j=%S&& wmk

nif'r, *9 mmm

\?\mm&\.w&MMwxmwwim)r\kf.mj

i ty i 'Jl ii il, ii.nii i HJJ..-i i.1 nut. mfwf j&mmw $wimwmij.y*\wrt}w.umw.y iwfi!>ty!}i

w '?* J&v Pioneers and Southern Utah J. R KENNARD

rW A Man Among Men IRA J. MARKHAM

{'I Religion and Economics DR. MAX HAENLE

AS THE RETURNED MISSIONARY VIEWS IT ROLAND C. PARRY

WHEN THE UTES INVADED UTAH GEN. JOHN Q. CANNON

STORY—THE CYCLE OF SHIRT

SLEEVES EZRA J. POULSEN

m

r> SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES OFFER SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1ST

FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. 33 WEST BROADWAY

COSTUMES. One of the main parts of every show

The essential of every masquerade

MASKS. A little diversion is good for the best of men.

PLAY BOOKS. Thousands to select from. The largest and the best list.

TOUPEES. The greatest factor to bring back your youthful appearance. Evening

Gowns, Wedding Dresses, Evening Suits, Silk Hats. Everything suitable for the

most select social affairs. We save you money.

Send to us for anything you need to make your leisure more pleasant.

Catalog free.

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

P. O. BOX 998 WASATCH 999

GROWN LARGE By DOING SMALL JOBS WELL "Distinctive Printing In All Its Branches"

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

when writing to advertisers please mention the improvement era

As we recall it. complaint about the high

cost of living began about the time patches went out of style. Bakersfield Califoman.

Mother: "Johnny, run over and see

how old Mrs. Brown is this morning."

Johnny: "Not me! I ain't going to

ask no woman how old she is."Exchange.

"But. doctor, how can I drive a nail without hitting my fingers?"asked the young

bride after bandage was adjusted.

"Hold the hammer in both hands."he

advised. Exchange.

* * * We Specialize in making up

Son: "Pa, what is the difference between

capital and labor?"Stage Curtains and

Pa: "Well, the money you lend represents capital and getting it back represents Draperies

labor, my son."Exchange.

Modern and up to the Minute. * * *

Ten cents straight will be charged for all Our work shop is ecruipped with the very obituary notices to all business men who do latest appliances.

not advertise while living. Delinquent sub-

a fifteen cents chargedscribers will be line Call at Z. C. M. I. cash Advertisers notice. andfor an obituary

subscribers will receive as good a sendofl Drapery Department as we are capable of writing, without any Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate charge whatsoever. Better send in your advertisements and pay up your subscriptions, FREE OF CHARGE

as hog cholera is abroad in the land—Wagon

Mound (N. M.) paper.

All Through the Winter You neet Electric Refrigeration RIGHT NOW is the time to place this wonderful servant in your home. Winter

is really the time when you will most appreciate it. is just ahead—and winter

THE GENERAL ELECTRIC REFRIGERATOR maintains that constant, even temperature, regardless of weather conditions, which is absolutely necessary for the proper preservation of foods—every day in the year.

COME IN SEE IT—LET US TELL YOU ABOUT IT

Have it in your home for a small amount down.

Pay for it in two years, if you wish.

Utah Power & Light Co.

Efficient Public Service

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HARVEST A I C CFESTIVAL 0/\LiH

PRICE CUTS RANGE FROM to 15 55%

Beautiful BrandNew Baby Grands $395 *&*-3 EASY PAYMENTS$10 Down BrandNew Upright Pianos $195 BrandNew PlayerPianos 295 Used Pianos From 65 Used Players From 165 DaynesBeebe Music Co.

"Older Than The State of Utah"61 to 65 Main Street, Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOVEMBER, 1928 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

VIEW OF BRYCE CANYON - - Frontispiece

A National Thanksgiving - George Washington l

The Pioneers and Southern Utah. Illustrated - J. R Kennard 3

A Man Among Men Ira J. Markham 12

- 15Why Smoke Anyway?

The Eagle Flight. A Poem Bertha A. Kleinman 15

Some Interrelations Between Religion and Economics

Dr. Max Haenle 1

THE PLAN. A POEM C. Schwendirnan 25

As the Returned Missionary Views it Roland C. Parry 26

Are the Promises Fulfilled? - - - 30

Red. White, Blue, Yellow - J. H. Paul 32

- Samuel B. Mitton 40Blighted Flowers, a Poem

When the Utes Invaded Utah John Q. Cannon 41

The Cycle of Shirt Sleeves. A Story Ezra J. Poulsen 47

YOUR EYES. A POEM - - Laura Bateman 5 3

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated - 54

- 65Editors'Table—The October Conference

Of Interest to Writers - 6 6 Priesthood Quorums 67 THANKSGIVING. A POEM - Grace Ingles Frost 68

Mutual Work - 69 Passing Events - - 85

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City. Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917 authorized on July 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates."are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; $2 per annum. Address; Room 406 Church

Office Building.

EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS

Our local writers will be interested mainder, in which the learned doctor in the announcement, found in the edigives his view of "Mormonism"as it torial columns of this issue, of prizes relates to economics, will appear in our offered by the Era for the best original next. A cursory reading of the article

stories. The offer is open to all. The will not reveal its true worth; it should

development which will come with a be studied.

painstaking effort to win will be worth many times the amount of the prize As the returned missionary views it.

itself. Therefore, any person with a in this issue, is the first of a number of

fair knowledge of English and the rules articles which will be presented to our of composition will not be wasting readers during the coming year. The

time by trying for these prizes. missionary, while in his field of labor,

| is the biggest figure in the circle in

George Washington's first Thankswhich he moves, and often the transigiving Proclamation is to be found on tion from the field to home conditions the back of the frontispiece. Breathis more difficult than was the change

life to the field. If theing as it does the spirit of gratitude to from home

the Almighty for blessings received, it needs of the returned elder are kept are sure they will beshould be carefully read by all. Its before us, we

is the purpose of thesesublime spirit will be reflected in the met; and that

hearts of those who ponder over it, and articles.

simultaneously there will be awakened notable gathering of Church,a deeper reverence for the great man A who penned it. government and railway officials at

Cedar City and their visit to the beauty spots of Southern Utah are described

How another "Mormon"boy in an interesting manner by J. R Kenachieved athletic fame is told in this nard in the leading article of thisnumber, under the title "A man among number. Our older readers will not

men."It is not only interesting but fail to note and appreciate the changeit furnishes additional evidence of what which is apparent in the attitude ofclean living will do when the supreme prominent men toward this people andphysical test comes. Bud Shields, subwhich has come about during the past

ject of the story, tells us that he believes few years.in and keeps the Word of Wisdom.

Of the 28 medals which he is wearThe M. I. A. departments as usualing, one is bronze, two are silver and contain many suggestions which willthe rest are gold. Shields now holds be invaluable for officers and teachers

seventeen records in interscholastic in this organization. Often questions

A. A. U., Rocky Mountain and Nacome by letter to the Y. M. M. I. A.

tional meets. office which have already been an-

I swered in the Era or in the Hand Book.

Dr. Max Haenle, of the University Every worker in the M. I. A. should

of Erlangen, Germany, delivered a adopt the Scout slogan, "Be prepared."

lecture before the University of Utah He cannot be unless he is familiar with summer school. The first part of his the contents of the departments in this

address appears in this issue; the remagazine.

A National Thanksgiving

(From Spark's Washington, Vol. XII, p. 119.)

Whereas it is the duty of all nations to acknowledge the providence of Almighty God, to obey His will, to be grateful for His benefits, and humbly implore His protection and favor; and

Whereas both Houses of Congress have, by their joint committee, requested me "to recommend to the people of the United

States a day of public thanksgiving and prayer, to be observed by acknowledging with grateful hearts the many and signal favors of

Almighty God, especially by affording them an opportunity peaceably to establish a form of government for their safety and happiness:"

Now, therefore, I do recommend and assign Thursday, the 26th day of November next, to be devoted by the people of these States to the service of that great and glorious Being who is the beneficent author of all the good that was, that is, or that will be; that we may

then all unite in rendering unto Him our sincere and humble thanks for His kind care and protection of the people of this country previous to their becoming a nation; for the signal and manifold

mercies and the favorable interpositions of His providence in the course and conclusion of the late war; for the great degree of tranquility, union and plenty which we have since enjoyed; for the

peaceable and rational manner in which we have been enabled to establish constitutions of government for our safety and happiness, and particularly the national one now lately instituted; for the civil

and religious liberty with which we are blessed, and the means we have of acquiring and diffusing useful knowledge; and, in general,

for all the great and various favors which He has been pleased to confer upon us.

And also that we may then unite in most humbly offering our prayers and supplications to the great Lord and Ruler of Nations, and beseech Him to pardon our national and other transgressions;

to enable us all, whether in public or private stations, to perform our several and relative duties properly and punctually; to render our

National Government a blessing to all the people by constantly being a Government of wise, just, and constitutional laws, discreetly and faithfully executed and obeyed; to protect and guide all sovereigns

and nations (especially such as have shown kindness to us), and to bless them with good governments, peace, and concord; to promote

the knowledge and practice of true religion and virtue, and the increase of science among them and us; and, generally, to grant unto

all mankind such a degree of temporal prosperity as He alone knows to be best.

Given under my hand, at the city of New York, the 3rd day of October, A. D. 1789.

Geo. Washington.

3<c

OSU

Zo> <u Improvement Era

1Vol. XXXII NOVEMBER, 1928 No.

The Pioneers and Southern Utah

By J. R Kennard

INa valianta way itservice,has nevera servicedonerenderedbefore, longthe worldyears agois takingbut onlynotenow,of at last, rewarded.

Men who would dare hellheat or Arctic cold, men broadbrained and broadshouldered for the task, largehearted and cleareyed men stayed and fought it out. They could not know that acclaim

would be theirs, they did not care; theirs was a devotion of heart

and life to God. They toiled for a principle, they built for generations yet unborn. And now only a few are left to hear the meed of

praise that rightfully belongs to every soul of them.

On the recent tour of the southern Utah parks, to the north rim of the Grand Canyon, conducted by the Union Pacific Railroad

Company, formally to open the magnificent lodge built there on the very brink of the mighty gorge, the dominant note was veneration for the "Mormon"pioneers who settled the country all 'round about. The party numbered two hundred or more, made up of

capitalists, captains of industry, railroad presidents and executives, governors, senators, congressmen, mayors of large cities, presidents of chambers of commerce, heads of government bureaus, a picked coterie, a class of men who wield influence in the very course of human society, men whose power is unquestioned in what this country shall do and think, in what shall be the verdict of America in any given premise. And along in the party, too, were fortunate scribes,

newspaper men, invited to perform the pleasant task of telling the world what took place and to record their impressions.

The spotnews side of the story has been taken care of. We

have told the world that the trip was made, that the lodge was dedicated, that the Kaibab trail from the rim to the river was ceremoniously put into commission, that a surprise was sprung in the creation of Bryce Canyon National Park, that the milelong tunnel out of

Zion Canyon was holed through, that every man of the party arrived safely back and that it. was a wonderful trip. We have,

naturally, enthused a bit in the telling, imbuing our accounts with the lure of the desert, the majesty of the forest, the grandeur of the cliffs, the tang of the mountains, but yet there remains the genius 4 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of it, the dominant influence or essential element, which to this humble scribe was the very reverence those men showed for the pioneer and the pioneer history of the region.

Not a sneer, not even a lifted eyebrow was seen on the entire trip. They caught the spirit of the early day did those men, rolling

along in palace busses, sleeping in deluxe cabins, banqueting in gorgeous dining halls; they gazed at the same towering crags, they scanned

the same distances as did those of the former day who in wholehearted simplicity wrought there in wholesome interest of their fellow-men. Those of this day too were men of generous impulses,

cleareyed beholders of great things, men of vision and withal men of sympathy, just men. They sensed what it took to stay and conquer

such a region, and they paid the homage due, in spite of rubber tires and cushioned seats where formerly were the lumbering wain and the jolting slab.

Every mile of the way brought it back. A pioneer village,

a rocky dugway, the long trail, the water holes, the drift fences on the old cattle ranges, an old ranch house or fort, every one a landmark and every one an object of veneration. No more from now on will

men scoff at the conviction that held the "Mormon"pioneers in southern Utah than at the motive that prompted the Catholic fathers to thread the wilderness and establish the missions which now arc very shrines in the hearts of all who visit them. And why should it

not be so? A motive is a motive and a conviction is a conviction, and

strong, broadminded men wherever they see sincerity of purpose accord to it its due.

And so, southern Utah, with its wealth of romantic history, is coming into its own.

And now to lapse into chronology, lest some phase of the genius of the trip be overlooked, and trusting to the muse of the rattling typewriter keys for what might follow.

Wednesday night, Sept. 12, it was that the Salt Lake contingency boarded the train in the Union Pacific depot. Each was

given a guest badge and the comfort and welfare of all were amply provided for. The genial D. S. Spencer was ubiquitous, looking out

for everybody. That night in our berths. At Cedar City next

monr'ng we pulled in just ahead of the Los Angeles train and the party was more than doubled in numbers. Breakfast in the Escalante

Hotel and all on hand for the loading of the busses.

Efficiency was everywhere. Courteous drivers packed grips

in the big rearend compartments of the coaches, names were called, seats were assigned and we pulled out at intervals along the way south. Good roads made the going (what a marvel, the work easy—

that has been done on the roads, everywhere, from the level stretches 5 THE PIONEERS AND SOUTHERN UTAH to the difficult engineering feats of dugways and switchbacks.)

Every mile was a delight. Soon, and very soon, we were in interall down the valley, theesting country. Through pioneer towns

great Hurricane fault on our left. Came to Anderson's ranch where

the busses all pulled up and the first inkling of the spirit of the trip is an oldwas manifest. Here, it was pointed out right at the outset,

pioneer ranch redolent of the past; the marvel of the perseverance

of the pioneers was beginning to take hold.

its Off again, through Toquerville, famous in early days for grapes and Dixie wine, skirting Hurricane and up a long well constructed dugway, on to the Virgin river; then through Rockville and

other towns to the mouth of Zion Canyon.

It burst on us all at once, Zion did. There we were under the

spell of those mighty mountains almost before we knew it. Massive, tall, mighty, they towered above and we threaded our way

along between. Came to the lodge. All out and registered. Lunch

eon. Then a trip up the ZionMt. Carmel highway, out of a lower

it is.branch of the canyon. A wonderful piece of road construction

the climb up and back and ever up, the canyon floor receding ever farther and farther below and the successive switchbacks, mountUnion Pacific System Lodge on North rim of Grand Canton, at Bright Angel

Point. Dedicated and formally opened September 15, 1928

6 IMPROVEMENT ERA ing with us one after the other. We entered the portal of the tunnel.

Why a tunnel? We had climbed on an open roadway high up to the

very foot of the beetling, perpendicular, massive mountain. No

way to go farther without hewing a solid rockshelf road or cutting through. The engineers for it, they chose to cut into the solid rock,

back into the cliff and up to its very towering summit. A mile

of tunnel through the solid cliff with galleries at intervals looking out over the canyon and the open road far, far below. Near the face of

the bore in the light of a gallery where the busses, by much backing and cramping, could and did turn 'round, the resident engineer, R. A.

Brown gave an informal talk on the history and construction of the gigantic passage.

Not mine to give in detail, the information he imparted; just a

few highlights, as I must hurry on the story. I have called it a milelong tunnel; I have here in my notes that it is 5,700 feet, so I am

not outside of facts. It cost $55 a lineal foot to construct, etc.

Back to the lodge and right on past it to the Temple of Sinawava, the end of the auto road. Here a lecture by Geologist Woodbury and those who wanted hiked to the end of the trail in the narrows. I am here to testify that the hike was interesting.

Must not stay too long in Zion, lest you weary; but I just

must mention the Great White Throne, Cable mountain—there's

a story in itself, how timber is transported on slender steel cables down from the plateau thousands of feet above the floor of the canyon and out for the building up of the towns Landbelow—Angel's

ing, Lady Mountain, the Three Patriarchs, the Watchman, West

Temple, and others, awesome in their grandeur and height and disappointment this to those of you who have heardmassiveness—no

of Zion Canyon and have seen pictures of it but have yet to see it; it

will surpass all you can imagine. And the coloring, say almost—I

vivid as the painting of it you have seen.almost—as

Back to the lodge, dinner and a program.

It was here the real genius of the trip burst forth. The program featured "Days of '47,"Park Superintendent Scoyen was

master of ceremonies, under Stephen T. Mather, director of national

parks. A well enacted scene of pioneer days was put over and a bit

of history was couched in pleasant banter between the m. of c. and a

capable pioneer impersonator. But what followed was not imper

sonation; the old original fife and drum corps that played in pioneer

days for Fourth of July and Pioneer day celebrations in Rockville and Grafton made the rafters roll with the shrill call of the fife and the clatter of the drums. The whiskers on the old drummer were his

own. His name was Dennett and in a private chat later he said he

owned once the spot of ground on which now stands the lodge; on

twelve acres he said he cultivated and raised corn and potatoes on that very spot, and reared his family there. He told of the old days when

THE PIONEERS AND SOUTHERN UTAH

the Indians were neighbors and just how to get along with them was the real problem.

Too much, pro rata, on Zion Canyon, already, but no getting away from here without telling about an impromptu talk by President Anthony W. Ivins and the impression he made. He spoke reminiscently of the days when he rode the range 'round about and his

picture of those old days and the color of patriotism and service he gave to it all touched every listener.

The spirit of the trip was rampant now. This is the land of

the "Mormon"pioneers, hardy souls who made the country habitable. Mr. Mather everywhere referred to it, and reverence was in his

very eye and voice, welling from his heart whenever, as master of ceremonies, he spoke of it.

Well, next morning off again. At Rockville we crossed the

Virgin and climbed out on the table land. Except for steep places

it was fast going and soon we crossed the Arizona line.

Then bearing to the eastward we passed through big country, cattle ranges, mesas and cliffs in the distance and to Pipe Springs.

This was an official stopping place. All the busses pulled up and

unloaded. Can't stop to describe it, save to say it is a rock mason

enclosure, two houses facing each other across an inner court, with massive (reconstructed) gates at either end of the court, the whole built over the spring on the side hill at the foot of the fault mountain, a fort built to protect the early settlers 'round about from attacks by hostile Indians. There are the old port holes and the scarred walls,

the old, old furniture and the very atmosphere of those romantic and terrifying days. The speakers here were President Heber J. Grant,

President Ivins, Mr. Mather, Indian Commissioner Burke and a local

pioneer, Jonathan Heaton. It was impressive, the past and the present, the reverence and the rapt attention with which the gathering listened. President Ivins spoke of personal experiences of pioneer

days, and President Grant of the pleasure the Church finds in cooperating with the Government in the preservation of landmarks and the development of the country.

And on across the same big country, towering mesas and buttes, vast distances and dim mountains to Fredonia, in Arizona. Here a

fourmile dip back into Utah to Kanab for luncheon at the Union

Pacific dining lodge, a reconstructed pioneer dwelling. Here, too,

was a pleasant surprise. The Kanab ward choir sang a number of

selections, among them "Come, Come, Ye Saints,"which is not only

President Grant's favorite hymn, but, as was said, is also a favorite of Mr. Mather's since he has heard it sung here in Mormondom and

has caught the spirit of it. President Grant stood with the choir

and sang with the rest of the "Mormon"songsters.

Retrace to Fredonia. On and into the Kaibab forest. From

8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the open desert to the treeland. Not too sudden the transition; first

a scrub cedar, then another; then a scraggly pine, and another; thicker; finally the thick forest.

You've heard about the deer among the stately trees. They're

there.

And what a forest! Big yellow pines standing just close enough

together to give the effect of a park; no underbrush, just grass, which

in a less dry season and earlier would be green, and the vista of trees fading away and blending in the distance.

And the deer. We in our car counted them. In two's and

three's and up to bunches and small herds of from eight or ten to sometimes twenty: our total was just under six hundred.

Through Pleasant Valley, past V. T. ranch, past Jimmy

Owens'old pioneer cabin, where 'twas said the late President Theodore Roosevelt camped and, with Owens, hunted cougars on the north rim.

At the lodge. Built right on the cliff overlooking the canyon.

Personally, I had my first look into the mighty gorge from the lounge room through the great windows, and from the veranda far out, and farther than one could have gone at any other point. My

impression? The same as yours was if you've seen it or will be when

you do if you have not. It has been gloriously described times without number, has the Grand Canyon, and after all there is a nameless

thrill for any living being who beholds it for the first time. I can't

tell you; go and see it!

Only let me quote President Roosevelt:

The deer especially like Pleasant valley

THE PIONEERS AND SOUTHERN UTAH 9

"The Grand Canyon fills me with awe. It is beyond comdescription; absolutely unparalleled throughoutparison—beyond

the wide world. It is the one sight that every American should behold."

My own thoughts went instinctively to my Creator, as I looked, and looked. I thought of the cosmic, the primeval. Surely, such

grandeur, such a supreme epic of God's handiwork, bestows a new sense of the wonderful in nature, of the earth's beauty and size.

Assignments to cabins de luxe, dinner and an informal program.

Here again President Ivins touched the chord of early days; and

there were other numbers, among which, I suspect somewhat against their personal desires, was the presentation of the drivers of the all of them, from thebusses. A fine lot of manly young fellows,

University of Utah, and the Brigham Young University, mostly;

clean, upstanding every one.

Next day on the rim. Two trips were planned, either one of

which any member of the party could choose, but time not permitting both. One was an auto ride to Cape Royal, the other a horseback

ride down the trail, I should say, about twothirds of the way to the river to Roaring Springs, whence comes the water system by a wonderful piece of engineering for the lodge and surroundings.

This was Saturday morning, and just before the parties took off the trail was dedicated, the Kaibab trail. Under Mr. Mather as master

of ceremonies, Park Supt. Tillotsen, who was engineer in charge of the

construction of the trail, told how it was done and the part played by young men and boys, "Mormon"boys, from the towns and country of southern Utah and northern Arizona. Bishop R. S. McAllister of Kanab broke a bottle of ginger ale on a rock at the foot

of the trail sign post and a march of a few rods was staged down the incline, all singing, "There's a Long, Long Trail A-winding."

The trip down the trail must have been great; I know personally that the ride to Cape Royal was, that the luncheon, under

an overhanging cliff, was superfine and that the view from the Cape

Royal point, far out over a window wall along a narrow passage with thin air on either side and on either side a sheer drop of thousands of feet was impressive. Impressive, I say and I'll let it go al

that.

Back to the lodge, dinner and the formal exercises of dedicating the inn. There were numerous speakers, a long list of men representing the different states, the different cities, the different government

bureaus and departments, too many to name and attempt to tell what they said. But the dominant note was the wonderful occasion, the

service rendered by the great builders, the empire makers, the epoch of the time. Carl R. Gray, president of the Union Pacific, made the

formal presentation, and President Heber J. Grant made the closing

10 IMPROVEMENT ERA

address. Mr. Mather was here as elsewhere master of ceremonies, and

he sounded the part played by the "Mormon"pioneers and early settlers, referring to President Grant and his people as real builders of a great empire.

We must be getting on. Next day Kanab lay on the regular

route. President Grant had gone ahead of the caravan and was

in attendance at Sunday School in the pioneer settlement. Bishop

McAllister personally came out and invited every man of the party into the chapel and nearly all of them went in. Here they saw how

a "Mormon"Sunday School is conducted and the impression on those men was noticeable. An occasion, too, later in the day was

the dedication of the new Kanab chapel at which President Grant officiated.

On up the country, characteristic every mile of it, through "Mormon"settlements, such as Orderville, Glendale, past Cedar

Breaks Junction, through Hatch and to Bryce Canyon. In time to

get the late afternoon effect on the fantastic forms in the massive amphitheatre.

No attempt at description, save to say that Bryce is a blend of exquisite beauty and grotesque grandeur. It is not a canyon in the

common conception of the term, but truly an amphitheatre. Opening out of the valley plain in the distance far below, the gorge widens

to this wonderful vista at your feet. A vast bowl, in which stand

the myriads of forms, gigantic, massive, solid stone, and yet as delicate as lace or filigree, colored with the white of frost and the pinks of glowing embers.

Sunday evening was the program commemorating the formal creation of Bryce canyon national park. There were speeches by

representative men called upon by Mr. Mather, featuring a history

of national parks in general and of Bryce in particular by Superintendent Allbright of Yellowstone park, an address by President

Grant on tenets of the "Mormon"Church and a dedicatory prayer by President Anthony W. Ivins.

Just to illustrate: Mr. Mather, when he called on Presidents

Grant and Ivins, said: "President Grant and President Ivins, we love

you both; we know and acknowledge your worth and the work you

and your people have done for us."

And not a man but caught the selfsame spirit.

Calls next morning for the sunrise effect on Bryce. But who

can command the this day and age? That particular mornsun—in

ing clouds hung in the east. But they lifted at intervals and gave us

a hint of the flaming beauty. Some there were who had seen it

before said it was especially effective, the alternating lights and shadows as the clouds shifted across the sky and the sun shone out or hid again its face.

THE PIONEERS AND SOUTHERN UTAH 11

At Bryce that day till 1 o'clock. An auto ride 'round the rim

and a climb to Inspiration Point. And this is Bryce! No one can

make you see it by proxy. Go, do go and see it.

There was a horseback party down into the canyon, but some of us went down afoot, down among those massive, fantastic forms, the intimate, personal touch, down to the floor of the canyon among the pines, and out by another trail along the slope below the rim and skirting the towering temples and domes that are Bryce.

Then the ride through beautiful mountain country to Cedar

Breaks. Cedar Breaks is like Bryce, only not so many forms, but

fully as large in amphitheatre extent and as deep and aweinspiring.

And then the last leg; and the psychology of it! From an

elevation of 9,000 feet on the rim of the Great Basin a sudden drop past the country looking down on the very head of Zion canyon with its towering mountains in the distance and flaming, gorgeous autumn foliage colors, into Cedar canyon, in itself a very marvel of a gorge, and down and out to Cedar City, the place whence we started.

One more banquet, with speeches and resolutions and felicitations, and a surprise. By courtesy of President Heber J. Grant arrangements were made with the director and the members of the

Cedar City choir to sing for that party of men, visitors most of them to Utah and most of whom had never heard such an aggregation of singers. And did they like it, those men? They stood up and applauded and cheered and could not seem to get enough, and the generous singers gave them a lot, too; and it was fine singing, such as

only a good "Mormon"choir can put over.

At this last meeting, too, Mr. Mather referred feelingly to the

warm friendships made on the trip, to the broader understandings as between men and groups of men that had resulted from the fellowship of the trail, and expressed gratitude to a Divine Providence that no mishap or unpleasant circumstance had marred the event from the beginning to end. As a last expression of goodwill, he asked

President Ivins to pronounce a benediction. And that benediction

was given as from one holding the divine right to speak for Christian men in communion with their Maker, an impressive finale to an occasion that will mark a new era for Utah and its people.

That's all. The party separated. The specials pulled out and

the Pullman berths were ready, for the visitors from other states or for the Salt Lakers. We arrived in Salt Lake for an early start on a

day's work, back from a wonderful trip.

And remember, the work, the lives, and the service rendered by the pioneers of southern Utah is coming into its own and will be in the limelight as the thousands of tourists visit those wonder places in future years.

A Man Among Men By Ira J. Markham

lift a h u n d r e d-p o u n d weight with one arm; to go TO

spinning dizzily around in a one and a half somersault; to speed

through the water to the end of the pool; to turn in a flash and be back

again, were marvels to the small boy as he stood gazing longingly at the swimmers at Liberty Park.

These men looked much the same as the ones in the books and magazines at home, champion wrestlers, champion boxers and, above all, champion swimmers. They

were his idols, they possessed something he did not have, something he had always dreamed of but as yet that dream had never been realized.

He looked down at himself, skinny, roundshouldered, sickly and weak. He could not play with

boys his own age; even the onesBud Shields, rocky Mountain Swimming

Champion younger than himself could push him around, and he had to take it.

It was his dream to be big and real man among men. strong—a

Eight years passed. Fifteen hundred pair of eyes were centered

upon a slim, fairhaired youth as he stood upon the mark waiting.

What chance did he have against the mighty Ault, of Michigan, in this grueling 440yard race. Ault, a star performer, the pride of a

state, the present National record holder, swimming at top form and declared unbeatable by all the Eastern coaches. This young fellow,

Shields, from the wilds of Utah had made a remarkable showing the night before, however. He would bear watching.

"Swimmers ready, judges and timers ready. Get ready—go!"

They were off. "Shields is he is not, there he leading—now

makes up on the turn. Eighteen lengths to go. They are starting

too fast; they can't stand it, the Western boy will peter out before he

is half way.

"Look at that whitehaired kid go! He is neck and neck with

A MAN AMONG MEN 13 Ault. See how he makes those turns, beautiful, just a swish and he

is gone. together. Two more lengths to the finish. See him now,teen—still"Fourteen lengths and still going strong. Fifteen lengths, sixlook at him go. He is gaining, he is passing running away Ault—is

from him! He has beaten him ten feet in two lengths!"

"Results of the 440yard dash!"The announcer's stentorian

voice reverberated through the room and stilled the tumult of the crowd. "Shields, of Brigham Young University, Utah, first; Ault, of

Michigan, second. Time 5:08.4 seconds, a new National record and

clipping fifteen seconds off the former National Intercollegiate record of 5:23 held by Samson of Michigan."

It was a glorious meet. Competition was keener than ever before. Freshmen had been allowed to enter the meet for the first time,

due to the fact that this was an official Olympic tryout. The first

four men in each event being eligible for the finals to decide the team to represent the United States at Amsterdam, Holland, in the summer.

Twentytwo of the largest colleges in the country were represented at the meet. More than a hundred of the best swimmers of

the nation were there. New records had been set in nearly every event

by this choice group of athletes who had assembled in Philadelphia for the annual National meet.

"All out for the 220 yard dash!"The audience appraised the

men as they stepped forward. "What, was Shields going to enter this

race too? Surely that other long race, made in recordbreaking time,

was enough to kill any man. What was his coach thinking of? Why,

there had only been the four dives and the 150yard backstroke since he got out of the water; he hadn't even had time to get his breath."

Anyone examining him closely could see a different expression on Bud's face. Before, he had stood on the mark with hands on hips,

relaxed, seemingly oblivious to all about him. He was more serious

now, with a look of determination on his face. He knew this was

to be his supreme test. He knew that Schwartz, of Northwestern,

was the favorite, that he had been kept fresh for this race so as to be sure to win; it was his specialty and he had never been beaten.

Bud had been urged to stay out. They told him he didn't have

a ghost of a show, but he was determined. Though a little sick from

the last race, the thought that he was swimming for his Alma Mater,

Brigham Young University, and the ones at home who had backed him, buoyed him up. He was going to win, no matter what the cost.

The crowd cheered for him. The pluck and determination of

this youth had won a place in their hearts; they wanted to see him

victorious.

"How could he stand it?"was a question on every lip. "Look

14 IMPROVEMENT ERA

at him there, starting out on that 220 as if it were but the 40yard dash."The first 100 yards in fiftyseven seconds, the same time as

his Rocky Mountain record for that event and yet he had five grueling lengths to go after that.

The audience couldn't tell it, but he knew he was weakening in the lead but with margin so slight that it didn't count much—still

in the 220. Schwartz was pushing him hard, everyone expected him

to forge ahead any minute.

Four more lengths to go. The strain was beginning to tell.

The boy's arms were heavy, his legs numb. Schwartz was right behind. Must he give up?

He thought of his mother and father in Provo, of Coach Leaf on the bank, swimming every stroke with him. He thought of his teammates at home who were praying for his success; could hear the rah

of the old school yell as it rang in his ears when he left.rah—rah

Each cheer seemed to add strength to his stroke. It was the "sixth

man"of the basketball team, the "twelfth man"of the gridiron;

the spirit of the "Y"was in his veins and he fought on.

How glad he was that he had followed Coach Leaf's advice;

that he had not lost sleep in carousing around; that he had been reared

in the heart of the mountains where the pure mountain air had helped him build his body. He was glad that his heart and lungs were not

impaired by nicotine and alcohol. Those six years of intensive training were standing behind him now. He needed just that added store

of energy which springs from a clean life. He rallied all the forces at

his command for that last desperate sprint.

Memory of his years of training swept over him as he started on that last long stretch.

He wasted not a glance on the goal or on the crowds which were looking on. His long, slender arms whipped out methodically though

with lightninglike rapidity as he gathered all the water he could against his strong hands. Like a long, white fish, he shot through

the choppy waters until an outstretched hand touched the goal.

He had won! The "Mormon"from the mountains had won

the National championship, for Schwartz was still behind. He was

helped from the pool almost in a daze at the thought of his victory.

The ovation of the crowd reached him but faintly. Three National records broken by one man the same night! The first time

anything of the kind had ever been done in the whole history of National Intercollegiate swimming.

By gaining two first places, he had won individual honors of the meet. Single handed he had tied with seven men from Stanford

for third place in the team standing of the nation.

"Shields, I want to tell you that I have seen every National swimming meet for the last twentyfive years, but never before have

A MAN AMONG MEN 15

I seen so brilliant work, so gritty swimming as you have displayed here tonight,"said a nationally known expert as he shook hands with the boy.

He little thought eight years before that his dreams would be fulfilled to such an extent. While gazing longingly at the swimmers in

Liberty Park, that day, he little dreamed that some day he would not only be better than any there, but that he would receive such a compliment from Frank Sullivan, one of the greatest authorities on swimming in the world. Truly he had reached his goal. He was a

man among men.

Why Smoke Anyway

(1) It takes time. This is the most precious thing in the world. (2) It befouls

the air. Pure air is God's first and best gift to man. (3) It burns up money.

Money is the circulating lifeblood of commerce and society. (4) It hinders work.

By work we win in this world. (5) It weakens the heart. The time is coming when

you will need every bit of its strength. (6) It endangers health. U. Si Grant and Mark

Twain both died of tobacco poison. (7) It is a habitforming drug. You become

its slave. (8) It is not recommended by your mother. The boy's best friend is his

mother. (9) It is unclean. Paul says, "Keep thyself clean."(10) All smoke is

waste and impairs health. Tobacco smoke is doubly so. He who abates it is a

benefactor.

The Eagle Flight

Your bridges spanned, your ensign up and leading.

For you, O boy, no turning at the helm,

For there are those who sail at your succeeding,

Who weigh an anchor just within your realm.

Your step, O boy, must tread for those who falter,

Who choose the side lines rather than the race,

Who, seeing you a laggard, step may alter,

To walk with you and swing into the pace.

Your light, O boy, must lead for those who follow,

Whose font of life with you must be secure,

For theirs the "eagle flight or theirs the wallow,"

As you befoul the stream or keep it pure.

Mesa. Arizona BERTHA A. K.LEINMAN

Some Interrelations Between Religion and Economics* By Dr. Max Haenle, University of Erlangen, Bavaria

PRESIDENT, Ladies and Gentlemen:

I was very glad to accept the invitation of a pupilMR.

of the great triplestar ConradWagner-Schmoller, President

Dr. George Thomas, to give a lecture before the summer school of

the Alma Mater Utahensis on my return from Hawaii and Samoa en route to Germany. From the outset neither the president nor I had

any doubt as to the subject of my talk, inasmuch as one of my special fields of research has commanded an everincreasing interest in America during the last few years. I am thinking of the interrelation between religious and economic life. Various observations have shown

me that many well educated men have conceived this problem only in the form of their own thoughts about the financial practices of churches, but in reality it is much more complex and comprehensive.

Indeed, it is so broad that I shall not be able to do more than point out briefly the different forms in which this problem is disclosed. It

will be impossible, therefore, to enter into an exhaustive treatment of the subject. At the outset of my remarks, I should like to emphasize the fact that we can speak of those interrelations between religion and economcis only which lend themselves to exact scientific

investigation. This very appreciable limitation is necessary, however, if our inquiry is not to result in a mixture of pietistic phrases

and economic principles. To be still more explicit: the purely personal experience of religious truths which cannot be conceived through

a process of pure reasoning, never expanding beyond our own consciousness, and which will never become a completely comprehensible entity of historical research, cannot find consideration in our investigation. I well know, and put special emphasis on the fact, that this

profound inward religious experience, this marvelous communion of the faithful with his God, and this eternal play of question and answer concerning the final meaning of this existence, is the chief characteristic of all religion. Let us not forget this when we now

hear critical statements regarding those phases of the religious phenomenon which properly belong to the ecclesiastical superstructure of a religion and which are rationally conceivable. The transcendent

nucleus of each religion, I think, is contained in a shell of varying strength. This shell, everchanging our mind, knows how to pierce

*Opening lecture at the Summer Session of the University of Utah, June 14, 1928.

RELIGION AND ECONOMICS 17

and to examine with critical understanding. It is only the pith

which we are not in a position to analyze rationally. We shall not

and cannot master the mystery of faith with the weapons of cold reasoning. People who are able to think only in terms of the sensually perceptible in nature will never visualize the true essence of religion. You should keep this fact in mind, and I am very sorry to say

that our subject has been treated from this perspective in a small number of instances only. If people had always had due regard for this

point of view it would have been impossible for so much nonsense to be published, disguised in the robes of science. One who has not been

quickened himself by that phase of religion which lies beyond all rationalism has no right to speak of religious experiences; his words

are just as empty as those of a flapper talking about exalted love.

After this introduction which was by no means unnecessary, nobody should misunderstand me later on, when I return to the intellectually conceivable relations between religious and economic life.

I do not wish to systematizers are wont to begin—as do—with

an extended inquiry about the meaning of the term religion on one hand and that of economics on the other. I desire only to point out

briefly that we must not think of the term religion too narrowly and that we do not understand religion to be identical with religiosity or piety. I have already tried to make this clear in my introductory

remarks. We are to understand by religion the sum total of all conceptions, actions, and institutions by which men, with the help of the

original difference between things sacred and things profane, are able to attach a deeper meaning to their lives. By economics, on the other

hand, we are to understand the sum total of all conceptions, actions, and institutions by which man aims to establish a lasting material basis for the satisfaction of his needs. Is religion in any way connected with that?

You will perhaps recall the words of the biblical account of the creation, "Multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it."If you

compare the doctrine of the Jainistic or Buddhistic religion with this statement, especially the Buddhistic formula of confession, "A monk who tills the ground or has it cultivated is in need of repentance,"you will see that the attitude of religious systems toward fundamental economic questions is by no means the same. In one instance

we see an attitude favorably inclined toward economics, in the other the attitude is of a hostile character. In addition to the general position of a religious system, regarding questions of economic life, special religious precepts concerning economic pursuits are of equal importance. I am thinking of the Israelites now who received very

circumstantial economic rules from their God. These instructions

were so detailed that even all agriculture became regulated by religious standards. In passing I shall mention only the command to treat

18 IMPROVEMENT ERA

animals with kindness, where it says, "Thou shalt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the grain."Other religious injunctions in connection with economic life are of much greater importance. I call

your attention to the Thomistic conception of justum pretium, or to the laws of the MiddleAges forbidding the taking of interest. For

anybody who wants to get a deeper insight into medieval economic life, an understanding of these regulations is indispensable. I should

like to refer you briefly to an extremely interesting and instructive example which shows plainly and forcibly the relation between religious institutions and economic life. According to the individualistic school money came into existence in economic life, but in several

countries at least, as for example in India, it originated in religious life. For the latter country this has been shown beyond doubt by the

studies of Pran Nath, who is professor of economic history at the

University of Benares, and a pupil of the wellknown sociologist.

O. Spann, Vienna. As early as the time of barter there existed coined

pieces of precious metal in India. At first these coins had no significance economically; they were nothing but the expression of standardized remuneration for the priest's services. The pictures on the

coin all stood in a symbolic relation to different religious rites. It

was not until later that these coins assumed the characteristics of money in the modern sense of the word. Besides the examples just

given we could quote many more from all stages of the history of civilization. However, I am unable to do so during the limited time

at my command.

We must emphasize not only the theoretical and specifically doctrinal aspects of certain faiths and their relation to economics, but for some religions at least we must also attach great importance in our present investigation to the connection between existing religious forms of organization in the broadest sense of the word, and economic life. In their economic importance the temples of Greece as institutions

resemble, to a large degree, our modern savings or deposit banks. In

those days deposit vaults were unknown, but for a long period of time the sanctity of the temple guaranteed that the gold and silver deposited in Wall Street of not become the Delphi—the Greece—did

spoil of the ancestors of our Chicago gangmen. In this connection

we must say a word also about the importance of the Temple of

Mercurius in Rome which was the sacral center of a very influential merchant guild. And our modern "Messen"** (Englishfairs)

grew out of small fairs which were originally held in connection with religious festivals. The concurrence of the October General Confer-

**The German "Messe"is of the same origin as our word "mass.""Messe"in it's

economic meaning is the equivalent of the English word "fair."The word "fair"comes from

festivals. So even the history of thethe Latin "feriae"—which means religious holidays or

English word "fair"reveals its connection with religious life in earlier times.

RELIGION AND ECONOMICS 19

ence and the Utah State Fair, in Salt Lake City, can possibly be explained in a similar way. A classical example of the influence of

existing religious institutions upon economic life must pass by no means unmentioned. I am thinking of the colonization activity

which always followed the religious endeavor of missionaries. Of the

Roman institution of "ver sacrum,"a heathen example which is farther removed from our experience, I shall make brief mention only.

Christian missionary work, with which we are more familiar and which is of much greater consequence, has a decidedly greater interest for us. Following the Christian messenger of faith there always

came the spade. The monasteries of the MiddleAges, besides being

religious and scientific centers, were also economic centers for long centuries. The fathers brought the "credo"and destroyed many

harmful superstitious conceptions, the brothers brought the spade and new plants for cultivation, together with many other devices by which the monasteries stimulated economic development. Whether

we quote California, or England, or Germany as examples, the same

Ifact may be observed. During my recent stay in the South Seas

saw new evidences of the importance of the Christian missions in the economic life of the nations. In the South Seas, as well as in other

parts of the socalled uncivilized world, the missions have established schools in which are taught not only subjects of a general educational value, but subjects also which are important in our economic order of things. The significance of this establishment of schools, however important it may be, is of no greater consequence in connection

with our problem than the weight which must be attached to the change in the total attitude of the natives through their conversion to

Christianity. Phenomena which are the result of the operation of

physical causal law never play any characteristic and important part in the present system of any modern religion. Today we understand

such phenomena with the aid of physical causal laws. The teachings

of religion, with a few exceptions only, are concerned with other things. With primitive people this is quite different. The old

Polynesians and Melanesians knew no more of the operation of physical causal laws in the world of matter than the great Arminius

Nevertheless there was an impelling incentive for primitive man to become familiar with the forces of nature because he, not having any conception at all of the operation of physical causal laws, as I have already pointed out, might well hope to prevail upon these forces according to his desire, just as he was able to influence his fellowmen. All these attempts to gain control over nature forces, quite

unknown to primitive man in their real character, belong to the religious sphere and are of great economic importance. Before dealing

with this aspect of the question, however, we must take a closer view of the belief of primitive man in powers in the universe, whose activ20 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ity may be beneficial or detrimental to him. Sometimes these powers

are conceived as an entity or as one uniform force. Examples of this

conception are the Melanesian "mana,"the Iroquoian "orenda,"the

Scandinavian "makt,"and the Iranian "maga."From the latter

expression our English word "magic"is derived.

The seaworthiness of a canoe or the destructive force of an arrow depend on their richness in "mana."In our day these notions are

prevalent not only in some parts of the South Seas but even in Scandinavian farming districts you may hear a word which savors of these old preChristian notions. It is the word "makt stulen"—deprived

of power. The Swedish farmer likes to use this expression when he

is convinced that his horse does not measure up to its normal efficiency. Besides such ideas, which recognize only one force as final

cause of all things, history affords many examples of a belief in a large number of different nature forces. Both this conceptions—and

is of particular be regarded as constituting one importance—may

general group, the chief characteristic of which is that the relation between man and these forces above him, with which he is but partly acquainted, is regarded as an intercommunion of a purely objective nature. Such a conception we call the dynamistic conception. The

class of phenomena just discussed is clearly distinguishable from another class in which the forces of nature, with which man stands in daily contact, assume personal forms. Here the superhuman forces

are conceived as having the characteristics of human beings who influence man and who may be influenced by him. This class of primitive religious ideas is usually known as the demonistic conception.

At this stage of our investigation it is important to understand that primitive religion is oft times merely the handmaiden of economic life. Primitive man who is engaged in a continuous struggle with

nature has not yet developed any religious or philosophical abstractions. The strife with the forces of nature, the rational laws of

which he has not yet discovered, contributes the sum of his existence.

His primitive religious concepts, as I have already indicated, are nothing but attempts to understand nature and to find methods for its control. Dominion over nature, however, is the natural foundation

of all economic life. My contention that religion often serves economic purposes and that it is closely connected with economy may be

proved even by examples from religions in a more advanced state of evolution. The Romans of early times, who progressed a step farther

when they elevated their old faith in demons to a belief in gods, gave a religious sanctity to all their important economic undertakings. I

should like to call your attention to a really striking example of this close connection between economic activity and religion. I am thinking of the long list of Roman indigenous gods. Sterculinus protects

fertilization: Vervactor, the first plowing; Radarator, the second

RELIGION AND ECONOMICS 21

plowing; Imporcitor, the third plowing; Sator, the sowing; Obarator, the subsequent plowing; Occator, the harrowing; Subruncinator, the weeding before the harvest, etc. This example teaches us in

an unequivocal manner not only the utmost importance of religious conceptions in the economic pursuits of man which we have already seen, but also the important role which purely economic factors have played in the shaping of religious systems. Marx, whose theory is

the foundation of the entire socialistic movement, has flatly denied to religion all independence of character and has explained all religious phenomena to be a function of economic life. So much only

in passing. Our problem, therefore, has two sides. We have to distinguish as far as it is possible, between religious conceptions arising

from economic factors, and economic practices which are an outgrowth of religious conceptions existing independently of economic conditions. On account of the close interrelation between both developments it will be hard in many instances to point out clearly the

proportionate influence of each factor.

I am thinking now of one circumstance which is of the greatest importance even today; namely, the close interrelation between Calvinism and modern capitalism. The favor with which both regard

economic activity, as well as a number of specific and peculiar doctrines, such as predestination, have given the religion of Calvin, as

Max Weber has shown, a position of dominance in the history of modern capitalistic thought. Calvinism, especially as it was developed later by Beza, sees in economic success an expression of God's

grace. The endeavor to demonstrate tangibly this grace by economic

achievement has given an amazing impetus to the desire for gain. The

tendency toward increased efficiency manifesting itself in our standards of life, and the desire to exercise freely our economic capacities of which are characteristic of our modern economic—both life—were

typical already of Calvin's Geneva. From there they spread, winning universal importance, to Britain and the New England states.

Through his fight against the scholastic ban on interest and his teachings regarding the productivity of money and credit which are more closely related to our modern conceptions, Calvin has done a great deal to free business from its old fetters. In connection, however, with

Calvin's activity as a whole, these specific regulations are of more or less secondary importance. They are but an outgrowth of the new

place which is assigned by his teachings to all economic life. The

CalvinisticPuritan sects afford the most striking example of people succeeding in the world through rigid abstinence and selfdenial (innerweltliche Askese), and by no means through a lifenegating piety cultivated behind convent walls. This religious attitude of theirs is

the antithesis of the old doctrine of the institution of salvation. One

who does not see this difference plainly will not be able to gain a clear 11 IMPROVEMENT ERA picture of the economic and cultural importance of Puritanism. A

Puritan has to succeed in the busy, producing world. Economic success gives him the assurance that he belongs to the elect. He is opposed

to the mysticism of monastic life. Although we realize the full value

of model economic activity on the part of monasteries we must not forget that the Catholic ideal during the MiddleAges, which considered him the best Christian who fled from the turmoil of life into a realm of mysticism and reflection behind the walls of a cloister, was by no means as forceful an incentive to economic productivity as Calvinism which rejected monastic life completely. Besides such specific

views of the reformers, especially of Calvin and his school, in favor of economic activity, there grew out of the general mental attitude during the Reformation other factors, as we shall see, which became of economic importance. Let us not forget, though, that the strong

emphasis of economic factors in Protestantism, however important it may be, contains no doubt elements of excess and onesidedness, which often make economic life a civilisatory end in itself and not a cultural means to an end.

Nothing marks more distinctly that great religious movement at the end of the MiddleAges which had its inception with Luther, and a strictly secular parallel of which we see in the Renaissance, than the fact that it broke up the authoritatively restricted culture of the

MiddleAges. Luther and the other reformers have liberated the soul

more completely. As we may well expect, their view of the freedom

of mind, a mere creed in the beginning, has left a lasting mark upon the nature of men directly as well as indirectly through the influence of a church, the character of whose organization was largely determined by the idea of that new freedom.

The Roman Catholic church is a monarchical institution. All

Protestant denominations are more or less democratic. In a Protestant church the congregation generally elects the preacher; in the Catholic church the superior church government instals the priest. The

Protestant reads the Bible and draws his own conclusions regarding the text; the Catholic has no such liberty; he has to adhere to the official interpretation of the church. A comparison of the Catholic

and Protestant attitude of mind demonstrates, on the other hand, that all individualism of extreme intensity contains within itself the germ of its own destruction. I have in mind not only the many Christian

dwarf sects whose origin can be accounted for only by this extreme individualism, but above all I am thinking of the truth that overemphasized individualism leads gradually to an autonomous subjectism, as we find it in the different epochs of amalgamation of Protestantism and the spirit of the Renaissance, and develops at last a culture of reason, following which there will always arise a mechanistic conception of the world which does not leave room for the individual as

RELIGION AND ECONOMICS 23

such. In the world of physical causal laws and atoms the individual

then becomes an illusion, a mere aggregation. It has lost its character

as an individual. The history of the last four centuries'culture

shows plainly the result of such extreme individualistic views. A

still more striking example of this development is the characteristic endeavor of many presentday churches to grow beyond this individual isolation in order to gain a more vital and meaningful concept of the church. Never have I experienced a stronger evidence of this new

spirit than during the World Conference of Churches in Stockholm in 1925, which had been called and presided over by Dr. Nathan Soederblom, eminent organizer and scientist. During the sessions and in

private conversations in Sweden's beautiful capital, with church men from all parts of the world, I had a singular opportunity to get in touch more intimately with those many cultural movements the beginnings of which are traceable to the Reformation of four hundred years ago. One of the most valuable results of my visit in Stockholm

was the observation that in Protestant churches there is, for obvious reasons resulting from the very nature of Protestantism, no parallel to the typically Catholic thoroughness in the treatment of purely dogmatic problems, while presentday Protestantism is overzealous to circumscribe all institutions of daily life. America with its Protestantism of a Calvinistic shade affords very interesting examples

in this respect; for example, the activity of the Methodist and Baptist

churches regarding the Eighteenth Amendment to the Constitution.

The general position of the Catholic church, as is well known, is less serene and "dry."It still perpetuates the ancient joy of life and lays

particular stress on all factors that make for more esthetic living and a richer culture. The Catholic considers the activities of the iconoclasts to have been a deplorable smallness, to say the least, which does

not encourage art by any means. In some respects the tolerance of

Catholic missionaries is similar to this phase of Catholic attitude, for they are more favorably inclined toward the preservation of old customs and traditions in nonChristian mission fields than many

Protestant messengers, whose narrowness in this particular respect I had occasion to observe personally.

We have now gone far out of our way into fields not yet tapped by western culture, with their strange and interesting conceptions of spirit and soul. Please let me make a suggestion here. Some day,

when you have a quiet hour, I should like that you reflect on the three possible ways in which a religion might regard the concept of the soul and the importance which these views have sociologically. One of

these views does not regard the soul as an immortal independent entity at all. Buddha held this view. He taught again and again

that there is neither an immortal soul nor a god. By a strange irony

of fate the average Buddhist of today believes once more in souls and 24 IMPROVEMENT ERA gods and venerates Buddha as the highest among the gods. In some

respects this complete change of the foundations of the old Buddhistic view is merely a result of the economic environment of the primitive Chinese who did not understand the deep philosophy of Buddha's religion and who, therefore, developed for himself a belief in gods and souls which was to give him comfort and support in the hard life which he has to lead. Let us return, however, to the original Buddhistic conception denying the "ego"to be an immortal

religious entity. This religious view of a fundamentally negative

comes into conflict with our selfconsciousness, everynature—which

hour, must be kept in mind, if we wish to understand fully the hostile attitude toward all visible progress, characteristic of original Buddhism. Modern man has to change the foundations of his thinking

if he wishes to find his way through these old Buddhistic ideas. But

anybody who goes to the trouble of penetrating into that world of reflection will come back to our modern ways of thought and life with many new ideas.

While Buddha denied the existence of an immortal soul without reservation, the view of the religion of ancient Greece is diametrically opposed to Buddha's teachings. The Greeks conceived man's soul to

be practically they believed that an inevitable fate govabsolute—forerned the final destinies of gods and men alike (Moira doctrine)—

and thought it to be independent of the gods in its existence as a soul.

They did not know prayer in its present form. Their supplications

to their gods remind us of contract bargaining. "If you, Zeus, will

help me to be victorious in this battle, I shall bring you a sacrifice of one hundred oxen."The relation of the immortal soul to its god, as

it appears in the several monotheistic religions was entirely unknown at that time. Therefore the ancient people's whole view of life was

entirely different from our own. We cannot afford to overlook these

facts if we want to gain a true conception of the economic side of any type of man. The Christian religion, knowing of an immortal and

responsible, but by no means entirely independent, soul, but rather conceiving it as a part of the divine principle, has developed a sense of life entirely its own. Within the several Christian churches there

are, of course, small differences in degree of independence and responsibility of the soul. I have already pointed out some differences between the Catholic and Protestant religion in this respect. I have also

spoken of the importance of this greater freedom of originally religious conceptions in our economic life and development. I have endeavored to show you just a few of the many interrelations between

religion and economic life. In the short time at my command our

treatment has been fragmentary, of course. But I hope that some

of you have become interested in these questions sufficiently to pursue them further with the help of suitable literature. The subject merits

RELIGION AND ECONOMICS 25

a thorough study, without doubt, if for no other reason than that this investigation always brings us back to the old truth of the unity of human life, the different aspects of which, namely the religious, the economic, the political, the scientific, and the artistic aspects, are understood only when we understand the comprising higher whole.

Aristotle said, "to gar holon anankaion proteron einai tou whole is necessarily earlier than the part. Due to themerous,"—the

sway of individualistic scientific methods during the last centuries, we have dwelt too much upon the details in our work and have lost insight into the great, allpervading principles without which it is impossible to gain a true picture of single phenomena; for they do not

stand alone in the world but are themselves nothing but parts of a higher entity.

We shall now leave the things with which you are, perhaps, less familiar, to consider conditions with which you are better acquainted.

As you may know already, I have investigated the relations between the "Mormon"religion and the economic development of Utah. The

conditions which I found are so interesting that I do not regret for one moment having come so far.

(To be Continued)

The Plan

Back in that great beginning, Pilgrims now we find ourselves

Where Gods in council stood, 'Midst broken harmony,

They planned a glorious future Where plans are sometimes thwarted,

For spirits great and good. Through teardimmed eyes we see.

They planned an earth probation. Sometimes we're tried and tested.

"A place where these may dwell."When dark'ning shadows fall.

To walk by faith and patience, We wonder what the purpose

Their blessings they'd foretell. Is it worthwhile, after all?

The elements were gathered, Then comes the great conviction,

And soon the earth was framed, That, burning in the soul,

With streams and vegetation; Gives faith, and hope, and courage,

The planets then were named. God helps us win the goal.

The sun in all his glory. Our faith grows stronger, day by day.

By day gave warmth and light, In that eternal plan,

The moon and stars in heaven That all things work together

Gave splendor to the night. For the final good of man.

Spirits soon were earthward bound, And while we are but strangers,

Their bodies to possess, As in this life we roam,

To live a while, as mortal men, Our course is ever upward

To serve in earnestness; Toward that glorious home.

A new world to replenish The joy of that reunion

Which God for them prepared. When to heav'n we ascend!

He planned for them a destiny; We'll meet our friends and loved ones.

In all he had, they shared. If we're faithful to the end.

C. SCHWENDIMAN

As the Returned Missionary Views It

By Roland C. Parry

and more missionaries! They come and goMISSIONARIES

ceaselessly, and the Church goes on and on towards perfection. There shall be no halt in its progress; for God has ordained, as related in Daniel's interpretation of Nebuchadnezzar's

dream, that the rock cut out without hands which smote the image and crumpled it, which is the Kingdom of God, shall become a great mountain and fill the whole earth.

But what of these who have spent standardbearers—them

some of the best and most valuable years of their lives in the mission field? What does the Church offer them when they come home,

humble but proud of their achievements, and glowing with life and happy anticipation? Theirs is a staunch faith in the Gospel! Theirs

is the spirit of the of the dauntless champion ready to crusader—that

defend righteousness here at home with zeal and devotion. What

shall be done for them?

Consider the status of our missionaries after they have become seasoned and experienced in their work of proselyting out among the nations of the world. They are leaders in very of deed—leaders

men. No matter where one travels, whether it be in the regions of

Africa, down in the South Sea islands of the Pacific, or in the heart of a great metropolis, one will find grave responsibilities resting upon the shoulders of our young missionaries. In the eyes of the Saints with

whom they are associated, they are the Lord's chosen servants, possessed of the judgment and wisdom which divine inspiration gives.

They are blessed with those qualities which make them true representatives of the Church. They not only take the initiative in

spiritual activities, but they are constantly sought in temporal counsel by the Saints.

Presidents of districts and branches have duties comparable in many ways to those of our stake and ward executives. They, together with the elders laboring with them, each of whom has duties

not unlike those of bishops'counselors, spend their entire time preaching the Gospel and directing the spiritual welfare of the members living outside the stakes of Zion. In other words, they develop initiative and assume the responsibilities that fall to the lot of leaders in

Church activities and do so for an extended period of time.

Then, when they are at their best and have complete confidence in their work and in themselves, and after they have labored diligently and perhaps have seen the fruits of their planting, they are honorably released. Released to what?

27 AS THE RETURNED MISSIONARY VIEWS IT

They arrive home possessed of ideals gleaned from a humble study of Christ's life. In their travels they have been circumspect.

They are clean; yet, most of them are youthful, and young trees cannot have become so deeply rooted as those of venerable age. The

Church owes them something, especially at this period of transition in their lives. It owes them responsible work in the ward or stake, be it

home missionary duties, teaching classes, executive positions, or at least opportunities to speak in Church now and then. Are these

opportunities provided for them at this critical time? Are newly

returned missionaries encouraged to continue their ministry at home?

Too often, perhaps, they are forgotten and allowed to sink into mediocrity and become nonentities in Church life. Is it any wonder that

some of them grow cold in the faith when life buffets them with such extremes? Have you ever noticed how old age is hastened by retirement from active life? Successful men who have worked constantly

for decades and then have retired to a life of ease have precipitated old age upon themselves by so doing. Inactivity of the body is conducive

to physical ailments, and inactivity of the spirit brings a weakening of the spirit and consequent inefficiency.

Notice the preliminary actions of the next batter up at a baseball game. He swings two or three bats lustily in order to have his body

muscles keyed up to act in perfect coordination and with power when he strides up to the plate. The added load of bats puts his muscles

in just the right condition, so that when he swings at the ball he has a maximum of power behind it. Likewise in the mission field an

elder is almost constantly doing double duty. His responsibilities are

many, so that when he arrives at the "home plate"he is certainly ready to step in and "hit the ball."

Only today the writer was informed by a friend that since his return home from his mission, fourteen years ago, he has been asked to speak in services but four times; although, it may be added, he has

more than average ability as a public speaker. Now if his experience

in the field was like that of many missionaries, who speak two and three times in a day, think how his mind must have reacted at such sudden and prolonged idleness. We are prone to place young men

who have just successfully completed their missions back where they were two, three, or four years ago. Such lack of recognition and consideration will undoubtedly have its effect on the younger returned

missionaries, and, being young, they can easily get into habits that are not good.

Certainly this article is not in defense of returned missionaries who have lost their testimonies to the extent of falling into real transgression. Nor has it any bearing on the writer's personal experience

whose good fortune it was to be placed in a responsible position just at such critical time. Rather, what is written here aims to remind

28 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ward officers and every member of the Church of the fact that it is within their power to keep the great majority of returned missionaries in possession of the burning testimonies that they had while preaching the Gospel abroad.

A wise old Maori of New Zealand once made this statement to the writer, spoken in his own graphic language: "Man is a duality,

consisting of the spiritual body in complement to that of the physical. We nourish our physical selves very religiously because we take

immediate pleasure in doing so. If conditions arise when it becomes

impossible to provide our bodies with sustenance, they lose their vitality and in time waste away and grow old. Likewise our spiritual

bodies thrive on spiritual food, which is engendered by our good our duties and magnifying our callings. And weworks—doing

certainly experience pleasure from so doing. But as spiritual food is

intangible, and we are so uninformed and skeptical about things we cannot see, it is not so easily obtained. Satan is constantly exerting

all his forces to divert us from partaking of this spiritual nourishment and often he succeeds to such an extent that even the desire for it leaves us. Consequently the spirit weakens and grows cold as do our

physical tabernacles in death."

We are all subject to temptations. The evil one takes great delight in wearing down the spiritual strength of men and women who

have been blessed with special testimonies. He realizes that returned

missionaries are prizes worth winning, and certainly he takes advantage of every chance that comes to recruit them to his cause.

Arriving home, the returned missionary with his high ideals deplores the absence of such among many of his associates. He appears sanctimonious to his former pals and friends. Many of his

relatives and acquaintances think he is too good ever to fall by the wayside. Many people with whom he will have to associate in school

or in business may consider him of little account because he is a returned missionary. It takes active Church work on his part, which

will constantly buoy him up and stabilize his religious convictions, to keep him from sliding down to the level of many around him.

Right then he needs the help of his Church in the form of opportunities to go on developing his spiritual self to the point where he can safely and surely grade his surroundings as right or wrong, and choose that which is right. Surely the Church must not ignore himjust when Satan has discovered that he is a shining mark—-just after

he has arrived home with all the strong instincts of youth and before he has become readjusted to life at home with its vastly different entailments.

These first few months constitute a most strenuous period in his life. In the field, religion has been his whole world and he has developed religiously far beyond the average man of his age. Coming

AS THE RETURNED MISSIONARY VIEWS IT 29

home, he must give most of his time to making a living in competition with men whose constant endeavor is to grow rich and who have developed beyond him in that capacity. His better self cries out

against the irregularities of the life around him, and with prayerful conviction he determines to adhere to his which prompt ideals—ideals

him to give service to others and constantly to improve himself in an educational way.

It is to be hoped that he finds the woman he loves and is united with her under the marriage covenant as soon as conditions permit;

for there is no more certain truth than that it is not good for man to be alone. In the last few years it has become a necessity that a man

specialize in one small field, which requires either college training or its equivalent. This complexity of modern life has often necessitated

deferring marriage for several years, which complicates matters the more. Certainly with all these perplexities facing him, the returned

missionary should be assisted by the in any monetary Church—not

in keeping his soul developed spiritually by providingmanner—but

him with ample opportunities to extend himself in keeping with his previous training.

But he must accept in good grace whatever he is appointed to do because humility is a heavenly attribute. If he has the true spirit

of the Gospel he will experience joy in doing whatever the bishop or heads of the auxiliary organizations can offer him.

After all, he must realize that he has been placed on this earth to work out his own destiny. No returned missionary should assume

the attitude that he is better qualified than his associates in the ward to lead out in activities just because he has been preaching abroad.

Let him come home in humility and take what is given him. If he

excels it will shine out in due time.

He must realize, too, what a serious problem confronts the officers of the ward and stake. They must apportion out to these

hundreds of recentlyreturned missionaries work that will suffice to keep them wholeheartedly interested and also provide a means for their increasing spiritual growth. But that is just what our Church

can do. For just such purposes as this, it has been established. It

paves the way to increased happiness and righteous efficiency and power for every person in the world who will but heed its call. Surely

the emissaries of righteousness shall be blessed, according to their works.

"When men are rightly occupied, their amusement grows out of their work, as the color petals out of a fruitful flower: when they are faithfully helpful and compassionate, all their emotions are steady, deep, perpetual and vivifying to the soul as is

the natural pulse to the body."- John Ruskin.

Are the Promises Fulfilled?

of tourists annually visit the Church office buildTHOUSANDS ing in Salt Lake City. They are usually met at the door by

an attendant who volunteers to show them through the beautiful structure. His pleasant face and manner, his courtesy, which so

unmistakably indicates the real gentleman, his sincerity and evident love of truth, make an impression on the visitor which cannot soon be forgotten. This man is Henry M. O'Gorman. More than fortyfour years ago, Brother O'Gorman braved the ridicule of relatives

and friends in Liverpool and joined the Church, having become convinced of its divinity.

During these long years of membership, he has heard many promises made through the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. The first

one to which he listened came from a young missionary who repeated the old promise of the Redeemer, that those who will do the will of the Father shall know of the doctrine.

In 1887, Apostle George Teasdale, then presiding over the European mission, gave Brother O'Gorman a blessing, in which the statement was made that he should be the instrument in the hands of of the Lord in declaring the Gospel message to untold numbers.

The desire to gather with the Saints in Zion came strongly upon

Brother O'Gorman, but he held a responsible position with the post office in Liverpool and was also president of the local branch of the

Church. He could not well be spared, and the mission authorities,

therefore, urged him to remain and help extend the work in his native city. But the late President Francis M. Lyman, while presiding in Europe, blessed Brother O'Gorman and among other things

promised the following: "You shall gather to Zion with your family and do a work for your dead, when the Lord sees fit."

Subsequently, President Heber J. Grant was called to the European mission, and he also blessed Brother O'Gorman. In this

blessing he used the following words: "I bless you that your faculties may all be retained, that your mind may be clear, and that your

last days may be your best days. I bless you with the peaceful influence

of the Holy Spirit, that it may be your constant guide and companion, warning you of dangers seen and unseen, and protecting you from snares laid for your feet by wicked and designing men. I bless you

that through your faith and faithfulness, and diligence of your life, you may have influence with your family and be able to make an impression for good upon their hearts."

Still later, President Hyrum M. Smith, now deceased, proARE THE PROMISES FULFILLED? 31

nounced a blessing upon the head of Brother O'Gorman, from which the following is taken: "Now, our Father in heaven, we pray thee

to look in love and mercy upon this thy servant, and accept of his and our gratitude that, after many years, the way seems to be opening that he may gratify a longing to be with thy people in the valleys of the mountains, and there make his home. * * * We pray that the

heart of his wife may be touched, and that her mind may be enlightened, that she may see the glorious principles of the Gospel, and be willing to submit to the commandments and receive the ordinances of the Church, that she may be numbered with thy people and be one with him in all his holy and righteous purposes and desires; * * *

that he may go in peace, that he may go in safety, that the arm of the Lord may be drawn around and about him, that he may be preserved in life and health and strength. * * * We say unto

you, our dear brother, as you have the confidence of those with whom you have labored, so shall you have the confidence of those with * *whom you shall make your home in the valleys of the mountains.

As you desire, you shall receive; and when you knock, it shall be

opened unto you. The Lord will be with you to lead and guide you

and will give you great joy and thanksgiving."

In his sweet and kindly way, but with a manner so convincing that it makes a deep impression, Brother O'Gorman adds: "The foregoing inspired words uttered by the servants of the Lord have been

literallv fulfilled. I have been gathered in peace and safety to Zion

with all my family, except one. A work is being done for my dead

in the temple. Up to the present I retain all my faculties, and my last

days are proving my best days. I can testify that I have had the peaceful influence of the Holy Spirit, enabling me to withstand the trials

incident to all who gather to this land.

"We came to Zion in 1916, at a time when the waters were filled with submarines, yet our journey across the ocean was a remarkable and pleasant experience. My wife is now a member of the

Church, and rejoices in a testimony of the divinity of the Gospel.

As far as I am able to judge. T have the confidence of those among

whom I labor.

"After final preparations had been made to leave Liverpool, my wife was taken with a serious fever. After all had been done for her

that we could do, I talked to the Lord, telling him of our situation and reminding him of the promises which had been made. My dear

one was restored, and we sailed as expected.

"Together with the other promises, the first one I ever received from one holding the Priesthood has been fulfilled in my case, and I can testify that it will be so in every case, that, 'If any man will do "the will of the Father, he shall know of the doctrine.'

Red, White, Blue, Yellow Handsome or Unique Wild Flowers of the Rocky Mountains Classified for Ready Identification by Colors and Chief Features

By J. H. Paul, Professor of Natural Science at the

University of Utah highmountain and FORfarnorthern species, see "Alpine Floral Beauties"in this series. Farsouthern species are not intended to be included here, though some of the

most prominent ones are given, and many of those listed herein occur far southward.

None of the members of the vast sunflower family, Compositae, nor of the dandelion family, Cicoriaceae, are given here, being reserved for later treatment. The chief native

flowering shrubs have been sufficiently set forth under "Flood

Preventers"and under "Western Shrubs Suitable for Gardens."The grasses, sedges,

rushes, and ferns, will receive later consideration.

I. Flowers Mainly Red, including Pink, Pale Lilac, and Red and

White Project X. Present any ten, or grow any one, of the following:

Western Wild Flowers Suitable for Home Gardens

Name Average Height Leaves, Stem Flowers

Red Bugler. 1 2 to 3 feet. Opposite, simple. Red, (blue) 2

Pentstemon Eatoni. "Beardstongue."Upper clasping. Many kinds, w.

Carmine Gilia. 2 to 4 feet. Sticky: lobed, Long; bright-

G. aggregata. "Skunkflower."cut, bluish, alt. red or whitish, t.

'The large and handsome genus Pentstemon has fifty or more species in the Rocky Moun tains. Most of them are blue, but several are red, scarlet, pinkishviolet, or lilac, and one in

California is flesh color. See footnote under Blue Pentstemon.

Words in parentheses in the column "Flowers"mean that similar species will be found described under that color also: r. a regular flower, the parts of the same shape: ir. an irregular

flower, the parts dissimilar, as in the snapdragon, violet, larkspur; tr, having the form of a

trumpet; p, a flower resembling the sweetpea blossom; t, a tubular corolla.

RED, WHITE, BLUE, YELLOW 33

Name Average Height Leaves, Stem Flowers

Sweet William. 3 to 8 inches: Opposite, simple, Pink (white);

in. wide. r.Phlox species. woody base. narrow, rough. y4

Scarlet Pentstemon. 2 feet; smooth Upper narrow, Vivid scarlet

Pentstemon Torreyi. bluishgreen; lower ovate, pale inside,

Red Foxglove. Fls. 2-lipped. or oblong. very ir.

Cardinal Pentstemon. \y2 to 2 ft. Small, lightScarlet.

in. green, smooth. t. ir. (blue).Pentstemon Parry i. Fls. y4

Large Foxglove. \y2 feet; downy, Ovate, large, Lilac to redPentstemon glandusticky stem. toothed. purple, 1!/2 in.

losus.

Pink Geranium. 1 to 2 feet; Large, 3 to 5 -cleft; Pink or

Geranium Fremontii. bushy; fls. y4 h. in clumps. purple.

Utah Sweet Pea. Smooth, trailing, Thin, veined, oval: Pinkishlilac;

Lathyrus utahensis. graceful vine. leaflets about ten, wings pale;

Fls. fade to sea green Fls. 1 in. long, 1 or 2 in. long, with keel cream, p.

and turquoise. 4 to 8 in cluster tendrils.

Arizona Sweet Pea. Loosely trailing, 8 narrow leaflets; Pink, violet,

Lathyrus arizonicus. airy, graceful. 3-deft tendrils. fluttering, p.

Western Sweet Pea. 1 foot; no tendril; 4 to 10 leaflets: Large,

L. decaphyllus. erect, branched. lance shape. purple, p.

Pink Lady Fingers. 4 Mat of silvery 1117 thickish, Pink with

Astragalus utahensis. foliage, woolly; white leaflets, purple and

Sheep Pod. Woolly. fls. 1 in. long. nearly round. yellowish, t.

Prickly Pear."Ascending and difSpines 3-5, slender, Rose red

Opuntia rutila. fuse, joints swollen. reddishgray, or paler;

Two sets of spines. Smaller spines below. '/, to 2 in. 2 in. r.

Sand Dock. 1 foot; seed like Ovate or oblong; Red, heartshape

in. 3 to 6 in. long. valves.Rumex venosus. begonia fls. l/2

Pink Monkey Fir. 2 to 3 feet; fls. Ovate to lance shape, Rose purple

Minulus lewissii. 2 in. long. North. pointed, opposite. and yellow, ir.

Scarlet Monkey Fir. 2 to 5 feet. fls. As above. Found Vivid:

Minulus cardinalis. twolipped, 2 in. southward. scarlet, ir.

"Nelson describes 76 species of Astragalus, not including our desert species. All have oddpinnate leaves, spiked or racemed flowers, long, narrow corollas; pods swollen and divided into

two cells by the intruding seams (sutures). Most of them are poisonous to sheep, especially

the densely silky A. molissimus, the small woolly loco, with spikes of violet flowers, 1729

ovateoblong leaflets, and a dry, leathery pod.

The barrel cactus, so named from the shape of its stems, from which water is obtained.

(Echinocactus Wislizeni), the spines used for fishhooks, the flowers large; the hedgehog

cactus (Echinocerues polyacanthus), a clump of stems each about the size and shape of a cucumber, and armed with bunches of long, stiff spines: flowers deep red and 2 or 3 inches across;

the tall cactus, 3 to 6 feet tall, with long cylindrical joints and whitish stems, flowers 2 inches long, yellow with white pistil (Opuntia acanthocarpa); the cholla (O. fulgida), a shrub 4 to

6 feet high, with spreading, twisted branches, starred with dead, dry spines; from the magenta

flowers long cupshaped fruits develop and hang in long chains. The joints break off at a

touch and the spines are vicious to pierce one's flesh.

u IMPROVEMENT ERA

Name Average Height Leaves, Stem Flowers

Downy Waterleaf. 6 to 1 2 inches: 5-7-lobed, hairy; Small, in dense

Hydrophyllum roots thickened. stem juicy. head, lilac, r.

Capitatum.

Scarlet Mallow.'4 to 8 ins. 3-5 fingered Copperscarlet,

Malvastrum silvery. l/z to 1 in. or brickred. r.

coccineum.

Rose Mallow. 2 to 4 ins. 6-8 lobed; Petals '/2 in.

Sidalcea nervata. pubescent. veiny, cut. rose color, r.

Southern Rose 12 to 26 ins. Lower rounded, Rose color.

Mallow. Sidalcea fls. small; many 5-9 lobed; upper Calyx and

neomexicana. in raceme parted and lobed. stems hirsute, r

S. Wyo. and N: M.

Silvery Hollyhock. 16 to 30 ins. Linearoblong. Purple or

Sphaeralcea cuspifls. on short crenatedentate, red; l/z in.

data. Southern. stalks; pubescent. rounded base. petals, r.

Scarlet Globe Mal- 1 to 2 feet; Ovatecordate, Scarlet

in. r.low. Sphaeralcea grayish silky. crenate, lobed. y2 to %

Munroana.

Wintergreen. 4 to 8 in. Rounded, with Nodding, white

Pyrola sp. scapes; no stems. leafy scales. purplish, ir.

Shooting Star. 8 to 18 in. Oblong, from Purplepink;

Dodecatheon sp. stems reddish. root. redlined, r.

Showy Milkweed. 1 to 4 feet. Silky; pigear Pink and white

Asclepias speciosa. Milky juice; fls. in shape; bluish. on woolly

Spreading milkround clusters. opposite, entire pedicels;

weed lies flat. Sweet scented. thick. trap insects, r.

Green Milkweed 8 to 20 in. Oval, oblong; GreenishAcerates viridiflora. woolly. linear in one. brown, r.

Fireweed Primrose. 2 to 6 feet. Long, narrow; Bright purplish

Chamaenerion. fls. 1 in. seeds have long silk. pink. r.

Water Willow Herb. 6 to 18 in.; Lanceshape, thickDeep red.

Chamaerion fls. V/2 in. ish; seeds with Northwest, r.

latifolium. long silk.

Red Columbine.'8 to 16 in. Mostly from root: Red, at least

Aquilegia elegantula. fls. l/2 in. longstemmed. the spurs, r.

II. Flowers Mainly White, Including Greenish, Cream, Pinkish

Silver Corydalis. 1 to 3 feet; Twice or thrice White with

C. Brandegii. fls. with spur cut into narrow straight

ir.High mountains. over y2 in. long. lobes; dark green. spur.

"See footnote under WhiteRiver Hollyhock.

'The red columbine occurs chiefly in Colorado and New Mexico; the white in the central

high mountains of western Wyoming and Utah, where it is frequent in high. cool, moist places:

the blue, the State flower of Colorado, in the mountains from northern New Mexico to Montana.

Five different species are more or less yellow, four of them throughout most of our mountains at middle elevations; one with petals creamcolored, occurs in the Laramie range; one is a

small alpine species with yellowish petals, the spurs and the sepals blue: and one small, blueflowered species is found in a few places at great elevations.

RED, WHITE, BLUE, YELLOW 35

Name Average Height Leaves, Stem Flowers

Thistle Poppy. 2 to 3 ft.: Prickly, White;

Argemone hispida. fls. 2 to 3 cut into lobes, centers

Milk Poppy. in. across. bluish. golden, r.

Climbing Clematis. Long vines; In fives; leaflets White; in

C. ligusticifolia. climb by hooks. cut in three. masses, r.

White Geranium. 1 to 2 feet, Stems and pedunWhite,

G. Fichardsonii. slender, erect. cles hairy. 1 in. r.

Sego Lily. 8 6 to 12 inches; Slender, 1-5 flowWhite with

Calpchortus bulb at root; ered; 1-3 leaves, lilac, yellow

Nuttallii. fls. 2 in, broad. linear; bluish green. and greenish, r.

Utah State Flower.

Pale Comandra. 5 to 10 inches; Narrow, pointed, Greenish,

Comandra pallida. white, ivorylike bluish, shiny; fls., white or

Toadflax. stone fruit. in flat clusters. purplish, r.

Wild Buckwheat."8 to 12 inches; Very woolly, Pinkish

Friogonum few stemmed. ovate or oblong. white, r.

racemosum.

Sand Puffs. 4 to 12 inches; Oval or oblong, Many, white

1 in. \ l/2 to 3 in. long; in roundAbronia fragrans. fls. y2 to

Fragrant Abronia. stems hairy, sticky. stems crooked. clusters, t.

Sticky Sand Puff. 8 to 14 inches; Elliptic or oval, White;

Abronia salsa. stems very sticky, fuzzy; stems low or in 2-inch

Desert 4 o'clock. hairy, and pink. prostrate. clusters, t.

Arrowhead. 8 inches to 4 feet; Smooth, arrowhead, White;

Sagittaria latifolia. fls. 1 in. wide; olive green; milky; in 3's; sta. and

In water or mud. anthers yellow. netveined, acute. pistils many. r.

Poison Sego. 8 to 16 inches; Many, smooth, Cream,

Zygadenus anthers yellow. folded; light green, white, r.

paniculatus. arching.

River Hollyhock. 10 2 to 4 feet; Heartshaped; Petals yz to

in. long,Sphaeralcea stout, branched; deeply 5-7 lobed; %

rivularis. stellatehairy. coarsely toothed white or pale

Northern canyons. purple, r.

8The sego lily of the Sierra Nevada and coast mountains has many colors, mostly red and white, and is called the butterfly tulip; the yellow sego. is called the yellow Mariposa tulip;

the orange sego, the orange Mariposa tulip. All these are mostly west of our range.

"Various other wild buckwheats, mostly white flowered, with sticklike, nearly leafless, somewhat woolly stems, leaves in a dense mat at the base and in clusters of four at the upper joints of the stem, are found in our region, most of them ornamental and thriving in cultivation. Since many of them are desert species; they have long single roots to find moisture, and

get along without much irrigation.

10See Scarlet Mallow, under Red. The common mallow, or cheeseweed (Malva rotundifclia), in fields and door yards, has whitish to pale rose or blue flowers, creeping stems, round

leaves that fold up, fanlike, on cold nights, and numerous fruits called cheeses. Indian Mallow

(Abutilon) 2 to 5 feet tall has round heartshape leaves, pointed, 4 to 10 inches broad;

fruit % in.

36 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Name Average Height Leaves, Stem Flowers

Pink Sand Puff."4 to 10 inches; Thickish, oval. Light pinkishAbronia villosa. fls. under '/2 in. midvein fuzzy. lilac, r.

Tall chickweed. 6 to 15 inches; Narrow, pointed. White,

1 to 2 in. long. starlike. r.Stellaria longipes. fls. under l/2 in.

Star Pink. 12 2 to 6 inches; Linear; stems White,

Stellaria sp. in mountains. weak, branching. starlike. r.

Horsemint. 12 to 28 inches; Ovate to lanceWhite; in

Monarda many stems from shape with small long, dense menthaefolia. bunch. saw teeth, red tinged. spikes, ir. base—a

Thorn Apple. 2 to 4 feet; velvety, Ovate, sinuateWhite;

Datura stramona. stout, bronzy stems; toothed; dark green, funnelJimson Weed. fls. 6 inches. pointed. form, r.

Hillside Primrose. 4 to 1 2 inches. Narrow, long, White; 2\/, in.;

Oenethera marginata. cut on margins. cutedged. honey tube,

5 in. r.

Prairie Primrose. 4 to 12 in. Toothed; stems White, changing

Anogra albicaulis. Fls. 1 to 3 in. whitish; buds droop. to pink. r.

"Baby Breath."1 to 2 feet, Linear, stems Pinkishwhite,

Gayophytum sp. branching. threadlike. minute, r.

White Columbine."1 to 2 ft.; fls. Twice or thrice White (blue.

Aquilegia leptocera. 2 to 3 in. in threes; lobed. red, yellow.)

III. Flowers Mainly Blue, Including Deep Lilac and Purple

Violets are mostly blue flowers that need little description.

One only is yellow and brown, a spring violet of the hills (Viola

Nuttallii); the fragrant white violet of the mountains (V. blanda)

the marsh violets (V. palustris, while to lilac, and V. nephrophylla, purple or violet with white bases); the pale violet (V.

Canadensis) with pale violet petals; the longstemmed violet (V.

longipes) with darkpurple flowers and short, thick, straight spur;

and the woody violet (V. odontophora), with slender woody

branches from a large tap root, petals purple or violet, the lateral ones bearded, the spur half as long as the these, it is petals—all

thought, would succeed in gardens.

"Abronias grow in sandy soil, are strictly American, with branching, hairy, often sticky stems; thick, toothless leaves, in pairs, with leaf stalks, and one of each pair larger than the

other. The flowers are in terminal clusters on long stems (peduncles). numerous in rounded

heads, showy, and very fragrant. Easily grown, they are also favorites of longtongued bumblebees and moths.

Several little white starflowers of the pink family, have opposite leaves, regular flowers, petals mostly 2-notched, appearing like two; stems swollen at the joints; stamens usually ten.

conspicuous. Pinks with sticky stems and white, yellowish, or purple flowers are called

catchfly, or campion. A very common pink in fields is the cow herb, a foot or two high with

many branches and bright pink flowers over half an inch long, its foliage bluishgreen: it is

a weed in fields as the small chickweeds are in lawns.

"See footnote to red columbine.

RED, WHITE, BLUE, YELLOW 37

Name Average Height Leaves, Stem Flowers

Quaker Bonnets. 1 to 2 feet. Leaflets 6-9, Shades

Lupinus laxiflorus. Small pea fls., downy above, of blue

Digitate leaflets. in loose spike. silky below. with white, ir.

American Sweet Pea. Climbing. 3 ft. 1014 broad leaflets; Purplish

Vicia americana. 4-8 flowered. pods narrow. blue. p.

Slender Sweet Pea. Low, creeping; 8-14 linear leaflets. Pale purple,

Vicia linearis. tendrils short. large, p.

Lilac Bush Pea. 1628 inches; 9-15 leaflets, Lilac or pale

Hedysarum pabulare. fls. in long clusters. '/, to 1 in. purple, p.

RosePurple Bush Pea.* 1218 inches; 9-13 leaflets; Deep purple

Hedysarum stems several. fl. stems long. spreading, p.

cinerascens.

Foothills Larkspur. 8 to 12 inches; Deeply cut, clusBlue; one

Delphinium stout; roots thick. tered at base. spur, curved, ir.

scaposum.

Blue Larkspur."6 to 1 8 inches; Doubly cleft; Blue with

Delphinium bicolor. fls. 1 in. long, outline round; purple and

Upper petals in long cluster. stem reddish. pink. ir.

yellowish.

Nelson's Larkspur. 12 to 16 inches; Cut twice in threes. Blue spur

Delphinium Nelsoni. stem not branched. straight, ir.

Blue Flax. 1 to 2 feet, Very narrow, Bright blue

Linum Lewissii. branching above, acute, deep in fives

Stems yield linen. very leafy. green; fls. 1 in. regular, r.

Rocky Mt. Bee

Plant. 4 to 8 feet In threes, long, Pinkish

Cleome serrulata. in Ariz.: 1 to narrow, very soft lilac, (white.)

Spider Flower, 4 northward; bluish; long sta- 4 petals;

Stinkweed. fls. in clusters mens and pistil. 6 stamens, r.

Long, spicy pods. 6 to 12 in. long.

Western Clematis. Vines; woody; In threes on Purple,

Clematis occidentalis. lvs. and fls. long stems. violet, or

Finest porch twiner. from joints. ovate, pointed. blue. r.

Douglas Virgin

Bower. 2 to 3 feet; Large, twice or Bellshape,

Clematis Douglasii. bushy; dark thrice cut into purple,

Bush Clematis. green; woolly. narrow lobes. woolly, r.

Languid Lady. 1 to 4 feet, bushy, Oblong or ovate. Blue, then pink

Mertensia ciliata. leafy; stems smooth, pointed; ciliate buds pink, slenSiberian Bluebell. hollow, soft, downy. margins; bluish. der bell shape, r.

*The Hedysarums have flat pods of separable, roundish joints connected in the middle.

The Sulphur Hedysarum, north and east, has brightyellow flowers.

"All larkspurs are handsome and interesting, gleaming like sapphires on deserts or in canyons. Only the smaller ones are likely to do well in cultivation. The tall larkspurs of the

mountains might well be tried, also the monkshood; but the baneberry, the various columbines,

the mountain buttercup, and the meadow rue. described elsewhere, may be best in rock gardens

38 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Name Average Height Leaves, Stem Flowers

Tall Verbena. 3 to 5 feet, strict, Lanceshape, cutBlue, minute;

Verbena bastata. roughhairy; fls. serrate, the lower fruits crowded, r.

Blue Vervian. small, in top spikes. hastate at base.

Pennyroyal. 12 inches; many Ovatelanceolate, Purple or

Monardella. slender, tufted stems. entire, rough. white, in

heads, ir.

Bronze Bells.

Fritillary. 8 to 16 inches; Six to 20, Dull purple,

Fritillaria fls. 1 in. across. scattered. greenish, r.

atropurpurea.

Indian Hyacinth. 1 to 2 feet: Few, from root, Blue,

in. long, linear. 6-parted. r.Brodiaea Douglasii. fls. y2 to %

Wild Heliotrope. 8 to 12 in. Divided into lobes. Lilac; stamens

Phacelia splendens. simple, erect. roughhairy. purple, r.

Desert Heliotrope. 4 to 8 in. 5 to 8 pairs of Bright blue. r.

Phacelia arizonica. leaflets

Jacob's Ladder. 6 in. (alpine), Ladderlike, 20 Blue or white.

Polemonium. to 3 ft. (lower.) or more leaflets. Stamens gold. r.

Blue Columbine."1 to 2 feet; Compounded in 3's Blue (red,

Aquilegia coerulea. fls. 1-3 ins. on long stems. white, yellow.)

Blue Foxglove."12 to 18 ins. Opposite, firm, Blue or purple,

Pentstemon glaber. 5th stamen bearded; upper lanceshape, wider above, t. ir.

Blue Beardtongue. fls. many. pointed, bluish.

Azure Foxglove. 1 to 2 feet; All broad, ovate Bright blue

Pentstemon pale green. to cordate. to reddish.

cyananthus.

Shrubby Foxglove. 5 to 20 ins., Narrow, iy2 to 3 Purple, violet,

Pentstemon woody at base. ins., fls. 1 to (pink.)

fruticosus. V/2 ins.

IV. Flowers Mainly Yellow

Golden Snapdragon.

Mimulus 8 to 32 inches; Opposite, round Bright yellow,

Langsdorfii. fls. to 2 in., or ovate, light lower lip %

Yellow Monkey throat closed. green, toothed. reddotted, ir.

Flower.

Yellow Owl's Clover 6 to 12 inches; Linear to lance; Bright yellow,

Orthocarpus fls. in leafy spikes often 3 -cleft, 2-lipped, sacluteus. on single stems. hairy or sticky. cate, y2 in.

"Yellow R.2ttle."long. ir.

"See footnote to red columbine.

"Blue Pentstemon flowers, often called blue bells, are not shaped like bells, but have long, tubular, and irregular corollas, with five lobes, 2 lipped, the upper lip 2-lobed, the lower 3-lobed and spreading; the stamens four, in pairs, and also a fifth stamen, conspicuous and

hairy but without any anther (sterils). The accent is on the e. which is long.

RED, WHITE, BLUE, YELLOW 39

Name Average Height Leaves, Stem Flowers

Yellow Rattle. 4 to 8 inches. Opposite, Yellow in

Rhinanthus cristiSeeds rattle in narrow, serrate. coiled spike, ir.

galli dry calyx.

Dogtooth Violet. 4 to 12 inches; Only two; oblong, Bright yellow;

Erythronium fls. 1 to 2 ins. acute, 5 to 7 in. nodding;

grandiflorum. In damp shade. long; sheathe stem. 6-parted. r.

Golden lily. Spring.

Yellow Snowdrop. 4 to 8 inches; Narrow, oblong; Orange yellow,

Fritillaria pudica. fls. 1 in. long. three to 8; tinged with

Yellow Rice Root. Root of scaly bulbs. fls. nodding. purple, r.

Hairy Puccoon 1 foot; several Narrow, sessile, Yellow, salverLithospermum yellowgreen stems; bluishgray green, form, scented;

r.pilosum. roots perennial. downy above. under l/2 inch.

Indian Carrot. 6 to 14 in.; Compound, cut into Minute, yellow

Cogswellia sp. lvs. sheathing narrow pine needles; or white in flatStemless, parsleythe stems; roots bluish; sheathing topped clusters, r

like plants. thickened. the stems.

Spider Milkweed,"12 to 18 in.; Dull green, rough, Yellowish;

Asdepiodora dec. stem slanting. leathery, narrow. inside white,

outside maroon, r Evening Primrose. 3 to 6 feet; Narrow, downy; Yellow; open

Onagra Hookeri. fls. 3 inches. margins wavy. at night, r.

Yellow Columbines."1 to 3 T/2 feet; Leaflets twice Bright yellow,

Aquilegia spurs 2 to 3 ins. or thrice in 3's. (red, blue.) r.

chrysantha.

Fendler's Meadow 12 to 30 ins. Ternately decomStamens

Rue. Petals none. pound; leaflets yellow.

Thalictrum Fendleri. l/2 in. long.

Western Wall 1 to 2 feet; Narrow, rough, Orange;

Flower. roughhairy; often with anthers

r.Erysimum asperum. fls. over l/2 in. sharp teeth. brown,

Fls. in top clusters.

Yellow Flax. 5 to 12 in. Linear to Yellow,

Linum Kingii. base woody. oblong, crowded. crowded, r.

Golden Corydalis. 2 to 6 inches; Cut into Bright

Corydalis montana. fls. with spur. narrow lobes. yellow, ir.

Blazing Star.

Mentzelia 2 to 3 feet; stout, Pointed, long, Light yellow,

laevicaulis. branching; narrow, wavyopen in

Stamens many; fls. 3 to 5 in. toothed. sunshine, r.

Stems white.

Symmetrical and stiff, resembling the "Tudor Rose,"the stigma green, anthers brown;

pods 3 in., on curved stems.

"The bluishyellow columbine, 8 to 16 inches high, has few flowers, each under 2 in.

long; the lemonyellow species has flowers lemonyellow, sometimes tinged with scarlet. See

footnote under red columbine.

40 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Name Average Height Leaves, Stem Flotvers

Yellow Bee Plant. 8 to 20 in.: 5 or 3 -parted; Bright yellow,

Cleome aurea. smooth, branched. lobes linear. (red), r.

Silverwced. Spreading by All from root; Yellow,

Argentina anserina. runners; silvery. leaflets 7-21. solitary, r.

Silky cinquefoil. 12 to 18 in.; In clumps, long Yellow, like

Potentilla stems stout, stalks, 5-7 leafwild rose; over

pinnatisecta. reddish; root lets cleft into J/2 in. wide. r.

Foilage silvery gray. woody. oblong lobes.

Meadow cinquefoil. Spreading, Leaflets 9-17, Yellow;

r.Potentilla plattensis. 4 to 8 ins. tall. oblong, deepcut. y4 in. wide.

Golden Pea. 1 to 2 feet; In threes; fls. Yellow;

p.Thermopsis fls. y4 in. long. in spike 3 to 6 in. pods silky,

montana.

Bottle Plant. Hollow stalks Rosette of lvs. Yellow, (white,

Erigonum inflatum. 2 ft. high; swollen, at base; pink.) r.

E. elatum, 18 in. bottle shape. stems bluish.

Sulphur Flowers. 1 ft.; stem downy, Rosette at base; Yellow in

a. Eriogonum Bakeri. reddish; lvs. gray. 4 near top. top cluster.

b. Eriogonum

umbellatum. 1 ft.; shrubby. Woolly below. Yellow cluster, r.

c. Eriogonum

subalpinum. 1 ft.; woody. Smooth above. Yellow cluster, r.

d. Eriogonum

flavum. 4 to 8 inches. Woolly white. Yellow cluster, r.

Blighted Flowers

Now the flow'rs are dull and drooping.

Struck by autumn's blighting cold;

So like men who, pale and stooping,

Lose their luster when they're old.

Now the poor flow'rs but remind us,

As they stand all stripped and bare,

How their beauty lured and charmed us,

Clothed with leaves and petals fair.

So those relics of proud manhood

Waken mem'rics of the past, When their forms, now frail and bent, stood

Straight and strong with noble cast.

Deep within the cheeks now faded

Lies a rose unknown, unseen;

Some day on that face so jaded

It will bloom and blush again.

Logan, Utah Samuel B. Mitton

When the Utes Invaded Utah By Gen. John Q. Cannon

The July number of the Era refers to lenly, to go back. After seeing them headwhat came perilously near being a cattleed eastward, and apparently persuaded that

menIndian war which could easily have the retreat movement would be carried out cost great loss of life and the destruction in good faith, Col. Lawton and his party

of the few and feeble white settlements in hastened back to Colorado, and Governor

Grand and San Juan counties. This was West returned to Salt Lake City.

in the late fall and early winter of 1894. A few days later, however, a second

Having had a modest part in averting delegation called on the Governor and asthat conflict, it has occurred to me that a serted that the Indians were still there in brief recital of the incident, as reflected even larger numbers than before; that their

1 in connection with promised retirement had only been a feint,in my own experiences it, might be of present interest. ending in a detour which brought them

It was a season of intense cold and deep into localities where the settlers would be snows. During several weeks I slept and at their mercy; and that they claimed they

ate and traveled in and upon and through had been authorized and even advised by an unending blanket of "the beautiful,"their agent to stay where they were, wherevarying in depth from a few inches in the fore they truculently refused to leave. Tellower valleys to three feet or more on the egraphically the agent denied all this, reiterhigh mesas, and from that to fifteen feet ating that his Indians were all on their

in the swales, and canyons. reservation and would stay there. It was

Utah was then a Territory, though with then that the Governor, as Commanderin- imminent prospects of being soon admitted chief of the Territory's forces, issued orders to the sisterhood of states. Caleb \V. West for George W. Gibbs and John Q. Cannon,

was Governor, and the National Guard had the former a captain of artillery, and the only recently been organized. The first latter a captain of cavalry, to proceed with

service required of the latter was in conall dispatch to the region affected, make a nection with the advent of the western personal examination to determine the division of the socalled Coxey's army—question of veracity thus raised, and collect

a bizarre industrial movement which, such information as should furnish material though interesting and at times exciting, for a presentation of the whole matter was never very serious. The Guard's secto Washington authorities. Our orders

ond service seemed likely to be against a were to discountenance anything that might more formidable Indians from tend to aggravate the situation or precipifoe—Ute

Colorado who, with flocks and herds in tate a conflict. We were merely to inlarge numbers, were trespassing upon the vestigate thoroughly, and make report of

this as speedily as thewinter grazing grounds of Utah cattlemen. actual findings—all

A delegation of citizens from that secnature of the duty and the existing condition waited upon Governor West and laid tions permitted. We did not wear unithe case before him, whereupon he proforms.

ceeded in person to Moab and Monticello The day after receiving these orders and held conference, not only with the we were in Moab on the south side of the leading men and the chiefs of the Indians, Grand (now called the Colorado) river;

but also with Col. Lawton U. S. A., in and at once began our inquiry. It being

command of the Federal troops in Coloreported that a small encampment of Inrado. The results of this conference apdians was in an almost inaccessible nook a

peared to be satisfactory. It was admitted few miles down the river, we proceeded

that the Indians had no business off their thither under the guidance of two cowboys, reservation, and they agreed, though sul- "Slick"Snell and John Robinson, both of 42 IMPROVEMENT ERA

whom claimed to have seen many of the This development confirmed the deciColorado Utes in their rangeriding and sion of Captain Gibbs and myself to separto have been threatened by them. Sure ate in order to cover the ground more exenough, we came upon the encampment peditiously before the spreading of the

comprising some half dozen lodges, whose alarm should hinder if not defeat our purprincipal personage appeared to be a onepose. Gibbs chose to investigate condilegged and partly educated native named tions to the west and southwest in the

Dave. He spoke good English, and under counties named. His party found comthe impression that we were prospectors, paratively little cause for complaint or corhe talked freely, giving us the number of rection. Most of the Indians he saw were

his own party, the size of their goat and recognized as belonging in the locality pony herds which we saw grazing on the small groups of socalled "renegades,"poor far side of the river, the location of other and mean in appearance and with few encampments which we might encounter animals. He soon returned to Moab, and

in our wanderings, concluding with the was awaiting me there when I returned.

positive statement that their agent in Col- I proceeded southward as far a9 Bluff orado had told them to drift over into City on the San Juan river, thence through

Utah in order that their livestock might and over the canyons and plateaus of the obtain the forage which, through oversoutheastern corner of the territory. My

grazing, their own reservation no longer route was much longer and immensely more afforded. difficult both as to terrain and to climatic

The interview ended, I unbuttoned my conditions. My companions were Wilford

blouse to consult my watch to see whether (Dick) Butt, sheriff of San Juan county, there was enough of daytime left to warand Holbert McClure, guide and interprerant a return to Moab that night. It was ter. The former was an absolutely fearless

an illconsidered gesture. Dave's eyes man, hardy, experienced and resourceful.

fastened upon my army belt and pistol, and The latter, a youngster, was a regular his suspicions instantly took the form of prizewinner in roping and riding, the best clamlike another word did allround cowboy, I think, I ever saw. silence-—not

we get out of him. But that was not the I was told that his mother was a Ute

worst. We were soon to learn that, travel squaw, his father the storekeeper at the

we rode Indian agency in Colorado, where the boy as rapidly as we might—and

strong, grainfed news of our was born, and where he naturally came horses—the

presence and the nature of our inquiries to know personally all the Indians who had preceded us, and we found the transbelonged there. Some of those whom we

ients uncommunicative and guileful. Only found in our combing of the rugged region

a few hours later, on arriving at Monticello, might have fooled Butt and myself with sixty miles away, the storekeeper told me their claim to a lawful habitat in Utah;

he had heard his Indian customers talking but there was no getting past McClure with mysteriously about a "Mericat Capitain"prevarication. He knew the individuals by

who was in their midst fishing for inforname and they knew him, so they apmation. It was a convincing demonstraparently concluded that "the least said, the

tion of the uncanny aboriginal faculty for soonest mended,"and that they might as transmitting news. I do not pretend to well first as last stand up and be counted.

say they employed telepathy, "underground We encountered our first deep snow on telegraph"or any other of the mental or the mesa below the Blue Mountains, where physical means of communication more or the Carlyle Ranch and the town of Montiless recognized by civilized man. I only cello were situated. There was nearly two

record the fact, leaving the method unfeet of it, and trails along the streets, for explained, and merely observing that it visits to store and post office, and for appeared to me impossible for the swiftest children going to school, had been made of couriers, afoot or mounted, to have carby trailing a bunch of cattle in winding ried the warning so far and disseminated file through the main thoroughfare. The

it so thoroughly as was found to be the chiefs, Ignacio, Colorow, Marcana and case. others, who had attended the Governor's

43 WHEN THE UTES INVADED UTAH

conference a fortnight before, and had toothed combs figured in the deal.) There

agreed to return at once to their reservation, was no use trying to hurry her or force had been in Monticello the day before my upon her anything she did not want, nor arrival but had now vanished. I found, would any success have attended the effort

however, many of their followers still there to induce her to trade in two or more and in the these were interbuckskins at once. To her untutored vicinity—and

viewed and counted, besides estimating the mind, anything beyond the most primitive number of their livestock. Some of them arithmetical processes was a delusion and a

intimated an intention of going back to white man's snare.

Colorado but not until "they got good and As we proceeded south toward the San ready,"as the interpreter phrased it. Juan river the depth of snow gradually diIn the Monticello store I had an illustraminished until at Bluff City it had all

tion of the Indian manner of trading. disappeared, the weather being unseasonTheir sole medium of exchange seemed to ably warm. The day after our arrival

be buckskins, of which each family of there, however, a heavy snow storm set in.

purchasers had a goodly number lying in It was a beautiful flakes being, sight—the

a heap at their feet or in a sack upon in Dick Butt's opinion, as "big as a straw which they kept vigilant watch. The hat,"though McClure thought they were

trading was done principally by the squaws, only about the size of a dinner plate. They

and the white man's side of the negotiations melted as they fell, leaving the ground a was certainly a test of patience. The soupy morass, and making havoc with the

native woman would produce one skin at household interiors where dependence had a time, which the storekeeper spread out been placed upon dirt roofs. I was the

upon the counter, examining it for bullet dinner guest of the good bishop of the setholes or knife cuts, after tlement, and the table equipment consisted which—perhaps

would indicate by a show of fingers points to catch the muddy drip from above.takingit—he the additional precaution to weigh largely of wide milk pans placed at strategic

how much he was willing to pay. If the But there was still room on the broad

figure was acceptable, the squaw pushed board for an abundant spread of wholethe skin out of her way and proceeded to some, wellcooked and most palatable vispecify the various articles she wanted in ands. The host's comely and vivacious

exchange. These consisted nearly alway daughters had the good taste to omit

of a small supply of tobacco, a scoopful apologies for the weren't reroof—they

of flour, two or three yards of brightsponsible for the unprecedented storm; but

colored calico, ten or fifteen cents worth they failed not in their service of hot of sugar, etc., until the storekeeper biscuits with homemade butter, an oft

signified that her capital was exhausted; filled platter piled high with stewed chickwhereupn the counter would be cleared en surrounded with vegetable accessories,

off; the purchaser placing her parcels in not to enumerate the pies, cakes, preserves

her pack the merchant tossing his buckskin and other sweets which completed the feast under the counter. Then the former and testified eloquently of their housewould produce another buckskin, and exwifery. To the enjoyment of the repast

actly the same procedure would be repeateverybody brought a wellwhetted appetite;

ed, the buyer investing in precisely the and if, before we dispersed, all were extersame goods and to the same amount or nally fairly wellwetted, the elision of the quantity. Thus at the end of the transac- "h"is so often silent anyaspirate—which

added to the general merriment.tion-—which usually required the better way—only

part of half a day for each During the twentyfour hours stay in purchaser—the

storekeeper would have all her buckskins Bluff, conferences were held with Stake and she would have perhaps a dozen pieces President F. A. Hammond, Kumen Jones,

of the same kind of calico, a dozen little Lemuel Redd and others, whose acquaintparcels of flour and sugar, and tobacco, ance with the Indian situation, and whose etc., in like proportion. (I did not notice attitude of patience and sympathy with the

that any soap, scrubbing brushes or fineaborigines were gratefully noted. I was

44 IMPROVEMENT ERA

also given a sample of crude bottom. From the stores within the cave oil—seepage

sample I brought to Salt bacon, from the surplus fat of which, with away—whichfrom the base of the bluffs a few miles we brought forth twice daily a pan of

Lake City and placed with suitable exthe addition of a handful of flour, the cook planations in the Chamber of Commerce. manufactured a good quality of oldfash-

So far as I am aware, this was the first ioned "'Mormon'gravy."His biscuits,

public intimation of the existence of this mixed and kneaded in the top of a flourgreat resource within the confines of the sack, were not conspicuously light, but they commonwealth. "stayed with you;"and upon this ration

Striking out now in an easterly and bacon and lived and thrived biscuits—we

northerly direction from Bluff into the during the many days that elapsed before rough and broken country toward the we returned to the settlements. The sherColorado line, we took leave of civilizaiff officiated as cook, the guide wrangled

tion and of comfort. There were no roads the horses, and I, as the privileged member

or least none were visible owing ol the party, gave the dishes such occasional trails—at

to the deep snow. We traversed the secwashing a9 they received. We joined in

tions represented by the names Horse Canmaking the one bed in which the three of yon, St. Elmo, Cross Canyon, Montezuma us first preparation for which slept—the

and Ruin Canyons, etc., seeing scores was the tramping and smoothing down the

of the curious little walledup caves in the snow in a fresh place each night.

face of the cliffs, high above the floor of In scouring this labyrinthine region, we 'the valleys, and seemingly accessible only by found scores of trespassing Indiana whom ladders from the rim of the mesa above. we duly identified and counted. They

The guide was not certain whether these were generally fat and contented, having were originally designed for tombs, or for recently drawn supplies from the agency.

granaries, or for places of had With their animals the case was quite refuge—he

explored some of them which apparently different. There was simply nothing for

had not been able to had served each of these purposes. At any them to eat—they

rate they were evidence of an ancient popuget far enough into Utah to reach the lation far more numerous than the present valleys and the plateaus where the white conditions of the country would appear to sage wa9 abundant, and which, when once warrant. Occasionally we met men who, touched by frost, makes excellent forage.

while posing as range riders, were shifty The consequence was their livestock were and furtive in probably dying by hundreds. In onehalf day's ride behavior—outlaws

whom it would have been impolite to quesover toward the Colorado boundary I tion too closely as to name, headquarters counted no less than sixty ponies which had and vocation. When we came upon one perished on the trail. It was on this day,

of these worthies unexpectedly, his first when within three or four miles of the line, movement was toward his pistol; but I do that a couple of young bucks, muffled up

not recall that in any instance he went so like Eskimos, brought me a verbal invifar as to "draw."As we asked them very tation from Dave Day, the Indian agent,

little, and they volunteered even less, they to ride across the line for an interview. Ol

probably told us no lies. The bonafide course I declined, sending back word that

cowboys, however, recognizing our busithough his ideas seemed to be quite loose ness as calculated for their benefit, could and hazy as to keeping on his own resnot do too much to assist us. ervation, I knew enough not to get off

We fixed our base for several days while mine.

scouting in this rugged region at a large This man Day was an odd character.

cave well stocked with supplies belonging Reference was made in the July number of to the Cross Canyon cattle outfit. There the Era to his paper, The Solid Muldoon.

was no rough forage for our horses and He wielded a vitriolic pen, jabbed it merpack animals, but plenty of grain; for the cilessly into those who excited his displeasformer a substitute was found in the wilure, and apparently had no sense of fear.

lows and small cottonwoods along the creek In those semilawless days and among a 4:3 WHEN THE UTES INVADED UTAH

constituency where such a man assumed to out of Montezuma canyon, through snow be a law unto himself, the wonder was that which increased in depth as we reached the

Day had escapd so long a violent death. higher altitude, and almost crushed at times

Yet he had an extensive circle of friends, by young avalanches which descended upon who hailed him as a good fellow, and he us in great masses from the trees bordering possessed many likable qualities. Through the'trail, we attained about dark the mesa,

some influence he had secured the position which lay cold and white in the starlight.

of Indian agent, and it was suspected that For many days past we had been flounby way of compensation for the influence dering without interruption through snow thus employed, and in the interest of a which reached to our stirrups; but by comgroup of Colorado land jumpers and boomparison with what we now faced, all that

ers, he had instigated this migration of had gone before seemed a pastime. During

his dusky wards to Utah. these last few miles we took turns riding

Day after day, from early morning till ahead and breaking trail, often having to dark, we prosecuted our search and indismount to wallow ahead so that the quiries, finding plenty of evidence to suphorses could get through, and frequently port the statements made by the citizens'having to come back and make a trail of committee to Governor West, and to justify double width, in order to afford a passage their fears. At length, however, we defor the pack animals whose burdens

tected signs of a general retreat movement dragged heavily through the snow on both on the part of the intruders, and by the sides. When we arrived at the sheriff's

time we left that region, they were all on home about midnight, his blazing fireplace their way back home, if not in full flight, welcomed three horsemen whose exhausat least making such progress as the deep tion was complete, and his stable gave snow and the weakened condition of their shelter to five horses in which there was animals permitted. Personally, I regarded not a hundred yards of further travel left.

the savages, by reason of the advice undet Early morning, I was waited upon by which they were acting, as more sinned the late Ben to beHeywood—afterwards

against than sinning; and when I saw the come United States marshal for Utah,

pitiful conditions under which they were who was financing a prospecting operation scurrying homeward, I could entertain no in the Blue Mountains, at the foot of whose feeling other than sympathy for them. Of lofty peaks the village nestles. He ofcourse, this softness of heart did not prefered me a fresh mount and his companionvent our fulfilling to the best of our ability ship as far as Monticello, which were

the duty assigned to us. Whenever we gladly accepted. Taking leave of my two

came upon an few or recent associates, their services being no encampment—of

many tepees—ourhastily—and procedure was to ride longer needed* we set out in a heavy

the midst of it, dismount instantly, snowy depth already covering the plain.—into it now seems to me, recklessly, storm which hourly added inches to the

and without ceremony enter the various The two towns are only a few miles apart, lodges, and begin our censustaking. Oftenbut seven hours were consumed in covertimes we were met with ugly looks and ing them. Ben was a giant in stature and

naturally; but never was there any resiststrength, I am no pigmy, and our horses

ance, though on many occasions we could were large and stout; but at the end of

have been easily overpowered. I have the journey, after bucking snow in many

since wondered how many groups of white places up to our armpits, we all felt like marauders under similar circumstances calling it a full day. In Monticello I

would have manifested as much forbeargathered up a little more information, reance! assured the settlers with the news that the

Our mission being now accomplished, Indians were now homeward bound, and we turned our faces again in the direction hastened to Moab, where I rejoined Captain of the white settlements. The last day's Gibbs. The night before our departure for

ride before reaching the little town of the station where we were to take train

Verdure I shall never forget. Climbing for Salt Lake City, a dance was given in

46 IMPROVEMENT ERA

our honor in a large vacant log house "Robbers'Roost"gang a few years later.

which served as the amusement center of This was after Utah attained statehood, the town. Sartorial simplicity marked when I was consulted by the Governor as

ihc costume being riding 10 the most effective method for breaking occasion—our

breeches, leggings and hunting coats, while up this band of renegades, some of them the natives were not more stylishly clad, desperadoes of a thoroughly lawless type.

except for the addition of spurs in par- I made inquiries at that time concerning ticularly dudish instances. All went merry the causes of McClure's downfall, and

as a marriage bell, until a bit of momentary became satisfied that though as a fugitive gunplay occurred, when one gentleman from justice he had cast his lot with the thought another gentleman was dancing too outlaws, the offense for which he had fled often with the first gentleman's lady. Some the abode of civilization was one that

lights went out, and there were certain would have brought him slight punishexits partaking more of haste than of ment, if any at all, had he permitted the dignity; but there were no casualties. law to take its course. In short, I was

Next morning we drove to Thompson assured by those who said they knew that,

Springs on the main line of the D. & R. G. though he had seriously wounded a man in

W., and by midnight we were again in a pistol battle, he could well have set up

Salt Lake. This was toward the end of the claim of selfdefense. My informants

January, 1895. Portions of our report, declared that the only thing which could

which we immediately prepared, accomhave prevented his acquittal was the prompanied by a map covering the route of inence and influence of friends of his anthe "expedition,"the location of the varitagonist; and that rather than face their

ous Indian encampments with the number retaliation and vengeance he chose to accept of souls in each one, a total of nearly the welcome which the robbers'haunts ofthree hundred, was telegraphed to Washfered. Knowing the devotion to me—for

ington, the full report being sent by mail. I firmly believe he would have given his

The result was the immediate dismissal life had it been necessary to save mine—

of Mr. Dave Day as Indian agent, with am not ashamd to say that, despite the

something like a reprimand for the military fact of his outlawry with a price upon his and other officials in Colorado, who head, I should have offered him, had he were found to have had cognizance of come to me in his need, the best horse in the invasion, but had not been sufficiently my stable, and no questions asked.

energetic in preventing it, or remedying it There have been at least two slightly after it occurred. Fortunately there had serious Indian outbreaks in the regions

been no bloodshed; and while there had here described since the invasion herein

been much angry talk on both sides, with referred to; but these instances were local

many threatening gestures, a sense of securin character and had no interstate signifiity was quickly restored and affairs soon cance. Old Poke, Posey and some others

were pursuing once more their accustomed among the "renegades"of the earlier day and uneventful course. are understood to have had a hand in these

In closing, it will perhaps not be inaplater disturbances, with the full details propriate to say that many of those with of which I am not familiar. They were

whom I had pleasant associations during soon suppressed, however; and the two

those severe weeks have passed away southwestern counties are today regarded

Sheriff Butt, Prest. Hammond, Ben Hayas equally secure for settlement and civwood, Lem Redd and others"; also that the ilization as any other part of the state. Even

principal men among the trespassing red the Robbers'Roosters have disappeared men, Ignacio, Mariane, etc., have long from the scene; leaving nothing but a

since gone to their happy hunting grounds. romantic memory; while of menace or inWhether Holbert McClure still survives I jury from our redskinned neighbors on

do not know. I'have the unhappy recolthe other side of the Colorado line there

lection of seeing a reward offered for his has been no repetition and there remains capture as a member of the notorious no trace.

The Cycle of Shirt Sleeves By Ezra J. Poulsen

Mr. William Gilbert Smith spoke comveloped the finest chain of retail drug emplacently to young Gilbert Ray, "Son, poriums in the West. Now he hoped to

I'm going to shuffle the business over to pass his achievement on to his son for you, and stretch my old legs for a long the next lap in the great relay. Still he

rest. You have youth, training, and the had misgivings. He slid down on the

reliable Smith pugnacity. I have cushioned seat, drawing his light top coat I—well,

enough cash to keep me, and a carcass full over his broad chest, while he studied the of tired bones; to say nothing of rheumaclean face and broad, sinewy shoulders

tism, hardened arteries, and a loss of inof the young man beside him, and wonterest, besides a number of other good dered if modern youth could stand the reasons for retiring."strain as he had done.

"Wow, Dad, that's startling!"replied "Dad,"spoke up Gilbert Ray seriously.

the handsome junior, as he stepped on the "I'm going, to buckle down now, and gas and sent his chromeyellow speedster work like a Trojan. Honest injun, Dad.

down the boulevard at sixty miles an no fooling."

hour, in the direction of drug store numThis declaration of purpose was as muber fifteen of the famous Smith chain. sic to the ears of the business man. He

Mr. William Gilbert Smith held his hat had waited through four uncertain years

and his breath, as a silent tribute to his for his son to wear off a rather prolonged son's demoniac driving. He gloried in boyhood, and the sporting proclivities

Gillie's nerve, but prayed for a milder manifested during a college course. He

speed. "Slow down, son; slow down,"unbuttoned his top coat, with a sudden

he finally ordered. "You'll have us killed; conviction that the air was warmer, much

besides, it's foolish; not at all dignified for warmer. "Bravo, boy!"he cried joyously.

a man of affairs.""You couldn't have said anything more

Gilbert eased up. "That's the speed the sensible. I'll get more satisfaction seeing

younger Mr. Smith expects to put into you at the helm than I ever found in being

the business,"he laughed. there myself. Watching my son succeed

"Well, you'll have to use judgment as will be my favorite sport."

well as speed,"the father protested, a "I'll do my best. Dad; and I have a

trifle worried. number of ideas tucked up my sleeve that

will do the old business good."Chaste April blew her fragrant breath

into their faces, as they hummed along Smith, senior, leaned back on the upbetween rows of spacious bungalows, surholstery, with an air of perfect contentrounded by stenciled landscape artistry. Mr. ment, and began to unfold his dreams for

Smith, senior, grew contemplative on the his son's future. "What do you say,

subject of his son's future; and incidentGillie, to taking over active management

ally the sweep of his reflections reached at once?"he proposed tersely.

well back into his own past; for he loudly "Couldn't suit me better,"declared Gilimagined the two careers, his and the boy's, bert Ray, as he swung the car into the

were woven threads in the same fabric of alley at the rear of store number fifteen, circumstance. As a young man he had where the offices were located from which

started in his shirt sleeves, lifting the reexecutive orders were sent out to a string sponsibility of the village drug store from of similar establishments scattered across the shoulders of his sturdy old father; and a half dozen states.

by dauntless energy and patience, had deMr. Smith was elated over his son's

48 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ready acceptance of the new responsibility; pose. Finally, however, he turned his efand being a consistent believer in the fective gray eyes point blank on her until

scriptural injunction which cautions she fidgeted in discomfort, then spoke in against putting new wine in old bottles, a manner suggestive of the selfpossessed he decided at once against imposing his chief that he was: "It's about the boy.

methods on his successor. "I'll follow Gillie, I wanted to speak,"he said slowly.

strictly the policy of watchful waiting,"he Had he not dropped his gaze to the mused, as he sat alone in the office the melancholy rug at that moment, he would day after affairs had been formally turned have noticed a look of startled surprise over to Gilbert Ray. "The boy'U get a dart across her face. "Oh?"she exclaimed

few bumps, but in the end he'll succeed with a melodious rising inflection.

better than if he keeps sucking at the silver "Yes, you know he's a fine fellow,"spoon."continued the man obtusely. "And I'm

The retiring executive drummed hi9 turning the management over to him bethick fingers on the desk, and a vague cause I think he'll make a success of it."

emptiness depressed him, a subtle, shadowy Mr. Smith's voice was mellow with patersuggestion of age crept across his oval nal pride. "He's got only one weak point

face, making the wrinkles about his calm, strong men have weak points you—all

wide mouth a trifle deeper, and his ironknow. He's so full of enthusiasm and

gray hair perceptibly grayer. In the refight that he a possibility might—only

stricted light of the small office, cluttered to be a trifle too hasty somesure—be

by an assortment of nondescript filing times. We have a number of managers

cases and a big rolltop desk, Mr. Smith in our stores who are likely to resent an

appeared unusually large. Silently he abrupt attitude. So what I wanted to say,

rummaged through the whole gamut of his Dorothy, is this: In your secretarial caexperiences in search of material with pacity, and with your proved ability to

which to build up a bulwark of logic that write business correspondence that fits, you would support the wisdom of his promight find it necessary to pour oil on the vision for his son's future. waters occasionally if they get troubled.

He arose and paced the floor reminisSee what I mean? eh? See that nothing

cently. The boy would have all the adunusually rough gets by."

vantages he had had, and none of the The senior Mr. Smith leaned back in

disadvantages. There would be no nerve his chair and twitted his thumbs intension because of insufficient capital, no dustriously, while he waited confidently

unpleasant experiences due to lack of edufor her reply, which he took for granted cation. Gillie's career would be that of would be in the nature of her character-

a strong man in a strong place. He had istically eager willingness to carry out his

already explained this to the boy. Still, orders.

there was one detail that needed attention, However, he was disappointed. "I

a mere detail; and he was determined that you Mr. Smith for your con- I—thankeven this should not be neglected, so he fidence,"she faltered, turning her clear,

pressed the call button and waited. straightforward eyes upon him. "But

The secretary, Miss Dorothy Walters, aren't you asking a little too much? Your

a willowy brunette slip of a girl, blending son may not even retain me as his secre- a dainty coquettishness of form and mantary. her voice sank to an un- I—well,"

ner with an attractive air of business acucertain whisper. "I'm doubtful about my

men, entered the room, pad and pencil ability to do as you ask."

in hand prepared to take dictation, but "Oh, don't feel that way, my dear girl,"

Mr. Smith, for once, had no such object he pleaded. "We know you, and believe

in view. me, we value you too highly to let you

"Sit down, Dorothy,"he ordered go.".

abruptly. Then suddenly he seemed gropThe gold of a veiled sunset shone being for words, as if forgetful of hi9 purtween the tall buildings across the street,

THE CYCLE OF SHIRT SLEEVES 49

and framed her in the ethereal light of a friction doesn't pay in big business."Still,

solar tableau. She saw herself in a posithe worried secretary was not so sure. She

tion filled with possibilities for embarbit her sensitive lip in sheer vexation, and rassment; her womanly instincts told her turned away in despair with the latest

that matters might not go smoothly with communication of John Ralston, manager her as secretary to the impetuous young of store number thirtyfive at Rockyford,

Gilbert Ray; yet her loyalty to her old still in her hand.

employer was so fine that she could not For an hour after that she sat before refuse. "Well, I'll do the best I can,"her typewriter waiting for the inspiration

she promised after a pause. "Is that all, to write, but it never came. The man was

Mr. Smith?"incensed, and her employer refused to let

"That's all,"he chuckled rather tardily. her offer the concession demanded, and

After the girl had gone he dragged his which her womanly intuition interpreted hat from the mahogany rack by the door, as entirely correct for the occasion. Inand plodded stiffly from the room. Outdignantly she finally resolved to treat the

side, going down the stairs, his movements matter from a purely disinterested viewcontinued to be slow and heavy, as if it point, which was exactly what was exwere only with difficulty he could take pected of her; but her loyalty to old Mr.

himself away from the scene of his life's Smith was too great. Besides, she was

labors. "S'all settled,"he mumbled. interested in her young employer's suc-

"S'all settled."He broke into a feverish cess, and her own professional pride was

little laugh. "You're a pretty clever old involved as well.

fellow, W. G. Smith: you're a clever old "Oh, dear,"she sighed in helpless chaguy, eh? You've fixed the kid up just grin, while her limpid penciled lashes

right."grew moist, and a lump of bitterness perIt took Gilbert Ray five months by the sistently arose in her throat. Nervously

calendar, five years by the register of his she went to the small mirror, toyed with impatient nature, fairly to put into operathe light silken tresses of her hair, and tion the ideas he had tucked up his sleeve; smoothed the tiny streaks of worry from

and when this was all done the most cerher eyes. Thus occupied, the business

tain evidence of the change was an ultra woman became the subtle, fascinating femodern suite of offices in the latest conmale, weaving designs to catch the unsusstructed skyscraper, and the generally acpecting male; but after an adequate

claimed opinion that the second Mr. Smith interval, when she turned again to her

was a more liberal contributor to Chamberproblem, she was a severely plain and ofCommerce projects than his father had determined stenographer. Seizing the obbeen. noxious letter, she went back to the door

What was more important, however, of the inner office and tapped resolutely.

even if less evident, was the fact that Gilbert Ray suavely admitted her, and scattered across the wide stretches of Smith impressively drew a chair close to his desk, territory were a score of disgruntled manas though her call were his keenest delight.

agers, part owners in truth, who were This spontaneous consideration almost dissecretly or openly sweating under the armed her; but accepting his courtesy

collars, and saying harsh things. So it mechanically, she throttled her nerves, and

happened that Dorothy had to begin early went straight to the purpose.

to pour oil on the troubled waters. Gil- "I can't answer this in the manner you

bert Ray, though, was not perturbed. He desire,"she said firmly.

merely stretched his long legs under his "Why?"The young manager was

new goldenoak desk, and laughed exnot sure he understood her correctly, asperatingly. "Oh, they'll get in step all though the blood rushed to his face.

right, all right,"he predicted. "They "Why?"the second time. His voice grew

need a little pumice stone rubbed into a note sharper.

their necks to make 'em understand that She hastened to say, "Because John 50 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ralston is a part owner of the stores he But she had slipped back through the manages. He has always been allowed to glazed door into her own compartment,

decide many important matters for himleaving him alone. Her flight bore eviself, and now you want me to tell him dence of resulting from one of those swift,

he can't buy a simple case of medicine instinctive decisions that have to be acted unless you O. K. the order."Dorothy on at once or not at all. Outside he heard

spoke with feeling; a wistful smile played her gathering her simple belongings; then

upon her lips, and altogether her charmpresently the outer door slammed, and he ing personality added to the earnestness of knew, with a compelling sense of loss, her words. that she had gone and would not return.

Gilbert Ray, however, was too irritated "Confound me for a fool!"he muttered

to be swayed by the girl's personal attracdisgustedly, "I was too rough, too rough.

tion. At first he stared at her speechless, But then, women are so sentimental."

then threw himself violently back in his Shortly it became clear to all that the chair. "Great guns, Dorothy,"he exyoung holder of the Smith property was

ploded, "you think I'm unwise and ungoing to rule with an iron hand. Gilbert

just! Why, confound it, I'm running this Ray formally notified the managers in his

business. These old fossils think because father's ramshackle organization that it

they own a few shares, and could soft was time to make some important changes;

soap Dad, they can do with me as they and accordingly he set the date for a meetplease. I'll show 'em. We have a raming. Later, when the outof-town memshackle organization that must be cobers of the firm began to register at the

ordinated and centralized, and, by Jove, local hotels, he called on them one by one,

I'm going to do it."and sought to impress them with his comThe secretary felt unable to combat pelling personality. At least Gilbert

such an outbreak of masculine determinathought he could be both impressive and tion. "Oh,"she murmured tremulously. compelling. The truth is the new chief

Her voice had been pitched for an exclamaexecutive was regarded by the former assotion, but it treacherously produced an ciates of his father as a reasonably good apology. Her cheeks burned with mortiboy, but one who suffered the usual infication, and she hated herself for substability resulting from overindulgence.

mitting. "Forgive me, Mr. Smith,"she After Gilbert in his capacity as president

pleaded simply. "I'm not seeking to advise had called the meeting to order, he quickly,

you."and let it be said effectively, reviewed his

Instantly Gilbert Ray repented in sackpurpose in bringing them together. It had

cloth and ashes. The sight of Dorothy's come time for an important reorganization,

distressed face, earnest, loyal, beautiful, the plan of which, as he carefully exmade him feel like a cad. Before he plained, consisted in substituting a corcould frame his next sentence, however, poration for the present loose, disjointed

she spoke again, this time straight from the series of partnerships. After calling for

abundance of her woman's heart. "Your a discussion he sat down. Then ensued

theories are probably right, but you are dull silence. He had already won to his

making a mistake in your men, Mr. cause a goodly number of the younger men.

Smith: I fear it will cost you dearly, but enough he was sure to leaven the rest.

sincerely hope it won't. It's not your Now he waited for them to express themsecretary speaking now,"she explained selves, but the minutes dragged, and no

with a strange little click in her voice, one arose. The situation became embar-

"It's just Dorothy Walters. Your secrerassing. At last a grayhaired man arose.

tary has resigned.""Men,"he said bluntly, after a prolonged

By this time he was his boyish self period of selfconscious blinking, "I guess again, begging a thousand pardons. I'm a bit oldfashioned, but I don't want

"Really, Dorothy, no; don't do that: we to go into a corporation; I want to get need you; we—out instead of getting farther in. so if it's

THE CYCLE OF SHIRT SLEEVES 51

all right with Mr. Smith, I'll offer him a state of mind, the young man wrote a letcash settlement for his share of the stores ter to his father, but the letter was never

I'm interested in."sent. His pride interfered at the last moGilbert Ray grew red in the face as he ment. Then, to relieve his feelings, he

recognized Ralston, the troublesome John banged the drawers of his desk shut, obRalston. He had hoped he would not hear tained his car and sped out on the long,

from him at all. "The Smith interests are smooth highways of brown October.

not for sale,"he answered positively. The breeze cooled his throbbing temples,

Rataton was slightly shaken, but he and the vibration of his powerful motor patiently held his position. generated new vitality in him, while he "But—but

there's a clause in the articles of agreeabsorbed the beauties of gorgeous poplar, ment between your father and me, which sycamore, and catalpa trees, over which gives me the right to buy out his interest spread magnificent stretches of asure sky.

in case I become dissatisfied. I am now At the park he whirled into the central

very much dissatisfied,"he declared. driveway, still in doubt as to which direc-

"What about?"Gilbert Ray was intion he should take. For the lack of

stantly on his feet. more definite purpose, he halted at the

Ralston explained how it was, and was zoo, and idly watched the bears.

supported by several others, who claimed Presently he was startled by the sound similar concessions. The older Mr. Smith of a melodious feminine voice voice,—a

had evidently been liberal, on the theory that spoke his name. He turned quickly

that better cooperation is obtained by to the pressing crowd back of him, and loyalty than by force, hence he had made found himself gazing into the luminous it possible for disgruntled partners to face of Dorothy Walters'.

withdraw. "Why, hello,"he greeted diffidently.

The discussion became lively at once, Then acting entirely without respect for and Ralston's idea proved to be tremendconvention, he shook her soft hand, holdously popular. Many who had never ing it longer than was necessary in his

thought of pulling away from the organdelight.

ization before now became exceedingly Dorothy was saucily attired in a dainty ambitious. However, after several speeches mandarin slipover blouse, and plaid skirt,

were made by the younger members of the together with a brown and orange wool firm, showing the advantages of a corthrow and a cap to match. She wasas

porate organization, a vote by secret ballot delightfully gay and colorful as newly was called, and Smith lost by a substantial blown autumn leaves.

majority. Gilbert Ray was in the right mood to

"A motion for adjournment is in be subject to strong and unexplainable order,"growled Gilbert Ray in despair. impulses. "Dorothy, please come over

The young man faced the new situaand get into my car,"he pleaded, and tion courageously. He insisted that they heedless of her halfstartled protest, he led

eventually would see things his way. Beher to the waiting machine; and in a mofore three weeks had passed, however, the ment, his heart thumping irregularly, he

weakness of his position was impressed was speeding from the park with the upon him. His managers, with scarcely astonished girl beside him.

an exception, signified their desire to withAs the undulating miles crawled under draw, and Gilbert's lawyers assured him his car, and the houses were replaced by that he could do nothing to prevent it. soggy meadows and clumps of flaming

His only course was to accept their payscrub oak, Gilbert Ray found it once more ments and let them go their way. The within his power to think clearly. He becompany which had been built and maingan to reflect on the exact status of his

tained by the father was falling to pieces business. It was neither good nor bad. he

under the direction of the son. In this concluded; it was simply nonexistent,

52 IMPROVEMENT ERA sold out in fact. He had suddenly been sorrowfully. "I-—I wanted to see you

transformed from a hustling young busimake a great success of it."

ness man to a gentleman of leisure with a "Did you?"he asked with feeling,

rather large bank account. What would "Why?"

the governor say? One thing was cer- "Why? Because your father wanted so

tain; he would have to find some way of much to see it,"she replied demurely.

redeeming himself in the eyes of his father. "No other reason?"eagerly.

Meanwhile he faced the problem of she kept her face care- "Well—yes;"

being agreeable to his companion. It was fully turned away from him. like "I—I

unusually hard. His first impulse was to to see people succeed."

start where he had shopped the day she He was strangely fascinated in his dishad quit his employ, but he wisely deappointment? "It was my own fault."

sisted. "Do you often go to the park?"he declared repentantly. "If I had listened

he quizzed. to you, everything would have been all

"Not often. Do you often watch the right."Then he explained the whole

bears?"she countered. situation. They had reached Blue Lake

Then there was a long pause during by the time he had finished, and thoughtwhich Gilbert wondered whether she was fully they watched a fleet of belated pleasglad or sorry that he was no longer her ure boats floating like painted shells on employer. For some reason, not easily exthe ruffled water.

plained, he was glad he was not. A delightful haven of beauty is Blue

"Those hills are beautiful in the afterLake; hence they were absorbed by sight

noon sunlight,"she murmured apand sound of wind on water, sunshine and preciatively. shadow, and hills dressed in leathern garbs.

"Beautiful!"he echoed, paying more all of which were perfectly enchanting.

attention to the contour of her face. Gilbert Ray, thus enticed, forgot his busiThere was another long and painful ness failure, and Dorothy, true to her imsilence during which they reached the last pressionable nature, gazed intently toward

enticing curve of the smooth drive, and the farthest horizon, but her vision exwere veering down to the river road that tended farther than mere visible distance, leads to Blue Lake and circles back to farther than the obscurest detail of earth or the city by way of Cassidy hot springs. sky. It surpassed realms physical; it was

"I know you've something to ask me,"spiritual.

Gilbert Ray demanded grimly! "Why "Mr. Smith,"she turned to him with a

don't you do it?"sudden intensity, born of deep feeling.

"But I'm not going to ask you any- "I'm sorry your partners were so eager to thing,"she laughed uneasily. desert you."

"Oh, please do,"he coaxed. "Thanks,"he replied dryly, as he

She let her eyes travel appreciatively started the car on the swing back to town.

along the miles of crimsontinted moun- "Still, if it were not for the fact that it tains across the valley, then turned her will break Dad's heart, I'd say good face daringly to him. "Well, if you riddance."

insist."she said whimsically. "How are "Oh, how can you?"she protested. 'I

you getting along with the business, Mr. have more love for the standing of the

Smith?"firm than that."

"Even worse than you suspect,"he He glanced into her eyes, then at the retorted. water, and thought there was something of

They both laughed, but Dorothy imheaven in both.

mediately checked herself, and looked The steering wheel required Gilbert seriously ahead, though she said nothing Ray's close attention during the next mile, until they had glided over a mile of paveand he struggled with an emotional comment. "That's too bad,"she reflected plex, the like of which he had never beTHE CYCLE OF SHIRT SLEEVES 53

fore experienced; then on the brink of a cept your suggestion with all my heart.

great realization, he turned his serious face Will you let me add to it?"

to her. he whis- "Of course; add away.""Dorothy—Dorothy,"

pered, "that was not the kind of partner- "We'll save our profits and when we ship for me. It was too big, too loose. get enough money, we'll buy another store,

I only want one want you,"then another, and finally a whole string of partner—I

"Oh, Mr. Smith,"she gasped, her them, as Dad did, save that we'll have no

cheeks glowing like the evening sky, John Ralstons."

"why, I couldn't be your partner. You "Gillie, ours will be the only kind of a

wouldn't take a suggestion from poor partnership that's successful,"she replied little me."Her voice, seemingly severe at happily.

first, shaded off into something approachThat night Gilbert Ray sent the foling acquiescence. lowing telegram to his father:

"I wouldn't, but I will,"he declared, "Dear Dad:then drew her close to him with a courage

"Business has gone to the dogs; money'sthat was quite like himself. "I'm open to

suggestions now, dear,"he added very in bank to your credit; am buying some

work shirts; expect to start in shirt sleevesmuch in earnest.

"I have one to offer,"she returned as you did; have eloped with your secresweetly, after a moment of silence. "Turn tary."

every dollar of your father's capital back As quickly as it could be sent back to him; then we'll raise enough to start over the wires, he received this reply:

a store of our own, just a tiny one on a corner, where we can sell ice cream, soda, "Dear Son:

and red hots as a side line.""Ralston has informed me of affairs at

Gilbert Ray in his exuberance of newhome; you are a confounded idiot; get

ly found enthusiasm, fed his machine all some durable shirts with large necks; elopis the only sensibkthe gas it would take, the girl had to reing with my secretary

primand him for bending the speed laws. thing you've done so far.

"Dorothy."he murmured, when he again "Lovingly,

became normal, "you are a wonder; I ac- "Dad."

Your Eyes

I love your eyes, that softly look in mine,

They hold for me sweet messages divine;

They lift me up, from dark, despairing hours.

Reminding me of sunshine, stars and flowers.

And should those eyes, so sparkling now with life,

Close, to shut in the angel we call "Death,"

May that sweet hope, and faith, and loving trust

Still guide me on, that I again may see

Your shining eyes, in God's eternity.

Midvale, Utah Laura Bateman Messages from the Missions

The French Mission By President Ernest C. Rossiter

The French mission had its beginChurch was established among the ning in the year 1850, when John French people.

Taylor, who afterwards became presiOn the 2nd of December, 1850, the dent of the Church, arrived in Paris, day following the first baptism, the in company with Elder Curtis E. translation of the Book of Mormon

Bolton. It was in was commenced.

the center of this Shortly afterwards great metropolitan the Voice of city that they were Warning and Docguided by the trine and CoveSpirit of the Lord nants were transto the home of Mr. lated by Brother

L. A. Bertrand, a Bertrand.

man of wide expeAfter having rience and of profinished the transfound learning. lation of the three

The Lord had books, Brother needed a man of Bertrand sailed for his ability to asthe land of Zion, sist in establishing where he remained the work in the for several years,

French nation. At becoming better

first he disputed acquainted with stubbornly, but the doctrines of the soon all the quesnewly restored tions and all the truths. In 1859,

objections with President Brigham which he opposed Young sent a letthe elders were ter to Brother Bermade clear, or suctrand calling him cessfully refuted to to proceed to his entire satisfacFrance to take up tion. After three his labors as presimonths of earnest dent of that misstudy and reflecsion.

tion the Lord rePRESIDENT ERNEST C. ROSSITER Under the able

vealed the divinity direction of Presiof their mission to him. dent Bertrand, many conversions were

On December 1, 1850, John Taylor made in France. Switzerland and Belbaptized five souls at the He Saintgium. The people of Geneva, LausOuen, Paris, Mr. Bertrand being anne, Neuchatel and La Chaux de

among those to receive this divine ordiFonds were quick to recognize the nance. The same day they were contruth of the beautiful message that

firmed. Thus it was that the restored the missionaries carried to them. Manv

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 55

wonderful manifestations were enjoyed ident, with headquarters at Geneva.

by the converts in those cities in direct Switzerland. In this capacity Presifulfillment of the promise given by the dent Blood labored with ability.

Lord to all who would obey his mesOn August 30, 1925, he was sucsengers. ceeded by the writer, who had previAmong the many converts of French ously labored as a missionary in BelSwitzerland was Brother Ballif, born gium from 1904 to 1907, also as

at Lausanne, and reared in the Protespresident of the Tihitian mission from tant school of theology. Prior to his 1915 to 1920.

conversion he was a sincerely devoted

Since its last organization, theProtestant minister. Shortly after his

French mission has grown until it isbaptism he emigrated to Utah, but subnow in a prosperous condition. Theresequently returned to Switzerland as a

are fiftytwo elders working in twenmissionary. The devoted work acty-two cities, which are organized intocomplished by Elder Ballif was farfive districts, three of which are inreaching. Many of his descendants France, one in Belgium and one inhave returned to this land as ambassaSwitzerland. Sunday Schools, Reliefdors of the Church of God, and even Societies and Mutual Improvement Astoday we have one of his progeny sociations are organized in sixteen oflaboring in France. Serge F. Ballif, these cities.

twice mission president of the SwissGerman mission was of his posterity. In commemoration of the one hundredth anniversary of the delivery of Several very faithful attempts have

been made in France to establish a perthe plates to the Prophet Joseph Smith, manent foundation of the Church, but a pageant and illustrated lectures on giventhe harvest has not been of an enthe Book of Mormon were couraging nature. Many of these, throughout the mission. This rehowever, who were converted remained sulted in an increase of the sales of this

book. It also made many friends, asfaithful. Because of the nonresponse

of souls there, it was deemed advisable well as allaying much prejudice. Manv

by the inspired authorities of the favorable press articles appeared in cities.Church to abandon the territory for a newspapers of the different

season. Subsequently the missionaries We have, under construction, two

were recalled, and placed in Belgium chapels, one in Liege, the other in and Swiss Romand, where the harvest Seraing, Belgium. This is the first

had been more gratifying. The branchproperty to be acquired by the Church

es have steadily increased in number in the mission. Paris has only recently

in those two nations until now the been opened for missionary work. The

many faithful adherents are of such a one peculiarity noted in this wondernumber as to command recognition, ful city is that our missionaries find it and their fruits are readily recognizalmost impossible to get past the conable. The Spirit of the Lord is made cierge who has control of all apartments

abundantly manifest and they all bear in the building. We have, therefore,

testimony of the truth of the latterday had large posters printed and pasted work. them up throughout the city. This

It was on December 26, 1924, that has resulted in bringing a number of

President David O. McKay, of the investigators to our meetings.

European mission, organized France, In many of our branches we are givBelgium, and the French part of Switing English classes which are open to zerland into a separate unit, thus the all. Many young people have been

French mission was reborn. Russell attracted to them, some of whom are

H. Blood, then secretary of the Euroattending our Sunday services. From

pean mission was chosen mission presyoung men who attend these classes, 56 IMPROVEMENT ERA

we have been able to start Boy Scout thought that to convert a real Frenchorganizations. man was a thing impossible, but toWe have a splendid body of humble day we have many of that blood who

missionaries who are working faithhave embraced the Gospel and are fully for the progress of the Lord's among our most faithful members.

work, and the salvation of the FrenchOur missionaries are speaking very speaking people. good French, and often it becomes

The progress which is now being difficult for the natives to detect that made in France is far greater than was they are not one of their own counexpected. We have high hope of the trymen. We are making special effort

future progress of the French mission. to teach our elders the importance of

a French accent or at leastWe love the Frenchspeaking people, acquiring and are deeply interested in their salto approach it as near as possible. Hapvation. pily this has resulted in much improveDuring the past three years the exment. Any student of French who

pansion of the mission has largely been wishes to perfect his knowledge of the in France. Some of the cities which language, and prepare himself for a

have been opened up have made wonbetter future, could well afford to come derful progress. Heretofore it has been to France as a missionary.

The Australian Mission By President Charles H. Hyde

"Australia!"dominant, that the main products of

"Where is that?'the country are wheat, cattle, sheep and

"What kind of kangaroos. Aus-

a country is it?"tralia is a con-

"Are the people a mere tinent—not

white or black?"island, for it is as

"Do I have to large as the United learn another lanStates. It lies about

guage?"eight thousand

Such have been miles southwest of the questions San Francisco many an elder has where we take the asked when he reboat for a nineceived a call to go teenday journey.

to Australia on a Some one has said mission. And ofthat "If you realb

ten those to whom want to know the the questions were definition of the directed were but word eternity, just little better intake a trip from formed. So the San Francisco to

atlas was hunted Sydney. Australia:

up and it was and, further, to found that Ausunderstand the tralia is an English meaning of eternal possession, popupunishment, just lated almost entirebe sea sick all the ly by descendants way down."Of

of English people, course the journey that the English PRESIDENT AND SISTER CHARLES H. HYDE seems long, and

language is premany of the elders

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 57

"have never seen so much water in all harbors in the world. On each side of

their lives."the harbor are treecovered hills out of

But the journey is not without its which the redtiled roofs of the differinteresting features. For example: ent suburbs appear, forming a beauOur first stop is at Honolulu, about tiful contrast to the eye. Here are the

seven days out, and after finding our homes of the wellto-do people. Joy

land legs again, and overcoming the fills the heart at the beauty of the scene feeling that the land is trying to come and the thought that the long journey up and meet our feet, we take a look is at an end.

around the city, look up the mission About noon we are alongside the headquarters, where obliging elders are wharf and, looking down at the crowds kind enough to show us the attractions assembled, we see blackhatted and of that wonderful city. Then we emblack-clothed young men, who have

bark for another sevendays'journey. already picked us out and are endeavorWe cross the equator after about ing to attract our attention. We now

three days and usually are introduced realize that this is the rule in the Austo "King Neptune"and his court, then tralian strict uniformity in mission—aon to Samoa. We enter the harbor of dress. These elders welcome us at the

Pago Pago, beautiful hills, fern and wharf. We are conducted to the headflower-covered to the water's edge, quarters of the district, where we retowering on each side. It doesn't take ceive instructions and assignments

long to go over the city. There are the latter sometimes meaning another

many natives on the wharf offering trip by rail or boat as we may choose curios of the country, mainly their own for a distance of from 500 to nearly on again to Fiji, 3,000 miles.handiwork—then

entering the port of Suva. The mission is divided into six disHere the elders who are at all fatricts, each state forming a district.

miliar with the Book of Mormon New South Wales, with headquarters and the Lamanite people obtain a most at Sydney, has the largest population.

-valuable testimony to the effect that Sydney itself having more than 1,000, the people they meet in Suva are not 000 inhabitants. Victoria stands next.

those spoken of in that sacred record. Melbourne being the headquarters with

The physical distinctions between a population of more than 900,000.

them and those they have just left Queensland on the north has an area are so marked that the truth is borne larger than Texas, with quite as large into our minds with great force, and a population for the whole state, with is of great value. We realize that headquarters at Brisbane, and but forr

the real Polynesians who inhabit the elders to cover it. South Australia has

citvislands of Hawaii, Society Islands, Saits headquarters at Adelaide—the

are a of city having a populamoa. Tonga and New Zealand churches—the

kindred people, having the same tribal tion of more than 300.000. Wesr

characteristics, similarity in language Australia comes next, bordering on the and traditions. These latter people Indian Ocean, Perth being the principal

inhabit the islands nearest the Americity, with a population of 184.223.

can continents. Those lying farther and four elders located there. Then

west are peopled by a distinct type not comes Tasmania, the headquarters lonearlv so adaptable to civilizing influcated at Hobart. which has a populaences.'Usually it is with gratitude we tion of 55,130. Eight elders are loagain board ship for the last lap of cated in Tasmania, there being three

our journey. branches of the Church established

The total population of AusFive days later we pass through the there.

tralia, urban and country, is 6,167,- "heads"into Port Jackson—Sydney

to be one of the finest 429.harbor—said

58 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In visiting the districts for the purworth of property in Australia, r'our pose of holding conferences we cover of the chapels have been erected within considerable territory. It is 715 mihs the past four years and all of them

from Sydney to Brisbane; 589 from within the past eight years. In all

Sydney to Melbourne; 484 farther on the Church buildings, except the one

to Adelaide, and then comes a three in Glen Huon, elders'quarters have days'journey on to Perth, covering been provided at the back of the chapel.

1,686 miles, then all the way back Tasmania is one of the most interagain. We take the boat from Melesting districts from the point of view

bourne to Tasmania, about 200 miles, of the traveler. The boat from Melacross the Bass Strait, said to be the bourne enters the river at the nort'i

THE L. D. S. CHAPEL AT HOBART. TASMANIA, DEDICATED FEBRUARY 22. 1925

roughest bit of water in the world, and end of the island and proceeds southfrom experience we have no argument ward 40 miles to Launceston. a beauon that admit it. tiful little city of perhaps 25,000. We point—we

In each of the capital cities we have proceed from here to Hobart, 1 20 miles fine brick churches erected, while at by motor bus or train, through woodGlen Huon, Tasmania, and at Banksed hills, farms and orchards. It is

town, New South Wales, we have atcolder here, snow being quite common tractive rustic buildings, the latter only in the winter months. In the spring

just completed and dedicated on June when the orchards are in bloom the 10, 1928. We also have a comfortride down from Launceston is beauable mission home recently purchased. tiful, but when we take the bus again

In all, the Church owns over $75,000 to go up the Huon river and valley it is

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 59

transcendant. Millions of cases of apenlarged. To hear them bearing testiples are shipped each year from Tasmony and singing upon the street

mania to England and the continent, corners fills one with joy and thanksfruit growing being the principal ingiving. What a blessing it is to these

dustry of that little island. elders and what joy would enter the

One of the soulinspiring experiences hearts of the fathers and mothers could comes from traveling from district to they but stand near by and listen to district, visiting the elders and saints, them! Our constant prayer is that wc

and finding the elders enjoying the might have a hundred such young men spirit of their callings, filled with the instead of thirtyfive or forty. Now

spirit of brotherly love and unity. "Be we have just enough to care for the

ye one even as my Father and I are Saints and occasionally a little counone"is beautifully exemplified. Scriptry work.

ture class is held at 7 o'clock each The year 1927 was a banner year morning, breakfast a little after 8, then for this mission in the sale of the out tracting soon after 9. Saturdays Book of Mormon. Late in 1926 we

the elders do their own washing, clean adopted the slogan of "One thousand up the chapel and their living quarters, Books of Mormon for 1927,"and we each elder being assigned to some parwent over the top, selling and loaning ticular duty. 1316 copies. This was double the

It is especially delightful to see the number for 1916. This was accommarked change that comes over the new plished with an average of thirtytwo

elders as they enter into the work aselders. There was also more country

signed them. Sometimes homesickness work done, and this year we seem to

plays its part, but is soon overcome. A be reaping the benefit of the sowing.

new light begins to shine in their eyes Of the auxiliary organizations we and as they grow in experience their now have fully organized five Relief countenances are illumined by the spirit Societies, nine Sunday Schools and of truth. Their influence is felt for seven Mutual Improvement Associagood wherever they go. The gifts and tions, all officered by local brethren

blessings of the Gospel follow their adand sisters. These are a great help to

ministrations, some of the most rethe mission. We also highly appremarkable cases of healing having only ciate the Improvement Era. Each year

recently occurred. Their understandthe magazine more and more lives up

ing of the Gospel plan is quickened and to its name.

The Swedish Mission By President Gideon N. Hulterstrom

The territory, originally designated as hagen, Denmark, June 14. 1850, by

the Swedish mission, embraces Sweden, Apostle Erastus Snow.

Finland, and Russia, and was included in We learn from the historical record, that the Scandinavian mission together with missionary work began in Sweden in June,

Denmark and Norway. To our knowl1850. by the late Elder John E. Forsedge no elders have ever been stationed in gren, who at the general conference of

Finland or Russia, and there has not been the Church held in Great Salt Lake City, any organized branches of the Church in in October. 1849, was called as the first

these countries. However, occasionally missionary to Sweden at the same time

some elders have made trips to Russia and Apostle Erastus Snow and Elder Peter O.

Finland to visit the few Saints living Hansen were called to Denmark. Five

there. The Scandinavian mission was days after their arrival in Denmark, Elder

first opened with headquarters in CopenSnow blessed and set apart Elder Fors60 IMPROVEMENT ERA

grcn for his mission to Sweden, and he Fierce persecution was occasionally enproceeded at once to the little city of countered, but the missionaries endured it

Gavle (where his relatives resided) and with cheerfulness and continued their lacommenced to preach the Gospel. In a bors with added zeal, baptizing thousands

short time he made a convert of his of souls as time went on. The laws

brother, Peter Adolph, who was miracugoverning religion in Sweden were gradulously healed by the power of God, and ally made more liberal, and November 20, then baptized on Friday, July 26. 1850. 1901, a number of the leading brethren

as the first fruits of preaching the restored in the city of Stockholm, made an apGospel in Scandinavia, for this was about plication to his majesty Oscar II, king of three weeks before Elder Snow commenced Sweden, to have a branch of the Church to baptize in Denmark. Elder Forsgren of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints legitialso baptized his sister Erika. and another matized under the laws. The Department

person. His success aroused the civil of Ecclesiastics advised against this, how

authorities, there ever, and the applibeing no religious cation was denied.

liberty in Sweden, The city of Stockand he was arrested, holm gradually beaccused of being a came the central lawbreaker, tried, point for missionary and finally banished activity in Sweden, from the country;

being the capital anabut before he left he baptized a number metropolis of the naof people, who were tion and soon had about to emigrate to the largest branch of

America. the Church in the

Instead of returnScandinavian mising to America, as sion. The necessity

the Swedish authoriof a commodious ties expected him to meeting house and do, Elder Forsgren headquarters had escaped from his ship long been felt and in Elsinore, Denagitated when Presmark, and there conident Anthon L.

tinued his missionary Skanchy of the labors, but his banScandinavian misishment from Swesion, on May 25, den delayed the fur1902, appointed a ther introduction of committee consisting

.the Gospel in that President and Sister G deon N. Hulterstrom of Joseph j Can

country until 1853, when the missionaries non, then president of the Stockholm from Copenhagen crossed over the sound district, Elder Neils Anthon, andi Nils (Oresund) and commenced operations in Nilsson to search out a suitable locathe province of Skane, where the first tion, and immediate steps were taken branch and the first district was organized to start a contribution fund. The propas No. 3 Svartensgatan wasearly in 1853, through the instrumentalerty known

finally obtained and the construction ofity of Anders W. Winberg and others. a hall started early in May, 1904, underFrom Skane the missionaries pushed norththe immediate supervision of the president

ward, and in a few years a large numof the Stockholm district, Elder C. J. A.

ber of branches were opened up in difLindquist. The work was completed and

ferent parts of the country, grouped into the property dedicated by President Heber five large and flourishing districts. J. Grant, October 22, 1904.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 61

On November 8, 1904, the ecclesiastical ary 3, 1877. This magazine is the means

synod or consistorium of Stockholm by which the scattered Saints are kept petitioned the "Overstathallare Embetet"spiritually alive. Many members who

to enjoin the Latterday Saints from have emigrated to Zion remain subscribers, holding public meetings in their hall. In and for years they have been partakers of

a decision rendered February 4, 1905, the the missionary spirit thus carried to them.

petition was denied. The consistorium

UtahPosten, the Swedish weekly paperimmediately appealed their case to the published in Salt Lake City, and editedking, but he subsequently sustained the by Elder J. M. Sjodahl, is also doing adecision.

great missionary work among both memElder Anthon L. Skanchy was released bers and nonmembers in the mission.

as president of the Scandinavian mission Through the courtesy of the First Presin December, 1904, and Elder C. D. idency of the Church, about 1,200 copies

Fjeldsted appointed in his place. Misare received and effectively distributed evsion houses had now been erected in ery month in Sweden.

Copenhagen, Denmark, Christiania, now

There are only 28 elders laboring inOslo, Norway, and Stockholm, Sweden.

this large mission, but they are performThe Church authorities now thought it ing a splendid work. Last year's recordwise to divide the mission into two and

reads thus: 11,197 Gospel conversations,

organize the Swedish mission, embracing 312 Books of Mormon distributed, 291the territory before specified, with headother books, 9,785 pamphlets and 61,464 quarters in Stockholm, Sweden. Elder

tracts distributed, and 2,352 meetings held.Peter Matson of Mount Pleasant. Utah,

There were 9 1 baptisms last year.

was set apart to preside over the mission first five months of the year 1928,May 16, 1905, and arrived in Stockholm The show the results of enthusiastic and inJune 19, 1905, and the Swedish mission was duly organized, with headquarters at telligent work on the part of the elders in

Svartensgatan 3, Stockholm, Sweden. The this "Land of the Midnight Sun"among

official date of the organization was July the good- -hearted people of Sweden, where

Israel has been 1. 1905. so much of the blood of

found. The five months'report shows Since its organization, the following

that the missionaries had 5,452 Gospelciders have presided over the mission, in conversations, distributed 154 Books oforder, as follows: Peter Matson, Peter

Mormon. 5,405 other books and pamSundwall, Andreas Peterson, Theodore

phlets, and 73.068 tracts, and held 965Johnson, Theodore Tobiason, A. P. Anmeetings. There have been 27 baptismsderson, Theodore Tobiason, (second

up to the present time.term) Isaac P. Thunell. Gideon N. Hulterspecial effort is being made this yearstrom. Hugo D. E. Peterson, John H. A

Anderson. Andrew Johnson, and Gideon to place the Book of Mormon before the

N. Hulterstrom (second term), who is public. A number of copies have been

now presiding. placed in the public libraries and preThis field at present is divided into five sented to editors of newspapers, and this

work will be followed up.districts and sixteen branches. The Church

owns two large buildings, one in the city President and Sister John A. Widtsoe

of Gothenburg, and the other in Stockare expected to visit Sweden the latter holm. There are 1 2 Sunday Schools, part of the summer, at which time a sum-

1 1 Relief Societies, and 8 Mutual Immer conference will be held in Stockholm.

provement Associations. The memberThe work of our heavenly Father i<

ship of the mission is 1,789 according growing in this mission; the elders art

to the membership record. laboring unitedly in an effort to carry

The mission magazine, Nordstjarnan, the Gospel to all, and they are well republished twice a month, was begun Januceived by the people in general.

62 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Hawaiian Mission By President William M. Waddoups

Few indeed are they who cast aspersions Hawaiians had accepted the new message.

upon the Church of Jesus Christ of LatBranches of the Church were organized, terday Saints in Hawaii. The fruits that and since then tens of thousands of the

have been brought forth by its'members choice people of Hawaii have tasted the are so manifestly beneficial that the name joy that comes from membership in the "Mormon"has long since ceased to be Church of Christ.

looked upon with disThere are five large favor. islands in the HawaiiThe first party of an group, (formerly

missionaries, ten in known as the Sandnumber, arrived in wich Islands, socalled these islands on Deby their discoverer, cember 23, 1850. Captain Cook, in

There were few forhonor of the Duke of eigners! here then, but Sandwich.) We have

those early missionactive branches on all aries found the nathese islands. The

tive people receptive mission is divided into to their message. The eleven districts: Hilo,

absence of whites and Hamakua, Kohala and the necessity of learnSouth Hawaii districts ing a new and diffion the island of Hacult language, comwaii; East Maui, West

bined with the Maui, Molonai and strangeness of native Kalaupapa on the customs and living islands of Maui and conditions, all tended Molokai. Kalaupapa

to discourage these district is located on early missionaries. It the north coast of

was not long after Molokai and is occutheir arrival, therefore, pied exclusively by the that some of them felt Molokai leper settlecalled to return either ment; Honolulu and

to their homes or to Laie districts on the go to more promising island of Oahu, and district on thefields of labor. A few President William M. Waddoups one

of the original party, island of Kauai.

among them President George Q. Cannon, There are twentytwo branches on the

remained, learned the language, became island of Hawaii, seventeen on Maui, fifacquainted with the people translated and teen on Oahu, and eight on Kauai, making published the Book of Mormon, and laid a total of sixtytwo organized branches (he foundation upon which has since been in the Hawaiian mission. Most of our

built the magnificent structure of the Habranches have chapels in which to meet, waiian mission. ranging in cost from $50,000 down to

When George Q. Cannon returned to very modest sums. There are now several

his home, after three and a half years of churches in course of construction, and a service, about three thousand good number of others on our building proMESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 63

gram for the near future. Honolulu, Hilo, tourists, as well as island people, as one

South Hawaii, Laie, and Kauai are also of the most beautiful buildings and well equipped with amusement halls and grounds in the Territory.

gymnasiums. Every district in the misMany thousands of travelers from the

sion, except Hamakua, is provided with four corners of the earth visit our temple a mission home of ample proportions to grounds each year. Courteous, wellin-

furnish headquarters and house all missionformed missionaries are always present at aries laboring in the district. We now the Bureau of Information, at the front

have funds available for the erection of a gate, to conduct visitors through the mission home in the Hamakua district. grounds, to answer questions, explain the

We are proud and happy to report that Gospel, dispense free literature, sell Books the tithes and offerings of the Saints in of Mormon, and be of any other service this mission have so far been ample to possible. Our temple grounds and Bureau

meet all our building and other expenses, of Information are, we believe, one of the making our mission entirely selfsup- important and farreaching missionary acporting. tivities of the Church.

Hawaii is honored and blessed by having Our annual report for 1927 showed a the only temple erected outside of the total membership of 14,299 in this misgeographical boundaries of the stakes of sion. We have 451 elders, 152 priests,

Zion. The erection of this beautiful 263 teachers, and 484 deacons. These

building has been one of the greatest mismen holding the Priesthood, are most of sionary efforts ever put forth in this misthem holding offices and assisting very sion. It has given us a dignity, a rating by materially in the auxiliary organizations

L. D. S. CHAPEL, HONOLULU. HAWAIIAN MISSION

The best of four meeting houses in the city of Honolulu. A new $25,000 building will soon be

erected in the Kaimuki district. Honolulu

64 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the mission. In 1927, 455 entered the gaged in spreading the Gospel and buildChurch through the door of baptism, 204 ing up the Church.

of whom were converts. There were 454 Even a brief account of the Hawaiian

babies presented to the elders for blessing mission would not be complete without and christening. reference being made to President Joseph

We have well organized mission boards F. Smith. His name and that of President

of all the auxiliary organizations, the ReGeorge Q. Cannon are still revered by the

lief Society, Sunday School, M. I. A.. natives.

Temple Genealogical Committee, and PriIt is a privilege to work in the vinemary, all being officered by local members yard in thus paradise, among this favored of the Church, the missionaries acting people. No truer Latterday Saints can

largely in an advisory capacity. Our misbe found anywhere. Our missionaries are

sionary auxiliary organizations are officered happy, united, humble, and diligent in and function much as they do in the stakes their work. To their parents, we extend

of Zion. We hold semiannual and annual greetings, and congratulate you on the

conventions, and contests, and follow leswonderful work they are doing. Your

sons outlined by the General Boards. letters encourage them and your prayers

We have been very fortunate in receiving in their behalf will continue to avail much.

ample missionaries to conduct our work. The missionaries and Saints in this land

Fifty to sixty missionaries are sufficient send "Aloha"and best wishes to all who to cover well our limited territory. We may read these lines. If you were to call

use a number of local missionaries in the on us sometime, you would find us in fields. A home missionary system has the enjoyment of the same spirit that

been established and, in addition to the characterizes this great latterday work in missionaries giving their full time, we all parts of the earth where it has been have perhaps fifty home missionaries enestablished.

Editor Albert Shaw, writing in the October Review of Reviews, has this to say: "That any country like the United States is better off without the

regular widespread use of alcoholic beverages is too obvious to be argued about.

The socalled 'drinking habit'is not compatible with the conditions of oui presentday life. Twenty million automotive vehicles on our public highways

provide twenty million arguments against the use of alcoholic beverages. * *

The drink habit is doomed by virtue of the fact that we, as a nation, have adopted other habits and customs that make drinking a thing outlawed except by the reckless and foolish."

There are three kinds of people in this world, the Wills, the Won'ts and the Can'ts.

A life is alive so long as it is useful in some way to some one.

When we give to others, we keep the best things of life.

We grow only so long as we give and do.

Our blessings come when we forget the service we have rendered.

Goodness will fill our lives just as soon as we believe only good of others.

The Home of the Soul is reached by the paths that lead along God's Highway.

When we are prepared to use the Grail undcrstandingly, we shall find it.

Happiness will crown our toil if we take the hard places and leave the easy chairs for our weaker brothers.—Dorothy C. Retsloff.

The October Conference "Mormon"conferences are talked In many Christian churches there are of all over the world. Great human days and seasons which are held sacred

interest always attaches to a pilgrimby certain devotees, but our members age whether it be to Mecca, Jerusalem, do not always observe them. The rigid

Lhassa in Tibet or Salt Lake City. Mohammedan considers it sinful to

During the recent gathering the city ride on the train which runs from Dawas at its very best, and it would be mascus to Mecca, and still makes the hard to find anywhere a more attracthousand-mile journey on foot or tive gathering place than Salt Lake astride a camel; but the Latterday

at her best. Soft and mellow colors Saint does not consider it necessary to

on bush and tree blended harmoniously come to conference with an ox team or with the more gaudy ones of autumn; with a span of horses as was formerly

the brown mountains were enlivened the practice.

by patches of gorgeous red; a few steps Those who consider themselves

took the lover of nature's beauties to broadminded look upon adherence to some elevated spot from which the old customs as fanaticism and would glistening lake was clearly visible, and discard everything, including the sacthe sunlight on the majestic towers of rament, baptism and innumerable the temple was like a benediction. other important things.

Religious people have always sought A prophet's business is to reach to know the will of the Lord. In olden out and with unerring judgment place

times they came to the prophets to his finger upon that which is vital.

learn their duties concerning the affairs He urges believers to follow this course of daily life, their wars, their journeys, because it leads to peace, to avoid the as well as in matters usually considered other because it leads to trouble. Conas belonging strictly to the realm of fronted with a difficult situation, the

religion. elements of which are so contradictory

The intellectual and religious comthat they seemingly cannot be reconplexion of the modern world is underciled, he, because divinely guided, is going a complete change; a startling able to say, this is essential and must be

array of new ideas confront the retained; that has no special signifireligionist, and in contemplating these cance and may be discarded. These

a question naturally arises in his mind. questions answered by the wisdom of

foreseenHow many of the innovations may be men resulted in the condition safely adopted? No one feels it necesby Isaiah when he declared, "They

sary to wear sandals, though the Savior have transgressed the laws, changed the doubtless did so. None but extremists ordinances, broken the everlasting

would insist that all baptisms be percovenant."When they are answered

formed in the running Jordan, and yet by one having authority the Lord himall agree that if the leprous Syrian self is bound by the answer.

captain, Naaman, had dipped in the It is easy, therefore, to understand waters of Abana and Pharpar, about why thousands flock to our spring which he spoke so boastfully, he would and fall conferences. They come to

not have been made clean. listen to the voice of prophecy, to re66 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ccive advice which will aid them in the path of temporal and spiritual safety.

solution of their problems and to gain They have spoken and still speak as sufficient spiritual strength to meet one having authority.

these problems with wisdom and paOne may expect, therefore, that the tience. They come also to worship. counsel given at this conference will

There is not one of the general bear fruit. The subjects were all

authorities of the Church who has not timely. Obedience to law, the home,

earned his livelihood by working long clean living, temperance, unselfish hours at his profession or secular service and other points were touched calling. Therefore they are able to upon, and the spirit added to the elogive advice on the temporal things of quence with which the leaders spoke.

life. Because of their deep spiritual According to an ancient legend, a

natures and the fact that their minds sphinx sat by the wayside propoundare centered so much on religious subing riddles to all who approached. If

jects they are well fitted to give advice the traveler answered the questions coron these matters. And more important rectly, he was permitted to pass safely

than all else, the inspiration which on; failing to answer at all or answerbelongs to their office qualifies them to ing incorrectly, he was destroyed.

discriminate between essentials and Carlyle compares this imaginary nonessentials. Joseph Smith, Brigham sphinx to life itself, and human wisYoung and all the leaders down to dom is not sufficient to answer all of

President Heber J. Grant and his assolife's riddles successfully.—C.

ciates have invariably pointed out the

Of Interest to Writers The Era offers a prize of $50 for but which are suitable for our needs, the best and $25 for the secondbest may be retained by the Era upon payoriginal story, on the following condiment of its usual rates.

tions: Someone has said that "fine writing

Stories are to be between 3,000 and is rewriting."We suggest that those

4,000 words in length, not necessarily who intend to compete commence imreligious but of good moral tone. mediately, working their material over

All manuscripts to be typed and until they feel it is as nearly perfect as written on one side of paper only, and they can make it. Then lay it aside

must be in our hands not later than for a time until it is "cold."After

February 1, 1929. that it can almost invariably be reManuscripts must not be signed, written with profit. The experience

but should be accompanied by a sealed of writing, even if no prize is won, is envelope containing the author's name well worth the effort.

and address. If return of manuscript The Era will not be in the market

is desired sufficient postage therefor for any more stories until further must be closed. notice; so concentrate your best efforts

Stories which do not win a prize, on the contest.

"Conscientiousness has in many outgrown that stage in which the sense of a com pelling power is joined with rectitude of action. The truly honest man, here and there

to be found, is not only without thought of legal, religious, or social compulsion, when he discharges an equitable claim on him; but he is without thought of selfcompulsion.

He does the right thing with a simple feeling of satisfaction in doing it. and is indeed

impatient if anything prevents him from having the satisfaction of doing it."

Herbert Spencer.

PKJES

All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Aaronic Priesthood at Quarterly Conference

At the quarterly conferences to be so to encourage young men holding ofheld in the stakes during the next quarfice in this Priesthood that they will ter, part of the time will be taken up in refrain from developing habits which

Priesthood work, with a view of trywill drive them away from Priesthood ing to "encourage every man to learn activities, and that they will become his duty and act in the office to which genuinely enthusiastic in the work he is appointed with all diligence,"for given them to do by the bishopric of the Lord has said that "he that is sloththe ward, supervised by men selected ful shall not be counted worthy to to give their personal and undivided atstand and he that learns not his duty tention to this work.

and shows himself not approved shall With this plan carefully followed, not be counted worthy to stand."the quorums of the Priesthood should

Many times men become careless and be strengthened and many who are indifferent, not because they have no now careless and indifferent turned desire to take part in Priesthood activfrom their course of carelessness to a ities, but because of a lack of preparawhole-hearted desire to magnify their tion in their youth which brings to calling and endeavor to merit the blessthem a feeling of timidity which is ings of the Lord which we may expect hard to overcome. Some have careonly through obedience to his comlessly formed a habit of using tobacco mandments.

and in other ways realize that they are We hope all who hold the Aaronic unfit for Priesthood activity. Priesthood will ascertain immediately

It is the duty of active quorum memthe date of their next quarterly stake bers to labor with such in patience and conference that they may plan their in the spirit of love that they might be work so that nothing may interfere encouraged to take their place in the with their presence, for it is at this

Priesthood of the Church. The burden time that full opportunity will be

of Aaronic Priesthood and the mission given to become thoroughly familial of Aaronic Priesthood supervisors are with the new plan.

The Worthy Poor The fullness of the Gospel is a perporal salvation of the poor is that

to the Church that it may be able to vation—completefect and complete plansalvation,—whichfor man's saltithing and other donations be paid insaves temporally as well as spiritually. fulfill this duty. Another condition

Thus the Church of Christ provides is that the poor in question be worthy for its poor and unfortunate, at least of support from this source, having that is the Master's intention, but "all supported the Church themselves, at kingdoms have a law given, and to least to a degree which would justify every law there are certain bounds and their recognition as members thereof.

conditions."And this is not all, for indiscrimiOne condition governing this temnate giving is often as demoralizing as

68 IMPROVEMENT ERA

indiscriminate refusing to give. Inwant may be averted in the future,

stead of making outright presents to Sometimes this guidance is needed more the needy, it is more desirable, where than any other kind of assistance.

Ie who make boldit can be done, to give them employThere are PeoP rement. This saves them the injury and claim on the Church for help and

Ut du ma"er of facthumiliation of compromising a certain ccive lt. as a th,,.j, appreciation, but more often native

essential personal pride in making.,.,,. an pride-j prevents.,,...them from, allowing,, *honest living by the sweat of their own. It is neces di nccd tQ be discovered

* aces - sary for bishops and their representaIn many cases, too, it is necessary tives in the ward to ascertain how and proper to give them direction and their people are provided for, and advice in their affairs, that the miswhether help should be offered them,fortunes which have reduced them to—Albert R. Lyman.

Thanksgiving Song

Prelude To you who have shown unto me Love's triumph over pain;

To you who teach this truth to meLife means not selfish gain;

To you, the God of higher things,

The vanquisher of wrong, I lift my voice to render thanks,

And praise you in my song.

Thanks to you, God of all, Who e'en each sparrow's fall Heed with a mighty care For your creations!

Thanks for the budding leaf, Thanks for the autumn's sheaf,

Thanks for the friends you give.

For life's elation!

E'en for the chastening rod, Thanks to you, dear God, If it the need shall be To shrive the soul of me, And with a guidance true, Bring me more near to you!

Thanks for your Savior Son!

Soon may your will be done On this terrestrial earth, And its celestial birth Bring peace divine!

Let every tongue proclaim, Praise to your Holy Name!

Thanks be to you, dear God!

Thanks be to you!

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT Important Notice At a meeting of the General Boards follow our printed instructions, as of the M. I. A., held October 10, it found in our new Hand Book and in

was decided that in the matter of details "Suggestions for Quorums of Priestof administration under the new plan hood and M. I. A."The onehour

of beginning meetings, length period assigned to M. I. A. work—timeof periods, time of closing, etc.,—-it be should not be curtailed,

our policy to encourage all officers to

M. I. A. Institutes

Following is the itinerary for Speand Mt. Og- 8—Ogden—Ogden,

cial Institutes for stake M. I. A. den, Weber, No. Weber, No. Davis.

executive officers and stake boards. Morgan.

Letters covering detailed instructions Saturday, Sunday, November 10 and are being forwarded from the general 1 Valley, Bear 1—Montpelier—Star

offices. The following schedule gives Lake, Bannock, Idaho, Montpelier.

the date of each institute, where it is Monday, November 1 2—Portneuf

to be held, and the stakes whose Boards Portneuf.

are to attend: Wednesday, Thursday, November 14

and Lehi. 15—Provo—Alpine,

Saturday, Sunday, October 20 and 21 Timpanogos, Utah, Wasatch, KoPocatello, lob, Palmyra.—Blackfoot—Blackfoot,

Shelley, Idaho Falls. Saturdav, Sunday, November 1 7 and

Monday, October River Box Elder, 22—Lost 18—Garland—Malad,

Lost River. Bear River, Curlew.

Wednesday, Thursday, October 24 and Tuesday, November 20—Emery

Lake, PioEmery. 25—Barratt Hall—Salt

neer, Ensign, Liberty, Granite, Wednesday, November 21—Carbon

Grant, So. Davis, Oquirrh, Cotton-—Carbon.

wood, East Jordan, West Jordan, Thursday, Friday, November 22 and

Tooele. 2 3—Roosevelt—Roosevelt.

Saturday, Sunday, October 27 and 28 Saturday, Sunday. November 24 and

Tintic, Nebo, Pal-—Juab—Juab, 25—Uintah—Uintah.

myra, Millard, Deseret. Monday, November 26—Duchesne

Wednesday, Thursday, October 31, Duchesne.

November o g a Wednesday, December 1—L n—Oneida, 5—Lyman

Franklin, Cache, Logan, Hyrum, Lyman.

Benson. Thursday, December 6—Woodruff

Saturday, Sunday, November 3 and 4 Woodruff.

North Sevier, Friday, December—Richfield—Wayne, 7—Summit—SumSevier, South Sevier. Garfield. mit.

Panguitch. Monday to Saturday, December 10 to

Wednesday, Thursday, November 7 15, inclusive—Canada—Canada.

70 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Stakes in the following districts will District No. 10, at Ricks College;

meet in connection with leadership District No. 18, at Brigham Young

weeks at the different Church schools. University; District No. 12, at Burley

District No. 6. at Dixie College; Leadership Institute; stakes in District

District No. 20, at Snow College: No. 3 and No. 4 will be visited later.

To Stake Superintendents and Presidents M. I. A.

Dear Brethren and Sisters: This problem depends largely

On page 99 of the new Hand Book on the local development of you will find an outline of our suggesyour program. Please note

tions on mass participation in contest the suggestions made on page work. This form of contest, where it 99 of the Hand Book. The

has been tried, has proved most sucmajor objective is to get the cessful. We hope that you are using largest possible number in each

this excellent idea, as we feel confiward to participate.

dent that it will help you in the de- (d) Deciding on some form of recvelopment of the Churchwide conognition for winning wards.

tests, which come later in the year and If a pennant is used, or any will stimulate the entire program of the other inexpensive recognition,

M. I. A. we suggest a first, second, and

The date for closing this mass parthird place.

ticipation is extended to February 1, (e) Deciding upon methods of 1929. monthly report and time and

In developing the program we sugplace when final awards will gest the following steps: be given.

1. A joint meeting with both boards, 2. This entire plan will vary in difat which time careful outline of deferent stakes of the Church. It

tail procedure should be made. should be worked out with ward

(a) Division of the stake into presidents, but the preparation of a groups of larger and smaller suggested plan by stake officers will wards. be helpful and save much time in

(b) Listing of events in which the discussion.

wards may participate. These 3. When final decisions are made, thev

should include the same fields should be in written form and each (but not the same selections") ward president provided with a of literary and musical work copy. Kindly send copy to Genas our contest, both Churcheral Offices of M. I. A.

wide and stake, as suggested Yours sincerely, on pages 94 and 95 in the Oscar A. Kirkham,

new Hand Book. Executive Director Y. M. M. I. A.

(c) Listing of time and place Clarissa A. Beesley,

where these events may score. General Secretary Y. L. M. I. A.

Efficiency Reports

The new efficiency report, we befact that no limit of one hundred per lieve, is meeting with general approval. cent is set; each ward may now score

There is renewed interest, due to the according to its achievement. The folMUTUAL WORK 71

lowing suggestions may be helpful: partment the citizenship project may

Item No. 1. It is expected that the be counted as both the department and

weekly executive officers'meeting reslogan projects; it is hoped that studies

ferred to shall be joint. (See new and surveys may be made of conditions

Hand Book, p. 56.) The hour must and some really educational work acbe decided upon locally. complished).

Item No. 2. Take credit for either In order to score on the reading

3 points or nothing for organization in course book some attention should be each group. given to it several times during the

Item No. 3. To find points, divide month. Brief discussion of certain

total enrollment by Church populachapters or the reading of special partion. agraphs or reports on special chapters

Item No. 4. To find points, divide may be given; frequently a check also

total average attendance by total enshould be made to ascertain how many rollment, and then divide that result are reading the book. By the end of

by 5. Take no credit if the average the season every member in each deattendance is lower than 50%. partment should have read the book

Item No. 5. The first part refers to for the department and at least the

the administrative group as a whole. older departments should have read in

If intelligent study is given each month addition the Pearl of Great Price and to the general needs of the association What Ails our Youth.

and the community as a whole, and if (after consultation with bishops, stake Special Note to Stake boards, and a study of recommendaSecretaries tions of the General Board in the Hand

Book) the yearround program has Hereafter, in items 3 and 4, please been carefully planned, and the events give (on inside lines) totals of ward are being carried forward regularly, Membership and Average Attendance, then ten points may be scored. in the various departments; in all other

In addition, 10 points may be scored items (on inside lines) give totals of lines, uneach month if one or more of the events ward points; on the outside

recommended by the General Board der "Points,"give average of ward (see Hand Book, pages 57, 190, 339) points in the various items.

have been given. It is understood that Please eliminate all fractions from

most of these events will be held on report. If onehalf or more, write

Friday evening, although occasionally next higher figure; if less than onehalf,

it will be necessary to feature them at write next lower figure; for example, if

, write 6; if 5 1/4 write 5some other time; for example, the 5 y2

is nothopening social, held on Tuesday If, in some instances, there evening. ing to report, indicate with a cipher.

is an example of a stake Item No. 8. The scoring on this Following

item will depend largely on the judgreport properly filled out:

ment of officers "and leaders. If all

concerned feel that the weekly program STAKE EFFICIENCY REPORT as outlined by the General Board is being carried forward with regularity Y. M. M. I. A.

and reasonable success, four points of credit may be allowed. (19281929)

If the department projects and sloStake—Granite Month—Septembergan projects are receiving some active

Stake 11,669.and enthusiastic attention, at least on Membership—

9.one night a month, two points may be No. of Wards in Stake—

scored on each. (In the Adult De No. of Wards 4. reporting—

72 IMPROVEMENT ERA

1 Meetings Pts. M Men Dept: Weekly Pro-

(a) Administrative Mtg. 40 gram 12, Dept. Project 8,

(b) Exec. Officers'Mtg. 27 7 Slogan Project 4, Reading

2. Organization C. Bk. 2.

Executive Officers 1 Vanguard Dept: Weekly ProMusic Director 1 gram 8, Dept. Project 6, Community Activ. Com. 1 Slogan Project 6, Reading

Adults 12 M Men 1 C. Bk. 2.

Vanguards 1 Scout Dept: Weekly ProBoy Scouts 12 9 gram 12, Dept. Project 8,

3. Membership Slogan Project 4, Reading

Officers and Class Lead. 39 C. Bk. 2. 3

Adults 85 9. Improvement Era

1 M Men 83 10. Fund

Vanguards 18 Boy Scouts 145 Total Points 65

Total Erollment 370 3 4. Average Attendance Owing to the fact that so many of

Officers and Class Lead. 44 the Stake Efficiency Reports sent in for

Adults 77 September were incorrectly and incom-

M Men 58 pletely filled out, we are unable to pubVanguards 20 lish the regular comparative Statistical

Boy Scouts 1 1 and Efficiency reports in this number

Total avg. attendance 311 17 of the Era. However, we hope that

5. Special Activities the reports for October will be up to

(a) YearRound Program 20 standard, in which case the compara- (b) Fri. Eve. Program 30 tive reports will be published in the

6. Sunday Eve. Joint Session December number of the magazine.

their7. Leadership Training (Union) We urge the stake secretaries to do

Meeting utmost to have their reports correct 8. Departmental Work and complete, and to get them in on

Adult Dept: Weekly ProNovember 1 0. Ward sectime,—by

gram 12, Dept. Project 8, retaries should be urged to furnish the

Slogan Project 4, Reading necessary details of all items of the re-

C. Bk. 2. port.

Music for Sunday Evening Conjoint Session

It is advised that, beginning this executives to give proper announcemonth, the names of special musical ments of the numbers. We feel that

numbers and their composers be subthose participating will be glad to comitted to the M. I. A. ward music operate in this, and, if necessary, change

directors very early, in order that ample their selections to those more appropriconsideration may be given as to their ate.

appropriateness. This will also enable

Suggestions for Program Sunday Evening, December 2, 1928

Theme: The Lord's Part. 2. Invocation.

1. Hymn: "Cast Thy Bread Upon 3. Hymn: Count Your Manv

the Waters."Blessings."

MUTUAL WORK 73

4. Sermonette, Young Man: Text: well count on this first as last. If we

Genesis 28:1822; to be read well or neglect our tithes and offerings we will

effectively recited. neglect other things and this will grow

Comments: upon us until the spirit of the Gospel

Prove that Jacob went out an empis entirely gone from us and we are tyhanded youth and returned a man in the dark and know not whither we of wealth, a patriarch with a new name are going. * * * If the rich

meaning a prince. would pay their tithing we would have

plenty. * * * If we love our re- 5. Reading, Young Lady (two ligion we will be willing to pay ourminutes):

tithing. "A poor woman ought to pay herNot mine to keep, not mine to spend, tenth chicken if she has to draw out tenNot mine to give, not mine to lend—times as much for her support."

'Tis the Lord's part, 'tis the Lord's President Brigham Young. See Dispart courses of Brigham Young, pp. 269,A tenth of all I gain. 270276.

"By this principle (tithing) the loy-'Tis his to have, 'tis his to use,

As he, not I, may think or choose, alty of the people of this Church shall 'Tis the Lord's part, 'tistis thethe LLord's be put to the test.

part, "By this principle shall be known is for the Kingdom and who isA tenth of all I gain who against it.

God gives me all and asks this part "The law of tithing is a test by

To test the trueness of my heart which the people as individuals shall 'Tis the Lord's part, 'tis the Lord's be proved; every man who fails to

part, observe this principle shall be known

A tenth of all I gain. as a man who is indifferent to the welfare of Zion. * * * "PresiHis part shall be the first and best dent Joseph F. Smith, Gospel DocOf all the ten with which I'm blessed trines, pp. 282283.

'Tis the Lord's part, tis the Lord's 9. Two fourminute testimonies

part, concerning the paying of tithing.

A tenth of all I gain. 10. Some questions:

Is not tithing a debt of honor to 6. Sermonette, Member of Adult every Church member?

Department (10 minutes). Text, Which should be paid first, debts of

Malachi 3:8-12, to be clearly and efhonor or those otherwise secured?

fectively read.

Are tithe payers as a rule moreComment: thrifty than their nontithe paying

Prove that the prophecies of the Old neighbors?

Testament are binding on believers in are tithing receipts good recthe New Testament. See II Peter. 1: Why

ommendations for credit? 2021.

7. Solo or Duet: "The Lord is 11. Violin solo: (Something in

My Shepherd."keeping with the occasion.)

8. Reading of official utterances by 12. Remarks, one of the bishopric

settle our tith- M. I. A. Officer: of the ward: "Why

ing?""There is the one tenth. law—pay the Mounneglect our tithes and 13. Hymn: "High On * * * If we

offerings we will feel the chastening tain Top."

hand of the Lord. We may just as 14. Benediction.

74 IMPROVEMENT ERA ADULT DEPARTMENT

Great Books

A great book is always an inspira manifested a love of God and of retion. Great characters produce great ligious things. His mother was always

books. To read them is to know life, his inspiration and his great love and

loyalty for her is beautifully shown.

and to appreciate them is to drink at To him America, his adopted country, the fountain of eternal truth. This is indeed the land of opportunity and

is true of all great books and this deadvancement, and he values his citizenpartment has selected a great book for ship beyond price. All these things,

its members this year. From Immitogether with an account of his proggrant to Inventor is an autobiography ress from humble immigrant to one of

of Michael Pupin. The author is a the foremost citizens of our country,

man now over seventy years of age. are told with fascinating interest in the

Being of a spiritual nature, he ever story of his life.

The Slogan

We stand for Law: for the People who ters. The first step towards bettering

live it and the Officers who enforce it. conditions must be taken in the primaries or conventions, and the second

There never was a more timely sloat the ballot box. If we cannot always

gan for the Mutual organizations than select the best men at the conventions, this one. If ever there was need for the we can at least vote for the best men at

enforcement of law it is now. "The the polls.

paramount issue before every state, Real reform is certain to come. It

county and village is the enforcement will come, though, only by a change of law and the suppression of crime,"of heart by the rank and file of voters.

says the editorial of the Saturday EvenWhen lawabiding citizens do their ing Post of May 12, 1928. This same duty in the selection of men who will

article points out that no single nanot only live up to the law themselves, tional issue compares in vital importbut will also execute the law when ance to these local issues and that few necessary; and when they will stand

vigorous wholehearted attempts have behind officers who enforce the law been made to stamp out lawlessness. instead of against them, then and only

"Obedience to law is not inherent then will reform come.

but an outcome of social achievement President Grant, in the Era of and education."Our slogan brings April, 1928, says: "Every man and

home to us the importance of knowing woman who has arrived at the years of the law and observing it. If there political accountability and has the

were not violations of law and neglect right to vote should never sell himself of enforcement of law, there would be or herself or pledge himself or herself no need for such an exhortation. The to vote for men regardless of who they

fact that people everywhere are bemay be, provided they are nominated coming alarmed at the increase of crime by their party."Unfortunately, beis evidence that something is wrong. cause of laxity, indifference, or parLegislators are not entirely to blame. tisanship, too often that is the case.

They merely reflect the apathy of voThe party man is too frequently supMUTUAL WORK 75

ported simply because he is a party government. In local affairs it matman, regardless of his abilities or reputers little to which party the candidates

tation. It is the duty of all voters to belong just so they are competent,

scan the lists of candidates from top tc trustworthy, and stand for sound prinbottom and determine as best they can ciples. Candidates should be measwho are the best men. Party affiliaured by their moral and social fitness

tions should not prevent one from and not by their politics. Governmentstanding for good who are men—men it. lawabiding, who are honest, who can needs dependable citizens to run

and will command respect for law and T. A. Beal.

Ten Outstanding Magazine Articles

Selected by a Council of Librarians September, 1928 "Let us Confess our Errors,"Lewis F. he shows what has happened to—and

Carr, in Century. it.

A trained farmer, with a wide, prac- "Marriage and Money,"G. V. Hamiltical and executive experience, here diston, M. D., and Kenneth Maccusses the possibilities for progress and gowen, in Harper's Magazine.

profit in agriculture, which he says What effect do the money relationsremains one of our most difficult between husband and wife have onproblems.

their happiness or unhappiness in mar- "America's Second Peace Adventure,"riage? The evidence in this article is

Frank H. Simond, in Review of based on a scientific study of the exReviews. periences of two hundred married

The united and secure America depeople.

sires peace through denunciation of war. Europe, where many nations are "Murderous Mothers,"Dr. Joseph

neither free, united, nor secure, hesitates Collins, in Cosmopolitan.

to renounce it. Mr. Simond analyzes Misdirected motherlove is cruelty.

the Kellogg treaty against these conMothers who pamper their children, flicting back grounds. shielding them too much from contact

with hard reality actually murder"Flying Freight,"Robert E. M. Cowis, them mentally and spiritually, says the in Magazine of Business. author of "A Doctor Looks at Life and Is it possible to fly 20,000 pounds

Love."of freight? Will it be practicable to

build planes to accommodate such loads "The Trading Post,"Hilda Wetherell, now? In brief, what is the future of in Atlantic Monthly.

aviation? The president of the AmerThis article contains letters from the

ican Railway Express Company anwife of a trader on the Navajo Indian swers. Reservation to a friend, letters which

reveal the astonishingly primitive"Religion Faces A New World,"James

Harvey Robinson, in Harper's conditions which still prevail a stone's

Magazine. throw from civilization.

A historian reveals the utterly changed position of religion in the "Is Capital Punishment Right?"R. L.

world today. Not only has the intelCollins, vs. Clarence Darrow, in

lectual climate changed, but religion Forum.

itself has been transformed accordingly Is the state justified in doing what 76 IMPROVEMENT ERA

citizens are forbidden to taking perity by President Coolidge and Secdo—in

human life? America's greatest crimretary Mellon.

inal lawyer argues the case with a lead- "Obregon, Bulwark of the Mexicaning Canadian barrister.

Revolution,"Earnest Gruening.

in Current History."Capeadores In Wall Street,"Ralph The bulwark of the Mexican revoWest Robey, in Atlantic Monthly. lution and the hope of Mexican reconThe author attributes, in a large struction, Presidentelect Obregon, was

measure, the unprecedented rise in brutally murdered on the eve of taking stocks during the past several years to office. Earnest Gruening tells the

unjustified utterances concerning prosstory of his turbulent career.

Brother Saul

(A Historical Novel, by Donn Byrne)

By Lewis Telle Cannon The Apostle Paul was a heroic figthe Ephesians, to the Phillipians, to the ure. He has been justly designated Collossians, to the Thessalonians (first

the chief exponent of and second), to Timothy (first and Christianity—the

greatest after Christ himself. Certain second), to Titus, to Philemon and to

it is that after his wonderful and mithe Hebrews. These New Testament

raculous conversion, he displayed more epistles contain the very fundamentals zeal and expended more energy in of Christianity and are immeasurably spreading the New Gospel abroad than precious because they were written alany other. most contemporaneously with Christ

That the Lord himself held him in himself.

high esteem is evidenced in his own To read of Saul (or Paul as we now words to Ananias, one of the early know him best) in the "Acts of the

Christians, in Damascus. In a vision Apostles"is to whet one's appetite for

to Ananias at the time Saul was led more. What is there given is so sketchy.

thither after being struck with blindso fragmentary. In his numerous

ness ("Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou epistles, we learn much of his philosme?"), the Lord commanded Ananias ophy of life after he ceased to be the

to go to Saul and heal him. Ananias persecutor and became the persecuted.

protested on account of the evil Saul But the official record is all but silent had done to the Saints; but the Lord as to his early life. Saul of Tarsus.

replied, "Go the way I have sent thee, Saul the tentmaker. Saul the Roman

for he is a chosen vessel unto me, to citizen. So much is given. But what

bear my name before the Gentiles and of his early life, his education and kings, and the children of Israel."training? He certainly must have been

At least onehalf of the "Acts of carefully educated, because no one the Apostles"deals with Paul (or Saul without thorough training in the best as he was originally called) and his thought of his time could have written tremendous and effective activity. Not as wonderfully as he wrote.

only that, but a very considerable part Was he ever married and did he have of the New Testament after the "Acts children? His own saying, "I would

of the Apostles"is of Paul's authorthat all men were even as I myself,"ship, as witness the following epistles, might lead to the conclusion that he to the Romans, (first and second), to was never married: but the novelist

the Corinthians, to the Galatians, to has it otherwise.

MUTUAL WORK 77

Comes now the author, Donn back. For you have no need of me.

Byrne, and gives us in his novel. and without a smile, a little love, I

Brother Saul, a wonderful insight into can no more live than a flower without the life of this great Christian soldier. the sun. Shall I stay, Saul? Will you

It is an entrancing, an intensely readgive me a little sun?"

able book. It is a book that, after you Her voice, appealing, rang across

have read it, you have an unquenchthe starlight like the cry of a startled able desire to read again and again all bird. * * * Saul awoke from

that pertains to Paul in the New Teshis reverie.

tament. It is a book that gives you new "Were you saying something Noslight on the Gospel and the Scriptures sis?"he asked. "I am sorry. I was not

and makes plain many things which listening. I was thinking."

are so briefly summarized in the New After she was laid away at Tarsus,

Testament. she and her unborn child, the High

Novels, as a rule, deal with love of Priest at Jerusalem sent for Saul; "bethe kind that leads to marriage; this cause you, Saul, are the youngest of the

particular novel is no exception to the youngest by nearly a rule even though such love is not the Sanhedrin—the score of years; you alone have the

chief theme of it. youth and vitality for stamping out

Regarding love and marriage, the the foul sect of the Nazarene."

novelist leads Paul through the expe- "But he is dead, the Nazarene."rience of it. This should give added

"The messenger smiled. 'Every interest, particularly, though not necesday his sect increases. All of John'ssarily solely, to young people.

followers have joined. The Treasury In the novel his first mating instincts

is in danger. Therewere manifested toward Anna, clever of the Temple

have been young priests of the Templeand beautiful daughter of Caiaphas, the who have sold their property to turnHigh Priest, and her's were toward it over to the Nazarene's commonhim. She had ambition for place and

purse.'* * *power. She saw in Saul, the son of a

rich merchant and a youth whose adSaul turned and looked at the mesvancement to high Jewish honors senger. The messenger grew cold. In

seemed assured, the means of realizing some way the grave young Rabbi, Saul, her ambition. But on witnessing him had changed. His grey eyes were cold

one day as the victim of dizziness and and threatening as steel.

a fainting spell, she fled from him, "Caiaphas,"the messenger reflected fearful that he would disappoint her. in terror, "Caiaphas sent me for a

Later he married Nossis, a Gentile hunting dog and I bring him a savage girl, part Greek, part Jew. wolf of the plains."

She bore him a Contrast the above brief pen pictures child—Saul—who

lived but a few weeks; and shortly beof one showing his lack of Saul—the

fore the next child was to be born, she tenderness toward his wife, and the herself died. other forecasting his savage persecuThe novelist makes of Saul an intions of the Saul the Nazarenes—with

tellectual in his early life. He was author of the wonderful tribute to

cold and austere; his thoughts were of Charity (Love) as it is contained in

the law and not of mundane things. the 13th chapter of First Corinthians,

His wife while she lived was not able and you have something to show the to touch his heart. wonderful power of the Gospel to

"So I have decided, Saul, when I change men's hearts. How could one

go down into the darkness for our who wrote those immortal words, little child, I myself will not come "Charity (i. e. Love) never faileth,"

78 IMPROVEMENT BRA

have been the same person who persetravels, his journey to Rome and later cuted the early Christians with such death there.

intensity, even holding the clothes of The above references to Saul and those who stoned Stephen to death. quotations from the novel are only

That's the miracle of it; and the Gospel brief samples of the multitude of

annals are full of such miracles. fascinating incidents with which it is

filled. Did time and space permit, this The New Testament "Acts of the

Apostles"tells, oh so briefly, of Saul's review might be expanded with other quotations of almost breathless interest.activities against the early Christians,

But of course a review is only a review.of his miraculous conversion, of his One should read the book itself and getlater travels and labors to spread the

new Gospel. Tradition has it (or is it all. The work is skilfully, wonderfully

it established history?) that he finally done; whether it all happened exactly

died in Rome. that way, certain it is that it might

The novelist weaves into an entranchave so happened. It is plausible and

ing novel all the brief facts regarding extremely able. We see the polyglot

Saul (or Paul as he is immortalized); life of the times unfolded in great dehe gives us, whether imaginary or real, tail before our eyes. We learn what

Saul's life history in much detail, his men were thinking in those times; and

early training and education, his famall this makes more real and underily, his friends, his thoughts and asstandable the tremendous drama which pirations both before and after his ushered in a new era in the history of conversion, his struggles, his extended the world.

COMMUNITY ACTIVITY

DEPARTMENT The Project—"A Reunion in Every Family"

The general scheme of the M. I. A. entire group enmass, it becomes necesprogram for this year provides that sary for them to plan a way whereby

each department shall follow the same information and instruction can be imskeleton outline; namely: (1) Afield parted.

of study for leisuretime guidance. (2) The clearing house for any idea that

A weekby-week program. (3) A the Community Activity Committee

reading course book. (4) A project. desires to carry forward (or any other

(5) Slogan cooperation. committee for that matter) is the AdFollowing this general scheme, the ministrative Committee. This comproject which the Community Activmittee, composed of the entire personity Committee will sponsor is "A Renel of M. I. A. officers and teachers,

union in Every Family."This does opens a possible avenue through every

not necessarily mean that every indidepartment of M. I. A.

vidual family shall have a reunion, but With this thought in mind, let us that the various branches shall be see how the Committee might proceed brought together. to carry forward its project.

Inasmuch as the Community ActivFirst. It desires to give out informaity Committee does not have a definite tion concerning the fact that the M. I.

department within the association with A. program contemplates that a family

which to work, but must deal with the reunion will be held in every family.

79 MUTUAL WORK

Second. The Committee, being re- "The family unit as the stabilizing

sponsible for getting the thing accommedium of society."(b) "The hearth

plished, desires to create interest and enstone should be the lode stone in the thusiasm for the event. life of every child."(c) "The place

Third. The Committee, being preof the family organization in the Gospared to give some practical suggestions pel plan, both in time and eternity."

for conducting a family reunion, must (d) "The need of a renewal of family spirit, through the medium of a familyfind a way to do so. reunion."(e) "The family that plays

In view of the above, the first thing together stays together."

to be done is to bring the matter up for Finally, the Committee should prespecial consideration at a meeting of the sent at some suitable time and place a

Administrative Committee, at which demonstration of a successful family time the Community Activity Comreunion (see Hand Book, page 218) mittee should be prepared with a deor they could prepare and send out to tailed plan and make an appeal for coeach family, in mimeographed form, a operative support in carrying the plan letter of information and suggestions.

forward. Now is the time for the Committee

In the matter of imparting general to organize, to make their plans and information, and creating enthusiasm, get the machinery going so that when the bishop will no doubt be pleased to the season is over it can be said that the grant to the Committee an opportuproject was a success, and that in every nity to appear in the sacramental meetfamily there has been held a happy, ing and talk on the importance of the joyful reunion.

event. The speakers could stress: (a) (For further details see Hand Book.)

The Harvest Ball else which The first annual event for the M characters; and anything

Men and Gleaner Girls is to be in the represents the finer side of manhood nature of a Harvest Ball. This should and womanhood should be brought

be held, either on a ward or stake basis, into the evening's entertainment.

in every M. I. A. of the Church, on a The Social Committee of the M

Friday evening during the latter part Men, together with a similar committee of Gleaner Girls, should obtain a dateof November. The M Men and

Gleaners should aim to put over their from the Community Activity Comjoint project during this evening by mittee and then work jointly to make injecting into the dance real cultural this first annual event a huge success.

and aesthetic values. Everything about They should prove that there is beauty

the dance should be beautiful and and refinement as well as jazz in modwholesome. Music of the finest naern-day dancing. The joint meeting

ture, harmonious decorations, refined in November should be used for dissurroundings, exemplary behavior, cussing and planning this ball. See

dancers attending in couples and not page 240 of the M. I. A. Hand Book

in groups, an absence of questionable for more definite suggestions.

Etiquette "Conventions of courtesy not only more smoothly, but also act as safetend to make the wheels of life run guards in human relationship."

80 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Behavior at all times should be such neatness, tidiness, and cleanliness in that it will not hurt the feelings of the person and dress can hope for recognimost sensitive. Charm does not detion or welcome in refined and cultured

pend on youth, looks, social position society.

or money. The most fascinating perCare of teeth, hair, and finger nails

son is always the one of most winning may seem trifles but they are really manners, not the one of greatest physthe outward expression of an inward ical beauty. grace.

first and essential element ofIntroductions. The

is unobtruUncertainty about correct forms to refined and beautiful dress that is designeduse when making introductions often siveness. No costume

effect can possess thiscauses a person to appear awkward too much for highest quality of good taste in dress.when attempting to present one person

to another. Women's and girls'clothes lend

A lady who is seated does not need themselves more readily to obtrusiveto rise or shake hands when responding ness than men's; although men often

to an ordinary introduction. offend good taste by their conspicuous

style of dress. A gentleman who is seated rises immediately for an introduction. It is desirable that young people

A gentleman is always presented to wear their clothes without being conisa lady. No lady is ever presented to a scious of them. Selfconsciousness

man. Exceptions to this would be in always painful, and is detrimental to

the case of a president of the United poise, but consciousness of clothes is

States, a reigning sovereign, or a high destructive of repose. Repose and freechurch dignitary. dom from selfconsciousness are the

An unmarried woman is presented things that attract and delight.

is propto a married one, unless the married Fashions change, and what year. Butone is much younger. er now may be queer next

Proper forms for introductions'. there is one unchanging principle which

all if they desire "Mrs. Brown, may I present Mr. must be followed by

is suitaJones? Mrs. Carter may I present Miss to be well dressed, and that

Hollis?"bility. This means not only appro

Other form permissible: Mrs. priate clothes for particular occasions,

Brown, do you know Mr. Jones? but clothes appropriate to one's income.

person with taste and ingenuity can Do not say, "Mr. Jones meet Mrs. A

Brown."dress suitably on a small income. There

Best form of acknowledgment of inis one rule that is fairly safe to follow.

in doubt, wear plainer clothes.troduction is to bow head slightly and When

the street never wear anything thatsay, "How do you do!"On

Bad form to say, "charmed"or is exaggerated. If limited in means,

"pleased to meet you."choose dark, inconspicuous clothes.

However, when leaving after an inDinner.

troduction it is right to say, "Goodbye.

table as you I am very glad to have met you.""Eat at your own

When gentlemen are introduced they would at the table of a king."Conalways shake hands. A lady may offer fucius. Invitations to dinner should receiveher hand or not to a gentleman.

a prompt reply and the engagement

Dress. should never be broken except from

Dress is a department of etiquette unavoidable causes, such as illness, and good form, and should be given bereavement, etc.

thoughtful and careful consideration. Guests should arrive punctually, ten

No young person who is lacking in or fifteen minutes before the stated

MUTUAL WORK 81

hour rather than ten or fifteen minutes Never push your plate away upon after. finishing a course.

A man should always wait until his Never collect condiments, butter, hostess is seated, whether she is his relishes, etc., around your own plate

mother, sister, wife or friend. One of but after helping yourself, put them

the greatest sins of the age is the lack where they can be reached by others.

of deference paid by the average man Never eat sticky, fancy cakes and to the women of his household. This pastries with the fingers when a fork

courtesy should be observed at home, at is provided.

the family dinner and it will then folNever let nervousness make you aplow naturally, when one is out in pear awkward, but be quietly selfpos- company. sessed and others may not notice your

Each gentleman sits on left of his mistakes.

partner and his conversation should be

Business.mainly with her, although it is proper

Good manners often prove a fortuneto exchange remarks with his neighbor on the other side. in business. "Why did our friend Jones never One should sit erect at the table; succeed in business?"asked a man renever have elbows on table, nor toy turning to his home town after years

with forks, spoon or knife, but keep of absence; "He had sufficient capital,hands in lap when not eating. a thorough knowledge of his business,

Napkins are laid across the lap, never and exceptional shrewdness and satucked under chin. gacity."

If in doubt as to which knives, "He was sour and morose,"was the spoons, and forks are intended for the reply. "He always suspected his emvarious courses, remember that the ployees of cheating him, and was discutlery and silver are laid in the order courteous to his customers. Hence, no

in which they are to be used, taking man ever put goodwill or energy into them one after the other from the outwork done for him, and his patrons side. went to shops where they were sure of

Soup is taken from side of spoon. civility."

Bread or crackers must not be broken Next in importance to habits of into soup but small pieces broken off order and personal neatness, comes the and eaten with soup. habit of promptness. The person who

When, through with knife and fork loiters and is late in keeping appointthey should be placed side by side ments and keeps people waiting, or is across plate, knife blade in and fork late at work is a trial to those who are tines up, never left on table cloth. brought into contact with him or her.

Leave spoon on saucer, not in cup, and cocktail spoon on plate, not in Ball Room.

ball is larger and more pretentiousglass. A

than a dance and rather formal in its

Some things that are not done character. A smaller affair is called awhich may form a basis for a demondance or dancing party.stration of the wrong way to do Social dancing is always popular

things: with young people and it offers a fine

Never break bread into plate to soak opportunity for the development of up surplus gravy or sauce. culture, poise, grace and good manners.

Never bite or cut roll or slice of In order to promote these things in the bread, but break into convenientsized dance it is necessary to have music of pieces. a high order, not the common jazz.

Never drink when you have food in The guests should always greet the your mouth. host and hostess before taking part in

82 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the dance. Ladies always enter the have remainder of class point out misball room first, followed by gentlemen. takes.

Young men should always ask their 2. The same sort of demonstration

hostess for a dance. At the end of a might be shown in "table etiquette."

dance number a gentleman takes his 3. Have one or two couples come

partner to a seat and stays with her dressed for some special occasion, havuntil she is claimed by her next partner. ing something on that might offend

A young man at ja dancing party good taste and have the class point out must put aside his personal preferences the faults.

and dance with any partner whom his 4. Have a couple demonstrate some

hostess may select for him. The impoliteness in the ball room and have

habit which some have of dancing the the class tell the polite way of doing it.

whole evening with the same partner 5. How would you introduce Mrs.

is selfish and is not conducive of soAl Smith to President Coolidge?

ciability. 6. Discuss proper dress for street,

An excellent demonstration of the for dinner, for business, for ball room.

subjects treated here may be found in What is obtrusiveness? Are sleeveless

the drama which is printed in the Nodresses permissible on street or at one's vember number of the Young Womwork?

an's Journal. 7. Give reasons why coming late to

dinner is wrong.

Questions for Discussion in the 8. Is it safe always to imitate the

Class hostess at dinner?

1. Appoint members of the class to 9. Give demonstrations of proper

put on a demonstration of proper and and improper posture or position in improper forms in introductions, and dancing. (See Hand Book, p. 374.)

M. I. A. Athletics

By Homer C. Warner, Church M Men Basketball Arbitrator

Standards which the early American pioneers derived so much good in the moulding

Lesson for November 13 of their characters.

There is born in every boy the desire First the boy is taught that to sweat to play. From the rattle of the infant is not vulgar, and that a young body

to the last putt of the aged golfer, will function better if the blood is there is a thrill experienced by him. He forced to circulate a little faster occalikes it. sionally, that the excess energy that is

Athletics, properly conducted, offer pent up within can best be dissipated the boy the greatest outlet for this inthrough athletic endeavor rather than born desire. At no previous time has in some less legitimate way.

there been such a need for clean athletHe is taught to take care of his body.

ics as there is in America today. To compete on an athletic team there

The easy life of the average boy are some things he cannot do. He is

calls for athletics. He seldom works. taught to say "no"to excesses of eatHe must be entertained. He rides in ing. He knows he cannot smoke, and

fine automobiles. He eats rich food that he cannot drink. He knows he

and rarely does he deny himself anycannot stay out late at night, and that thing. As we all say, he has it "prettv his body will not function at its best

soft."if he abuses it. Nobodv tells him. but

Athletics supply that rugged expehe learns it. This selfdenial, which

rience that the average American boy is one of the greatest developers of does not get, that experience from character, is very good for him. His

MUTUAL WORK 83

athletic coach can exact more selfde- winning or losing. Make up your

nial from him than can his own mind that you can, and you will.

parents. Stick to it! Inspiration plus perspiraHe is taught that there are rules in tion will mean success.

the game. Again there are things he Play fair. The rules were written

can do and things he cannot do. This to be obeyed. Don't stoop to take an

respect for law, if early inculcated in unfair advantage of an opponent.

the lives of our young boys, would do If you win, smile, but don't brag;

much toward the remedy for the negand if you lose, smile and congratulate lect of law that is now prevalent in the winner. Let your effort and not

America. your results determine whether you deHe is taught to be loyal to himself, serve praise.

and loyal to his team, loyal to his Remember, no boy can long succeed school, and loyal to his church. This in athletics without the proper mental

will carry over into his life and inspire condition.

loyalty to his home, his wife, his famPhysical Condition. First of all,

ily and his country. have a good physical examination by a

He is taught never to quit. "Yelgood doctor. If you have any physlow"is the worst name one can call ical defects have them corrected at once,

an athlete. This test of character he else you cannot long succeed.

will carry on into the battle of life. Then get and keep your whole body

He is taught "team play"or "coopin condition by being regular in your eration,"a wonderful trait to develop. habits. There are four habits that are

And best he is taught good sportsvery necessary for the athlete and for manship: any one else, for that matter.

1. To play hard and fairly. The first of these is Regularity of

2. To play to win. Eating. Eat good, wholesome food at

3. Not to whimper when he loses regular intervals. Your body is denor to brag when he wins; but to conpendent upon fuel to provide energy,

gratulate the winner with a smile, and and without regularity it cannot run?c

modestly to enjoy victory. its highest efficiency.

If all were good sports, what a fine The second of these is Regularity of place the world would be to live in. Sleeping. Get plenty of sleep in a

The athletic standards that he sets for well ventilated room. Nature is kind

himself will be the standard for his in allowing us to go into unconsciouslater life. ness so that the body can rebuild its

He knows that only as he works, wornout tissues. Take advantage of

takes care of his body, exercises selfthis and get at least eight hours of rest denial, loyalty, cooperation and good at regular intervals.

sportsmanship, will he succeed in the The third habit is Regularity of game of life. Elimination. Get the waste products

How to Train for an Athletic out of the system. Have the bowels

least once a day. and better Event move at

twice a day, at regular intervals. Un

Lesson for November 20 used food stagnates in the body, formIn order to compete in any athletic ing a poison that causes a distinct harm event you must be in proper condition. that weakens the resistance of the bodv

is Regularity ofFirst: proper mental condition. SecThe fourth habit

definite work, soond: proper physical condition. Exercise. Do some

is built up, using Mental Condition. Make up your that the whole body

mind to go into the event with all the everv muscle. Every part of the bodv

determination that is in you. Have should be in condition before you atcourage. Never quit whether you arc tempt to tak? part in strenuous games

84 IMPROVEMENT ERA

as football, basketball, track, etc. of them. Some players and a few

it is all right Then when the body is in good con coaches will tell you that dition, start to specialize. The proto violate the rules if you do not get

cedure is different now for every caught. This is the code of a thief.

is a crime only if he is caught. branch of sport. You would not do It

the same things to prepare for footbi"The good sportsman's code is difthat you would for basketball. It ferent. He knows that intentionally to

would be impossible in this short arviolate the rules, whether he is penalticle to prescribe what would be best ized or not. he is bringing discredit

for the many different sports. But this unon himself and upon the good name

much may be said, learn the rules of the of the team for which he is playing.

activity that you choose. Get the Do you plav to win?

proper form. Ask someone who All the world loves a winner. Noknows, und then work! work! work! bodv likes to fail. Think success.

Don't expect to succeed if you do not Fight to win. If you think you can.

work. Look into the lives of great vou can! "Intestinal fortitude."a<-

it has been Rocknc calls it, is a great asset. Th"athletes. You will find that

the religious determination to work determination to go. when the flesh

that has made them successful. savs "no"but the spirit savs "fiebt."

Success in athletics, as in all things, when the score is against you. to k"

does not come easy. The habits you going.

form in athletics will carry over into Above all. don't nuit. Thc is nn

your afterlife and will prove very bendisgrace if vou lose fighting. Tr's nn'

? "b"t. eficial. See that they are good habit*. fhp rmestion. "Did vou win

"How did vou plav?"

"The Code of a Sportsman A man who nuits in an athlete n1m i b'kelv to be the man who will on't

Lesson for November 27 in life.

is when vou win. If you really want to know a man. How easv it

is for vou. The world <s play with him. In other words, 'un Evervbodv

der the stress of the game he will r bricrhf. The fickle niihlic will conit'his real worth. Where all the sham gratulate vou. but bow dn vo"fakp

of formality is forgotten: where his Do von *mi1e and modestlv eniov vo"r

decision must be a reflex: then can you virtorv?

te't-. How tell what is really in n man's heart. And now comes the real

Are your standards high? Are you do vou lose? Anvone can win but it

a good sport? Are you a gentleman? takps a real man to lose. Don't whimUse the yardstick and measure youroer. Congratulate the winner and smile.

self. Ttmav be hard but don't belittle vonr-

1 Do you play the game hard and self bv deoreciatinq the victor"of the fairly? other fellow. He must have been

2. Do you play to win? good or he wouldn't have beaten von.

3. Do vou whimper if you lose and Don't alibi. Chances are be wasn't

brag if you win, or do you smile and Inckv. or that vou were out of condicongratulate the winner if you lose, tion or that the official robbed you.

and do you smile and modestly enjoy He won. Smile and be a man.

victorv if you win? Tf athletics?rp to last and to have a

Let's analyze these things a little nlace in American life, they should further. brina out the best in a man. It is the

In all games there are certain rules. d"tv of pverv M Man to help keep the

Yes, even in the game of life. Thev standards no. and he can best do this

were written to be followed. No true bv following the code of a true sportssportsman will deliberately violate one man.

Air Route across the Atlantic. The famine relief organization, on Octohuge German dirigible Graf Zeppelin ber 9, 1928, 200,000 persons have

started from Fricdrichshafen. October been massacred by Mohammedans in

11, 1928, at 8:00 a. m., on a flight the province of Kansu, China, in an

of about 5.100 miles to Lakehurst, N. insurrection by fanatical Moslems. The

J., with passengers, thus beginning information comes from Leighton P.

a regular air route across the Atlantic. Rand, a China inland missionary, who

The gigantic air ship had 27,000 cubic writes about the privations and misyards of blue gas fuel and 1 5 tons of eries of the inhabitants and of the benzinebenzol. It carried 12.000 letearthquake that killed 35,000 last year

ters and postcards, addressed to differand reduced 100,000 to poverty, and ent cities in America. then adds, "The most tragic touch has

The Graf Zeppelin lands in Lakebeen added by the insurrection of the a third of the pophurst. N. J. The giant dirigible, Graf Moslems, who form

Zeppelin, landed safely at her destiulation of the province. Though

nation, Lakehurst, N. J.. October 15, starting in the appearance here and

1928, having covered about 5,900 there of unorganized robber bands, it miles from Friedrichshafen, Germany, has spread like wildfire and has now become just such a Mohammedan revia Spain, and the Azores. Part of the

way she encountered rough weather bellion as has on several previous occasions in the past century laid wasteand sustained some damage which, however, was repaired by the crew, but the province and decimated its popthe ship proved "seaworthy"in every ulation. From reports already in

respect. The success of this flight from the country district, the known

massacred exceed 200,000."proves that regular air connection between Europe and America is possible. New Relief Society Presidency. Mrs.

The big ship was in charge of ComClarissa S. Williams, president of the

mander Hugo Eckener, who, in 1924, General Board of the Relief Society;

took the dirigible Z R-3, now the Los and her counselors, Mrs. Jennie B.

Angeles, across the Atlantic. These Knight and Mrs. Louise Y. Robison,

were not the first dirigibles to venture were honorably released, at the semiacross the ocean. In June. 1919, the annual conference of the Church. OcBritish R-34 flew from a point in Scottober 7, 1928. The new president

land to the Roosevelt field. Long is Mrs. Louise Y. Robison, with Amy

Island, in 108 hours. Her return trip Brown Lyman and Julia A. Child as

was made in 65 hours. It was precounselors and Julia Farnsworth Lund

dicted then that regular air service by as secretary and treasurer.

dirigibles would be established, but litEight Persons Killed. The entire

tle progress has been made in that difamily of Orson Erickson, consisting rection, the heavierthan-air craft havof himself, wife, four daughters and ing monopolized public attention and two sons, were instantly killed nearinterest. Among the passengers of the Delta, when the automobile in which

Graf Zeppelin were two newspaper rethey were riding was struck by the porters. Mr. Karl H. Von Wiegand and Los Angeles and Salt Lake train No.

Lady Drummond Hay. 25, southbound, on Sunday, October

Massacre in China. According to a 7, 1928. The accident occurred at a

report that has reached Dr. S. Parkes grade crossing below the Erickson

Cadman, chairman of the China farm, situated north of Delta, when 86 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the train was speeding into Delta at a reportorial staff of The Intermountain rate of 40 miles an hour. Erickson Republican. From that paper he went

was driving along a road running parto The Deseret News, where he reallel to the railroad track, which turned mained until the time of his death. Last

abruptly across its tracks. Erickson year Mr. Goff was selected as one of

slowed down to make the curve, acthirty editors to tour Europe as the cording to reports, and in some unacguest of the Carnegie Endowment for countable manner lost control of his International Peace. It was while on

car, causing it to speed up and across this trip that his wife, who had been the path of the oncoming train. When ailing for a number of years, died. He

directly on the track the machine was received the news in Brussels and struck, turned over, and caught by the reached Salt Lake September 4, shatpilot. The impact crushed the autotered in health from worry and

mobile, and jolting caused the occuanxiety. He was taken to the L. D. S.

pants to drop, one by one, to be hospital shortly afterward. Mr. Goff

crushed and mangled beneath the never recovered entirely from the wheels of the fast moving locomotive. strain. Two months ago he went to

his Indians Heard From. According to California for his health. Upon

return he was again confined to thea special to the Salt Lake Tribune, hospital. Activities of the editor pubIndians from Utah, Idaho, Nevada.

licly were to a great extent confinedCalifornia and Oregon, concluded a "powwow,"October 4, 1928, at Fort to the chamber of commerce. He

succeeded Judge H. H. Rolapp as regentMcDermott, eighty miles north of

of the University of Utah.Winnemucca, Nev. The red delegates

signed a pact to this effect: "We are Off for the South Pole. Comnot going to vote for the government mander Richard E. Byrd passed

of the pale faces any more. We are through Chicago. October 2, 1928, on

going to turn back their twenty dollars his way to San Pedro, Cal., whence he

and the hugs and kisses the candidates will embark for Dunedin. New Zealike to give us. Furthermore, we are land, the base port of his antarctic

going to get our rights if we have to expedition. Commander Byrd was

fight for them."accompanied by his wife, and a party

Editor of Deseret News called. of aides. He had in tow "Igloo"the

little white terrier that was the mascotHarold Goff, for some years managing editor of The Deseret News, passed of his polar expedition. Asked how

away at the L. D. S. hospital, Octohis wife felt regarding his twoyear

ber 3, 1928, after several months'illsojourn, the explorer said, "She was a ness. He was born in Midvale, June mighty good scout to stand for it."

Commander Byrd and his companions 13, 1884, the son of the late Hyrum

Goff, for several years president of the left San Pedro, Cal., October 10, on

board the whaler. C. A. Larsen forJordan stake: and his wife, Maria ArZealand.nold Goff. His journalistic career he New

commenced while at school, when he Airmail between the United States acted as correspondent for a paper in and Mexico. The first load of airmail

Murray. After having graduated, he from Mexico City to points in the

taught school for some time, first at United States arrived in Laredo.

Midvale, then at Rexburg, Idaho. Texas, October 1, 1928, at 4:35 p. m.

There he met Miss Lulu Ormsby, who At 5:00 p. m. the first American airbecame his wife and who passed away mail plane arrived in the City of

a year ago. Mr. Goff attended the UniMexico from Laredo. It was piloted

versity of Utah and. later, the Univerby Tom Harding and made the flight

sity of Columbia. He then joined the in nine hours and a half. The planes

PASSING EVENTS 87

which thus inaugurated what is to be Portes Gil, secretary of the interior in regular airmail service between the two the Mexican cabinet, was unanimously countries were favored with good elected provisional president of Mexico, weather through the route. Brief September 25, 1928, by the senators

stops were made at Monterey and and deputies in joint session. He will

Queretaro to pick up and discharge serve from December 1, 1928, when mail. Among the crowd of several the Calles term expires, and till Febhundred persons which welcomed the ruary 5, 1930, when a popular election

aviators at Valbuena field were reprewill be held. It is understood that the

sentatives of the government, the provisional president will continue the

American club and local newspapers. present policy of the government, inThe mail was rushed to the postoffice cluding the friendly relations to the

by automobile, effecting a saving of United States.

twentyseven hours over the normal The League of Nations. The Counmail service by train from Laredo. cil and Assembly of the League of NaThe BritishFranco naval agreement tions, in session at Geneva, Switzercriticized. In a note to the British and land, since Sept. 3, 1928, adjourned

French governments, our government Sept. 26. The Earl of Lytton, the Britcriticizes the secret naval agreement beish statesman, speaking for India, crititween Great Britain and France and cized the tendency of the League to

declines the proposal to become a partv place no limits on its expenditures, and to it, on the ground that it places an asked that more attention be paid to unacceptable limitation on the class of questions of importance outside Euvessels essential to the defense of the rope, in order that there be greater colUnited States, at the same time it relaboration between Europe and Asia.

moves any limit on the classes of warPointing out that this year's budget ships peculiarly suitable to the French of the league was 1,700,000 gold and British needs. The note, which francs more than last year, Lytton

was published September 28. 1928. urged that a more rigid financial consays: "The government of the United trol was needed if the league were to

States has earnestly and consistently avoid disaster and defections. While the

advocated real reduction and limitation members were pondering the signifiof naval armament. It would be happy cance of this warning a dispatch from

to continue such efforts, but it cannot Buenos Aires arrived with the message consent to proposals which would leave that the Chamber of Deputies of the the door wide open to unlimited buildArgentine Republic had voted to suping of certain types of ships of a highly press the league dues and thereby imefficient combatant value and would plied complete separation from the impose restrictions only on those types league.

peculiarly suitable to American needs. Hundreds Perish in a theatre fire in

The American government seeks no Madrid. Fire broke out in the Novespecial advantage on the sea, but clearly dades theater in Madrid, during a percannot permit itself to be placed in a formance on a Sunday, September 23,

position of manifest disadvantage."1928. The house was packed, and

exits. HunVictims of the hurricane. A death crowds soon blocked the

children,list in excess of 2,000 persons with 16,- dreds, especially women and the firemen082 homeless, and property damage were trampled down before above $50,000,000 are the estimates succeeded in cutting openings in the of the toll of the tropical hurricane in building and clearing the exits.

Florida, September 16, 1928. The Missionaries and Saints are Safe.

figures are regarded as conservative. President Charles A. Callis, of the

New Mexican President. Emilio Southern States mission, in a report to

88 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the First Presidency, September 20, both areas. The inference is, he said,

1 928, stated that all the missionaries of that the cultural peaks of Mexico and the Church, laboring in the stormPeru are on the whole not specifically swept area of Florida, are safe. They interconnected but arc localized dehad been transferred from the southern velopments; out of a common cultural

part of the state to the north, three soil, due to unusual density of populaweeks previously. "No injuries,"the tion, or possibly broader political orreport says, "have been reported by ganization. This is a splendid stateChurch members living in the path of ment of what is at present known,

the tornado. President Callis says the through archaeological evidence, of the

newspaper reports of the tragedy are ancient history of America. It is, subnot exaggerated. stantially, also the picture presented to

its A New Stake Presidency. At the us in the Book of Mormon, with

two civilizations, the Jaredite and thequarterly conference of the Millard stake, held at Kanosh, September 1 Lehite.

and 16, 1928, President John A. Called Home. Funeral services

Beckstrand and his counselors, T. C. for Jens P. Jensen. Ephraim, Sanpete

Callister and Asael Fisher, were honCo., Utah, were held September 17,

orably released. The new officers are: in the Ephraim South ward chapel, his

President, T. Clark Callister; counson, Bishop Peter D. Jensen in charge.

selors, Parker P. Robinson and Daniel The departed one, who was 82 years

B. Bushnell. John A. Beckstrand and of age, succumbed to acute pneumonia,

Rufus Day were sustained as patribut some time ago he fell from a tree archs; as Parker P. Robinson was which he was trimming, and broke

bishop of the Fillmore ward that ward three ribs, and death, undoubtedly, was was reorganized with Barton K. Farnshastened on by that accident. Jens

worth, bishop; F. Earl Scott and LoPeter Jensen, was born in Denmark

renzo Brunson, counselors. Daniel B. December 12, 1845, and followed

Bushnell was bishop of Meadow ward* agriculture in that country until he but reorganization of that ward was came to Utah in 1866. The sailing

not effected at this conference. Due vessel in which he crossed the Atlantic

to the removal of Mrs. Asael Fisher was eight weeks in making the trip,

from the stake the Y. L. M. I. A. was and many of the ship's company sucreorganized with Frances Hatton, prescumbed to cholera. Landing in the

ident; Ida Scott and Martha Jones, United States, he crossed the plains by

counselors. Elder David O. McKay, oxteam in the Abner Lowry company.

J. Percy Goddard, Laura B. Dimond and on arrival in Utah located at

and Alice Sheets were the visiting auEphraim. His sister and her husband

thorities. were that same year, 1866, killed by

Book of Mormon evidence. At the Indians who raided the settlement. The

international congress of Americanists year of his arrival in Utah he was in New York, September 17. 1928, married to Dorothea Gregerson in Salt

Professor A. L. Kroeber of the UniverLake, who died fifteen years ago. There

sity of California, traced the cultural were eight children, of whom five are relations of the Indians of North and living. Miss Sophia K. Jensen, Bishop

South America through archaeological Peter D. Jensen. H. Ephraim Jensen,

remains. He showed that two ancient professor at Snow academy, and

civilizations consisted, not directly Adolph W. Jensen, city attorney, all of

connected, and that their centers were Ephraim, and Dr. Jensen, state super

in MexicoGuatemala and in Peru. In intendent of public instruction and

the intervening regions he found eviformer principal of Brigham Young dences of a civilization common to College.

GOTO HAWAII NEXT SUMMER ON THE BIG SPECIAL EXCURSION WITH

The Los Angeles Thrift Chorus

Low rates, supervision, a master program of events to make this the most constructive and joyful trip of your life.

Write for Information TODAY

Cut out and mail to LOS ANGELES THRIFT CHORUS

Suite 300. 718 South Broadway, Los Angeles, California.

Kindly forward information regarding the Los Angeles Thrift Chorus Hawaiian

Excursion.

I am interested in getting this information for myself and

If my application is finally accepted I agree to be bound by all the rules and regulations now in effect or which may hereafter be adopted by the Board of

Control of the Los Angeles Thrift Chorus for said excursion and to give prompt and cheerful cooperation.

Name Also please mail information to names and addresses I am enclosing. Address

herewith

Date

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Individual Sacrament Sets JNOW IN STOCK

'Best in the market II ill last a life time.'J6 glasses in each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Made especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used in Utah and

InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and

Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

TWO OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Mi. Carmel, Utah.

We have received the individual sacrament set in good shape and, speaking in behalf of the people of the ward, are very well pleased with the set.

Mink Creek, Idaho.

We received the sacrament set in good shape, and we are very well pleased with it.

We wish to thank you for your prompt attention.

Temple Block BUREAU OF INFORMATION Salt Lake City

HUMOROUS HINTS

"Going to hear the lecture on appendicitis tonight?"

"No, I'm tired of these organ recitals."Punch. *****

A 45 -caliber revolver had been fired point blank at him, the bullet penetrating his skull and entering the woodwork. Tampa News. *****

Proud Parent (who served in the A. E. F.): "And that which I have just told you, son

is the story of my expetiences in the World War."

His Son: "But, papa, what did they need the rest of the army for?"The Monitor.

Lady (to trusty): "Are you sure you have time to show me through the penitentiary?"

Trusty: "Yes, madam, I have ninetynine years.". The Monitor.

\UjL DIAMONDS AND WATCHES AND JEWELRY at unusually low prices—Jensen's

Broadcasters of the Correct Time over KSL

Watch and Jewelry Repairing

Convenient Terms

ENSENSlEWELERS *, EST. 187 5

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

When You Think of INSURANCE think of

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co.

Organized 1886 Assets Over Two Million Dollars

Agents in All Western Towns SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Heber J. Grant, President Geo. J. Cannon, VicePrest. and Manager

"So you're lost, little man? Why didn't you hang onto your mother's skirt?"

Youngster: "Couldn't reach it,"Texas Ranger. *****

Mae: "Since you have broken your engagement to Jim because your feelings toward him

aren't the same, why do you keep his ring?"Mabel: "Because my feelings toward the ring are still the same as ever!"—Christian Leader. *****

"He claims his wife was intractable, your honor, so he beat her into subjection with a golf club."

"In how many strokes?"asked the judge. TitBits. *****

A missionary was discoursing on the Book of Mormon. When he came to the testimony

of the three witnesses he waxed eloquent.

"Here we have the words of three men,"he said, "whose testimony has never been shaken, Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer and Martin Luther."

I Did Ton Ever Think This of If you are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before the world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can, independently of what anybody else may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information

"Utah's Largest Commercial Training School

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the IiIkIicnI cIiinm of ndvcrtlNlng;. We recommend to our

rciidcrN the firm* and kooiIm foiinil In our nd \ < rl Kinu prisce*

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Jos. Wm. Taylor. Undertaker

Bureau of Information L. D. S. Business College

DaynesBeebe Music Co, 101 ia s Morris & Suns Co.

Deseret Book Store Salt Lake Costume Co.

Deseret News Southern Pacific Lines

Fleischmann's Yeast Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Hawaii Excursion Utah Power & Light Co.

Jensen's Jewelers / ion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

The screen star and his fiancee arrived this morning from the Riviera, where they had passed vacations with fiends, along the*****Mediterranean. Washington Herald.

"Well, daddy,"said the pretty girl excitedly. "I'm engaged."

"You don't mean it?"her father exclaimed.

it's great fun all the same!"Happy Magazine.

"Certainly not,"said the pretty girl,*****"but

A recently arrived missionary in Germany had with great effort translated and written down a few words of testimony in German.

As he and his companion were leaving the house for their meeting, he began searching for this paper.

"Come on. we must hurry,"called his companion.

"Wait a minute: I've lost my testimony."came the answer.

MY COMPLEXION

IS SMOOTH AND CLEAR

"About a year ago my face was covered with pimples and blotches,"writes

Hilda Bingham of Provo, Utah. "I started taking 2 to 3 cakes of Fleischmann's

Yeast for Health daily, feeling it could do no barm as I had little faith in it.

"After taking it for two months, I began to notice an improvement in my appearance as well as feeling so much better. Now my complexion is perfectly

smooth and dear."

Fleischmann's Yeast for Health has relieved thousands of chronic conslipation.

It is sold by grocers as a service to their customers. They advise their customers to eat 3 cakes a day, either plain or in water. Eat it for your health.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST

At All Grocers

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TO GAIN KNOWLEDGE IS TO GROW To Read Good Books Will Help You Gain Knowledge

The M. I. A. Reading Course is selected to help you gain

knowledge and have enjoyment while you do it.

Send $6.50 (Special Cash Offer) Now for a Complete Set.

Deseret Book Company P. O. Box 1793 Salt Lake City, Utah

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1928 BeBt Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 125 NORTH MAIN STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elias Morris & Sons Co.

GEO. Q. MORRIS, Manager

Mantels, Tiles and Memorials Set in AH Parts of the West

Write for Information

"Where the Fire Burns"21 West South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah

MOUNTAINEER

IS OVERALLS MOUNTAINEER OVERALLS Are made from finest quality Denim, guaranteed for quality, fit and service.

SOMETHING

DIFFERENT

The Spring-O-All Suspender, no rubber to rot, nothing to wear out.

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

You Not Think it Marvelous? Desires—Would

Your Income to continue even though accident or illness should suddenly snatch collegeyou away or render you unfit for work. An Income for your wife—aeducation for your children. The ownership of your home in ten years from now.

The possibility of retirement and the Joy of travel and leisure in your later years.

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realised

realities tomorrow. If you act now—Make today's hopes

A Beneficial Policy is the Key to Success Blots out your worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office, Vermont Hldg.—Salt Lake

HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA