ray- #improvement D

sag M if

j f mm -

V

''"X ''''-V,

'',V*'.'. 'J U *'s. - -* '''; -

''*,, -','f*S. f

.*-#>*?V.- >T*tf... 7,...... -','.-

-f* w -.

- teXiu,fey, pv *y '$'';* y > (:->--; vf-v-w%

'::, - y7. V

* Wr"aL** I TCVOClVDtKt IY No. f2

Return Postage Guaranteed—Salt Lake City, Utah

a

"Thereby Furnishing Employment"In 1852, BRIGHAM YOUNG said, "Our true interest is, and will be, most wisely consulted in domestic manufacturing...

thereby furnishing employment."Today, the Utah Oil Refining

Company is an outstanding example of that principle. Hundreds of workers are employed—here—in the manufacture and

distribution of Utah Oil products.

The growth of this industry is made possible by the constantly increasing use of its products by the people of this region.

Stop for gasoline and oil at any of the 400 UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY Service Stations in Utah and Idaho

H0HfMci<W<i<ii<'<i4l-0-0(>B<MHOM0 4M< >iw<iwoMt>0H4lMM>0 -; I <m- I <"I *

AND'(CONVENTIONSRESTRAINTS WHY?

BY PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

In this article, written espeIn this excellent article which cially for The Improvement Era, will appear in The Improvement President Clark has stressed not

Era in November, President J. only the importance of law but

Reuben Clark, Jr., an attorney, also its beauty and necessity in

a diplomat, a member of the First the spiritual as well as in the phyPresidency of the Church—sical and intellectual worlds.

Father speaks on a subject which With a fluency and ease which is timely, especially for the makes the article delightful readyoung, many of whom have chafing he has also drawn some nice ed under the sway of "restraints distinctions between rule and and conventions."law.

THIS ARTICLE WILL HAVE SIGNIFICANCE FOR EVERY MEM

BER OF THE FAMILY—EVERY READER OF THE IMPROVE

MENT ERA.

WATCH THE NOVEMBER NUMBER

ffhe //mproueme/rt Editor J. Grant, OCTOBER, 1933 HarrisonHeberR. Merrill, Editor Managing

Elsie Talmage Brandley, Asso. Editor Volume 36, Number 12 ERA'

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations and the Department of Education

FORECAST EDITORIALS

Merrill 73 6 H. R. in the Investments there be shouldVX7HY Tolerate Slot Machines? Why Merrill R. H. 736

restraints of things * sceme Impressions Expressions and Elsie Brandley T. 737

and conventions? What is the difOutstanding Thinker on Prohibition - 73 7

ference between a law and a rule?

In the universe are there laws ARTICLES which persist despite man's railIn the Name of Temperance we set up Our Banners 707 ing at them? These and other inThe Flying Attorney i-Katie C. Jensen 708

teresting questions will be anThe International Congress of Women.—Clarissa A. Beesley 712

swered in a special article by PresThe Frontispiece Alice M. Home 713

ident J. Reuben Clark Jr., in the A Hundred Years Ago Rachel G. Taylor 7 1

November Era. "Vampire"Currency. Trebor H. Tims 720

Foundations for Happiness Parnell Hinckley 730

Extracts from Letters and Journals of Oscar Winters 733 nHE Power of Truth,"by WilTheA Clean,MagicCoolBowlBreath of Spring Samuel H. Hanks 739738

Ham George Jordan, an intensely interesting treatise upon FICTION truth, will begin in the November Nocturne John Sherman Walker 7 1 number of The Improvement Era Punken Pies Grace M. Greer 716

and will run serially until the enThe Beloved Cinderella Mary Imlay Taylor 724 tire book has been printed. This

book so pleased President Heber POETRY

J. Grant that he once bought up an Boys Ida Rees 7 1

entire edition to distribute among My Road Hector Lee 7 1 his people. He has now, in conShrines Mary Hale Woolsey 729

to Sara Teasdale Christie In Memoriam 735 Lund the Deseretnection with Book. Etchings 735 Jean McCaleb the plates purchasedCompany, Cristel and TownPromissory Note 735 Hastings

the copyright from the widow of The Moon Bridge Lydia Hall 735

Mr. Jordan, in order that new ediTo Elsie Rosalind Hale 735

tions of the book may be circuKnowledge Catherine E. Berry 735

lated later. Vacation Prayer 1 Weston N. Nordgren 735

The Pity of Content Carlton Culmsee 735

Gay Tints for Laughter Helen Gardner 744

NEX1"What'smonthIn a Word,"watch forBy ToLinesFlorencetheto SeventiesaFarnsworthFriend Richards FlorenceLulaLawrenceGreeneH. TownsendA.RichardsJones 745754767

Elsie Chamberlain CairrolV and

Settlement of Ogden Hole,""The DEPARTMENTS S. Perrins. Glennby 734 As the World Spins

i i i BookGlancingReviewsThrough. 74274

The Cover Church Music 744 Melchizedek Priesthood 745 745 Teachers'are picturing Message Oscar W. McConkie 'I HIS month we Honesty—Ward

. Priesthood 747 Street, Main 50 North the new Aaronic

Mutual Messages: of Era, Improvementhome The Gleaner Girls Executive 749 754 Departmentand the Y. M. M. I. A. The Vanguards 755 - 750 Adults

building is the Young Memorial Seniors 752 Junior Girls 756 building of the L. D. S. University M MenGleaners 753 BeeHive Girls 756

group. Your Page and Mine 768

Published monthly h\ 1th e GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, General Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

CITY, UT. STREET, SALTClarissa LAKE NORTH Beesley, MAIN A. Associate Mgr. 50 as Lake City, secondclass Utah,

Copyright, by the 1932, Mutual Improvement Men's YoungO. B. Peterson, Business Mgr. matter. for at Acceptance mailing Jesus Christ Association Corporation Church of of the

Morris,George Q. special rate of for postage provided Saints. rights reserved. All of Latterday

Rachel Grant Taylor, Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

&Ma fc*mq

c

CD

"S s c

a

IS

s sC5 <Sn the h(ame of 'Temperance

Banners set up Our We Supported by Our chords Ward of Wisdom

commonwealth. places our building public up in the Drunkenness ago yearsSEVENTEEN things. all these to restaurants, do wished railwaytrains, streets, We AssociImprovement Mutual foi reason is prevalent parties, sound no There dances, was and

set all the in up world ations of reempowering to the believing that wished obnoxious. and We of God"the "ina name banner will any change interests liquor places the and to public clean such up

bearing this legend protect our women, our children, of the conditions which prevailed "We Stand For State and Naand ourselves from the indecencies in 191617.

tionwide Prohibition."which drunkenness heaped upon us. On two grounds we are asked to

take that banner down? Shall we haul to situation to the the and a change menace Alcoholism was of cir- a combination Through sevenset the up every banner give to we wished down We to child. asked been havecumstances we is argument years ago. teen to chance One a better babe newborn of seventeen actionreconsider our of revenues life. the increase will that it live healthy a normal,

the in 7, ago.years November On respectnation. state to the and a menace was Drunkenness We dates otherstate of and upon Utah, inreasonable, sane, fully ask any highways. on the everybody We decide to are states other ofpeople that telligent safe person about to think our highways wished to make

by the ballot whether that banner for sane people. one. Where will the revenue come

are not. orshall come down We it? Will will interests placed pay liquor from? The Who modification the voteto upon total increase wealth? there liquor our everything; was above of money connational the state the andboth is prothat other their greed. argument wished to The end no We time. at thatstitutions enforced. avarice cannot their be in curtail The and hibition to them the of are briefly, some Here, enover victims. 18th their went save Amendment

reasons why that banner was raised Drink interfered with the sucthusiastically with a large majority.

there in 191617:back that to acknowledge worthAre other of we going and wholesome place cess a breeding saloon was The in this coun- a of people majority institutions hudebasing while by

of vice fosterevil; a denof it was their try enforce sense apprecannot laws? of the dulling manity, Do

kinds. immoralitying of many to themselves, We ciation, wish judgment, the "wets"and warping

it. of to rid ourselveswished of that seed plant in the minds using funds would have which

Many men spent their incomes meant more to the progress and sucAmerican people? That is dangone have shouldfor which drink other doctrine. in other gerous cess spent nation of the What

families. their of support thefor the the minority to make to change wished may arise ways. We save from to them wishedWe statements? situation. same

themselves. There was not a sound reason As election time approaches, how

Many homes were broken up by why a vampire such as liquor and does the Mutual Improvement Asalcohol through the cruelty of the liquor interests should be fossociation stand with regard to drunken fathers. We wished to tered by a sane and intelligent soliquor? We quote from a "Musave homes, for from broken homes ciety. tual Message,"June number of

come many of the menaces, in the No one could then be found to The Improvement Era: "We the

shape of human beings, to society. defend drink on the ground that it Mutual Improvement workers of

There was no way of controlwas healthful, elevating, profitable, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latling the liquor traffic among the or worthwhile. The best bartendter-day Saints, have always stood

underaged; unscrupulous men ers, knowing the curse of liquor, and will continue to stand for the

would buy liquor for boys. We did not drink. We wished also to nonuse of intoxicating beverages.

wished to do our best to save the save their customers from the habit. No matter what others may do

boys and to stop that traffic. No one could be found to say with reference to our national proBootlegging of bad liquor was that drink redistributed wealth, hibition laws, we are resolved to

bad; with saloons everywhere bootthat it increased the purchasing do our utmost to support those

legging was difficult to handle. We power of the people, that it was a laws and resist their repeal."

wished to stop that illegal traffic. thrifty habit, or that it aided in Mutual Improvement Associations.

FLYING

Ray Elsmore, the Flying AttorneyATTORNEY KATIE C. JENSEN

the lark sails into the air and far into the and hands and clothes soiled by the aid he rendered mystic regions above us, so fly the planes carryat the scene of the tragedy, he staggered from the cockASing mail, passengers and express for Uncle Sam. pit of his plane and tossed his sack of air mail to

And as safely as the bird do they land at their destiattendants.

nation. Covering millions of miles, within the last 'Paul just crashed at Pocatello; they're all killed,'

five years, the National Parks Airways Company has he told Butte friends. 'I helped pull out the bodies

had but one serious accident. This indicates that flyand then I came on with the mail.'

ing is safe, quick and sure and that it is an economical 'There were traces of tears as Elsmore went about method of travel if we value time. At present the his work of checking the mail pouches. He had just

Boeing and Fokker SuperUniversal planes are sailing completed a two hundredfifty mile hop and was on one hundred miles per hour and the new planes soon time in spite of a late start out of Pocatello. Enroute

to be purchased will fly one hundred seventyfive miles from Salt Lake, he was in his plane at the Pocatello per hour. These new creations of science are bringing air field waiting to greet his pal, Paul Wheatley, whom

distant points so close to us that we may feel like they he had taught the art of flying when Wheatley came are just next door. gliding over the Idaho air port. The big plane was What a record—but one serious mishap in millions about seventyfive feet from the ground when it

of miles, and because Ray Elsmore, the flying attorney swerved, turned and dived with seven people aboard, whom I wish to introduce to you, is mentioned in a struck the ground and crumbled into a mass of human clipping from a Butte newspaper giving an account of beings, wood, and steel. Elsmore ran with field

that accident, I quote: attendants to the rescue, but all were dead.

'Two hours after he had helped extricate from the "In twentyfive minutes he was in his plane and on wreckage the bodies of his roommate, Paul Wheatley, his way. 'I don't know what caused it,'he told

and the six passengers who crashed at Pocatello, Capofficials as the nervous beads on his tanned forehead tain Elsmore, airmail pilot on Salt LakeGreat Falls showed the strain of the grilling two hours flight from

Line, landed at the Butte airport. His nerves shaken the scene of the tragedy. 'Paul was always a careful

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 709

He was born in American Fork, Utah, the youngest of ten children. His father died while Ray was very young,

but his mother, a woman of unusual character and vision kept her children in school although they were forced to leave home and work their way through. Of his mother

Ray says, "She was my inspiration. I discovered there

were angels on earth and that they do not need wings.

Such was my mother."

He went through school studying Latin and "ologies"that would fit him for the field of medicine; but upon

entering college he discovered that he could not go on with this profession and work half a day. So, because law would

fit into the scheme of things at school he studied for the bar and upon his graduation from college was made assistant county attorney of Salt Lake.

"But how did an attorney come to be a flyer?"I queried.

"Uncle Sam,"he answered. "When I decided to enlist

pilot, always talking of the Attorney Elsmore in I looked into the different fields through which I could new safety devices he was Uniform enter the service. The field of flying appealed to me, so I

those examination. days Francisco In for to San went my ship. hisplacing on We

It three one. a stiff pilot for took the examination was Sometimes Falls. at Great together ahad room

I lungs, hearing, eyesight heart, passed. days, but The runs. of our at end the there meet wouldwe

tests chair the important. were most whirling The and "'Paul Buddy was my

test test, equilibrium, a one's or of balance chair whirling City from Salt Lake know. you thein army,

fail likely applicant."to an the (Cont. p. most one 757) was plane the for the pals been haveWe

last ten years. In fact, I

taught him to fly at March Field during the war.'"But after a few minutes of rest despite a heavy heart, he scrawled his name in a hand that trembled and took to the air again. The

mail must go on."

This story was verified by Mr. Elsmore,

attorneyaviator as he sat before my grate fire, one foot resting on an ottoman and his black head reclining against the red velour of the high backed chair.

I could well imagine his sorrow and regret over the death of his friend and the passengers.

And as he flew on towards the Snake River

Valley, his heart heavy and at times growing faint with the memory of those people he had helped to drag from the wrecked plane,'I knew it must have been his courage and selfcontrol that brought him through his flight safely. There were lives beside his own to be

thought of, for he was carrying a man, a boy and a dog as passengers. But sometimes it

seems that air pilots have superhuman power as they are able to "carry on"under greatest stress and pressure.

A SSISTANT COUNTY ATTORNEY, flyer, Captain of Air Reserve of Idaho,

Nevada, Wyoming, Montana, Utah, Commander of the 329th Observation, Air Mail

Pilot between Salt Lake and Great Falls, Montana, practicing attorney, City Attorney of

American Fork, Utah, Bishop's Counselor in

Sugar House Ward, Ray T. Elsmore is today

one of Utah's outstanding figures. But shunning the headlines, he goes quietly about advancing the cause of aviation, attending to his

law practice two days a week, carrying the mail the other four days, serving mankind in every way he can but devotedly attached to the art to which he has given himself—flying.

octurne

Moonlight and melody are beautifully interwoven in this new story by John Sherman Walker.

gate; in you will go. gazed the moonlight bowered fore you LeVAL EAN Fleur—will

tinsel the leafy shafts the of French through playthrough thejopen old tunes? Towindow me one

of his studio apartment on a moonmaple branches fair beyond words, night is so eve."like—yestershe consented.saffroned garden court where wineover her dear shoulders—midas Hesitantly

will do it, Jean."purple lilacs were in bloom—after touching her picturehat and the "Yes—I

the studioa year away—and the bittersweet- white satin of her gown; twinkling And as they neared

ness of the moment was nearly at the ivory points of her slippers she added:

so.unendurable. as she came toward the fountain. "Yester eve—it does seem

The words they had spoken, so Unbelievingly, he slowly went I adore it all."

long ago it seemed, there by the tall to her; and the surge of a master He would have lit a lamp but

reproached himfountain came again—his words rhapsody was overpoweringly rich the smiling Fleur

so very certain: within the soul of Jean LeVal; an as she contemplated the perfection

"Genius has its price. The creinspired thing whose full brilliance of light from the heavens that enative artist must be a solitaire. One came to him at once. shrined her at his grand piano.

he pressed her sweet, cool "I like it this olden way, don'tmay choose—to dwell alone upon As

hands in his she was greeting him: you?Olympus, or—endure mediocrity."

that you And hers—tremulously low as "Dear Jean—I knew

the voice of a dove would be here tonight. Do not JL/eVAL glanced off

reaching "And is the completed masterask me how I should know—or through the maples, then

piece of the Olympian so all imwhy. I had to come here and wel- a glossed Stradivarius violin from

it to come you—home."the pianoforte he adjustedportant? Oh, Jean!—will the

noblest music you create be precious Gently she withdrew her hands playing position. He was reverent

evading him. "Quite."as—stillthe loveknow?I haveOh,knownyou'vefor younot from his clasp and her eyes were in his half whispered answer.meant to be cruel; but do you un- "No, Jean, not that again—ever, Their tune was finished and shederstand how impossible it is for please. I must go very soon. I played one other, in solo—a fairy

me to be with you after you have cannot come here again. After toair whose flowering measures at her

spoken so? night we must forget."fine touch seemed all of glissandos.

"Must art be so austere? I canThere were fear and agony in the At last, looking up with a little

not tell. I only know that for you eyes of LeVal. The first song had sigh she reached for her hat gracing

the mediocre would be intolerable. been struck from his heart; only a the pianotop.

An inspiration, I? Ah, I have been few lone chords lingered. It was a LeVal scarcely more than mutvery vain, dear, to suppose so. I'm tense, long moment before he retered.

: "Beautiful—too beautiful!"sorry it must be 'adieu,'Jean—but plied

The girl faintly smiled.you see, ours could never be merely "One favor—one favor then, bethe platonic friendship.""Chopin ever is beautiful."

Afterward Jean LeVal knew Jean sank to the seat beside her.

there was nothing so exquisitely His voice was pleading. Sherman John Walkerprecious in Fleur the world—as known "You—Fleur.Farrar. is SHERMAN WALKER JOHN I could J eve—thatI have a native of Salt course, folly, Lake to of have It was City—since—yesternever way, in any have perfection a storyteller stories poet. and His this place beautifulreturned to of

in unless are anything, with were you poetic in expression in andtorture; the quiet glimpse to pahis original form; in are poems it."to achieve me gate,goda, the near garden rememsubject design. matter vioand The looked Farrar Seriously Fleur is lin of his favorite the instruments. one laughterbering of moments

there; to realize that the fountain's This "Nocturne"is a delightful exinto the eyes that held her enthralimprovisation upon led and said: periment—an silversparkling music had become the theme—moonlight "You would never believe that a dull waters. splash of leadenonly and lilacs and rain and andmelody—youth

but it will need to be read also, in And then—the

a mood. A vision Olympus—notyou had achievedever—Jean,your ultimate of loveliness—Fleurmiracle! marrried me—or anyone."Farrar—in the golden oval of the if you

By John Sherman Walker Illustrated by FIELDING K. SMITH

They were seated, moonmantled in the pagoda when

LeVal ended the strange tale.

Jean LeVal tenderly answered:

; if Imasterproof—the"And if I were tomasterpieceoffer you the

—andwere to bring you a song of songs

itnight—andif allofthemyglamourlove wereof inthe

toinspiration—tellproclaim the divinenessme, my ofFleur,your

would you believe that I had found the glory I desire?"

But her reply held the same note of sadness.

"If only I could believe, Jean. I

will go now. The masterpiece

sometime I will hear it—and know

whether it is truly of your heart."

Disconsolate he went with her to the gateway and at her desire allowed her to be whisked away alone in a cab that had cruised up the street.

Returning to the studio he wondered whether it had all been a fantasy. There was the one tangible golden thread of that song.

Impatiently he drew a writingtable and a deep chair into the moon's full beam, disregarding the lamp at hand lest its ray divert the As if to verify the fear of Jean night's lessening fall of rain he illusion he sought. He took a pen LeVal a gray cloud came to veil the discerned so paradoxical a low,

from a stand. moon and a restive breeze stirred sweet rhythm as to bring him halfBoldly he stroked a graceful cleff the maples uneasily. rising from his chair, his fingers

upon the black lines of a songplate Reentering the darkened studio trembling at the lampcord, floodand inscribed the first haunting LeVal groped to his chair, and, ing his table with light. It was

chords of his nocturne. the laid head with his arms that upon unmistakable—inconceivable pausing, Then music of a violin lilting through crossed he was suddenly he the writingtable he on

lost in melancholia, aware that the closed his eyes to the increasing the mist of rain!

passing night drawing was fancy That the pallidness night. the of violin—preposterous he of farther was so enamoredmood it could long thus he remained he—was voicing—no—how How farther! intoand be same could not folds—taking—the aroused know. was He!—yet—yet—yes it hiswith of song lost loved, song of of songs Jean the serein its songs—taking swift a beat of by uponwith it—Fleur Farrar. the garden earth, a peal of low LeVal!

first chords The and had come rumbling a flash thunder of and arose, stepped to HiIE gone before to the LeVal bowed left lightning that in a the skiesthe outer balustrade and with calm task of placing the notes as down simultaneous sweep.deliberateness fair the mused on they flowed the night. dismal from

a interval lay long For LeValfountain. could If he have been rain little pelting a came The

in his chair, his somberstricken mood that his back in melody harder the and of the ghostly tempo as the surrounding darkness. spell irremind! was violinist's tune accelto an Now—thewith moveddeemably broken—the song was The precise time was vague to erando and as it quickened LeVal's

gone! Jean LeVal, when, above the (Continued on page 760)

"The principal display at the Fair took the form of a beautiful Mural depicting in decades woman's advancement through the century."

Ike zynternational yf)ongress ofWcomen By CLARISSA A. BEESLEY

INtherethe citytookofplaceChicago last July that of woman's emancipation The book, 'Angels and Ama- a notable asfrom the restrictions by which she zons—A Hundred Years of Amersembly of women leaders from had been surrounded. Forty years ican Women,"by Inez Haynes

many countries, the result of whose before, in the Columbian ExposiIrwin, is off the press—an inspiring

thinking and planning will untion of 1893, a Woman's Congress account of achievement from the doubtedly contribute much to had convened and it was most fitdays of Lucy Stone, when woman's world progress within the next few ting now that the women of the life was confined almost entirely to years. It was the International world should feature a program in four walls, to Amelia Earhart who

Congress of Women called by the connection with the present big Exconquers time and distance in the

National Council of Women of the position. Determinedly, therefore, air. The principal display at the

United States to consider the theme, the National Council went to work. Fair took the form of a beautiful

it set out to do—to mural depicting in decades woman's"Our Common Cause—CivilizaThree things

tion."publish a book which should readvancement through the century;

The Congress idea was born cord the growth of the woman large books were also made featurmore than two years ago and demovement through one hundred ing the work of member organizaveloped simultaneously with that years; to make a fitting display at tions. The third feature was the

larger project of worldwide interthe Fair; and to hold an InternaCongress, held in the historic Palest, the Century of Progress Expotional Congress which would mark mer House, Chicago, July 1622.

sition. It was realized that of all an important milepost in feminine Through the cooperation of the

the line of evolvement during the history. All three plans materialPostal Telegraph and Cable Comcentury, none had been greater than ized gloriously! pany in a plan which secured the

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 713

signatures of more than a million It is inescapably ours. For the only justiTOR many months urgent invitawomen in the United States, thus ficationbeneficentofends.power is its use to wise and tions had been going forth to

making them Postal Telegraph "It is our purpose and our resolve that the various countries of the World conscious, funds were provided for their quest shall not have been in vain."to send their representative women

the carrying forward of the big to this gathering and as a result outenterprise. standing women physicians, lawThe purpose and spirit of this The Frontispiece yers, educators, and leaders in all

is best set forth occasion important to the in the foreword Program by *]\/fT.*-*- by Flonette,"Professor aElbertpen andH. Eastmond,ink sketch professionalThe formal openinglines weretook placepresent.on

the National President, Lena head of the art department of Brigham Sunday evening, July 16th and is frontispiece. the University, This Young Phillips: Madesin affair, speeches of a brilliant was

is beautifully southsculptored mountain officials of given being welcome by to Springville be of viewed and may ago, years the of "Forty women rethe Exposition, of Chicago and State Fish the the eastadvantage and Game from first their real International held world just of north town. Farm as figures sponses such world by Exposition the during Congress Columbian is best of the Professor one Eastmond Dr. Alexandrescu of RouWally at It to the degave Chicago. impetus artists nearly the of Church. For known

velopment of the organized womanhood a third of a century he has been head of mania, Baroness Shidsue Ishimoto of the world. By it came the channels the department of art at B. Y. U. where of Japan, and Hon. Margaret

quest their pursued through which women of in contact he has thousands with come Bondfield of England; and the adpolitical for educaand perfect to eager and young men women power—social, Progress?"dress—"Shall it be by will tional. the In of Congress 1933, we abilities all in watet their Retds—oits,

realistic in a those to fashion Phillips. President, the do honor Miss colors, interior etching, ink, pen and and

pioneers of 1893, by emulating their courdecoration. As a teacher even more than During the week following, genquest age foresight. and The feminine of as of art Professor a producer Eastmond

wanes, but before today power is best women lie although some eral sessions were held each mornhe has done known great opportunities for the right use of that splendid pieces in practically all of the ing and evening and department power. mediums used by the artists of the day. round tables each afternoon.

"This assembly takes place at a period He is never so much at home as when Among the themes for the former depression of directing following world a world war. a class of normal and inspiring

arje is to were: "The World as It Is;"great responsibility widespread whose and students So unemployment

human misery, so varied are the proposals teach the children of the intermountain "The World as It Could Be;"

for changes in the political and economic country the finer things of the eye and "Women in a Changing World;"

his influence, It that is safe hand. to say scene that civilization probfaces grave "Economic Security GovThrough

felt these students, been has through survival. lems its actual connected with while the in ernment;"six round recorner the every of Mountain Rocky assemblies previous of women, "At

minor issues could be discussed with more gion and far beyond. tables, meeting simultaneously,

or less urbanity. For thousands of years, Ever a lover of the beautiful and the featured the subjects: Security

fine, his Professor diploma took Eastmond struggling been with have and men women Security Through Employment; Institute, City, the Pratt from York New this of production. the problem Now Security Power; Buying Through in Training Art Manual Normal and is settled. all can problem produce We

of In B. 1902. a degree took he 1906; Security Government in Through that we need.

University. Pd. In from Brigham Young the at this yet of against Destructive Forces; moment "And much Opporthe at studied School California he 1915 is distress in world want. and Economic tunity through Education; Opporat the in of Arts; Fine 1923 and 1916 insecurity lot are the of numcommon tunity Leisure. University Through California; of of 1918 summer bers of people everywhere. have vastWe

at in of Art; Rionida School and 1923 indelightfully There twomastered production: mastered not have we

the Professor University of Washington.distribution. teresting learned Internot have an how We also traveled has wereForums—one abroad where Eastmond to servant, the the rather machine make national discussion present on in several sketched painted he European and thethan master of not have man. We countries. conditions as world conditions and lifted fear the burden of under which color, lover of Professor Eastmond A be, they delegates might by from theirparents children. bring must up We it uses in his profusely paintings. always

liftedhave Ireland, despair not black Syria, Finland, from many Germany. distinctive the style a to has running He

an aged worker. learned not have We France, Roumania; one and on loves blues in purples landscapes. and He

a to settled attain currency norhow how rarely scenes beautiful paints ever anyand for Plans Civilized a "Youth to to nation. exchange goods nation from is in thing that pleasing to the not eye inspiring stimulatan World,"and learned have to bethe peace not keepWe composition. watercolor His form and

tween individuals or between nations. paintings, like his oils, are always of beauing presentation conducted by Jane

"And yet these problems can and must tiful things. His harmonies of line and Addams, in which some seventeen

be solved. a society can plan which We pleasing. color those are In fact, who College girls participated. love young

itswill guarantee to members minimum virile likely pictures strong, are to proevening was held On Thursdaysecurity for existence a and opmaximum his those sweet; productions too nounce

portunity for development. We can plan who love soothing, gentle beauty are likely the banquet, a colorful and joyous

a in society there shall security which be delight take his in great to proviewing affair. feature of this unique The

of work, income, security of of health; ductions. the of messages, event sending wasagainst the violence of of crime; and war pencil, user etcher of the an and a As

security of government for the good of pen and ink, and charcoal mediums he by the Postal Telegraph Company, all people. We can plan a society in which has few superiors. He has the genius to direct from the banquet hall, to

shallthere be opportunity edupains. take the sketches of did he Some several States in the points United for all—of

cation, training, of vocational cultural in in of these Europe some mediums won America, England, and to Southlife a richer and his use of leisure. praise. considerable for with Busy him

"To such endeavor we dedicate this normal classes, writing and staging pageants China, Japan, Manila, and to vesallCongress Pacific. the sels decocountry, over in intermountain on 'Our the the Atlantic and Common Cause—Civlittleilization.'halls rating finds he created us and rostrums, Technology has for replies messages were sent and The

creative time present, the is art for at yet It ofour Plenty. a House to challenge all of these received points from find rarely passes that year doesthe not of him the find to the women keys world

through governmental and economic planadding a few notable pieces to his collecduring the progress of the banquet.

ning which will admit us to that House tion. A huge map of the world was

said recently. of his students Oneof Plenty. "To placed the at one end of hall and

is Professor to love Eastmond him know challenge ringing comes "That the down traveling tiny lights distances the to inspired be the beauty and with of formcentury of progress to woman's this very hour. It sounded in the first feeble effort and color."indicated when and where the mesof our pioneers in their quest for power. sages went and their return to Chi714 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

a together contributhe greater; band to make we and unemployment may stirred cago. one higher by this We were * * is techwelfare. tion for of danger will be greater Our human war and that forces of the mightymore evidence

is Newell that nique Emily of service."unthinkable. at work to promote world progress "Fear is at the back of all the evil things Blair. Subject—"Have Women Contriband we could but exclaim reverof the world. Women are the leading uted to the Crisis?"

ently, "What hath God wrought."forces in the new world, the dynamo driv- "The world cannot be secure without

Among the eminent speakers at ingworld."the perpetualDame RachealpeaceCrowdy,engine ofof Engthe entireselfish, freedom.the torch ofBecausecivilizationnationsis burningare too the Congress were Jane Addams, land. Subject—"When Nations Cooperlow. We need a new declaration of interfamed social worker and founder ate. dependence of all nations. We need the

a rule for golden new is a see "It romantic thing a world world."—Mrs. Carrie of House, Hull Chapman Netherlands of the Dyserinck before participate over made your and efforts to Catt, well for her known Secure."a World it."in FranckenSubject—"Making Jane Addams. eyesSubject—Philosto abolish the war, Honorable Maritself with the concerns of a "Democracy Day."ophy New

garet Bondfield of England, Great "We naturally look to women to do common man, desires to meet the need of

Britain's first woman Cabinet the things for humanity. When they the greatest number. The real test of

happiness is free is the a country whether the business to they world sought the entered years for two member and static, is not minority. Democracy the of in profits equal rather making than men Rachel Minister of Labor; Dame it is flexible, growing. changing, The social themselves to to devote the welfare

active for noted has far more inCrowdy, a Democracy service in of others which is their real work. Now individual

or responsibility than under Communism the Dingman, War; World Mary

energetic worker in the League of Fascism.Italy) haveIf thetheseseedcountriesof growth(Russiain themand

Nations for disarmament; Winnithey will end up by being Democracies."

fred Kydd, President National The Honorable Margaret Bondfield of EngCouncil of Women of Canada; land. Subject—"Economic Security UnEmily Newell Blair, Associate Edder Democracy."

a is to be thing a "It magnificent Lilly Housekeeping; itor Good

the into us something Let put woman.Kelly, University of Buenos Aires; it. just take out of As not and world

Drs. Woo and Wu of leading women teach and live so goes the next

Hill, Ireland H. W. Colleges; ofChinese Selma Ekrem generation."—Mrs.

it as International World Forum—"The of daughter formerTurkey, Govit as be."could World is—Theernor of Jerusalem; Mrs. Francken

single purof need more women "WeDyserinck, in femininist leader the to pose. too ourselves spread tend We

Netherlands. Their messages were thin. The single purpose now needed is

full of eloquence and power. the achievement of world peace."Winifred Kydd of Canada—International

Forum. '""PHE following excerpts convey "Women are carrying on the torch. Let

in meager form something of us dedicate ourselves to bringing about the the stirring appeals of these and Millennium. If we share with men the

other speakers. Through them all part."responsibilityDr. Christinewe mustGilitzi,contributeRoumaniaourrang the cry for Peace—World—International Forum.

Peace, and the confident assurance that in the hands of women rests A/fORE than forty years ago the largely the power to bring about Relief Society and the Young that longedfor condition, Ladies'Mutual Improvement Association became charter members brilliantly things do some "Women but of the National Council of Women niches, in inthey small groups. work

They do not look on the whole. They of the United States. They parare not thinkers. We should read history ticipated in the Women's Congress

to get a viewpoint of the future. * * * at the Columbian Exposition in

itIf there cause must is a common be the Chicago, holding one separate sestotal situation."Beard, promi- R. Marynent in suffrage and labor movements. My Road sion of their own. During all theSubject—"Struggling Towards Civilizatime since then they have been action."By Hector Lee tively represented in the work of

love of for things themselves "The Council. the Brown Lyman Amy a road! me Ah, give me a road! selfishness.to search for truth Those who leads GIVE is at third the present vicetime it Let lead anywhere,live simply. In industry the emphasis new

president. If fall air: there's in theis placed the to on human element—not the smell fresh a of me; about With woodget of to out enable workers more but connection the recent In with

the the of sun; vigorous warmth * With * to get theirthem out more of work. the other Congress they, with memcall, the a thrush, with Where are designed to "Machines further now

it all; ber organizations, the Breaks given were of hushthe personality articles of the will worker;

be not machine made but manmachine And the sly little beasties slink back one booths in the Palmer House to exmade. * * Wrongly used the machine by one. hibit their work.

can a peril; become it can Relief Society attending members old wither Let your world without me; pullhelp us of the out rightlydepression."—Dr.used the President Congress were a the pines voice in only I hearLillian Cilbreth, Industrial Engineer. M.

lisps 'Tis the whispering Y. Robison; Counselors B. the Pull Machine Out."Amy UsSubject—"Can Louise

in the the wisps wind Of Julia Secand Child; A. the treaty "Since Versailles there of has

I see in patterned deLyman only shadows Andbeen desire of for international a wave coretary F. Julia Lund; Magazine signs.

* * isoperation. the Language of one editor, C. Kimball; members Mary twist road Let bend myobstacles in the international of underway

I. it roll the of without L. Let attending A. Y. M. Ifstanding. the fails end—stilland conference economic

a give road! Give a road! Ah, me me President were Ruth Fox; shall May have intensewe more nationalism and

if we get back to that, tariffs will be Counselor Clarissa A. Beesley.

B S O Y

By IDA REES

One little son, Two little sons, Three little sons and four Five little sons, Brave little ones, And ours forevermore.

Climbing our hopes, Crowded our hearth, Flooded our days with joys-—Blissful our hearts, Busy our hands, With oh! so MANY boys.

One little son, Two little sons, Three little sons and four The littlest one Has fall'n asleep To waken here no more.

Vanished our hopes, Vacant our hearth, Idle the tools and toys Grieving our hearts, Groping our hands, For one of our five boys.

One little son, Two little sons, Three little sons and four Little new one!

Oh, welcome, son!

And there are FIVE once more!

Placid our hopes, Peaceful our hearth, This five our time employsLonging our hearts,

Lonely our hands, For ah! so FEW, our boys.

l unken

Punken Pies I But never was there such a pie maker as Mrs. Munn or a

fie eater such as Peter proved to be.

Even a great LO VE for pies sometimes works miracles.

"There's a charming little widow, because I am poor,"she would think, bitterly, though

Who keeps a candy shop, she never spoke of it to anyone else, not even to Ted.

Where all the children buy their chewing gum. She was very proud.

She sells taffy for a penny, "One hundred dollars!"She Her name is on the door—said these words so often, they

Oh, there's music in the face of Widow Dunn!"got into her prayers, and once

when Johnny Smith asked the price of so there was, music in her very laugh, and the said, calmly, kite, sheANDit was all true about the chewing gum and "One Hundred dolbig blue taffy. lars!"and he alIn the rhyme the name is Dunn, but Munn does most fell over

just as well, and the children sang the words at her backward.

till she was tired of hearing them. Why, i t

But she never said so. was a for-

"Dear little things,"she would say, "they do tune. Never

think it is such a joke!"and would nod, or laugh out did she expect

of her pretty brown eyes, at them, when they passed to have that the shop, singing. much money

But alas! life wasn't all a joke for the little woman. at one time;

There wasn't much of a fortune in chewing gum, yet that was and though she worked hard to keep the small shop going, there was all the housework, then the garden in summer, and always Ted.

"Yes, thank God, always Ted!"she would say,

as she patted the smooth black head and little crooked back.

Of course Ted could tend shop; it was such a tiny

place, he could reach almost everything from his chair;

but it tired him so, poor little chap!

"Oh, mother, what good am I?"he would say,

dismally, when she would insist upon his going to bed, pale and shaking, after holding out too long.

"For mother to love,"she always answered; and

that comforted him.

"And my poor boy must be a cripple all his life

By GRACE M. GREER

Illustrated by PAUL CLOWES

"Do you calk'late on that punken of yourn fur Thanksgiven pies?"called a voice over the fence.

"Well, I hope so, Peter,"answered the widow, looking up pleasantly.

the sum that would take Ted into the hospital, where he might be made as straight and strong as other boys.

That great physician Dr. King himself had said so.

He had been visiting the village, and saw Ted one day when he came in to buy a fishing line.

"Send him up to Boston, Madam,"said he, after he had examined him through professional curiosity.

"Nothing so serious here that we cannot set it right."

And she had watched his professional back all the way down the street with aching eyes.

She never told Ted, who hated "the ugly man"for hitting his poor back so, but day and night the words burned in her brain.

She wrote and made all inquiries. Yes, that was

the price to be paid, and it might as well have been a thousand.

The little shop was the front room of the very oldest house in all the town.

Years before Grandfather Munn had built it, filled it with his books and called it "his little library."

It looked very much like a round collar box, or a slice of jelly cake, with windows on two sides, and a door back and front.

The house was divided into three parts. "Cut it

HEN father died Ted was only five just like a pie,"mother had told the carpenter; "the

years old, and mother looked like a front half for the shop; the other part into two

Since then, after Ted fell out quarters, one for the kitchen, and the other for the that apple tree and hurt his bedroom."

back, and mother and he had And here, where grandfather had stored his dusty moved into the round house, old books, were displayed jars of peppermint, boxes mother had some gray of lozenges, chewing gum and a few toys.

hairs, and her face A little window, cut in by the front door, was gay wasn't so rosy; but she with kites, pans of taffy and bright pinwheel paper.

"was the most beautiful A few useful things, such as fishing line and pins, woman in the world,"filled the case on the short counter; a little bell tinkled

as Ted always said. when you pushed open the door; and a sign swung

718 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

over it, "A. Munn, Confectionslice of punken, which same I tuck, tell tell me what to git,

ery,"painted in blue letters. and I ain't never forgot it."jist gimme you—youa pie when you git done,

"And with the garden, where we "I'm glad you liked it, Peter,"and take the rest fur your trouble.

can raise vegetables and lots of said the widow, her eyes dancing What do you say?"

flowers,"mother had said, "we with fun. "That those rolls are burning,

shall do very well.""I've told more people 'bout that sure as life. Come round to the

The first money went for the pie! Nowhere / go can I git a taste kitchen!"and away she flew. "Stay

padded chair on wheels. like it. 'Mis,'says I, ''Tain't the and have breakfast with Ted and

little of me,"drawing the pan of puffy rolls "And now I can help!"cried same—too much or too

'tain't like the widfrom the oven, while he stoodTed, after the first proud journey somethen—t t tt

through the three rooms. "I can ow s. watching her from the doorway.

tend shop, and with a longhandled "Why, Peter, I feel awfully flat- "Have you got your wagon with shovel I really think I could dig tered. You deserve the prettiest you?"peeping out through the

the garden!"And he looked so chrysanthemum in the bunch,"hollyhocks to where a gray horse

happy that mother smiled brightly; handing one over the fence, which and a covered wagon, filled with

but for some reason, after she left he took with awkward pleasure. bright tinware, stood in the shade.

him "to shut down that cellar "Well, as I was sayin',"fasten- "You go tie him and come back.

door,"she buried her face in her ing the flower in his threadbare I'll call Ted, and we'll talk things over,"breaking the steaming rollsapron, and sobbed as if her heart coat, "I'm a lonely critter—don't

would break. have no home comforts. Now, if apart, setting the flowers by Ted's

Three years had gone since then, I was ter git the punken and fixens, plate as she did so. "Company to

the little shop had paid enough to couldn't you make up a batch of breakfast, son,"she called softly, keep them comfortable, but that them pies, and let me have a couple as the sound of his wheels came one hundred dollars was never out of 'em?"gazing up at her shrewdly. from the next room, and Peter's

gravel. foot the sounded on "Hope cried all heart!"with "Why, my it a her wasof and mind; now

like you'll as well did as you them I don't want the "only widow, before Day. Thanksgivingmonth

said, pie,"the gayly. she to anything."provide you / a thankful woman "What

set to out "Anything do you er out 'em to "Calk'lating make if blessed that be I onlyshould had can't beat, be Mis'answerMunn,"lean a pointing that punken?"the thoughtmoney!"Widow Peter, gallantly, ed and beamTed globe. finger green at theMunn. ed approvingly. little it doubt- a look does "Well, chrysanclipping white She was

ful, anxious frown doesn't it?"an table breakfast for thethemums little a gay SUCH to as she stooped forehead, her fraon rolls baked, and awhile the it all It as breakfast was! was it. thump boiled fresh cocoa ofgrant odor settled pies the Peter before about

came out in the little garden. "Decidedly,"swinging his long left, and somehow his kind, homely

fence, the and stooping legs over calk'late that punon you "Do in his eyes face, and the look when astonished the beside down fur of Thanksgiven yournken wheeled himself into out the little Ted 'Tain't nothen but woman. fence. over the a voice calledpies?"garden, the made little widow take it knowingly. tapping punk,"so, Peter,"answer- "Well, I hope into her confidence. "I him

ed the widow, looking up pleasThe pathetic little story of the antly. coveted hundred dollars was told,

Peter was long and lank and and when she broke down in it the freckled, but his mild blue eyes had earnest grasp of his hard hand com- a kindly expression. forted her beyond telling.

"Well, I can tell you you "Sho, now!"he said, kindly.

needn't,"he said. "Don't git it. Why, cry—you'll if turn it doesn't "Well, out I'll help that no, not you—no, pies then,"well, no pumpkin as she "I'll way!"drew back. do

laughing, as she stood facing him. better. Jist you leave it to me, and

"No, you don't mean that!"in if next time I come I ain't thought

aruther—."sympatheticThentone.he stopped"Well, shortnow outlars, a youplan canto getgothatbackhundredon makendolin embarrassment. 'They'll have that pie!"

a-plenty of 'em down to the store,"And they parted, the best of hesitatingly. friends, the widow immensely

"No doubt of it,"said the cheered by his comforting words;

widow, brightly, "but, as I say, if and the tin peddler climbed into that pumpkin refuses to ripen, no his wagon with a serious look on pumpkin pies."his thin face.

"Look er here, Mis'Munn. I've "Go on, Bess,"he called, softly,

got a plan. If you'll agree, done to the gray mare. "We've got a

it is,"bringing his brown fist down tough knot to think out today, old with a thump. "You 'member lady; but we'll do it, or my name

that day you bought the skillet off ain't Peter Tarbox."

o'me, and I come into the kitchen And down the long road they fur the change? Well, you was a- At Martin's Cove Marker went in the shade of the trees, the

baken pies, and you offered me a (Continued on page 764)

pundred Tears zjigoA By RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR

A page from my Treasures of Truth

OFTEN wondered how a pros- '"pHE Stringham family is of prairie states of Indiana and Illinois.

left state the winter in York We New settlers descent, early English after years felt pector when of in 1834, outbarns camping and States of the of England New hills he the where of scouringI arthe buildings along way. We America. George marStringham turned gold, he be therefelt in rived the must Kirtland, Ohio, where

up a piece of rich ore. Now I ried Polly Hendrickson. Their Saints were gathering that spring. We

know. children were Sabra, Briant, Jereremained in Kirtland four years. The

Three years ago I started my miah, Elmeda, George and BenKirtland Temple was finished in the winter Briant time jamin. and and (1836) began truth book, and oftreasure

Jerry the to cut other with boys wood earliest recollection our the "From we concerning materialcollecting fires plaster, the to the while keep dry lived a near farm on Jamestown, grandpioneerlives four of my little children other gathElmeda with

Co., Chautauqua York. The New find things to easy Itparents. was bits ered glass dishes of and broken country heavily was had wooded; we fine Grant, quite were which broken Grandfather and about upwritten

a house, fourroom long of one room in plasthe mortar used with mixed Young's been Brighamfor he had father's which workshop. was was He tering the Temple. first of the mayorcounselor and a barrels, baskets, cooper and made 4th, July with went 1838, we "On find I could City.Salt It buckets, Lake measures And of and wood. Saints, a journeying of company 500

clear years to four the timtook heavy Grandmothers ofa record my Ilhorse Springfield, to teams with acre ber four farm. our from And but Ashby, Ivins Susan andRachel linois. Jerry father Briant helped and

the then land poor, impoverished was aboutpractically nothing my shingles. cut blocks of wood The the timber heavy underbrush. by and Stringham, in Briant large steamed tanks. wereGrandfather The

It raised corn, prowheat poor and but large first blocks then a were under put the in west come hadwho potatoes vegeother duced good and fitted into knife a and frame which was Young. with Brighamcompany tables.

He had never even had his picture "We used corn bread altogether, leverthe knifeto slicepressedoff thedownshingles.by means of a

only a short cake baked mothertaken. when

seeas children of remember "We flour for breakfast of wheat Sunon the of records I the in searched tall a the at ing quiet standing man days. floors the insand had on We there office, thinking shingles father shop doorhistorian's watching cut

carpets. stead of the Saturday Each said his they and his was name of Abraham at the time perhapswould floor clean scrubbed swept and was and Lincoln. in about a him be words fewdeath sand white the brought near from children older school attended "The files Deseret the News. ofthe old creek quite sprinkled the over deep and Kirtland, in winters while Ohio. two five floor. I board looked a up word.Not my textbook, but one "Cobb's had They

at stoves had but cooked no "We still living, asking themuncles Spelling Elementary from Book,"fire. fireplace the a over open wood An the joined Grandfatherwhen reading, writing, taught which and was

built at side sometimes the oven of was early his of something spelling. andChurch Briant a soon became good

fillthe fireplace heated which was by in alife. school writing taught and penman did not know. They On it coals, live ing the with removing Sabra's the winter during house long I cousin atrip to found Canada coals the in before to bread put was a evenings to for those term 50c who he well, but him had knownwho bake. in front ovens of placed Tin

free pupils could for those and pay help. givecould fireplace the also no used. were me gento pay. too poor always was He

fruit blackberries "Our wild was best, to I no but done had my friend. erous to help loved a and

apples. crab wild and sugar was Our Philavail. one Uncle day pretty "Briant Then were and Elmeda

forest. trees in the the maple made from

is singers. the of songs This his one temple his winter we fromon way the early gathspring the In very boys the President sang during of campaign at St. stopped George, inwork trees ered the the boiled sap and from Harrison: William Henry livvisited cousins some andManti it that sugar. to had make down We

tell 'Oh, where, where, your was me almost there. gaveing him They only. kind

a dozen closely typewritten pages. "The nurse who helped mother at buckeye cabin made,

It the boys, merry was among made birth a gave from ewe lamb me my incidents a of compilationIt was spade, the wield hoe and who raised a sheep. of which number we family dates Stringham of theand the stands, in the log cabin Where sheared the Father sheep mother and lived they a farm the time onfrom shade.'buckeye bonny it the into hired spun wool and woven the joining beforein York New at cloth a clothing "In Springparade campaign from which our was

Church in 1832, until they came made, also the sheet blankets for our field for William Henry Harrison for to Salt Lake Valley. Julia Harbeds. President, Briant was seated on the

mon Kesler had written this record "While here at Jamestown, Mother limb of a buckeye tree beside a raccoon from the information given her by and Father joined the Mormon on a log cabin float drawn by 14 yoke

Grandfather's sister and brother, Church (about 1832). Many meetof oxen.

Elmeda Stringham Kesler and Jereings were held at our house before a "In 1840 we moved to Nauvoo, Illinois. sick meetinghouse with taken was was Mother built and we oftenmiah Stringham.

chills fever. living the Prophet Smith. were saw Joseph and We

Here are a few pictures of the "On account of the poor land and a board shanty; winter was coming onin

every day life of 100 years ago expense of clearing off the heavy timand we suffered much from cold. Briant

taken from those pages ber, people were moving west to the (Continued on page 732) "\)ampire"Currency Million for a Loaf of BreadA

COMPARATIVE SCALE OF it is interesting to review the effects notes. Finally it became so inconDEPRECIATION OF of such an extremity as that which venient to keep notes under 1000

THE MARK overtook Germany in 1922 and marks that tourists would leave

Normal: 4.2 marks for $1.00; Jan1923 just as she was striving to small change from purchases on

uary, 1919, 8.02; January, 1920, 49.8; recover from the effects of war and table tops and counters, picking out

January, 1921, 75 marks for $1.00; revolution. only the larger notes. Thus, waitJune, marks; 1922, 188 January, in the habit of ers were and clerks decrease to began mark As the 1922, 7,650; December, 1922, 273; of quantities great keeping on hand dollar, to as the compared recovery; June, in value, 7,260; 1923, January,

1923, 75,000; August, 1923, 1,100,- wages doubled, but commodities smaller notes for change, knowing

000; September, 1923, 9,700,000; Ocand foodstuffs jumped 5000 perthey would be left for them as tips.

tober, 1923, 242,000,000; November, cent and more. Bank clerks and

Decemand 130,000,000,000; 1923, bletv other whitecollar employees found A S the German people found the the lid 1923, at the time ber 14,

off, 4,200,000,000,000. that although their wages had been purchasing value of a 5000

increased many times the prewar mark note had decreased so that it

OULD inflation or other chaserate, theysufficientwere foodstill unablefor theirto fampur- bread,would therebarelywaspurchasegreat murmuringa loaf of conditions ever raise the ilies, let alone clothing and other among them. To appease these

price of bread in the United necessities. malcontents, the government issued StatesC to one million dollars a loaf? Judging from this, imagine the a new 10,000 mark note with the

"Impossible!"you cry. "Why, plight of the laborer. cut of a working man in the corner.

that's absurd."The German currency at first Evidently having participated in

Yet, twenty years ago to have consisted of enormous quantities of the fall of the mark sufficiently to said in Germany that a loaf of paper made in small denominations agree with the populace that the bread would soon issuance of such cost four million inflated currency marks would was literally have brought "sucking the life forth equally blood of the emphatic proworking man,"tests. the engraver of

Inflation o r the new banknote "reflation,"call embodied such a it what you will, thought in his decannot help but sign by cleverly affect our living etching in, the conditions, but face of a vampire

">-./*: v.-., with her mouth of course can,-*#.*t >': \jjf:- "'- ".': ";.#;; '.''".'J./:

never bring to A >. 149 % at the throat of

the United States the workman as such an aggravatmay be observed ed, radical situaby holding the tion as that which occurred in A 500,000,000 Mark Note note vertically with the head of

Germany, unless the impossible the workman to the left. The

should happen, namely a revoluand comparatively few of higher sharp, pointed nose of the "vamtion which would upset our present value, but in desperation, the govpire"is to be plainly seen just beform of government. Nevertheless ernment began to issue 5000 mark low his ear, the point of her chin

By TREBOR H. TIMS

An American traveler relates his experience while visiting Germany during the period of great inflation following the World War. The article ought

to be of interest just now when the gold dollar', unlike the leopard has changed its uspots "

Ten Thousand Mark Note—"The

Vampire."See the Vampire as described in article.

touching his chin, while her mouth short notice. She was privileged they rushed to change their dollars

is at his throat. to be with her mother but a brief as quickly as possible to avoid losThe head of the "vampire"is time when the expected happened. ing such a bargain as 6000 marks

shrouded in a black cowl, formed After the funeral my wife cabled for a dollar. Thus far this had

by the collar of his shirt. Some me to come at once, if possible, visit been the latest quotation reported

claim the effect was accidental, but Germany and then accompany her by the ship's newspaper. Great

the thought was thoroughly conhome. was the rejoicing of those who

veyed that the inflation was drainSoon afterwards I landed in found the banks paid them 10,000 ing the life blood of the worker. Bremerhaven, journeying by boat marks for a single dollar.

train from there to Bremen. Our

DRESS of business during boom ship, the liner Roosevelt, was of DROBABLY the most important days just preceding and after course dry under United States prodaily news item from then on the Great War had long delayed our hibition laws and upon our arrival was the notation in the date line trip to Europe and plans long nearly everyone hurried to the nearof each paper:

formulated were continually being est place where a drink could be "The dollar stands today postponed. Fate, however, interobtained. After that duty was permarks."

there the I big rush to came this of reminded by the am of the aged mothervened when into my changeformed marks. money German issue scare recent in a of headline

ill in Gerdangerouslywife took chief the topics aboard our newspaper: home Among

many in 1922. Fearing she might ship had been the increasing value "New Ban on Gold Makes Dolnever see her parent again, my wife of the dollar compared to the mark. lar Drop on Foreign Exchanges."

made hurried arrangements and left Many fellow passengers feared the What if conditions should arise for her native land alone, it being mark would have become stabilized in the United States by which our impossible for me to leave on such before we landed, consequently money would be so inflated that 722 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

foreign visitors would find it postravelers'checks in $5.00 denomiEven after my wife patiently exsible to meet all expenses of a trip nations despite the protest of the plained the situation, the old gento America and actually make bank clerk that it was foolish not tleman apparently could not commoney by such a trip because of to take larger ones for more conprehend it, for when he accomthe ability to purchase merchandise venience. Later you will see how panied me to the nearest barber

at such a great advantage that it advantageous these smaller denomshop he was horrified when they could be disposed of at enormous inations proved to be. charged me 50 marks for a shave

profits on their return home? and hair trim. Imagine his conWhat if English and French A T the pier I was met by my sternation when I again proffered

citizens found they could come here wife and soon after we arrived 500 marks to the barber as a tip, with a few hundred pounds sterat my fatherin-law's home, where or ten times the charge for the shave ling or five or six hundred francs I, was warmly greeted. My trunks and trim. Needless to say the barand live like millionaires? and luggage arrived shortly and as ber himself was effusively grateful.

Such was the condition I found the baggagemen had carried them Because of my inability to speak existing in Germany in 1922 and up a steep flight of stairs and then the language I would have been 1923, due to the inflation of the stood hat in hand, I gave each of much handicapped and subject to mark. them a 500mark note, which at the "Auslandsteuer,"or foreigner's

The embargo on gold exports the rate of exchange then, could tax, which would have made my from the United States will result not have amounted to more than purchases cost seven or eight times in an increase of prices on all goods two and onehalf cents each. But more, had it not been for my wife,

and materials in our country, but imagine the surprise, consternation who handled the money, paying as was the case in Germany, wages and indignation of my wife's aged chauffeurs, trainmen and "Gepackand salaries will rise nowhere near parent, who being sheltered from traegers"(baggage carriers); orderin proportion. So, possibly a brief a direct understanding of the dising meals and in fact doing everyaccount of my experiences during astrous results of the inflation, thing to which ordinarily I should

"The flight of the mark"may be could not comprehend such an exhave attended.

of interest and perhaps of value. travagant tip, and remarked to my This became such a fixed habit

My wife, being of German birth, wife in German, of course, "Mein that upon our return to the Unitedof course spoke German fluently—! Is your husband so crazy States in the Pennsylvania station

and English quite perfectly because that he gives these men a month's I handed her the wallet as usual of some twentyfive years residence wages for a tip?"and said, "I guess you had better

in America. This was of great Picture yourself in a similar posibuy the tickets for home."

service and value to me as I lacked tion. Witness two transfer men I realized my error when she reknowledge of the German tongue. each receiving $125.00 as a tip. plied, "What is the matter now;

One of our first experiences of Then you can imagine what he have you forgotten how to speak the effects of the inflation was the thought of me. English?"

cablegram which she sent advising When first I arrived in Germany my journey to Germany. Ordiit was difficult to become accusnarily, the message would have cost tomed to pay three or four thouabout $10.00, or in prewar Gersand marks for a meal. The amount

man money, about 42 marks. seemed staggering, especially when

Being sent from a comparatively those around continually spoke of small German city, the pompous the terribly high prices, which to postmaster in charge of the govthe natives were exorbitant.

ernment cable office created quite a I saw former professional men, stir among those present in the doctors, lawyers and even ministers

Post Office by announcing in a anxious to carry our luggage in the loud voice, "The most expensive hope of earning a tip of 100 marks message ever sent from this office or so (less than one cent) which has just been placed by an American represented to them a good day's lady. It amounts to the sum of pay. Then I began to perceive the

40,750 marks!"Can we picture ill effects of the inflation.

their surprise and amazement that Before leaving New York I paid an American woman could be so 75 cents for a trunk strap and in extravagant as to pay out such a Berlin I purchased a beautiful great sum—the equivalent of $10,- leather suit case, displayed in a shop000 (prewar value)—to send a window for 10,000 marks, reprecablegram? The actual expense senting but 50 cents, or less than

of the message was but $3.00. I had paid for the strap alone.

Incidentally, the cablegram also This was only the beginning.

called to my attention the difference As the dollar increased in value, its in time between our Western home purchasing power became greater and Germany (eight hours) which Two Pioneers Meet and greater.

old photographer Jackson, year 80caused the cablegram

President Albert George to arrive the and itday before was sent. Trails Smith, TN Leipzig, needing an overcoat, AssociaUtah and Landmarks

Taking a cue from letters I had tion. I purchased a very fine one, latest

received from my wife, I purchased style, for less than $3.60. I had

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 723

two suits made to measure from appearance of the city is changed. elderly persons who had scrimped

good materials for about $5.00 In permanent buildings created for throughout their lives to save suffor both. With a "spatzierstock"exhibition purposes, great crowds ficient to live a meager, but inde-

(cane), and my German haircut assemble and all languages are pendent, old age. Finding, say

and mustache trim I made a fairly spoken. 20,000 marks left in the bank, they

presentable German and one day Because of my ignorance of the found this sum insufficient to purwhile my wife was wearing her German language I was fortunate chase even a slice of bread. So,

American clothes we were twice acto have my wife for interpreter. At suicide seemed the only way out.

costed upon entering stores with the fair we noticed a certain wellWe learned of a widow, sick and the greeting, "What may we show appointed gentleman had followed unable to find work, who had two the German gentleman and the us for some time, listening attensmall children and an older daughAmerican lady?"much to the detively to the able way in which my ter, the latter their sole support,

light of my German wife. "interpreter"translated questions working for a small pittance. The

The dollar soon bought 40,000 and answers into English. mother quietly let herself into the

marks and I have in my memorFinally he approached us, raised river one night that by her sacrifice anda a note that five of us enjoyed his hat, bowed, and in German the money ordinarily spent for her a good dinner and attended the apologized for addressing her, then medicine might be used to buy food

Charlottenberg Opera with the asked if she was permanently enfor the little ones.

total expense but $1.20 in United gaged as my interpreter, for if not Many of the older persons were

States money, for the entire party. he would like to employ her to take saved the ignominy of suicide by

As more and more currency was charge of his exhibit, provided her passing into a paralytic sleep, which printed less careful protection was services were not too expensive. changed into death because of lack

shown in the engraving. Finally Turning to me, my wife laughof oil in their systems, meat and

cheaper paper and a smaller size was ingly asked what reply to make, butter being too expensive for used for the million mark note than and as her weekly expense allowthem. Their coffins were often

for the 10,000 mark note. Instead ance had been about $25.00 before mere shells of cardboard, shaped

of printing and protecting both we left America I advised her to and painted to represent caskets, sides of the banknote, the million tell the gentleman she was accusbut having no bottoms. In one

mark note had one side entirely tomed to five million marks weekly. small town we saw a pitiful problank. The fivehundred-million As he was about to depart in concession filing into the cemetery. The

mark was still smaller and less prefusion, my "guide"explained I little corpse was wrapped in cloth, tentious. was her husband, which elicited a which was covered with a wreath

Before issuance of the 10,000 profuse apology for having preor two of paper flowers and transand higher values the problem of sumed to address her. ported on a small hand wagon to

carrying so much currency was a A/fANY tragedies resulted from the grave, where without even a real one. In fact on one occasion the extreme inflation and there box for a coffin it was lowered to

I found it necessary to purchase a occurred at this time an epidemic its final resting place amid the sobs valise to accommodate change for of suicides principally among the and cries of loved ones.

$10.00. With the aid of a Lutheran minIt was then I received my reward ister of the small town in which

for the writer's cramp incurred my wife was reared, we were able when I signed so many $5.00 travto help a few of the more destitute

elers'checks before leaving the by sending each month, for nearly

United States. Tourists, who a year after our return, a small sum

formed part of the line in the in United States money. This

mornings at banks, regretted their kept five or six families in coal, large denominations, for on many groceries and meat. The minister,

occasions I have seen Americans although in straitened circumturned down by harassed cashiers stances, refused any of this money and tellers with the statement that for his own needs and accounted there were insufficient marks on strictly by letter for every cent.

hand to cash a $10.00 traveler's It was remarkable how this small

check. It was sometimes even sum, converted into marks, was

necessary to be first in line to obtain able to do so much under his careful change for $5.00. administration.

TXT'HILE in Leipzig we visited Inability to meet the constantly the "Messe,"which occurs increasing taxes, forced many proptwice yearly. On this occasion the erty holders to sell out to foreignentire city of Leipzig becomes a ers for insignificant sums, in foreign

giant fair. Exhibitors from all exchange, until a law was passed

parts of the world present their prohibiting sale of real estate to newest and best and in many in- "Auslanders."

stances storekeepers place their own Because of the "easy pickings"goods in the rear of the store and crowds of foreigners from Amerrent the front space to exhibitors, Placing the Plaque on the Marker ica and countries surrounding Gerwho place a temporary sign over at Rock Creek, Wyoming many, filled the stores, cafes, thethe store front. Thus the entire (Continued on page 731)

Beloved (Cinderella L y By MARY IMLAY TAYLOR iiJ:

III

NCLE said this see, I'm adopted; I'm Ettawas to be"Uyour room."Etta spoke Blanchard, a dead brother's

coldly. She had been standing by child. Uncle had no one; he's

the door silently, appraising every lost several children by his first line and curve of Star's face and wife—oh, yes, he's been married

figure, keenly aware that the newtwice. And the last child was

course.comer's hair and eyes were exceedstolen—that's you, of

me. I was to haveingly"It's—beautiful!"lovely. said Star, adoptedHe'd given up hope, and hewith a long breath. "Only I can't everything, but—now—"she

quite believe it's all for me!"shrugged her pretty shoulders

The other girl stared at her "you've turned up!"

haughtily. "I should think it Star's face changed quickly.

would be rather a surprise. It is "I don't want to take anything

to me! No sooner does Uncle from you; please don't think

he's a millionaire, of course you that of me!"

Etta gave her a perplexedknow that?—come down here and

take this show place for the season, look. "You're centainly origthan a new claimant appears! Oh, inal!"she said lightly. "You

can't help taking things now,yes, we've had others—whenever a

reward was advertised. How in can you? You are Mary Agnes

the world did you hear about it Blanchard, the only child of one all so soon?"she asked, a little of America's richest men."

scornfully. Star's face clouded. "I see,"

Star's young face went white. she said gravely. "I'd like to

"I don't know what you mean!"feel that you were all glad that

she said in a low voice. I'd been found!"

There was a little awkward "Oh, I'm awfully glad!"

silence, the two looking at each Etta gave her a flashing glance other, and it was Etta who flushed that showed her fine eyes. "But

hotly at last. we mustn't stand here talking.

"Oh, I didn't mean you were an We dine in about five minutes;

imposter!"she protested. "Of you ought to be dressed. I

course Uncle Blanchard knows wonder i f it's you can wear rabout that, but—oh, well,

queer, isn't it?"any of my HZL

"I never knew one word about clothes?"ft

it until to the Nelson came Mr. "Oh, jP!Hgate told don't and Blanchard me Mr. wanti w

wanted to see me,"Star said to!"Star

quietly. drew back.

Then she came a step nearer, "Besides, I Bpli looking intently at the dark sullen dined hours fl

Iface, the beautiful gown, the jewelago—have

down?"HIled "I—wouldhands. you mind telling me got to come

who you are?"she asked, with a

simple kind of dignity that made ETTA'Sher seem young and girlish. "You a musement

see, I'm a stranger. I have to ask, deepened.

and you don't seem to like me.""O f course

The other girl laughed hysteryou must!

ically. "Oh, I suppose I'm a bit Uncle would

sore,"she admitted frankly. "You be displeased

In which Stargrass, the beloved Cinderella meets another 'young man—James Sinclair Carr—and is visited by

Pap Binney.

A young man emerged from the shadow behind Etta. "Here!"the magnate turned with dignity. "Mary Agnes,

I want to present a young friend and loyal adviser of mine, James Sinclair

Carr."

I'll send my—thatif you didn't.cotton thing!You can't wear that maid to you, I—"the girl turned

suddenly to the door, but not so suddenly that Star did not see that she was crying.

"Etta!"she ran to her cousin

and caught impulsively at her hand.

"You're in trouble—I'm so sorry!"

726 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

Etta covered her eyes with her prettily, holding out her slim amusement; there were no tears in

other hand; tears choked her. For brown hand; "let's be friends."them now, only a bright spot of

a moment her whole young body "Friends!"he wrung her slencolor in the girl's cheeks.

shook with a tempest of passion der fingers. "If you want any- "She hates me!"Star thought, and anger. thing just remember—I'll try to as she was led into the dining- "Oh!"Star cried, tears in her rub Aladdin's lamp for you—any room by her father and placed at own eyes, "can't I help you—can't old time!"his right hand.

I?"She laughed. "It's been rubbed "We'll let Etta keep the head of Etta shook herself free. "Let me already! Only—"she broke off, the table for tonight,"he said

the tall everytoward gray headed—oh,alone!"she sobbed fiercely. "You her gray eyes lifted almost timidly jestingly; "you're the guest of man honor, Mary Agnes!"

thing. I the library. don't from who emerged you'veI—don'tcometouchto spoilme;

to hate Let you! want me alone!"There's—Father!"

cried she and stood still. again breaking and, away she breathed, S TAR had the strangfrom Star, she ran out of the room, Blanchard's glance swept the est feeling of unreality. The slamming the door behind her. young figure in the faded cotton. name was strange, and the place—Star turned from the violently "I thought—"he turned frownShe looked about her with dazzled

shut door with a chill of disaping on Etta, who had followed him eyes. The big square room was pointment and dismay. She was—"I thought you'd get your cousin singularly cool and refreshing; the

not welcome here. Her coming was dressed!"he said sharply. shaded lights, the elaborate table

draperies its glass, the filmy with all it Etta reddened. "I bringing had tried—she trouble—and

stirring gently the long windows the I suppose things of a wouldn't. like seemed so so wonderful,

all seemed part of fairybook! But now? didn't fit,"she added hurriedly. in the breeze—it

She switched off the lights. In But Blanchard gave his hand to a dream. Etta, sitting opposite,

the darkened room she stood lookStar. was talking lightly to Carr, while

ing at the miracle of moonlight on "Come, Mary Agnes, dinner's Blanchard, after a desultory effort the sea and the garden, and she felt been delayed for a new daughter of to draw Star out, turned to Nelson.

anew the thrill of its enchantment. the house. Oh, by the way, where's They were discussing some changes

Then Blanchard's face rose before Carr?"in Blanchard's plans, Nelson listenhis his the while eyes met Star's and It incredible. father! was—herher, astute, dominant, resourceful ing and answering gravely; but all YOUNG reassuring, man look, A kind comand it doubted haveStar would altoemerged the from shadow behind

girl. forted the tears; for Etta'sgether but maniEtta. "Here!"

festly, Etta believed it. It was too The magnate turned with digThen her father turned to urge

sudden, too bewildering; Star nity. "Mary Agnes, I want to her to eat.

could not think. She was still present a young friend and loyal "You're taking nothing,"he

standing in the fragrant darkness adviser of mine, James Sinclair said kindly.

when the French maid came, her Carr."Star blushed. "I've had one

arms full of some shimmering Star held out a frank hand and dinner and supper already today,"mauve thing. Carr bowed formally over it, she protested smiling.

this try will "If mademoiselle eyes. smiling into Sleek, her up his pleased; she not was saw He softly, suggested she lookingon,"girl looking, the good intuitively face change and knew young—yet girl. at theadmiringly "Madeface. like his not did."that the she hated that he thought it,moiselle sent Etta is a for "This happy moment she—shop. dined the over had Binney violently. Star her head shook all!"us gracefully. he murmured girl's in color the deepened The I'll just old wear"No! Star back, blushing. drew She this—my felt face; place she of out and replied a shepink with gingham,"felt Etta's awkward, she and saw at bewildered, the looked down, that pridetouch of from shrank flash eyes like dark with something plate. forks her array of beside ForEtta's her forced kindness; but

heart was beating in her throat and an instant she was embarrassed;

her cheeks were aflame when she she put out a nervous hand, descended the wide staircase. grasped a fork and lifted it, heard

Etta giggle and caught the flash of

John Nelson, standing in the laughter in Carr's eyes. Suddenly

lower hall, thinking of many Star felt suffocated; the room was

things, but most poignantly that too small for her. She laid the

James Carr had come—summoned

by telephonecall from Etta, as he >!!*#!*y wasfork takendownaway,and presentlythe food untasted.her plateknew—caught his breath at the She knew that her father noticed it;

sight of Star. he had dropped his talk with Nel-

"Gosh!"he murmured to himson and he dispatched the reselfthought—andunguardedly,I'm"lovelieronly thethanpoorI flingingmainder a ofwordthe nowmealandin thenhaste,tosecretary here and she's—the magCarr.

nate's daughter. Just my luck!""By the way, I wish you'd come

Then his spirits rose, for she with me into the library and tell gave him the friendliest smile. me about that railroad merger,"he "I knew you first,"she said PAP BINNEY said, as he rose from the table.

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 727

"Etta, you look out for Mary voice cool and reassuring. "It a child, she put her hand out and

Agnes, can't you?"was nothing really! An absurd he took it gravely.

fret to thing happened asked. she "We're not?""Why about—you use that fork, to the was wrong friends, aren't you've we? And risen had H/ who TTA, all."I will, to help got me. know."You to the half door,and was way Star's eyes fork?"wrong "The for a did answer not moHe carelessly Star. toturned "Of flashed in the dark. scorn Then hers. closed his over ment, but handcourse! get we'll Come, and go she the marble dropped upon down little I see, a think I'm "You likesthe tables bridge ready; Uncle see,""I balustrade thought. and a she frightened,"with wentbridge. she course play?"you Of last. trifling isn't at said "It she can't soft, laugh. nervous inadded, a laughter "I—Ion with of gleam

; they to people Etta such realize that Agnes Mary and—and eyes.her I'm—I'm mocking forks. save souls with Comall to this that belongs me!"Star—and did answer. not She had and Binney Pap it I groaned. wish "Oh, He theirfolks—likerisen, too, her Nelson and saw it fasting. prayer with and didn't. I—"walkturned he and monme—do flame.cheeks adalways had He it's I serious; see have But her, his ed stood with from away it—I'llmired tonight Etta Blanchard, but to learn!"her, staring blindly toward back teach to lesson. longed ahe her "It doesn't matter whether you night. into theShe badly; behaving was anybody far learn not, or couldn't be you first at after in Star looked him, that, seecould he thought, who said, his he anyway!"and wrong surprise as then, she saw and dumb blind. half not didwas Carr But hers. eyes into looked down outline his strong the of young her,not for eyes heed he had no

pale ribbon of light from one figure and his averted face, a newanyone but Star. "He'll change A

his allegiance, confound him!"of the windows fell across her face, light came into her eyes, a soft,

and for a moment they held each surprised understanding. She tookNelson thought angrily, as he

stepped out on the terrace. Blanother, the blue eyes and the gray; an uncertain step toward him, stopchard, absorbed with Carr's news, then Star smiled tearfully. ped and stood still. The soft

would not want his secretary and "You'll have to teach me. Next sounds of the night floated about

the young man had the relief of the time I'll look at you; when I get them, the sweet perfume of flowers

air, something new andhalf hour to himself. the right fork—wink, will you?"filled the

"She's too lovely for them sweet and amazing thrilled the girl's senses. glorblushed She bitterly.too sweet!"he thought Nelson Young a turned without and word spoil her."they don't"I hope joyously. laughed "Fancy( what flediously, softly into house. the back rustle a heard behind him He interfather if your would happen

and a light step hurrying across the cepted that wink, Miss BlanIVterrace. chard!"

voice Star's there?""Are you "'Miss Blanchard'—'Mary Agproved tremulous.sweet Bi and REAKFAST repeated in the Star nes'—"names less if exexciting a simpler, feel no to the out you come "Have voice. feel a strange; "I so low late, slept I perience. Etta had air, asked.night he too?"can't bear those them, names! table to at there the one no was nearer She "Hush!"and came she Please—"appealinglooked up felt criticize, a Star growing and could breathing. her hear quickhe

ly, call 'Star,'"please won't me eyes. in father's her kindness At you're think my? me—I feel I'd so you much first like more—more her they to seemed had I did tonight?"dofriend—what"Tell if calls at 'Star'."someone home me steel; a discovered she hard now

breath. a drew long He "Might she in them. new instant Then warmth he an was r OR it I? softly. Star,"repeated he Carr, of became aware was outlineperplexed, the who then he saw

It's a beautiful "Star! name—talking to Blanchard watching light and the against herof head young

it!""I then; mustn't and do silent her, at Nelson, his meal while everyher, forgot hebehind and girl risen; like frankly, had The pale. It grave was brought and lovely, sothing so was else—she

young! "I can't think of anyher back to earth; she was conthing you did,"he parried. "I scious of new sounds, a bustle in

can only think of how fine it is to the hall, and the butler bringing a have you come out here to listen message to her father. He lookecl

to the sea. Don't you love it?"around at her and smiled.

But she would not be put off. "Finished your breakfast, Mary

"What was the matter?"she quesAgnes? Run along then; one of

tioned stormily, her breath coming the maids will be there to open short. boxes. I knew you wanted a few

"Nothing was the matter."things and wired last night. Some-

"That's a fib!"she flashed at thing's come by the first train.him. "They—"she choked Look the things over and send back

"they laughed at me—I wasn't what you don't want, my child."

eating with my fingers, was I?"Star's gray eyes dilated. "For

He smiled; something in her hot me?"she rose excitedly, a new

anger was so like a child. He color in her cheeks. "I'll go andwanted to tell her she was beautiful look! You're—"she stoppedand he loved her; there was a hot shyly beside his chair—"you'retumult in his heart, but he kept his MA BINNEY awfully good, sir!"

725 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

He reached out a strong hand He looked down at her and his "Oh, Father—was she very

and drew her to him. 'Father',"clever middleaged face softened. young?"

—ifhe correctedthey're notgently.right you"Remembercan have then?""You'd like to go to Paris, Star"Aboutlookedyourupage,at him,MaryexpectingAgnes."

them all exchanged.""Oh!"some show of feeling, but he did

Star was excited at the thought. "Nothing but 'ohs,'it seems,"not even wait for her to speak, he

Would it be a new dress? She he laughed again. "It's a new was already on the stairs.

flashed by Nelson, catching a smilworld for you, Mary Agnes. We've "I've got to see a man on busiing glance as she went, but it was lost each other for a long time, ness,"he explained briefly. "YouCarr who opened the door for her. but I'll make it up to you—"he keep everything you want, no need

He was standing there, correct and stopped to hear a low toned mesto worry over choosing."

smiling in his gray tweeds, his sage from a servant who had come Star was chilled; there seemed

sealbrown head polished smooth upstairs unnoticed. to be something about him that she

and his keen eyes searching hers. Star did not hear it, but her missed. Then she reproached her-

"Ready to choose?"he laughed father's face changed quickly and self. How good he was to her,

'The curtain's going up on the she heard his curt: "Tell him to how generous! It was a moment

first act, Princess!"wait!"When he turned back to before she remembered the leather

Star danced past him, half her his softened mood had disapcases in her hands, and she went pleased at his open admiration. She peared; Star felt vaguely that there to the window in the hall to open

ran, panting, upstairs, for Madewas an element in this aspect of them. The larger one held two

line, the French maid, had told her him that froze the little budding bracelets set with diamonds, a ruby that the boxes were opened in the impulse of affection in her heart. ring and a sapphire pendant; the

upper hall. She began to pull over her boxes smaller case, a single priceless string

impulsively; she meant to ask him of pearls. Star gave a little cry of

if he liked this or that. But she delight and dropped to her knees,

1 T was a big place, like could not now, she was shy again. looking at them. She could only

a room, with windows overlooking She forced herself to ask him cheervaguely surmise their value, but her. Surely, their dazzled beautythe gates It was fully of Windymere. pink. if he liked blue best—or lamp! Aladdin's found hadfull of boxes if it she outfit, "Keep now and Madeline the whole

softly,was taking out a bewildering mass pleases you,"he said again. "By Yesterday—she laughedof new and dainty clothes. Silk the way, here are some things for tears in her eyes—she had ridden

stockings, sandals, growns! Here you that were your mother's."He Mac's old black mule!

was a shimmering blue silk, there drew two leather cases from his Flushed and eager, she sprang to a rose pink crepe, here a miracle in pockets. "I took them out of the her feet, running to the mirror

green. Sport skirts, silk sweaters, safe this morning. Yours now, again to fasten the pearls around

fluffy long coats, hats—everything Mary Agnes."her neck. The light fell on them

Star stood bewildered. Star took the cases, flushed and entrancingly. Star held her

"Oh!"she cried, "how lovely! grave. "Mother's? How I have breath; she had never seen such

I never dreamed of such things, wanted to see her always!"she pearls, far less dreamed that they

never!"cried softly. would ever hang about her neck.

"If mademoiselle will try this Something hidden deep in her, some on."The maid had selected, deftly, woman instinct of adornment, stir-

a pale blue thing for morning wear. JT1E put his hand on red and blossomed.

hair her bright stroked and still at them, gazing She was It fitted perfectly. Turning like her, not "You're much myit. reverently, touching almost them before delightedly the miraround child. glad always she didn't I was a BlanEtta opened door and whenror, breath. Star her caught stolen; were she died you know her. chard toward slowly came A she "I don't myself!"know were born."you when clad in Etta, lovely but stormycried, then, hearing Blanchard's and

deep voice in the hall below, she something toned with the nasturran to the top of the stairs imtiums at her girdle, her black hair pulsively. framing the rich color of her face.

He was coming up. Star saw her in the mirror and

"Will I do, Father?"she asked, turned.

suddenly shy. "Oh, Etta, look!"she cried.

"Just right! I didn't want you "My mother's pearls!"

to wear old clothes, my child."He Etta laughed. "Don't get so

patted her shoulder. "Everything excited over pearls, Mary Agnes,"

to suit, eh?"she said carelessly. "They're lovely,

"Oh, everything!"Star was of course. I've been dying to wear

childishly pleased. "I never them myself, but Uncle's always

the that suchdreamed conviction of having wildest had things—/, keep!"for them."what to you'd back comedon't know

He laughed. "Keep them all. Star's gray eyes softened. "He's

I wasWe'll get something better when told me—mother never knew

we go over to Paris."stolen!"For an instant her face

"Paris?"Star gasped. "Oh, was tender, then the flash of exFather!"BLANCHARD citement lit it up again. "Oh,

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 729

Etta, I think these pearls are won- "Oh, Pap, why didn't you come why didn't you stay and ask forderful!"in? Just look at me—"she let go me just now?"

Etta leaned against the windowof his arm and whirled around Mr. Binney's rugged face cloudframe and watched her, half laughbefore him—"would you know ed, some of the tenderness died suding. "Imagine pearls with a mornme? Honest, would you, Pap?"denly out of it, he knitted his

ing frock like yours,"she mocked. The old man looked at her wistbrows.

"Good gracious, Mary Agnes, take fully. "Got new clothes? My, "I meant to ask for you, Starthem off, they look absurd but you look peachy! Yes, I'd grass, I kinder aimed t'see if you

now! know you, honey, even if you are were satisfied; but, of course, I went

it was all For a second Star's gray eyes rigged up like the Queen of Sheba!"there to find out if—if

sparkled. "As bad as the wrong "It's only a morning frock regular. You see, honey, Ma never

fork?"she asked quickly. that's what they call it, Pap!"Star let on to me until she'd gone an'

Etta colored. "Oh, I'm sorry! said excitedly. "And I've got done it. She seems to have been

But—don'tOf course you'llwear makepearlsmistakes.before oceanstelegraphedand oceanslast night;of things.theyFathercame scaredcouldn't;forit hadfear toI'dbe. stopSeemsher.kinderItwelve o'clock—unless you're goin boxes this morning! It's like like a special Providence that

ing to your own wedding."Cinderella and the fairy godmother, smashed up that rogue, Pharcellus,

in front of our door. He was a Star laughed, but she was still isn't it? And—Pap,"she caught

fingering the necklace lovingly. "I his arm again, her eyes shining, tough one!"

real, "It's been so hard for me to unnever knew before how lovely "look at these pearls—they're

tellpearls were!"to they she me, Pap."were murmured my mother's."

herself, his the darkeyed ignoring through derstand—pleaseslipped her hand Binney Mr. touched them cauStar

cousin who was looking out of the tiously. "My soul, Star, they're arm again, the flush dying out of

window now toward the gates. most as big as navy beans! Reher face and leaving it pale.

"Good gracious!"broke in Etmember that big one Ma b'iled in

ta's laughing voice, "who on earth th'oyster? I was goin't'have it is that old party going to the gate? set for you, but, Lordy, I reckon Mr. BINNEY cleared

Oh, how funny!"you'd turn up your nose at it his throat. "There ain't so much

Star, with the pearls still clasped now!"to tell, Star, Pharcellus, an'some

about her throat, looked around. "No, I wouldn't! But, Pap, more like him, stole you when your

"Pap!"she cried. "Why, it's father an'his folks were in Italy

Pap!"must have been traveling or someShe seemed to feel, rather than thing. He advertised for you, it

Shrines seems, but I never noticedsee, that Etta caught her red lip between her teeth to keep back her By Mary Hale Woolsey wouldn't have connected you up little a girl lost there over with anylaughter. flush of anger ran hot A

serenity to seek dear God's state- T LOVE ways. Pharcellus a dyin'made Star'sall over young and body -* chapel, quiet, peaceful Within some it got ment, written by Ma, down cheeks. red in stood, hergrew She where

it. an'signed Pursuit so got hot still pearls, the holiness.her clasping breathes very atmosphere hand The

looking at Mr. Binney's homely It is so sweet to find Him waiting there! over there they came across with

of th'got gang shot you. Onefigure to the gate. plodding The But sweeter th'rest still I hold those moments robbin'scatan'a housescales fell before her suddenly from when,

eyes and she saw him as he must Unasked, I seem to feel Him near to me tered. Pharcellus had you an'

within a fragrant after springtime out found they him, was father, to her—Perhaps otherlook people—to wood, likely to so hard, push he him in oldto the Etta! Something starlit in midnight's Or wrapped an'here mysbrought dropyou down tery; of defeat. spokeman's walk He

had been to see her father, perhaps Or in the redgold beauty of His hills, ped you in th'grass, honey. He

lured me, wondering, autumn When a-piece an'here was raised downto see her, and he had been turned afar, it the lay land. of th'Now,away! felt I've entranced, stood His spirit knew and

near, turns out there's been a reward ofare. dead or alive, no questions asked. WiITHOUT a word, Bidding me know that these His glories fered lately for any news of you,

Star ran past Etta to the stairs. And He has come in quiet twilight hours Pharcellus must have come down

There were windowdoors below As with some dear one I have sat apart. here, tryin'to get that reward

tie I felt terracethat blessing opened have; she flung His on the on the way, see? some him, took Death—Then

call heart close love, binding That we darted theone Star, wide and an'—"down Binney swallowMr.

heart. to steps. out passedmarble had Pap ed into her hard—"took it Ma the tender oh! happiness mine made And

the open gates, but he was moving When, laughing at a baby's funny smile, head to take you home without felt I've breathless that hush, and sudden along,slowly, tellin'plodding all. his head afraid I was me—that's knewdown. she'd been or headstrong maybe was near us, watching That God

she cried, "Pap!"and "Pap!"th'all somethin', an'everybut paper the while.

flung herself upon him, slipping thing's all right. You're a mighty

it in to find is always sweet Him his stout Yes,her girl, shaking I around hands Star, lucky s'pose, I—"He

beautiful, inspiring, sacred spot A clingingold to it. his stopped, arm and eyes misting.

I the far soul, depths But from of my

The old man stopped with sudlove Star's hand tightened on his arm, den great relief. "Why, Stargrass!"The thrilling moments when He comes an eager light came into her eyes.

He patted her hands. "You all unsought! "Pap, there's the reward—youright, honey?"(Continued on page 766)

Cfoundations forjfiappiness

("Weigh"your husband or wife or prospective ones)

Arranged by PARNELL HINCKLEY

ImAll entries 3. be in will case The must is receive In Valenple tie, $5. each of the month

later office it not tie, will If receive provement Era $4. each of the three month "Heart"FEBRUARYtines—the tie, 15. four than the that December than should more be wishes Era year. The Improvement

to be ready for it, therefore this twelve dollars will be divided equally 4. Each entry must bear the name

contest. Those interested, whether among them. In case there are no and address of the entrant, and

they are married or single, may parties the first will receive $5; the secwhether he or she is married or

ticipate. "We are asking you to ond, $3; the third, fourth, fifth and single.

weigh the various characteristics as sixth, each $1. 5. Judgment shall be final. The

as to in a such way here outlined the with together score, winning Rules total exactly 100. Mr. score the make winthe of addresses and names this the clip 1. Era Either page from all of tabulate to has agreed Hinckley in Impublished The ners will be

it if or, score your on give to and mark in and scores which the come Era. provement paper, sheet be of another use score you on average the for February us

all of these points of judgment. The sure your numbers correspond. 6. Address all entries to The Foundaperson whose score comes closest to Write clearly. tions For Happiness Editor, The

the average score of all of those sent 2. Be certain that your score totals Improvement Era, 50 North Main

in, is to receive $5. In case two peo100. St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

you like or love a person better you get acquainted with an defects and exposes the shams,WHEN you do so for very definite article of genuine merit, something When you look for a husband causes. Though you may not be that is really fine, the better you or wife, look for real merit or

is, if you value; you have a long while to getaware of the real reasons, they exist learn to like it—that

just the same and are actual and possess the powers to appreciate real acquainted. The following are

sometimes very exact. values. those characteristics considered of

If you get acquainted with a The converse is just as true, the most value. Grade each item acgood horser automobile, radio, or better you get acquainted with an cording to your judgment of its

typewriter and learn to like any inferior or false article, the less you importance so that the 1 totals one of them, there are definite and like it because acquaintance brings combined will equal one hundred real reasons for doing so. The out the flaws and reveals the points or a perfect person.

Be Sure to Give Each Characteristic Some Score. Suggestions and Criticisms Welcomed.

SCORE 1. A Cheerful Person: a. One who radiates good cheer and good will.

(Suggestive definitions.) b. One who inspires hope, confidence and optimism.

c. One who is habitually happy.

2. A Person of Refinement and Educa- a. One who is courteous and helpful.

tion: b. One who is trained to feel and show proper respect

for persons, places, and occasions.

c. One who is trained to understand, appreciate and

use the wonderful things of Creation.

3. Good Stock or Good Family Tree: a. Good heritable characteristics, qualities, and tendencies.

b. No feeblemindedness nor insanity.

c. No predisposition to special diseases of body or

nervous system.

d. A tendency toward superior strength of body and

mind. 4A. (Women Grade 4A only): a. His first concern should be the happiness and well-

A Man Should Be A Home Lover being of his family and home.

and Able Provider: b. He should love his wife and children.

c. He should be properly trained in a wholesome

vocation which will return sufficient means to provide needful food, clothing, shelter, and the common opportunities for the family's growth.

4B. (Men Grade 4B only) She should know and be prepared to practice the

A Woman Should Be Trained To best methods for feeding, clothing, and housing

Be A Good Mother and Home the family.

Manager: She should provide a suitable cultural training

for the children.

She should be trained in economy, know how to budget her home accounts, and be able to train the children to do likewise.

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 731

SCORE 5. Good Home Training: a. One who has been so reared as to become a worthy

home member.

b. One trained to cheerfully share the home duties

and responsibilities.

c. One trained in moral habits, habits of work, thrift,

and appreciation of the rights and feelings of others. 6. An Honest Person; a. One who habitually tells the truth and does not

steal. b. One who does not intentionally deceive or misrepresent.

7. An Unselfish Person; a. One who does not live for self only.

b. One whose activities are directed toward the good

of all, and who shares his means and talents with them. 8. A Person of Faith in God and Active a. One who believes in an actual and living God who

in Religion: is the Father of us all.

One who attends his church with some degree of regularity.

c. One who gives of his means to support a church.

d. One who gives his church some individual and

personal service.

9. Health of Body and Mind: a. A person with a healthy body and mind.

b. A body with no organic diseases.

c. A mind and nervous system that is sound and of

at least average intelligence.

10. A Sexually Moral Person; a. One who does not commit unlawful sex acts.

b. One who holds strictly to the single sex standard.

100 TOTAL

Vampire Currency—Continuedpage from723

atres, etc., and gave a false appearboy offered to sell himself for a the mark stood at about 200,000

ance of prosperity and financial period of four years, in any capacity for the dollar and so the amount activity, while actually the prowe wished, if we would take him received was hardly the price of a prietors and their employees, were to America with us. loaf of bread! This is but one

in actual want. As the exchange varied, "sheiexample of things the inflation did

'"PHE following experience ilbers"or grafters, traveling by fast to Germany, but gives food for lustrates the value of at this the mark carsto thefromcountrythe metropolitanbanks, tradedbanksto reflection.Arriving at a hotel in Leipzig our time from standpoint

and that of the German worker: their advantage, before the small on a cold drizzly January day in

difference the banks could check up occasion, 1923, showed toOn this symptoms about when my wife in exchange, larger the with cold. a trainboard a severe city of hailed rooms a As our we were by banks.breathless porter the from hotel we

had just left, To avoid this practice, the govwerewater,veryI rangcold forand theno heatporterto andthe us followed had who on foot all the way. In his hand ernment passed a law forbidding asked him to regulate the heat at

citizens trading German from filled in once, wallet, apologeticallywas he whereupon with my German dollar. the this Nevertheless, pracImarks, the informed because of accidentally which had me that

tice carried was secretly even on byleft in our coal French occupation rooms. of Recalling that the Ruhr

there could not have been more than large manufacturing concerns. district, the miners had gone on

a dollar's worth of change left in INFLATION may never affect us strike and coal had become exthe wallet, I had not worried paras it did Germany, but it is an tremely expensive. I still insisted

ticularly about it. The porter told interesting comparison. Can we that something must be done beus the maid had found it soon after imagine a situation like the folcause of my wife's illness. He rewe left and the manager had sent lowing ever occurring in the United tired and soon the proprietor came

him to overtake us. He was overStates: and in good English reiterated the

joyed when I gave him half the My German parentsin-law paid porter's apologies.

contents, for himself and the maid, premiums to an insurance company Asking why a small fire could and remarked that was the equivfrom the time they were married not be made I was informed the alent to two months'wages for until the wife died at about 70 hotel was equipped only with ceneach of them. Therefore, 50 cents years of age. The sum realized tral heating and to heat one room

in our money would have paid from the insurance was 10,000 would require serving of all rooms, either of them for four months'marks, or at prewar exchange which would be a great expense. I

work in that hotel. about $2,500.00. When the money insisted upon knowing how much

In another hotel a youthful bellwas paid by the insurance company it would cost to heat the whole 732 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

hotel and he excitedly exclaimed, Stadtbahn (City and District) displayed, good appearing clothing "Es Kostet Viel,"(It will be a II. class from 320 to 640 marks acfor men and women also made of

terrible expense) continuing that cording to distance, III. class from 160 to paper. We wondered what the reit would cost as much as 500,000 3 20 marks. sult would be if a wearer were

marks. Postal Rates caught in a heavy rain storm.

clipping shows following The calculation speedy mental A provinces local Postcards: 20 marks, of furniture was made that even be aboutshowed that would local Letters: 40 marks. Austria 40 $1.00 and paper: rate the prevailing exchange proat of to weight, according to marks 120

and so I bundled his arms full of vinces and Austria 100 to 180 marks acmatter printing to weight; 20 to Paper Furniture in Germanymiscellaneous currency to the recording 120 marks. samples 100 to 150 marks;

quired amount and told him to (International News Service)

It not heat. the washurry with Rents the to addition Feb. Berlin, 26.—An sizzle until of steam gentle thelong has for which Germany of substitutes

About 80 times entered later as been andwas heard the made since we has war famous prewar rent. listbecome

the dining room, guests were standby the development of a process for makpaper. furniture out of Gas ing their radiatorsing near rubbing

that declares Abt, Karl inventor, The pro420 marks per cubicmeter. the congratulatinghands and is subthoroughly product finished the

prietor on his generosity in providstantial and serviceable. Preparations are

ing for their comfort when other Electric Light being made for large scale production.

cafes and business houses had been 800 marks per kilowatt hour.

freezing and cheerless all day. Of course we feel that such conTo my great confusion he said, In some of the newer hotels, we ditions as related herein, can never

"Don't thank me. Thank the noticed many examples of "Ersatz"take place in the United States of

American millionaire over there or substitution, brought about by America, but with bank holidays, who has so graciously provided the inflation. In one, a supposed insurance moratoriums, farmers'

the means."The guests beset me marble staircase, had marble edges strikes, gold embargoes, abandonat once, all talking and offering about a foot wide, while the treads ment of the gold standard, morttheir thanks until I was forced to concealed by the carpet, were of gage and tax sale riots, with threatsabandon the dining room until ordinary wood. In the rooms and of communistic uprisings—things

later. halls, were beautiful rugs of many will occur to recall in some ways

and varied patterns, all woven of the effects of the inflation in Ger-

T HAVE before me copies of the paper. many, when people paid "A Mil-

"Daily Berlin American,"a In store windows we also saw lion for a Loaf of Bread."

German newspaper printed in English. Number 49, dated Feb- -49g!!?9

ruary 27, 1923, has the price from figures, in "Price largeprinted page 719 400 4{A Hundred Years Ago Continued in the date at the top andMarks"line, "5000 Marks per Month."and Jerry went up the Missisippi River "We moved to Nauvoo a second

Number 50, the next day's issue about 6 miles, cut logs, carried them time in 1845. Father was again sick

has raised the price to 500 marks to the river on their backs, where they with the ague, so Briant had all he and the subscription to 10,000 made a raft and floated them down the could do to support the family.

marks per month. Number 60, ten river to the town of Nauvoo, and built "During the summer of 1846 the

consisting and Mother, of Father familyweeks later, has raised the subscripusremaineda housethereof twoduringrooms.the winterWe onlyand moved Briant, Benjamin George and

tion to 12,000 marks per month. spring. Briant was baptized into the with the rest of the Saints from Nauvoo

A tidy sum to pay for a month's Church in Nauvoo, June, 1841, by to Winter Quarters, Nebraska, where subscription based on 4 marks for William Riley. they remained until the summer of

a dollar! "The whole family being sick with 1848 (June 4th), when they journeyThe following clipping shows malaria fever we returned to Springed across the plains and mountains,

how many expenses of daily life field, Illinois, the following summer. reaching Salt Lake Valley, Sept. 24,

increased: 1848.

"Briant Stringham left Winter Fares and Postage from March l Quarters13, 1847 withand arrivedthe firstin pioneers,Salt LakeAprilValWe beg to draw the attention of our ley, July 24th, 1847."

readers to the rise in price of the following public institutions from to day March 1, Through this record of the past1923:

my grandfather ceased to be a name

Elevated and Underground on my pedigree chart. He became

III. class for the first five stations: 150 an active valiant youth who went

all stationsmarks, 200 marks.

II. class 160 respectively 250 marks. through the crucible of the establishment of the Church and came

Tramcar out pure gold. To have met him,

Single ride 250 marks; transfer ticket if only on the written page, has

350 marks. enriched my life.

Where thrill Rock, Wyoming, At Church the of being a Don't miss Railway field Held Services prospector in the 1847 Company of Treasures

I. class 96, II. class 48, III. class 24,

IV. class 1 6 marks per kilometer. of Truth.

Extracts from letters and Journals of0scar While in the Mission of the Y. X. Company at Deer CreekcWinters

[These extracts from the diary of Oscar Smoot is with the mail east. The how much per day, as everything we

Winters were handed to The Improvement company is in charge of Captain Jones draw is charged to us on the book.

are they Because Parker Robison. by Era that until returns. thinks dissatisfied he that are Jones that say Some we

indiinterest, full because they so of and this sent will of be dollars most are allowed home twelve per company month diaries are in the good cate which manner fall after built in the charged dollars for have four this and up per we week the are written, them. printing Note we

simplicity and yet the detail of these brief station and one at Labout. There board. I am satisfied that the work is

narratives. The Church is full of such will be men enough left at each station a good one and I wish to have an inpriceless bits of history, and though we to hold them. I think I shall be one terest in every scheme and good work,

have not the space to print many of them, that will be sent home and I do not plan or principle that is adopted by the like present to encourage should we legal settle like the think authorities here. to the of Church, I would We

detailed accounts similar to generation keep

I kill are believe are to faithful not allowed any on and and game that if we them.] happenings the around of Indian lands or trade with them, and obedient we shall be blessed with wisJuly 5th, 185 7. we have nothing of our own to trade dom to enable us to procure temporal

arrived at this place about with the emigrants. blessings in their time and seasons. I

I do not see that this mission will still hope for a better day with us.

the five or miles four above benefit be individual, to of any muchWE. 8th. July June. crossing the th old of 25 if will service but to the be of Church I the to very acknowledge happy am appeared Indians mountaineers andThe is it successfully. carried out receipt letter last night. of your As settle- a to to be favorable making our at are boys hear Horseshoe The we is I there will a short give room you to here, quite willing were andment we all is well. Calvin crazy with Moore description the exciting of novel and it enclosed ourselves. try about have We the toothache. has been troubled He scene. mails the must remember You 1 about planted acres land or of 15 and I for a time some foul with stomach. start the single second of each month. A 4th, the potatoes bushels of four on shall use influence to sent have him my eight into rode horseman about camp this rest corn week, the shall plantand first the opportunity account home on first o'clock in the evening. word The seeds, porhave. that otherand we A his if of health, better. get does he not if as spoke, instinct he every by man getting are at tion of the work men hardly could without do him. We He hail to as seemed a of messenger him fort corral for timber and our out is best the in has been cook and camp gladness. said the the mail He from as as are wellbuildings, doing and we able to to that attend since for ten duty city at crossing. the was down He the Sioux expected. of becould Some this place. to the came expect we We in life his danger was of being run by came. hereIndians were They when we Salt mail from the 12th Lake about the over crowd. de- a by made He Utes. the better than lookingare much I shall letter. then and expect a long for horses seven twenty mand and men a paid us of have the ArapahoesSome I letter this have commenced while to the in minutes. go with mail 15 on at are visit. and Sioux Crows The I leisure to have to be ready answer the had with complement mounted He as as near other we and each withwar I that yours receive expect to the by to drive his to the horses men camp us learn, one with havingcan any not Salt mail, as a will there Lake but be is see so writthere chance you of what or the talk Sioux,that with Crows can time, short the arrival the between of arrives. after ing the mail drove They a are having Utes mails, east one two the from one andArapahoes—the the night. are same driving on They pie. in camefinger the squaws The the at this place. west from miles and per 75 night 90 day and yesterday about creek the anddown is tolerably location. a pleasant This five stop and to not would minutes pointedfifty them. with dogs They is There for creek the water but no life. a save returned man's Our men said creek the and "Utahs"andup is drinking, that and Other warm. o'clock. 11 about broke crowd The throats. their fingers across theirdrew resources tolerable, are except hay. The for the letcaptain's get to the wagon that governthe emigrants say The is soil is light. fruit light very The ters. in horses corral the partook The sent thouseven out about hasment this season, cold. to drouth owing and spirit of the the of times stamand Insoldiers to the Cheyenne whipsand is in coal stone in There abundance peded, the broke over guard went and of a distance are that short southdians several as places in here and good some snorting the over plains horsewith to areus, to then they going and Utah I as ever give appearance saw. you To after letters them. were men The there.kill are few what Mormons We idea thirty of an look: Imagine we how their handed out got and some ownare correct for looking more news by corralled in circular a form wagons letters others a and some made andthe Independence, mail from which we the a at side space for with driving one fire I for the to break read them. manthe 15th.expect 12th between and The horses in the for and out guard and to get firelight aged mine and between killed the lodges ofSioux 50 Crows (I to to stand stand guard have about it. I moonlight read and not would ago, ajust so us of days north few a large eight once with week) good fifty missed have dolfor having one

say, are thethey running and Crows tents outside, pitched the round on and lars.

them off East and are pursuing them you can imagine that you see some for revenge. We have seen several war building houses, some plowing, irriAbout twelve or one o'clock all beparties from the West that have been gating, planting, digging, chopping, came quiet. The horses were recovout against the Utes. The soldiers teaming, blacksmithing, herding, workered and I retired to bed feeling as the

said after his rewhipping, boy much are fighting Cheyennesand the the in the ing to seen on be from ditch—all freshed. assure I will felt bet you I are prettysouth. surroundis It at much the inquite same time. camp We

ed with wars and rumors of wars but teresting and a pleasing sight. I shall ter that night than I have since leavare perfectly at peace here at present endeavor to fill this mission honorably ing home.

and enjoy ourselves quite well. We and return home as soon as I can conJuly 9th.

have good singers and good music in sistently. We work regular hours and I am still in good health. My time

camp and a good set of men. Captain are credited, though I do not know (Continued on page 740)

the florid SpinsAs

All to be Finger Printed in boarding schools as they are being 2. To export no more than 560,-

educated at present. In the boarding 000, 000 bushels for the year 193334.

TF Senator Copeland, of New York, schools, Mr. Collier says, an Indian 3. With the exception of Russia

gets his way everybody in the pupil costs the government from and the Danubian countries, to reduce

United States will be fingerprinted. $360.00 a year up; in the day schools production for the year 193435 by

He urges this means of curbing the from $125.00 a year down. 15 per cent. This applies only to the

racketeering Sengoing on. The now The itemized list of projects inso-called "big United four"—the the ator will next advocating be procludes: Argentina States, Canada, Ausand

If finger gloves.hibition the sale of of and Ouray, addition tralia. Utah—Uintah

else prints, or will help anything with to day school, $13,000.

seriousAmerica's situation, then we and Ouray, remodAmerican Gold Dollar Changes Utah—Uintah

for it. all beshould eling, $15,000.

Idaho—Fort Hall, two cottages, /-PHE American gold dollar became

Mercur Residents Celebrate $10,000. subject to the "new deal"when

TOUR hundred former residents of $30,000.Idaho- -Fort Hall, three new plants, Presidentthe embargoFranklinon newD. gold.RooseveltThe liftedgold

faMercur, Utah, one of the most Lapwai, extension of dollar at fixed been which had by law Idaho—Fort of early of the mining campsmous heating main, $10,000. fine, grains 25.8 the 9-10ths under

days, in Salt City Lake met recently its order will things of conremodeling new have Arizona—Havasupai, that expressedand the hope the town day school, $1000. tents shifted the value gold. of with

as revived metals back. will be come additions to day instance, sold For gold August on 29 Arizona—Hopi,

is still standing not a houseThere in schools, school Pinon, day $66,000; at the equivalent of in London $29.23

jail, the except remnants of theMercur plant, school, Oraibi, high $30,000; fine per shifts price ounce. the That

a vault, and the old transformer build- $70,000. content of the dollar from 25.8 grains

first ing. line tension high power The two day school to grains, 9-10ths 18.24 fine. The Arizona—Leupp, in the to be used ran from Provo world plants, $35,000. experts say that the first commodity

Canyon to Mercur, according to recBoy, day school to be effected by this change will be Montana—Rockyords. additions, $7000. silver.

Wyoming—Shoshone, remodeling, Bess Fayne, JohannaFemco

Ship, an Italian The Rex, the HolsteinsQueen of $25,000.Montana—Fort Belknap, physiBreaks Speed Record cian's house, $7000.

title the in lady bovine namedAPHE River, hospital crossing Rex, Gibralter Nevada—Walker from npHE recestablished recently a milk new quarters and garage, $15,000. to Light, a distance Ambrose oford. pounds She produced.33,649.8 cotShoshone, Nevada—Western miles, in days, thirteen four 3,181 in year.of single a produced She milk $3500. hours, fiftyeight at minutes, and an butterfat into 1208.5 was which made water suptage,Montana—Blackfeet, average speed of knots per hour, 28.92 butter. milk of1510.62 pounds Her ply, $10,000. equivalent to miles per land 33.3 is liketested 3.6. that a marcow school, A Apache, day Arizona—Fort all hour, records broke for the previous factory. cents twentyfivevelous At Creek, Cedar $6000. journey. butter a yearthe for her would pound enlargeBelknap, Montana—Fort livesbring 75.13. champion $3 The plants, of ment $15,000.

Breckenridge, at Minn. Her a farmon river, water Hoarders Given Fifteen Days Montana—Tongue is F. E.owner Murphy. supply and sewer, $45,000. to File Statements in Which Montana—Blackfeet, enlargement, of Their Holdings

Italian Flies Upside $7000.

thirty days all private goldDown Longest Montana—Flathead, reroofing A FTER

holdings of than buildings, $5000. more $100 will

are prohibited unless be valid reasons 'I TiE Italians recently visited this country with a fleet of airships Terms of the Wheat Pact given why the metal cannot be replaced and returned safely; an Italian ship by currency.

broke all speed records for an Atlantic TMPORTING and exporting nations The following exceptions were crossing; and now Lieutenant Tito * pledge cooperation for the rehabilgiven:

Falconi has won back his championitation of wheat. 1. Gold coin, gold bullion, and

ship for inverted flying. He flew head Importing nations promise: gold certificates in an amount not exdown for 3 hours, 6 minutes, and 39 1. To lower tariffs when wheat receeding in aggregate $100 belonging to

seconds. Italy seems to be regaining mains for four months at a price any one person.

the spirit of the Romans. in S. equivalent cents gold to 63.08 U. coin recognized having a 2. Gold

is in cents bushel. per terms (This 89

special to collectors value of rare and rate.) dollar today's of GettingIndians a New Deal coin. unusual

2. to prodomestic encourage Not

/\NE million five hundred thousand duction. 3. Gold coin, gold bullion, and

dollars is to be used by the De- 3. To do their utmost to increase gold certificates acquired or held unpartment of the Interior for the conconsumption. der a license heretofore granted by or

struction of day schools for the In- 4. To modify quota restrictions under the authority of the Secretary of

dians, according to John Collier, comlimiting wheat imports. the Treasury.

missioner of Indian affairs. He mainExporting nations agree: 4. Gold coin, gold bullion, and

tains that Indians can be educated at 1. To accept the fixed market price gold certificates owned by federal regreat saving in day schools rather than for the four months'period. serve banks.

In Memoriam to The Moon Bridge Knowledge

Sara Teasdale By Lydia Hall By Catherine E. Berry

to thing is a fearful know night, By Christie Lund TWAS take break you so. Life can and the world was silentZTThat dark

fragile spun words with who a sound, hear couldn'tYOU, loveliness, shining the then moon AndI came up WhenIt is a Winterjoyful thinggoes, toSpringlearn will return. purple evening's rain and Caught April large round. yellow, and So

hue; Voiced the mute anguish of stark loneliIt shone upon the river wide ness gold; of a bridge And made across, Vacation Prayer fairies In terms walked that the as flawless as dawn's transient I think

told. dew; for I'm them made 'Twas Nordgren N. Weston By

ecstasies, pain, Its love: of sang Who oofm&x*- defeated soul's roads, country give depths—itsits Its loss—the me LORD, tears;

is dust air pure, and Where is free—life's loss and in imagery wrapped Who Elsie To glee! are wild with storm and wind And

... gain cities, toiling man, cramped by The Hale Rosalind all By last at rest your from have found You anthills, to plan Seem Thy years.

stars, night and Of all things have which touched my 'life, And day and sun! And we, we who have read your words OF

far; beautiful, are by most wept, and You earth just of the smell give Lord, me the reached I not yet a faucet for their loved cry our and have own Making rain cleansing through by Soaked

grief. heights, kept have Unutterable who We plain. the on Or furrows attained, I of beauty not breath and each we have through Faith smell cities, pavements'foul with The the I climb could not have have known,

tell fields that the to seek Drive dreamedstriven—yet me lies cold, so so wall. that heart the for Mourn crops, and woods Of

I with find chilled, someone to have hoped life fun! and And shall on, its to unmine, heart go akin songs thoughts Yet know

for reasons sweet, stilled. and made longings With rest peace nights give of and Lord, me

thus, living breast ever the Against ample wflf>- I that the language spoke Someone who in country her Nature, home. Of know, again year each back bring me And

I you not but hunted, had Etchings Town found,—then streets teeming of throbbing, men, From came!

as blessings, find I roam. Thy To I you the saw Jean moment McCaleb I knew By

That here was something I had sought, untouched, ribbon roads, Priceless posies with and trimmedLIKE clearness with Dantean Etched little grow and towns Big the rest; The Pity of Content of sameness the Against gay, beckon Some

Along my way, A quivering flame of Cerulean blue, By Carlton Culmsee

While some an icy stare bestow. Lovely, exquisite flower of genius borne,

unleashed, rare, not beauty, I lost her, I should had not have /F lightunborn, of perfect promise new a brigand town's mountain town, APotential The known realness to me. delicious true, steeple; But valiant guarding content. A brigand, deep This yet I should have And

feel, I what you could I but tell Ah, factory towns But kept

Seem built of frowns The joy you brought, the doubt you took Secure and bright, some treasures that are away; with heartaches of their And smudged now

people. The poignant nearness of your soul to Slipping away.

mine When vagabonding days are done, Creates a world for us which none may Tonight I watched her hands

And I await old age serene, share Gracefully as thoughtless eager flames

I'll choose a brown They would not understand, and why Tell her delight in the strange sunset,

Plump urchin town should they? speaking

With merry cheeks scrubbed rosy clean! This joy which you have brought to me, More warmly than her words.

dear girl.

Then I recalled That once her movements, which now

Promissory Note often go Unmarked, as bits of necessary acts,

By Cristel Hastings Could fill me with exhilarating wonder.

clean October earth held it in head,THE Light wrenlike gestures of the hands and trust in a small wild cataract; And laughter

A bulb as brown as any sparrow's breast I knew them then for what they really

Watered by Autumn's showers, warmed are by suns And winds that drift forever from the Flashes of many colors from a mind

West. That swiftly kindles at a little beauty

And at another's fortitude or triumph.

Beneath the fragrant earth the bulb matured This, I think, is the pity of content.

Sending its slender blades up through the Graces one hungered for and feared to lose, sod Glamors that only one girl ever has,

Until one April dawn a lily swayed Grow like a painting seen day after day

And offered waxen petals up to God! Until it fades into the sturdy wall.

-H 111 ||—! I) ||1.<|—U—U- -M——ii——ii-

I—l(j itoriQ

Investments solowmen.long as that student continues to serve his felDECENTLY a young fellow came into the office There are those in the Church who do make

of The Improvement Era and introduced himsuch investments; there are others who could. We

self. Upon being asked what could be done for wonder if they would not pay more than investhim, he replied that he had come in to get a little ments in some other things. H. R. M.

"pep,"to have his battery recharged, so to speak.

He was up against a situation and he wanted encouragement. Why Tolerate Slot Machines?

Though he was strange to us we soon found TDLAYING a slot machine is not even gambling is merely learning to gamble while being that he was a Latterday Saint boy who had set—it

his eyes upon medicine as a life's work. He had robbed, if one can rely upon a multiplicity of testifinished his work for a bachelor's degree and had mony.

in medicine, year and completed one additional a slot machine is seen playing who A person large eastern at a as a student had been accepted for no his mentality, advertises his or ignorance university. wise, sane person of normal intellect would throw

But he was without funds. money away in such a useless and foolish manner.

This chap had worked his way through school Arthur Marhewich, assistant district attorney with a little assistance from his father. He was of New York County, gathered 750 slugs and

out of debt, but cutting the estimated cost in that decided to play as long as he could stand the grind.

eastern university as much as he could, decided that He played approximately 1800 times, "using not he would need $2,000 for his next two years of only the original slugs but all the slugs he won work, which would give him his M. D. degree. from the machine. He ended with no slugs and a

He wanted to know if we knew anybody who sore arm. Twice he won the jack pot, but both

would make an investment in him. He had a life were won near the end of the 1 800 turns."

insurance policy for $2,000 which he could give Dr. E. E. Free, of New York University, calto the investor, but other than that he had nothing culating on an ordinary type of slot machine, has

tangible except a name and a father who also, shown that out of 1,000 slugs put in the machine, though without funds just now, has an honorable if the player happens to hit the mathematical name. average of results, he will receive 746 slugs. The

We were unable to help much except to urge "house percentage"is 244 slugs. On a nickel should player for this that machine means $50 the to keep courage. had him up his no money We the pulling pleasure of the $37.80. get back If of invest one could which no knew we and we conyou $12.20, 1,000 times is worth may money who possessed who would risk it in an lever

his is said. an even,'sider yourself But Dr. Free investment of that kind.

optimistic calculation. * * * Mr. A. P. Peck, of

Since his departure we have been wondering if The Scientific American, has worked out similar investments of that nature would not, after all, chances of winning, confirming Dr. Free's asserbe the kind that would bring in great dividends tion that mathematically the player has only one

some day. No one could look at that boy without chance in one thousand of winning a jack pot on

knowing that nothing short of tragedy would the ordinary machine."

jeopardize that loan. That two thousand dollars These quotations were taken from The Literary

assist better health in for the buying world would Parrish in Digest of 26, August which Wayne W.

it service; strengthen build kindly and and would suggests in laws that our be changes should made

; it a soul to continue throughout up would work slot sale immachines the of gambling to make

time adding dividend upon dividend. possible. There is no objection to vending slot

We know a man who made such an investment. machines into which a person may drop a coin

A young fellow had finished a term's work at and receive a package of candy or a ticket for the an eastern university and was faced with the nesubway, but even these become vicious when cessity of returning home without obtaining the something more may be had if one is lucky.

sacrificed for degree coveted much. he had which tolerate civilized Christian people should Why student to that a stranger, almost came man, up A is slot child the that they machines when know

is it is said: causing that "Perhaps and money person his of the gullible of pennies robbed and

your withdrawal from the university. If it is, his nickels and dimes mechanically while the

if will not presumptuous, think although you me store or "joint"of the smug robber—owner myself, in I should debt I have not much and am it it is sees to done. stands worse by and Why

like in invest you. to it back pay when You may use in a revolver business the robbery of highway

you can upon your return to your home."than a machine much larger and more effective

The investment was made; the degree was had one that robs its victims of $25,000,000 annually

by the student; the loan has been repaid; and the in New York City alone and proportionately in

Good Samaritan will continue to draw dividends other cities of the country? H. R. M.

* ||i nil urn H.! || miw ||—ll—ii II—HI—<—MWP——W—W—'

ii m——m—i h—.

Editorial n—1—iin—n——ii—ii-——n

Impression and Expression Raphaelread andandquoted;MichelangeloShakespeareand Milletwill liveneveron die;and

A YOUNG man came into the Era office a short on because they have had something to express to time ago to discuss a poem he had written, and many who understood their language, and the poetry in general. "It is hard for me to underexpression was worth something, for it was an

lives expression of uplift. down who The man resist said, writing poetry, peoplestand,"he "how

listen hill the can on the block and the woman feel I feel rolling at lookingif they what when a Shelley's to a stanza Skylark"and from "To fields, clouds, tall mountains.wheat and summer

it: thrill in to the imagery and colorIt at beauty without cannot can look be that they

feeling it; and if they do feel it, they must express

rose a emboweredit, if they are like me!""Like

green In its own How many people are there who can look at By warm winds deflowered,leaves;

things without absorbing much of them? How 'Till the scent it gives

many are unaffected by loveliness? Some who Makes faint with too much sweet

might be accused of these charges perhaps, like Those heavywinged thieves."

sponges, absorb, but do not give until squeezed;

statistical could charts enterprising ofsome maker to Shelley's Expression of impression becomes in part and humanity surveying than worsedo live listen others great Shelley's with and who impresgetting are ones the nofinding out who sense appreciation of a talk beauty. of and The getting, giving aresions but no beauty; of who loafers steps of congregated group the of around sensthe are ones expression;responsive and who the store corner will in not be years to quoted that they cannot their vividlying impressions so come; forgotten, for probably part, withthe mostrestrain themselves from expression.

in the better so. all because hour, and imAnd

Think what life would be if expression were pression and expression were insignificant and limited only to necessities; pass the bread; account worthless, if nothing more demoralizing.

rendered; the house is on fire; the coal bin is low,

etc. Countless matters are closely tied up with mere There is little likelihood of a statisticallyexistence, and impression and expression along minded person making a survey and compiling a

these lines usually are more or less mechanical, report of the impressions people are absorbing being received and given out somewhat thoughtand the expressions they are making, desirable and lessly, and attended with little of color or imaginavaluable as such might be. We each must be our

tion or warmth. Not far above this plane is the own statistician, measuring what we take into our

it we transmuteone of making needless comment with little purown souls, and what part of into expression give out to others. and Our right less a rock threw boypose and pleasure—a happiness, our and happiness itself, should be cat to neighbor's the the basementthrough window;

kept me awake all night; the taxcollector was in direct proportion to the richness of our impresaround, the old pest; that epidemic of something sion and the value of our expression. E. T. B.

or other, somewhere in Kansas or Oklahoma, sure is awful, etc., etc. An expression of this kind

adds little of either mental or emotional stimulus Outstanding Thinker the it is of consequentlycertainly no uplift; brand on Prohibition up, where well left bottled just asof expression

time will make it seem hardly worth saying, comSergeant Alvin C. York

paratively. The Outstanding Hero of the World War

What things are worth saying? And what

is truly to be deplored that there are thoseworth hearing? Are the same things valuable to TT

you as to me? If so, are they important to the Americans who find no more intelligent reaman who lives down the block three houses, or son to offer for the repeal of the 1 8th Amendment

the woman in the great house up on the hill? than that it should increase the revenue of the

And last, can anyone answer the foregoing queries U. S. A., patently ignoring recognition of the

intelligently, without knowing all the people and incalculable harm, misery, and the economic ruin what their interests are? and havoc it will release in countless homes, but

To take the last question first; surely there are more particularly in the lives of the boys and girls

some subjects of vital interest to all who have of our great country.

intelligence of a high order and appreciation of That the brewers and alcoholists welcome rehuman values. The popularity of an author, peal, is not in the least hard to understand; but

the success of a play, the reputation for cleverness that those controlling the destiny of our people resort—canyon,attained by one lake,here mountain—comeand there, the fameaboutofbe-a shouldalcohol,behistoricallysponsoring aa wreckerthing as ofmanifestlyhomes andevil ofas

cause the same things have made appeal to a numhappiness, and breeder of violences too numerous ber of individuals; therefore such things are to catalogue, is indeed incomprehensible, if not

deemed important. Dickens still is loved and woefully tragic.

Vhc zMagic

The entire cast of "The Magic Bowl'as it was presented at June Conference.

and her first song. The song runs:

"Old King Cole was a merry old soul;

And a merry old soul was he;

It was a fine arrangement when

He called for entertainment, But really he had nothing over me,

For I am Father Mutual.

I just try to teach you all The way that I propose, But goodness only knows I'm having a difficult time;

everything praise- "I observed,"said she, "that I've a fine intuition, and a good disposiBEHINDworthy and fine there is most of the acts were built around tion, usually to be found some the younger members of the MuJustdohear me hum; I've so very much to

personalities who have talent and a tuals. I wondered if an act could Watching o'er my lively crew,

willingness to sacrifice and serve. not be made that would not only But my patience is really sublime.

"The Magic Bowl,"the beautiful use but feature every department. But like Old King Cole I must have my

pleasure, interesting sketch musicaland As measure; it's full beyond bowl, a result I constructed the Magic Here is my Conthe Junewhich was given at Bowl."family like I'd to meet you my

ference, and which will probably Mrs. Stevens was not entirely So you'll know I have a right to be."

be given in hundreds of wards in new at the business of creation.

October, is no exception. During the previous year she had With this character, Father MuMrs. Beatrice Farley Stevens, assisted with an act by composing tual ready, Mrs. Stevens went on

wife of Stringham A. SteVens a a bit of music and some poetry, but introducing each department of the

member of the Y. M. M. I. A. Genearly last summer she set about Mutuals in a very pleasing manner,

eral Board, is the genius behind the building up a plot which she could chiefly by means of songs with

Magic Bowl. offer as the road show act for her catchy tunes.

Mrs. Stevens, a Mutual worker ward, the 33rd Ward, of Liberty She gives much of the credit for

for a dozen years and a ward presStake. the manner in which the musical

ident for five, said she observed the sketch turned out to Joseph H. Wilroad shows with interest and wonQLD KING COLE, of nursery liams, her stage director, whose exdered if she might not contribute book fame, came to her mind. perience with the Moroni Olson

something that would make them She began upon that theme and had players and at Kingsbury Hall, finer and more interesting. soon worked out her first character University of Utah, enabled him

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 739

to stage the play in a most interestwho played the sketch twentyone she had the great opportunity of ing manner. Her husband, also, times, quite a record for a road singing under the direction of

assisted with one item in the play show act. Squire Coop, a dynamic musician

and that is the manner in which "I have never seen such enthusiwho inspired the young, she says, the participants get on to the stage. asm,"Mrs. Stevens said in discussto do creative things. She, herself,

He had them come around the end ing the sketch. "Every member sings, plays and composes, making

of the bowl rather than over the of the cast, and there were more her own arrangements.

top, a method which avoided conthan fifty of them, from the youngThe cast of the Magic Bowl, fusion and made the entrance more est Scout to the oldest Adult, was which played twentyone times, graceful. enthusiastic right up to and includfollows

Mrs. Stevens is especially grateing the last performance. I was

Catmull, Joseph Father Mutual; June B. Cassity,ful to Mrs. Alta thrilled because her simply I had sucBuckle, Harriet Pages; Leatham, Judithaccompanist, a great who sacrificed ceeded in every department having Wirthlin, Elaine Stevens, Stevens, Edith

deal of time to make the sketch take part and in having them like Betty Burton, Helen Clark, Marco Stohl, "click"in every way. It. Rela Streadbeck, Cora Broadbent, BeeGirls; Hive Peterson, Grant Mann, Ray play is filled to the brim The is already Stevens Mrs. at work Call, Reynold Watkins, Wayne Glen Walrising surpriseswith in climactic ton, Loveridge, Nuttal, Ralph Hubert road has a on She show. a 1934

order to the point where the adults, plot and is engaged composing the Scouts; Louisa Call, Esther Rockwood,

Earl.consisting Maurice Betty Wanda Rockwood, of course Seniors of and It is music. to be and words an Jane Nuttal, Anderson, Doris Virginia scene.Adults, to the come on

it entirely different theme, in but Saunders, Girls; Junior Broadbent, Reed

is bitsof the choicest the M MenOne Stevens, Robert she designs Donald Norton, Joseph to use every department

Gleaner Girl number. That scene of the Mutuals. Wirthlin, Arvel Streadbeck, Vanguards;

alone would make the playlet very Virginia Smith, Elaine Maxwell, Virginia much worth while, but the fact is "My family is at a stage now Woolley, Nellie Spencer, Jane Sackett,

Burritt, Lenora Harding, Ellen Evelyn where time,"I have a little the ladythat every scene is, in itself, a deNeff, Virginia Cederlof, Gleaners; John said, smiling. to delighted "I am bit.lightful Lillywhite, Russell, George Newell Taylor,

be able to have this opportunity of Aulburn Shields, Dan Grundman, Ben

T7IFTY members of the Mutual 'developing the gifts within'me Broadbent, Joseph Broadbent, Fay Bates,

Albert Mitchell, assisting in Rock and others in doing the Clifford Associations in the part took Kirkham, Edith JosMen; Mann, Seeley,M for themselves."same firstproduction. place in It won eph Norton, Joseph Anderson, Norma

Liberty Stake and finally was Mrs. Stevens, a native of Ogden, Anderson, Marian Romney, Ida Romney,

selected for production at the June was brought up in a musical atJoseph Armstrong, Mertie Armstrong,

Conference. Mrs. Stevens is espemosphere. Her sisters, as well as Accompanist;Seniors and Adults;JosephMrs.H. AltaWilliams,B. Cassity,Stage

cially grateful to the performers herself, were trained musicians and Manager.

Clean, Cool Breath of SpringA By SAMUEL H. HANKS, Hollywood Stake

(This is the second of the sales talks which were called for last spring)

you ever in your so many things to you, it awoke commented upon in my home andHAVEtravels, when the lure of such a pride in you, that you thrilamong my friends.

strange lands has worn off, led at the sight of it. And for a Frankly, I like The Improvefound yourself wandering along moment you were lifted away into ment Era. I have placed it side by

the wharves of some world port, another land. side with every magazine to be had

hoping that you might find a ship I know only one other experience at the news stands. And I still like

with your country's flag? It has which equals that. It has come to it, way and above any other publibeen months since you have seen me often. When I am out in the cation.

that flag. You almost wonder if world with all its good things and To begin with, it has a fresh

it still exists. And when, after an great, and I suddenly come upon look about it. I have never seen a

hour of searching among craft from some achievement, a beautiful struccover as beautiful as that February many lands, you finally came upon ture, or even a worthy report, of number. And the March cover took

one lone freighter with that grand my own people, how proud I feel. me back to my vacation in Zion

old banner, tell me, didn't a lump And so it is not without a certain National Park last summer. You

swell up in your throat, and didn't amount of personal pride that I might know that I enjoyed that a mist sort of unconsciously gather pick up each issue of The Improvepicture of the Virgin River with in your eyes? You felt that you ment Era. My Church means a Mt. Majestic in the background.

had found something that you had lot to me. And in its field The I always go through a magazine

an interest in, something that was Improvement Era is an outstanding from cover to cover at first just part yours; something that typified representative of the Church. Little looking at the pictures and headyour home, your family, all the wonder, then, that I watch it lines. The Era is sort of an inviexperiences, the hopes and ideals of closely, that every new feature or tation to do this. After that first

your childhood. That flag meant interesting article is observed and glancing through I have difficulty

740 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

deciding which article to commence UNITED STATES PATENT OFFICE with.

Saints, Salt Lake City, Utah back—IFictionhaddidn'tjust bothernever gotme startedawhile YoungCorporationLatterDayMen's Mutualof the ChurchImprovementof JesusAssociationChrist of

in it. I read an But Era one day

Act of February 20, 1905 story I have it good. and found

been reading them all ever since. I Application July 12, 1932. Serial No. 328,745

find them as a rule well written.

"Palmetto"in the March number is a classic. In "Hearts Can Ache jneimprovement

Too"you will read of "magnificent birches on guard to see that the warm hearted sun does not overdo its welcome."Gems of STATEMENT

description like that are worth a ToBeallit whomknownit thatmay theconcern:Young Men's Mutual Imin Thethe businesstrademarkof saidhas corporationbeen continuouslysince 1897.used

week of reading. provement Association Corporation of the The trademark is applied to the goods by beThere was also a time when I corporationChurch of Jesussolely Christorganizedof LatterDayunder the lawsSaints,of thea othering printedappropriateon themannercover page thereof, or in any

gave my old copies of The ImStateSalt Lakeof Utah,City, andin thelocatedcountyandof doingSalt Lake,businessin saidin YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEOffice in Building, said State, at 406 Church ASSOCIATION CORPORAMENT teacher. provement to Era my ward

for its adopted use the trademark has and State, city TION OP THE OF JESUS CHURCH that an inbe I told him would as the title in drawing, the accompanying shown OP CHRIST LATTERDAY centive for him to call on me reguofsaida Corporation,MAGAZINE inPUBLISHEDClass 38, PrintsMONTHLYand publiby By GEO.SAINTS,ALBERT SMITH,

is usually cations. General Superintendent. larly. But she—she who

using the name, "The persons or corporations shall be home—tellsthe final wordmein thisthingsmustaboutnot ourbe A FTER

done any more. For there will Improvement Era,"continupermitted to use it. The registered

come a day, she says, when we will ously for thirtysix years, the trademark was applied for and want to refer to some of those arYoung Men's Mutual Improvement taken to safeguard the title of the ticles again. In looking through Association has registered the name magazine which has become dear

the last seven or eight issues it really in the United States Patent Office, to the hearts of thousands of peosurprised us what a treasure chest Washington, D. C. The tradeple.

of material they have become. mark was taken in the name of the It should be observed, also, that

Young Men's Mutual Improveall materials printed in The ImEven those verses tucked in odd ment Association rather than in the provement Era are copyrighted and corners find there opportunities to joint name of the two associations should not be copied or used withbrighten. At a little gathering of for the reason that it is a legal corout the written permission of the

old timers last Thanksgiving Pres. poration under the law and the business manager or the editor of

Geo. W. McCune read a verse from joint associations are not. the magazine. Those who copy

the October number about "Old This trademark entitles the asmaterial from the pages of The

Friends."That was his toast. sociation to use the name thus regImprovement Era are liable to

How eloquent it was. I envy those istered and guarantees that no other prosecution under the law.

souls who can weave such lacy structures from mere words. I envy

all those writers who contribute to Extracts from Letters and Journals the refreshing spirit that is so disContinued from page 733 tinctive of The Improvement Era. of Oscar Winters

Its spirit is like a clean cool breath has been employed on the farm. We Seventies meeting this evening in the

of spring from the Rockies that have been planting a little patch of storehouse and enjoyed ourselves well.

melts away our restless fears and corn in our field for Old Smoke, the There were some Arapahoes camped

Chief, in Sioux to order us. keep near good to our Some came of themleaves us clean only of sweet buds friends with will them. His meeting. buffalo squaws some We bought cheergood happiness and and tend instructions it with our meat and assistof them.

knowledge of life eternal. ance. I have not lost a day's work since

I here. all I came that work my dollars two I spend The anJuly 10th.

I strength will allow. to wish not do

Several fornually Era The Improvement I sick, buffalo came in sight of complain; not I have been but

their heels today kicked and camp upis I the best I lbs. in investment the weighed make. 176 city and 154

at play, notwithstanding and have we yesterday, I think of on account warm fair be playing notwould with had that no one days meat for two no weather, appetite. hard work, poor and if Imyself or family to were understands rules my even attempted camp

18th. July as so kill to one. go much out and thisbar messenger from my home. mails, rather or Smoot, Capt. The I S. P. lettold been have that our is a depressionThere in the abroad arrived has mail. without any They ters will further the than Salt go no

it it get couldland, not a the of exaccount on but depression is more Office Post States of Lake without United times. citement the of of pocket thanmen's minds books. if stamps. for I have but one this, so

Note: Y. The X. means the Brigham get letters don't every you mail send people to the beauties awakeWhen Express. Young

is city to the that going. by someone is in Itof Creek Deer an books good Wyoming. and good was magazines

This the 12th. coris Sunday, Our trail. It station on the Oregon little fear their ofI have failing to ral is finished gate. the except finest the of one camping grounds beWe importantwas

have them in their homes, always. held public meeting in the morning and (Continued on page 764)

'Reviews

Joseph Smith, An American besuggestnearerthatthethereality.third possibilityBut the immediwould probablyimpartial viewrate himof theas Prophetegotistical,wouldbut

Prophet ately available sources, Mormon and the Latterday Saint wants to think of nonMormon, from which a bihim only as the instrument of Divinity

By JOHN HENRY EVANS ographer has to work, are inadequate in every act of his life. I doubt not

picture. there the Saints give are Latterday complete many who New Macmillan (The Company,

infallible, New sourcesto consider developed pabe be must Joseph Smith to by more York, 1933. Price $4)

tient protestain spite students of the painstaking of the Prophet's and own npHAT Joseph Smith is a never failsubject than anyone has yet shown tions.

ing subject of interest to biograhimself to be. Those who are interested in the

phers and historians is attested by the There is another problem in bicommon sense interpretation of history, fact that within the past year at least ography besides that of source matetherefore, will appreciate this book by three new books on the subject have rials, which makes the "scientific"Mr. Evans, not because it goes the enappeared. The most recent one is treatment difficult. (By "scientific"I tire way towards objectivity, but be-

"Joseph Smith: An American Prophpresume Mr. Evans means objective, cause it goes even a little way. The

et,"by John Henry Evans. Mr. Evans disinterested, and impartial.) That is facts about Joseph Smith need not be

will need no introduction to readers of the question of the biographer's presmothered for the sake of his reputathe Era, since he has been prominently judices. It is hard for anyone to rid tion. Joseph himself protested againstknown as a writer on L. D. S. church himself of prejudice—for or against being regarded a demigod by his folhistory and kindred subjects for the when other human beings are conlowers. He was emphatically a hupast three decades. Mr. Evans was cerned. A biographer cannot dissect man being, fighting the problems every

born and reared in the L. D. S. Church, the character of his subject, with the human being has to fight. Like all of

and has always been an active worker same indifference to results which charus he failed in some aspects of the batin it. Published by the MacMillan acterizes the work, for example, of a tle and succeeded in others. But he

Company, this book is likely to have zoologist in dissecting an insect or a doesn't need to be "built up,"as the circulation throughout a larger territoad. Thus the biographies of great politician says. His life is there, and

tory than the usual Mormonview- men, either make them appear as superstands for what it was. Young people

point book. It is therefore of more men or incompetents. particularly can be brought to a new

than ordinary importance to Mr. So it has been with Joseph Smith. appreciation of the man and his work,

Evans and to the Church. To the Mormon mind he is a Prophet by honest presentation of all facts

The challenging first sentence of the of God, and as such, scarcely regarded good, and bad if any—concerning him.

book in which the author says he "has as composed of ordinary human traits This "review"is not intended as a tried to give a scientific treatment of and characteristics. To the "Gentile"critical examination of the book, but

as a the he clever scheming, book, of a was more mind the reader conSmith,"Joseph particularlydefense—partly the though but of obmore boy, more that of wasscious the who John ignorant—farm author—likemakes

cast to able jective a sort spell pointof-view of of Joseph over Smith a a group attempting the Fourth Gospel—is

of this the folk simple which into the and book suggests. weld them That will the Gentile "go"with whichwork

world. With such an objective one nucleus of a church. The usual patpoint-ofview is suggested by Mr.

can be wholly in accord. Without tern of such a biographer also goes on Evans is a tribute to the degree to

doubt, Joseph Smith has never been to attribute the success of the Church which he has achieved that objectivity.

fairly and authentically portrayed to to Joseph Smith's associates, notably But I emphasize that it is only to a the nonMormon mind and any book Brigham Young. Because of these in- "degree."He strikes a certain pose of

which may contribute to deeper and herent difficulties, it is very doubtful objectivity in one section and then in wider appreciation of Joseph Smith whether the "scientific"biography of another section becomes a warm deshould be applauded. Mr. Evans'Joseph Smith will ever be written. fender of his subject or the Church,

book does that. But, of course, there will be more and and indulges in the search for reasons

Before making a few critical commore adequate treatises of the man as to justify them. (For example, see

ments about the book itself it might new sources of information are de- p. 266 ff, also p. 272.) I mention

be well to say a word about biographiveloped by students, and as we achieve this not to condemn the author, but cal writing in general. The question greater objectivity towards him. This only to emphasize the difficulty the

was just raised concerning the adelatter problem is particularly difficult. author has experienced in his efforts to

quacy of any biography of Joseph Even though this book by Mr. Evans be "scientific."The biographer inSmith to picture the real person that is essentially a conventional Mormon evitably portrays his subject according

he was. Mormons refuse to accept any view of the Prophet, one L. D. S. reto the picture he has of the man in his

of the negative pictures of the Prophet viewer has already taken exception to own mind. Joseph is ever the hero to

drawn by socalled antiMormon, or parts of the biography as being "astonJohn Henry Evans, and because of that nonMormon writers. On the other ishing"to "orthodox L a 1 1 e r-d a y he rises to defend him against those

hand, the nonMormons cannot accept Saints."(M. E. Peterson, Deseret who would attack him.

the picture of Joseph Smith as porNews.) It seems to be inevitable that Another procedure not usually astrayed by the Mormon biographers. we picture our great men as more than sociated with scientific method, is the

One might logically raise this question: human, and not possessed of those traits failure of the author to make citations

"What sort of man was the real Jowe associate with "common clay."Just to sources. True, there is an annotated

seph Smith?"Is he one hundred peras we resent the discovery that George bibliography of sources consulted, but

cent like the Mormon portrayal? Is Washington drank liquor or played numerous quotations are made in the

he one hundred percent like the noncards: so Latterday Saints do not care book, for which specific sources are

Mormon picture? Or is he a mixture for any facts concerning the "human"not given. Those who are familiar in

of the two? Common sense would side of Joseph Smith. For example an (Continued on page 743)

Summaries of Current Magazine Articles

Is College Worth While? like to tinker with radio sets are often a sign of inward grace and spiritual

By ROBERT E. ROGERS regardedwhereas, asas a beingmatter embryoof fact, engineers,they may precinctscontentment,of thenotmoneychangersa season pass toin thethe

(Forum for September, 1933) be merely embryo tinkerers, who would temple of the goddess, Success.

excellent girls recruit make repair automobile men, not our boys and Why registration has stood engineers. but never to college for pledges to live in to town, Going the home the well during COLLEGEup amazingly

last three years of hard times, will not make engineers of tinkerers, make living there a useful, gracious, which has convinced college nor business executives of chainstore rich experience? To be a good farmer, authorities that college has come to be managers—college does not teach you or mechanic, or craftsman; to make

to a living. It make a the teach collar should white of ceremonial proud you life. indispensable in national our They

live; to but the occasion, dress how American of people not a badge of poorhave realized that not young many

refuse to it consider daily servitude? ly paid as anything the but To make folks are college to going because they

have nothing else to do. The real test an economic asset. public library and bookstore as much

will come this fall, when family reLet us look for a moment at the the real centers of life in town as the serves are getting very low and but a possibilitylife, whichofshouldcollegebeteachingsufficientthe withgood cornerto makedrugthe storetownandas proudthe pictureof itsshow;amais in circulation. little more money

There is a great American question out great riches. (Oh yeahs, from teur orchestra and choral society as of

in connection with all this: is it right American parent and child.) The its twilight league baseball team? To

and good that every American young average college boy and girl may, and live more abundantly? Far better than

person should regard a college educaoften does, leave after four years still to be one of the hundreds of socalled tion as his right? Twentyfive years the unlicked cub who entered; but they professional men in a big city, poorly

ago a comparative few sought college might just as easily go trained in mind paid lawyers and draftsmen and salesdegrees; now few do not; then a deand body, in speech and manners, with men and bond peddlers—all college

gree gave a young man or woman a a love of learning for its own sake graduates at a dime a dozen!

decided advantage in the race in life; and a mastery of one beloved subject.

now there is still professional school They might know swimming, fenc- I Hold Office ing, golf, dancing; they might college beyond for those who would have By HOLMES M. ALEXANDER cultural opportunities in abundidea a colfound today regarding excel. The

lege education is almost identical with ance; they might have developed the (Harper's for September, 1933)

the idea of a high school education a reading habit; have learned to write T X 7HEN I entered the State House as

quarter of a century ago. Law or enand speak their own tongue competent- "'a legislator, at the age of 24, it

gineering or medical schools are for ly and to speak effectively upon their was the first time I had ever set foot in those who would go into professions. feet; but do they? Most of them leave it. After trooping with the others up

For young folks of average ability and without the slightest idea what it means to the House chamber, and finding my ordinary interests, an A. B. or B. S. to be an educated, cultivated gentleman seat, marked with my name, I was imwill do little more than a high school or woman; and without any way of pressed by the "Hon."prefix (though

diploma; if they have not the brains, earning a living. Better for the parents a subsequent realization of who the

patience, energy or money to go to a to have spent the money to hire some other honorables were lessened the inprofessional school, few practical results able business man or craftsman to teach tensity of my vanity). Though my

will obtain from an ordinary college a trade; or a woman to teach a girl to seat was four removed from Slim's

education. be a wife, mother, homemaker, holding (Slim was the veteran of our county

This is the problem the average parup before her the ideal quite opposite delegation—had been in the Legislaent of average income must face: is it to that given her in many women's colture for twelve years) I was soon regoing to be worth while to put your lege, where she is discouraged from seated, next to him, that he might betnose to the grindstone, make the sacrimarriage and homemaking. But this ter coach me during the session. (I fice, scrimp and save money to send will not be done—they must stay in had been furious at his implication that Johnny or Jennie to college just becollege—it is an American tradition, I would need any coaching.)

cause all their friends are going? Has and one by which most parents will I came to the State House with all

the child the brains? Not general inmake every effort to abide. the earnestness and credulity of a young

telligence, but brains which will difAll right then, but let us start to man who has been told that there is ferentiate him from the rest of the emphasize the arts and crafts and aptian opportunity for him to do somecrowd. Has he done extra well in tudes which make for a rich and crething to better politics; I left, a few

high school, or just slipped by spendative use of leisure time. If the chilmonths later, shorn of any loftiness

ing all his enthusiasm on athletics and dren of the future are going to work save that of a tolerant and hilarious social affairs, trying to get by in studfewer days and shorter hours, as seems contempt for things political. My

ies with as little effort as possible? Has inevitable, teach them to use their service to the State I have been forced

he any real intellectual curiosity, any leisure creatively. True, it will not to regard as a comic adventure, worth

real ability to use his mind? Boys who prepare them for professional work, little to me or anyone else. My eleand we needn't pretend that it will, but vation to public office served as a great

*Used by permission. the certificate, if they have one, will be joke to my friends, also, and no wonThe Improvement Era for October, 1933 743

der. Before I had been in office a week, bargain and barter, where matters ofI realized that public ideas of a poliright and wrong are not always disJoseph Smith—An

tician are that they are either crooks or tinguishable.

either idea Prophetnincompoops; was and American after at arrival State the Soon my from Continued friends. tofunny my the lobbyists curiaroused House my 741 page

I the Legislative In Assemblies, met I osity. to expected be had them

literature general will the with knowall of kinds and boobs pilbanditti skulking hid behind who people—from is the material to where found; be butshysters to hypocrites and quacks and lars temptations into and whispered

is the reader to introduced being whothose capable. were honest who and ears, really innocent while were they

field literature the of will no Mormon theBut ofhonest usually capable and intelligent, mostly industrious more cispecific regret absence the of doubt the intellifended voters their very by certainly less and than shamefaced literature. tations togence, rarely to and returned ofwere legislators. were Professional lobwe

gets that the reader impression Thisfice. I is bying, learned, the asbased on

the hastily written, rather was book that sumption office, every a his price I has into did, as Coming man with latter part. particularly the Patient

Inatural his or never weakness; assumption have and selfimportance, of revision certainly checking and would

I it it. difficult found as ever a reason to to found regarded be one doubt No spellled correct the the to author have offered"yes"stirred to told man, vote. and or by money me At me how (spelled the in Rippite of Rappite ing

first the I questions psalmistry, nevertheless, was, so but were unimportant text); (Tryton). and Tryon Ithat victimised lobbyist. to happened a vote the the Slim by way Among es- I repeat, has us given Evans, Mr.advised finally in certain zealots vital a really me; a a cause charmwhen was sentially conventional a view Mormonmatter I ing, up, persistent came contrary voted and exyoung lady—an has the Smith. of Prophet Joseph Heto I Slim's coaching, debutante tired frivsocial publicly of huwas was who a a direction the in step of commademiliated, labelled olity. bolter, a estrangseveral She changed and our minds of life his sense interpretation of moned rest the from of delegation; were enchantingly Slim hoodwinked my—we are so unwork. Those and who Isaid not insulted bill, had into only after persupporting her which him as that the to Prophet think orthodoxsonally, jilted but she herself had lives, party. took until, out of our He my infallible, disturbed will any be by was already tradedhad this perhaps, vote for the session. next on my biographical shows treatment which

Ianother, failed and had him. Vainly fallible. I to therefore rose to time, the be and the of him end human At

I that argued vote was my if are there mine—not the that any few us Let hope mixed with sing Syne"Lang "AuldSlim's the nor he shook like these. Party's—but an heard has a of would Those schoolboy emotions of who who

Ihis that head informed had and me of all analysis impartial his exhaustive bell ring, for last his and who, and elected I'd sobeen the along"with "go of all a treatment including the Prophet, his disgust, of hours and boredom rest. I later, then, out and found And will disapsocial be his backgrounds, himself, finds for the end, longings

singlethat his or vote man's no burnis It this that in true book. pointed arrived, smitten with the end when

ising conviction to transform enough originality the in discussing the of sentiment.

ideas,his legislainto good, however cites evithe author of Wisdom Word it sorry I gladtion. was was over—not the before there that people dence were

I I the despised of come. some had It grossly foolish be unwould and the advancof were time Prophet who

I seen political without methods hadfair to lot there that a imply not was similar doctrines those advanced to ing its itself the or even despising gameof necessary competent done; and work is the in no There of Wisdom. Word

I illusions practitioners. about had nothere all was; that mattered but was this point; facts the about on doubt

State, desire service or to any my my exclusivedone oligarchy run and an by verify to so wishes anyone do may who it. I to repeat or prolong have But leaders bosses,of indiand only and very for Evans Mr. them himself—but office! held filerectly the delegates, rank of and by says, "there cautiously be some may

who, thus ignored, soon became chiefly truth in the statement."Such an atticoncerned with making their stay as tude, I say, will be disappointing to

pleasant as possible. And it was essome.

sential that they should take their LegNevertheless, all Latterday Saints islative duties lightly, or go mad. The should be grateful to Mr. Evans for

highhandedness of political methods this book. As stated earlier, it willI shall never cease to wonder at—and doubtless be read by a wider public of

how politicians get away with it. Bills nonMormons than the usual book on

were presented to us so buried in the Mormon theme, and will unquesamendments and rushed through on tionably result in a deeper appreciation suspended rules so that we had no idea of the work of Joseph Smith.

what they really were about. Once I It is to be hoped that people will

voted for what I thought was against read the book from the standpoint of it movies, turnedSunday and attemptthat of out, diMr. Evans—namely

its trick setvested of of amendments, facts the ing to about find and interpret a setupto be merely of a censorship point Joseph not from the Smith—and

for the eventually to be createdboard considers already of view of one who benefit of a few more jobholders! himself in possession of all the facts,

Once I saw a bill come up which failed and that anything which goes counter by four votes; a delegate called for a to those "facts"is to be disregarded

revision of rollcall, and during the inand condemned. It is well to rememterim between the recount and the ofber in this connection that much of

ficial announcement, he scurried about what one has always been told isn't and managed to persuade three coltrue. Time does not necessarily make

leagues who had presumably just voicstatements true, although it seems to ed the dictates of their consciences to do just that. The reader of this book

see things differently and change their will undoubtedly be inspired to read votes. Such maneuvers seemed to me much more about the life of Joseph

at first outrageous and I would have Smith from other sources, and thus to no part in them, but before long I came gain a still wider knowledge of this;

to understand that politics even sin- 'Where their feet have trod.'"engrossing subject.cerely played, comes to be a game of—Dr. Lowry Nelson.

USIC

The Use of L. D. S. Hymns

\T is gratifying to report that there is know a large number of songs well us, or to others FOR us. But in a conan increase in the use of the new enough to join heartily in their rengregational song, under ideal condihymn collection throughout the entire dition if they have the words before tions, every one present may EXChurch. As the members of this Comthem. And besides, if the congregaPRESS his own prayer, or may speak

mittee visit the wards it is noted that tion is asked to sing it should be made TO his neighbor, or may thrill by the new book is in quite general use, easy for them to sing the songs with giving utterance to his own reaction especially among the choirs. It would full meaning if the act of singing is to to the content of the words he is singbe a fine thing if hymn books could be effectual. ing. In order that the singing may

be gradually added to the property of As long as we employ congregationprofit the individual and be a service the wards and distributed among the al singing as an act of our worship unto God it must be done with undercongregations. Anyone who has obsurely it ought to be done in a way standing. Take the new hymn book

served the difference in participation of that is worshipful. There is something and open it to the index of content;

a congregation with books in their particularly beautiful even in the what a wealth of expression you would to access that has no one hands and find, subjects. It singing. of congregational and thought many on how converted will to be need not books

it, that prayer. seem for the quickest instance, with would and Compare latter the fact in singing to the that

case is way ahead of the former, because An individual offering a prayer in a surest means of uniting the hearts and people do not KNOW very many songs service gives expression to his own lips in any subject in a meeting would sufficiently to sing them without a thoughts FOR us all; or liken it to be to make it possible for ALL the

copy, whereas, most of our people a sermon: one person is speaking TO people to join in a gospel song.

Song Practice in the Congregation npHE Church Music Committee has period of a few years by his song pracwould be greatly improved in this way.

* recommended for a long time octice in Sunday school. Any other orThe manner of going about such a

casional practices of hymns by the ganization might afford the same practice is vital to its success. It takes congregations. It has been suggested growth if it has provided in its program two things to make a song—words and

that this practice take place at such for a specific and regular time for singmusic; no song can exist without both.

time as the bishop consents to, either ing practice. The Sunday School has The chorister's job, then, is so to hanbefore or after the meeting. In some done it for many years. It is not too dle the practice that the people get

instances much improvement is being much to affirm that the congregational hold of the two elements of the song.

made in the singing of the congregation singing of the whole Church would How shall it best be done? Each one

by this means. Some choristers are show a large retrogression were the will of necessity have to work out his

backward in attempting such song song practice, as a regular part of the own way according to his own ability practices because they do not know procedure of Sunday School, to be disand the kind of people he has to deal exactly how to go about it. Of course, continued for a generation. with. The people of different wards

if it be done in a desultory, perfunctory It was the contention that the people vary in ability and experience; in the

manner it may result in the opposite to sing best that which they know, and language of "Mikado,""the punishwhat was intended by its attempt. Our know best that which they have been ment will have to fit the crime"in the

people are as a rule serious in their taught, and that they learn more rapidmanner in which the work is taken up.

meetings and they resent childplay ly and thoroughly if they have opporCertain it is, however, that melody is among grownups, and a chorister faces tunity for definite training, that the first thing that appeals to all singers.

quite a task who sets about conducting prompted the Church Music Committee It would be well to begin with a song a practice among adults. to suggest an occasional practice in that is familiar, and one that has such

as a will It permit of second congregation. a melody the singing was felt by is singing of a love common But

easily. naturally part being intelligent sung and worship as that singing our people our persons, andto normal most

is this is character tune of what "Do A singin reared group are particularin right;"feelings."another "School thy will observer ing. thoughtful The

It will that elements the be found two are outcongregations for that Tintsnotice our Laughter Gay obligato of primary melody an and in singparticipation their instanding create will inpart second more much Helen Gardner By the group. Theying done by when terest stirred will a than be mere by up

fair with acquaintance many ahave not good was C>HE a singing the song. congreof When

-s they it that will notedsongs, be and goodness he counted The way experienced the has gation pleasure of meetings, heartily the being prim, songs Attending bestsing most and in the suggestsongs sung two manner laughter she brought But will best. observerthey The know it difficult will find addito ed be not her. loved so we And congregabest the seen thatalso have interesting tional of them. ways The he good was Though

is those intional wards singing done chorister devise will ingenuity the afraid of of were him. We

profitablethat enjoyed always have thoughts were somber Such will that of his, various avenues approach singing in the song practice in the He must have dyed his soul in deepest be new all the time. Above all, a

in black, can be cited School. WardsSunday practice pleasurable, song be must made

stirs surely laughter But Schoolwhich a awake Sunday wide will chorister to be well need and a paint of gold and red and blue A thechorister influenced has powerfully in that order prepared take he may like hers. souls For

singing of the whole people during the advantage of any emergency.

<jKekhi%edek Priesthood A Historical Record of Members

HPHE High Priest's Quorum of the cerning the member such as date of committee in their work among the

Idaho Falls Stake has had printed marriage, state of health, financial conmembers.

a blank on which to keep the historical dition relative to the ownership or nonThe opposite side of the sheet is record of each of its members. This ownership of the home, etc. The lined for a brief personal history of

record includes date and place of birth blank which is comprehensive is exthe person whose name appears on the and in addition many other items conpected to assist the personal welfare sheet.

Elders'Quorum of Raymond, Alberta, Cooperate

HpHE Elders'Quorums of Raymond town took the lead in improving this work, two hundred and twentysix carried out a very worthy activity condition. loads of cinders had been hauled and

during the Spring of this year. At the call of the Quorum Presidents a very fine piece of road for about 250

For some time the road leading to the members responded in goodly numyards had been built, including a surour Stake House presented a problem bers with teams, trucks, and shovels. faced parking area.

to motorists during stormy weather. It was decided to surface the road with This work brought into active serAt the suggestion of the Stake Presi- a heavy coat of cinders from the local vice many elders, who before had been

dency the two Elders'Quorums of this sugar factory. After two or three days'inactive.

Honesty WARD TEACHERS'MESSAGE FOR NOVEMBER

Prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric by Oscar W. McConkie

A Nupright,honest mantrustworthy,is fair, just,free fromtrue, probablyearly a man'sthe lasttraininglesson whichbegins,he learnsit is price,"ever declaredis a plainit mustfabrication.shock thoseWhenwho

fraud; is creditable, equitable, respectthoroughly."are not so "learned as to have lost their

able, unimpeached, open, sincere, The statement, "All men have their common sense."There are many whose

frank, chaste, and virtuous, to both honor can not be made the subject of himself and to others. He will not barter, and who can neither be bought

deal falsely, nor defraud his "neighTo The Seventies nor sold. Many are intellectually honbor, neither rob him,"nor do any "unBy Lawrence A. Jones est,ly honest,yearningdesiringto knowtotruth,live right.and moralTorighteousness in in judgment, meteyard, in weight, or in measure."He TTEADS up, ye Seventies, and see know the truth and not live it is dishas "one manner of law, as well for -** The golden angel on the towering honest. But in the search for truth no

the stranger, as for one of your own spire price is too high. Truth is a bargain

country,"nor does he "lie one to an- A valorous sentinel o'er the Temple of at any price.

God, are grades of dishonThere manyother,"another,"nor "oppress one nor fire. a witness of message with A is misrepresentawhichsteal. among

last aspires esty, the sounds and trump He its in the tion. debut Lying made letter dated In a July 29, 1795, kings the of presumptuwarning and To

is resorted to of and Garden Eden wrote, oneWashington is but "There ous power:

straight course, and that is to seek "Repent ye, repent ye, for the millennial create a false impression. Temptation

truth and pursue it steadily."That hour!"to do so tests loyalty. It determines

is loyal exto an moreis whether one the "angel of progress."The time up, ye Seventy, be Heads and

profit, financial he of pected which it isto neglects is now. do He who to all peoples; truth messenger of A his to his neighbor, to or rob life's true to impulses, noblestnot and priesthood the of thy In and valor hopes power

therefore is not wholly honest. To arise, own honor. One is generally loyal

procrastinate is to waste life, which is Break fetters of fear; make faith thy to that which he desires most, so the

measured by an undefinable and but steeples test is approximately accurate. But

slightly comprehended something callTo the seraph's flaming tongue thine is time always adjusts on the basis of sequel. It just take a compensation. is may thing the yeted time, time which

seal the the dejudgments law 'ere up the of long a law but it must be. It is eternity, gives and opGomakes to man

: scend earth. exaltation for conportunity through ye, ye, for the time of prepare "Prepare

quest. To waste it is to thwart the the end!"Certain dishonesty is the fruit of a

divine plan and thus to defeat the purwicked heart, as one who, because of pose of life, thereby wasting life, which Heads up, ye Seventy, and sing superior knowledge, or because of a the towering thy symbol on Of It, society. authority, which,cheats the spire; position or of trust both and man

chivalrous a the gospel of envoy is itself, It You'retherefore, suscourse. far goes to disarm not within an honest

Christ, of said, tear Professor picion, to plans or "PerHuxley unmakewas down who of fire. with a message A witness

haps the most valuable result of all Go sound the last trump and aspire others to build himself up. Whether

education is the ability to make yourTo the warning of kings: "All tyranny by force or persuasion, by false declaself do the thing you have to do when trod, rations or otherwise, the aim is to deit ought to be done, whether you like Make straight the paths of the living prive helpless or unsuspecting persons

it or not; it is the first lesson which God!"of their property, or to injure them

ought to be learned, and, however more seriously. Facts are concealed

746 The Improvement Era for October9 1933

or contorted at the pleasure of the Success can not be measured by silver or gold. To get material wealth

manipulator. Not infrequently in wealth or by what one accomplishes, honestly and to use it wisely is good,

such action he, who has become a trap but more properly by the course and but those who have it not, yet who to the unwary, finds opportunity for courage one maintains, and by the ophave lived honestly have noble chardisplay of virtue. He holds out bread position overcome, as well as by the acter and time for capital, while time

in one hand while in the other he holds desire of the heart. The Master comis the inheritance of all, regardless of

a stone. It is a wanton, heinous type pleted His ministry with but little conmaterial wealth or character. With

of dishonesty. Surely the hand of juscern for money; and when accosted by it, by honest conquest, all may become

tice will rest heavily upon such. a beggar His chief apostle was without ultimately and everlastingly rich.

Weekly Thoughts on Tithing By DR. FRANKLIN MADSEN

Week of Oct. 1 developing generosity unsullied by gressive activity demanding a living,

43. "Tithe paying is a source of vanity. dynamic and increasing faith.

encouragement in that it makes posWeek of Oct. 1 5

sible a feeling in each individual of a 45. Tithe paying develops other Week of Oct. 29:

financial equality before God."Dr. constructive ideas and activities of 47. Tithe paying by members of a

George H. Brimhall. fidelity which in turn give strength to family helps them to band further tocharacter. gether in the bond of love, sympathy,

Week of Oct. 8 Week of Oct. 22: and devotion in that all are contrib44. Tithe paying is a system of 46. The paying of tithing is a prouting to the welfare of one another.

Bishops May Be Interested in This Communication

Dear Editor: people of the Church as I have heard our religion and need to know more

it. church to subject on express themselves go the about we on them When in interested been always "LJAVING it is I learn to Mormonism. about. Sunday, writing We am

official as publication the an Era issues, practical for to can go Mutual feeling a to seems be among There I like to recomthe church, should of it should that us to seems Sunday but folks that the older brethren young we article published to to be you anmend is It gospel. the preaching in used be they unless church attend not would least that at somemagazine, in or the science as extensive a as beautiful and scientific, subus to worldly spoke on Priestto the appeal a specialone make university. in taught any any seljects. meetings, So, in we most condi- a about to something dohood

I I believe I this to because write a sermon. gospel you hear good dom is I in believe spreading tion which

than the will that I reach any safe in most saying more Era men believe am the Church. parts ofmany

If to somepublication. like other to to church church go of us would I returned recently a man, young am

article the all the a write get on doctrine. good one would church hear We I in belonged Europe. a missionfrom

is if through appeal subject, in or made digest school an our things can other we Delta the to, of alumnus an and am

I great believe channels, good contacts. proper in everyday our and Here life the of fraternity U. of U.Phi

in this mission I am chairman of the We younger men and women wish would result.

M. I. A. Board. Thus I believe I can our seniors would not be afraid to Respectfully yours,

speak the mind of most of the young teach us gospel principles. We cherish J. E.

*>- -C<*gpV31*- -<* OnePerson 's A dequateFood Supply for OneMonth

By U. S. A. C. Extension Division

Cod Liver Oil 12 oz. (for child) Gooseberries or Salmon V2. pt.

Milk 30 qts. dewberries 1 pt. Meat (fresh) 1 lb.

lb. dried -3 qts. Beans, V2 FruitsButter 2 lbs. Large

1 lb. qt. Cheese V2 Peaches

Vegetables: Apricots pt. American 1 lb.

1 qt. Greens qt. Pears Cottage rA lb.

Spinach 1 pt. pt. Eggs: Plums

Beet greens 1 pt. Other fruits.3 qts. For children 30

Other canned vegetables 2 qts. Cherries 1 qt. For adults 3060

Peas 1 pt. Rhubarb 1 pt. Fats 1 V2 lbs.

1 qt. String beans lb. juice 1 pt. Fruit Lard

1 Asparagus 1 lb. 6 lbs. Bacon (stored) pt. Apples

Dried corn L Vz pt. Flour 8 lbs. Sweets 3 lbs.

Stored 24 lbs. Whole wheat 4 lbs. Sugar 2 lbs.

Cabbage 2 Yz lbs. White 4 lbs. Molasses V2 lb.

Potatoes 12 lbs. Cereals 2 lbs. Honey J4 lb.

Carrots 5 lbs. Rolled Oats 1 lb. Water 1216 gallons

Beets 2 lbs. Whole wheat V2 lb. Those who would like to prepare

Onions 2 lbs. Roman meal V2 lb. for the winter now while foodstuffs,

Tomatoes 3 qts. Proteins: especially that obtained from the garFruits: Meat (dried or cured)—1 Vi lbs. den and farm are available, may be

Berries 2 qts. Meat (canned) IVz pts. interested in this outline. This not

Raspberries 1 qt. Beef 1 pt. only gives the amounts necessary, but a

Strawberries 1 pt. Chicken 1 pt. carefully balanced ration as well.

<i>n.aromc Priesthood

Suggestions to Aaronic Priesthood Supervisors

responsibility training there of members young should be in any ward TheAaronic Priesthood the Priesthood for thereto. ordination to a attached little formality men

Primary Cooperation still remains with the Aaronic Priest- "Therefore, it is desired that everyhood supervisor. He should make evone whose name is to be presented to

A NOTHER special campaign to ery effort to have the boys of his ward the ward members in fast or sacrament bring about effective cooperation active in Primary work. Where boys meeting should be on the stand at the

between the Aaronic Priesthood Superare not taking the course in Primary, time. In the case of those to be orvisors and Primary Leaders in all the it is the duty of the supervisor to propdained deacons it is suggested that the

wards of the Church is being conducterly prepare these young men for orChairman or other member of the ed by the Presiding Bishopric for the dination to the Priesthood. As a matWard Aaronic Supervisors should be

purpose of increasing Aaronic Priestter of orderly procedure, graduations invited on the stand, as also the Presihood activity. from the Primary to the Aaronic Priestdent or other officer of the Primary.

Under the plans already announced, hood and to scouting are recommendAt the bishop's request they should, in the Primary Associations are conducted to be made March 1st, June 1st, turn, state what preparation the boys ing special courses in their Guide September 1st and December 1st of have had and what evidence they have

Classes for boys between 1 1 and 1 each year. Supervisors and Primary shown of worthiness for the ordinayears of age designed to prepare them guide leaders should anticipate these tion to the priesthood.

for ordination to the Aaronic Priestgraduation dates in order that proper For instance, the chairman of the hood and for membership in Scouting. preparation might be made. The Aaronic Priesthood Supervisors could

Under this plan Aaronic Priesthood graduation exercises should be held in very well be called upon to make a

Supervisors, assigned to Deacons, are the Sacrament meeting with the superstatement such as the following:

urged to contact all boys, as they bevisor and the Primary officer present- "'Bishop, brethren come 1 1 years of age, in their homes ing the boys, who have become 12 in and sisters: The Aaronic Priesthood

and preferably in the presence of their the preceding three months, and who Supervisors have had (Wayne Brown, parents. The purpose of the visit is have been properly prepared for ordinJohn Thomas, etc.) in preparation for

to explain to the boys the purpose of ation to the Priesthood, to the bishop this ordination for the past (seven) the Aaronic Priesthood, its place in the who then presents them to the congremonths and have been in contact with

Church, something of its history and gation for approval. The ordination their parents. We are able to state

its importance in the life of every Latmay then be made in the Sacrament that these boys are all living clean terday Saint boy. The boys should meeting or in the quorum meeting lives. They are keeping the Word

be urged to continue in the Primary where the boys should be presented to of Wisdom. They do not use proAssociation until they have graduated their quorums and accepted by them. fanity. They attend to their prayers

and are ready to be ordained Deacons. It is believed that this plan will greatly and are otherwise worthy to be orIn the Primary Association the leadincrease the number of 12year-old dained deacons. They are willing to

ers conduct a regular course approved boys ordained to the Priesthood and perform the service attached thereto.

by the Presiding Bishopric. This what is more important, impress upon I am glad to recommend them to you

course includes the history of the them the sacredness and importance to for your favorable consideration.'(If

Aaronic Priesthood, its place in the them of this privilege. any boy is not proven worthy of such

Church today, Church organization, recommendation he should not be oruntil worthy.) he isthe of Wisdom, Articles Word of Faith, Ordination in the Aaronic dained bishop shouldthe ordinances then arise and "The Commandments, Ten

of the Priesthood and other fundaPriesthood call each boy by name to stand. He

mentals. The records show that the should then present each by name for

percentage of boys who continue in TN response to numerous requests sugthe separate vote of the congregation.

Primary until they are graduated to the gestions made in bulletin Number "This same procedure should be folAaronic Priesthood is not nearly as 177, pertaining to ordinations in the lowed in the case of teachers and priests, large as it should be. In order that Aaronic Priesthood are printed hereexcept that in such cases the Primary

every boy should have the benefit of the with: officers would not be called upon to

training provided in the Primary Asso- "In order to be assured of the make recommendations. In very small

ciation, there should be the closest coworthiness of those who are to be orwards where there may be no superoperation between Aaronic Priesthood dained in the Aaronic Priesthood and visors, a member of the bishopric who supervisors and Primary officers for the to promote appreciation of the dignity has had charge of the preparation of purpose of checking carefully on every and importance of these callings, it is the boys or young men, should make boy and visiting him with encourageappropriate that in the presentation of the recommendation."

ment to complete the Primary course. their names for the approval of the The Presiding Bishopric.

How to Use the Lesson Text and Book of Remembrance Lesson '"TpHE Book of Remembrance was It is reported that boys who were not genealogical and temple activities apsuggested by the Genealogical Somuch interested in Aaronic Priesthood pearing in each of the lesson books for ciety and was outlined by them. We work have become very much interestquorums of the Lesser Priesthood each

were happy to incorporate this work ed in the Book of Remembrance. They year should be taken up by the teacher

in our lessons for the Aaronic Priesthave carried their enthusiasm into their of a class as are all other lessons of the hood. There should be one lesson a homes and their parents have been concourse, except that a careful, stimulatmonth. We have some remarkable reverted to temple work. ing assignment should be made of the

sults from the study of these lessons. The twelve lessons pertaining to activity listed at the end of these les748 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

sons. Awards for Book of Rememthem, preferably in a public meeting. workers and committees, however,

brance achievements should be imThe entire series of such lessons and stand ready to assist with all their pressively made by Class Supervisors activities is under the supervision of power and experience, whenever they to individuals who have earned the Lesser Priesthood. Genealogical are invited to do so.

The Aaronic Priesthood Supervision Plan /PHE reason for its designation as the The bishopric of the ward have the duties but in their habits and their lives.

Lesser Priesthood is given in Secresponsibility of presidency over the Specifically, in the functioning of tion 107:1415, Doctrine and Coveentire Aaronic Priesthood, and have the the quorum meetings, a member of the

nants. After the Children of Israel authority and responsibility for the dibishopric should be present at the quohad left Egypt the duties and callings rection of the same. At the same time, rum meeting and have general direction

of the Aaronic Priesthood are clearly the bishop is specifically named by revof its activities. The presidency of the

set forth in Sections 20 and 84 of the elation as the President of the Priests'quorum preside and conduct the meetDoctrine and Covenants. In the orquorum. It is expected also that each ing with the help and advice of the

dination of boys to the Aaronic Priestmember of the bishopric will have genmember of the bishopric. The superhood it is desired that boys should be eral charge of one division of the visor is expected to present the class

ordained as near their twelfth birthAaronic Priesthood. The general praclessons. He also plans with the presiday as possible and function as Deacons tice is that the bishop presides over the dency of the quorum to check up on

for three years, namely, while they are priests and meets with them regularly, attendance, the making of assignments, twelve, thirteen and fourteen years old. the first counselor with the teachers and the following up of assignments and

Teachers are to function for two years, the second counselor with the deacons. all the other activities of the quorum.

namely, during the ages of fifteen and Their direction, however, does not inThe Secretary is expected to keep an sixteen; and Priests for three years durterfere with the presidency of the quoaccurate record of the quorum meetings

ing the ages of seventeen, eighteen and rum in the case of the teachers and the and the activities of all members. This

nineteen. They should then be wordeacons but they sit in an advisory carecord is of the utmost importance.

thy to be ordained to the Melchizedek pacity with them. This does not interThe supervisor should keep a check on

Priesthood at twenty years of age. Infere either with the duties of the superthe record as a means of keeping in

asmuch as many of the missionaries are visors who work under the direction of touch with individual activities of the called when they are about twenty, it the bishopric. Where the bishop prequorum members. With such a syswill give the young men the opporsides in person and attends the meetings tem in proper operation, the Aaronic

tunity of functioning in all the callings of the priest's quorum or class regularly, Priesthood becomes a great training of the Aaronic Priesthood and also havthe young men gain the advantage of school to prepare the young men of the ing the opportunity of working for a the association with the bishop and of Church for the greater responsibilities short time in the Melchizedek Priestobtaining the benefit of his advice and of the higher priesthood and for future hood before they are called on missions. counsel, not only in their priesthood service in the Church.

Duties of Supervisors A MONG the various duties of the their ancestors. The filling of this boys will be graded according to their

supervisors of the classes or quobook makes a very interesting experiages approaching twelve years and from rums of the Aaronic Priesthood are to ence in the life of the young man. which they can be graduated every

take charge of the lesson work; be preEvery boy who is approaching the three months so that every boy, who is

pared on the lesson and to bring out age of twelve should, for several months a member of the Primary Association, from all members of the class their at least, or preferably for a year previif prepared, can be ordained within understanding of the lesson itself and ous thereto, be given special considerathree months of his twelfth birthday.

the purpose of the lesson; to follow up tion and training in preparation for The details of this Primary cooperation

the attendance of members; to see that this important responsibility. It has plan have been submitted to the ward

the weekly assignments of duties are already been urged that boys should be bishoprics and it is suggested that the made and that the assignments are propprepared in ample time so that, if they proper encouragement be given the Prierly performed; to prepare the young are worthy, they may be ordained at or mary Association in all of the wards of

men for ordination and advancement in as near as possible, their twelfth birththe Church in helping to prepare these the priesthood; to supervise the social day. However, in connection with the young men for this priesthood. The

and fraternal activities and to consider Primary Association, it has been agreed same plan of preparation should be folthe general welfare of the quorums. The that the Primary Association shall lowed in the case of Deacons who are

regular lesson courses outlined should have classes for the boys in which the approaching the age at which they be followed in all the quorums and should be ordained Teachers. Superclasses of the Aaronic Priesthood. visors should give special attention to

Every member should have a copy of the preparation of these boys to enter the lesson book and use it. Naturally the higher calling, in addition to the

the supervisor should be thoroughly regular training they receive in the prepared on the lesson in order to be quorums and so with the advancement able to present it properly and to draw from Teacher to Priest. In the matter

out from the members their views upon of assignments of duty it is very desirthe lesson itself. The class exercises able that every member of the quorum

perto assignment have should someare into divided two periods—activity his of that is a part week form every lesson work. are of veryand Both

great importance. Neither should be duties in the priesthood calling. There

minimized. are so many things that these boys can

properly do in each of the callings of

Once a month a lesson is given on Deacons, Teachers, and Priests that genealogy and in connection therewith there is ample opportunity for every all the of be should members quorum regularly. Therefunction to member

to aencouraged obtain of remembook priestthe spirit the of develop they by it tobrance carry forward. and The

they other can obIn way no is to inpurpose hearts develop the of MonumentMormon Trailin EchoLeavesCanyonthe whereHighwaythe hood.

it. tain a desire afterthe to look young men

MUTUAL MESSAGES

executive Department Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendence General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, SO NORTH MAIN STREET RUTH MAY FOX,

RICHARD R. LYMAN, LUCY GRANT CANNON,

MELVIN J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

Road Show Acts complishmentin the Ward feltrecord.the honorThusofeveryonehaving daughtersSister Bartholomewhave had an exceptionaland her recfive

/\H where oh where has my Road their candidate as Queen, and bent their ord for attendance at Mutual, and par- - Show Act gone, efforts toward putting her in. ticipation in activities.

Oh where, oh where can it be?"ingThisand samevaluableStakerecordkeepsofanparticipainterest-

might well be the song sung by the tion in activities, with a sheet lined and Excerpt from a Toast of authors and composersnumber participants, to enter of names who headed to our Daughters insent acts in the First to be entered activity, as: Story, Dance, Speech, such

Annual Road Show Act Contest of the Drama, Music, and a space in which By Wealtha Porter Reiner

I. last spring. announced A.M. The particieach they time to them mark Given at Mother's and Daughter'slast lines will of the song give an this they can idea pate. In obmanner Outing, Stake Morgan answer:of the just as tain accurate information to

"They have gone to be judged, so have who has been active and in what lines. "VT'OU'VE been given a birthright no

patience awhile 1 money can buy.

And you'll hear of your act presentKolob Stake Mothers With allegiance to God and His glory ly."very near future announceand Daughters You'veon high.been born under covenant, In the

ment will be made through columns of A T the annual Mother's and everlasting and trueThe Improvement Era and by mail to *- Daughter's Outing of the Kolob Not many thus favored as I am—and

those who win of the results of the Stake, Mrs. Charlotte Bartholomew you.

contest. Many excellent Road Show of the Springville Second Ward, reacts were submitted, and the judging of ceived the distinction of having more You daughters of Zion, so favored and

them has been no light task. It is to daughters present of M. I. A. age, than blest,

be hoped that the decision of the judges any other mother of the Stake. Led here by our forefathers to land of

will be so satisfactory that it will comAs a part of the program the Secthe west.

pensate for the long wait in making ond Ward offered an original presentaMay each one prove faithful to God the decisions known! And if that tion in which each class of the Y. L. and His laws,

should be the case, it would be the first M. I. A. was represented by a member Stand firm in the gospel and Zion's

contest in history to have such an outof the Bartholomew family. The great cause.

come! class symbols and Improvement Era

were featured. May God's guiding hand, and the love

Oquirrh Stake Idea GuardofyouHisandmightshield you when doing

Shared With Others the right. We love you, we trust you, we know

HpHE plan which Oquirrh Stake inyou'll prove true augurated last year for the selection O beautiful girlhood—and motherof the Queen of the Gold and Green hood too.

Ball worked so well that they are repeating it this year, and explain it herewith in order to give other Stakes Mantua M. I. A. Chorus

the benefit of their experience: Succeeds

Instead of choosing a Queen on a popularity basis, they made her coro- /PHE members of the Mantua M. I.

nation a symbol of Ward accomplish- A. Male Chorus have enjoyed unment. Percentages were worked out, usual success in their activities this seaand credit given Wards during the year son. The motivation afforded by the

for: enrollment; % attending M. I. A. seventeen public appearances made by

regularly; % of Ward Officers and the group in the last two months has

Teachers at Union meetings; % of helped to develop in the boys an unquota reached in Era drive; % of Fund believable interest in singing. Of the

paid. Record was kept during the 38 members in the chorus only five had

season up to the time of the Ball, and had experience in organized singing the ward reaching the highest point was prior to the organization of the club a the Ward to furnish the Queen. Other The Bartholomew Family, Springyear ago. Elmer Jeppsen was the diwards furnished attendants—both M ville, Utah. An M. I. A. mother and rector and Barbara Rasmussen, accomMen and Gleaners, in order of their acfive daughters—14 to 23. panist.

750 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

Joint Program for November *- 1. Song—."Shall the Youth of Zion Adults

be sung by the ward Falter"—to

choir Chorus. or the Mutual Calendar effect on those over forty; starts them

out anew and assures them that the race 2. Prayer. October 3 Opening Department is not over. 3. Song—"What Shall the Harvest Social. The book is divided into eleven

is Religion. October inchapters chapter each has an and chorus. with Be?"—solo 110—What title. October teresting Theology. and 7—Religion refining 4. Slogan—"Inspired by the Life. title October enter and is the of envying""We 24—Religion will influences of we Mormonism first October the chapter. Man. begins sayby He 31—The gifts us."the within develop "Life ing November that are forty Book entering you who 7—ReviewPerfect

Begins at Forty."may not know it, but you are the 5. Reading—Selected. November God. and luckiest generation whole ever. The 14—Religion 6. Instrumental Solo.

it Matter, Does for world has been remodeled your November 21—What 7. Speech—Some mature man or Your God or Mine."greater glory. Year by year the line woman who will prepare well for November 28—Is God Omnipotent. between youth and age thins and fades.

the occasion. The Patriarchal family has vanished.

Subject, in Utah and other states TROM the November calendar above Parents and children are simply human first the leader at will see beings,"that the he says and that a woman where the 18th the vote on Amendthe best milking machines given defifty, should in November be place, Tuesday already has taken not ment electricity the reviewing voted to course reading in her can handle home, and"Why I Shall Vote For Repeal.'

at "Life ten times Begins dairy cans Forty."book cows and as many We

1. Quote slogan of 191617: "We hope that the following brief outline as the milk maid on her dairy stool.

stand for State and Nationwide Proof a review will encourage you to read Thanks to superpower and machinery hibition."We have not changed our this interesting challenge to adults and house work is becoming a joke and instand. also assist you in preparing a fuller stead of spending all of our time mak-

2. The Word of Wisdom advises book review which will provide a very ing a living—we are living."

against use of liquor and all authorities interesting program for your first TuesIn chapter two entitled "Youth in agree that it has no beneficial effects day in November. the Red,"he says that from youth to

when taken into the body. "Life Begins at Forty,"by Walter seventeen we are busy growing up

B. Pitkin, Prof, of Journalism, Co- a period of pleasant confusion and

3. I uphold the prohibition amendlumbia University. tingling mysteries. From seventeen to

ment because many people cannot "A man who made his own post twentytwo we learn the social life in withstand enjoyas business as pleasure well of and most vigorous—more freely distributed. in all senses of settle close at the and us marry down the temptation of liquor fortiesable—moremore profitable

4. Many authorities declare that the the word, than the years which preof this period. Then we start to make

his fortieth year."a toil children of raisinglicensing its sale materially ceded of will not living—the York Times says, "This The the New building hard pull of push- a home, depression.aid the recovery in our from

I agree with them. book is keenly stimulating, challenging up the worn rungs of the success

these enthe world wags ladder—as 5. The taxing of liquor will not openinging acceptedto the systems,reader newandfieldsconstantlyof posthe best energies terprises consume unsolve problems, taxation our interest. experts sible It should invaluable til be least, forty, at then or never we beIdeclare. agree with them also. to the the victim of gin Unemployto live lives."New our own

6. The licensing of liquor will ment, obliged to seek within himself reIn the third chapter "Fools Die

withdraw from other business much sources for the development of a new Young,"he assures us that life does support and will bring about business system."not begin at forty for the fool. It ends

stagnation in many fields. "The little book was written by then or sooner, simply because the fool

request. atpeople fool."is a had Many who

7. 18th was ratiAmendment The his lectures tended requested that the real brain the a of The man isfied large a majority of people. by My material be together. brought delicate of system governors, mighty

is it thatfeeling and was succeeding title itself a physiological has amplifiers, "The transformers, reswitches, succeed.can

These are mere statements intended to aid in directing the research of inexperienced speakers. Enthusiastic

"dry"speakers will have available plenty of material. Those who would

like additional information may write

The Defenders, care M. I. A., 50 North

Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

In those states where the voting on repeal has already been concluded some other topic for the evening might be taken such as "The Blessings of

Peace?"in which could be recounted

the blessings which followed the

Armistice; or "There's Still Much to

be Thankful For."The speaker could

recount the blessings which have come with the depression in the way of calling our attention to the follies of our old way of living.

8. Singing.

9. Benediction. Gold and Green Ball, Gridley, California

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 751

He allows us to peek into "The

New World,"in 1975, "Due to the work of science and better education, electric and chemical power will be as cheap as water now is. Energy will

have ceased to be a factor in calculating costs of consumption goods. Food

will have lost its significance in the family budget. Clothing will be so

cheap that no one will worry over its cost.

We will have parks, gardens, lovely homes, community centers and play grounds. Youth will lose his former

advantage over adults because relatively less and less horse power will be required to achieve any given result.

The increase of intelligent older groups will put business in its place as nothing else can.

Interior Y. L. M. I. A. Summer Home, Spring \Hollotv, Logan Canyon Chapter 9, "The New Division of

Labor,"we must learn a new division responsibility. labor and Let thoseducers, is the heart so as ing and soul of culture in of work of which fuses—all

past forty plan, carryto its highest while the young spread form. the longman's energies over

est time and over the greatest number Now turn to conversation. Were out programs, where energy is essential,

of affairs. The brain requires most of women to take half as much pains in select the energetic, where judgment

the years before forty to perfect the preparing their conversation as fixing based on long experience is most sorely art of managing its body. Science has their hair for dinner, life would be needed, look to the elders for leaderproven beyond a doubt that those with merrier. ship. The gravest weakness of the

the best minds may not grow rich in Then he advises hobbies. middle aged lies not in nature but in

cash, they last longest and get the most Happiness comes most easily after nurture. Man turns upon himself and

out of life for the least effort. So forty. Once past 40 rich experience devours his own vitals whenever he

while fools die young so far as real and clearer organization of wishes, enlacks external interests and the urge to living is concerned, super people learn ables one to know what he wants and grow.

to live and live late. to get it with ease, grace and precision. Chapter 10, "Parents should end at

In the fourth chapter, "Learning to You are a little less strenuous then forty."It can be demonstrated that

Live After Forty,"Mr. Pitkin says, than at 20 or 30, and therefore more any boy or girl a little above average

"I am convinced that if a child is badly inclined to pause at the climax of each intelligence can learn a new trade evhandled up to the age of Seventy, it is success and gloat over it. ery six months without straining mind

almost impossible to correct the bad In his seventh chapter "Does Womor muscle. In a well ordered society,

emotional twists in his nature afteran's Life Begin at Forty,"he feels that a man and wife in their late twenties wards."women are capable of and may shoulder would both have four and twenty

After forty a man is best able to the big important jobs. America will skills, most of which might be turned

put his job in its place. He should not go under unless built from the bottom into cash from time to time.

give it up but he should place it. We up and women may do it. They will Young people should learn to stand

should learn to budget our time have to educate, organize and rebuild on their own feet. Having to stand

sixty minutes in an hour, 24 hours in cities, governments and schools, work on one's own feet is, all in all, the a day, etc. Allow eight hours for sleep, out a national program of adult edugreatest good fortune that can befall

will will one. the only to be any have This work Not young need cation.seven you for work—whatever parents gain will but the over able be and to and done by men 40 womenfor dressing, any other undressing, and

unavoidables of modern existence in some fields women are best qualified live their own life at forty.

which seldom add joy to life, answerto think and to lead. He closes his book with a chapter

what—nowing routine letters, cleaning your teeth, v:

yearlyhours of remains?freedom—whatAbout to2500do

with them? That's an engineering

problem. Its an intricate trick of

measuring and weighing energy output, minutes and relative values.

In chapter five "Busy Leisure,"he tells us how to use our leisure and this is most interesting to the adult department. Much of it is similar to our

projects during the past and present years. See page 15 and 16, Adult

Manual 193334. He places travel

as the first way of using leisure. Travel

grows cheaper and cheaper—it is literally as cheap to go round the world

fti*il'*las to stay at home—from coast to coast

on less than $4.00 a day and we get

our information first handed. How

foolish to sit around like a toad on a stool when we might as well be getting an eye full some where else. The Old Fireplace—Y. L. M. I. A. Summer Home, Spring Hollow, Next to travel try reading.—ReadLogan Canyon

752 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

entitled "We Exit Envying."At

forty you will be wiser and happierthan at thirty. At fifty you will be Seniors

clearer, steadier, and surer than at forty.

sixty will be planning you and LeisureAt autoDiscussion Periods 18. Recreation

trips to Mexico, time Activities.mobile a new sailboat,

in I. Objectives to be achieved village fresh financea of study your 1920. of Recreation. Forms

discussion. group sense. yieldsfor to muscle and mind 2 1. Changing Religious 1. friendly, congenial Creating If will will I say you? but you you Scene of the 20th Cenrelationships a- and happy yes.use a mind, your you mind? Have tury. the of the members mong

group. 22. Youth and Religion.

Back up the Budget! 2. Developing an appreciation 23. Where is Religion Gofor Latterday Saints'social, ing.

'I *HE golden opportunity has come moral and spiritual ideals. 24. The Religion of the L.

A to us this year to remove one of the 3. Stimulating interest in and D. S.

greatest obstacles to the artistic and soknowledge concerning the The chapters are nontechnical cial success of our M. I. A. program great social movements of and intensely interesting.

the exploitation of recreation to raise the day. 2. How the manual should be

revenue. Revenue from recreation has 4. Cultivating the art of converused.

been the major motive behind many sation. (See pages 381 to a. Read its chapters as you

of our programs in the past. "How 391, Community Activity would articles from other

much money can we make out of it?"Manual.) current magazines.

has often been uppermost in the minds 5. Creating an interest in read- b. Discuss it informally as

of ward leaders. ing current literature, dealing you would any interesting

The M. I. A. has long urged that with vital human problems. article with a group of

recreation should not be debased by II. Leadership: Although the ideal friends before a fireplace.

the dollar motive; that it should be leadership may not be easily c. Secure general discussion.

recognized and used as a means to found it may be created. The Do not permit any one

qualiare following time. of the to some the monopolize social, educational,higher ends—for fications. d. Avoid uplift.cultural, Brigham and spiritual dogmatism—treat

alert, active mind. respect 1. Have an of the with views said, the of founderYoung, M. I. A.,

"We need recreation as well as relig- 2. Be a wide reader. every member of the class.

ion."It is the assignment of our or- 3. Enjoy discussion. e. The chapters need not be

ganizations to supply that need. Not 4. Have an open mind. followed in the order

mere amusement, but recreation that 5. Treat opinions of others with written. Any chapters

really recreates, no other is worthy respect. may be omitted if the

the name. 6. Make the members happy in group members and its

his presence. leader are not interested a result of the educadoubt as No Guide and direct, though not in them. in the 7. carriedtional forward program

preach. 3. Supplementing the Manual. I. years, several the past A. duringM.

the 8. Leave group with a happy asthe has church a whole come now

feeling each toward in this other All of the problems discussed is for that playto recognize our need quite as legitimate as our need for woreven if they differ in opinion. manual are upto-theminute, burningship, that both are necessary in a comIII. The manual—Problems of today problems. Our weekly and daily press

plete church program, and that we and tomorrow. as well as our magazines will be

should be quite as willing to finance 1. Content: This is a compilafreighted with articles dealing with

one as the other. In short, that the tion of significant statements these subjects. The wise teacher and

cost of both should be included in evtaken from current magazine Senior Class member will provide ery ward budget instead of sacrificing articles edited and supplethemselves with a scrap book or a series one for the sake of the other. mented by Harrison R. Merof envelopes and will begin at once

rill Elsie Brandley. articles clippings and dealpreserving The from

the throughout Bishops Church inare chapters not only topics. these ing with

instructed just the been Prehave by character in formational but at scrap Suitable be books had may to the Bishopricsiding adopt of Church soalso the fifteen the to point each, better cents or or twenty way infinance, to ofthe system budget and little lution perplexing huof a our for ones purchased more. be may cost the in of theclude budget ward

filed problems. Envelopes which away man be may that recreation so program,the ward are chapter following for the purpose. kept be The same may will charge behereafter admission no headings: the table contents over of now, Look Saint Latterday of the at doorsmade

1. Insurance. begin clipping Job then and your ownchurches. Pensions. service. 2. Annuities topics the and various come When

On page 7 of the new Supplement 3. Property, Income Sales, up for discussion you will have a fund

to the Handbook is a statement of the and Inheritance Taxes. of information ready.

plan. As the first practical and all im- 4. The Tariff. The daily papers will contain a great

portant step in promoting our Adult 5-6. Money. deal of material. The magazines

Project this season we suggest that this 7. Banking. which will be especially helpful will

plan be explained in detail in the class 8. Public Utilities. be The Improvement Era, The Readso that all members may understand it 9. The Railroads. er's Digest, because it will give a crossthoroughly. It may be well to have a 1011. Natural Resources. section of all of the articles appearing

committee from the Adult Department 12. Our Schools. in the best American magazines, The

wait upon the Bishop of the Ward and 13. Preparation for MarLiterary Digest or Time or News

assure him of your hearty support, and riage. Week, The Review of Reviews,

encourage him to carry out fully the 1415. The New Family Forum, Atlantic Monthly, Harpers,

plan as suggested. Life. The New Republic, The Nation, ScribThe great good that will result from 16. Parents and Children. ner's, and Parent's Magazine. Other

this budget plan in many ways can 17. Recreation in the 20th magazines such as Collier's, Saturday

hardly be overestimated. Century. Evening Post, The American, and

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 753

many others, will have occasional articles dealing with these subjects. b. Class members may be asked to MenGleanersreport interesting articles consuming, M

tois the Personality given. sum was three to seven minutes onlyhowever, Gleaner and To M Men Henceforth social behavior. of our discussion should time. generalof A given be will suggestions and Presidents and Men talmaterial reports. thesefollow M

and Gleaner Leaders inmaythebe hopeimproved.that withThusthem,willbehaviorpersonRecreation ality be enriched, for there is no pernpO you has been assigned the imsonality beyond behavior.

/VNE aim of the Senior Department A portant task of putting over the "That our present world is out of is to extend acquaintanceship. If joint sessions of your respective groups. joint is well understood by all of us."

this class can open the way and give its On this one night of the entire month In the lesson for November, Gleaner members opportunity to meet others of you are given the full period to conManual, page 191, we analyze the fact similar tastes; and if it impels them to duct and present the subject matter of that the world hasn't been very sinsev- Personality jointly and things theyseek good and Gleaner under the direction of class cere. of leader As a M Men

excellent leaders. desire, serve it willerally an intellectually sincere, are groups, you

purpose. assigned to apsincere, the you Does work and morally?—Intellectually

see a or can burden, truth to be you that in in This thought was in the minds of pear you anchor your beliefs inthose who planned the recreation for it a wonderful opportunity?—An opand facts; morally sincere, behaving

this year. You will notice that it gives portunity, first, of growth for yourin strict accord with beliefs.

opporself leader, an similar groups as a and second, to meetopportunity which teach that leader cannot A in the others as influencing of the stake tunity of the other wardsfrom the Read not possess. she does or dehe

well as to meet other groups within the velopment of their own personalities. lesson on sincerity thoroughly, and

ward. There are many requisites for a good well in advance of November 7th,

yourself of inventory Take it leader. that in gather all mathis end, assignments and the hope and make To

up. you measure and see if Do in perlives of its the into of sincerity the subject you terial joywill bring on

members this course is sent forth. prepare yourself well? Have you made sonality that you can find. Look well

checked on them assignments and in appearance, sincerity so to your own in class be that there will no failures achievement; in purpose, andEight Monthly Activity presentation? Do you make each and words, endeavor to make yourin otherown

itsPrograms oreveryshe oneis necessaryin your togroupthe successfeel thatof thehe personalitysincerity, rememberingoutstanding becausethat "Someof (See manual pages 4, 5 and 6 for class? Do you share equally the repeople grow under responsibility, and

complete outline.) sponsibility of the class without usurpothers just swell."

ing or shirking each other's tasks? Are

1. programs. ward Four of to the improvement looking you

di-2. (Under stake programs. Four so that personality Banquets may you your MenGleaner own M Leaders.) Senior of rection Stake preas as well teach example by by

Ball.3. Senior The and Garvanza Men Ward 'HpHE M cept?

Baseball)4. Athletics (Indoor the Hollywood of Girls * Gleaner will be leadership test of your The. proactivity period the second For something by introduced new Stake, interest your which in the and growth

of evanings three Tuesday ongram Election Ban- a conjoint of Ward way displays. class

read pageseach month at arranged was banquet quet. basis for your The have an intelligent

I. Supplement A. for the June, of the close after Mutual in to M.1 6 I.to A.1 9 Handof M. leadership,To keep month in mind

Activity Manand Communitybook officers for the new of electing joint this purpose objectives of the main month three of the especial noteual. Take year. and men the following Young are. program, which

1 7 pages and procedure on ofmethods Gleaner eligible for and desirMen of women establishment M 1st.—The18. invited, enabling them also were work friendships. able

vote for their leaders in the coming of leaderto 2nd.—The development

season.Ogden 3rd Ward ship.

beautifultables were banquet development of culture The 3rd.—The and blossoms, golden with ly adorned refinement.TN describing the work of the Senior and

* class during last season we have this The course for October treated the green candles, carrying out the gold and to say: On our open night we have ensubject of "Personality and what is green color scheme. Dainty handjoyed ourselves in a recreational way. it?"The definition of Personality painted place cards in flower form,

We first gave a party and had as our guests, the people of the Ward who were eligible for the class, but who were not at that time, enrolled. We entertained with games and served refreshments and another time we gave a program and dance with refreshments.

Through acquainting our possible members with our work, we have more than tripled our enrollment.

For our leisure time project, we have been very much interested in studying and visiting many of the mills and industrial plants of our city. This has

been most entertaining besides being highly educational. It has been a real

source of pleasure to us. We are enthusiastic in our work, there is a good

spirit prevailing and the membership increased up to the end of the year. M MenGleaner Banquet, Lehi Stake

754 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

with a silhouette of a young man and woman on the cover, the contents including a lovely friendship poem, and Gleaner Girls the program of the evening added to the decorations. of the Thebeauty

Girls. place Course of Study sake,after them;and theandsaketheseof arethosethetolessonscome by the Gleanercards were made

The new Mutual slogan, "Inspired /LEANING in the Field of Bilearned in the Gleaner Project.

set aside is the evening October Influences 24 * of Morthe Refiningby richer, fuller hat ography—w division the Project study, with the Develop themonism, we will Gifts field the for for gleaning can be found

to conof be Gospel Message"for the "The theme wasWithin Us,"around? world wide the whole To delve

specifically. sidered repreof ways chest large gold To telldecorations. A past, into the into lives of those who

senting a human being, with scrolls have lived after breath has gone and in which the Gospel Message reached such as faith, hope, patience, etc., symbodies laid to dust; to study and unour forebears is to provide an evening

bolizing the possibilities of developderstand the works and philosophies of of testimony bearing under a different name. the being, was of a humanment immortal centhose become have who

article this Era, 719, is an nutcups small by favors,terpiece. On page For blessings are through them—these chests, will give little Rachel Grant gold Taylor which intoskillfully made the field are in of biography, which

delighted each guest. where the gleaning of the coming year to the girls an idea of what material is

Bishop Hoglund was a very capable, shall lead the girls of Gleaner age. to be found for the searching, and what

amusing Master of Ceremonies. The In October one of the greatest evesatisfaction there is in knowing ofGleaner and M Men elections were held nings of the entire course is outlined those who have paved the way for us.

banquet, thefollowing of after which for study Jesus—of whom us—the enjoyeddancing by all. was descriptively written it has been that Project: "First Aid"

classes, chosen having Gleaner 1 COME October, the the subFor Banquet MenGleanerM he was. project, will alternate the by the is of be to 7thMohammed—founderof secinto the evening October of 24 be VERY gay event was far eastern religions, great the of the Annual jectone A

*- M MenGleaner banquet of Pioand teacher of thoughts and theories ond lesson. It is not to be thought

neer Stake held at the Elk's Club ballprofound and effectual in shaping that the value of this project lies in the room. Covers were laid for one hunmany lives. information contained, alone, importdred and eightythree guests. Colorful Since each sketch planned for the ant as that is. There is, over and above

balloons were arranged as rainbows year is complete in itself, it is hoped and through it all, the thought that over the tables which were decorated that one may be completed each disthrough the knowledge thus obtained, with spring flowers and lighted by cussion evening. To divide the study a life or limb might some day be saved;

brightcolored tapers. Rainbowhued of a life is to break the continuity necthat help might be rendered quickly

programs and place cards also lent atessary to an appreciation of the conwhere it is gravely needed; that Gleaner

mosphere to the affair. sistent living which marked most of girls, by virtue of their knowledge of

Our toastmaster and mistress carried the characters to be considered. First Aid, will be ready to spring to

out the program very cleverly by bringservice of fellow man when the need although that idea theing out is a silver lining fall there some Project: "I Will Gather shallprojectarise.with Goheartintoas wellthe studyas mind.of thisSeerain must

and a rainbow for everyone. Treasures of Truth"the possibilities for service in it, and

At the close of the banquet dancing never let the sight of that be lost. Even

interest increasing and value to chapterwas enjoyed. (\F 2—Anatomy,

and Circulatory developing Gleaners the who are System—canSkeleton,be Bodystudthis project is the work of love they ied subjectively. To understand the

is its functions to to be able themselves. and for To body Florence Farnsworth do for it—and

its healing it well keeping help in and love those through appreciate life and

Richards whom life has come in such rich measwounds. Florence Nightingale, and

By Lula Greene Richards ure, we need only go back into the hiscountless others, have considered that tory of their beginnings; their converan opportunity worth a lifetime of

TN a moment suddenly,"with not a sions; their sacrifices for the Gospel's devotion.

J- parting sigh, Passed from Earth to Paradise, in the twinkling of an eye."

From beside her loving husband, with no signal of release, To her father's joyous welcome in the

Spirit World of Peace.

In this day of swift transition near the close of earthly Time, Could our gracious Heavenly Father offer mercy more sublime?Daughter, sister, friend and neighbor—

brilliant, honored, trusted, prized; In the home as wife and mother—

cherished favored, Florence—Yet—O sacred, almost idolized! best! noblest, truest, earth's 'mong

How shall loved ones grasp the meaning of so rushed and keen a test?

May this thought give strength and solace unto crushed hearts who remain—

Florence, worthy, passed from earth cares with no anxious dread or pain.

And the "rapid transit"measures all around us so increase, Very soon will all be gathered in a Stake or Ward not indicated on photograph. Write the Era

home of Rest and Peace. and tell who you are I

..

The improvement Era for October, 1933 755

Class Leaders

'I *HE time allotted for class discusVanguards sions on the second, third and evenings of eachfourth month Tuesday not be encroachedshould upon by long Correlation of Vanguard- 8. Fathersponsibleof Scoutfor Leadership(Preferably).training,Reannouncements and business of the Scout Leadership with advancement, Court of Honor,

Gleaner organization. Where

or business require moreannouncements such Aaronic Priesthood 9. Fatheretc. of Scout (Preferably). Rethan five minutes, they should be atSupervision in Stakes sponsible for Camping, Activities,

first to oftended the Tuesday Other members if desired. on Committee etc. each Stake VanguardScout

is Secmonth. should be Stake Commissioner made Scout

(District) time. the for necessarywith the retary. Men ArrangementsM

Books to Read Stake Presidency Correlation of Vanguardsaid poet, the finance for Responsible DICKINSON,FAMILY A DVISERS.

** like other Scout Leadership with "There to a book is no frigate be assigned which may to bear us lands away!"and she spoke leadership when available. Aaronic Priesthood

only what others know full well. No 1 Chairman of Stake Aaronic Priestneed to stay in one town when "Bleak hood Committee. Chairman of Supervision in Wards

can bear us toHouse"VanguardScout combined England—DickCom- Ward VanguardScout Committee

itens'England, its charm and with mittee, for correlation and cooperquaintness and slowmoving action. ation. Responsible for motivaBishopric Advisers

No need to stay in the 20th Century tion of entire VanguardScout RESPONSIBLE for finance which when Churchill's "The Crisis"can Program. A may be assigned, when advisable

carry us back into the Civil War; no 2. Member of Stake Sunday School to other leadership.

need to feel chained to the west when Superintendency. Responsible for 1. Chairman of Ward Aaronic

"As the Earth Turns"can take us to religious instruction of Vanguards Priesthood Committee is chair- a New England farm to share the tranand Scouts in Sunday School. man of combined VanguardScout

quility of Jen on the farm, and par- 3. Stake Superintendent of M. I. A. Committee, for correlation and cotake of the peace of the soil, and the Responsible for National Regisoperation. Responsible for mojoy of doing simple tasks well as Jen tration of Joint VanguardScout tivation of VanguardScout enexperienced them. Troop Committees and registratire program.

For October 3 1 have the girls retion of Vanguards and Scouts. 2. Member of Ward Sunday School

Superintendency. Religious inview the books—they will put into

them the color of their own youthful Vanguards struction of Vanguards and Scouts interpretation. Be sure to know that 4. Stake Supervisor of Teachers. in Sunday School.

in the arethe books 3. President I. A. Y. M. M. of Ward obtainable—either Council of High (Member Comlibrary, or in the homes I. A.M. Regisfor National Responsible is assigned of mittee to Teachers)the girls—for it would be almost crimChairman of Stake (District) tration of Joint Troop Commitinal to deprive the Gleaners of the opVanguard Committee, responsible tee and Registration of Vanguard

portunity to share with the rest of the for Organization, Recruiting, etc. and Scout Troops.

Church the joyous activity of the read- 5. Father of Vanguard (Preferably)

ing course. Checking on the reading Responsible for Leadership TrainVanguards

is important—but only as a yardstick ing, advancement, Court of 4. Supervisor of Teachers'Quorum.to measure happiness and travel—that Honor, etc. (Representative of Bishopric) is

being borne "lands away!"6. Father of Vanguard (Preferably). Chairman of Ward Vanguard

Gleaner Sheaf Responsibleities, etc. Otherfor camping,members Activif deganizing,Committee.Recruiting,Responsibleetc. for Or-

T WILL read the Scriptures daily. At sired. Stake Vanguard Commis- 5. Father of Vanguard (Preferably).

no time in history, probably, has it sioner is Secretary. Leadership Training, Advancebeen more true than now that "man ment, Court of Honor, etc.

does not live by bread alone."The need Scouts 6. Father of Vanguard (Preferably).

for food of the spirit is overwhelming, 7. Stake Supervision of Deacons Camping, Activities, etc.

and Gleaner Girls, knowing where to (Member of High Council ComOther members if desired. To be

turn for this food, will find it in rich mittee assigned to Deacons) is appointed by the Bishopric.

abundance through the binding of the Chairman of Stake (District) Ward Vanguard Leader is Secresheaf for the year which leads them to Scout Committee. Responsible tary.

the daily reading of Scriptures. for organization, recruiting, etc. Scouts

7. Supervisor of Deacons'Quorum.*

(Representative of Bishopric is

Chairman of Ward Scout Troop Committee. Responsible for Organization. Recruiting, etc.

8. Father of Scout (Preferably).

Leadership Training, Advancement, Court of Honor, etc.

9. Father of Scout (Preferably).

Camping, Activities, etc. Other

members if desired. To be appointed by the Bishopric. Ward

Scoutmaster is secretary.

*If more than one Deacons'Quorum, all supervisors become members of the committee with the Senior SuperGleaner Girls—the Netherlands Mission visor as Chairman.

756 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

this the > Junioras a souvenirin the fromcenter.our Weclass.leaveInJunior Girls ground is black with a white "J"for

black background, we have woven in

A NEW season in M. I. A. is a President Grant found in the Frebruary many undesirable habits. In the white

happy one for the Junior class, benumber of The Improvement Era, 'All "J"we have brought out qualities cause of the thousands of girls who the teaching in the world, unless the which will enable us to improve our come into their ranks from the Beeindividual is living that which he personalities and characters.

Hive; and a sad one because of the teaches, will not carry the spirit of Seventeen members of our class have

number who go from the Junior into right action."We are endeavoring to had their patriarchal blessings. We

the Gleaner Department. It would let the lessons in our "Believing and consider the chapter, "My Privileges

never do to hold them back, but so Doing"Manual react in our daily Under the Covenant,"one of the most dear have they become, so lovable, and lives. important in our Lest I Forget Books,

colorful and almost necessary to the During the past year we have sponbecause of the comfort and guidance happiness of Junior leaders that it will sored various activities which have we can obtain from our patriarchal inevitably bring heartache to let them added interest to the class. blessings.

A basket ball team which we organOne pleasant afternoon in January

Welcome into the Junior Class the ized within our class afforded lively we met at a lady's home and made newage—thatgirls, justenchantedturningtimefifteenwhenyearstheyof activitygirl basketand competitionball team fromwith a anotherJunior maker,chocolates.and weShe allis feltan ourexperttimecandyhad are neither girls nor women—someward. After several weeks'practice been invested to good advantage. thing of each—and delightful because we met together for a final game. We Many homes have been visited in an of their girlish maturity and their charged 5 c admission to the game. The effort to secure baptismal names. We

womanly innocence. They know proceeds were used for our Junior have done work for 501 names.

many things, these girls, and their Stake party. These and other activities have

opinions should be respected. They Each Tuesday night different mempromoted a feeling of unity among the

have much yet to learn, and their ignobers of our class have taken their turns members of our class and we are enrance must be guarded—let them not weaving a wall hanging. The backjoying Junior work immensely.

guess that a leader considered them as children. Life is opening up before

them with light and color and imagination they vaguely glimpsed but have before. to the light BeeHive Girls >- Help them make

clear; the color white pure and BeeKeepers better BeeHive work? and Calendar fine; the clean sweet. imagination and feel that their position of leadshould

leaders, Junior opportunities your As is privilege, ership of one honor and Nymphs: let are beautiful. not and many Do effort diligently forth every put and Dec. tasks the teaching; of preparation and plans—The 5—Christmas careful for getting preparation, new gifts card. of and making rise of beworking, and planning up ideas, plans. methods, Our new new Dec. program fore to eyes the greater shut out your 12—Christmas of chain can be BeeHive no Swarms

stories songs. and values the beyond. always Remember its link. stronger than weakest

1 a delivery Dec. of eyes, in his pennies had andman who 9—Christmas in her Angela oftquoted Morgan, elderly for basket people followed by to the fortune they blinded of gold him

it is it says that her of poem "Work"pull. a candy jewels before precious him. and Adblessing; her joy not and and doom, given party Dec. by just values will your and you own 26—Christmas said thing the every be of might same girls. the first step the taken helphave toward

her to opportunity BeeKeeper's help theirs. girls ing the adjust

girls their get the complete and work Builders:

it. benefit quesold out of The XII. Open night, most 5—Guide I tion, to paraphrased read "Am my mother."with Sunshine and Rain "AnDec.evening

sister's be should answered Keeper?"

affirmative vigorous 12—Guide XIII. Common with and a proud By Ruth Cornick, A Gleaner accidents.Dec.

is leader is every with honored by sun shining who bright sky"TTTHEN and 1 Dec. Triangular XIV. 9—Guide '* is the for "Keeper."eyes have blue, name To Bandage.

bluebirds start to their sing girls sweettheWhen theirs are their to dim when party. Dec.

est lay, 26—Christmas ears privileges; their to to have hear Evening Mother"With ("An lift fragrant flowers faces their gay,When needs; correct to help hands unspoken as the given party be Christmas might'Tis feel then that through and happy we skill; their direct to will lack of them in the spent 5 Dec. evening of and through.

fields in activity joyous of paths and is us, luck with friends giftWhen Christmas making.) and our

are true, these are the blessings of the BeeAnd from us all our troubles drift away, Gatherers: Keeper.

It's easy to be gay, happy be and Dec. XII. night Open 5—Guide share joy with too. our others Changes in BeeHiveAnd many Gift Making.

in the clouds the sky begin to form,When XIII. Dec. Love of Terminology is luck friends 12—Guide gone and against usWhen

Truth. go, XIV.'Tis then Dec. 19—Guide we feel we cannot stand the Word of; AI *HEwill beProbationarytermed, "TrialRequirementsFlights."9.) Wisdom. storm, (F. C. No.

will Call be changed The Womanho everyone to appears a beAnd foe. Dec. 26—Christmas party. to, Call."BeeHive Keep- "The "The all isIt's easy to be glad bright, when

But real men smile when trouble's at its er's Ring"to, "Honor Ring."

for BeeKeepers height. Thoughts Girls will earning the Honor Ring

Board 'I *HE General called. has conducted be Bees."(All Bee- "Honor

Report from Junior Girls BeeHive Institutes in most of the Hive girls who have finished both

Stakes in the Church during the past ranks and earned seven BeeLines and 7"E girls the thirty active Junior"\X year. their effect? lasting will be seven &re Merit How Badges to be known

from the suggestions Mill Creek v \ information Are and as Ward have Bees entitled and are Honor to buy adopted as our slogan the words of given there being used in promoting and wear the Honor Ring.)

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 757

tests each General Board, prepared (two be starred wee program by the"The Honey Comb"take pin. a special the girls and wear for which Beemonth) may buy may

HPHE Honey Comb"replaces the Keepers having already served two years credit when they enter Mutual and "Scrap Book."It has been preor more may take credit for two years'become BeeHive girls.

of must, BeeKeepers New strict record will be kept thepared General Board by and is now service. Two—a years. three For two course, serve counselor the Primary by Mikan-wee for 25c.ready your

service, the at end or additional use—price years girl these paths of each completes which this Girls use All BeeHive book may

as a five guard years, another pin of cells to will the in Beethe correspond similar one.or recom- a make We first will to the pin be attached to be credit. she receive for Hive which may that Stake BeeKeepers andmend Ward the General Board. awarded by presentation the of a guide. secure as a to use be copy Three—upon It underbeen always has Note: test to the will record a be BeeKeeperPrinted instructions will accompany credit take that BeeKeepers stood may given, of satisfactory completion uponeach book."of years filling cell for past the in two girl will receive proper each which recis a to be "The Honey Comb"is to permitted experience. their This credit award. and filling cell girl's the oford BeeHive their of at ahead once place them

cell filledactivity. is be called should to the Each be plan Four—this reswarm.

corded in some form within the book. Mikan-wee and BeeHive trial plan

Beginning now will avoid being and will begin functioning at the comcrowded for time later. Cooperative Trial Plan of mencement of the fall season—Sept.,

Mikan-wee and BeeHive 1933.

of the note BeeKeepers will makeBeeKeepers'Awards given for will be that no credit A COOPERATIVE plan for the 1 fact "DEEKEEPERS who remain in serv- "year old girls who remain in Priwork done in Primary until the fall of ice for three years having completmary until they are 14, has been work1934 when the 13 -yearold girls who ed the two ranks, earned seven Beeed out as follows: remain in Primary this fall will start to

year.Lines and seven Merit Badges and taken One—that paths in the Mikan- Mutual next

-OCGjIgjJ'O* 4iThe Flying Attorney Continuedpage from709

A S all of the Army Flying have found my work. I am happy going into active service, that when

Schools were then filled, the and as happiness is intelligent satisit was planned that all planes on only thing I could do was return faction, I am sure that my flying the training field should fly in forto Salt Lake and wait until my experience arouses greater emotions mation over Los Angeles to celename was reached on the waiting than those which are usually termbrate the Armistice, every pilot at list. After two months'waiting I ed a thrill."the field refused to go aloft."

was sent to Camp Lewis, Washing- "Were you ever timid or "But would it not have been a ton, and three weeks later was afraid?"fine experience to have been percalled to the Flying School at the "If one is afraid one should quit. mitted to fly over that interesting

University of California at BerkWhen I was about to take my first city?"

eley. After graduating from solo flight I witnessed a terrible air "It was. On one occasion we

Berkeley as a Flying Cadet I went tragedy. Two planes came toformed a squadron of one hundred

to Dallas, Texas, then to San gether as they were going to land. and four planes and flew from

Diego, California, where actual The one higher up did not see the Riverside to Los Angeles with flying training commenced. It is lower one and the propeller of the groups of ten planes as close as

hard to describe the anticipation under ship caught the elevator of safety would permit, making an that fills one's soul at the thought the higher one. Without its eleexhibition of skill that has gone

of leaving the ground in his first vator the plane went out of control, down in air history."

solo flight."made a nose dive into the earth, "Did you ever think you would

"How long do thrills last when where both the instructor and sturemain in the service of the governone flies a plane?"I asked him. dent were killed. But it did not ment as an air pilot?"I asked.

'Thrills cease when one is no make me hesitate to fly alone, just "Yes, I had charge of the R. M.

longer afraid; when one becomes a few minutes later. It was the A. field at Riverside, California,

master of the situation, and until moment of an ambition fulfilled, when the Armistice was signed, and the unusual and dangerous element the climax to weeks of concentrawas enjoying my work so intensely enters the flight, thrills do not retion, training and work. Nothing that I signed up for a commission

turn."mattered to me right then, but the in the regular army. But a trip

"But do you not respond to a realization of a great dream come home for Thanksgiving, my first great thrill when you realize that true."since joining the service, convinced

you have conquered the air, so to "Where did you give service durme that I desired to return to Salt speak, and have achieved so much ing the war?"I asked. Lake City and home, the finest

that is unusual and glorious?"I "I was flying instructor at Riverplace in the world to me, so I requeried. side, California, during the war, signed my commission and re-

"If keen satisfaction in being anticipating a call to go oversees turned, again entering the County capable of saying 'Where will I to the front. And you will never Attorney's office in Salt Lake

take this airplane today'instead of understand the peculiar feeling that County which I had resigned to having to say 'I wonder where this came to us when the Armistice was enter the service.

airplane is going to take me now,'signed. We were glad the war was "In 1922 the Government esis what you call a thrill, I am over, but so disappointed that we tablished in Salt Lake the 329th

thrilled all the time. I believe I had not had the opportunity of Observation Squadron and assigned

758 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

planes for use of reserve pilots in were tablets containing a stimulant pilots for the United States DeUtah, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming that might be taken by them, but partment of Commerce, has stated and Nevada. They furnished that he had never been obliged to to me that the use of tobacco and

planes and gas and personnel to take use them. He expressed himself as alcohol directly affects the organs

care of them, all officers were rebeing grateful for his knowledge of the body that should be kept quired to fly four hours a month, of the Word of Wisdom and he perfect for flying and that a pilot performing army tactics but withfeels sure that much of his success who uses them will undoubtedly out compensation."in flying is due to the fact that he fail his physical examination earlier

"And have you never been ill uses no tea, coffee, liquor or toin life than the total abstainer."

during your flying experience?"bacco. Upon being asked if anything

"When I took up flying I suf- "Every thirty days we are exridiculous had ever happened to fered intensely with stomach amined by the Flight Surgeon and him, he smiled and answered, "I trouble. But since I have been out are compelled to pass a complete was forced to land my plane just

of doors so much have never had a flight test physically every six outside of Melrose, Idaho, because air mailsick day."months. Dr. Mazel Skolfield, of intense fog. When the

jLJE told me all pilots were Captain of the Medical Reserve pilot covers the ten toughest miles drowsy at times and there Corps, and the Utah Examiner of of his five hundred mile route on horseback, that's a story. But the

mail must go through. A farmer

seeing the plane set down rode up

I struck a bargain later, minutes INDEX TO ADVERTISERS onwithhorseback.him and five

in flying garbed heavy togs my Company Page still

I goggles, and rode the boroff on

American Smelting & Refining 765 rowed horse, bound for the railroad

Beneficial Life Insurance Back Cover Co

University 767 at Melrose. I got there just in time Brigham Young

Bureau of Information 758 to get the air mail pouches on the

Continental Oil Co. 763 south bound train to Salt Lake.

Cunard Steamship Co 759 On my ride through the town two

Deseret 762 Co. Book giggling laaies the time young had

Press Deseret 766 News of their lives as they watched me Ghirardelli Co. 759 8

Grant, Heber J. &? Co 767 pass, saying loudly enough for me

Hotel Temple Square 767 to hear, 'O! Look it's the airplane

International Tel. Co Tel. 8 761 feller. You can shoot ducks under

College L. 763 D. S. Business

Quish School of Beauty Culture 766 him.'

Salt Lake Knitting Store 763 "And then after the train had

Inc Standard Brands, 765 pulled out of the station, moving

Co. Sugar Utah Beet 765

Utah Gas 8 Coke Co 760 slowly and leading the horse, I

Utah Oil Refining Co. Inside Front Cover walked back to the plane guarded

Utah Power Light Co 764 by the farmer from whom I had borrowed the steed. Two hours

later I reached the plane, weary in t—*! """"- ""'"""""- ""'t ti rr 't ii ii ii ii in ii i h.l more places than my feet. I think

right then I swore off horseback

I rides, mail or no mail."! ATTENTION!IN KEEPING WITH THE TIMESBISHOPS!!WE OFFER Because I had heard that his wife

flies and enjoys it I asked, "What

INDIVIDUAL SACRAMENT I do you think of women as air pilots?"Tray with 36 Glasses I "It is good for them,"he averFormerly $18.50 red. "My wife learned to fly so

Now that she would not worry about flying has enjoyed me, and and $16.00

It the training. under has Extra Glasses, Per relaxing

given her power and satisfaction."

Doz., $1.25

BREAD TRAYS Reduced from A/TR. ELSMORE has acted as

I, $9.50 to $7.50 pilot for many passengers.

times have wondered many who of Very Best Lead Glass in Each 36 Tumblers Made

I react unusual should to an Tray how BY PATRONS. FURNISHED REFERENCES RECOMMENDED

Made especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used in Utah and experience in the air, was eager to

region, States, also in all in Intermountain Missions Europe, the United and Pacific know how his passengers behaved Islands. heavily Silver. metal, Silver, plated Basic Nickel with Solid

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE under the pressure of danger. He

Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered replied with a story.

Temple Block BUREAU OF INFORMATIONSalt Lake City ous"Myexperiencemost unusualhappenedandindanger1928 just before Christmas. I was flying J

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 759

from Pocatello to Salt Lake with belts, but if we went over for him eight feet to the ground I discovered three passengers, man, wife and to slide the baby into the soft up- I had been mistaken and that I had a four year old baby. All went holstery in the top of the passenger stopped on top of the fog instead

well until I reached a wall of fog cabin. The momentum of the of the white runway. The crash

covering a valley some distance plane caused the wheels to dig deep spread my landing gear but did no north of Malad City, Idaho. I into the crusty surface of snow and

flew from one side of the valley to true to my expectations the plane the other trying to get around the turned completely over and we heads, to, our standing on I came next valley, but or into thefog us. Europe? seats above hanging up with the I dein completely.was hemmed

cided to return to Pocatello and "My first, intelligent thought Whether on a Mission wait until the fog lifted, but upon came when I heard the child's voice... go thetrying to return discovered that the saying, 'Mother, where are the orfor pleasure

fog had closed in behind me and we seats?'

were enveloped in that inpenetrable "A farmer having heard us cirtvay fmist. If you have never been above cling in the fog and feeling that CUMRD

a fog with heaven as your only we would need help had driven One ofthe great ships ofthe Cunard refuge, you will never know the over to the field in his bobsleigh and Anchor fleets is bound to fit helplessness I felt at this particular and had waited one hour for me your plans... in time of sailing

time. I did not even have the to land. We were none of us hurt... in speed and unexcelled comheaven above, as the fog was pressphysically, only a little bruised and fort... in price. Frequent and

ing down and in from all sides. shaken. He drove us twentyfive regular service to British and

of beauty and a car took mystery the and then miles came andAnd York, ports from French New intoxicate to It seemed fog!that us to Malad. Montreal. Convenient and Boston

its bidding. to one do compeland

all the to of parts connections later the plane was days HPEN there about were thatI did know rates round and world. Through flight for ready righted and crusted feet snow of heavilythree

on the ground below me and that again, the wheels were replaced by trip rates (good for two years) quoted on application. Salt Lake. into and flown in skiis if land it did plane, evenmy

a plane of on skiis, "Speaking tip over field, would haysome when its wheels should break I remember one night when comRound trips to England as low as through the frozen snow. ing into Salt Lake with a plane $131.50 Third Class. N.Y. to N.Y.

equipped with skiis I had a most "But I also knew that through unusual experience. There was a Apply to Your Local Agent or

all that mist and uncertainty there heavy fog, close to the ground. I

Francisco, CaLwas a God in Heaven, a Father glided my plane inside of boundary Cunard Building San watching over all and that He could lights. I thought I saw the snowhear my silent prayer even through covered runway and stopped my

all the fog and mystery. I did not plane, but when it dropped about

pray for my plane, nor for myself alone, but for those three passengers and I never prayed more earnestly in my life. I could go up andup in an attempt to get higher than This Chocolate is

the clouds, but for how long? Howmuch gasoline would I need to Balanced for Health and Flavor!

carry us out of that fog? I could

go down being sure of reaching Ghirardellfs Ground Chocolate is richer ground quickly, but with what rethan cocoa... but not as rich as"bar"chocsults? I prayed for divine assistolate. That's why teachers and mothers of

ance in making my decision. I the West prefer it for children and for theirknow my prayers were answered

when I decided to stay underneath own tables. It's balanced lot nutrition values

the fog rather than climb up... and for the full, fine flavor that nothing

through, and learned later that the but chocolate can supply.

encountry was entire surrounding

FREE....Write that I in fog, so would veloped "Sweet Sixteen"for

have crashed when my gasoline was RecipeD.GhirardelliCo.,Packet No. 2,

exhausted. Having decided, I cirSan914 NorthFrancisco,PointCalif.St.,

cled for one hour and twenty minutes with the fog lowering and driving me closer and closer to the ground until I could not see to stay up longer. Down I went, could GHIRARDElirS

finally see that snowy field coming CHOCOLATE up to meet us. I had called the

Say "Gearar-delly"man to me, told him we were all m right, and for them to fasten their 328.

760 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

other damage. Since that time I course sound and may be lost in the

have been very careful when a fog fog or darkness. A voice can come

MORE TIME TO nestled close to the ground. to me from the flying field in Salt

"While the weather report is a Lake, when I am coming in, and

for ourlow because of fog and smoke. It Enjoy flyer'sthe privilegelighthouseof decidingwe always have cannot see even a beacon light beselves when we will attempt to fly warns me and tells me how to land

It the that convinces me Invoice Divine of the LIFE duringis an unseenuncertainpowerweather.upon whichThereI safely.still small

depend in times of uncertainty and fluence can warn me of the dangers when you install peril. of life and that my humble pray-

"My greatest thrill comes when ers, uttered or unexpressed, can be

I am way up above things, close to heard and answered by that God, the Maker—really within the the Father of all."

Heavens. There are many things And so Captain Ray Elsmore

in flying that remind one of our carries on day after day as he rides religion. My happiest moments in through the clouds under a western

flying are when I am way up there sky in his great white plane. Serene

alone, alone (with God) looking despite faith that his of account on Qak passing the panorama down upon the his hurthe roar of and motor green valleys, ricane of the propeller, his voice beneath me—cities,

blue lakes, dark forests, windswept can be heard by the AllFather, HEATING prairies, and yet in all of this, one he wings his courageous way from

EQUIPMENT ofis filledit, andwitha lovethe wonderfor the andCreatorpowerof city to city.

everything. Farmers and farmer's wives from

How many minutes a day be- "Now that the radio is being their lonely farm homes in the valtween October 1st and May 1st used in planes it is really a guide ley below may glance up at the do you spend in furnace drudgpost and again one is reminded of friendly hum of a motor to see a ery? If it's only 30 minutes it our religion. The radio course is manmade bird zooming along, but

means you are stoking and liftnarrow and straight and if we they have no way of knowing that ing and carrying and trudging wander too far to one side or anin it may be Ray Elsmore, the up and down stairs for 8 hours other we cannot hear the on Flying Attorney."

a day for 12 days!

And so, a Natural Gas heating Continued from unit in your home is just like [Nocturne page 711 having a twoweek vacation in pen faltered; a chord was skipped for the uneven drip from the pavilwinter! the beauty of it is The eaves the spongy earth upon—a missed—but he must ion little. it costs very that write cups. the tulip and measureon—

As the last notes of the tune Brooding on the mystery that echoed away LeVal glanced up, had come to him LeVal slowly resat hoping for a repetition of the music, turned to his apartments—and

that he might bridge the missed again before the mastersheet; finmeasures. ally took a new pen from the stand.

He wanted to rush into the Through the remainder of the night, into the dripping garden and night he worked, constructing a visitor out this nocturnal hunt base for his melody; until—over the it be of whether to demand hills the miniature was the morning t demons—or the angels; for what unfurling a banner of dusky

manner of mortal could play so maroon and gold.

Under the terms of our liberal gayly through that depressing After a leisured stroll of inspecoffer you can rent or buy a downpour; could, first, have mestion about the gardengrounds,

modern remotecontrol Natural merized the very music from Jean whose rainwashed orderliness left

LeVal's creative soul? him no clue, LeVal reentered the Gas heating unit—installed in Yet, he waited—and there!—it studio and reclining on a chaise your furnace—for as little as $1.50 a month for the season. came again—slower this time, as longue he slept from a sheer nerStart paying only when you start though the violinist wished to provous exhaustion.

using it. But we urge you to long the joy of his playing. Evening was reaching long,

have it installed now. Come in violet fingers over the garden wall

for details. J.HE pen scratched dul-—into the studio when LeVal

it was a awoke. In annoyance he looked ly—delayed him—and UTAH GAS & COKE CO. little time after the violin had to his wristwatch, then arising

a table—called OGDEN GAS CO. stoppedthe gardenbeforetowardsLeVal thehurriedpagoda.into stoodfamiliarat number.the phone

WASATCH GAS CO. The rain ceased suddenly as it had She answered—a voice from the come and in the garden and in the skies—heaven.

street beyond all was silence, save LeVal implored.

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 761

"You will come to the studio chere—Itonight, Fleur?need you—urgently."It is important, A heartbreaking pause—then

her reply, altogether too sober, but promising. "I know you wouldn't call, Jean, unless it was—necessary

after last night. Yes, I'll see you

—athis momentevening. orIttwo."can't be for long

call for you, then?""Bien—I'll

"No, Jean. There's an appointment. I'll stop in at the studio on

my way. Near eight?"

"That will be excellent, Fleur metci. Au revoir."

Relaxed—handsome* * voir. in summer

serge and white, LeVal stood within his studio room playing softly arrival ofthe Strad—awaiting the

Fleur. It was early yet. He

her there plan to be withwould STANDARD OILat at the gardengate the appointed time. brings Postal Telegraph

to your steering wheel—theShe camevery—mysticallyearly to the rendezvousalluring

spirit of the spring night entering his room while Jean still played Standard Oil Companies the nocturne. She paused and their WHEN made a special arrangement with Postaleyes violin. met over the

Telegraph whereby telegrams could be Then—a dainty symphony in sent direct from their Service Stations,silken black—she moved toward

the piano, leaving her chic black they added to an already imposing list of toque on the chaise longue as she conveniences a service which literally passed. brought the entire world to your steering

wheel. appreciation I]IN she Without so much as leaving your car,studied the music upon the pianoforte while Jean ended the aria and while the attendant is taking care of thrilled with her touch on the keys your gasoline and oil needs, you—the busy,

is Postal Telegraph onlyas she joined in the repetition of modern woman of today—can wire ahead the American

telegraph after, company violin; lookingLeVal's and arrival to of your the your time... offers that a worldshe whispered. to him,up service wide ofcooroffice of to attend or or any... home

dinated telegraph, is masterpiece, "It the Jean."for telegraphing cable needs radio which the and many the Jean LeVal, withholding ions com municat

life. the in ask everyday crop Just up a under single man- a love, said great of only:emotion agement. Postal for of the Telegraph pad attendant masterpiece! believe Yes, "My

write your messages—that's Fleur—my

Tostal Telegraph 'is an unimaginable will attendant. the do the rest—noall—itme, very soul,thing—and yet blanks,..

it first to the conceive not onewas delay. Services Supplementary bother—no fuss—no

it."or Air Express play Pickup Delivery and Telegraph. Postal of Avail yourself Air Travel Reservations Use

Pickup Bus Express Delivery and perplexed Her was frown

Travel Bus Reservations services, a list supplementary the of which Circular Distribution Sample and a quickly shevery Errands Delivery ond Package smile—thenlittle Gift Service and Purchase is are here. designed to aid They shown ripple laughter of Reports Marinelaughed—a Service Money Order travel, in Personal shopping, her Bureau every said: womanthat was

Theotre ServiceTicket Service music—andlow

Commercial Reports News needs. social domestic and a so beauhave dreamed "You

Direct Telegrams from the Highwaystiful have awakened Esso and Oil Standard viaStations Gas dream—and

to find it reality. That is it, Jean?"

He could only answer: THE INTERNATIONAL SYSTEM

"Will you walk with me in the garden, Fleur? I've really a ratherastonishing story to tell you."Tostal Tehgrapb

They were seated, moonman- Commercial All America "Mackfiy tled in the pagoda, when LeVal Cables Cables Radio ended the strange tale. Both were

.

762 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

silent for many minutes until Fleur identical music is in the score of she gazed to a lower terrace, then spoke quietly. another's earlier work. I have done relaxed in her chair.

so, many times. "He is there—the old violinist, "Tell me, though, Jean—couldyou not merely have imagined the "If another had loved this garJean—at the end table by theplaying in the sound of the rain den—had been inspired by its palms. He names himself, 'Pete

beauties and by the divinity of Violon,'and has played here onceand the wind—and all?""No, chere. The violin voice a woman like yourself, Fleur—supeach night for a month past. There

is standing and bowing now.was actual; as the notes that are posing that were so? Ah, could—he

marked on the mastersheet; actual he not have conceived the ideal, the Is he not magnificent?"

as violin music can be."very spirit of the garden and the Jean stared admiringly and murHe paused, then resumed: night and the love he knew—even mured.

he not have been en- I—could "Our music mystery "Our 'Maestro'—to not be as may

the dowed with same music as is superb. A grand oldthemanlife!fromHe as it firstso unfathomable appeared

tell of a page of the past.though. Often a composer will mine, the very melody—to

that "I imagined oddly he wasuse a melody originaof his own hesitant arose, he when it is so. We a littletion, his "Surely—surely,ecstasy! only to discover later that the must find groping—as that "other one'—the Fleur—somehow."

violinist."phantom though—

LeVal was suddenly aware of Fleur interrupted.

Fleur's hand laid tensely upon his, "Yes, Jean—he—is—blind."

cautioning him to silence. She was Shocked, LeVal could voice no

staring breathlessly at the lightthe venerable one now word—and Now is the Time andshadow garden marked strings. touched wall. had to the bow

to START! She 'Thewhispered:shadow—the figure——SaintSaens—Ravel.Three times he played. AgainMozarthe there—on—the—wall! Do you was bowing. LeVal spoke hursee it, Jean! Like a handsome, riedly to the enraptured Fleur who longhaired old man—it is an old glanced his way expectantly. man, Jean!—with a violin and "We must speak with him

raised to ready play. Like have the him at studio—tonight,

of like one if possible. the old I masters!"sure it was he am Get Your bow

LeVal's hand closed slowly over who played at the garden last

Reading breaththat of atFleur'sthe imageand heportrayedcaught hisso night!"* *

entirely lifelike there on the moonthe stu- L ATER—in Course struck wall. dio of Jean there sat old LeVal an

gasped.H.E with a sort musician, named himself, who had

relief of mirthful when the shadow listening "Pere Violon,"to the danced as awrily a cruising wind Books sweet blend violin of pianoand realligned the leafy branches of forte in finer music played never in the maples overhead.

its later years of triumph, than by Fleur laughed, then was seriousFleur LeVal and Farrar night. that eyed as she said:

it, the Overcome with nobleness of is "It just LeVal possible—Jean Pere Now! siViolon could only weep

intuition of an mine may—that as lently the song ended. was to prove true. be very Entire The Set oldThat laid his violin LeVal and bow manviolin has shadow brought $11.00 For Postpaid the pianotop on quietly conand a I tell thought that me daren't fronted the aged voice man. His to even you If Cash Accompanies until—until—confidently was bold.

you'll come The Order is the music "Mon of Pere—it absurd with"Jean!—promiseme on the most adthe nocturne last played that you

quesin In it stormed 55c Utah Add world—no my garden—as tions, your heart and it not?"venturedear—crossin the—isnight Sales State For Tax hope—."old raised his The head as man

Solemnly LeVal argreed and if to speak, then nodded slowly and

Fleur,him—firstcatchingto thehisstudio.hand, fled with waited"It willfor LeValbecometodeservedlyproceed. famous. You shall be very wealthy

from it. I was able to take it down

in manuscript and with your perAt the Cafe Terrace—a delightDeseret Book some place bowered by the night's mission will place it with the pubCompany starfloweredwere seated at skies,one ofFleurthe greentop-and Jean lishersThetomorrow."whitehaired musician

ped tables. slowly answered.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Fleur's gloved fingers were ner- 'Yes, it is so. Yet, you have

vously pressed on LeVal's arm as given it tonight a nobler touch,.

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 763

a finer expression than I have ever been able to. As though it were

the depths ofyour own—from."

your own heart—NEXT MONDAY. reserve that had marked the The in Business Training New Classes

old gentleman's demeanor suddenly to for of the Begin prepare opportunities one Monday paternalismgave to a warm way the return prosperity the of sound are and NRA voice mellowand his in took on a whichcreating world. the business

richer tone. Individual instruction enables you to begin your

the enjoy course at any time. Your progress depends entirely upon we not "Come—may

is a yourself.garden There while we talk?

history of its beloved ground that to startActionthe is trainingthe spiritwhichof Americawill increasetoday. yourDecideearningnow

I am now resolved to tell you."power.

The three were seated in the little Graduates are assisted in securing positions. Emsummer-house when the old musiployment calls are steadily increasing.

cian, still holding his bow and Courses offered include Secretarial, Business Adminviolin, commenced his story. istration,WriteBookkeeping,or call for freeand Accounting.printed literature explaining

"The little garden here,"began opportunities ahead, courses of study, tuition rates and the good Father, "was once my time required.

own; my tiny studio stood there,opening into the garden even as L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

your own apartment now does; (A Department of the L. D. S. College)the maples were young—80 No. Main St.

I have been awayjoy—and"All of 'hers.'these were mine to enfor many, many years—would

have been content to remain forever there near the little country churchfrail, white years Iyard—butgravein thewhere she now reposes

am obliged to replenish the funds that have dwindled despite the frugal years.

"I have ventured, this late, upon the career that was to have been mine the long years ago.

"Last night, while my cab waited at the corner, I chanced a visit to this garden, for the lure of it was very great; bade me—made

me "Ah!—butcome! that night so long

gone! I was inconsolable then.

How could even God deny us the

privilege of the deny me—howright of that perfect night together TEMPLE BRAND that masterpiece the herplaying to

our springtime hours in the garden had inspired? "Many times since in my bitterGARMENTSmanufactured for the

since superior long quality Of I have and workmanshipquestion—andness I have asked of myself that SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE And sold at prices defying competition. from us When ordering content. and amhad my answer remember Pay Postage We

this, "Know LADIES FOR FOR MEN enfants—God

No.is of the giver mesall—and Silk His the No.719 Ribbed Light and Wool 2.50 660 Med. Weight Weight $1.10

divine right to recall. What men 792 Fine Quality Cotton 1.25 6111 Heavy Weight 40% Wool 2.95

3.50 Heavy Weight Wool 50% 736 Light Cotton Weight as carryperceive 1.10 Light Ribbed 75 643610 Wt tragedy—doth 714 Med. Cotton Weight 1.25 Quality 614 1.25 Ex. Med. Wt. decree.forth wise His 760 Med. Silk Weight 2.50 and Wool 1.50 Cotton.. 663 Unbleached Heavy Med.

1.25 NonRun Rayon 1.25 664 Cotton Heavy Med. Wt. right to question "Is why 762 it my 735 Light Ribbed Cotton Weight 89 Cotton 635 Light Weight Ribbed

out of a sudden gray sky a light716 Fine Quality NonRun Rayon 1.35 601 Med. Weight New Style Only 1.25.89

for 10c Silk, 15c Request, Cotton; Upon finger shouldning

Sizes over for 46 Extra Charge 20% death, toher if for Style or also state if long Old or and Woman, Man in my arms—andhave strickenme Do not fail to Garmentsspecify NewMarked

accurate Give or wanted. legs are long Bust Measurement, blindness?to Ah,

Request. Sent Samples Weight. Height Upon and

angels.needed with the no. SheI—havewas or short sleeve, shortbeen allowed the perpetual fair picSALT LAKE KNITTING STORE

ture of that spring night in my 42 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH

mind."764 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

as of old. is here caressed fingers garden though old man's The [Extracts from viohis glossy, of velvetthe wood ones dear "Go there—my lisp. alin. to breeze calmed The fountain; your stand by Letters Journals and clas- a wall the garden uponThere eyes to you about arm theher—herbrightsic with Master Old I will Winter so; a just play again while shadow—an of Oscar

bow and violin ready to play tune."Continued from

took magic form. Fleur Farrar page 740

siltween the Missouri River and Salt Lakeand Jean thrilled as they saw. Obeying—they stood by the

It is east miles of twentyfive about ver posCity. golden and ruffled breeze the white The fountain—his the Casper Chicago and Northwestern on sessive her preciously holding arm raishairlocks as the Father of his It place Railway. of all the camping wased his head and said: close—as she looked to him emigrants for twentytwo years. In 185 6,

lashes that carried tearmisted the through mail the X. Y. from when the highrustling the "I hear wind

it staRiver an important became kiss Missouri as his glorified her eyes; andin that they the maples and know 7 until flourished tion. place 185 The

have become great trees. Your fine crushed tenderly upon her tremwhen Johnston's army came and all temsettlements were up. broken There porary bling the exotic, heard one.studio old has replaced my lips—they place the a flourishing at town is now beautiful of the immortally seasong the with are newThe flowers Converse County, Rock, Glen named

son. The same sweet spirit of the night. Wyoming.

Punken PiesContinuedpage from718

Modernize tins jingling pleasantly, catching with him to decide was to act, SO'the little sunbeams that shot down at each house where he called he pies, Peter taking told of the wonderful while the branches, through call his in fashion. orders to his quaint absently and forgot Your Home With whistled

his wares. "You jist put your name down

jft 5JS 5JC Sfc $ there—that shows you mean what

I'll to guarantee you say—and ELECTRIC IT was a week before bring a pie that'll your hair make

he returned. The little shop had curl, big as that, yaller as gold, and

been closed for the night, but a all fur fifty cents!"SERVANTS cheerful light shone from the back Well, the result of a long talk

window. was that the widow would undercertainly look comdo "You all get orders take to he could make

Peter, here,"said in The Modern trend is fortable. deliver after for; Peter them and would

tjo let ELECTRICITY he had shaken hands and asked on his rounds, taking his pay "all perform home tasks of after Ted. "Yes, I'll sit down, fur of the blessed pie he could eat."

all kinds. If you are I've got lots to tell you. Read that "'Fraid you don't know what

still using oldfashioned now!"and with a flourish he unyou're binden yourself to, Mis'

methods—all tiresome rolledwith writing.a long strip of paper covered Bess.Munn,""Likesaid ashe,notas it'llhe unhitchedend up in

timeconsuming, and un- "But what does it mean, Peter?"bein'called 'Peter, Punken Eater',"

necessary—decide now, cried the bewildered woman, starhe chuckled. "Good night."

while prices are low to ing down the long list of two In a small town news travels switch to All Electric. items, while Peter chuckled. fast.

Down one side was written, in Everyone soon heard of the a straggling hand: 1 punken pie, widow's new business, and for a

A phone call will bring 4 punken pies, a punken pie, 2 time Ted had quite a rush of cusour representative with punken pies."Opposite to these tomers.

complete information was a list of names, with the figIt had been explained to him at regarding our easy pururesI've42 beenat thedrummin'bottom. up trade fur thelast hundredabout thedollars,doctor'sandwordsthe dearand

chase plan and the econyou, and that's the result,"placidly boy's white, excited face and eager omy of our stepdown folding one long leg over the other. words of explanation moved every

rates. "'Tain't nothen to what I can do heart to sympathy.

if you're ekil to it."And the "I can help like fun,"he told

PHONE US widow gazed at his calm face, them. "Oh, think of it! If we

amazement in her eyes. "'Tain't do get that hundred dollars I may

much, but it's a starter, and there be just as strong as other boys!"

ain't no reason why more shouldn't Orders came flying in.

follow. There's a good thing in The minister's wife gave an Utah Power & them pies, especially with Widow order for three pies, and bought a

Munn at one end to bake 'em, and great package of sugar.

Light Co. Peter Tarbox at t'other to boom "You must let us help a little,

Efficient Public Service em! my dear; we feel so badly to think

Then the whole story came out. we never knew the dear child could

Peter had thought out his plan; be cured!"said the good lady.

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 765

NiIEIGHBORS and friends came with orders or offers as for help; the pumpkins,of and

pile in tothey began up the yard Qet on this till they fairly threatened to bury the round house.

if it all profit clear "It'll be ROAD TO HEALTH today. this declared rate,"atkeeps on

Peter. "Hope you won't cut your T7RESH yeast stimulates, tones and strengthens the intestines

old friends when you git to be a and helps to clear away clogging wastes. Thus it invigorates

millionaire."

"Peter, we are friends forever!"and purifies your system, and results in better health, more

cried the widow; while Ted pressed energy, a smoother,- fresher com-

a clove upon him, and when he plexion.

stooped to take it gave him a shy Get a supply of Fleischmann's fresh little kiss on his brown cheek.

"Here's a letter for you,"said yeast at your grocer's, or at a resPeter; and the widow, after readtaurant or soda fountain and add

ing it, handed it back to him with it to your diet—two cakes a day.

a shaking hand. Get on this road to health today.

"Read it!"she gasped, and Peter

read slowly, aloud: A product of

STANDARD BRANDS OF "Scarbham House, October 18, 1925. CALIFORNIA

"Mrs. Munn, Dear Madam: This

establishment has for years been famous for its pumpkin pies. The sudden death of H-""ll—II—II—ll n 'i'll—||-H—II—II——II——1|—II- h—||—>ll—It—II—1|—||-—Ittlll i |M

our old pie baker compels us to look to some other source. If you will undertake

to fifty pies deliver to us for Thanksgiving next sure reputation will be American Smelting & Refining Company our we feel safe in your hands. An early answer will SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

oblige. PURCHASERS OF "Kellogg 8 Blake."

Gold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore and Smelter Products "Mis'Munn,"cried Peter, Ore Purchasing Department, Seventh Floor McCornick Building "write and take the job! This Consign all ore shipments to:

town has got ter rize up and pitch American Smelting and Refining Company in. I'll go git some gals to help Ship Lead Ores to Murray Plant, Murray, Utah

peel, and we'll keep that goldurned Ship Copper and Siliceous Ores to Garfield Plant, Garfield, Utahlittle stove a-pipen night and day.

We've got a reputation to keep up Address correspondence as follows:

ekil to anybody's, and we's goen Regarding Shipments and Hand Samples to 700 McCornick Building ter do it, if it takes a leg!"wt—ii ii i'ii n w————m ii—ii ii m u nii ii if wh—iiAt first everything was confusion, but order soon reigned in

the little kitchen. Everyone wanted

to help. Farmer Brown sent a

can of sweet milk. The big bundle

of spices ordered from the storewas sent up without a bill, with UTAH best wishes of the proprietor; and

crusty old Lawyer Bliss added the last touch by buying three dozen BEET SUGARpie plates from Peter and deliverperson.ing them in j|e a|s sfc j|l UTAH'S FOREMOST AGRICULTURAL $

At last the great work was at an ASSET end.

The widow's tired face was bent Deserves the Support of Every Loyal Utabn over the account book, Ted's finpiling array of thegers goodly were is none Insist on it from your grocer—There bills, sat Petercoins while and

beaming upon them like the kindly better longlegged angel he was.

"Next to mother I love you bet- "Flavor with sugar and you flavor with ter than anybody!"cried Ted, upsetting all his careful piles to hug health"

his friend.

"Ninetythree dollars!"an766 The Improvement Era for October, 1933

1 1 1 III 1 I h 1 nounced the widow. "Peter, how fied. What a long year it has been,

can I ever thank you?"coming over and what a glad Thanksgiving this

to him impulsively, tears of joy will be!"turning to look with

in her eyes. happy eyes through the open door.

"Jist trot out any amount of How cozy it looks, with its pie you mought have on hand,"he waiting tea table, the bowl of laughed, hiding his confused face flowers, the brown teapot before behind Ted, "and we'll call it the open fire, and the little covered square."dish!

Jj* 2jc y, jjx 2jc She had made a new cushion for his chair.

is better, will "For, and has come even he if he YEAR Alittle says, of time,"house round the she it some gone. The is want Printed

forms help sending up a hospitable puff of with a sigh.

you do the smoke, the white chrysanthemums The neighbor has gone away, and same work fill the air with fragrance, and the she stands gazing down the street in less time. store door stands wide open. with wistful eyes. Then her heart

But down in the village swings suddenly beats so fast, she must another sign, "Munn & Tarbox,"lean on the fence for support. Why,

while "Bakery"comes in smaller how faint she feels! For, coming

letters under the new firm's name, toward her, running, shouting,PRINTED for the little round house is no leaping, is a flying little figure.

longer a store. Racing, "just like other boys,"FORMS Yes, it is all true, and a thriving with straight, strong legs and back!

business the new firm does; for the "Oh, just like other boys!"She SA VE TIME

fame of their bread, rolls and pies feels his eager kisses on her face, and

Have you investigated has spread over the country. comes back to earth to know she

But today the store has been left has him in her arms, strong and the time saving possibiliin charge of two assistants; the well.

ties of printed forms apwidow is as busy as a bee about "Well, since you will give me the plied to your particular the round house; while Peter credit of the hull thing—not that

haunts the railway station, watch- I deserve it,"says Peter, modestly, job or business? One of ing the incoming trains with anx- "I'll tell you somethin'mar used

our specialists in this field ious eyes. ter say every Thanksgiving: 'If

"I want to come home by myself, Peter weren't born for nothen betwill gladly help you mother,"writes Ted; and mother ter, he certainly was born with a

make any survey and consents, though she can hardly mouth fur pie.'Law me, but it

alone. that he used to can come hear feel bad to make me give suggestions. realize

"If he is even if I able to yet blessed walk a her; I'll be don't

THE stoppedlittle,"sheat thetellsgate,a neighbor"I will whobe satishas itwishdoneshe'dsomelivedgood,longanyhow!"'nough to see

Deseret News 7 he Beloved CinderellaContinuedpage from729 "Press face; should! ought you a wave of tenderness submergStreet 29 Richards it—yes, need Pap, I him. how ed know Salt to haveit—oh, Lake City, Utah You

it is—that mortgage and the Pa- "Don't you fret, Stargrass! It's

Shop opposite. If you had all you're happy. UlolllllalO honkey You right—if the money—are happy, honey?"asked wisthe

"Pshaw, honey! Do you think fully. BE INDEPENDENT

No Other Vocation So Profitable! I'd take money for bein'good to She laid her soft cheek against his

ENROLL NOW you?"he asked indignantly. worn old sleeve.

I Father Pap, "But, know For a Complete Course at the "I ought to be, Pap,"she whisit like to give to you!"would

"I've got everything. it!"cried with pered; "Drat Pap, hot ofQuish School Beauty Culture I ever Everything dreamed about!"all anger, "that's he thought I come in The Best the West

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. for! Don't seem to think maybe He put his workworn hand up.

almost timidly, and stroked her CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH I—I—"He choked and was hair. silent. Further For Information

and Catalog Call Star's gray eyes darkened; she 'Then it's all right, honey!"he

Wasatch 7560 or caught at the old man's sleeve. said, in a choked voice.

Fill in This "Wasn't he—nice to you, Pap?"She did not answer. Her face Coupon

she asked in a low voice. was still half hidden on his

Mr. Binney, burning with secret shoulder when a big car suddenly

resentment at his treatment, caught slipped through the gates, turned himself in time. He saw the girl's and headed toward them.

The Improvement Era for October, 1933 767

Tt H II || II 1 "It's Father!"she cried, her hand "—""'"""""''

still on Pap's arm.

Blanchard stopped the car. IT IS NOT TOO LATE, YOUMAY STILL ENROLL I Agnes!"he said sharply. "Mary

Star went to him. "I've just

found Pap—Mr.."Binney—Father, and I want to—Though the Fall Quarter

"Get in!"commanded Blanbegan on September 26,

chard imperatively. you may still register for

Something in his tone made the a full Quarter's wofrk.

girl obey, but she turned to look Deans and Professors back. will aid you in finding

"Pap,"she called, "I want to your courses... You will

find living costs reason- "Drive on, Giddings!"Mr. able and enrollment easx,

Blanchard's voice was hard.

The big car started and swung forward. Star, sinking into a place

beside her father was aware of MAKE YOUR JOURNEY TO OCTOBER CONFERENCE COUNT

Etta's amused eyes opposite and of By Registering At

Carr's smile. broad She turned UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG leanedhot and out, looking back. Prove "The Friendly School"

Pap still stood in the road, his stout i—n IH i.iii Hi. i.i ill || || M m || m ill (I || H ii M llii hu m H II ''H I It—HI—H.It—-!!—Utah n n II llX

old figure solid as a rock. Suddenly

she saw herself a little girl running to him with her little troubles, clinging to his big hand, sure of his faithful old heart. It came back car INSURE the felt—as Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.glided leaving wasto her, on—thatand she she

him behind her in the dust!

Star's lip trembled, she felt thesting of hot tears in her eyes and INSURE winked them back. Your animals while in transit to market.

Let us quote you rates.

(To be Continued) HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY

20 Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Lines to a Friend

By Florence Hartman Townsend +m *i m

ALWAYSblindI had been told that love is Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel

That love makes tight the shutters of the mind So that we may not see a loved one in the whiteAnd searching intensity of truth's light. HOTEL

But I have proved this ancient thrust unTEMPLE

Remembering, true, my friend, when I met you,

For then so prejudiced and critical my mindI catalogued each fault that I could find! SQUARE

200 Rooms each with You were not perfect then, you are not now, Tile Bath But love has softened all your faults someRates how,

And shown me virtues that I had not seen, $1.50 to $4.00

For prejudice had lain so thick between.

Radio Connections for Because love is not blind I found you, Every Room friend, Who will enrich my life till life shall end. Opposite Great Mormon Temple

Your strength and courage fill my weaker soul ERNEST C ROSSITER, Manager

And make all life secure and sweet and whole.

>vtfwogtjojmvOvj\Al WE GOT OUR WIRES CROSSED SHE EVEN USES POETRY IN HER LETTERS 189, Luis Potosi No. San date names mixed on lines and month we got the LAST Mexico, D. F., Mexico, this page. appeared G. which on communications two

Homer Durham of Preston, England, wrote the communicaAugust 20, 1933.

tion signed by Catherine Marsh and vice versa. Mr. Durham, Harrison R. Merrill and Elsie:

however, says, "No harm done."

last, letter, the written June YOUR past. days a few Mexico Reached "MAN SHALL NOT LIVE BY BREAD ALONE"

Murray, Utah. Just how, or why I cannot say,

delay please long excuse But my late, If too In answering. I'm I in influence feel that its very the Era much. enjoy

I'll Sir Fate. blame Just know. let me as is as something our table on important DearWEEditor:our home

to eat. say? dollars books, of you worth Ten Very sincerely, for today. I couldn't them pay Sarah Barrett.

get poets, times, for should Yet

HE LIKES OUR ART So just you send a little letter better, choose. plan what Informing you me California. Burbank,

sell shoes, poor, If I'm my Editors:

it else price hat. of I'llThe stillmy in Or art is welcomed give us to Utah proposal more deficit. help the up make DearYOUR May

is It rank. August in front novel family. The our and

is an example of real art. It Roberts H. Armstrong cover by forget don't to let me know. Now

artistic instinct. originality and true shows then, Till Luck!""Good

Your wellwishers, From Mexico.

Horace N. Fish.

THE ERA HAS LONG BEEN A VISITOR

THESE LOSE SLEEP OVER THE ERA AT THIS HOME

Tenino, Washington Levan, Utah.

General Board M. I. A. Editors

Dear Brethren: \7"OUR magazine has always been a source of inspiration to

it in the last Improveas Apostles picture of the as long I can in our the have had I me. home We SOMEHOW

its arrival to look each always forward and month. to have the remember badly torn, wanted so and ment Era got we

picture framed, so we are sending to see if you have an extra Very sincerely yours, copy of the July Era, or if you haven't the whole issue for Audrie Hanson.

sale, perhaps you have a picture like the one in the Era.

We cannot express to you just how much we enjoy the 1 1 i

Era. My husband and I sit up the night we receive the Era Provo, Utah.

until it is nearly completely read. And each time we receive Dear Sir:

a new copy we say, "Why this copy alone is worth the price Perhaps you can use this little thought in the Era.

of the entire subscription."We congratulate you upon your

friends different of have a wonderful work. number We enjoy OCTOBER the that Era and of the borrow Church) (who are not

it very much. in the is something Sincerely yours, THEREBlueness of your skies;

Mrs. Ammon Harris. There is something in the color

WE HOPE THIS WILL NOT RUIN MISS KENNELLY ThereOf youris somethingautumn inleavesthe oncrispnesshigh morning your frosty Of deal of pleasjust with a great read the Era August HAVE makes me kneel before myair Maker best story That of the ure. I notice opinions ask for you

and poem of the year. In silence and in prayer.

My vote goes unreservedly to Ardyth Kennelly. "How

Lovely Youth,"in the August issue, is entrancing. "Each in I surely enjoyed "How Lovely Youth"in the August

his own tongue"expresses life as he sees it. Ardyth Kennelly number.

interprets its meanings with the beautiful artistry I have Sincerely, always longed to possess, but could somehow not attain. I (Miss) Rosmary Hodson.

think the gods of genius must have visited her first, and tilted it left lap, that a scanty into of plenty her so lavishly the horn the OUTDOOR STORYPICTURE CONTEST outside the rest waited for of us portion some of who portals. Her story, "Fire and Song,"and the one called have as yet had few entries in our StoryPicture conthis as story does. to appealed Spring,""Afterward me Came all closes test course of October 30. our WE which Of

fiction. beautiful prose for are They off enthusiasts be get best that one, camera holding but beautiful—too to may

best the for vote Parker Fava wins poem. Of Mrs. my we'll representation. have a few hope good have we We

I liked best. I think her Amethyst poems, two idea the to ones that on hand good was know now—enougha Sincerely, for Humanity, Yours Most

a that one and good kodakers have of our good some many Leila Hoggan. M. imaginations. issue, the the details See for of July page 555,

i i i contest.

still have many articles and papers addressed to 47 WEEast South Temple Street. This month we are running WHAT KIND OF A HUSBAND- -OR WIFE—DO

the picture, of our new home, 50 North Main Street, in the YOU LIKE?

hope that it will impress everybody with the fact that we have changed our address. How do you like that new home? "D EAD Mr. Hinckley's article in this number and let us

You are always welcome to come and see us at home. Con- -*-- have your decision. Filling out the blank ought to be

ference visitors will be welcome. more interesting than a crossword puzzle.

"Here's a Suggestion for a

Present"A YEAR'S SUBSCRIPTION TO THE Improvement A MagazineERAFor Every Member of the

Family. You may send this monthly Messenger into the homes of those you esteem

highly or love by ordering a gift subscription for them. Your gift subscription will

count on your ward quota.

A Volume Will Contain 768 Pages of Material—The

Equivalent in Number of Words of 8 FullLength

Novels.

The Volume Just Closing Contained 148

Special Articles, 38 Short Stories, 178 Poems, 2

HalfLength Novels, 41 Editorials, 12 reproductions of Paintings, Mutual Messages, Priesthood Messages,

Hundreds of reproductions of Photographs and Drawings.

A Christmas Card Announcing You As Donor Will

Accompany Each Gift Subscription.

ORDER BLANK

Editors, The Improvement Era, 50 North Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

Dear Sir: Find inclosed $2 for which please send a year's

subscription to the Improvement Era to

Name

Address DONT RISK MARRIAGE WITHOUT A SOLID BACKING TOR YOUR TUTURE

START OUT WITH FIVE OR TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS IN CASH TO YOUR CREDIT

WILL PAY

Regular Death Benefit $10,000.00 Plus All Premiums Paid

Accidental Death Benefit $20,000.00 Plus Life Premiums Paid

For Total Disability $100.00 Per Month for Life

An Endowment Fund at Age 65 $10,000.00

or an Income for Life of $73.00 Per Month

THE SAFE SAVINGSINVESTMENT PLAN THAT

PAYS CASH WHEN YOU WANT IT

DIRECTORS

DIRECTORS Heber F. Jos. Smith A. W. J.IvinsGrant

F. B. Grant Clark, Jr. J. Reuben

David 0. McKay J. Cannon Geo.

B. A. C. Ohlson Ralphs E. T. BHALin IMS iAfiNf