,>.-.., '-: -- * '. - -;=,v,.

Prepare for the best in education

Brigham Young University is one of the world's great universities, yet it is unlike any other in the world. It combines finest academic, physical and spiritual training in an ideal social climate.

Standards are high and study is not easy at BYU; therefore,

students planning to seek a superior BYU education should prepare for it. Demand is great, but there is always room for the

good scholar.

Applications for admission must April 2; for the test on June 25

be accompanied by two copies of register April 25 to June 4.

transcript of credits and scores of the American College Tests. These

materials are due for Summer MORE DATES TO first 31; for termSchool on May for REMEMBER 30; and term on Junesecond

fall semester on July 30. Write to Summer School, first term

BYU Office of Admissions and RecJune 13July 15 ords, Provo, Utah. Summer School, second term

Remember, all entering freshJuly 18Aug. 19

men and all transfer students with Application deadline, fall less than 15 semester hours of semester July 30 thecredit take American must ColNew student orientation given arelege Tests. in every They Sept. 13, 14

state. Obtain materials from your

high school principal or counselor. Registration, fall semester,

Two tests remain: for the test on Sept. 1517

April 23 register January 24 to Classes begin Sept. 19

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Why the Godless hate these books

11WWVN

1 I I

... and why the Godfearing find daily inspiration in them

Great Books contain the great truths that are fatal to compare Plato's ideas on life after death with the dictators, vital to religious men and women everywhere. teachings of the Bible. In

In these volumes you can trace the origin and developthe Syntopicon under ment of religious freedom, tolerance, the brotherhood of "Immortality,"chapterand-verseyoureferfind man, and other concepts by which you live. ences to //mentions of the

subject in the Bible, plus exact references to each of From the pages of Great Books, 74 Thomas Jefferson. the hundreds of ideas on immortality

immortal authors speak to you. Yet these 74 immortals, whose in Great Books.

From them you can gain strength numbers include poets, philosophers, to live with the troubles of our times. dramatists, novelists, historians, FREE OFFER... act now!

As you read them your mind is scientists, political and economic Find out more about Great Books.

stimulated, your spirits lifted, your thinkers, are all important to the Just mail in the attached post card life enriched. You see why these churchgoing millions of Americans for a profusely illustrated 16page

great thoughts are the deadliest today. booklet—;free. Send

enemies of tyrants. No one can comTheir ideas—443 works, combined books I for it today—no

bat these truths except by denying only in the 54 superbly bound vol- I mm postage required.

men the right to know them. umes of Great Books—are the founGreat Books, Dept.

What kinds of men dation of our free institutions. 331-1,igan Ave.,425 No.Chicago,Michwrote Great Books? The amazing Syntopicon Illinois 60611.

Were they all Christians? No. Some W7ith Great Books you receive the

of them—Homer, Aeschylus, Aristwo-volume Syntopicon, a unique

totle and others—lived and died idea index that enables you to trace before Christ was born. every thought in Great Books and in GREAT

Were they all religious writers? the Bible, as easily as you look up

Augustine was, but not Shakespeare. words in your dictionary.

Thomas Aquinas was, but not For example, suppose you wish to BOOKS

FEBRUARY 1966 81 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for February 1966 Volume 69, ISumber 2

Church Features art and photo credits

The Editor's Page: Widening and Extending Horizons, A.tt v

President David O. McKay 92 88,102Ted91, 99,Nagata160Ed Maryon

106, 112Douglas Johnson Your Question: Israel, Jew, and Gentile, President Joseph Fielding Smith 94 96,110, 116,125Ronald126, 147,Wilkinson154Dale

The Church Moves On, 86; Melchizedek Priesthood: Fathers and Sons and Their Priesthood, 128DaveKilbournBurton

124; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 126. 130Phillis Luch

153Travis Winn Special Features 157,I,P.t.t.P.Y\YlQ158, 159Sherry Johnson

Christopher Columbus and the Book of Mormon, Hyde M. Merrill 96 92, 96, 106, 118Maurice Seanlon

Taking God out of Government, Merlo J. Pusey 99 Photographs92Ralph Clark

The Best Burnt Roast I Have Ever Eaten, /. Joel Moss 102 94,145, 119Three148, 149, Lions150, 151Eldon

Linschoten Genealogy: Genealogy's New Success TeamFamily Organization and PRS 110

Home Happiness 112 Teaching: The Significance of Being Born Again, Alma P. Burton 114

"Is Any Sick Among You?"P. K. Edmunds 116

Since Cumorah: The Bible, the Scrolls, and the Book of Mormon:

A Problem of Three Bibles (continued), Hugh Nibley 118

The Spoken Word from Temple Square,

Richard L. Evans 120, 121, 135, 137, 138, 141, 144

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 91; These Times: Gemini VII, G. Homer

Durham, 88; Letters and Reports, 84.

The Era of Youth 145 The Last Word 160 Family and Home Features Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

You Are Cordially Invited 128 It's Contagious, Harriet Carlson 130

Home, Sweet Home 134

Stories, Poetry The Story of Bani, Virginia Maughan Kammeyer 106

Poetry 98, 139, 140, 141, 143

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

L. Evans, L. Editor; Richard Zobell, O. Managing Jr., Research David E. Green, Albert and Grant, Carter Darold McKay M. COVER THE DoyleEditorial Associates; L.Today's Gabbott, Family Todd, Editor; Florence Marlowe, Jones D. M.Editors; Mabel MarionEditor; Hanks, Jay

Editor; Editor; Associate Montague, B. EraPinnock, Director; TheDirector;Era Elaine Youth Youth the Art Keith Cannon, Reynolds, Art General Era The of of Ralph ofNormanYouth to Glistening the adds snow

Artist. Staff

this log pioneer of nostalgia old

Editors. A. Nieley, Harris, Gardiner, B. Sidney Sperry, Franklin G. Contributing Durham, Hugh Alma F. Price,Homer

City, as Spring near Utah, home S. Associate Business F. Jacobsen, G. General General Smith, S.Manager; Subscription Manager; Scott, A, Carlos Jr.,Florence Snarr, Verl Jr., Manager; Glen

trees. seen through cottonwood Director; Evans, Smith, Representatives. Advertising S. Glenn Thayer

The photographer is Lucien B. Bown.

Saints, Men's Superintendent, 1966, Christ of Latterday Improvement Association Mutual Young published General of Jesus Mutual and by the Church of The

Associations of rights All of in Christ subscripreserved. a year, Improvement The Church Latterday of Jesus Subscription multiple price, $3.00 advance;

tions, $2.50'to 2 years, $8.25; price. year, $5.75; 3 years, each succeeding the three year a year addedSaints.

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act

is not responsible for unsolicited for manuscripts contributions. at the rate Era Tfe Improvement Manuscripts but on acceptance welcomes paid of 2$ '"are sufficient be accompanied and must delivery a return. word by postage and

lithographed is Cover days'required for issue address. recent Thirty of of the magazine. ordering change slip from please a include address change, Address a

changes old unless the Whenthefor cannot as included. well as noticebe address one is made new Deseret by News Pressin full color

81 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Books of Remembrance Every member of your family including teenage children, should have a personal Book of Remembrance.

I

1. DELUXE BINDER GENEALOGY SHEETS Doz. 100 1,000

Available in a variety of attractive colors with handsome gold leaf temple imprints. White, brown and light blue available with Salt 3. Picture Pedigree (Five generation) $.50 $4.00

Lake, Idaho, Arizona, Los Angeles, Logan, Manti, Oakland, St. 4. Pedigree Worksheets $.15 $1.00 $ 9.00

robin Angel Moroni;George Temples black and egg blue and

all available (dark) with imprints the above except Oakland and 5. Pedigree Charts $.40 $1.60 $14.00

St. George temples and the Angel Moroni; plain binders without 6. Family Group Worksheet $.15 $1.00 $9.00

imprint are available in black and robin egg blue. 7. Family Group (new) $.40 $1.60 $14.00

$5.50 8. Nonmember Family Group $.15 $.90 $ 7.25

2. REGULAR "TEMPLE"BINDERS 9. Personal Record $.40 $1.70 $15.50

A high quality binder available in black, brown, white and light 10. Plain Bond (light) $.20 $1.50 $10.50

blue with the following temple imprints: Salt Lake, Idaho, Arizona, 11. Plain Bond (heavy) Punched $.35 $2.00

Los Angeles, Logan, and Manti. $3.95 12. Family History $.40 $1.70 $15.50

13. Doctrinal

New Testament 16. 14. Gifts of the The Magic J Commentary of Spirit i Mormonism

by D u a n by Earl Stowell GOSPELS THE -i Crowther by Bruce R.

McConkie

The Book of Mormon, Doctrine and A brilliant essay by a best selling author.

Covenants, Pearl of Great Price and This new book explains the nature of A compilation of articles, speeches and Written especially for the convert to the teachings of latterday prophets are spiritual gifts and shows how man can conference addresses never before pubChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday brought into harmony to further your enrich his life through the influence of lished, it will lead you to a more abunSaints, it is valuable to both the investiunderstanding of New Testament the Holy Ghost and gifts of the Spirit. dant spiritual life. $3.95 gator and Church member, $3.50

doctrines. 886 pages. $7.50 $3.95

Bookcraft1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 2-66

Please send the following circled books:

1 (color) (temple) 2 (color) (temple) 3 7 4 5 r 6 (quantity) (quantity) (quantity) (quantity) (quantity) 8 (quantity) 9 (quantity) 10 (quantity) 11. 12 13 14 15 16

(quantity) (quantity) for which I enclose check ( ) money order ( ) for $ (in Utah, please add Z lA% sales tax)

Name

Address

City, State, Zip

FEBRUARY!# 8

Special SeQSion Tp/tesg

Letters and Reports

SCOUTS RECEIVE

EAGLE AWARD TOGETHER

Boy Scout Eagles do not fly alone, as does their namesake bird. They often

come in clusters, influencing each other with their enthusiasm and ambition as they work to their high goal.

For instance, in the Kaysville Third

Ward, Kaysville (Utah) Stake, eight boys received the Eagle award at the same 3-way sash court of honor. Pictured are, front row,

easy sleeves 1 to r, Explorer adviser Jerry Secrist, fits all arms Scouts Rick Christenson, Ron McCormick, mobile neckline Kenny Leavitt, Bryce Passey, Scoutgenerous pockets master DeWitt D. Sorenson; back row,

1 Treadwell, Robert to r, Explorers wide hems Ronnie * f Perkins, Andrew, Clyde and Douglas fits all figures

Drake.

ERA HELPS MISSIONARY FRIENDS EARN

Profoundly appropriate m its new dimension WORK AND MISSIONARIES MEDALLIONS TOGETHER classic longawaited this simplicity, elegant of the Fayette... friends (Utah) from is like Era] [The Improvement a Five refinements unique is with designed expressly

in all Stake, participated Gunnison Ward, firing for conference missionary up my proportioned Gracefully beauty. lasting and highschool activities through Mutual I spirit. It time the read each happens it belongs—emphasis where lines give added for left. school high years.. they. When Era. Ultraflattering accessories. treasured the on activity, the and college, they continued

. fin-.. Liddell Elder Richard detailed and Superbly W. figures all to

the all five Gold Meearned have now States spar-. Mission Atlantic.. Central dripdry, Wrinkleresistant, ished

individual for seven dallion award Small, Small, & Medium Extra klingwhite.

are: right, they Arva to Left awards. Send: Please Sizes. Large of College Southattended Mellor, who I personally that Imknow The Large... Small Medium Small Extra College; Mellor, Arleen Snow ern Utah; is tool, missionary great Era a provement $16.98 Length Full $14.98 Length Calf Mid Mellor tax Bartholomew, Dplus BYU; Pamela Judy in as of Saints tax the Florida here plus many

LE VOY'S, are members of the Church because of and Darlene Mellor, both Snow College.

2511 South West Temple the influence of this great publication Also receiving the sevenyear award in

Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 and the work you do in it.... Fayette Ward were BYU senior Fae

and YWMIA leader Mrs. E. V. Nalder Bartholomew Name. Elder

Kathleen Bartholomew. Florida Mission

Address.

City State Send check or money order Postage prepaid

Utah residents add sales tax 84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOURS FREE For Joining LDS Books Club

GOLD MEDALLION: SIGN

OF CONTINUED FAITHFULNESS

From Alaska to Texas, pigtailed Beehive girls become poised young women, and they keep right on earning MIA individual awards.

After seven of these awards have been earned, a girl receives the Gold Medallion, special recognition for her faithfulness during the teen years. And for many

girls this is not a stop, as they continue to earn eight, nine, even ten awards.

Cora Alice McCarrey, Anchorage (Alaska) Third Ward medallion winner, has sometimes been the only girl in her age group, but she has kept up enthusiastic activity in her ward. She is

a senior at the University of Utah.

Laurel Anne Foote has earned individual awards in Utah, Colorado, Mississippi, and Texas while her father has been a building superintendent for the

In building program.church Kelsey- A Complete (A 5 received Texas, she Gilmer,Gilmer Ward,

the vaiue) An medallion.M Man and Gleaner newspaper was Book of Remembrance

the brainchild of Carolyn Jeanne Miller, Church authorities recommend that picture pedigree charts... a $2.25 value

medallion winner in Glendora Second every LDS family have a Book of Rememfree when you join LDS Books Club. This

Stake. An Covina (California)Ward,

on brance compiled in acceptable form before offer is limited, so mail your order today.active Gleaner, she is now working

of the 1966. end award. Gleanerher Golden will As Club you Books of LDS a member

is in the Setting pace a new ward a of four is to purchase agree opportunity to receive a minimum your Now first medallion winner Turnbow,Norma in Lakewood ( California complete Book of Remembrance free. The Club selections or alternates during the

Third Ward, East Long set includes a handsome leatherette binder next 12 months. For every four books

Beach Stake. Norma is now with gold stamped title, 25 family group purchased you will receive a valuable

mission. a stake serving on charts, 5 family history pedigree book bonus 10 free of charge—a saving to from sheets, winner A sevenyear

of 20%. sheets, sheets 5 record and 8 you personal eastern is Leora Oregon

King, Nyssa. Leora is a BYU

to student having returned LDS BESTSELLERS SELECTION FROM THESE FIRST CLUB MAKE YOURLaurel Anne fall this after a year school 3. Thoughts for 1% Minute Talks Doth It Profit Life 2. What Abundant 1. The of half in out dropped she whichand a

school so her brother could go on a by Hugh B. Brown by Sterling W. Sill by Lindsay R. Curtis

fascilessons Timely and ofmission. Articles, and speeches truths wisdom and conThe

talks. for nating thoughts in easynever presented addresses the ference ages Stake Clearfield medal- (Utah) Three

all. for reading Splendid terms. forceful before published. toread

ClearFlandro, arelion winners Marian $3.00 jr*3tw $3.95 $3.50

stufield College Fourth Ward, Weber dent working on her ninth award; Mary

Jean Germer, Clearfield Second Ward, 4, The Magic of Mormonism 5. The Missouri Persecutions 6. Pathways to Happiness

serving in the Florida Mission; Lorraine! by Earl Stowell by B. H. Roberts by David 0. McKay

Clearfield 0. Fifth explains workhistorical ARonnfeldt, acDavid Ward, McKay the byday moving day-

A heroism for temples. Saints of the count of the the need Church. I Explainsoperationing ninth her award. on

classic. in Missouri. sacrifice prized Church and for converts. Especially

ClinJohnston, in Utah, Darlene Also $3.95 $3.50 $3.50 Stake, Daviston North Ward, Second

has received ten individual awards, eight of the First Presidency,with 100 percent Fall Years 9. Messages of Nauvoo The Third Thousand attendance, and the 7. The Rise and

award. by W. Cleon SkousenGold Medallion by B. H. Roberts "Vol.11

R. Clark by James of tnu years Seven mph of sweeping drama

official statements Inspiring by The blackened suddenly biblical the events from of Brigha expulsion. John Young. and m martyrdom j time of Abraham.

Taylor. Wilford Woodruff. | $3.95 $5.95

$4.50

Please send without charge your special Book of Remembrance set. l

Check or money order in the amount of $ is

Cora Alice Carolyn Norma Leora enclosed for the following regular Club selection(s):

Circle number of your choice 123456789

Enroll me as a member and send me the monthly reviews. I hereby

agree to purchase a minimum of 4 LDS Book Club selections during the next 12 months at the regular advertised price.

E 'Marian Mary Jean Lorraine Darlene LDS Books ADDRESS.CITY.STATE. ZIP.

Club, Inc.

P. 0. Box 400 Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 2-66 (signed)

I.—FEBRUARY 1966 88 dignity, comfort and beauty—

| plus the privacy of individual seating The Church With traditional dignity and beauty, and the modern convenience and comfort of coilspring seats, these Moves chairs are ideal for your house of worship or auditorium. Maximum

privacy is inherent in the individual styling of each unit, and the EzyLift On seats provide ample passageway.

Luxurious HeywoodWakefield seating is available in a wide variety of aisle ends, beautiful colors, and fine fabrics. Write today

for free catalog.

DECEMBER 1965

It was announced that Mrs. Mabel Jones Gabbott of Bountiful,

Utah, had been appointed to the general board of the Young

Women's Mutual Improvement Association. She is an editorial associate of The Improvement Era, serving in the field of poetry and

fiction.

This was the 160th anniversary of the birth of the Prophet

Joseph Smith. At traditional midmorning services for employees

HEYWOOD- * briefly.of the ChurchElder MarionAdministrationG. RomneyBuilding,of the PresidentCouncil ofMcKaythe Twelvespoke

WAKEFIELD Sterling the Savior spoke Elder on and W. Sill, assistant to the IIw of the Council the Prophet. Twelve, spoke on

The Church received a special award for its Christmas lighting

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD, MENOMINEE, MICH. and decoration work on Temple Square from the Intermountain

Electrical Association. The annual awards are usually given to home

owners in recognition of the artistry involved in their displays, but

BLACK & WHITE "the effect the Temple Square lighting has had on the community demanded a special award."

year year for Millions 1965 the Church. was a good were I fclWH# 8 exposure roll TheFILMS thrilled Pavilion at the York World's by the Mormon New DEVELOPED & PRINTED Hundreds of thousands of nonmembers received copies ofFair,the

IN JUMBO SIZE special printing of the Book of Mormon during the Christmas 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 season from LDS friends. Twelve new stakes were organized by

36 exposures $1.50 the Church in 1965, bringing the total stakes now functioning to 412.

COLOR FILM JANUARY 1966 DEVELOPING As President and Sister David O. McKay marked their sixtyfifth like said that anniversary, finding "a wife he wedding KODACOLOR

Roll 8-Exposure per his aspire to to years that advice mine"any was would many who

Printing. Dev. roll and $2.55 of in Salt to happiness. a the horsedrawn went Lake Temple "We 12Exposure per if recalled, hack,"there not they could but Printing on Dev. snow remember Roll $3.00 was and ro ||

Color Reprints 204 each the ground at the time. "I guess we were too much in love,"he said.

COLORColor Slides SLIDES per ThisPrestonanniversaryNibley,day81,wasprominentnoted by achurchquiet familyauthordinnerand party.lecturer, 1 35 mm

20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll president of the Northwestern States Mission, January 1937 to

Color Slides 135 per mm City. sustained at Salt 1940, died as an October Lake He was

exp., Dev. roll 36 and Mount... $2.40 until serving historian ill health forced assistant church April 6, 1957, Color Movie per

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll his retirement October 31, 1963. Funeral services were conducted

January 5.

GENEALOGY PHOTOS First of Elder the appointment Presidency announced The of OLD NEGATIVES MADE of the as president Parley Falls Temple, Idaho A. Arave PHOTOS, suc604 each. PRINTS set President L. Killpack. President William ceeding Arave was of NEGATIVE, 54 each former president of the apart today McKay. by President He is a

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s Western Canadian Mission and of the Blackfoot (Idaho) Stake.

MoneyBack Guarantee Mrs. Arave was set apart as temple matron.

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elder Morris Wayne Behunin of Woods Cross, Utah, was struck and killed by a bus as he and three companions alighted from a bus while returning from a cottage meeting in Buenos Aires this evening. The three companions

were injured. He had been serving

in Argentina since June 1964. Funeral services were held January

15th in South Bountiful Third Ward.

American church membership still is climbing faster than its population, but participation in Sunday worship is sagging. The 1966

Yearbook of American Churches, published by the National Council Is your church any place to skimp of Churches, gives the US general church membership at 123,307,449, on carpet quality?

for the 2 percent of about gaina it adaptcolors 19 Gropoint's make specify architects the for And say who "No!"During synagogues.churches and decor. to able any stately the of Mormon so new many population period, the year'sthe carpet, they buildings. church Good is just of one many Gropoint But percent. 1.5 less Thus, thangrew saves sound, out, on mainabsorbs point befits quality Bigelows Mormon whose ahead pushed membershipchurch improves of course, costs. And, tenance inare others, buildings. There church

to 64.4 percent of the population, appearance. cluding styles for every public building,

the year 64 percent tocompared can customhas or Bigelow home. surprisingly, Bigelow Gropoint 1 every Not in 1960. percent 63.6before, and carpet. done create We've the perfect gets the nod. (above)

Data included from the American it since 1825.

allwool Gropoint's Longwearing indiOpinion of Public Institute RUGS ft CARPETS SINCE 18E5 quiet. pile to a hushed softens noise of the United percent loop Bigelow 45cated that

States adults were in church on an average Sunday, a one point drop from the 46 percent of the previous figure years. The attendancetwo its Preserve the Inspiration of slowly from droppinghas been

195861 level, when it held at 47 percent. The Improvement Era

Quarterly stake conferences beIn Beautifully Bound Volumes gan again this weekend after a brief ChristmasNew Year's recess. This quarter, the Saints in The Mountain West's finest bindery and

stake conferences sustain the Genprinting house is prepared to bind your eral Authorities of the Church and collected Improvement Era's into fine their stake officers, which is done hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

annually. Today, in those stakes editions you wish bound to the Deseret

holding conference, President David News Press.

O. McKay was sustained as Prophet,

Seer, and Revelator and President 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

of The Church of Jesus Christ of payment must accompany all orders—

Latterday Saints, Hugh B. Brown Please include postage if volumes are

as First Counselor in the First to be returned by mail.

Presidency, Nathan Eldon Tanner as Second Counselor in the First POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Presidency, and Joseph Fielding Zone 5 1.05

1.20 6 1 & 2 65 as B. Isaacson Thorpe Smith and

3 7 75 1.40 Presidency. the First in Counselors 8 4 85

Joseph Fielding Smith remains 1.60

President of the Quorum of the

Twelve Apostles. The Counselors in

the First Presidency, the Twelve

Apostles, and the Patriarch to the

Church were sustained as Prophets,

Seers, and Revelators.

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah

FEBRUARY 1966 87 M

FOR YOUR FAMILY

GOOD HEALTH

STONE GRIND your own whole grain flour with a LEE Kitchen Size FLOUR MILL.

The vital energy stored in 100% whole grain, stone ground, adds to your family health and enjoyment. Natural vitamins, minerals Gemini VII

and nature's health giving nuTHESE TIMES of morsel in trients every the By Dr. G. Homer Durham rolls, bread, cakes and you

bake. President, Arizona State University, Tempe

TEST the lip smacking flavor of LEE Stone Ground Flour.

Send $1.50 for 5#'s post paid.

Get recipes and full informais for a for VI, Latin launched designed and word # "Gemini"tion. is twins. secthis extraordinary "Zodiac"imaginary maneuver, an was

LEE ENGINEERING CO. tion of the sky, sixteen degrees manned by astronauts Walter

Schirra Air Stafford. wide, includes which and presumably Thomas

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave. Milwaukee, Wis. 53203 Stafford the paths of the proForce received Major moon, the principal

Dept. IE 2-66 planets, and the sun's path. Castor motion to the rank of lieutenant

and Pollux were twin sons of Zeus colonel. Walter Schirra became a

in the classical Greek mythology. full captain in the US Navy followCastor was mortal, Pollux immortal. ing his previous Gemini flight.

On Castor's death a decree of Zeus To this time the United States ruled that the twins should be rehad sent 13 men into space, 3 of united and share the upper and them making two flights each for lower worlds on alternate days. a total of 16. Russia had successThus the Gemini took their place in fully orbited 11, including Valenthe zodiac and also as the names tina Tereshkova in 1963, the first

of two bright stars in the constellawoman to fly modern spacecraft.

tion Gemini. The 13 days, 18 hours, and 35Gemini also became, after Merodd minutes spent in space by

cury and Apollo, the name assigned Colonel Borman and Captain Lovell, by the US to its twoman space marked by the rendezvous with ships. On December 18, 1965, Captain Schirra and Lieutenant

Gemini VII, manned by Air Force Colonel Stafford, foreshadow reColonel Frank Borman and Navy markable events to come.

Captain James Lovell, landed in the The technical achievement of

Atlantic after traveling 5,129,400 producing and successfully launchPrices miles. Before the space journey the ing the Gemini craft, adjusting their

are LOW men held the rank of lieutenant spiral orbits to coincide in space, in Idaho colonel and commander. One conand then to coordinate their navisequence of their 206 orbits of the gation patterns successfully and

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple earth was their promotion. Their return safely to earth is one thing.

designs in white and latest parchments. 330 hours and 35 minutes in space, The harmonization of thousands of

Matching albums, napkins, Mormon other speeding at 17,500 miles per hour, individual human wills and intelliaccessories. rush order service. One day

was historic; for on December 16, gences in this technical feat is

1965, for 22 hours, Gemini VI and something else.

Gemini VII flew within 62 miles The technical progress is notable.

of each other at this speed. During It deserves public gratitude, recogSend 25c for catalog & samples, refunded part of this time—styled by comnition, and appreciation.

on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) mentators, "rendezvous in space"—But behind the 5,129,400 miles

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 the two Gemini craft were about safely flown, the additional miles

Name one foot from each other. Gemini flown by Gemini VI to make the

Address -

City, Zone, State -

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rendezvous, lies an example of human resolution, intelligence, and cooperation that should not be overlooked. The flight of Gemini

VII and its predecessors demonstrates that given appropriate incentives and direction, thousands of men and women can harmonize their efforts to produce extraordinary results. Despite all the cunning

safeguards built in by engineering science, one error, one slip, one careless act on the part of any one of several thousands could have brought the project to naught.

All mankind, the inhabitants of this planet, are moving through space, orbiting around the sun. The

sun itself is plunging and carrying the solar system at tremendous speed through space.

Before Gemini VII was built there were many organizing conferences. The National Aeronautics

and Space Agency itself was established. Out of many conferences

came plans, cooperation, and successful projects.

There are many lessons for boys and girls, men and women, families and groups in the dramatic Gemini flights.

In the book of Abraham can be read the following lines:

"We will go down, for there is space there, and we will take of these materials, and we will make an earth whereon these may dwell;

"A.nd we will prove them hereall thingswith, to see if will do they

their thewhatsoever Lord God Still the place for shall command them...."(Abra-

3:2425.)ham Schirra, Stafford, Borextra safety and soundness. Officers

man, and Lovell evidently did successfully all things they were For many years Zions First National has maintained a strong "commanded"on their flights. So capital position, giving depositors an extra measure of safety.

including of others,did thousands

C. Today, as in the past, this bank has more of its own dollars Director ChristopherFlight

Kraft. (Incidentally, some future backing each dollar of your deposits than almost any other bank

writer could suggest that "Chrisor savings institution in America.

topher"is an appropriate symbolic In addition to its strong capital position, all deposits to $ 1 0,000 name for a flight director.) are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.

of flight director great is a There All things considered, Zions First National Bank is one of the all are curof usthe ship space rently aboard. As the astronauts safest places in America for your money.

heeded suggestions from the manned space flight center at Open a savings

Houston, Texas, all of us might afaccount now listen cooperate with to to andford ZIONS in person or by mail. great flight our othereach and

director, the Creator of this earth. Send check or Gemini VII reminds us of the money order to: FIRST NATIONAL

ancient wisdom: "... to obey is

better than sacrifice, and to hearkenthan the fat of rams."(1 Sam. BANK

15:22.) NUMBER ONE MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

FEBRUARY 1966 89 Fine music is the only true measure of a fine organ. To meet this THE SIGHT measure, the modern organ must provide the sound associated with

music written for the great organs of the past. The modern organ must haveAND SOUND the console arrangement that gives the organist at a glance what he wants

when he expects it. Traditional organ tone, standard controls and OF FINE dimensions, contemporary design... these are the essential Baldwin organ

standards of quality. Note a few of the distinguished owners who have MUSIC judged Baldwin to be the finest electronic organ built today. Or better

still, request a demonstration for your church after which you can judge for yourself.

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA INSTALLATIONS

College Conservatory of Music University of Cincinnati Cincinnati, Ohio Cathedral of Our Lady of Perpetual Help

Rapid City, South Dakota Episcopal Church Center New York City, New York Harris Memorial Methodist Church

Honolulu, Hawaii Glorieta Baptist Assembly Exploring

Glorieta, New Mexico Otahuhu College Auckland, New Zealand Institute the General Motors

Flint, Michigan St. Andrew's Presbyterian College Laurinburg, North Carolina Universe

Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

Chihuahua, Mexico Pasadena Junior College Pasadena, California St. Leo Catholic Church

Denver, Colorado Holy Rood Episcopal Church Washington Heights ATMOSPHERIC TIDES

New York, New York Peoples Baptist Church Boston, Massachusetts There are oscillations in baroFerris Institute Big Rapids, Michigan metric pressure, called atmospheric

St. Augustine Catholic Church

Saskatchewan, Canada tides, caused by the gravitational Humboldt,

Maple Springs Methodist Church pull of the sun and moon and by

WinstonSalem, North Carolina the sun's heating effects. Professor

Church Mamby Park Baptist Kingston, Jamaica B. Haurwitz notes that in tropical

First Seventh Day Adventist Church regions of the earth there are two

Memphis, Tennessee maxima about 10 a.m. and 10 p.m. Purdue University

West Lafayette, Indiana and two minima about 6 hours

St. Gregory's Catholic Church later. The amplitude variation is

California Francisco, San St. David's Anglican Church about a thousandth of an atmo- "Where the World

Calgary, Alberta, Canada gravitapressure. sphere the Since Registers"Methodist Chapel Warren is 2.2 tidal force Church tional of the moon Chattanooga, Tennessee

that the times of the sun Congregational and China Church trip to next semiYour Denver—the Kong, China Hong earth's in tide diurnal the lunar—the capital of of Church Ascension climate America

is times 15 about atmosphere Louisville, Kentucky

Columbia Union College smaller than that of the sun, the will be most memorable when

Park, Maryland Tacoma Anglican difference must be due mostly to you stay at the Brown Palace. Christ Church

Beaurepaire, Quebec, Canada heating action of the sun. 600 air conditioned rooms

First Baptist Church El Paso, Texas suites rooms and executive St. Anthony's Church X-RAY STIMULI

Lourenco Marques restaurants five famous

Portuguese East Africa of Jesus Christ of Church convention complete Administration Veterans At the

Latter Saints Day California, Hospital, Beach, accommodations Long Ogden, Utah

St. Nicholas of Tolentine rats have been trained to respond

Catholic Church to signals of very low doses of To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE Illinois Chicago,

Temple Emanuel of South Hills X ray directed to the head. The

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania stimulus is probably received in the

Riverside Methodist Church Miami, Florida vicinity of the olfactorybulb reKARLW. MEHLMANN, General Manager

First Presbyterian Church gion of the brain. Represented by:

Odessa, Texas MEMBER ROBERT F. WARNER Cathedral of Alajuela

York City New Rica San Jose, Costa

South Carolina State College GLENN W. FAWCETT

Orangeburg, South Carolina Los Angeles

Prairie Village United Presbyterian

Church Prairie Village, Kansas First Lutheran Church Birmingham, Alabama Wesleyan Kansas College *"; Salina, Kansas "travel with Chi. You getmore College St. Mary's

Notre Dame, Indiana for your Travel $$"

Westworth United Church Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada Try one of many tours

University Amherst, Massachusetts of Massachusetts MILK PRODUCTION MEXICO - HAWAII Carmelite Monastery of Cristo Rey SOUTH PACIFIC - ORIENT

Francisco, California San MARDI LAND GRASHOLY temperaturehumidity The index Bible College Johnson PALMYRA PAGEANT Knoxville, Tennessee has been the used by H. Johnson of

University of Missouri to show how and others high temperature and humidity deCall or Contact

Inc. TRAVEL AGENCY, BaldwinBaldwin Company press milk production in cattle. CHI'S TOURS Piano & Organ State Street South 179 Cincinnati, Ohio Salt City, Utah Lake 84111

Phone 3221205

FEBRUARY 1966 91 One of my favorite subjects that I have often disAnd so I ask you, young men and women, to begin cussed with youth is "The Road to Happiness Through the climb now to the intellectual and spiritual hills

Widening and Extending Horizons."that I believe will lead to happiness. Let us broaden

Our theme suggests that the road to happiness lies our horizons and start climbing.

through widening and extending horizons. The first hill that we ascend I shall name Soul FreeHorizon means something bounded by observation dom. There cannot be happiness without free agency.

or experience. Geographically our horizon is bounded If the soul feels circumscribed, harassed, or enslaved

by the limits of our physical view, but those other by something or somebody, there cannot be true horizons which we shall here contemplate are within progress. That is why some of the nations today are

us, limited only by the boundary of our imaginations. wrong and someday in the future will have to change

It is these personal experiences and observations their policy. God intends men to be free.

which contribute either to our joy or to our unWe turn round on the hill Soul Freedom and see an happiness. extended view. Within us is a sense of strength and

We have all been in the country and rejoiced as confidence. There is hope; there is exhilaration. We

we started out on a picnic to climb the hills. As we are independent, and we can make the best of our

got to the foot of the hill and climbed, we could see lives.

what we thought was the top. That was our bounded But there is another hill ahead of us, and I think

horizon, and so we climbed over rocks and sagebrush, that hill is more rugged. There are more rocks. There

admiring a dainty flower here, an unusual shrub are more stones rolling as we step along. We may

there, and ever and anon turning to view the scene slip occasionally. We may bruise our knees and

below. We were surprised when we got to that first scratch our hands because that is not an easy ascenlevel, which we thought was the top, to find that it sion. We approach the hill Victory.

was not the top at all. There were hills still ahead As we climb it we get the consciousness of selfof us; but as we turned, our view was much more mastery, which is equal in importance to the conimpressive than it had been at the foot of the hill. sciousness of soul freedom. Look way down there,

And so with light hearts and aspiring eagerness we where the rays of intellect do not penetrate, where started to climb the next. One more climb, we thought, the sunshine of morality is seldom seen, and see how

and we shall be at the top. Again we were surprised the people grovel. Many—too many—either will not

to see "hills peeping o'er hills,"but again our horizon or cannot come out of the slums to reach this hill was more extended. How uniform the streets down from which we broaden our horizon. As a result,

in the old town! How the canyon assumes a new their search for happiness is in vain. They grasp at

aspect, and the winding rivers wending toward it look the substance, and it turns to ashes.

like silver threads stretching across the valley. We It is significant that it was on the Mount of Tempcannot stop now; another climb, and we continue tation that Christ gained the victory over the tempter

until at length we reach the crest. It is just a daily and cried, "Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written,

experience of what Alexander Pope so beautifully has Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only expressed: "Hills peep o'er hills, and Alps on Alps shalt thou serve."(Matt. 4:10.)

arise!"(Essay on Criticism.) But we must climb. That next hill leads to a sweeter

Some of you have been in the Alps and scanned happiness in life. All our associations thus far have

those wonderful peaks, and there you experienced been with one another, boys and girls together. Those

hour after hour and perhaps day after day what it who made any of the low things their aim in life, means to acquire more extended horizons. of course, aren't ready to go on. They remain on the

But there are too many of us content to dwell in plane Indulgence, because the effort to ascend is too the slums of the intellect and of the spirit. Too many much, too great. But those of us who have been toof us seek for happiness in the sunless surroundings gether, studying one another, finding out with whom

of indulgence. we are congenial and who contributed the best in

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE EDITOR'S PAGE / BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY 'rimu

our lives—the boys who find the girls who inspire lethargy and idleness and intemperance, drinking and

them to do their best and the girls who make the boys smoking, and trying to get some physical stimulant feel, "I want to succeed; I want to become worthy for happiness. Think about it. You can't do it. You

of you"—those are the girls whose company yOu should are never satisfied with it. Read the book of life, and

seek; and, girls, those are the boys who are worthy of you will have ample evidence of the value and truth

your companionship, of your love. They are not grovelof the Word of Wisdom. Keep your eyes open and

ers. Their aim isn't to experience merely sensation see life down there in the shadows, particularly from

which any animal may know. Their dances and their the high hill of Industry and Appreciation.

parties and their socials and their music are all but a But let us continue our journey upward. Together

means to an end, and they look forward to the next hand in hand we climb the last hill and reach the top ascent—the mount Industry.—the hill of Service.

Here each one chooses his vocation. The hill is a As we begin this final ascent and behold our exhard one, but he has mastered some of those things tended horizons, we are conscious of a conviction

in youth, and he is ready now to overcome almost any that true happiness is found in the paradoxical saying difficulty. Of course, it will be hard to get an educaof the Savior "... he that loseth his life for my sake

tion. It will take application. He will have to deny himshall find it."(Matt. 10:39.) Our lives are wrapped

self some pleasures, but he has already mastered urj with the lives of others, and we are happiest as himself physically, and he can master himself intelwe contribute to their happiness.

lectually. He chooses a vocation and starts out with "... by love serve one another"(Gal. 5:13), writes

a view of building a home for that sweet girl who the apostle; and Jesus sums it up:

has inspired him. He seeks the supreme happiness "... love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and

that comes from contributing to the blessing of others with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.

and to the strength of the nation. Together the couple "This is the first and great commandment.

is building on the hill of Industry. Building a home "And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love

together, they share happiness. The husband is hapthy neighbour as thyself.

piest when that sweet wife, his sweetheart, is happy; "On these two commandments hang all the law and

and she is happiest when he succeeds. They are both the prophets."(Matt. 22:3740.)

happiest when the children succeed. After all, in There are those who declare such an ideal merely

rearing and loving a family lies the most supreme theoretical; they call it impractical! Why not try it?

happiness. Anything else must take second place in A test by application will prove its practicability. Let

value to those boys and girls who make happy our the nations of the world which are today descending homes. This experience is found on the hill of Inthe hills of progress and slipping down into the slums

dustry. and gutters of animal indulgence sneer at the ideals

"Alps"still rise as we approach the hill Appreciaif they will; but as sure as God has given us the

tion. Perhaps we live in a cottage. We read about revelation of life, so shall we find happiness supreme

the fortunes that men pay for paintings, and on our as we climb the hill of Service.

wall hangs just a cutting from a calendar, but by this God bless you young men and women as you travel time we have learned to appreciate God's gifts, and the road of happiness through extended and broadthe most beautiful pictures in the world are ours for ened horizons. I believe these steps are sound: first,

the looking. "Soul Freedom"; the second, "Victory"through selfWe turn from that and view our broadened horizon, mastery; the third, "Industry"and the home; the

and we can bask together in the glorious sunset that fourth, "Appreciation"; and the fifth, "Service"—

is ours. It doesn't belong to anyone any more than it willingness and ability to serve. God help us as repredoes to us. sentatives of the Church, of our homes, and as men

Appreciation cannot be obtained without climbing. who hold the priesthood of God to set the proper

It is not to be found in the slums of indulgence and example to the world and thus bring happiness to it.

FEBRUARY 1966 93 The Savior sent his disciples first to teach and convert the Jews.

The gospel was also for the Gentiles.

Israel Jew and Gentile

answer: The name Israel is one that the Lord

gave to Jacob, son of Isaac, as we find recorded in

Genesis, chapter 32, which reads as follows:

"And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a YOUR man with him until the breaking of the day.

"And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched the hollow of his thigh; and the QUEShollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint, as he wrestled

with him. "And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. TION

ANSWERED BY Andme. he said, I will not let thee go, except thou bless

"And he said unto him, What is thy name? And PRESIDENT

he said, Jacob.

"And he said, Thy name shall be called no more JOSEPH Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power FIELDING with God and with men, and hast prevailed.

"And Jacob asked him, and said, Tell me, I pray thee, thy name. And he said, Wherefore is it that SMITH thou dost ask after my name? And he blessed him OF THE FIRST there.

"And Jacob called the name of the place Peniel: PRESIDENCY

for I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved."(Gen. 32:2430.)

question: "In the scriptures we frequently see the This is how the name Israel came into existence

terms Israel, Jew, Gentile. Will you kindly explain and became the name of the descendants of Jacob

these terms? Does the term Gentile include those of from that time forth.

the descent of Cain?"The term Jew or Jews is one given quite generally

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to the Israelites who were living in the days of our were stoned, persecuted, and sorely abused, Paul said

Redeemer. It had become the national name to all to his companions, "... we [will] turn to the Genthe Israelites then living in the borders of Palestine. tiles"(Acts 13:46), and thus the time of the Gentiles,

For instance, Paul was known as a Jew, but he inas far as Paul and his companions were concerned, forms us that he was a descendant of Benjamin. was ushered in.

The descendants of Jacob from the time of the Then, again, we read of Peter, who thought that sojourn in Egypt were known as Israelites. This name, the gospel was intended solely for the Jews. The

coming down from the divine naming of Jacob as Lord had to teach him a lesson and convince him previously stated, has continued to this day. that the gospel was also for the Gentiles by giving

The name Gentile is a name that was given to the him a vision of unclean beasts and fowls and people of foreign countries by the Jews and has telling Peter to kill and eat. He answered, "Not so,

prevailed to the present day. The expression "Jew Lord; for I have never eaten any thing that is common

or Gentile"is very common, and the latter has referor unclean."

ence very generally to most nonIsraelite peoples, "And the voice spake unto him again the second except the descendants of Cain. This term is used time, What God hath cleansed, that call not thou

frequently in the scriptures and is applied to all of common."This vision was repeated, and Peter became

the white inhabitants of Europe and the western convinced that the gospel was for the Gentiles as hemisphere. well as for the Jews. (Acts 10:9 ff.)

In the days of Peter and the ancient apostles, the So, likewise, Paul, after being stoned and driven inhabitants of Europe and part of Asia were generally from the Jewish synagogues, turned to the Gentiles.

spoken of as Gentiles. When the Savior left his disSo we see that in that dispensation the Jews were

ciples he sent them first to teach and convert the first to hear the gospel, and when they rejected the

Jews and their fellows of the seed of Abraham, and message, the Lord commanded the apostles to turn the ancient apostles felt that their mission was only to the Gentiles. In this dispensation the Gentiles have

to the scattered sheep of the house of Israel. Paul their day for the gospel first, and when they refuse,

and his associates who went forth on missionary it will be taken to the Jews.

journeys in that day confined their labors to the Jews For added information I refer you to the title page who were scattered through Asia Minor. When they of the Book of Mormon, first paragraph.

FEBRUARY 1966 9S

fl -

V.

40P

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA olumbus

BY HYDE M. MERRILL

Lehi, in one of his last addresses to his people, tiles, who was separated from the seed of my brethren made the following important prophecy concerning by the many waters; and I beheld the Spirit of God,

the land of promise to which they had been led: that it came down and wrought upon the man; and

"Yea, the Lord hath covenanted this land unto me, he went forth upon the many waters, even unto the 2and to my children forever, and also all those who seed of my brethren, who were in the promised land."

should be led out of other countries by the hand of These prophecies mention several specific points:

the Lord. first, that the land now known as America would be

"Wherefore, I, Lehi, prophesy according to the protected by the Lord from interference from other workings of the Spirit which is in me, that there shall nations until after the descendants of Lehi had renone come into this land save they shall be brought jected the true Messiah and had dwindled away in by the hand of the Lord.... unbelief; second, that when the people had become

"And behold, it is wisdom that this land should be unrighteous, the Lord would bring other nations, led kept as yet from the knowledge of other nations.... specifically by "a man"on whom his Spirit would

"Wherefore, I, Lehi, have obtained a promise, that work; third, that he would give these gentiles power

inasmuch as those whom the Lord God shall bring out over the unrighteous Israelites, that he would take of the land of Jerusalem shall keep his commandments, away from them the lands which heretofore had... they shall be kept from all other nations, that they been theirs.

may possess this land unto themselves.... There is nothing earthshaking or new in stating

"But behold, when the time cometh that they shall that America has been discovered and Lehi's descendwindle in unbelief,... behold, I say, if the day dants subjugated. Were this my purpose I could pack

shall come that they will reject the Holy One of Israel, up my typewriter and get back to by differential the true Messiah, their Redeemer and their God, beequations. But what these scriptures indicate, and

hold, the judgments of him that is just shall rest upon what we accept, largely as a matter of faith, is that them. this was brought about directly by divine intervention.

"Yea, he will bring other nations unto them, and If we could produce evidence, encountered after the he will give unto them power, and he will take away publishing of the Book of Mormon, indicating that from them the lands of their possessions... "1 such was the case, we would have another witness

Nephi had already seen the following vision regardto the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon, ing the fulfilling of the prophecy made by his father: As a minor sidelight, before getting down to the

"And it came to pass that the angel said unto me: meat of the question, let me quote the following

Behold the wrath of God is upon the seed of thy which was attributed to Sebastian Cabot, contembrethren. porary of Columbus and himself a great explorer, as

"And I looked and beheld a man among the Genhe comments on what people of the time felt about

FEBRUARY 1966 97 Columbus'achievement in discovering America: Therefore, be merciful, and be assured that He will

Columbus'voyage "... was much discussed by everybe merciful to you."4

one at the court of King Henry VII, who then reigned, The above selections are typical of the many that saying that it was a thing more divine than human characterize Columbus'writings and demonstrate the to have found that way never before known to go to deep testimony that he had of a personal, living God.

the east where the spices grow."3 Of course, this we would expect from a man who was

Thus at least one knowledgable contemporary auinspired of God, but not necessarily from a man who thority indicates that what Columbus accomplished wasn't. Remember that at the time the above was

was so difficult, by the standards of the times, as to written, Columbus had fallen into great disfavor. He

be considered beyond the capabilities of a mere was financially in dire straits, and to insist this strongly human being. that his son pay tithing at a time when they were

But in order to find out if Columbus really was practically penniless is indicative of the depth of his "wrought upon by the Spirit of the Lord,"let us confidence in God.

learn a little more about him. He was a student of The most interesting document, however, is a

the Bible and was familiar with its contents as is eviletter written by Columbus to the king and queen of denced by the frequent references to scripture that Spain. During his fourth voyage, he was shipwrecked

are found in his writings. However, in spite of his in the Caribbean and sent this letter to the nearest

great religious faith, or perhaps because of it, he Spanish settlement by means of the Indians.

differed with the religious leaders of the day when First of all, although he was theoretically Admiral they opposed his proposed trip to the Indies and his of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy of the Indies, his ships theoiy of the roundness of the earth on the basis of were such deteriorated old hulks that it was practically certain misinterpreted scriptures. suicide to try to take them out on the open ocean.

A very interesting and illuminating picture of the He was also prohibited from making a landing at character of Christopher Columbus is afforded by a any Spanish settlements in the New World. He had

couple of paragraphs from a private, highly personal no sooner crossed the ocean than there rose up a letter he wrote to his son Diego just before embarking terrible tempest, lasting 88 days, which destroyed on his fourth and last voyage to the New World: their sail and rigging and opened up leaks in their

"I command and charge you to be very devote in ships. His ship was so rotten and wormeaten that

giving the tithes of all the moneys you shall have, be with three pumps and pots and kettles, he could hardly they from rents, or from any other source, give in keep it afloat. It was a miracle that they escaped with

service of our Lord to the poor and needy, and to their lives. No sooner had this storm ceased than they

relatives, before others: and, if there are none where were set upon by another which had them at its mercy

you are, set it apart, to send it to them: if you do this, for several weeks. They found harbor, but the natives

you will never lack what you need, because Our Lord were not friendly: many of the Spaniards were killed,

will provide. and their position was made untenable. He managed

"I command you that you honor all the people with to escape from the harbor with his ship, but his whom you come in contact and that you treat them brother, in command of a second vessel, was left well from the greatest to the least, because they are inside. Just at this awful moment another storm sprang

the people of God Our Lord. He will honor you, and up, and he found his life and the lives of his men and

will make you prosper, if you honor His people; and son, who had accompanied him, endangered from still

if you mistreat any one of them, Our Lord will misanother quarter. He was suffering from a severe

treat you; and He will afflict you, if you afflict anyone. fever and worn down (Continued on page 135)

SUCCESS

BY HELEN KIMBALL. ORGILL

To hope and dream and waitTill by your will you climb,

Again and still again; Yet keep the wished ideal

To face the changing hours, Untarnished and unstained—

Aglow or numbed with pain, So from the days you reap

Unstinting of your powers; The seeds that have been sown;

Then meet defeat, and once more, Serene you face the years,

Still fighting midnight doubt, Dreams realized, your own,

Work as you worked before, Aloof from fate or fears.

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r

s I

">! 8 JIIlflW*4WIWlife!'wiB* 1*< '"

raArmGod oh/ of GOVERNMENT

BY MERLO J. PUSEY

When the country was plunged into grief by the Similar objections were raised in some quarters assassination of President Kennedy more than two against the singing of "The StarSpangled Banner"as years ago, it turned instinctively to prayer. Men and part of routine school ceremonies. The national

women prayed and wept alternately without any anthem sets forth the motto "In God is our trust"and thought of the socalled "wall of separation"which, bids us "praise the Power that hath made and preaccording to the Supreme Court, is supposed to keep served us a nation!"Even the Declaration of Indechurch and state in isolated compartments. The new pendence was eyed suspiciously for a time. It begins

President, Lyndon B. Johnson, proclaimed a day of on a note of reverence for our great Creator and ends

mourning and prayer. The nation's hour of sorrow by confiding in his divine goodness for protection.

became, in fact, a spiritual experience. The Court itself frowned upon any such extension

What a contrast between this natural and inevitable of its reasoning in the school prayer cases; yet the

intermingling of faith with the affairs of state and extreme reactions stemmed directly from the exthe unperceptive and unhistorical conclusion of the travagant language the Court had used.

Supreme Court that prayer and Bible reading in the What is especially worrisome about the school public schools are unconstitutional! For a few days prayer edicts handed down in Washington is that

at least, the country was pulled back from the trend they seem to frown upon any recognition of God in toward taking God out of government. It is well to governmental circles. The indirect effect is to belittle

remember, however, that earlier in 1963 the New faith, however vehemently the Court may disclaim

York Commissioner of Education forbade students to any such intention.

sing "America"in their opening exercises because of Judicial restraints on religion have been mounting its appeal to Deity. Efforts to obtain a judicial decree since the Court handed down its fiveto-four decision

that would prevent school children from pledging in the 1947 Everson case. Strangely enough, the effect

allegiance to one nation "under God"were carried all of this ruling was to allow New Jersey to reimburse the way to the Supreme Court. Fortunately, the court parents for the cost of transporting their children to

put a stop to that nonsense by refusing to review the parochial schools. Nevertheless, the opinion by Justice

case. Hugo L. Black asserted that "in the words of Jefferson

The objection to "America"was based on its recogthe clause against establishment of religion by law nition of God and to this prayerlike petition: was intended to erect 'a wall of separation between

"Protect us by thy might, church and state.''Since then the Court has added

Great God, our King!"additional stones and mortar to that "wall."

FEBRUARY 1966 99 The effect of the McCollum decision in 1948 was Vitale). Overriding the New York courts, Justice

to upset a releasedtime program of religious educaBlack and his colleagues concluded that use of the tion in Champaign, Illinois. The Court sweepingly prayer in public schools, even though participation

forbade any state aid to any and all religions. The was voluntary, constituted "an establishment of reliresult was both applauded and condemned, but it gion."

could be readily justified because Champaign had In its later Schempp decision forbidding use of the permitted use of its schools and compulsory attenLord's Prayer and Bible reading in the public schools, dance laws to propagate religion. It had gone too far. the Court tried to soften the tone of Everson, McSome authorities insist that in this case the Court Collum, and Engel. Yet the result was the same,

created an entirely new "liberty"—the right of a citiAbout half the country's public schools have had to

zen to prevent the state from aiding religion in any abandon "devotional"exercises or circumvent the form. If there is such a right, it is not spelled out in Supreme Court. According to one critic, the Court

the Constitution itself. The First Amendment says has turned freedom of religion into freedom from

that "Congress shall make no law respecting an religion.

establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free The central fallacy in the Court's reasoning is that exercise thereof."After the Civil War the states were the saying of a prayer in a public school, with no

required to respect this guarantee of religious liberty compulsory participation, amounts to an "establishthrough the Fourteenth Amendment, with its wellment"of religion. Rather, it is a recognition of the

known command that no state shall "deprive any traditional role of religion in American life. The deperson of life, liberty, or property, without due sirable end is maximum freedom of religion without

process of law."government favoritism—not judicially imposed secuThe emphasis of both amendments is clearly on larism. In these cases the churches were not using

liberty. Some eminent authorities believe that the the schools for propagation of their faith, as they had

"establishment"clause was intended only to buttress done in McCollum. The schools were using religion

the "free exercise"clause and that therefore they to serve their own ends—the improvement of discishould be interpreted together. pline and morals.

The Court seemed to pull back from its "wallof- Dean Edwin N. Griswold of the Harvard Law

separation"thesis when it decided the Zorach case in School has pointed out that there is a long history 1952. It found no affront to the Constitution in New behind the phrase "establishment of religion."Not

York's releasedtime program. Unlike Champaign, only England but also some of the American states

New York gave school children time for religious had established churches when the First Amendment instruction without using public classrooms or drawwas adopted. Congress was forbidden to follow those

ing upon public funds. Speaking for an approving examples. It is farfetched to transform this buttressing

majority, Justice William O. Douglas concluded that of religious freedom into a ban on incidental recogni-

"public institutions"may adjust their schedules "to tion of Deity in the schools.

accommodate the religious needs of the people."In A second fallacy lies in the fact that no "wallof-

doing so, he wrote, the state "follows the best of our separation"concept is to be found in the language of traditions."the Constitution or in our national history. The First

Putting aside Justice Black's absolutist view, the Congress, which approved the Bill of Rights in 1789,

Court observed that the "First Amendment does not also adopted rules for the election of chaplains in the say that in every and all respects there shall be a House and Senate. And one member of the joint

separation of church and state."Though Justice Black committee which thus invited religion into the halls

sharply dissented, this opinion gave hope that the of Congress was James Madison, the author of the

American tradition of recognizing Deity and of inFirst Amendment.

jecting religious overtones into public ceremonies In all the years that have followed, the government would be respected. has maintained friendly, though proper and nonIn the schoolprayer and Biblereading cases, howofficial, relations with religion. Presidents have reever, the Black thesis once more prevailed. The peatedly called upon the people to pray for success

Court struck down a simple, nondenominational of our national endeavors. Every year the President

prayer recommended by New York's Board of Rehas proclaimed a day of Thanksgiving. The churches

gents and used in some New York schools (Engel v. have been granted the enormous advantage of tax

1O0 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA exemption. The federal and state governments have special competence and where general guidelines are

employed chaplains in their prisons and in some of almost impossible to fashion. Since the decisions

their hospitals. All branches of the military service have are highly unpopular and rest upon a strained view of

paid chaplains from public funds, and ministers and the Constitution, confidence in the judgment of the divinty students have been exempted from the draft. Court has been shaken. Demands for a constitutional

Prayer has been an accepted part of the presidenamendment to reverse these rulings seem to have tial inauguration and of many other national ceresubsided because of the great difficulty of drafting monies. When Dwight D. Eisenhower was President, an amendment that would be effective without doing

Cabinet meetings were opened with prayer. Even the too much. But deep concern remains over the Court's

Supreme Court has traditionally begun its session involvement of itself in this unnecessary dilemma.

with a prayer: "Oyez, Oyez, Oyez! God save the Some of the justices have laboriously sought to

United States and this honorable court!"distinguish prayer in the schools from prayer under

Justice Douglas, in his concurring opinion in the the auspices of other governmental agencies. But no

Engel case, acknowledged: "What New York does on one has been able to enunciate a principle that will

the opening of its public schools is what we do when sustain what the Court has done without at the same we open court."The Court's "prayer"is uttered by a time striking at our traditional policy of rendering

public official on the government payroll before a homage to God. Justice Tom Clark's majority opinion

captive audience. Justice Douglas thought it clearly in the Schempp case is the latest effort to find more

unconstitutional, but the Court has taken no step to secure ground on which to stand. The First Amendabolish it. ment, he concluded, commands that "the Government

This interlacing of public life with religious pracmaintain strict neutrality, neither aiding nor opposing tices existed for more than a century and a half before religion."Are Congress and the Court itself being

the Supreme Court began to look askance at it. In a "strictly neutral"when they invoke the blessings of

candid moment even the Supreme Court acknowlGod? This doctrine would seem to require them to

edged, in its Zorach opinion, that "we are a religious give up prayer or to hire an atheist to proclaim there people whose institutions presuppose a Supreme is no God after the prayers have been said.

Being."Certainly the government must be neutral as beWhen the judges were searching for the inner tween religious denominations. But where is the

meaning of religious freedom, they could have found command for neutrality between religion and secularguidance in this history. "The life of the law,"said ism? The very fact that the Constitution guarantees

the great Oliver Wendell Holmes, "has not been religious liberty suggests not neutrality toward relilogic; it has been experience."A reasonable regard gion but a profound interest in portecting it and

for our national experience would have left religion profiting from its influence in a free society.

in a position to contribute its strength to public life, The long and short of it is that consciousness of without any real encroachments one way or the Deity is deeply ingrained in our national life. Loss

other. of it would cut the philosophical roots of our society.

Dean Griswold has noted that these decisions fly It would weaken morality and the sense of justice into the face of another important principle. The that is so essential to a free people. The resulting

American people have made a practice of deciding religious sterility would be a strange heritage from issues of this kind on a local basis. The people have the magnificent concept of religious liberty which

a right to determine for themselves, through their the founding fathers wrote into the First Amendment.

local school boards, what kind of education their Whatever the intention of the Supreme Court, the children will receive. That right should not be innet effect of these decisions has been to downgrade

vaded by the judiciary without compelling evidence appeals to God. Some justices complain that the

that school authorities have disregarded fundamental country has not understood its prayer decisions. But

freedoms. it is more pertinent that the Court has not understood

The consequences of the prayer decisions are the country, with its intermingling of religious faith scarcely less unfortunate for the Court than for the with religious freedom. History has proved that this

schools. They divert the top judicial minds of the nahappy relationship can exist without any danger of

tion from the major constitutional issues to the realm establishing an official religion. No coerced "neuof educational policy where the Court has no trality"toward God in official life can serve us as well.

FEBRUARY 1966 lOl Would you ever say to your wife... How would you

respond if your husband said: "Honey, This isThe Best Burnt Roast

SECOND IN A SERIES this more specific responsiveness.

BY J. JOEL MOSS, PH.D. The closest word available at

PROFESSOR OF HUMAN DEVELOPMENT AND FAMILY RELATIONS present is called empathy. SympaBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY thy is quite readily understood. To

A recent cartoon sketch portrays a kitchen scene sympathize is to feel sorrow, pity, in which a dejected wife is toiling over meal preparaand so forth, for the person caught tions which are obviously going wrong. The husband in an unpleasant situation. To

appears on the scene to utter the endearing words, empathize is to appreciate how "I see we are having burnt offerings tonight."If you the other person feels and to

were the wife, how would you feel? What kind of a

response would you want? If you were a husband,

what response would you feel appropriate to the situation?

Contrast this scene with a similar one of two newlyweds. On this occasion the wife did serve burnt

offerings—a burnt roast too expensive to be thrown

away. The good husband, however, endeared himself

to his bride for some time to come. After a moment

of silent eating, he said, "Honey, this is the best burnt roast I have ever eaten!"

Married living, in its tremendous intimacy, leaves lis vulnerable to the partner's responses both at the worst and the best times of life. There are occasions

when one is wrong in a situation and the other could say, "I told you so!"There are occasions when one

has had a rare emotional experience and is eager to share it. But it cannot be shared without an appreciative emotional response from the partner. Have you

ever tried sharing the joy of a particularly stimulating testimony meeting or of a very tender experience with a child? Down inside there can exist a warmth

and a glow you are eager to share. Whether you do

or not depends largely on the responsive mood of the partner.

In both the worst and the best experiences in married living, we search for appreciative response. If it

is received, life moves on to experiences of richness and closeness. If not, life settles to a routine pattern

based on what seems safe—as far as release of one's

most tender feelings are concerned. We have tried

to find a word which describes this emotionally desirable quotient in marriage. Companionship, sharing,

and other words have been used. But they are so

broad we have tried to narrow it to a word reflecting

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:* f r

WfBKtqSt'.&x.ll w#

IHave Ever Eaten?a

govern responses so that the other The counselor tried to point out that everyone person feels appreciated. Our changed somewhat because of the experiences of

husband with the burnt roast living together, and every couple should normally could not deny its existence, but, expect change.

sensing how his wife might feel, "Not my folks,"said the husband. "They didn't

was able to encourage her by change. Mother always took such good care of

implying she could do more with Father."

\ burnt roast than other women. She Further exploration revealed that the husband came

needed a pat on the back and she from a family in which the mother arose early in got it! the morning and prepared breakfast, which she and

The E.Q. or emotional quotient the husband enjoyed together. The wife came, from

in a marriage thus involves both one of these homes in which the husband arose first feeling and communicative reand prepared his own breakfast. Later in the morning,

sponses. The ability to have such he called his wife from the office, and they both enfeelings is probably not given joyed a pleasant chat together—a kind of romantic

equally to all of us at birth. But, interlude in the day.

if I were not certain that we could The growingup experiences of the couple prepared learn to feel more and communithem to see the situation differently, illustrating the cate better, I should cease talking principle that there are always two and maybe even to you and spend my time with more realities to a situation. But, further, apparently

small children. they had never learned to communicate. Instead of

The feelings and communicative the husband telling his wife it would mean a lot to aspects of empathy are reflected him if she would get breakfast, he felt unappreciated in the following case of a couple and started to look for ways to prove that his wife who had filed for divorce. Out of did not love him. It is very easy to do, once started.

a sense of obligation they went to Suppose each of you were to make a list of every see a counselor. He found it diffilittle thing which suggested your partner didn't love

cult to determine what was wrong you. In a few days your list could be very long. "He

but finally found that the husband didn't tell me how he liked dinner.""She didn't greet

was sure that his wife no longer me when I came home.""He forgot the garbage, and

loved him. The wife remonstrated I had to take it out.""He forgot to introduce me last

that this was not true. The counnight—I felt so foolish.""She's only interested in my

selor then asked the man when he pay check, not me"—and so on.

first became aware that his wife This case illustrates that we all seek for certain did not love him. emotional responses. The more a partner can sense

"The day after we came home and at least somewhat respond by playing a desired from the honeymoon, when she role, the more sharing actually occurs in the marriage.

refused to get up and get my In contrast to this case is the attempt made by a friend breakfast."of mine to build more of an E.Q. (emotional quo-

/ The wife immediately asked, tient) into his relationships. His approach reflects the

"Why didn't you ever tell me this idea of positive thinking which can, in many cases, was how you felt?"add greater emotional depth to relationships.

Her husband responded, "I Following a familylife conference which left him ''"":* f didn't marry to change someone."challenged, he decided to commit himself to the task

FEBRUARY 19 66 lOS of telling others more frequently that he loved them. to you, do ye even so to them."

Shortly thereafter he met a friend he had always ad- (Matt. 7:12.)

mired but with whom he had not had much contact. Concern for others requires

Recalling his commitment and screwing up his more than sympathy; it calls for

courage, he walked up and, putting his hand on his empathy, so that a situation can be shoulder, said, in effect, ", you know, I've created in which relationships can always liked and admired you. I thought it about grow in depth and beauty. Such

time I told you so."I'm sure the other fellow probably growth certainly requires underlooked at the ground and stammered around a bit. standing and acceptance of cerIt's funny how hard it is to look into the eyes of one tain qualities about ourselves and

who is saying nice things about you. Perhaps it is

that we are afraid to let our feelings be seen on the surface at such times! Someone asked my friend if

he really meant it when he told the other fellow he liked him. He answered, "Yes, but not nearly as much

as I did after we had talked for a little while."A

greater emotional quotient had emerged in their relationship because one took time to communicate what he felt.

My friend tried this next with his wife and children, and he proclaims that it works. A noted social scientist years ago taught a principle which may help us

understand why it works. "If a thing is defined as

real,"he said, "it is real in its consequences."A man

may have a reasonably pleasant wife, but if he defines her as a nagger, he responds as though she were one.

If he sees her as a beautiful woman, he treats her as though she were one. If he gets used to seeing

her as a fixture in the house, much like the fireplace, sofa, or table, he treats her according to the role expected from such a fixture and not as a person.

This suggests that how we feel about a person is not just a product of what others are or do but of what we want to see in them. In our age of golden

questions, one writer has phrased a question I feel is a golden one: "What is there in me that makes

me want to see you as I do?"No woman is probably

as beautiful as her husband thinks she is—if he

feels she is beautiful. No man is as lazy as a woman

feels he is—if she thinks he is lazy. Alertness to

the fact that we contribute our perspective to each situation helps us see where change can come. It

always begins with the one who desires change.

This is nowhere better stated than in Jesus'comment that "... whatsoever ve would that men should do

XT

our partners. appreciate the other and empathize with him. As Jesus

Speaking of happy experiences taught, "... if ye love them which love you, what

of marriage when one would like reward have ye? do not even the publicans the same?"

to share great feelings, I find that (Matt. 5:46.) To show appreciation for another rebecause of a background of shyquires empathizing with what and where he is, raness as a youngster, I cannot alther than with where and what we would like him to

ways express what I feel. I'm sure be as a person. Were we not blessed with differences

there are many others, including as personalities, we should have little to understand some who are not shy, who have and less to empathize with—little to pull us out of

similar difficulties. Thus there are ourselves and into another's world of meaning and

times when I would like to express hopes. Jesus and modern teachers have taught us

myself and find I cannot really say that one must give himself to something bigger than what I want to say. In order not himself if he would bring richness and greatness into

to be hung up at that point, we his life.

have come to a pattern where I A second principle in building E.Q. into a relationsay, "Honey, I'd like to tell you ship is linked with our teachings concerning justice

something, but I don't know how."and mercy. Though there is always a basic element

In the ensuing conversation I find of justice to consider, Jesus taught it was mercy that she gently helps me by questions opened men's hearts (including our own) and built and encouragement, and gradually relationships. In more practical terms this suggests

it comes out—not in the beautiful that the more one is concerned about his rights in a

expressions I would prefer, but it marriage, the less the desired emotional quality will gradually comes. As a result, we flow into it. Concern for one's rights and empathy

share something I could not otherseem to be at odds with each other. In order to

wise talk about, and our relationempathize, one can hardly be wrapped up in his own ship experiences new depths. thoughts concerning how right or fair the situation is.

These could not occur if she did In our modern world with its emphasis toward not empathize and help me say it. equality, we are frequently concerned with what is

If she were to criticize or challenge fair and our status in any situation. Years ago I was

or question my reasoning at such involved in counseling with a couple married fifteen times, I could easily crawl into an years. I finally had to let them go because I could

emotional shell and refuse to come not get either one to try something new in the relaout. tionship. Even though they had been able to develop

These incidents help describe some understanding of what was wrong, neither the reality of that which we are would make a first step because each felt'the other trying to discuss. Included in the should make it. In talking with other counselors, they

descriptions are hints of certain too have noted that even after people develop underprinciples which help us build this standing, living requires that some action be taken more empathic relationship. First by someone or else things remain unchanged. This is

is the recognition that to have the hump over which people have to be helped, led, empathic relationships does not or pushed. One lady wrote: "What do you do while

mean there will be no conflicts. you are waiting for the other person to say, Tin

Disagreements among marriage sorry'? He was wrong. He didn't have to say all those

partners often provide the opporthings, and, in all fairness and justice, he should be tunity through which one learns to the first to apologize. (Continued on page 136)

BRUARY 1966 105 Bani had had good luck. It was just noon, and he Lebanon."Built of fragrant cedar wood, it had once

had been able to trade a silver cup for a chicken. He been adorned inside with hundreds of shields of solid

would go home now and show his prize to his mother. gold. One of several splendid buildings that had

The chicken was scrawny, but it would make good housed the royal family, it faced the broad flight of soup. steps that went up to the temple.

Down the narrow streets of Jerusalem he ran, dodgThe governor had the curly hair, square beard, and ing the beggars who squatted or lay in his path, flat nose that identified the Babylonians. Relieved of

clutching the chicken tightly so that it might not be his armor he sat relaxed upon the throne, a cup of torn from his grasp. wine at his elbow. He gestured carelessly, as though

As he turned the corner onto his street he stopped he were weary of the whole business. "Who are these?"

short. A Babylonian soldier, his armor and helmet "Speak,"the soldier commanded Bani's mother.

gleaming in the sun, stood before the door of Bani's She moistened her lips and with a great effort said, house. He raced the half block home, his heart pound- "I am Esther, wife of Bani. This is my son, also Bani."

ing. "Where is thy husband?"

They had not taken his mother. She stood white- "He is dead."

faced in the middle of the room—that bare room that The governor reached out and felt Bani's arms and

had once been so pleasant with tapestries and fine poked him in the ribs. "How old is the boy?"

rugs. A second soldier leaned carelessly against the "He is twelve years."

wall. As Bani plunged into the room he asked, "Is that "H-m-m. Very small. I should have said eight or

thy son?"nine."

"Yes."Bani, stung by the remark, burst out, "My mother

He gestured with his sword. "Come. We have been and I have had very little to eat this year!"

waiting for thee."The governor ignored him and turned once again to

There was no need to ask where. The great king the mother. "Turn around!"he commanded.

Nebuchadnezzar wanted the healthiest, most beautiBani's mother had once been very beautiful. Grief

ful, and intelligent of the conquered people to be sent and hardship had made her thin and careworn, old to Babylon. The royal family had gone first. Then the before her time. Bani knew how acutely embarrassed

wealthy people of the city. Then, as the months wore she was as she turned obediently, her eyes lowered.

on, the Babylonians became more selective. The govHe wanted to lash out in a rage and hit the man who

ernor sat upon Solomon's throne and took his time in sat on Solomon's throne.

choosing. From entire families that were pushed beThe governor slapped the arm of the great carved

fore him, he would choose several of the children or chair in disgust and spoke sharply to the soldier. "Why

perhaps the beautiful young mother to be led away dost thou trouble me with such as these? Disturb me

weeping. The rest—those considered unfit to go to no more unless thou canst bring me a beautiful woman

Nebuchadnezzar's capital city—became toilers in the—or a bag of gold."He reached for the wine on the

fields and slaves to the occupying Babylonians. table beside him. "Let them go home. They are unfit.

Now Bani and his mother were hurried along until They would never survive the march."

they came to the oncemagnificent palace which King Bani's feelings were a mixture of relief at being

Solomon had named "The House of the Forest of passed over and outrage at the insult. Unfit, indeed!

PD His burning Small he might be, but was he not of the proud tribe of Levi?

A few days later, having begged until evening withdesire was out success—food had become so dear that no one

to fulfill wanted even to buy his warm cloak—he came to the

steps leading up to the temple. He sat down in comthe duties of Perhapsplete wearinessthe governorand droppedwas right.his Maybehead inhe hiswashands.unfit

his father. for anything. He had always planned to follow in his

father's steps and take his place proudly among the

This is priests of the temple. But now there was no one left

of the tribe of Levi, no one to perform the priestly

rites. the hill the temple no above on him was And PTR shell, a ruined the longer of the Lord. house It was

21 j. 1 defiled and stripped of its treasures. E He thought of the faroff, happy time when

father had been alive—father, tall, bearded, and laughing, catching him under the arms and tossing him in

the air. There had been music in those days as his

mother played the harp and his father sang. They had

owned a vineyard just outside the city walls where the grapes grew sweet and large on the sunny hillside.

He remembered rolling in the grass and eating the grapes that dropped from his mother's basket as she Q picked.

There had been serious times, too, but just as wonEDTiTTTl derful, when father fasted and prayed and performed his ceremonial washings before he went to the temple to dress in his robes and take his turn with the course of priests offering the burnt sacrifice.

But there had been priests who were not good men.

They had scoffed at father and his friends for continuing to worship in the old way.

It became hard for Bani's father to go up to the temple. His fellow Jews mocked him in the streets and

spit upon him. They cried, "We will not trust in

BY VIRGINIA MAUGHAN KAMMEYER

Jehovah! Did he not forsake the northern tribes and "They stoned him!"Nathan cried. "They stoned

allow them to be taken captive by the Assyrians?"him for daring to speak the truth!"

Bani's father tried to tell them, "God did not forsake He had died that night.

Israel. Israel forsook her God!"Hatred had flooded Bani's heart. When the BabyBut the people cried louder, "We will trust in Baal lonians came, he was glad that the wicked were taken

and Moloch!"captive. But—and this was a puzzle Bani could not

There was a place south of the city where Bani solve—why did God allow the good ones to be taken,

had been forbidden to go. Once he had slipped away too—men like the Prophet Ezekiel? Bani had loved to

and stood at the top of the hill, trying to -get just a hear the prophets preach—men like Ezekiel and Jerelittle peek at what was going on down in the valley miah. Now Ezekiel was in captivity, and Jeremiah, too

of Hinnom. His father had caught him and had punold to be of any use to the Babylonians, had gone out

ished him severely—the only time in his life that Bani into the wilderness.

had gotten a beating. He couldn't understand. What What was ahead for Bani? The once beautiful city

was so terrible about the valley of Hinnom? Father of Jerusalem was plundered and ruined. Thinking of

refused to discuss it. So Bani had sought out his young the shepherdking who had loved it and made it his

friend Reuben, who knew a great many things that capital, Bani began to whisper one of the psalms of he had heard whispered by the adults. David:

They had gone up on the top of Bani's house, and "Hear my prayer, O Lord, and let my cry come there, lying on the flat, cool roof, Reuben put his unto thee. Hide not thy face from me in the day when

mouth close to Bani's ear and whispered the awful I am in trouble; incline thine ear unto me: in the

secret: Down in the valley of Hinnom stood a great, day when I call answer me speedily."(Psalm 102:1.)

golden statue, with arms like a man and with a head He waited, but no answer came. He beat his fist

like a bull. A fire burned before it constantly, and there against the stone step. He would get an answer! Jacob

the idolatrous priests gave offerings to the statue. had wrestled all night to receive a blessing from God.

Bani knew that the first commandment was "Thou He, Bani, would stay all night if necessary.

shalt have no other gods before me."When Reuben He threw himself full length upon the cold stone

proceeded to tell him even worse things, that the of the temple steps and began to pray with all the people danced around the statue, whipping and cutfervor of his soul. Surely he would receive an answer,

ting themselves, and falling down in a frenzy, Bani for the Lord never faileth.

jumped to his feet and ran down the stairs. He did not Hours later, as the light of the rising sun struck the

want to hear any more. temple, Bani staggered to his feet, redeyed and near

Now, sitting on the temple steps, Bani thought, collapse. Trembling in every muscle he went home.

Where is Reuben now? Reuben with the sparkling His mother rushed to meet him at the door. "Son!"

eyes and mischievous grin? He was in Babylon, the she cried. "What has happened?"

only one of his family to be taken. His mother had "I—I cannot—,"he croaked, and fell upon the bed,

died of grief. where blackness engulfed him. When he awoke it

There had been the terrible day when their neighwas late afternoon. His mother was sitting anxiously

bor Nathan and his two sons had come bearing Bani's beside him. She offered him a bit of bread, and he ate

father in their arms, unconscious and bleeding. it ravenously. Then hesitantly, for it was difficult to

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA put into words his bitter disappointment, he told his I must ask thee to perform the bravest act of thy life.

mother of his night's struggle and his failure to get an Tonight thou must slip out of the city and take the answer to his prayer. treasure to safety."

His mother put her arms about him. "My son, the "But what is it?"

ways of the Lord are hard for us to understand, and "Sh—sh—."She went to the window and peered out.

sometimes blessings are delayed. But remember, the "I cannot show thee now. There are people passing in

answer always comes."the street. We must wait until it is dark."

Bani nodded. "I—I shouldn't have left thee alone, As the light faded to dusk she sat by the window

Mother. It was not safe."watching and waiting. Night came on, but she did not

She smiled. "Thou art a good and faithful son. But light the lamp. Bani brought her water in a cup, and

thou and I knowest the Babylonians do not want me. she smiled her thanks. Finally they heard the guard

However, I must tell thee something. Last night the passing their door ringing his bell to announce the

soldiers entered the house of Nathan. They searched second watch. When he had gone she rose and, going

his hquse until they found a hiding place where he to a chest that stood against the far wall, brought out had secreted a bag of coins."a piece of cloth which she draped over the window.

"Yes, the Babylonians are very thorough."Poor Then she lit a lamp and, kneeling on the floor, placed

Nathan had once been strong and vigorous. His two it beside her. Bani watched in wonder as she began

sons, the pride of his heart, had fallen in battle, and working at one of the paving stones.

the sorrow had reduced him to a helpless old man. "Help me,"she said. "Use thy knife to loosen the

Bani's mother took his hand, and he was surprised stone."

to see fear in her eyes. "Son, they will come again and Bani took the knife from his belt—the knife he

will search our house."carried always now for protection—and pried up the

"But, as thou hast said, they do not want us and stone. Beneath was a hole, and in the hole was a

we have no treasure."metal box.

"But we have!"Her voice dropped to a whisper. "Now,"said his mother, "open it."

"A very great treasure! The Babylonians must not be Inside, wrapped carefully in pieces of linen, were

allowed to find it."Her grasp on his hand tightened. seven parchment scrolls.

"Listen to me, Bani. Many years ago thy father took "This is our treasure,"she whispered, folding back

something away from the temple for safekeeping. He the linen. "The precious Books of the Law written by

knew that the day would come when the house of the the hand of Moses: also the writings of the Prophet

Lord would be entered and desecrated. With my help Isaiah."

he hid the treasure, but he made me promise that, Bani looked in awe upon the ancient, precious should the need ever be great, I would see that it was parchments. "What shall I do with them, Mother?"

removed to a place of greater safety.""Thy father had many friends who believed as he

Bani was puzzled. What was his mother talking did. They have fled to a place in the desert. There

about? The temple had been filled with priceless thou must go and give them the books for safethings of solid gold. Could his father have taken some keeping. Leave the city by the east gate and travel

of them and hidden them? toward the Salt Sea."

His mother put her hands on his shoulders. "Bani, "How will I know the (Continued on page 140)

,,;.—,.

FEBRUARY 1966 GENEALOGY'S NEW SUCCESS TEAMFAMILY ORGANIZATION AND PRS

NEWS DESERETSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

IB 'Tfc. M-. *'J.t NtwfMNW tuliD**

News in Slash The Exciting * IS westGENlAiOGY peat?

*<*f

S Ssii.*"

t // J

ip 1 1.'i! 1 1 rri j i ilii'iiiiiiniM

( 4if.—rm id n 1 The exciting news GEIN EAL.0(3Y

in Genealogy the Pedigree Referral Serother PRS participants researching the same families is vice (PRS). This new as the organization. These individuals often possess

sendee offered by the Genealogical Society for both genealogical information the organization does not members and nonmembers of the Church was devised have and can supply new research leads. In addition,

to stimulate cooperation among individuals in their referrals obtained from PRS arc excellent newresearch and to encourage sharing of genealogical member prospects for organizations.

findings. Family organizations register with PRS through

The goal of PRS is to bring together individuals who their own PRS representative—a person designated by

have the same ancestry and who are performing the organization to serve in this capacity. The PRS

genealogical research on the same lines. The number representative may be the family organization's geneone objective of family organizations is the same—to alogist, family representative, or any other member

get people together who are performing research on of the organization. Upon registering, the PRS reprethe same lines. sentative is assigned a PRS number, which serves as

The genealogical programs of family organizations the organization's identification number.

greatly benefit from participation in the Pedigree Organizations register only the pedigree lines for

Referral Sendee. Through use of this worldwide which the organization is responsible for research.

service, organizations establish communications with Surnames, localities, and periods of time from the

no THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pedigree comprise the registration. After registering, If an individual discovers that for a particular

the organization is eligible to request searches in the family there is no family organization for him to join,

PRS file (known as "inquiries") for the names and he should take the lead in getting the members of addresses of other PRS participants who have registhat family together to form a family organization.

tered similar information. 1. Start an address file. The first step should be

Through PRS, family organizations may find themto compile a file of addresses of members of the selves working on the same lines as other family family—aunts, uncles, cousins, etc. Address books,

organizations. When this occurs the organizations Christmascard lists, telephone books, etc., are good

can get together and coordinate their research acsources for a start.

tivities. 2. Go visiting. As many as possible of the relatives

Throughout the world, people are increasingly bewhose names appear in the preliminary file of coming interested in learning more about their addresses should be contacted in person. During

families. Individuals want to know about the lives these visits the intent and scope of the organization

of ancestors—their occupations, accomplishments, should be discussed, and plans should begin to take

what their names were, and where they lived. In shape.

discovering ancestors individuals seem to discover 3. Write letters. Correspondence should be directed

themselves and are better able to define their own to those who cannot be visited personally. In each

goals and know what they want and expect out of instance the relatives contacted should be asked for life. As these individuals become associated with the names and addresses of other persons who may

genealogy and join family organizations, the resulting be interested in the family organization. In this manfrequent interaction with family members, through ner the file of names and addresses of all prospective

both personal contact and through correspondence, familyorganization members will continually expand.

brings on definite feelings of concern for the family 4. Arrange a meeting. A meeting should be held

and a greater appreciation of family ties. By -working to elect or appoint officers and to organize officially.

in family organizations, people become "family This can logically be done in connection with a family oriented"and feel they are a part of a.big family reunion. The most effective method, however, is

operation. to call together in a special meeting the family

Genealogical researchers the world over are strugmembers who have exhibited the most enthusiasm gling to solve research problems, starved for the toward organizing. The meeting should be sufficiently

assistance of other family members who can share advertised so that everyone who is interested will the expense and time involved and the thrills of dishave an opportunity to attend. If it is not possible

covery. PRS serves as a "dragnet"—gathering reto arrange a reunion or a special meeting, the orgasearchers into family organizations. The organizations nizing process can be handled by correspondence.

follow up by fellowshiping these researchers and coIn 1966 church members are being encouraged to ordinating their activities with those of the organizaassociate themselves with family organizations and tion. actively support their research programs. Where no

The beginning genealogist should determine if family organizations are in existence, families are family organizations are in existence for the family being encouraged to organize. Family organizations

lines he intends to research before actual research and individuals are being encouraged to participate is begun. If family organizations exist and are perin the Pedigree Referral Sendee. The success potenforming research in special areas of his pedigree, the tial of these two genealogical tools—family organizabeginner can be directed into areas where he will tions and PRS—is unlimited. Working together, the

make the most use of the time and talent he has to world's family organizations and PRS will open new offer. vistas in genealogical research, as researchers around

Cooperation in genealogical research through the the globe come in contact with one another and family organization is one of the most successful share their findings. With the support of the priestmeans of extending and proving pedigrees and comhood throughout the Church, these programs will

piling family genealogies. The family organization provide one more giant step toward family exaltation

promotes coordination of research among individuals for the children of God.

researching the same family lines, affords opportuniNOTE: Additional information pertaining to PRS

ties for specialization in research, pools time and and family organizations is available in Supplement money resources, channels wise use of resources, and B to the Genealogical Instruction Manual entitled fosters fellowship and understanding among its "Pedigree Referral Service"and Supplement C enmembers. titled "Family Organizations."

FEBRUARY 1966 111 Watch these pages each month for inspirational messages to help

IS WHEN the parents prepare the lesson together each week.

One of the secrets of a good lesson is careful and prayerful preparation. One parent said that even though it might

be midnight by the time they got to it, he and his wife planned the home evening together. Another

said that planning the home evening for the family had brought him and his wife closer than they had been in years.

IS making the time Family unity is constantly being threatened by each week to be tooutside interests and obligations. Only when you

gether. decide that this time together is vital to family HOME

You have 168 happiness will you adhere to a regular schedule hours of time each for the home evening, avoiding conflicting PPI N ESS week. In budgeting this precious time, have you appointments.

considered what big returns can come from a You first make your habits, and then your small investment of at least one hour weekly habits make you. The weekly homeevening habit

with your family? will bless your family.

BY THERIS P. ASTLE ary meeting, and the number by their eighth lesson

increased to 14.

ALL THE HOMES I They find this way of obeying their church comvisit in my home mand to study the gospel in their homes is resulting in more good from the lesson; more love, sympathy, HOME teaching are composed of couples and understanding among them as neighbors; and a

whose children are greater desire to obey all of God's commandments. PPI N ESS

married and away from home or individuals who are Since they have no children, when there is an acwidows or widowers. They have found it is more intertivity night or when a lesson is especially meant for

esting and provocative to meet as a group. So our children, they state the blessing of the lesson when

Temple Heights residents, across the road south of the applied in their adult lives and study a sermon from

Logan Temple, meet together in alternate homes each The Way to Success by Sterling W. Sill. They love

week. This they find more spiritually uplifting than Brother Sill's messages on many subjects.

studying the lessons alone, and they profit from each This was started by Brothers Horace Hunsaker and other's experiences. They sing and pray, and the one J. L. Cottle. This may be a way for others in the

in whose home they meet gives the lesson or appoints same circumstances to enjoy more thoroughly their another to give it. There were five in their first Januhome evening and relate the gospel to their lives.

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA you with your Family Home Evenings

—-N I

,/ /'ji

\ iff -7 / i wi <f 4Jm ex v --*4. \ / Jt 'J* -k

M,?/ tesJS, TI

yi

Li

K /7r) XI) (in;

v

ft \a sVv///4

FEBRUARY 1966 113 lt#il#lllil<

CONDUCTED BY THE

CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM The Significance of Beinsf BornAgain

BY ALMA P. BURTON

ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR, SEMINARIES AND INSTITUTES OF RELIGION

Man is a dual being composed of a spirit body and in this world, and eternal life in the world to come, a physical body. The spirit body is a product of pareven immortal glory.

ents who have become celestialized and who exist "For by the water ye keep the commandment; by

eternally in the resurrected state."The physical body the Spirit ye are justified, and by the blood ye are

is a product of earthly parents who are descendants sanctified...,"(Moses 6:5960.)

of Adam and Eve. This same doctrine was taught by the Lord Jesus

Adam, the first man on this earth, was taught Christ to Nicodemus. The following is the account

directly by the Lord and prepared for his mission as of that incident.

head of the human family. Among other things, he "There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicowas instructed regarding the ordinance of baptism demus, a ruler of the Jews:

and its significance: "The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto

"... inasmuch as ye were born into the world by him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come

water, and blood, and the spirit,... even so ye must from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou

be born again into the kingdom of heaven, of water, doest, except God be with him.

and of the Spirit, and be cleansed by blood, even the "Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I blood of mine Only Begotten, that ye might be sanctisay unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot fied from all sin, and enjoy the words of eternal life see the kingdom of God.

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born glory; and God had decreed that all who will not obey

when he is old? can he enter the second time into His voice shall not escape the damnation of hell. What

his mother's womb, and be born? is the damnation of hell? To go with that society who

"Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, have not obeyed His commands.

Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, "Baptism is a sign to God, to angels, and to heaven he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. that we do the will of God, and there is no other way

"That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that beneath the heavens whereby God hath ordained for

which is born of the Spirit is spirit. man to come to Him to be saved, and enter into the

"Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born kingdom of God, except faith in Jesus Christ, repenagain."(John 3:1-7.) tance, and baptism for the remission of sins, and any

In these two accounts the doctrine of baptism by other course is in vain; then you have the promise

water and confirmation of the Spirit is proclaimed in of the gift of the Holy Ghost."(Documentary History

simplicity and completeness. To be born again one of the Church, Vol. 4, pp. 554555.)

must be baptized by one having authority by being This sign and commandment which God has given immersed in water, and he must also have hands laid has been established for entrance into the celestial upon his head by those in authority that he may rekingdom for all who have reached their years of ceive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Receiving the Holy accountability. There is no other way whereby these

Ghost constitutes being born again in the true meancan gain entrance to that kingdom except by baptism ing of the term and is that which was explained by and the gift of the Holy Ghost, or as Christ declared the Lord both to Adam in the beginning and to to Nicodemus, "Ye must be born again."(See John

Nicodemus at the meridian of time. 3:7.) "Being born again,"said Joseph Smith, "comes

The Prophet Joseph Smith taught that baptism is by the Spirit of God through ordinances."(DHC,

an eternal law and a sign ordained of God to witness Vol. 3, p. 392. ) He also proclaimed the dual nature of

to angels and to heaven that men have done the will baptism in order that man may become a candidate of God. These are his words: for the celestial kingdom:

"God has made certain decrees which are fixed and "The baptism of water, without the baptism of fire immovable; for instance,—God set the sun, the moon, and the Holy Ghost attending it, is of no use; they are

and the stars in the heavens, and gave them their necessarily and inseparably connected. An individual

laws, conditions and bounds, which they cannot pass, must be born of water and the spirit in order to get except by His commandments; they all move in perinto the kingdom of God."(DHC, Vol. 6, p. 316.)

fect harmony in their sphere and order and are as And on another occasion he remarked:

lights, wonders and signs unto us. The sea also has "... except a man be born again, he cannot see

its bounds which it cannot pass. God has set many the kingdom of God. This eternal truth settles the

signs on the earth, as well as in the heavens; for question of all men's religion. A man may be saved,

instance, the oak of the forest, the fruit of the tree, after the judgment, in the terrestrial kingdom, or in the herb of the field—all bear a sign that seed hath the telestial kingdom, but he can never see the celesbeen planted there; for it is the decree of the Lord tial kingdom of God, without being born of the water

that every tree, plant, and herb bearing seed should and the Spirit."(DHC, Vol. 1, p. 283.)

bring forth of its kind, and cannot come forth after President John Taylor explained how necessary any other law or principle. Upon the same principle baptism is to give one an understanding of the things

do I contend that baptism is a sign ordained of God, of God. He stated: "... we find Nicodemus, a promifor the believer in Christ to take upon himself in nent man, a man of discernment and ability, creeping

order to enter into the kingdom of God, 'for except ye around the back door, not wishing it to be known are born of water and of the Spirit ye cannot enter that he had called upon... Jesus of Nazareth; yet

into the kingdom of God,'said the Savior. It is a sign he wished to find out something respecting Him, for

and a commandment which God has set for man to he believed that no man could do the things that He enter into His kingdom. did except God were with him. Jesus in explaining

"Those who seek to enter in any other way will seek the Gospel to him, told him that he, in order to in vain; for God will not receive them, neither will the understand His teachings and His works, would have

angels acknowledge their works as accepted, for they to be born again. Nicodemus could not appreciate this

have not obeyed the ordinances, nor attended to the saying, he knew not what the Savior meant, thinking signs which God ordained for the salvation of man, to the saying referred to a man's natural birth. The

prepare him for, and give him a title to, a celestial Savior then told him (Continued on page 142)

FEBRUARY 1S66 115 BY P. K. EDMUNDS, MD

"W****""Is any sick among you? let him call for the elders

of the church; and let them pray over him, anointing

him with oil in the name of the Lord:

t / "And the prayer of faith shall save the sick...."

(Jas. 5:1415.)

Down through the centuries since James, apostle of the Lord, thus advised the people of his day, this principle of the healing art has been used more or less frequently. And many today can testify to the efficacy thereof; and countless numbers who have lived

and died in the past have gone to the Great Beyond /T\ healthier, happier, as a result of this power. Physician XJ

and saint alike have shared in its use and in its bene- A fits, and they still do. Of this many can testify, including the writer, whose great privilege it has been

lO* to be both physician and elder and to observe the / efficacy of both these healing arts.

In making this statement I am not unmindful of

V the element of coincidence and how this has been used many times in the experience of the writer by those who would explain on this basis otherwise unexplainable healings, save it were to recognize the divine power which brought about the healing. In

fact, were some of the amazing healings with which the writer is familiar coincidence, then would I have to agree with a learned friend of mine who stated, relative to the remark that the miraculous healing of his daughter by "the prayer of faith"and "the laying on of hands"were coincidence: "If that be the case,

then the coincidence was more miraculous than the

Jf"'**- healing itself!"

Before the days of the wonder drugs, before man /:"j||;: ': 'tended to harbor the feeling akin to selfsufficiency

that the presence of these drugs tends to engender, a child two years of age was sick several days with a perplexing malady. Local consultation threw no further light upon the nature of the case, which we were

seeing for the first time, after several days of illness.

All were agreed that specialist consultation should be -r -: had promptly.

The child was taken considerable distance to the

Primary Children's Hospital. After a complete workup

it became evident that a serious intraabdominal condition existed. Surgery would have been much safer

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA at the onset of illness, days earlier. But now, what? the physician must accomplish that which God would

In the words of the surgeonconsultant, directed to have done miraculously had there been faith enough the writer: "What shall we do, P.K.? If we operate in the sick man."

we'll kill him; if we don't he'll die."This is as true today as it was then, or as it was

We went again to the room where the child lay unwhen the Great Physician so often said to him who conscious, desperately ill. A plainlooking, kindly had been healed miraculously: "Thy faith hath made

elderly man was just leaving. He saluted us and took thee whole."Why should this power be withheld

his leave. The parents were visibly relieved, calmed, today that so freely was exercised in days of old? Has

The elders of the Church had prayer over the child, not God demonstrated the dispensation of his goodness anointing his head with oil in the name of the Lord, and power profusely in this day? For are not all the

The elderly man had felt inspired to assure the skills of the surgeon, the wonder drugs of the research parents that the child would live. I'm afraid we were scientist, the art of the physician, the many new

"of little faith"by comparison. But we decided to go modalities of therapy of today but a revelation of his

ahead with the surgery. great power and wisdom to man? Should then his

We found an intussusception of the bowel at the site direct method of healing the sick and relieving the of a Meckel's diverticulum, with a foot or more of suffering, namely the prayer of faith and the minisgangrenous bowel which had to be resected. Lest one trations of the elders of the Church, be any less evibe inclined to belittle the problem and the risk, recall dent or available? Surely not!

again that this was before the day of even the sulfonTrue, God expects man to use all of the revealed amides, and when transfusion of blood was done by scientific truth at hand in the care of the sick, and it direct transfer from the donor to recipient through the would be folly to expect him to miraculously heal the agency of a score of syringes, and when the procedure sick of maladies for which he has already revealed to was uncommonly performed because of the frequent man methods by which these can be treated. Yet

reactions due to lack of refinement in typing. The medical men should recognize God's great benevolence

recovery was truly miraculous, about as "uneventful"in such revelations and continue to utilize the power as a simple appendectomy, despite unavoidable soiling of the prayer of faith as well, both in behalf of the from a perforation at the site of the "Meckel's."sick and also in behalf of the one exercising the healing

I made it a point to observe this elder thereafter and art. Both patient and physician should keep in mind

discovered that this ministration was not unique in his that it is contrary to the order and law of heaven that experiences. Many times thereafter it was my good God should do for man on earth that which man can

fortune to observe the power of healing following his do for himself.

ministrations, including one in behalf of one of my God intended that man develop his Godgiven talown family. Nor have my observations and experiences ents and capacities to the fullest; and in this day

been confined to one of these truly devout men only: more than at any other time, man is doing this, aided

the number is almost legion over the years. by a more generous outpouring of God's Spirit upon

Space will not permit further examples, though mankind, according to the word of the prophet Joel, there is no paucity of them in the memory of the who foresaw and predicted this day and age of unwriter! They return as floodwaters of recollection. I usual enlightenment, as did also others of the prophdesire to point out some thoughts of great men from ets. For man is the offspring of God in a very literal

yesteryear and the present time as well. sense, and should have and exercise godly powers, for

Centuries ago Paracelsus, the Swiss physician, they are inherent in him.

stated, "There are two kinds of physicians: Those who Shakespeare makes mention of this in his Hamlet:

heal miraculously, and those who heal through medi- "What a piece of work is a man! how noble in reason!

cine. Only he who believes can cure by miracles; and how infinite in faculty! (Continued on page 144)

FEBRUARY 1966 117 SINCE CUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

As new documents are discant. The leaders, "the Sons of the power of God's mouth at a

covered the comparative Zadok, God's chosen priests,"are time when they who have received study of the Book of Morblessed to be "perfect ornaments the blessing will go through the ( the textmon goes forward. We conin the midst of the congregation of gentiles like a young ox (?)

) trampling them down.tinue a brief glance at some the saints."The fourth blessing is is defective

of the more important also a blessing of leadership and A small almost perfectly prescrolls that have not yet promises eternal crowns and minserved fragment known as the appeared in book form nor istration in the presence of angels Tcstimonia (4Q test) contains "a been translated into English. and of a time when all things shall collection of Old Testament proofbe "discussed in common council texts"expressing "the Messianic

The fragment labelled IQSb is with the saints for time and for all expectation of the congregation."7 "

the Blessing Scroll and contains eternity (lit. 'for an eternal time Moses is told to warn the people

five blessings. 77 The first is adand for all the ages of eternity'). against apostasy, and God tells

dressed to those "who hold fast to The leader is one who is "sanctithem of a Prophet whom the Lord

God's holy covenant and are perfied among his people... a light will "raise up from the midst of

fect in walking in the ways of for all the earth in knowledge... their brethren like unto thee,"with

truth."Such language recalls Luke a diadem for the Most High; for strict admonition to heed him. ( Cf

1 and clearly indicates that the thou shalt bless Him and glorify Deut. 18:1819.) A man "whose

gospel was indeed restored to and His Name, and His saints likewise."eye is perfect"shall converse with

through those righteous few who Here we get the New Testament the Lord and see the face of the were looking forward to the Mesidea of "the light of the world."Almighty, but veiled and at a dissiah, as is so fully set forth in the The fifth blessing deals with the tance. Then "a star will arise in

Book of Mormon. 78 Here we are time when God "restores [renews] Jacob, a scepter in Israel,"to prosfurther told that God shall provide the covenant of the church [contrate Moab and the sons of Seth.

"an eternal fountain of living water gregation], that the kingdom might Then there is a strange passage for them,"that they may receive be established for his people forabout the giving of "thy Thuminstruction "in the congregation of ever and that the poor might mim and thy Urim to a man who the Saints."The third blessing receive righteous judgment and devoutly serves thee (a hasid),

(the second is badly damaged) the meek of the earth receive inwhom thou hast tested in Massah says that God shall "set a crown of struction, that they might walk and with whom thou hast had coneternal glory upon thy head, and perfectly in all his ways... to troversy by the waters of controsanctify thy seed with eternal reestablish his holy covenant for versy (Meribah)."This man, it

glory... and give thee kingship."the solace of those who seek him."would seem, parted from his

The emphasis on the importance As for the wicked world, it shall father and his mother, his brother of progeny and kingship is signifibe smitten and made desolate by and his sons, "because he kept thy

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA would imply, from the mention of

Peleg elsewhere in the Apocrypha, that Manasseh has gone beyond the sea, where he is lost in wickedness. Nahum 3:10 is interpreted as

"referring to Manasseh in the last days, when his rule over Israel shall fall,"and "his wives, his infants, and his children shall go into captivity while his heroes and noble ones perish by the sword."With a

reference to "the godless ones of

Ephraim whose cup shall pass to

Manasseh,"the fragment breaks off.

Students of the Scrolls have called attention to the image of the cup as representing suffering and martyrdom, 81 so it can mean either that Manasseh will have to

The miracle of the loaves and the fishes. drink the cup once forced on

Ephraim or that the cup which command and remained faithful and her lying tongue and false Ephraim forced on Manasseh will to thy covenant."Such men were lips—even kings, princes, priests be thrust upon him. At any rate,

the leaders of the congregations of and people... who have joined the clear identification of the Book

Qumran, who here apply the her,"in the last days there will of Mormon people with Manasseh scriptures to themselves. Note how come a change: "Many will ac- (note also the overwhelming prewell the type of refugee prophet knowledge their sins in Israel,"when dominance of the name Amon in

fits Nephi or his father, who be- "the evil deeds of all Israel will be the Book of Mormon!) should

cause of their faith left their own made known,"and "turn away make it easy for anyone to find people, were tested in the southern from their sins and view them with here all kinds of parallels to desert and on the waters, and even abhorrence because of their guilty prophecies in that book.

received the Urim and Thummim. pride and the overthrow of Judah's In the Commentary on the 37th

The Commentary on Nahum renown."Then at last "shall the Psalm (4Q pPs 37) "the congrega-

(4Q pNah) 80 begins with reference meek of Ephraim flee out of the tion at Qumran,"as Lohse notes, to the young lions raging unmidst of her congregations, and "applied the Psalm to their own opposed as representatives of God's depart from those who have led situation."82 Need we refer again

wrath against the gentiles and the her astray, and join themselves to to 1 Nephi 19:23? Psalm 37:8f is

wicked of Israel—an image that Israel."explained as "the return to the Law

occurs no less than four times in As to those who sought the of those who do not hesitate to de- 3 Nephi. Here the Qumran people smooth and flattering things, "their part from their wickedness. For all

apply Nahum 2:12 to their own counsel shall fail and their congrewho do hesitate... will be destime: the "greedy priests at Jegation be dispersed, and they shall troyed."Verse 9 "refers to the conrusalem"are protagonists in a not continue to lead the congregagregation of the Chosen who do

struggle in which the opposition of tions astray, and the meek and his will,"and verse 11 to "the con- "opposing groups is depicted as a simple will no longer sustain their gregation of the Poor, who have contest between Ephraim and counsel."Nahum 3:8—"Art thou accepted the time of probation

Manasseh."There is a vivid debetter, than NoAmon?"—is exand who will be saved from all the

scription of the falling away of plained as meaning that "Anion is pitfalls of Belial. Verses 14 and 15

Ephraim, who will "seek after Manasseh, and the rivers are the "refer to the godless of Ephraim smooth things in the last days, and great and noble ones of Manasseh."and Manasseh... in the time of

walk in falsehood and deceit,"as Manasseh is to profit by the probation [testing]; but God has

a result of which "the sword of the weakness of Ephraim at the time rescued them [the Saints] from

Gentiles will not depart from the when the humble of Ephraim betheir hand."The righteous of verse

midst of her congregation."gin to repent. Next we find that 17 are "they who return to the

But after Ephraim has led many Manasseh had joined "the wicked wilderness, who shall dwell a thouastray "through deceptive doctrine hosts, the house of Peleg,"which sand generations in Israel and with

FEBRUARY 1966 119 their seed inherit the whole earth ness and the godless priest who not forget the companion pieces to forever"; they shall also be spared sought his death but on whom God the Dead Sea Scrolls. What has

the famines and plagues of the last will wreak vengeance in the end, Nag Hammadi to say on the subdays. Verse 20 refers both "to his as (v. 34) "the congregation of the ject? Here again we have the

Chosen Ones who shall be the Poor behold the condemnation of library of a devout body of secheads and leaders,"and to the the wicked, his Chosen People who taries, preserved by the sands of wicked leaders of the opposition will rejoice in his inheritance."the desert; but these people, instead

"who shall pass away as smoke and As they increase in number and of looking forward only to the wind,"while (v. 21f) "the congretend to be taken for granted, we coming for the Messiah, look both

gations of the Poor... shall inare apt to forget just how remarkforward and back, since, as we

herit the earth... possess the high able these prophecies are, coming learn from Justin's Dialogue, that

mount of Israel and rejoice in its as they do to us directly "in their is the basic difference between Jew

Temple."Next these things are purity"from the hands of Jews who and Christian. Both situations are

applied to the contemporary feud lived long before Christ. found in the Book of Mormon,

between the Teacher of RighteousLight from Egypt. But we must however, and the Nag Hammadi

writings deal with the second phase, and more particularly with the activity of the Lord among men after his resurrection. This is a

of luck, since the stroke great most "HE CAN WHO THINKS HE CAN"of part striking the daring and

Book of Mormon is that dealing with the appearance of Christ to

RICHARD I. EVANS the Nephites after the crucifixion. How do the two versions compare?

Long remembered from years back was a book with an intriguing title: Recently this writer went

Thinks so content remember, Can. TheHe Can He much Who we do not

recall the titlebut of faith the because an indication and courthrough all available early Chrisit was we age and confidence required for accomplishment. "He can who thinks tian writings dealing with the

he can."It could apply to almost any endeavor—to developing talents, activities of the Lord during the

to improving performance, to learning, overcoming habits, repenting, forty days after the resurrection even to moving toward perfection—toward it, if not to it. It is, in its and found that with all their

a of inner restatement resources ourown way, and suggests what a pseudo gnostic corruptions they allperson the can necessity under do of trying wonderful to do when he is something for himself. Two men may be ill with apparently somewhat have four things in common, these

the same physical resources, one with a will to live and one without, and things being demonstrably the with an opposite outcome. Doctors have observed it often. The difference original Christian tradition—what

between two athletes may not be altogether physical; there may be an remains after all the speculations

added element of spirit, of will, of morale, with the determination to and embellishments and fabricasucceed, to excel. accomplish think they can, they because much Many

faithbecause they habits are tions have been drained off. The have they because break they can. Many

convinced they can. The discriminating courage to say no at the right four things are (1) insistence on

time and yes at the right time is of great consequence. Those who move secrecy, (2) emphasis on the

forward are those who have faith, who have confidence they can. The limited sojourn of the Church

courage to undertake good but difficult things and to see them through upon the earth at that time, (3) is of character. a great quality to to learn, us The Lord use our meant God

intelligence, to solve for to to ourselves, our problems, face decide up bodies of doctrine, and (4) rites to facts. "The spirit of selfhelp,"said Samuel Smiles, "is the root of all and ordinances that differ substangenuine growth in the individual; and, exhibited in the lives of many, tially from the teachings and rituals

it constitutes the true source of national vigor and strength."1 "It is no of conventional Christianity. These

best,'use saying our doing Churchill. 'We are "said Winston "You Christ's four things characterize

inhave got to succeed is necessary."doing what for a young 2 "The way teaching postresurrectionalman to rise,"said Abraham Lincoln, "is to improve himself every way in the

he can, never suspecting that anybody wishes to hinder him."3 With Book of Mormon as well; but since

will, with wanting to, with believing in ourselves, and with believing we cannot here examine a score of in the help that can come from outside ourselves, "He can who thinks Coptic texts, we may take as a he can."sampling a writing which no less an

authority than Origen claims to be 1Samuel Smiles, Self Help.

2Winston Spencer Churchill. older than the Gospel of Luke, and

Attributed to Abraham Lincoln.

which was accepted by Christians "The Spoken Square, presented Word,"from Temple over KSL and the Columbia as perfectly orthodox down to theBroadcasting System, 1965. 24, 1965. October Copyright

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA time of the patristic writers. that will truly fill them. ( Cf. 3 Neseem to be here confused with the

Discovered in 1913 it is called phi 20:8.) Next "Jesus took the Sacrament. The identity, it is now

the Gospel of the Twelve Apostles bread, prayed over it, giving praise known, is intentional: a number of

and survives only in Coptic, being and thanks, and then divided it, scholars, especially Roman Cathoof the same period and locale as giving it to the Apostles that they lic, have recently called attention our Nag Hammadi books. 83 It premight pass it to the multitude"to the close connection of the loaves

sents a characteristic confusion of (cf. 3 Nephi 18:3-4), announcing and fishes miracle with the Sacraevents before and after the resurthat "he to whom I have not given ment, noting that the feeding of the

rection, but this presents no great a share of the bread with my hands multitude was actually an ordiproblem since it is universally is not worthy to partake of my nance. 85 The passing of the Sacraconceded that the Lord repeated flesh.... This is a mystery of the ment by the Twelve and their

many things as he spent forty days Father with regard to the distribuadministering to the people in off and on teaching the things of tion of my flesh."(Cf, 3 Nephi twelve separate bodies (Cf. 3

the kingdom. (Cf. Acts 1:3.) The 18:27ff.) Nephi 19:5) is a significant detail.

point is that there are conspicuous Note that the loaves and fishes Recently A. Adam has shown that

aspects of the story which can be confirmed by the "fortyday"literature in general and the Book of

Mormon in particular.

Fragment 2 of the socalled Gos- I THE pel Apostles&i begins the Twelve of SPOKEN THE MEANING OF DIGNITY WORD i "the brethren"informingby who want to know "how things really were"that "as long as Jesus was upon the earth he continued to eat RICHARD L. EVANS

with his Apostles on an earthly

There is a word in our language that could well be currently considered, table, pointing their minds forward a word not often talked of, but one of much meaning. The word is

to the table in his kingdom, for the "dignity."In dictionary definition it is associated with character and

things of this world he counted as quality, intrinsic worth, nobleness, honor, excellence. These are words

nothing."The language here is of much meaning. As children of God, made in his own image, how

typically postresurrectional. The would the human race ever fail to carry the quality of dignity? Nor can

writer tells how Jesus wanted his oneThis imaginedoes notthemeanSaviorstiffoformankindstrained informality,any othernotrole"front"than orthat"frumpiness"of dignity.

apostles to be one, "and used to or artificiality or longfaced living, but a naturalness and happiness and pray to his Father for them, 'that ease of approach—respect without aloofness—the respect which everyone

they might be one even as we are is entitled to and has an obligation to give all others. And in a day of

one. extremes, of fads, of looseness and lack of restraint and lack of respect

well could this quality of dignity emphasize so easily which law, we After a lacuna we see Thomas at for itself.qualities associates with honor and honesty of character. and high

the Lord's behest bringing him five There is both dignified and undignified humor. There is raucous, loudloaves and two fishes, while Anmouthed humor, uncouth humor. There is evil, offensive humor. And

drew protests the inadequacy of there is highminded, wonderful, delightful humor. There is the dignity

the fare: "Bring them to me,"says of cleanliness and tasteful grooming and the careless indignity of unthe Lord in reply, "and there will kempt hair and clothes and acts and attitudes. There are undignified

extremes contrasted with modest good taste. Extremes are seldom dignibe enough.'As in the New Testafied, seldom durable, seldom really sensible. "When we go too far it is selment and the Book of Mormon, the dom in the right direction."1 Included in dignity is the question of courtesy.

people have been three days in the Emerson said: "Life is not so short but that there is always time enough

desert with nothing to eat—albeit for courtesy."2 Discourtesy is always undignified. Sin is never dignified,

under very different circumstances. but leads to depravity of soul. We come back to this basic fact: that men

Still the situation is a type and an should respect themselves, should respect one another, and should respect their relationship to God, to truth, to law, and should respect image. Before he blesses the bread whatever lifts men's lives, and should shun whatever lowers men's lives.

and fish, Jesus holds intimate con- "If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report..., we [should]

versation with a little child (cf. seek after these things"3—with dignity and happiness and honor and

3 Nephi 26:14 and 17:llff), after honesty.

which he explains to the multitude Arnold Glasgow, Freeport, Illinois.

that what they are about to enjoy Attributed3Joseph Smith,to Emerson.Articles of Faith, xiii.

is a special providence which they must always remember and a meal "TheBroadcastingSpoken System,Word,"fromOctoberTemple31, 1965.Square,Copyrightpresented1965.over KSL and the Columbia

FEBRUARY 1966 121 >STIMU LAT IN G READING this division into twelve bodies was FROM OESERET ROOK an essential part of the old Jewish rite of the shewbread of which the

Christian Sacrament was a continuation—as it is in the Book of 1 THE TESTIMONY OF PRES. HEBER J. GRANT

Mormon. 86 $1.75

that those blesses the bread Jesus by Gerrit Jr. de Jong,

The "that will eat -erf President find Testimony Everyone be filled, of it may this uplifting insight into the life who i HEBBR beliefs of of and an unPresident Heber glory in receive J. Grant might Son Thy grant spiritual usually experience. of a prophet Here was hast that those Thee; whom thou

a truly with understanding remarkable God of human taken out of the world might obey

.. a nature to his people. special mission. and

him."The reference to being taken

out of the world occurs also in the other oldestknown prayer on the 2 WITH SUGAR AND SPICE Sacrament—that in the Didache—

$3.95 while the element of obedience is

by Daryl V. Hoole and Donette V. Ockey important in the prayer on the

Saint to addition every Latterday home An of in the Mormon: Book bread to library guide an indispensable many home important—and

.. keep his "... that they may. letspirit will the situations. appreciate Children and

ter of the advice contained in "With Sugar and commandments which he hath

Spice."Coauthored by Daryl V. Hoole given them... "(Moroni 4:3.)

Then, we are told, "all the people ate and were filled; whereupon

they praised God."(Cf. 3 Nephi

5 WHEN YOU SPEAK IN CHURCH 20:9: "Now, when the multitude

$3.95 had all eaten... they were filled

by Emerson R. West

find this You'll a handy guide to more effective talks with the Spirit; and they did cry

in Church... how to give meaning and purpose out with one voice, and gave glory

and power to your sermons. Every member of the to Jesus....")

Church should absorb the message of WHEN YOU (To be continued).HflmnA SPEAK IN CHURCH.

I FOOTNOTES ""Text and discussion in D. Barthelemy

in the Judaean Milik, Discoveries and J. T.

Coupon I, 118130. (Oxford, Desert 1955), ClipDESERET BOOK COMPANY Thoughts, p. 151, Second Bruce, 7SF. F. Salt So. Temple, 44 E. Lake City, Utah

Please send books me link them and that "piety hope I notes 1 circled 3 enclose have with of (the characters 1) rather Luke full cost check, order12the followingfor the money plus tax of 3 Utah state!/2%,

S bill please Or tteseretCOM V A N Y Book me totalfor 'sectarian'stream of nationalJudaism religion."than withCf. theDupontmain

AT 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND COTTONWOOD MALL same amount. Sommer, Manuscrits de la Mer Morte, CITY SALT LAKE

2472 WASHINGTON BLVD.. OGDEN Name p. 201.

777 SO. MAIN ST.. ORANGE. CALIFORNIA Address 79Lohse, op. cit., p. 249. The text is in

City.. the same handwriting as the Manual of

State. Zip Discipline, according to J. Allegro, who

reproduces the text in Journal of Biblical

Feb. 66, Era Literature, 75 (1956), pp. 182-7.

soComplete photographs of the texts are supplied by J. Allegro, in journal of

304-8. Studies, 7 (1962), pp. SemiticS1 Treasure Allegro, the Copof The J.

City: Doubleday, Scroll 11 rr per (Garden

1960), p. 72. BURNED OUT 82For the fullest discussion, H. Stege-

( 1963 ) REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY pp.mann235270.in Revue de Qumran, 4

S3The text is discussed by E. Revillout

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, in Patrologia Orientalis, 2:123130, where

with tremendous added expense before you find theS4A11text theis reproduced,material herepp. 131184.discussed is

another. found ibid., pp. 132143.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance calffiG,Studies,H. Boobyer,N.S. 3 in(1953),Journalpp.of Theologi161-171,

to cover today's higher values. and A. M. Farrer in the same journal,

4 (1953), pp. 1-14.

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY zeitung,80A. Adam,88 (1963),in Theologischepp. 1019. LiteratnrHEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN PAYS $100 WEEKLY..

even for life to Nondrinkers and NonSmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are harmful. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call.

Starting the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

hospitalization sickness, use of caused by or do smoke not drinkYou TODAY! THIS DO

else narcotics. everything liquor or On Fill application below out mail right and for so pay premiums why fully low amazingly you're protected—at will approval, policy away. be your Upon those do? who rates! mailed. at begins promptly Coverage noon see in day newspaper your youEvery effective policy. of dedate Don't on your 3. for loss benefits evidence that drinking smoking and Othermore lay. enter 50,000 people Every almost day life. ofshorten America's They're one now of 90 accident days within hospitals. protection get your So now. cause primeleading health problems—a in policy). (as $2000 described pay We hospitalirates theof high premium most accidental for death. cash $2000 cash Or

policies charge.zation foot, of or sight loss of for hand, one one GUARANTEE MONEYBACK

loss for carefully. of policy Read both mineye. your overyour $6000 cash Ask one Or rates are based your on Our ister, lawyer doctor examine sure and Be feet. or eyes, hands, both both

it it provides exactly say Then, what towe health, superior all at satisif reason for not are any you 100%does.it. nonsmoker. a nondrinkeras and The to just us back within mail your policy invite 30 close comparison We

will immediately fied,days and enwe your refund HospitalizaAmerican Temperancenew plan. other with any tire questions asked. premium. can You No offer unbelievably lowtion can Plan you dollars. gain risk thousands nothing...you of is like ours. other Actually, comBut no drinkersrates accept not because do we

save. rates. See what pare you rates. Also, cause high smokers,and who

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many TEAR OUT AND MAIL TODAY BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE claims. Only a general rate adjustment

affect low rates. could or your downup

policy. only can cancel your youAnd We ApplicationExecutiveto BuckinghamOffices, Libertyville,Life InsuranceIllinoisCompany AT100cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT)

I. You receive $100 cash weekly StreetCounty or RD # -City. State -Zip.

TAX FREEeven for life, Age Date of Birth.

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation Height.Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY BIRTH DATE on hand fast. No limit on number of times I.

you collect. 2.

2. Sickness and accidents are 3.

covered. 4.

except pregnancy, any act of war or milipre-existing accidentstary service, or andTo thefreebestfromof anyyourphysicalknowledgeimpairment,and belief,or disease?are you andYesall membersNo listed above in good health

To the best of your knowledge, have you or any member above listed had medical advice or

IMPORTANT: include your first premium with application. treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

If so, please give details stating person affected, cause, date, name and address fully recovered. LOOK AT THESE Yesof attendingNo physician,p and whether

AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each adult 1959 pays $080 $38 Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply

Each adult 6069 pays $590 $59 forpriora topolicyits effectivebased ondate,the andunderstandingthat the policythat istheissuedpolicysolelydoes andnot entirelycover conditionsin relianceoriginatingupon the written answers to the above questions.

Each adult 70100 pays $790 $79 Date: Signed:X.

child Each under and pays1 8 $2 80 5 28 ATIATMail this application with your first premium to 5082

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYING YEARLY!

AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

FEBRUARY 1966 123 FATHERS AND SONS ANDTHEIR PRIESTHOOD

Any Sunday morning one may see men and boys rewarding experiences. On these trips fathers and

walking toward the ward meetinghouse. They are on sons do find companionship; often the boy feels that

their way to priesthood meeting, a distinctive meethe is becoming a man, sharing a man's experiences.

ing held for those who hold the priesthood. The Yet, fathers who fail to take their sons to priesthood

meeting is for boys and men alike, for boys may hold meeting miss frequent opportunities that are theirs the priesthood too. to be close to their sons by activity in the priesthood.

Many men of many churches walk toward the The weekly walk (or ride) to priesthood meeting church of their faith for meditation, instruction, or is but one of several opportunities to teach and talk worship. However, they do not have the opportunity about the priesthood. Another great opportunity is

to do what those in the Church of Jesus Christ may the family home evening. This evening under the

do. This privilege—for privilege it is—has to do with priesthood becomes a weekly laboratory for the

the relationship between a man and his own sons. practice of family relationships. Here again a father

Where else in the land can a father say to his son, has the opportunity to "walk"with his son who, like "It's time for us to go to priesthood meeting"? him, holds the priesthood.

Together they leave the house; together they enter The wise father will create opportunity for his son

the car; or if near enough to the building, together to do things involving his priesthood during the

they walk to priesthood meeting. It is not often that family evening. He will plan with his son the evethe adult interests of a man and the adolescent inning's program. He will give the boy opportunities to

terests of a boy come together and run parallel. Fifty conduct the family meetings, directing all members

years ago when life was more simple and more rural, in the events of the evening, and he will be obedient men and boys often found common purpose; but as to his son's direction during that period. The father

the world became more mechanical, and life more can approach the son's level because they both posurban, interests became fewer, until now the things sess this priceless gift. They hold the priesthood. No

fathers and sons do together become few indeed. magic formula, no opensesame ever invented by

At the age of twelve a boy enters the priesthood, men, has the potential power to open a boy's heart and often his father ordains him to the office of a to his father as has this power given of God to fathers deacon. This boy has not yet become adolescent. He and sons. So simple is its application that most of us

is easily led into companionship. In this activity, overlook it. Then later we wonder where our influevery Sunday, year in year out, the father will have ence over our boys was lost.

a few moments to share with his son the benefits of Father and son, Melchizedek Priesthood and holding the priesthood. This is purely a manboy Aaronic Priesthood, man and boy—these are three

relationship. Mother is left to care for the smaller phases of a relationship which build a father and

children, while these two "menfolks"sally forth tohis sons into an operating team in that most basic gether. In the hundred weeks before the pressures unit of the Church, the home.

of puberty become great, a father can cement a reThe Father of us all gave dignity to a word; lationship which will make the remaining three He called his Firstborn in the spirit, and hundred or more weeks until manhood a pleasure to

Onlybegotten in the flesh, "Son."

enjoy, rather than something to endure. It is a wise

They were one. father who walks with his son to priesthood meeting

and makes it an occasion for their manto-man talks. This is the pattern given by the Lord:

Many fathers find pleasure in planning and exeWe call our first (and second too) born cuting fishing and hunting trips with their sons. Boy "Son."And if we do it well

These, at best, often happen once a year. They are We shall be one.

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tlu> thwsidiuy ttislutprivs thuja

Don J. Fife, bishop of the It was apparent that these people needed

Atlanta (Georgia) Second first of all to confess their feelings * Ward, is a Utah native, to our Heavenly Father in the presence of one filled a mission in Denanother. By so expressing their pettiness

mark, has been a membefore him and feeling his greatness, they could ber of the bishopric and better reflect upon their differences and stake clerk in Atlanta and a member of view them from a different perspective.

They next needed the lessons as provided in the the high council in Cincinnati Stake.

Family Home Evening Manual. Before I left

that night, the mother was asked not to file

Not long ago we heard that a wife and for divorce. The father was asked to promise

mother (we will call her Mrs. Jones) was that he would lead his family in prayer

planning to bring divorce proceedings against each day. Both parents were asked to

her nonmember husband the very next day. participate in weekly family home evenings.

In visiting the family and discussing the A few days later the father called to thank me problem, it was learned that their differences and to report that they were following his were petty and had been magnified out advice and that the Jones household was of proportion in their minds. Mrs. Jones was running smoothly.

quick to state that her husband was As the weeks rolled on, the family began boisterous, boastful, unteachable, and coming to church more often. The husband,

selfcentered. She further declared that he was who for years had been unwilling to listen to

unattentive to his family. On the other hand, the teachings of the Church, invited the

Mr. Jones countered loudly that his wife was stake missionaries into his home to study

wasteful, not understanding, and uncooperative. the gospel with him. Soon he was baptized.

**..ulu:n tju utHi in flu* surrivu 00f your fallow hviuys...

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Orlin Charles Munns, bishtip of I challenged her to test the Lord's ability

San Marino (California) Ward is a native to bless her, assuring her that from her of Utah. He has served the Church in remaining ninetenths after the payment of

teaching assignments, as her tithing, she would be able to do and stake Sunday School procure more than from her original tentenths, superintendent, and as that it was better for her to pay her full bishop's counselor. This tithing and to be short, securing church welfare

is the second time he has aid, if necessary, than being a part tithe payer.

been privileged to serve Having felt the sustaining influence of God as bishop. during the recent death of her husband, and

recalling the strength of her early teaching and testimonies she had heard, she

Some years ago a widow who had returned readily covenanted that she would trust in to full church activity after the death the Lord for her economic sustenance.

of her husband sought a temple recommend. Subsequent interviews were the kind that

In humility and sincerity she challenged me gave spiritual strength and vigor to the as her bishop to show her how she could bishop; her smile from the congregation or

possibly pay tithing on her meager income and across the hall thereafter revealed, as did her continue to subsist. Even with a carefully testimony, the economic miracle she

prepared and considered budget, she encountered. Not only did she have enough

barely squeezed out an existence from her money to meet her needs, she received

Social Security and modest check received from unexpected gifts, dividends, and other the former employer of her deceased husband. blessings, and truly the windows of heaven

I bore her my testimony of my full were opened and blessings poured out conversion to tithing many years ago. upon her.

e>f yW\vJm

\\\W4

i/#* ###v* "##/#/ hi tlu* survive* 00f jr/wtr f*o#//* MOSIAH 2:17

FEBRUARY 1966 127 jfCThese magic words open the door to happiness an answer.

whether the receiver is four or twentv times four. 2. Suit the time of the party to its theme and also

Parties can be fun and a joy even to the hostess if to the age of the guests. Morning parties are best for

someone uses foresight, takes the time to invite conchildren five years of age and younger.

genial guests, plans ahead, and does most of the work 3. Never let a party die of exhaustion. Set a time

before the day of the party. limit and keep to it. Tinytot parties should never be

A small envelope delivered by the postman is a longer than one hour and a half, preferably just one much more exciting and glamorous way to be invited hour. Older children's parties are best under two

to a party than just to receive a call over the phone. hours. Even for teenagers, party time is best limited

There is a thrill when this invitation arrives well in to three hours or less. It is always better for a party

advance of the day of the party. The excitement of to break up when everyone is having a wonderful

anticipation is half the fun of any party. time.

A children's party can leave a house looking as if 4. It is almost humanly impossible for one adult

a cyclone had hit, tots with upset stomachs, and a to put on a children's party alone. Ask dad, or better

mother ready to fall on her face shrieking, "Never still, a congenial woman friend to help; then when

again."Or a children's party can be a delight when refreshments are being prepared in the kitchen, the

the hostess puts into effect these ten simple steps. young ones are not left alone.

1. Always send the invitation by mail, at least ten 5. Schedule every minute of a child's party. Start

days ahead of the party. Clearly note the date, time, the games as soon as the guests arrive and move from

place, and kind of party; also ask specifically for one game to another. Save the best one for last.

I ft

6. If you want to be a relaxed hostess, and this is These were used to collect goodies and carry home

possible even at a party with a dozen youngsters prizes and were a huge success.

present, set the stage well. Hold the party outdoors, 8. Plan refreshments to match the theme of the

in a family room, or in a playroom on the lower floor. party and also the age of the guests. Children like

These rooms are designed for activity, and usually the familiar foods. A child's party is no place to

nothing in them is breakable. If you must use your introduce exotic new foods. Do not experiment with

living room, arrange it attractively; but remove any- a new recipe, especially if it is highly seasoned and

thing that will break, tip over, or mar. One mother, of an unusual consistency. The most successful rewho had an almost white carpet in her living room, freshments are served at lunch or suppertime. The

had the children remove their shoes as they entered mothers of the guests will be delighted if their and put on paper slippers. The young ones loved it youngsters are not stuffed with rich, sweet food

and so did her carpet and also her nerves. She said between meals. Simplicity of service and also of eating

it was amazing how the noise was muted. is best. If a food is gooey the child will end up a

7. Play simple games, ones easy to explain so everysticky mess. If the food has to be mixed and formed

one can join in the fun. Prizes are important; they and arranged at the last minute before serving, the

do not need to be expensive, but they should be hostess mother will be a nervous wreck, and the plentiful. Every child should have something to take children will not enjoy the refreshments any more

home with him. Before her party one mother obtained than if they were simple to eat and to serve. Small

shiny, brightly colored paper bags, one for each guest, children use their fingers so you might as well serve and printed each little person's name on his bag. finger food: sandwiches, (Continued on page 131)

/ L/ObLCVUL TODAYS FAMILY/FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

HUMh a -: A. 'J

Wonder what to serve when you have friends in?

Why not tryPostum?

Instant I IT'S CONTAGIOUS BY HARRIET CARLSON E R E A L beverage Have you ever noticed how about me, it might be true."Pretty

is catching? One girl in your soon your friend is apt to say, No Caffein anger

crowd becomes angry, and soon "Well, I didn't exactly mean that."

,;, everyone is upset. When someone Find something to agree on and

else is angry there's no point in your quarrelsome friend will begin matching their mood. That's not to see your side of the argument.

much fun for anyone. Instead you If someone is exploding with

can help to control the situation. anger at you, look at him directly.

Here are some tips that can help An evasive, shifting look usually halt that controversy before it gets increases the other person's annoyout of hand. ance because he feels you are not

First, and this is important, taking his anger seriously enough.

seriously speak softly. voices Solemnly look him and always Loud

Flavorful, hearty Postum increase face. anger. squarely in raise the Don't your

just naturally encourages voice. Just speak more and more Few people can talk, think, and

good talk among friends. softly. This will help when tempers be angry at the same time. SomeMade with pure, flare between you and a brother thing has to go, and generally it is

energyfood ingredients or sister. When they find themthe anger. So let the other person

and no caflein, selves shouting while you are talk himself out. Don't add fuel to

quietly. his tirade. in soft speaking Listen wellmodulated

StallPostum gives you a natural lift. tones, for time. will they Cough. Ask to be soon realize how

You can drink all you like. ridiculous they. sound. They will excused for just a moment. Say as

If you haven't tried probably drop their voices, too, little as possible. Every storm

Instant Postum lately, and soon you can have a calm, wears itself out, so stall for time you're missing a satisfying, reasonable discussion instead. and say little.

bracing drink. Try to find a way to agree on However, if you should be the

something with your opponent. If one who is being roused to fury,

You'll enjoy its natural lift. your best friend has just made a postpone being angry until tomorThe Natural Lift scathing remark about you, you row. Promise yourself you'll work

might say, "I hate to hear you say up a really unforgettable tantrum

Send name and address that because I've always considtomorroiu—but always be sure it's

forfree Postum recipes to: ered you an excellent judge of tomorrow.

Postum Recipes, people. But if you feel that way Never do it today!

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (Continued from page 129) carrot and celery sticks, chips, soup in mugs, and desserts in containers such as ice cream cones. I

remember going to a birthday party with a son and daughter ages four and two. The mothers

stayed in the living room while the children were served at a long table in the dining room. The

hostess called me in to see what had happened to my children. The

boy had both servings of ice cream in front of him, and the girl had two large pieces of cake in front of her. He liked ice cream and she

liked cake, so without any assistance they had made their own adjustments. Children at a party

eat what they like; that is part of

the enjoyment of the party.

insist that children at a 9. Don't TV Pearsonality plates.party clean Leave up their

all such discipline to their mothers Become acquainted with movie, TV, and Broadway personalities at If child as not does a act home.

talks Deseret Pearson, your via Howard News host. Howard should, use a positive approach.he

the stars with candidly reviews the world and critically of show saying, ofInstead stop "Johnny, biz. daily Pearson Read in your Howard this instant,"say,that "Johnny we

need a leader over here; you are

it."Change his activity from wrong DESERET NEWS

to right. 10. Give each child a chance to

thank you personally for the good time he has had. If he has not

been taught at home to do this, let him know in some way that this is A FULL part of going to a party. One a

mother, at the end of the party, LONGsettled all the children in a circle, CARRIAGE ELECTRIC TYPEWRITER and they played a game of "thank you."Each in turn said "thank

you"for something that had hap00 *12 00pened at the party. One said, $202 a month

"Thanks for the pink ice cream"; TERMS

another, "I liked the candy hearts, thanks"; still another, "Thanks for

my red sack."RENT IT

TRADE IN FOR ONLY THOUGHTS ON PARTY YOUR OLD $12 A MONTH

THEMES FOR TINY TOTS TYPEWRITER SMITHCORONA MODEL 215 (3 Month Apply)

AND FOR BIGGER WITH YOUR CHOICE OF TYPE

BOYS AND GIRES Just Perfect for All Genealogy Work

Nursery Rhyme Party ( 3- to 6-yearUse this handy order form olds) Please ship S.C.M. 215 TW in.. type

Invitations—in the shape of a elite pica

candlestick and holder. C.O.D OPEN ACCT: RENTAL:

(Name of person invited) be nimble To: (Name of person invited) be Name Street City, State quick We ship freight prepaid, please give credit reference if shipped on open acct. or

(Name of person invited) jump rental. 10% down payment. 90 days at no interest or use 12 months to pay acct.

over to my house and click!

1000 High JonesMary Lane ALL MAKES TYPEWRITER CO. to noon Morn—10 Monday

Please reply CORNER SECOND SOUTH AT STATE - SALT LAKE CITY 3284941 - Park at Grant's

MAIL ORDERS ACCEPTED

FEBRUARY 1966 131 Meet each child at the door with a crown made of cardboard on which a nurseryrhyme name is printed, such as Jack Be Nimble,

Humpty Dumpty, Jill, Mother Goose, Pumpkin Eater, Mother Hubbard, Mary Mary Quite Contrary, Little Bo Peep, Jack Horner, etc. Begin the games by having

each of the little guests act out the name on his crown. Other entertainment could be singing nursery

rhymes, reading Mother Goose stories. Nursery relay races are fun.

Line the children in two rows.

Have them, one at a time, hop down the room and jump over an unlighted candlestick and hop back to the one next in line, etc.

slipper Cinderella race could in he's chances business on A are he got why not. If the jump And follow. slippers highheel With his personal his competition with rugged economy For DATSUN.

transportation the versatile DATSUN is fun to drive, easy to park. placed at the end of the room, a

DATSUN Carries up to 2,000 lbs. in its big 6 ft. bed (or camper top) 4-spd., child from each line crawls down

full shift, engine, floor 1300cc heater powerful synchromesh, are, & to the slippers puts where one tires, interior, vinyl torsionbar defrosters, are suspension WSW it on, place and hops back to on terrific all of this of Pickup. price part the delivered DATSUN

$1,655 plus lie, tax, D & H. the next in line, who wears the

slipper down the room hopping and crawls back, etc. To add to

the fun of any party, picture taking with an "instant"camera is tops.

These snapshots could go home in

For information write DATSUN Box 191, Gardena, California the party bag with other souvenirs.

Party Food

Paper accessories are always colorful and practical for children's parties. Set the table with

paper mats in the shape of big colorful balloons. (A real balloon

of the same color could be tied to the back of each child's chair.)

Paper cups, napkins, and plates more than 270 courses in home study. finish the practical decorations.

Here is an opportunity to continue your Menu education at your own convenience and in your own home. The teaching is personal and Date bread and creamcheese

individual. sandwiches (cut into finger

shapes Chips and carrot curls Pink punch Write today for further Ice cream in cones with flat botinformation and a free catalog. toms. HOME Top the ice cream with a candle

and light the candles one at a time. STUDY Let each little person make a wish

Brighom Young and blow out the flame.

University Provo, Utah STATE ZIP CODE. Woolly West Party (7- to 10year-

olds)

Invitations—use bright cardboard

OF H G circles with a different ranch one. of perbrand on each (NameSECRETS YOu Elr MUSIC BUY, SELL, TRADE OLD L.D.S. This MoneySaving Way t, is celebrating party) son giving

YES!self TeachPiano, yourGui- BOOKS, PAPERS, PAMPHLETS Come and Help Corral

tar,ment—evenANY instruif you Millennial Press Book Exchange Some FUN

note a Course proven nowl Famous don't knowit pieces right easy actual makes A-B-C. Play P. O. Box 635 away. FREE BOOK.as U.S. MUSIC, OF SCHOOL

California Los Angeles, 90272Studio, Port 1202 Y. Washington, N. 11050

(Est. 1898 Lie. N. Y. State Educ. Dept.) Tear out ad.

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ATTENTION BISHOPS GENEALOGY PROBLEMS???Next Wednesday from 4 to 6 p.m.

Lazy Brown Ranch 222 2nd Ave. ZIONS COLOR INC.

Come dressed as a cowboy. RSVP

As the guests arrive tag each one HAS A PROGRAM WHICH with a sheriff's badge. Play relay CAN PUT A

games (outof-doors if possible) using a cap pistol as the starting pistol couldgun. This cap also be <3o f iememfcntemftraitce twirling a lariatthe prize. Hold

contest. A fun relay game is one

where the sides line up and at the IN EVERY HOME signal two contestants run 30 feet to a wooden sawhorse, mount it, 299i West 3500 South shoot a cap pistol, and run back to Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 2983491 place. Just before supper is served

have the group sit in a circle and play charades of "something that could happen in the wild, woolly Your kitchen stays TRAVEL INSTITUTE TOURS

West."SUPT. JOHN C. JOSEPHSON cleaner when you

Chow 1966 Baked beans—ham in rolls JuneHill JulyCumorahAugustPageantand SeptemberTours

Carrot and celery sticks Dairy nog Mexico—Book of Mormon Lands Tours

Chuckwagon cake with ice cream June July August and September

Serve the supper on tin plates June July AugustHawaii OctoberFun Toursand Decemberand the drink in tin cups, each with ELECTRIC

Tours Calgary—Canadian—Northwestits own special brand (use nail Nothing is cleaner June and Julypolish as a branding iron). Thechuckwagon cake is a huge sheet than a kilowatt—no Western River Trips

cake cut into large squares. Each products of combusMay June July August and September

square is "branded"with frosting. Utah Scenic Tours

A scoop of ice cream is served on June July and August the side. European Tours

Hot Dairy Nog June August and September 2 cans consomme TRAVEL INSTITUTE TOURS

Equal quantity water -/X For Adult and Youth 1 quart milk, heated Chopped parsley 278 East 9th South

Whipped cream, not sweetened Salt Lake3643935City, Utah

Dash of nutmeg See the smart new Combine the consomme and water and bring to a boil. Add the electric range models

well. stir While and milkhot at your dealer's now.

IDAHO FALLS WjVE/oDGE into hot, mugs. Top poursteaming

and cream, parsley, whipped If it'swith electric, it's better j7 the attending Idaho /I When 7-8 It makes of nutmeg.a dash ft LIGHT stay at a "s temple, UTAH POWER COMPANY '*Sb# servings.cup Falls the—Idaho TRAVELODGE W*

close—convenient and *-n--iiBn-'

Raspberry Punch Special rates for excursions.—Temple open oil

or write for reservaIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS daytions.Saturdays.—Phone \ x/z quarts milk

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple 255 E Street 3 packages frozen raspberries 1 quart ginger ale sore throat and other minor mouth IdahoPh. Falls,5232960Idaho

1 quart vanilla ice cream and throat irritations.

Blend the raspberries in theblender or sieve to mash. Place ice HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity. Utah

cream in a punch bowl. Mix in the

raspberries, add the milk, and stir.

well. mix ale and ginger theAdd Protect copies your CsAAV\flA float in small will creamThe ice JEWELRY CO. of with an the ERA

Delicious with throughout. pieces DA 2-1039 42WEST2ND. SOUTH $2.50 ERA BINDER

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH straws! cheese Write to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84T11

FEBRUARY 1966 133 Swiss fondue, a carbonated drink, Seeded Chicken and good conversation make a party out of any evening. 3 pound fryer, cut up

Mr. & Mrs. Richard McFedries

Street So. Cordova 203

Alhombra, California 91801 Swiss Fondue V21 cupsquareevaporatedbutter ormilkmargarine, 1 pound Swiss cheese, grated melted 6 tablespoons flour Vs cup toasted sesame seeds 00 V2 teaspoon salt % cups fine cracker crumbsADDRESS LABELS M x/4 teaspoon pepper Salt, paprika, pepper

FREE POSTAL AIDS Va teaspoon nutmeg

For only $1, you'll receive 1000 handsomely 1 clove garlic, cut the gift together andprinted crumbs return labels of address plus Mix a 2 cups buttermilkpostal to stickers aid help mail your keep of seeds. piece each sesame Dip Air Delivery smooth!y. Special Mail,moving Paprika

Fragile to colors labels bright areand commilk; in the evaporated chicken

attention. bread, cut into l-inch labels French Nameand-addressmand

roll seed the in sesame and then printedare paper, on padded and gummed cubes in kit. reusable apacked Use handy them the chicken mixture. cracker Dipto checks, mail, records. mark books, phono

'N'Send $1 Places, 114 Los South skin butter place to Names the lightly melted cheese, in and the Mix together

Dept. E, Calif. Ave.,Robles 91101. Pasadena, dish. side greased baking in a flour, salt, pepper, nutmeg. and up

Heat the milk, butter, and garlic Bake uncovered at 350 degrees F.

until steaming. Remove the garlic, for about 1 hour or until the

reduce the heat, and add the chicken is tender. This chicken is

cheese mixture. Stir constantly party fare with frozen fruit salad

until the cheese is melted. Pour and hard rolls cut and filled with

into chafing dish and keep hot. cheese and heated in the oven the

With each person serving himself last 15 minutes of the time the from the common dish, dip chunks chicken is baking. Steaming hot

of bread held with long forks into chocolate and freshly baked the cheese fondue and eat. Repeat, cookies add a "just right"finishing

sip carbonated drink, and talk. touch.

HOME, SWEET HOME

"Keep the home pastures green ness in return. This is such a simple

and your family will not wander,"formula, so easy to live by. A

said a friendly Hawaiian woman. mother gives by keeping green her

Why should a husband or a child pasture.

wander if home is a loving, secure, happy nest? Mothers are the Family Night Treat

climatemakers, and "fair and Toasted Sundae warmer"is a pleasant forecast for any home. Sprinkle this crisp delicious topIt takes constant watering of the ping over a rich vanilla ice cream.

fertilizing of seed, continuous the It acts as as well as tak- a garnish PROTECT harvest. soil to an ample have Day of cookies. ing the place copies your care after must someone day

of the enough to pull out the weeds and Topping discard the weaknesses. Good

ZEzH hybrid seed is required to produce 2 cups Post puffed corn flakes with an Therean abundantare no truerprofitablesayingsharvest.than, %% cupcup coarselyflaked coconutchopped pecans

"One receives what he gives,"and, Vz cup brown sugar "One keeps only that which he Va cup butter ERA gives away."One young newlywed

was forever asking her husband, Melt the butter and add the BINDER "Do you love me?"It seemed that other ingredients in a heavy sauceonly $2.50 thestartedanswerto say,was "Iso loveemptyyou,"untilwithshe pan.heat untilCookmixtureand stiris aoverlightmediumgolden

words and deeds; and soon the brown. Don't let it get too dark, it

The Improvement Era answer she longed for came back spoils the flavor. Cool. This topping

79 South State Street with meaning, "I love you."keeps crisp in a covered jar in

It is good also Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 We reap what we sow. A smile the refrigerator.

brings a smile, a kind act a kindsprinkled over custard pudding.

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Christopher Columbus usage: Thus I have told you what tribulations are written on marble""'and the Book of Mormon the Creator has done for thee, and stone, and not without cause.'

( Continued from page 98 what He does for all men. Even Isn't this fascinating? In his

now He partially shows thee the vision Christopher Columbus is befrom fatigue. He said: reward of so many toils and daning told some of the things that

"All hope of escape was gone. I gers incurred by thee in the service Lehi told his people 2,000 years betoiled up to the highest part of the of others.'fore, which sermon was written on

ship, and, with a quivering voice "I heard all this, as it were, in metal, and not without cause. First,

and fastfalling tears, I called upon a trance; but I had no answer to he was told that the Lord gave him

your Highnesses'warcaptains from give to such true words, and could the "keys"to the barriers of the the points of the compass to come but weep for my errors. He conocean, implying that before He did

to my succor, but there was no cluded speaking, whoever he was, so, the barriers were locked. Correply. At length, groaning, I fell saying, 'Fear not, but trust; all these respondingly, in the words of Lehi,

asleep, and heard a mild voice address me thus:—

'"O fool, and slow to believe and to serve thy God, the God of all!

What did He do more for Moses, or for David his servant, than He infor thine thee?has done From ALL ELSE BUT DEPENDABILITY kept thee has His underfancy He

constant and watchful care. When

He saw thee arrived at an age which suited His designs respecting thee, He brought wonderful renown to thy name throughout all RICHARD L. EVANS

the land. He gave thee for thine

oion the Indies, which form so Before the death of Jacob, as recorded in the Genesis account, he blessed his said: sons, characterized of and counseled one and he the world,rich a portion of whom and of

..."excel. as water, there "Unstable context shalt not n In thou be as it pleased hast dividedthou them may

thee, for He gave thee power to do many meanings of this statement that could be considered, but in genso. He gave thee also the keys eral it well could pertain to the character, the quality of dependability.

of those barriers of the ocean sea "In any line of endeavor,"observed a current source, "one trait of which were closed with such character that makes a man stand out from his fellows, is dependability.

mighty chains; and thou wast There are, of coarse, many who have little else than dependability to

obeyed throughout many lands, and recommend them. Taken alone it could never elevate one very high...

gained an honorable fame throughbut, possessing all the other necessary attributes to... success and

out Christendom. What did the lacking dependability, he would never attain the heights that he otherMost High do for the people of wise might.... A leader who is not dependable will not keep his followfor long. expects executive ing in his subordinates dependabilityIsrael, and out brought them An when He

retain their respect."to himself it in order for or 2 In any relationhave he must David,of Egypt? whom

from a shepherd He made to be ship in life, in business, in marriage, in the home, in the pursuit of any king in Judea? Turn to Him, and profession, and even in the relationships of countries and communities,

acknowledge thine error—His mercy people need to know what they can count on. Laws and locks, contracts

is infinite. Thine old age shall not and commitments are still in some ways only as good as the dependability

prevent thee from accomplishing of the people who are parties to them. And the opportunities that are

any great undertaking. He holds open are limitless for dependable, prepared young people, who have the

under his sway many great inhericharacter and the competence to see things through. And the greatest

tances. Abraham had exceeded a stumbling block to success and achievement and a solid position in life is

hundred years of age when he bean irresponsibility that cannot be counted on. Whatever else he has to ofgat Isaac; nor was Sarah young. fer—ability, talent, brilliance, skill—still no person is safe without dependaThou criest out for uncertain help: bility. No investment, no commitment, no contract is what it appears to

answer, who has afflicted thee so be without knowing how a person will perform—without knowing that

much and so often, God or the he will do what he says he will, when he says he will, to the best of his world? The privileges promised by ability. Without this quality there is always unsatisfactory uncertainty.

God, He never fails in bestowing; Without this quality no one can be counted on. Dependability is of

nor does He ever declare, after a greater worth than one can calculate. President McKay has often quoted

service has been rendered Him, a wellknown Scottish writer who said: "To be trusted is a greater comthat such was not His intention, or pliment than to be loved."3 Without dependability there can be no trust.

that He had regarded the matter in "Unstable as water, thou shalt not excel...."

another light; nor does He inflict

suffering in order to make a show iGen. 49:4.

2Roger Haglund, Rhode Island Governor's monthly letter, June 1965.

of His power. His acts conform to 3George Macdonald, Marquis of Lossie, ch. 4.

His words; and He fulfills all His "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

promises with interest. Is this hard Broadcasting System, November 28, 1965. Copyright 1965.

FEBRUARY 1966 135 "... this land should be kept as And what could be the cause? The Best Burnt Roast

yet from the knowledge of other What could be the significance of nations...."(2 Nephi 1:8.) the relationship between the Book (Continued from page 105)

Second, Columbus was told that of Mormon accounts and what So you wait; but what do you do

the Lord had been preparing him Columbus was told in his vision? when you can't bear the pain of

with His constant and watchful The letter referring to the vision being alienated, yet feel the other care since infancy for his important was written several hundred years should say, Tm sorry/ and ease the role. Or as Nephi would say, the before the publishing of the Book pressure?"

Spirit of God "... came down... of Mormon. During that period it Let us look again at Jesus'anand wrought upon the man...."6 was published, to the best of my swer—"... whatsoever ye would

Third, Columbus was informed that knowledge, three or four times in that men should do to you, do ye the Lord gave him power to divide Spanish but was quite rare. even so to them...."(Matt. 7:12.)

the Indies as he saw fit. This comThe earliest English translation Or, as one wise woman answered

pares with the Lord's declaration of the letter to which I have found the question, "Why wait? Go and

that He would give power to other reference was made in London in say you're sorry, and get on with nations and would take away from 1847. It has been translated into things."Unfortunately, some people

Lehi's at least descendants the lands of English twice since then it find difficult exceedingly to 7their possessions. several times, and published but sorry,"say, "I'm or to take the lead

The reference at the end of Coeven today the fact of its existence in untangling emotional situations.

lumbus'vision is interesting. The is almost universally unknown. It At such times they ask for an apexpression "marble stone"is a fairly appears that Joseph Smith and his preciation of their position, for

common metaphor referring to contemporaries could certainly have empathy with their problem of a durable material. The statement had no knowledge of the existence living with themselves. One's sense

is that his feats had already been of this account of Columbus. of justice and fair play can become

written on "marble stone."It is Having, then, two completely in- a thorn at such times, hindering

interesting that after Columbus dependent accounts which record good relationships. One would not

died, his remains were buried in similar prophecies, the authenticity advise any partner to spend forever first one place and then another. of both the vision of Columbus and in a living hell.

An English traveler to Spain in the the Book of Mormon account is There are, however, many trials mid1800's, by which time the value strengthened. As discussed, each of faith and mercy which can be

of Columbus'work was of course in its own characteristic wording made before one gives up. One

appreciated, after giving a descripacknowledges (1) the withholding cannot have any increase in happition of the tombstone of a son of of New World intervention from ness and joy unless he is willing to

Columbus, where Columbus'name Europeans until an appointed time, risk or give up a current pattern and date of birth are also men- (2) the assurance that divine influwhich brings him some satisfactioned, says: ence prepared Columbus, and (3) tion. If the partner finds the going

"Throughout all Spain I know of the power by which the possessions rough, perhaps a new trial on my no other inscription to the memory of Lehi's descendants were taken part can help both of us. Unwilof Columbus. At Valladolid, where from them. To explain away these lingness to try leaves us tied to

he died, and where his body lay unusual parallels as being a case current patterns of satisfactions for. some years, there is none that of borrowing one from the other, which are always limited. Eternal

I could discover, neither is there we have learned, is quite unlikely. growth will always consist of our

any trace of any at the Cartuja, Neither does a dismissal of the striving to open up new areas of near Seville, to which his body was comparisons by saying that they are understanding and the beauty afterwards transferred, and in coincidental appear convincing. therein.

which his brother was buried."This leaves one other position: that While teaching at a leading

"It is a striking confirmation of both the Book of Mormon prophets Eastern university, I had in class the reproach of negligence, in re-—and consequently Joseph Smith—a married woman with one child.

gard to the memory of this great and Christopher Columbus obShe described her fiveyear marman, that in this solitary inscriptained their knowledge by direct riage as being, to that point, a dogtion in old Spain, the date of his divine revelation. andcat relationship with plenty of

death should be inaccurately FOOTNOTES fur flying. She had lived as though

given."8 i2 Nephi 1:5-6, 8-11. Italics added. she had no need for any man. As

So, in the more than three hun- 2 1 Nephi 13:1112. Italics added. a result, her husband felt no sense

dred years after his death, in the zRamusio, ed. Ven., 155053, i, f. 414; of appreciation and treated her in

in Christopher Journal quoted The of I time fashion. the tyrannical valiantly, a At served socountry he

.. et al. (London: The Columbus to sepaclose them, they were in stone"met "marblenothing Society,. 213. p. comHakluyt 1893),

memorated his tribulations. The Coleccian de Documentos para la ration. She felt he was putting

only interpretation which makes Historia de Costa Rica relativos al Cuarto pressure on her and she had to sense is that the messenger told y Ultimo Viaje de Cristobal Colon, trans. defend herself. Hence, meals were

Merrill Costa Rica: Jose, (San M. Hyde details overwere time, on that he not only wasColumbus e Historia de never Geografia de Academia mess. the house looked, was a did heable to accomplish what 14. Rica, p. Costa 1952),

through the help of God, but that 5Ibid., p. 25. Italics added. One day she decided just maybe

61 13:12. Nephi pressure putting on him. she his was foretold accomplishGod had

?2 1:11. Nephi letting try she'd decided up So she this that prophecy had andments Letters in Select Sumner, 8George something he of just a little by doing in "durable materecordedbeen SociHakluyt (London: The Columbus

rial,"not without cause. ety, 1870), p. Ixxxii. liked. One evening she prepared

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA his favorite meal and had it ready need you; then you can really hurt acceptingtype responses. If one

when he came home. He was so him!"strikes with fists, he's most likely

surprised and acted so pleasant all The lady left. A year later the to get fists back; with words, words

evening that she decided maybe lawyer saw her on the street and in return; with kindness or love,

she'd try again. Gradually she reminded her that she had planned kindness or love in return. Emphatried doing other things he liked. to come in for a divorce. sis on one's rights helps set a stage

As his feeling of being appreciated "It seemed crazy,"said the lady, wherein others, too, think about returned, so did his ability to show "but I went home and followed their rights. Emphasis on mercy

appreciation for others. She found your advice, and do you know and love calls forth mercy and love

that the less she fought him for what? My husband is a changed from all except the most hardwhat she wanted, the less she had man! So I've changed my mind hearted. They eventually have to

to fight. Out of it all they came about the divorce."be treated by justice!

to the recognition that they I doubt her husband had A third principle would link weren't the type to have a marriage changed his basic personality. Unwith the previous one: Empathy

which ran smoothly and easily der the drawing power of her grows through practice. One time

all the time. She had always behavior, he felt more accepted I had a student in class who felt

thought their marriage was a farce; and could thus reveal more of his he really did not know how to love

now they found it was a raw, very precious clay that they had never learned to mold.

This suggests to us that individuals have a range of perception and behavior from which they may to situations withoutrespond SHRINKING ASSIGNMENTS personalities.changing their Our

first efforts at adjustment call for TO OUR SIZE drawing from the available responses and perceptions those which may more productively serve a situation. When we "do

unto others,"we call forth similar RICHARD L. EVANS

types of responses in them. This is

an understanding which is helpful From an ancient Greek account we recall the story of Procrustes, who was—that people have differing ways said to cut men shorter or to stretch them longer to fit the length of his

of showing love and appreciation. bed. This has been cited often to illustrate what happens when arbitrarily

We should never rule out the poswe try to fit people into certain places or patterns. The person is prisibility of its presence without marily important, not the bed, not the arbitrary measurement of an

considering what it means to the individual, not what someone else simply supposes should be so. But

person offering it. Jesus could have there is yet another application of this muchcited subject: We may

told the widow to keep her two sometimes let ourselves settle into small places, into small positions, or pennies as they wouldn't help the attempt to shrink an assignment to our size, rather than grow with it. We

temple much. But he saw it as a may think too much of our comfort or convenience instead of expanding

gift from her heart. ourselves to fill a certain assignment. The moment a man limits a job

Another story may help illustrate to the size of his own comfort or convenience or to an inadequate estithe idea further. A woman went mate of his own power and capacity, he does much more than limit the

to her lawyer for a divorce. But job; he limits himself; he stifles talents and potentialities, and shrivels

she wanted even more—she wanted inside. To realize the fullest measure of life, men must be willing to

to really hurt her husband. stretch themselves, to take on more responsibility, more accomplishment.

The lawyer said, "Are you cerLittle that has contributed greatly to progress was ever done by people tain you want to hurt him?"who put their personal comfort and convenience first. While many "drop

She replied vehemently, "I cerout"and many are reluctant to extend themselves in sendee, the world is tainly do! He deserves to crawl crying for more competent students, more competent teachers, more

for all he has done to me."competent and dedicated parents, more competent professional people,

After thinking a moment, the more competent young people who are willing to be selective, willing to lawyer said, "Here is my advice. serve. And the person who scales himself down is surely going to shrink

Go home for six months and do both the assignment and himself, whereas the person who extends himeverything you think your husband self is going to enhance both his. own size and the size of his assignment.

would like you to do. Fix his faThe world is moved forward by people who are willing to move forward

vorite meals, keep his clothes in and to improve in output and capacity. Neither students nor workers

good shape, greet him cheerfully nor managers nor professional people should put a ceiling on what they each day—or whatever it is you are willing to do, what they are willing to become. To go back to

feel he would like you to do."Procrustes and his bed: Let's not cut ourselves down to size. Stretching

The lady said, "Of all the crazy ourselves would be better. To increase power and capacity and ability

things—that makes no sense!"would be a wonderful commitment for every man to make.

Then the lawyer added, "In six months of such living you'll have "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia him depending upon you. He'll Broadcasting System, November 14, 1965. Copyright 1965.

FEBRUARY 1966 137 people. Sometimes we feel the only stantly putting himself in experithough there were a warm, recure for this is counseling. Indiences which called for empathic assuring arm around her. The felviduals can, however, with help, responses began to draw empathy low desired companionship in

try out experiences to help them from him and helped him learn to intellectual and athletic areas as a learn. If a child learns to love by be a more lovable and loving symbol of love. He could and

loving and being loved, so an adult person. would cook for his wife, clean

ought to be able to learn. Just any Fourth, empathy is, in the last house, and help in multiple ways,

kind of situation, however, will not analysis, a communicative experibut somehow couldn't bring himdo. We suggested he spend as ence—of doing and being heard. It self to give the feeling of an arm

much time as he could with small seems to partake of the most subtle around her. He was too much a

children or with aging people—and deep elements of communica- "loner"for that. She, on the other

those seemingly more free to extion. All loye is a communicative hand, could not find appreciation

press their feelings. Through such experience and occurs through in what he did nor the confidence

experiences he found new feelings symbolic meanings and expresto be a companion to him. For the

and reactions emerging. It wasn't sions. Let me tell you about two lack of empathy and appreciation,

always easy, but he stuck with it, friends who are now divorced love and the marriage were lost.

and after a while happily reported because they could not develop Had either been able to give—to

that he found himself more relaxed empathic communication. To feel provide the desired E.Q. (emoand open around people. Conloved the girl needed to feel as tional quotient)—the marriage

might have survived as they found each other. As it was, they lost

sight of each other in the mossy entanglements of disillusionment.

In everything we do, we communicate. But even when at our

still hesitate to un- "I STOOD ON THE SHOULDERS best, we may

OF GIANTS"other.lock ourWhatheartshappensand soulswhentoa eachcautious person is married to an

enthusiastic one? Each needs the

other for certain reasons, and yet

RICHARD L. EVANS may be also troubled by those

atcharacteristics which many Variation. theme called this and The could be ThemePerhaps comment first place. in the tracted The them shoulders the standing on source: dwarf ancient Greek "A an fromcomes the finds usually enthusiastic one 1

is this: variation himself."giant farther a see than One a giantof may enthuto responding cautious one 2 all is life that of fact giants."simple of shoulders The the"I stood on brakes. the putting on siasm by

is is selfmade; no of man shoulders the others—noof us stand man on enthusiasm and This dampens

all things the into beingselfsufficient; has of himself brought no man partner enthusiastic lead an could

that enrich his life. All of us inherit so much from the past that we have to hold back and at the same time

an obligation to serve the present and to pass on an improved world to feel inner frustration. However,

of teachers, parents, of of shoulders the all standthe future. on We not cautious people would is most all that to all contributed of benefactors,friends and who have and enthusipartner to be less want a

for improved; for all things developed planted, and all thingsours—for enthusiastic they themastic. How education, for art; for for literature, toolsall inventions, and medicines; safe selves depends on can be how

for law, for cherished traditions, for freedom; for the heritage we have. the situation seems after they've

And all this didn't just happen. It came from the toil and sweat and sacritaken time to survey the situation.

fice, the study, the trial and error, the time and effort of others. No man But, it is so hard to say, "Please,

stands alone. We all stand on the shoulders of others. "The private and honey, keep on being enthusiastic.

personal blessings we enjoy,"said Jeremy Taylor, "the blessings of im- I don't want you to drop it, but I integrity, the thanksgiving deserve liberty, safeguard, andmunity, let can't myself of a just you go like is a "deep, deep said it: There Grayson 3 And, as Davidwhole life."persons quiet, cautious do."Most

connection of all these things with God."4 There is no place for selfishness tend to hold back or else do a lot

and no such thing as a man selfmade. Thus all of us have reason for of thinking through of their posihumility, for gratitude, for prayerful acknowledgment to the source of tion before they let go. Such an

all truth, of all law, of all life, for the very purpose of life—reason for individual wouldn't know how to

gratitude to God. And so we well would remember the hymn often sung, take it if things got out of hand.

but not always deeply considered: Both of these types ask for empaone. blessings; one them your by "Count Name appreciation. Each would 5 thy—for done."hath blessings; See what God Count your in himself. of the other like a little

capable, dy- a highly My wife, 'Democritus to me, "Oh, can say to the Readers,"Robert Burton, Anatomy of Melancholy. namic woman,2Source unknown.

3Jeremy Taylor (161367), English bishop. I just wish you could really get

4David Grayson.

BJ. Oatman, Jr., "Count Your Blessings"Hymns, No. 202. enthused."

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia I say, "I do get enthused, someBroadcasting System, November 21, 1965. Copyright 1965. times."

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Yes,"she replies, "but I'd like problem"may have more meaning care in such communication. At

to see you just once with my kind than "We have a problem with the bad moments, if the disturbed of enthusiasm!"Johnny!"could say, "I have a problem; I feel

That I have not mastered! Particularly does such reasoning disturbed and do not like it or how

Empathy is not a oneway street. seem to hold for marriage relait makes me treat you; please help

In any situation one person may be tionships. There are times when a me find a solution,"the invitation

empathizing as far as he knows common problem such as a budget for help may well bring empathy, how. If the partner were in a simimay be hashed out. Yet, even in it whereas some other approaches

lar situation, the empathic rethere are personal feelings and might invite challenge and confusponses might be greater. There needs which need an appreciative sion. It is not that a particular

must, therefore, be two kinds of hearing. wording itself is crucial, but that

appreciation—by one partner for For example, if a husband comes the approach helps set the atmoswhat the other needs at a given home from work late for meals, he phere in which empathic possitime and by the other for the and his wife probably have several bilities may more fully materialize.

honest attempts of the partner to different problems. He may be a Being able to feel appreciation

empathize. I know one elderly ooor organizer, may let others use for how a partner feels in differing

man who hangs around the edge lim too much, or may be absentsituations is a first step to emoof a family group trying to find a way to become a part of it, while others try to find a way to let him become a part. This is not easy. NAUVOO

He has been on the outside for so many years. Because he feels left BY ORMA WALLENGREN

out, he often feels the need to dominate the group to satisfy his Now, sundrugged, dozing in the circled arms need for closer relationship. But,

because of the attempts of each to Of your ancient motherriver, undisturbed bridge this emotional gap, relationships have improved over the By step or storm or locusts'rasped alarms, years. You dream of other, useful seasons, curbed

This suggests one other element of communication which is releToo early. Barely were your gardens green,

vant. Empathic responses are Your smothered sioamps newopened to the sky,

frequently denied when one person feels disturbed. One person looks Your shining temple scarce surveyed the scene

at the world, sees a problem, and feels an urge to call the other's (Its steeple thrust where only eagles fly), attention to it. If we are not exWhen you, confined by hatred's tangled web

tremely careful in how we tell him, it is very easy to block our And labored in the pain of fear, the ills partner's response. If one says to Of malice, wept and felt your pulses ebb

his wife, "Honey, we've got to do something about the budget,"the And watched your life pour out toward distant hills.

statement may be true, but it is so The West was born to your travail and tears easy for it to erupt anxiety. The

possible sense of urgency noted And left you invalid these hundred years.

can lead very easily to cold and undesirable responses. Or, we may

say, "When are you going to do something about?"or, "Stop minded. In, addition, then, he will tional quality in a marriage

doing; it doesn't look good."have the problem of his wife's disrelationship. To be able not only

Or, "Why can't we do something turbance, which could make him to feel such appreciation but to about this?"or, "Why haven't you an even worse organizer, and so communicate it effectively to the

fixed that?"or, "Honey, we've got forth. Her problem may be a feelpartner is the second step. Perhaps

a problem."ing of lack of companionship or the challenge for each of us is to

Despite all its suggestions of teamwork, tiredness, or upsets learn better whether we are most teamwork, the idea of "We've got because of inability to plan her lacking in feelings, communicative a problem"is not completely true. evenings, and so forth. If it did ability, or both. There is too much

In any "problem"there are usually not bother her to have him come beauty in life for married couples several problems, and neither perhome late, there would be no mealto share to let themselves be hung son sees all of them. When dealing time problem. But he could still up just at the very door of its

with a child, parents may say, have to struggle with his personal existence.

"We've got a problem,"but even problems.

this may be different than the Perhaps a better way to bid for (Next month: Making Conflicts

child's problem. "Johnny has a empathic response is a little more Work for Us.

FEBRUARY 1966 139 The Story of Bani gardens. These were more carefully "In the dark of the night?"The

(Continued from page 109) guarded, if possible, than the city man gave a roar of derision. "Thou gates. While the rest of the countryliest! W7hat is in the bag?"

place?"side had been laid waste, these He reached for the precious sack,

"God will lead thee."She emfertile, terraced patches had been and Bani cried, "No! Thou shalt

braced him and held him close for preserved to provide choice fruits not have it!"

a long moment. Then she spoke and vegetables for the Babylonians. A look of cunning and avarice

briskly. "We must hurry. Thou hast He made a wide circle around came into the man's eyes. "No?

far to go."the gardens, moving slowly and What is so precious to thee? Gold?

"Supposing I am stopped?"carefully, scarcely daring to breathe Give it to me now and spare thy-

"I have thought of that. Thou until he was well away and starting self a broken head!"

wilt say that thy mother is ill and into the desert. Then he settled into Bani fought with desperation,

thou art seeking a physician."an even, steady pace that put the but he was overpowered. Defeated,

She brought out a sack woven of miles behind him. gasping, sick at heart, he lay where

goat's hair and placed the linenBy two or three in the morning the Edomite had flung him. He saw

wrapped scrolls carefully in it. he was beginning to be plagued by him open the sack and reach ea-

"God go with thee."She kissed weariness. He thought, I can sit gerly for the prize inside. A puzzled

him tenderly and then put in his down for just a few moments and look came into the man's face as he hands a small package of foodthen go on again. He slipped the felt the scrolls. He drew them out,

barley bread and cheese for his sack under his right shoulder and wrapped in their linen protection.

journey. Bani tied the pouch of sat with his back to a cool rock. He thrust his torch into the ground

food to his belt, slipped the sack It was relief, and he closed his eyes. and, squatting down in his short,

under his arm beneath his cloak, He was startled into consciousleather skirt, unrolled one of the and stepped out into the night. ness by a shout. A bright light was books.

Quickly and quietly through the blazing before his eyes. He sprang There was silence for many minstreets he sped, watching in the up to see before him a savageutes. Finally the man turned and,

alert yet furtive fashion he had looking man. This was no Babyroughly thrusting the scrolls at

learned through months of danger. lonian, but an Edomite, a robber Bani, said in a gruff voice, "Here,

He reached the east gate by the of the desert, one of the fierce detake them, and the God of Abraold wall of David, crouched in the scendants of Esau. He held a torch ham go with thee. I, too, am one

shadows until the guard strolled in his uplifted hand. With the of his children."

away on his nightly rounds, and other he grasped Bani and jerked Relief flooded Bani's heart as he then began to climb the wall. Holdhim forward. picked up the sack. The Edomite,

ing the sack with his teeth, he felt "Who art thou?"holding his torch aloft, watched

with his bare toes up and over the "I am Bani."him out of sight.

rough wall and then dropped down "What doest thou here in the The sky began to grow lighter, on the other side. desert?"and, as the sun commenced to

He started down the path toward "I—,"Bani grasped frantically for move over the desert, Bani saw that

the valley of the Kedron. He had to a plausible answer. "My mother is his progress was cut off by deep

be careful as he passed the king's ill. I—I am gathering herbs!"clefts in the earth. Where was he

to go now? His legs ached with

weariness, and his arm was almost asleep from clutching the sack for

WHAT IS IT? so many hours. He walked to the

edge of a precipice and stood lookBY FRANCES G. R1SSER ing down. All he could see far

below was a heap of rocks and, "The old Sky Woman's plucking geese,'glittering far in the distance, the

Said my Aunt Emma Lou. Salt Sea. He sat down, exhausted. Surely God had not brought him

"Someone's upset Sky's sugar bowl!"this far to have him fail. Hadn't he

Exclaimed my sister Sue. saved him from the Edomite?

My brother shouted: "Wonder who Alone in the desert, Bani bowed

Is sawing wood so hard his head in his arms. He didn't care

Among the clouds? Sawdust is thick anymore about growing up to be honored and respected. All that

All over our front yard!"mattered was finding a place of

My mother smiled. "I think Dame Sky safety for the scrolls. "O Lord,"'

te making cake today, he prayed, "show me the way!"

But she does spill her flour in For many minutes he sat with

A most untidy way."the sun growing warm on his back.

of feeling over him. flowed peace A My dad and I just laughed. He said: north to walk and began got up He

"What is it, boy? You know?"along the edge of the cliff. Gradu-

I hollered: "Call it what you please—ally it began to grow less steep.

It's fun—it's great—it's snow!"Finally it leveled off to a slope

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA possible of being scaled, and Bani would be stored away with other Thou shalt live to see the return of began to climb down. precious writings, wrapped and thy captive people, and thou shalt

At the bottom of the ravine he sealed with a protective tar until help in rebuilding Jerusalem and found himself in a cunningly conthey could be brought forth at a in restoring the temple. Thou shalt

cealed little valley. In the center safer time. see sorrow turned to gladness and

stood an altar of stones, and around As Bani turned from the cave, weeping to joy. Remember all the

it were the other things necessary the Prophet, finished with the days of thy life, my son, that the for offering sacrifice: basins of morning sacrifice, came toward Lord has a great work for thee, for

water, a pile of wood, and against him. He took Bani's hand. "Thou thou art Bani, the Builder."

the wall of the cliff a pen that held shalt sleep, until the cool of the Bani stood too full of emotion to a dozen sheep. evening. But first,"and he looked speak. But his heart was singing.

Bani was startled by a voice bedeep into Bani's eyes, "I will give The Lord had answered his prayer, hind him speaking the same words thee a blessing."He placed his and he, Bani, the Builder, could

as the Edomite, "Who art thou?"hands on the boy's head. return to his city with gladness in

But this voice was not rough and "Bani: Thy name means 'builder.'his heart.

wild. It rang with thrilling authority. Bani turned around and

saw the Prophet Jeremiah. He was

dressed in his priestly robes, and he carried in his hands a faggot, as though he were about to begin the THE RIGHT PLACES FOR THE sacrifice.morning "Who art thou, my RIGHT PURPOSES He repeated,

son?"The boy found his voice. "I am

Bani, the son of Bani. My mother

sent me here with something very RICHARD I. EVANS

precious."He opened the sack and

drew forth the scrolls. We talked some time ago of the highlights of life, of the fact that we

Lovingly, tenderly, the Prophet cannot reasonably expect constantly increasing thrills, excitement, or examined them. Then he said ever more spectacular entertainment; and that much of life is simple

softly, "Thou hast done well."routine, made up of doing day to day the things that must be done;

Other men were coming down and that simply being alive and living is a thrill in and of itself. There

from caves in the cliffside. Though is another phase of this subject to be considered: Students sometimes

they were sunbrowned and wore absent themselves from class with the excuse that it's dull, or it's "the rough beards and coarse clothing, same old thing"each day. In a sense this may be so, but repetition is

Bani knew that here was the priestpart of the learning process, and even though a new and vital and chalhood kept safe in the desert. lenging part of the subject may not always be in evidence, something

The Prophet gave Bani into the happens in the classroom. Even when a text presumably covers the

care of one of the men, who led same subject, the point of view of the teacher, the reaction of the group, him to a cave where breakfast was the questions, the discussion, just being in the atmosphere where there being prepared. Over a simple meal is a composite of attitude and information and where the subject is

of honey and soft curds made from being regularly considered are allimportant; and the person so exposed

goat's milk, he told them of his receives something for which there is no real substitute, even if there night's adventure. isn't a new and startling idea every hour. Likewise, there are those

Then Bani was taken to a special who say they don't go to church because it is repetitious, because sercave and shown where the scrolls mons are the same, because they can get as much or more somewhere else, reading or thinking, or being out in the open. Again it must be

admitted that great moments, great thoughts, new concepts, the highlights of life are not always and everywhere in evidence. But there is

a spirit, a distillation of attitude and atmosphere in particular places for particular purposes, and we tend to take on what is around us. We

AFFINITY pick up from our surroundings, and it is good to be where there is exBY HARGO G1NA HART posure to constructive and uplifting things. When we are in the right places for the right purposes, the right things are likely to result. And

A shell can hold within itself the soit willto thosebe thewhosamesay, Ioldwon'tthing,go tothesomeanswerdesirableis thatplacemuchor ofeventit maybecausebe, oceans resonant roars, but some of it may have special significance, and in any case, being

While the shell is distant from the where we ought to be when we ought to be there is a great safeguard and consideration. "If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good

turbulent sea; report... we [ought to] seek after these things"1 and ought to be

Though I have left your shores, the where they are likely to be.

sound of you 1Joseph Smith, Articles of Faith, xiii.

Tempestuously vibrates now "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia through me! Broadcasting System, August 15, 1965. Copyright 1965.

FEBRUARY 1966 141 Teaching faith to heal. knew them but himself, which was

with case probably Abraham is given the the to some "And again,*.(Continuedm. 4.- as.from-j; page 115)\K\ ap the Lord and f mirades working wl4n his wfe

that unless a man was born of the "And to others it is given to peared to Moses, it was in the water and of the Spirit, he could prophesy; burning bush, in the tabernacle,

not enter the kingdom of God; "And to others the discerning of or in the mountain top; when

that he could not comprehend spirits. Elijah was taken in a chariot of

it; that he could not even see it; "And again, it is given to some fire, it was unobserved by the

that he could not understand the to speak with tongues. world; and when he was in a cleft

relationship that existed between "And to another is given the inof a rock, there was loud thunder,

God and man without the gift of terpretation of tongues. but the Lord was not in the thunthe Holy Ghost."(Journal of Dis- "And all these gifts come from der; there was an earthquake, but

courses, Vol. 23, pp. 372373.) God, for the benefit of the children the Lord was not in the earthBaptism by water is essential to of God. quake; and then there was a still

the cleansing of a man from his "And unto the bishop of the small voice, which was the voice of former sins. Baptism by water also church, and unto such as God shall the Lord, saying, 'What doest thou

prepares one for the reception of appoint and ordain to watch over here, Elijah?'

the Holy Ghost. When the Holy the church and to be elders "The Lord cannot always be

Ghost is conferred upon a newly unto the church, are to have it known by the thunder of His voice, baptized convert or member of given unto them to discern all by the display of His glory or by record, it then becomes possible those gifts lest there shall be any the manifestation of His power;

for him to receive certain rights among you professing and yet be and those that are the most anxious and privileges that are full of posnot of God."(D&C 46:1127.) to see these things, are the least

sibilities for his spiritual developOnly a few of the gifts of the prepared to meet them, and were ment and benefit. Spirit can be seen by an observer, the Lord to manifest His power as

The following are the gifts of For instance, an observer may see He did to the children of Israel, the Spirit as enumerated by the an outward manifestation by one such characters would be the first

Lord through a revelation to who, as on the day of Pentecost, to say, 'Let not the Lord speak any

Joseph Smith: speaks in tongues. However, most more, lest we His people die."

"For all have not every gift given of the manifestations of the Holy (DHC, Vol. 5, pp. 3031.)

unto them; for there are many gifts, Ghost are not seen by an observer. This statement by the Prophet

and to every man is given a gift by The Prophet Joseph Smith deincludes the ministering of angels the Spirit of God. clared that the revelations from and the showing forth of the

"To some is given one, and to God to his servants have been power of God as well as the manisome is given another, that all may given without fanfare or outward festation of the Holy Ghost, and be profited thereby. display. The comunications from declares that God does not com-

"To some it is given by the Holy God have been given in a quiet and municate with his children for the

Ghost to know that Jesus Christ is unpretentious manner. purpose of being seen by an obthe Son of God, and that he was These are his words: server, but rather with the purpose

crucified for the sins of the world. "The manifestations of the gift in mind of imparting information,

"To others it is given to believe of the Holy Ghost, the ministering knowledge, and understanding to on their words, that they also might of angels, or the development of his servants for their benefit and have eternal life if they continue the power, majesty or glory of God blessing.

faithful. were very seldom manifested The Lord has commanded that

"And again, to some it is given publicly, and that generally to the his servants shall teach repentance by the Holy Ghost to know the people of God, as to the Israelites; with the view in mind of baptizing

differences of administration, as it but most generally when angels those who accept the message and will be pleasing unto the same have come, or God has revealed come to God with a broken heart

Lord, according as the Lord will, Himself, it has been to individuals and a contrite spirit. The Lord has

suiting his mercies according to the in private, in their chamber; in the also commanded that the parents

conditions of the children of men. wilderness or fields, and that in Zion shall teach the doctrines of

"And again, it is given by the generally without noise or tumult, faith and repentance to their

Holy Ghost to some to know the The angel delivered Peter out of children and that their children diversities of operations, whether prison in the dead of night; came shall be baptized when eight years

they be of God, that the manifestato Paul unobserved by the rest of of age. To all who are baptized is

tions of the Spirit may be given to the crew; appeared to Mary and promised the gift of the Holy

every man to profit withal. Elizabeth without the knowledge Ghost. Whether or not the com-

"And again, verily I say unto of others; spoke to John the Baptist panionship of the Holy Ghost atyou, to some is given, by the Spirit whilst the people around were tends the recipient at the time of

of God, the word of wisdom. ignorant of it. baptism and continues to guide

"To another is given the word of "When Elisha saw the chariots him, brings things to his rememknowledge, that all may be taught of Israel and the horsemen thereof, brance, prompts him in time of to be wise and to have knowledge, it was unknown to others. When need, or performs any other as-

"And again, to some it is given the Lord appeared to Abraham it sistance for the newly baptized to have faith to be healed; was at his tent door; when the member depends upon the action

"And to others it is given to have angels went to Lot, no person of the individual. The person per142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

forming the baptism by water and privilege of confirming her a memhaving authority after one has the person conferring the gift of ber of the Church. Others may not repented of his sins and then to

the Holy Ghost, having proper have such feelings until sometime have hands laid on one's head for authority, make possible that the later. However, the special manithe gift of the Holy Ghost, followed

individual can have the companfestation of the Holy Ghost to an by reception of the gift. Through

ionship of the Holy Ghost then and individual whether before or after this ordinance one obtains the right thereafter. However, the candidate his baptism is a part of the whole of entrance into the celestial kingmay receive only the "right"to the and not the whole thing itself. That dom. His subsequent faith and

companionship if he has not come is to say: Cornelius, even though works justify that claim.

to the waters of baptism fully prehe had a special manifestation, Baptism is a most sacred and pared for this ordinance. He may had not qualified for the continued significant ordinance for mortal

forego that companionship for the companionship of the Holy Ghost. man in this world. Man must rely

time being if he is not prepared. He needed to be baptized by water upon the atoning blood of Christ

When he is ready to be blessed by and have hands laid upon his head initially for the remission of his sins the presence and the power of the for the gift of the Holy Ghost, as and for forgiveness of sins on the

Holy Ghost, he has the right and the Prophet Joseph Smith stated, in basis of proper repentance. Jesus

can make claim for that assistance order to qualify for the continued Christ has begotten us as his chilby properly living the gospel right to the gifts and blessings of dren through baptism, and through principles of faith and repentance. the Holy Ghost. him and his atoning blood men may

This is true because of the ordinPaul, the apostle, experienced a become actually the sons and ance which was previously persignificant spiritual manifestation daughters of Jesus Christ.

formed. at the time of his conversion, and The First Presidency in a docThe Prophet Joseph Smith it took place before his baptism. trinal exposition dated June 30,

stated: After he was baptized he obtained 1916, stated:

"There is a difference between the gift of the Holy Ghost. Had he "By the new birth—that of water

the Holy Ghost and the gift of the neglected to receive the ordinance and the Spirit—mankind may beHoly Ghost. Cornelius received of baptism, the Holy Ghost would come children of Jesus Christ,

the Holy Ghost before he was bapnot have continued with him nor being through the means by Him tized, which was the convincing would he have become a candidate provided 'begotten sons and power of God unto him of the for the celestial kingdom. In some daughters unto God.'(D&C 76:

truth of the Gospel, but he could cases men have, through unrigh24.) This solemn truth is further

not receive the gift of the Holy teousness, lost the influence of the emphasized in the words of the

Ghost until after he was baptized. Lord and the companionship of the Lord Jesus Christ given through

Had he not taken this sign or Holy Ghost after having it conJoseph Smith in 1833: 'And now,

ordinance upon him, the Holy ferred upon them when they were verily I say unto you, I was in the

Ghost which convinced him of the baptized; but through the atonebeginning with the Father, and am

truth of God, would have left him."ment of Jesus Christ and by power the Firstborn;

(DHC, Vol. 4, p. 555.) repentance, they can claim the "'And all those who are begotten

A multitude of others in addimanifestations, gifts, and blessings through me are partakers of the tion to Cornelius have received a of the Holy Ghost that they have glory of the same, and are the manifestation of the Holy Ghost previously enjoyed or have been church of the Firstborn'(D&C before they were baptized. Numerpreviously promised when they 93:2122)....

ous persons upon reading the Book were born of the water and the "If it be proper to speak of those of Mormon or hearing the elders Spirit. who accept and abide in the Gospreach the gospel of Jesus Christ Whether or not a special spiritual pel as Christ's sons and daughters

have been given a manifestation manifestation or manifestations are—and upon this matter the scripfrom the Holy Ghost prior to given to a man before or after his tures are explicit and cannot be

baptism. In fact, the promise is baptism does not in itself constigainsaid nor denied—it is consismade in Moroni that all who will tute his being "born again"in the tently proper to speak of Jesus

read the Book of Mormon and ask full and complete meaning of the Christ as the Father of the righGod with real intent and a sincere term. To be born again means to teous, they having become His

heart, having faith in Christ, will be immersed in water by one children and He having been made know by the "... power of the their Father through the second

Holy Ghost"that it is true. It is birth—the baptismal regeneration."

further revealed that "... by the (Cited in James E. Talmage, The

power of the Holy Ghost ye may SHRILL THRILL Articles of Faith, p. 470.

know the truth of all things."BY MAUREEN CANNON Through this second birth or

(Moroni 10:4-5.) regeneration, man obtains the

Some know immediately upon My darling's learned to whistle. right to be associated with those

being baptized that the Holy It's causing quite a stirwho qualify as celestial beings; and

Ghost has come upon them. PresiShe puckers up her lips, and where by thus being born again both by

dent Joseph F. Smith has testified Her two small front teeth were, the water and by the Spirit and by

to this. The author also was Shrill sounds fly forth. They living faithful and true to the end,

witness to this immediate manifescould've one may gain entrance into that tation to a newly baptized member Been made by birds—kingdom of glory where God and

eight years of age when he had the And should've. Christ dwell.

FEBRUARY 1966 MS "Is Any Sick Among You?"duct of noble thinking and Godlike brews. In the latter, God is referred

conduct. The contemplation of to specifically as "the Father of

(Continued from page 117) celestial things will make a man spirits."(Heb. 12:9.) Further, "the

think and speak more sublimely spirit and the body are the soul of in form and moving how express and magnificently when he deman,"or the individual. (D&C

and admirable! in action how scends to human affairs."88:15.) When we recognize this

like an angel! in apprehension The godlike part of man is the dual nature of man, we take a big

how like a god!"(Act II, sc. ii. ) And spirit of man, born of Deity, therestep forward in the healing arts.

from Cicero: "One is only halffore child of God, as Paul told the For it is through the spirit of man

educated if one does not recognize Athenians from Mars'Hill centuries that the power of God is made spiritual forces. Spirituality is a proago, and as also recorded in Hemanifest in the healing of the soul.

Dr. Alexis Carrel has stated this

beautifully as follows: "Prayer is a

force as real as terrestrial gravity.

As a physician, I have seen men, [THE after all other therapy had failed, lifted of disease out and melancholy SPOKEN'LIBERTY AND LAW WORD It is effort of prayer. serene the by

the only power in the world that

RICHARD L. EVANS seems to overcome the socalled

'laws of nature'; the occasions on

It would seem a not inopportune time to contemplate the relationship of which prayer has dramatically done liberty and law and of restraint, of sacrifice and service. "A free society this have been termed 'miracles.'

cannot remain free,"said one editorial writer, "unless the overwhelming Further he states, "As far as I am majority of citizens restrain [themselves].... If men don't restrain themconcerned, I intend to devote the

selves internally, then they must do so externally. With external restraint rest of my life to the problem of

... comes the decline of liberty... a free society can't function without developing man in his organic and

... internal discipline.... Without moral restraint, men are no longer spiritual entirety. For the quality

men."1 Finally it comes down to a question of character, without which of life is more important than life

there is no freedom. Some are "attempting to spread a philosophy that itself."

If you don't like a law, refuse to obey it,'recently said a public servant. Dr. Carl Rusche, past president

'If you don't like war, refuse to serve your country.'"2 But the right to of the American Urologic Associaenjoy the protection of law carries the obligation to respect and keep the tion, stated: "We should remind

law. The right to enjoy the privileges and protection of a country carries ourselves that the sources of healwith it the obligation to serve the country. We must have "a genuine ing in the world—the sun, the

revival of respect for law and orderly processes,"said an eminent jurist, earth, and the food of the earth, as "a reawakening of individual responsibility... a new impatience with well as the intellect of man and the

those who violate and circumvent laws.... An ordered society cannot instruments fashioned by that intelexist if every man may determine which laws he will obey...."3 "No lect—are basically not the creation

nation can remain free,"said President Kennedy, "unless its people of Man. They are made available to

cherish their freedoms, understand the responsibilities they entail, and us by a higher power. Men of scinurture the will to preserve them. Law is the strongest link between man ence are unbelievably intolerant

and freedom...."4 "The world no longer has a choice between force and and narrow when they fail to recoglaw,"said Dwight D. Eisenhower; "if civilization is to survive, it must nize that it is the Divine Power

choose the rule of law."3 "The curse of ages will rest upon you,"said working through us that brings sucJohn Mitchell Mason one hundred sixtyfive years ago, "... if ever you cess to our efforts.... Possibly the

surrender to... domestic lawlessness the precious liberties for which necessity of... narrow specialism

... your fathers bled."6 And, said Tacitus some two thousand years ago:... has dimmed our recognition

"They will be vanquished by their vices as easily as by force of arms."7 and moderated our use of one of the

"Let reverence of the law be breathed by every mother to the lisping fundamentals of healing—namely

babe...."said Abraham Lincoln. "Let it be taught in schools,... semifaith in Divine Power!'("Not

naries, and colleges; let it be written in primers, spelling books, and by Medicine Alone,"The Journal of

almanacs; let it be preached from pulpits, and proclaimed in legislative Urology, Vol. 64, No. 3, Sept. 1950.

halls, and enforced in courts of justice; let it become the political religion Italics added.)

of the nation."s We would reaffirm this basic fact: that we believe in It is refreshing to note a recent

serving our country and in "... obeying, honoring, and sustaining the trend toward a reunion of medicine

law"9—without which there is no liberty. and religion in the care of the sick,

of both those who are sick in body

Oakland Tribune, January 13, 1965. and those who are sick in spirit:

Stennis, Mississippi (as reported2Senator John of Powell, the Jr., President3Lewis F. American inBarpressAssociation.comment, October 23, 1965). "not by bread alone,""not by

President to Attributed F. Kennedy. John

President to Attributed Dwight D. Eisenhower. medicine alone,"but by making use

"John Mitchell Mason, Eulogy on Washington, February 22, 1800. of every available source of power

Attributed Attributed to to AbrahamTacitus. Lincoln. within our reach in the great task

"Joseph Smith, Articles of Faith, xii. before us, namely, "To be worthy

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia to serve the suffering."(Alpha

Broadcasting System, November 7, 1965. Copyright 1965. Omega Alpha motto.)

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor February 1966

iIfrON'T the boat... or the plane or the train or the bus

or the carryall...or the best things in life...

the pleasure to be found in good Music

the satisfaction of constantly Growing

Read! Listen! Learn! Feel!

Drink deeply of quality experiences

Remember you are young only once!

it! enjoy

"To miss the joy is to missmiss it a

R. L. Stevenson

r\ * - started this program about two years ago.

We thought that perhaps in our capacity as youth missionaries, we might be called upon to go tracting on Friday and Saturday nights, but we soon learned there was another way to convert.

This is called "fellowshiping"members into the

Church. If you stop and think about it, this really

makes sense. People, and especially youth, like

to be where they feel welcome, where they have friends and where they can enjoy themselves.

It's important to feel wanted, and once this feeling is established they can devote themselves to learning about the gospel in a pleasant,greatest friendly atmosphere.

The purpose of the youth missionaries is to fellowship nonmembers into the Church throughof gifts friendship and activities. We then turn them over

to the stake missionaries to be taught the gospel.

There are many ways to interest youth in the by Charlene Johnson Church... through MIA activities, sports, fireNot what we give, but what we share, sides, and friendship. Many nonmembers remark

For the gift without the giver is bare.... that LDS youth seem to have something special,

(J. R. Lowell, from Vision of Sir Launfal.) something that no one else has. We want other

youth to see that we really do have something

This is the way it is with the gospel of Jesus special, that our Church has something to offer

Christ. We must learn to share it with others and them that no other can.

not just give it to them. A young boy whose father was in prison beMissionary work is the most valuable way we cause he could not pay his debts was forced to take

have of sharing this prized possession. But what a job in a ratinfested warehouse in the slums of

is missionary work? Missionary work is unselfish London. His job was to glue labels on bottles of

service to others. In order to be an effective blacking. This young man aspired to be a great

missionary, a person must truly have a desire to writer, but because of poor conditions he was serve God and his fellowman. Christ said, "Inasself-conscious about his writing. Each night he

much as ye have done it unto one of the least of would sneak out and mail his stories to various these my brethren, ye have done it unto me."newspaper editors. Finally, the great day came

(Matt. 25:40.) In this one scripture Christ lays when one of the editors printed one of his short

down the definition of service to God and to our stories. The young man did not receive any payfellowmen. I am sure the motto of every missionment at all, but he did receive something infinitely

ary must be: God is first, my fellowman is second, more important. He received praise and encour-

I am third. agement. This young man was to become famous

This is probably the foremost formula for a his name was Charles Dickens.

successful mission and missionary. What was it that changed his life? Was it the

We have other missionaries in our Church bethought of all the people who would be reading sides those serving full time. We have stake his story? Was it the fact that the newspaper

missionaries who devote many of their free had a wide circulation? The thing that changed

evenings to teaching the gospel to the people in his life is contained in the common word encourtheir home area, and much of their other time is agement. Just a little encouragement in the life

spent in meetings and in preparation. As President of Charles Dickens helped change him from an

McKay has said, "Every member a missionary."obscure slumdweller into one of the truly great

If each of us would accept this challenge, Christ writers of England.

has promised us a wonderful reward. How great What would a little of this same encourageshall be your joy if you bring save it be one soul ment do for the nonmember youth and for the

unto the kingdom of God! (See D&C 18:15.) youth missionaries?

There is still another kind of missionary—the Youth, when you are called to participate in

youth missionary. This is a new program in the the youth missionary program, be enthusiastic.

Church and something that is just now being It's challenging and it is rewarding.

established in many stakes and wards. Our stake Adults, we can't do it without your help.

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FIFTH IN A SERIES

Living in the world without being part of the world

by Vernon Law I entered the field of professional baseball when only 18—rather a young man and quite innocent

as to the ways of the world. When I was 20 I

found myself playing baseball in the big leagues.

Pittsburgh was a very big city for a boy who was used to just small farm communities. Upon

arriving in Pittsburgh there were lots of pictures of my wife and me along with several interviews.

I remember in one of these interviews I told the reporter that I was a Latterday Saint and mentioned some of the standards that we hold true.

This was printed in the Pittsburgh papers. Although many may think this made it hard for

me, it did not. Because I believe, basically, just

about everyone is of a religious nature and respects the person who lives up to the goals and ideals of his church, so I found I had a host of rooters on my side to begin with. I can honestly

say no one has ever belittled me because of my beliefs, because I have stood strong on them.

Vernon is the son of the late Jesse Law and Mrs. Melva

Kelley of Meridian, Idaho He was married in the

Logan Temple to the former VaNita McGuire and is the father of five sons—Veldon, 12; Veryl, 10; Vance,

9; Vaughn, 6; and Varlin, 3. He entered professional

baseball in 1948, was advanced to the major leagues with the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1950, and, except for two years in the US Army, has been with them since year—hethen. Hiswon196020 gamesseasonduringwas thethe season,most wasoutstandingcredited

with two victories in the World Series, and received the Cy Young award for outstanding pitcher of the year. He has been troubled with a sore arm for the

past three years, but has made a strong comeback this year and was named "Comeback Player of the Year"for 1965.

FEBRUARY 1966 147 So you've learned to read! Now what?

by Elliott D. Landau, Ph.D.

University of Utah

Don't miss the adventure of

Allison Wiscomb Brett Wiscomb Reading good literature

If you are scratching your head and looking High school and college students report that article—don't.somewhat quizzicallyBelieveasityouor not,read toothemanytitle ofpeoplethis theyin school.don't readTheybecauseabhor thetheytestslearnedof theirto hatereading,books

who graduate from high school are functionally they detest the "corny"material they are freilliterate. That is, they've learned to read, they quently assigned, they hold their heads in horror

even read everything assigned to them, but pick at some of the librarians who run mortuaries inup a book on their own—not on your life. One stead of vital libraries. In short they have many

young man, just graduated from a leading univerpet peeves, most with some justification. One of

sity, turned in his cap and gown and gasped, my professors used to say, "A certain amount "Boy, I hope I never have to crack a book again."[sic] * of fleas is good for a dog; it takes his mind

If the figures are right, he won't either. He'll off bein'a dog."I guess a certain number of

join the millions who, having learned to read in hates is good for young adults, too; it takes their

school, never read again. mind off being young.

You don't have to live on the wrong side of the *Go to your dictionary now and double check the tracks to be culturally deprived. No matter where meaning of this important Latin word which means:

you live, how much dad earns, or what your grade "... it exactly reproduces an original."Thus, if you

point average is, if you don't read good books of read this quote and realize that "amount"is the incoryour own volition, you are living in a state of rect word to use when talking of number and further mt either the professor or this author is cultural deprivation. Or, to paraphrase the famous iiiweram*, sic is used to tell you that I know this is

New Yorker magazine cartoon, "Thou hast eyS* Tfrect but I am reproducing it here exactly as it to see and read not?"je. was said.

Chris Ann Wiscomb

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elizabeth Sandburg, Susan Hanks, Steve Bjorndal, Rick Johnson

But let's get serious for a moment. In answer

to the charge that they don't read, many young adults counter with the reply that they do Mad,

True Romance, the Reader's Digest condensations areTime—evenoffered asa evidence.daily paper,Or theyand reada JamesLook, BondLife,

story. My point? Just this: Nothing can be called

literature unless the material forces the reader by one method or another to discover himself.

Being "true to one's self,"while a noble Shakespearian admonition, is impossible to achieve until one has discovered himself. This discovery is

impossible without the aid of good books. Further,

there is reason to doubt that selfdiscovery is actuated by class assignments and mandatory page devouring. To attempt this examination of

self, each person must read the kind of material which, by its very substance, holds the mirror up to nature. The magazines, journals, and novels

noted earlier are not this type of literature. They

are things to read but more like my favorite whipping boys—the three C's—comics, condensations, and concoctions. That is, they are in print,

they may even be important on occasion, but they are never to be confused with real literature, that writing which is the "immortal residue of the human race"and depicts the human heart in conflict.

I suppose I shall never quite forget the sight of two students driving their VW down a major

Utah highway, -each holding in front of him a comic book. If the rear window decal had not

advertised their university affiliation, I should have concluded that here were some publicschool dropouts reading only what they could understand. Aside from the danger to other drivers

who might momentarily lose control of their cars while gaping at this exhibit of illiteracy, the spectacle spurred my interest in the "whys"and "wherefores"of this bizarre behavior. After much

reading, questioning, and thought, I concluded

Susan Hanks

FEBRUARY 1966 149 Rick Johnson, Sue Nebeker

that somehow the "now what?"of my title has And the "true"modern tales? Their concern is

never been clearly stated for youth. When one not with the prurient as many believe, but rather

considers that most of the schooled Americans for stereotyped situations solved through benever read a book but that some 60 million of whiskered and prosaic platitudes. Thus, if A loves

the three C's are sold weekly, the lack of knowl- B and B loves C something will occur to alienate edge of what reading is all about becomes almost B from C and allow the true romance of A and B selfevident. to flourish. Hardly the kind of fare to aid you

Just as the purpose of scriptural reading is not in guiding your own emotional life to enable you to say you've read it or even to have Let's try to answer the "now what?"question in

memorized verses but rather to aid one in the some succinct fashion. First, it is your obligation

examination of himself, so one learns to read in to use your educated intelligence to continually order that as he progresses through life he enrefine and cultivate your senses. After you've

hances the quality of his living through the conlearned to read you should become a reader—

tinual assessment of his own inner life. Certainly lifetime addict to this experience of bringing

the comics do not shed light upon our experiences. meaning to the printed page and, similarly, taking

Aside from the fact that they are not even comic, meaning from it. Literature is not a subject to be

they are flat, brief excursions into "nevernever"learned; it is an experience in and of itself. Since

wastelands. it serves to penetrate the behavior of humans in

As for the condensations now so popular in the infinite variety of situations life presents this world of mad rushings, all one can say of (many of which we cannot experience in our own them is that they are more concerned with what lives), it enables the reader to reflect upon his happened and to whom it occurred than with the own actions and ideas. Most often we find ourdeeper questions of motivation, causation, and selves in sympathy with the behavior of the charconsequence. They save time, indeed, but as the acters in books; if not, at least we are more likely

little prince asked in SaintExupery's scintillating to understand human behavior better. Though

tale by the same name, "What do you do with the books tend to reinforce our own ideals, they often time you've saved?"test our beliefs. That which is in print is not

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

necessarily true. It is the conveyance of that particular author's sense of life. The committed

reader (what you are to become after you've learned to read, remember?) never accepts any

one writer's view of human existence until it has passed through his own mental and emotional filters.

Second, and not explored in depth in this article, after you've learned to read, it is important to use quality literature to deepen your awareness of the commonplace in life. So often

young folks and adults live for the "great"moments of life—the end of the term, the Friday

test, the prom, graduation, love, marriage, etc.

that the precious everyday happenings are quite ignored. No instant of life is worthless. Each

moment is worthy of response and reflection. And

so often it is only superb literature that enables us to see our earlier years, our present experiences, and just the ordinary, through the senses of the gifted author.

May I suggest a method of becoming a lifetime reader? Whether you are in school or not,

and no matter how busy you are, if you will always have a worthy book (by the way, there is even something to be said for the other kind, though not much) on your study desk or on the night table, you will find the time to read even if it is only for a few minutes each day. Use

literature in a parallel way to your daily studies

or work. Since books rarely notice your state of

attire, you may come to them slippered, curled, or in any state of dress you happen to be. But,

you must approach them. No book ever flew into

anyone's hands. No person needs "a summer

to read"or a "reading weekend"if he is always reading.

You will grow into tomorrow only as you live

Gayle Johnson, Susan Johnson, Scott Johnson today. Read, now that you've learned, and live!

FEBRUARY 1966 151 Jbra

For a Job Well Done

Father in heaven Hear this my plea, For I have a loved one In service to thee.

Give him the wisdom To know what to do.

Give him the courage To stand for what's true.

Develop his faith So he'll always pray To thee for guidance From day to day.

Keep him forever Safe from all harm That we at home Will be free from alarm.

Give him the strength To escape every snare, Overcome all temptation, Be free from all care.

Give him the patience To understand The customs and people In a strange land.

Let him radiate love That he may be Able to turn Many hearts unto thee.

And let him know That I wait cheerfully For that glorious day Thou return him to me.

by Janelle Smith

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Don't miss the satisfaction of constantly Lincoln Growing caught the boat

contributions and the opportunities that came to by Marion D. Hanks him all were the result of an iron determination

and the will of God.

A truly great man was born on the 12th day I am one who is prepared to believe that Abraof February, long ago. He lived his boyhood days ham Lincoln was chosen by God and made ready

in a frontier cabin, denied substantially every by him, in his own wise way, for a great task that blessing that most boys—even very poor boys had to be done. I don't suggest that Abraham

enjoy today. The preparations he made and his Lincoln knew it during those days of deprivation,

and certainly there wasn't any other mortal wise enough to suppose that much good could come of a boy condemned to such a birth under such circumstances, let alone to suppose that God was shaping a man to meet a challenge.

The early days of his manhood and maturity didn't look much like it either. He was defeated

again and again in his efforts to win political office and in other important objectives he established for himself. But he did not quit. He was

getting ready. Know it or not, he was getting

ready. I remember the last lines of a great poem

about Lincoln

Lincoln was a tall pine, Lincoln kept on growing.

That he had intimations that there were things he was to do seems evident. Long before he

matched his steel with the dreadful problem of slavery, he said, "When I hit that thing I'll hit it hard."And he just kept on growing.

Lincoln's heart was with right, and with the people. An old man who had listened to Abe at

Gettysburg corrected the usual elocutionary presentation of his magnificent address there in one important particular: "Abe didn't say, 'of the

people, by the people, for the people,'like they quote it,"he said. "Abe said, 'of the people, by

the people, for the people.'"

The right? It was Lincoln who said:

I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true; I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound

to live by the light I have.

Think seriously about this man and what he was and did. For we, too, are serving the right,

and our chief concern is people—God's choice

children. Keep serving and loving and growing.

FEBRUARY IS66 1S3 Don't miss the pleasure to be found in good Music

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Listen for excellence

by Lowell M. Durham, PhD

Don't miss the best in music by limiting yourself to one style, one sound.

Listen for excellence wherever it comes.

But what is excellence in music? Is it found only in a symphony, in a

classical rendition?

Consider this: Don't be surprised when the Is Bernstein greater than Brubeck? The

Beatles sing with the Philharmonic! I predict it. Beatles? The Tijuana Brass? Jan Peerce? Sinatra?

Selection: Prelude to the third act of Wagner's Heifetz? Ella? Rubinstein? Julie Andrews?

Lohengrin, which accompanies closing credits in Abravanel? Jack Benny? Roberta Peters? Danny

their recent movie Help! Kaye? Andre Previn? Richard Rodgers? Harry

Impossible? Dave Brubeck appeared with Belafonte? Vladimir Horowitz?

Leonard Bernstein and the New York PhilharThat all depends. This much is certain. Each

monic three seasons back in the premiere (and tops his specialty.

subsequent Columbia recording) of his brother's Each has attained excellence.

Dialogue for Jazz Combo and Orchestra. Excellence in divergent specialties shares one

! No phonies they. Result? Nothing spectacular. Nice experiment. thing in common—authenticity

Demonstrated merely that success in divergent On the side of excellence there is much less commusical specialties easily deteriorates into medipetition than roaming with the thundering herd ocrity if mixed indiscriminately. of mediocrity.

COMPARE THE FOLLOWING

RIGHT QUESTIONABLE (originality and excellence)

Crosby singing "White Christmas"Crosby singing "Ave Maria"

Peerce singing "Carmen"Peerce singing "I Wanna Hold Your Hand!"

Joan Sutherland singing "Mad Scene from Lucia"Sutherland singing "Tisket a-Tasket"

Ella singing "Tisket a-Tasket"Ella singing "Mad Scene from Lucia"

FEBRUARY 1966 15S Excellence in music knows no geographical modernday scriptures'meaning of the term).

boundaries, race, creed, color. Important: Seek Avoid extremes. You may shut yourself off from

it whatever it may be. This is what life—truly what could be some of the most important things

exciting living—is all about. Train your mind in life.

and heart (because music requires 100 percent of No one wants to listen to Debussy all day any both) to discriminate between the excellent and day... nor the Beatles!

mediocre.

But more—-seek excellence in every facet of the QUESTION:

life.abundant WHO OUTDRAWS THE BEATLES? General Eisenhower, in the current autobio-

: BEETHOVEN!graphical account of his presidential years (WagANSWER

ing Peace), offers simple sage advice: WHERE, WHEN: N.Y. Central Park, Summer

"The older I grow, the more I come to respect 1965. SCORE: 70,000, N.Y. Philharmonic—

balance—not only in budgets but in people."In 55,000 Beatles (at Yankee Stadium). other words, the abundant life—moderation (in

TRY A JUDICIOUS BLENDING OF THE FOLLOWING TOP TENS:

CLASSICS JAZZ POPS BROADWAY VIRTUOSOS

COMPOSERS Beethoven Duke Ellington Bing Crosby Rubinstein

Mozart Count Basie Ella Fitzgerald RodgersHammerstein Heifetz

Brahms Stan Kenton Peggy Lee George Gershwin J. Sutherland

Bach Oscar Peterson Nancy Wilson LernerLoewe Robert Merrill

Tchaikovsky Dave Brubeck HiLos Cole Porter Horowitz

Wagner Andre Previn Anita Kerr Singers Jerome Kern Isaac Stern

Debussy Shelly Manne & Co. Norman Luboff Choir Irving Berlin Richard Tucker

R. Strauss Johnny Swingle Singers Leonard Bernstein Roberta Peters

Ravel Modern Jazz Quartet Serendipity Singers Arthur Schwartz Van Cliburn

Schubert Charlie Byrd George M. Cohan Grant Johannesen

Frank Loesser

MASTERWORKS BROADWAY CONDUCTORS COMPOSERS

MUSICALS 20th Century Beethoven -—Missa Solemnis Szell (Cleveland)

J. S. Bach --B Minor Mass My Fair Lady Ormandy (Phila.) Stravinsky

J. S. Bach --St. Matthew Sound of Music Von Karajan Webern

Beethoven -—Symphony #5 Oklahoma Stokowski Bartok

Beethoven -—Symphony #3 South Pacific Steinberg (Pittsburgh) Berg

Beethoven -—Symphony #7 The King and I Abravanel (Utah) Prokofiev

Handel --The Messiah Showboat Bernstein (N.Y.) Copland

Brahms -—Symphony #4 Music Man Zubin Mehta (L.A.) Milhaud

Mozart -—Don Giovanni Kiss Me Kate Krips (S.F.) Sibelius

Wagner -—Die Meistersinger Hello, Dolly Leinsdorf (Boston) Bloch

On a Clear Day You Robertson Can See Forever Britten Boulez FOLK & FOLKISH ROCK 'N ROLL

Peter, Paul, Mary The Beatles Early Burl Ives (That's all—the

Christy Minstrels rest are shirttailers!

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ''-.:

Facets of prayer

by Truman G. Madsen

My point is simple. The "how"of prayer is both

the hardest and the easiest thing in the world.

Enos proves it.

My inspiration is simple: I know a lot of

twentieth century lads just like Enos.

One afternoon Enos went "to hunt beasts in the forest."He was not long in the wilds before

he forgot all about hunting. He forgot because

he began remembering. Here is what he wrote

... the words which I had often heard my

father speak concerning eternal life, and the joy of the saints, sunk deep into my heart. And my

soul hungered....

He went to his knees and began to cry unto God for relief from his backlog of evasion and coverup.

How long did he pray? All day long and on

into the night. What could he possibly say in all

that time? He tells us that his prayers were

"many long strugglings,"a searching and exFEBRUARY 1966 157 posing of his own depths, pouring out "my whole soul."

The answers (and they came in what a presentday apostle calls "finished sentences") overwhelmed him. "Enos, thy sins are forgiven

thee...."He prayed on, and still on, for those he

loved, for reassurance about the future. And when

testimony came, here, too, "I... knew that God

could not lie;... wherefore my soul did rest."

And he returned home.

So what was unique about Enos'prayer?

The Hidden Self

It was a "wrestle which I had before God,"a pouring of his real self into the cups of his words.

But it was more than that. At one level we all

indulge the daily cliches and more or less "mean"them, e.g.: "Forgive us.... Help us overcome our

weaknesses."At a deeper level we voice actual

present feelings, even when they are raw, ugly, miserable ones. "Father, I am pained—troubled

racked with anxiety."But there is a deeper level,

the inmost, which often defies words, even feelingwords. These thirsts may be likened to what the

scriptures call "groanings which cannot be uttered."Turned upward they became the most

powerful prayer thrust of all. There is a wordless

center in us.

Such, we may be sure, was the tone of Enos'prayer through those long hours. He learned that

when we break the veil to our deepest self we penetrate also the veil of heaven.

Faith in Christ

Some might say, "Well, maybe Enos just had more faith than the rest of us; likely he was

gifted that way, naturally religious."

Look more closely.

His words suggest that he was surprised to,/- learn he had any faith. He knelt mostly convinced

of one thing: a weighing mountain of his own

great need. That kind of mountain, incidentally,

only faith can move. After many hours of pleading, and receiving, he was in awe. "My guilt was

swept away,"he says. He did not doubt that it

was gone. But marveling he cried out, "Lord,

how is it done?"

ttaBWr* Note the puzzling answer. "Because of thy

faith in Christ, whom thou hast never before

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA heard nor seen."True enough. He had not seen

Christ. But he had heard of him in the living

words of his father.

But notice also that the instant he had a directing touch from the Lord, it brought a staggering inner influence. "... my faith began to be unshaken..."he writes. Thus kneeling there, the

mustard seed became a tree!

There is, in all of us, an eternity more of trust in Christ than we tap. Kneeling to reach for

faith we may find we are reaching with it. That,

Enos shows us, is another facet of real prayer.

Enos'response was total. He did not run away

holding his ears. We have the hindsight (the

record is clear) to know that Enos became a lifelong dynamo, that he was "wrought upon by the power of God"unto the end of his days and that he "rejoiced in it above that of the world."

That was foresight for God. Surely the Lord

knew the real Enos—that he had it in him to use

divine power as he, the Lord, would use it. That

enabled him, yes, enabled him, to answer Enos without reserve. It must be a different problem

for the Lord to answer cool, bargaining, curious, alltalk-andno-listen prayers. Sft; Wf And isn't it true that, unlike Enos, we pray for

God to change everything—except us?

We hear much today about the "identity crisis"in typical teenagers, the ache that comes when to lonely, beginsone a ask in anguished way, f.:

I really do of V'. want?"What"Who am I? A lot

fuzzy answers can be given. But what is needed

is a change of question. If you are, as I happen w

to know, an embryonic Enos, then you can kneel \ * in some forest or other and ask from the center of you, "Whose am I?"And I testify that when

you expose your hidden self and latent faith and when you honor the quiet voice with total response, you will make a double discovery—yourself and Jesus Christ. V

That is what prayer is all about.

I > J

FEBRUARY 1966 159 The Last Word

>.;i*;iff;; HE:

People who court only on the basis of recreation and If ye walk in my romance have no guarantee whatever that they will statutes, and keep my be blessed with a happy marriage. They don't fulfill commandments, ye

the purposes of courtship, and therefore they gamble shall dwell in your their happiness in marriage.... If people could land safely. And 1 will

only develop Christian qualities of character first, give peace in the land, and then become good friends before they become and none shall make sweethearts, marriage would have a foundation as you afraid. Neither

firm as a pyramid, and romance would sweeten shall the sword go and enrich the Christian life of the couple and through your land.

their friendship.... Build the friendship first—Extracted from

let the romance come last.—Lowell L. Bennion Leviticus 26:3, 5-6.

God ever works with those Beggar: Do you have enough money for a sandwich?

who work with him.—Aristotle College student: Oh, I'll get by somehow, thank you.

Recreation and diversion are as necesEvery man is said to sary to out wellbeing as the more have his peculiar amserious pursuits of lite. There is not a bition.... I have no

man in the world hut what, if kept at other so great as that any one branch of business or study, will of being truly esteemed become like a machine. Our pursuits of my fellowmen,

should be so diversified as to develop by rendering myself every trait of character and diversity worthy of their esteem.

of talent.—President Brigham Young—Abraham Lincoln

Some men elecThe prettiest thing is to have no trify their audifaults at all. We should cultivate

ences, others a meek, quiet and peaceable only gas them. spirit.—Joseph Smith the Prophet

Maid: I'm sorry, but she said to tell you that To know is a greatNever put off till tomorshe is not home. Caller: Oh, that's all right; er perfection than to row that which you can

just tell her that I'm glad I didn't come. doubt.—Rene Descartes do today.—Spanish proverb

Have you heard about the man The gentleman stopped to talk to who took a vacation to forget the wee girl who was making mud everything? The first night at pies on the sidewalk. "My word,"

the hotel he opened his travhe exclaimed, "you're pretty eling bag and faund that dirty, aren't you?""Yes,"she rehe had forgotten everything. plied, "but I'm prettier clean."

160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \ y

*iiP

M

on KSL, home of radio!

BYU BASKETBALL SCHEDULE

DATE OPPONENT SITE TIM E (MST) Thrilling playby-play

Feb. 5 *Utah Salt Lake City 7 45 p.m.

7 p.m.Feb. 11 45 Utah State Logan

7 p.m. action with Provo 45Feb. 12 Denver

Feb. 18 Arizona State Tempe 7 45 p.m.

Feb. 19 *Arizona Tucson 7 45 p.m.

Feb. 25 New Mexico Provo 7 45 p.m.

Feb. 26 *Wyoming Provo 7 45 p.m.

Mar.5 *Utah Provo 7 45 p.m. PAU L JAM ES

Conference games

Brought to you by:

Deseret Federal Savings and Loan Ass'n. 1160 Bennett Glass and Paint Company TUPPICdIAL

BeelineFrontier Refining Company

Schick Razor Company Broadcast House home Of radio Salt Lake City, Utah

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Will you be ready when he is?

Investigate this U\ i

The Beneficial Life Mission Motivator ME1B Plan makes your savings systematic and

Latterday Saint families have been sure. It gives you these advantages:

advised repeatedly to build a missionary

Reminds you to save regularly.

fund for their children. Yet, despite

Guarantees that the money will be good intentions—many of us save the available when the call comes—// the

"put'ntake"method—we put some plan is fulfilled.

in; take some out, and end up Has paidup options in case the plan

about where we started. can't be continued. *

Provides flexibility to suit your income

Call your Beneficial Life man and needs.

If Dad should not live to complete the about this plan—soon, plan we pay premium automatically.

or mail the coupon below. Pays Mission funds either in monthly

allotment checks or as a lump sum.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

Beneficial Life Building—Salt Lake City, Utah

Yes, Fd like to know more about your new "Mission Motivator"Plan. BENEFICIAL LIFE

NAME Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or RFD Now over 600 Million dollars of Life Insurance in force.

CITY STATE ZIP CODE.