Ol.Wa'/, '')

'TN M'/ iKJ

'fr:-

>gS?y!Zy'''-Tv

it* VoL. 31 JUNE, 1928 No. 8

Men Who Tithe WILLIAM G. SHEPHERD

Religious Training JAMES J. DAVIS

The Hill Cumorah PRESIDENT A. W. IVINS

u:i I If i Founded on Revelation

PRESIDENT C. W. NIBLEY

CHANGE OF SENTIMENT WILLARD W. BEAN

BRIGHAM YOUNG IN 1860 PRESTON NIBLEY STORIES—EDEN—THE

MARRYGO-ROUND ALBERT R. LYMAN—EDNA NELSON

SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES

OFFER

SPECIAL SUMMER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN

TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO. $40.00

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED. $47.50

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY MAY 15TH TO SEPT. 30TH

FINAL RETURN LIMIT OCT. 31ST

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHOPJE WASATCH 3008—3078

Utah’s Oldest Continuous Mercantile House

High Ideals

From the day of its incc,tion, this firm has been guided by high ideals of business conduct: To build solidly, with the future ever in mind—

To make a friend, or strengthen a friendship, by every transaction—

To regard this business as a public service—not merely as the bartering of

merchandise—

To remember always the priceless value of a good name—

To do our share in the upbuilding of a community—

To retain the personal touch—to have the same interest in every eustomer, when we

are big, tliat we had when we were small—

To insist on quality, remembering that no price is low enough to justify inferior goods—To give our patrons always the advantage of large selections in all lines of merchandise—

To be conservative in our ADVERTISING and modest in our claims—

Remember you always pay less at DINWOODEY’S.

ESTABLISHED 1857 DINWOODEY’S "GOOD FURNITURE *'

U'HBN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ANNOUNCEMENT

'"T"HE President and Directors of Beneficial Life Insurance Company wish to 1 announce that by unanimous vote of the entire stock the Beneficial is now converted into a participating company as of January 1st, 1928. Beginning

January 1st. 1929, we will, as often and in such amounts as is consistent with safety,

distribute to the policyholders, all future net earnings of the company in excess of 3 1/3 percent on the stockholders investment. This participating benefit extends

to all those now holding nonparticipating policies in the company as well as to holders of participating policies. All new business will be written at the low non

participating premium rates of the company. None the less, it will be fully partici

pating. This will make the Beneficial Life, to all intents and purposes, a mutual

company, operating on a lower premium basis than any participating company we know of.

With conservative and efficient control and management assured the company will be able to supply the public with the best in life insurance.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

President.

The Management has pleasure in announcing to the Public that the purpose of the present owners of the Beneficial Life Insurance Company in acquiring their holdings was not to speculate or to invest but solely to make it possible to direct the affairs of the company in the interest of the policyholders, thereby furnishing the public THE VERY BEST THERE IS IN

LIFE INSURANCE AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE COST.

Beneficial policies are issued on the life of any insurable risk—men, women and children,

from one day old to age sixtyfive. Our juvenile insurance is written on standard forms,

making it possible for the entire family to be covered by BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE.

Through the splendid support and confidence of the public the Beneficial has become one of the large financial institutions of the west and one of the leading insurance companies of the intermountain country. Although we have enjoyed a phenomenal growth in the past,

the inauguration of this new participating plan should bring even greater results for the future.

PARTICIPATING POLICIES AT LOW NONPARTICIPATING RATES

It will pay you to see a representative of the Beneficial Life who will be pleased to furnish, without obligation, information and advice on your insurance problems.

HOME OFFICE—VERMONT BUILDING—SALT LAKE CITY

DIRECTORS:

HEBER J. GRANT JOHN C. CUTLER

A. W. IVINS LORENZO N. STOHL

C. W. NIBLEY JOSEPH F. SMITH

GEO. J. CANNON

B. F. GRANT

AXEL B. C. OHLSON

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PELASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Incomparable SALT AIR

Utah’s greatest pleasure resort, opened May 26 to the pleasureseeking public for the 1928 summer season.

FREE DANCING on the world’s largest and finest dance floor to the latest dance hits by Don Tibbs and his famous 14piece orchestra awaits all who enjoy stepping to the light fantastic.

Take a dip in SALTAIR where you float like a cork—try to sink—you can’t. 1000 clean, private

bath houses, each equipped with a freshwater shower.

Bathers this season are permitted to roam the resort in their swimming regalia and visit the concessions with the exception of the dance floor.

Train schedule, via the Saltair Electric, is as follows; 7:15 and 9:15 a. m., 12 noon, 2 p. m.

And Every Half Hour. All Concessions Open

35c ROUND TRIP FARE Including Admission

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PELASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I- JUNE, 1928

Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Portrait of President Brigham Young - - - Frontispiece

In Blossom Time. A Poem - - Joseph Longking Townsend 631

Men Who Tithe.William G. Shepherd 633

Foolish things. A Poem - - - Shirley Rei Gudmundsen 645

TheHumility.646Right Way OF Tithing.. -. Albert R. Lyman 646

The Necessity of Religious Training in Modern Education

James J. Davis, U. S. Sec’y of Labor 647

Brigham Young AS Seen IN 1860. Illustrated - Preston Nibley 651

Church Founded Upon Revelation - Prest. Charles W. Nibley 658

Honored Laborers.Carlyle 664Our Very Present Help...... Amicus 665

An Episode of Euthanasia. A Poem - Joseph Longking Townsend 671

Sunlight and Health.... George H. Maaghan 672

Smoke. A Poem... -. Grace Ingles Frost STh

Hill Ramah—Hill Cumorah. Photo.674

The Hill Cumorah - -, - - Prest. Anthony W. Ivins 675

What We Need. a Poem - - Lula Greene Richards 681

Change of Sentiment. Illustrated - - Willard W. Bean 682

Make More of Family Life - - - Harriet Beecher Stowe 687

The Wisdom of the Wise - - - George Albert Smith. Jr. 688

The Sinner’s Pr.yyer. A Poem - - - E. Cecil McCavin 690

Knowledge of Technique.... Charles Kent 691

Pioneer Days in Arizona - - - - LeRoi C. Snow 692

Worldly Paradise. Illustrated - Dr. George w. Middleton 693

Houses. A Poem ----- Mrs. Merling D. Clyde 695

Eden. A R. Lyman 696

When You Look at the Stars. A Poem - Bertha A. Kleinman 700The MARRYGO-ROUND.Story.AlbertA Story - - - Edna Nelson 70!

The Unlucky A. Graff 703Messages fromDraw.Elmerthe Missions. Illustrated - - - 704

Priesthood Quorums -.708Mutual Work.709Passing Events.715

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City. Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement. "At usual rates.” are considered free con

tributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City: $2 oer annum. Address: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

-K EDITOR’S ANNOUMCEMENTS

The article "Men Who Tithe", in this cussion or inquiry about this matter; Pres

number of the Era, was written by a na ident Ivins has officially placed Ramah tionally eminent author and first published and Cumorah, and thus it should stand for by The World’s Work. In an interesting all time.

way, it points out the fact that many of June 1 will be the birthday anniversary our country’s most successful men consider of the mighty Pioneer and Prophet of themselves partners with God, to whom God—President Brigham Young. With the

they gladly pay a tenth or more of all multitude in “Motmondom”, we pause to their income. Some of our readers might give especial respect and reverence to

have had the idea that the Latterday his honored name and memory on his

Saints are the only people who observe natal day. For a most interesting and

the law of tithing, or that it applies only vivid pen picture of the Prophet in 1860.

to us. The article shows, however, that read the article by Preston Nibley, begin

it is a fundamental principle in the lives ning on page 651. The description was

of many others, who consider its observ written by Captain Richard F. Burton,

ance necessary to their success and hap worldrenowned traveler, who was visiting piness, The example of these various men for a few days at that time in the “City of is worthy of our most sincere consideration the Saints”. You’ll find many ot’Her in

and emulation in the matter of tithing; teresting items in the article.

except that, in recognizing God as out Salesmanship is the basic factor of our partner, we must recognize his Church—modern business life. And what is adver

the channel through which he operates. tising but group salesmanship? As all

We firmly believe that, being a law of sales work is not intensive—done with an

God, tithing should properly be paid to order book and pencil at hand,—so all

the Church of God, and be distributed, advertising is not placed with the expecta for the good of humanity, through God’s tion of a certain percentage of direct re recognized servants. turns. Often the “best salesman on the

The Era is justly proud in having force” is appointed to form the acquaint among its contributors this month an out ance of a prospective buyer and associate standing man of the Nation. U. S. Sec with him in every way possible; is carefully

retary of Labor James J. Davis, on in instructed to avoid any reference to goods

vitation of Superintendent George Albert or buying, but diplomatically to estab

Smith of the Y. M. M. 1. A., wrote “The lish his confidence and good will. This

Necessity of Religious Training in Modern form of missionary work, in both per

Education” (page 647) especially for sonal salesmanship and advertising, is the Era. We heartily recommend the ar necessary to the success of big business.

ticle to our readers. Without the confidence and good will of

If you have been uncertain as to the the buying public, any business firm would location of the hill Cumorah, if you have soon “go to the wall”. To establish this

wondered whether Ramah and Cumorah necessary confidence and good will, and to were the same hill, and whether it was disseminate general information, much located in North or South America, you general advertising must be done through can settle your mind pn that point by out business. As an effective medium for

reading President A. W. Ivins’ sermon general advertising, the Improvement Era

published in this number (page 675). stands without a peer in the intermoun

There has been much argument on this tain country. It enters the homes of sub

question, and the Era has received many scribers with dignity and prestige, and re letters in which inquiry was made as to the mains as an appreciated, permanent piece viewpoint of the Church regarding it of literature. Choose the Era for effective

There should be no further need of dis general advertising.

In Blossom Time

Oh, the miracle of life!

Oh, the resurrection’s boon!

Out of the shroud another birth.

Another season in tune With the infinite plan of creation.

In the swing of the planet’s range.

To renew all life, for there is no death

In the ceaseless circle of change.

Life in the clear, warm air;

Life in the soil below;

Life in the herb and shrub and tree

Where the vital currents flow With the pulsing rhythm of beauty,

With the genesis of clime—

And out of the promise springs the glow

Of the beautiful blossom time.

In those creative schools wherein God’s plan

Once formed the new designs for future earths.

What variations of these flowers began

In richer guise of new creative births?

Shall not the humble pansy gorgeous bloom

In some more perfect symbol of the heart?

Shall not the rose more attributes assume—

Upon some future life more joy impart?

O life infinite! What is thine is mine!

I wait, I wait! Life grows into its prime.

The life of earth and Heaven is divine—

No end shall ever be to blossom time.

Maywood. California JOSEPH LONGKING TOWNSEND

Improvement Era*

Vol. XXXI JUNE, 1928 No. 8

Men Who Tithe*

By William G. Shepherd

The names of the men who tithe, whose experiences are described in this article, have pur posely been omitted, because the subject we wish to stress is tithing and not mere material success.

Tithing is a spiritual exercise, or a psychological experiment, or a religious duty, as you will.

The material rewards, extraordinary as they are, nevertheless are accounted only as secondary benefits by the men who practice tithing. Any reader who is sufficiently interested to ask us

for the name and address of any or all of the men mentioned, can get them from us upon applica tion, provided he assures us he makes the request in search of further light on the subject and not out of idle curiosity.—Editors The World's Work.

walked slowly through the empty rooms of the littleMe factory. He was alone in the building. As yet the machin

ery was not in place.

He was starting over in life; his first attempt at business had

not been a success. The tiny string of credit which he had to

depend upon in his new venture was made up of the faith of a few close friends rather than the calculated, mathematical confidence of banks.

When he came to a remote corner of one of the upper floors he knelt and closed his eyes and prayed.

Then he got up and went out into the world again and began his hard business fight. The machinery came, at last, and he started

to make furniture. He borrowed and borrowed; his improving

business records strengthened his credit.

But there was a mystery about him in the fields of credit. Al

though he began to look more and more safe to the credit men, he seemed to insist on giving money away. While he was borrowing,

he gave. Sometimes he said “no” to those who asked for financial

aid for religious or philanthropic purposes. But when he did say

“yes,” he said it with an alacrity that astonished the recipient. He

did not give money to foolish ventures or to unsound enterprises, but it was a puzzling thing to the bankers to have him borrow from them while he was giving money freely to help others who were finding the world a hard place to live in.

But his business grew; within a few years it became wellestablished; his furniture became known to the trade for its honest

From The World's Work of July, 1924. Copyright by The World's Work, Doubleday,

Doran 8 Co., Inc.

634 IMPROVEMENT ERA

quality. At last, there came a time when borrowing was no longer

necessary.

His tiny string of credit had become a thousandstranded cable;

he was one of the marked successes in the furniture world.

When he died, after a wellrounded life, the mystery of his gifts was explained. It seemed that, during all his business career,

he had considered that the money which he borrowed, the money which he earned, and the money which he gave away was not his own money at all; it was God's money.

Over his casket, that day of the funeral, the clergyman of the church which he had attended told the story.

“I have carried a secret about our friend,” ran the gist of the clergyman’s story, “which I have never been able to reveal until now.

He asked me never to tell it while he was alive.

“When he was making his second start in life, so he told me, he knelt in an empty room in his new factory, and he told God that he wanted to take Him into partnership; that onetenth of all

the earnings should go to Him; and that he would use the money

in all his business ventures as if it were God’s money.

“That was the secret of his life,” said the clergyman.

Then, at last, the bankers and the other furniture manufac turers and his friends and associates knew why this man had given away money even while he was borrowing it.

One of the great furniture manufacturers of Grand Rapids recently told me this story; every other manufacturer in that great

furniture center knows about the good furniture that was made with

God’s money.

It would be a posthumous violation of this furniture manu facturer’s secret to give his name in this widely read magazine.

“It’s a silent partnership, you know,” he told his clergymanconfessor.

But there’s many a home in the United States today that is graced with the honest furniture that was made by this man with what he considered God’s funds.

A Seattle Girl, Thirty Years Ago

I don’t suppose that any one knows where that Salvation

Army girl is now.

"CHARLIE” PAGE, of Tulsa and Sands Springs, Oklahoma, paid his first tithe when he was down to his last dollar and fifteen cents. He did a little

better than a tenth, as he gave the fifteen cents. Since then he has been working

with God’s money and it has come in millions through the discovery of oil.

Everything Page has touched since he paid that first fifteen cents has coined money for him. It is as much God’s money as his, he says.

MEN WHO TITHE 1535

If you were to hunt for her, you would have to seek among whitehaired women and find one who had been a Salvation Army girl in the city of Seattle about thirty years ago. And then you

would have to refresh her memory, for the incident was a passing one—very small and easily forgotten.

She was standing on the sidewalk, so the story goes, when a young man came out of a saloon. She smiled and shook her tambou

rine at him. She didn’t know that this young man had been a

partner of “Dude” Lewis in the real estate business, and that the firm was busted; she didn’t know that “Dude” Lewis was, a quarter

of a century or more later, to be known as United States Senator

J. Ham Lewis. Neither did she know that this young man was to

become, in a strange way, one of the rich oilfinders of the United

States—Charles Page, of Tulsa and Sand Springs, Oklahoma. So

she only smiled and shook her tambourine.

“I’m broke,” said the young man. “I’m down to my last

dollar.” “Well, why don’t you tithe?” she asked, still smiling.

“Tithe? What does that mean?” asked the young fellow.

“Why, the Bible says that we ought to give onetenth of what we have to the Lord,” she explained.

“All right!” said the youth. “I’ve got a dollar and fifteen

cents. I’ll do better than onetenth. I’ll give fifteen cents.”

He tossed the fifteen cents into the tambourine and went his way.

You’d have to ask this whitehaired woman, if you found her.

whether she remembered this passing incident; and she would prob

ably be unable to recall it. It was only a case of youth meeting a

girl in a poke bonnet, a farmer boy away from home in rather shabby clothes on the sidewalk of an uncouth town, and chatting and smiling together for a moment and then going their separate ways.

But, if you could find her, you could show her an amazing thing; you could show her that her laughing Bible lesson was per

haps the most important thing she ever did in her life.

From that day, so they tell you in Tulsa, Charles Page “tithed,” and more than “tithed.”

“Charlie” Page has been working with “God’s money” ever since.

His luck at striking oil has been phenomenal; there is a tradi

tion in the oil fields of the country that “Charlie” Page never misses a “hole.” Where he drills oil comes, they say. You cannot get

Page to talk about his “partnership”; it is his own private affair.

But once he told a friend, in speaking of his success at drilling;

“I think I’ve missed only two boles in my life. You see, I

636* IMPROVEMENT ERA

couldn’t miss, because I was in partnership with the Big Fellow and

He made geology.”

A Children’s Ideal Community

If there is a finer sight in this country than Sand Springs,

Oklahoma, I haven’t encountered it. It is a town built entirely

around children who have been unfortunate in life.

“Charlie” Page’s tithes did not go into the church; they went

into helping children who were unlucky. He built himself a home

in the country, outside of Tulsa, some years ago; then he built an

other home near by for children. There wasn’t room in his own

house for all the children in trouble. That was twenty or more

years ago.

Today, if you will walk up toward the brick building which houses “Charlie” Page’s children, you will be met with an onrush of boys and girls that may sweep you off your feet. That Salvation

Army girl would like to see it. They all called him “Daddy” the

day I went there with him. At least fifty of them tried to reach

him and maul him.

There were great grounds, grassy and shaded with trees, and the children seemed to be running toward us from all directions.

Upstairs in the nursery we saw little children playing who were too young to run, but they laughed when big “Charlie” Page came into the room. In other rooms we saw at least half a dozen tiny babies,

too young to crawl, with nurses caring for them. When God’s

money takes care of babies it asks no questions.

Everything that “Charlie” Page has done to help these chil dren has developed into a successful business enterprise; they’d tell

you all about this tradition in Tulsa. He built a street car line to

Tulsa from Sand Springs, and that paid. Land values went up out

there and many people built homes in Sand Springs. He established

a small bottling plant to bottle the spring water for use in the children’s house, and the public began to buy it for table use. He

wanted the children to have fresh vegetables, and his gardens have grown until they show on the right side of the ledger. He started

a small plant to can vegetables and fruit for the children; now his

canning business is an important industry.

Once “Charlie” Page went to New York. At Coney Island

he saw the famous merrygo-round, said to be the largest ever made.

There never was anything too good for the Sand Springs children;

wherefore Page instructed the manufacturer of this merrygo-round to make another and to ship it, music and all, to Sand Springs.

Around that merrygo-round has grown up one of the finest amusement parks in the country; it is where Tulsa goes to play.

Every concession is held by a mother of one of the children in the

MEN WHO TITHE 637

home, I was told. Page wanted his children to learn to swim—

and he showed me a huge pool, almost a little lake, where not only his children, but all the children and all the adults of the city of

Tulsa and the entire countryside come to cool off during the hot

Oklahoma days. The bath houses pay; everything pays.

Out of the big zoo, at Christmas time, “Charlie” Page takes a Christmas dinner for his children that cannot be equalled in the

United States; there is bear meat and rabbit and venison and wild

bird meat and fish of all kinds.

Tell it to the Bees

The folks laugh pleasantly, at Tulsa, when they tell you about how “Charlie” Page’s enterprises always succeed. They have

this story about him:

He made up his mind that it would be interesting to have a hobby—something that wouldn’t turn into a profitable business on

his hands. A friend suggested bees. Page sent East for a bee expert.

The expert brought samples of bees.

“You’ll have to plant alfalfa for this one and clover for this one,” explained the expert, describing the peculiarities of each variety of bee. Page listened patiently until the expert was through. Then

he said: “Blankety blank! Those aren’t the kinds of bees I want. I

want a bee that you can turn loose to play, not work. I want one

that you can tell: ‘Here, bee! Here’s the whole great state of Okla

homa. Go out and have a good time and find some honey. If you

can’t find it here, you can’t find it anywhere.’ ”

That the man who takes God into honest, square partnership cannot get into financial trouble, or any other very deep trouble, is “Charlie” Page’s belief. A Bishop went to see him one time, they

tell you in Tulsa; the church needed money. Not much of “Char

lie” Page’s money goes into churches, I am told; they say he is a

little impatient with churches that arc in financial need; he cannot

understand it. The Bishop seated himself, at Page’s invitation,

but before the Bishop could say a word Page looked him square in the eyes and said, simply:

“Bishop, do you tithe?”

The will of ALLEN F. BERLIN, state operator, who died at Slatington,

Pa., last week, was probated today. Part of the estate, valued at $250,000, was

left to charity under the following provisions:

“Onetenth of my estate I recognize as belonging to the Lord, to be given to the most deserving charities, to be selected by the executors’ jury the first year after my death.”—News Item.

638 IMPROVEMENT ERA

“Why, I give my entire time to the church,’’ was the answer.

“Yes, I know,’’ answered Page. “I understand that. But do

you tithe?’’

The Bishop admitted that he did not. The story in Tulsa goes

that the Bishop’s effort was not a success.

Mysticism or Superstition?

There are many men in business in America today who are consistent tithers; you find them among both Jews and Gentiles.

You may call it mysticism, if you please, or even superstition, but these men will tell you unashamedly that it pays to tithe.

“If it paid only in a financial way,’’ one of these men explained to me, “tithing might not be so important. Almost any one can

make money who makes up his mind to do it, and is willing to sacrifice for it. But it pays in a hundred other ways, in the feeling

you get, for instance, that you’re doing right, and that you’ve got right on your side.’’

American business life is dotted with the romantic successes of men who believe in tithing. Twentyfive years ago a business man

in a town in Kansas failed in business, with debts of more than $100,000. Today he might be many times a millionaire, if he de

sired. He is the manufacturer of a lotion which is universally used.

He does not tell the story of his experiences in such a way that it can be connected in the public mind with his famous product; where

fore, so far as this article is concerned, Americans will go on using this lotion without knowing about this manufacturer’s partnership with God.

Close friends know his story, and it runs like this;

When he was worse than bankrupt, he “opened his Bible at

Genesis 28:22 and, drawing a pencil mark around this twentysecond verse, he said: ‘From this moment on as long as I live, of

all that God gives me I will give Him onetenth.’ ’’

Not long after this he called on an old friend, a physician.

The physician had a recipe for a lotion which he presented to his visitor. He suggested that it was so soothing a lotion and so bene

ficial that it ought to be put on the market.

Here is a statement from this man, the president of one of

America’s most successful manufacturing companies, written pur posely for this article:

JAY COOKE (18211905), who founded the banking firm of Jay Cooke

Company in 1861, and was substantially the financier of the Union cause during the Civil War, tithed in hard times and good, for he held firm to the mystical belief that what he achieved was due to sharing his profits with God.

MEN WHO TITHE 639

“ ‘Lay not up for yourself treasures upon earth,’ etc., and the

interview with the rich young ruler—these teachings gave me the

conviction some years ago that all of my income, except what the family needs, was to be given for building up the kingdom of God.

1 have had more joy, I am sure, than I would have received from becoming a millionaire.”

In these days when believers in odd doctrines obtain ready hearing in the United States, it is not irrational to entertain the statements of believers in the tithing system. Unlike believers in

most mystic doctrines, your convinced tither will show you mathe matically that he has prospered financially as well as in other directions.

A noted Southern lawyer recently announced to friends and associates that some years before he had adopted the principle of tithing. His motto was a verse from the Old Testament; ‘‘Thou

shalt surely give him, and thine heart shall not be grieved when thou givest unto him; because that for this thing the Lord, thy God, shall

bless thee in all thy works, and in all that thou puttest thine hand unto.” He announced his yearly earnings to show his experience.

In a certain year he made $3,900; the next year he made $5,303.17;

the next year his earnings were $21,45 1.44; they more than doubled

(he ensuing year, when he earned $55,455.30. During the year that

be made his unusual announcement he earned $75,862.34.

In the Southwest there is a string of twentyeight stores which form a great monument to a business man who, through his busi ness career, followed the practice of tithing. He explained once,

to friends, why he tithed.

‘‘Why, you and I tithe each other,” he said. ‘‘We would not

lend a neighbor money with which to run his business without inter est. Neither would we expect him to lend us money without paying

interest. I found I was using God’s money and the business talents

He had given me without paying Him interest. That’s all I’ve done

in tithing—just met my interest obligations.”

There is a string of 500 chain stores, operated in almost as many towns and cities in the United States, that is headed by a business man who has tithed consistently. The founder of the busi

ness was a tither, and the president of the company who followed him continued the practice. Ten years ago the sales of this com

pany were $2,500,000 a year. Last year they amounted to more

than $60,000,000.

Experience has taught me,” the president of this company told me, ‘‘that the man prospers best who gives most freely of the bounty that comes to him. The man who founded our company was an

example to all of us who grew up in the business with him. We all

640 IMPROVEMENT ERA

believe that free giving is worth while in more ways than one. In

its turn it promotes prosperity which makes giving possible.”

Many American men and women wear gloves of a wellknown brand that are manufactured by a man who tithes.

Ask him why more and more of us wear his gloves every year, and this manufacturer will smilingly tell you that he has reason to believe that it is because, five years ago, he began to tithe.

‘‘The pastor of my church advocated tithing for its spiritual benefits,” this manufacturer told me. ‘‘He also insisted that busi

ness men would find it a good investment. I tried it and I discovered

that he was right in both respects.

‘‘Giving away onetenth of my income has never reduced my net personal income below that of the previous year. And, what’s

more, our business is increasing steadily.”

In the glove trade it was estimated that the sales of this com pany had increased almost 50 per cent in one year; its improvement

in business was one of the notable events of the trade in 1923.

One Man Out of Eight

Eight brothers, within recent years, have established a firm which manufactures a certain food on most American tables. The

firm has become the largest of its kind in the world. Its sales last

year were made not only through the United States but also in

Europe, Asia, and Africa, and the product is now reaching a world market. To many business men conversant with this particular line

of business the progress of this firm has been a mystery. Its pro

ducts seemed suddenly to become a household necessity.

I should violate a confidence if I were to name this firm and its products: but one of the eight brothers, a vicepresident of the

company, told me;

‘‘Up to the start of 1923 I had been making fairly liberal con tributions to religious and charitable causes, but the amounts varied so much every year that I wasn’t sure I was giving my share. So

I began to tithe in January, 1923. One of my brothers, who is

president of the company, has been a tither for many years. When

I saw him a few months ago, he told me that he had quit tithing and was giving away 25 per cent of his income instead of 10 per cent.

‘‘If there’s any good luck in tithing—though I’m sure that

neither my brothers nor myself are thinking of luck, when we try to do a little good with our money—our president and the rest of

my brothers haven’t any reason to dispute the statement. There are

eight of us brothers in the business, and we have seen it climb from a small beginning to our present concern, which sold $40,000,000 worth of products throughout the entire world last year.

MEN WHO TITHE 641

“At a recent convention of our salesmen there was scarcely one who did not report an increase in sales of at least 75 per cent for 1923, and most of them told us they were expecting a jump of 100 per cent in 1924.

“My one year’s trial, as a tither, in 1923, has convinced me, first, that I did not give away enough money in previous years; and,

second, that even onetenth may be too little.’’

It was a pleasant experience to meet this young business man.

He was smiling, happy, and extremely affable. In the great ware

house in New York—which is only one of the company’s branches

—he was surrounded by a large staff of office employees. It is his

particular job, according to arrangements among the eight brothers, to ship products to the outside world. His firm today is exporting

to the world a product which, until within the last few years, was imported into the United States; a product which, it was believed,

could be successfully manufactured only in foreign countries. There

was nothing that I could find in this atmosphere of assured success and smoothly running progress to contradict the statement that tith ing, among other things, brings prosperity and good fortune.

If this young man could not “dispute’’ that fact, neither could 1. Indeed, I must admit that contact and conversation with men

who believe in tithing is bound to have an impressive effect upon one. Some time ago Sir Arthur Conan Doyle tried to explain to a

group of my friends in New York his interest in spiritism. Among

other things, he described a conversation which took place, in his presence, between two men; he gathered from their conversation, he

told us, that they had both been aloft in their astral bodies and had looked down upon the earth.

“And thus you see,’’ he concluded, “it is possible to believe that there are groups of persons in this world who have discovered the secret of spiritism.’’

In the same way I can say that I have discovered in American business life—and any other person may make further discoveries

in this direction—groups of individuals who are firmly convinced

of the spiritual and material benefits of giving away onetenth of their incomes—if not more.

Those who have this belief do not hesitate to show you definite

The rigid precept of MATTHIAS BALDWIN, founder of the Baldwin

Locomotive Works, was to set apart onetenth of all the earnings of his company for the use of the Lord. In dark days, when his firm was struggling against terrible

financial difficulties, he continued to do so, pointing out to his associates that this was their one safe investment.

642 IMPROVEMENT ERA

proof of its efficacy. This proof, as I have said, is usually very

material and soundly mathematical.

Tithing a Sound Business Investment

In New York City there is a merchant tailor with a large shop in one of the highrent buildings which hundreds of thousands of persons pass daily; it is along one of the very congested pathways of

the city.

To this man his own success in business has only one explana tion—his tithing. He spoke to me as frankly about it as he might

about any other business practice.

“Any man who plays fair with God,’’ he said, “is sure to prosper. I started tithing when I got the idea some years ago that

all I had belonged to God, and that He was permitting me to use it.

I expected, of course, when I began to tithe, that my net income would be reduced by 10 per cent. But this has never happened to

me. Each year’s net income has been larger in spite of tithing.

“When the lease on these quarters ran out a few years ago, a great increase in rent was demanded. We have a very choice cor

ner in a very superior location, but it was hard to see how we could make the payments. I talked the matter over with my wife, and we

both decided that, even if it became necessary to move, we would not stop tithing. We signed the new lease, and at the end of the next

twelve months our net profits showed a fine increase.’’

“Talent loaned by God, time loaned by God, and money loaned by God,’’ has been the working motto of one of the most noted furnace manufacturers of the country.

He has a life of business achievement behind him, and he at tributes it all to the fact that he has considered himself a steward of divinely lent elements of success.

“I had to leave school when I was fourteen,’’ he explained to me, “because of illhealth. I was the oldest of seven children. When

I was a boy the pastor of our church convinced me that everything

I had, or would have, in life would belong to God. As soon as I

understood this I began putting aside onetenth of everything I earned, every day, no matter how small it was. I went out into

life with empty pockets and willing hands and a firm belief in my responsibility to God. God has more than kept His promise to me

financially and spiritually.’’

Ask this man for a formula for success in life and he will give it readily: “Everything you have, even your time, is divinely lent

to you. If you accept it as a divine loan, you cannot fail.’’

Tithing During the Civil War One of the greatest romances of tithing was called to my atten tion by James L. Sayler, of Chicago.

MEN WHO TITHE 643

The financier for the Union cause in the Civil War was Jay

Cooke. There were times when it seemed almost impossible to secure

funds for the Union cause; Cooke, a financial genius, never failed

to find money in some way. He was the head of a manufacturing

lirm. He set aside onetenth of his own earnings for religious and

charitable purposes, and, in addition to this, he insisted that onetenth of all the earnings of his firm should be set aside for the same causes. He was firm in the mystical belief that his success in all the

efforts of his life, personal and patriotic, was due to his tithing.

There is a famous story about Matthias Baldwin, founder of the great locomotive works. It was his practice to have onetenth

of the earnings of the company set aside as tithes, to be used for religious and educational purposes. A great deal of this money went

tor the education of Negroes.

There came a time when his firm encountered tremendous financial difficulties. He insisted on continuing the tithing, in spite

of the lack of funds.

‘Why, that is our one safe investment,” he explained to his associates.

His next payment of tithes was in the form of notes signed by himself! And they were all paid.

Two large manufacturing concerns in the West are headed by

Thomas Kane, one of the most notable tithers in the United States.

He has spent, during the last forty years, many thousands of dollars in trying to prove to his fellows the moral and material benefits of tithing. His inquiry, sent out in the form of a pamphlet, has be

come famous wherever it has gone. It runs: ‘‘My personal belief is

that God honors, both temporally and spiritually, those who devote onetenth of their income to his cause. I have never known an ex

ception. Have you?” It is said that in forty years Mr. Kane, who

uses the nom de plume “Layman,” has never received an affirmative answer to his query.

The Gospel of Tithing

The tithers are busy groups; they are not so difficult to dis

cover, working away in American life, as were Sir Arthur’s spiritists.

They have a mystic belief and they abide by it earnestly. They

press it. too, most earnestly upon those they encounter, for they seem

to feel that they have solved the mystery of the value of life and work, and that all the world ought to know it.

In the world of tithers, where ‘‘Charlie” Page, the oil man, and the rest of them live and work and succeed, the outsider can only stand silent and wonder.

People believe many strange things these days. The world is

full of creeds and doctrines and mysteries.

644 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Who can take away the selfproved belief of the tithers? They

have the soundest arguments of all.

If you endeavor to explain their belief on the ground of psy chology alone you run up against a stone wall.

“It is faith,’’ one eminent psychologist explained. “Faith

gives confidence.’’

Another said, “I will not attempt to explain the belief of the tithers on materialistic grounds. No one can say that there is

not something mystic about their success. I am a Christian myself

and I believe that God takes care of his children.’’

The Psychologist’s Comment

Prof. Robert Sessions Woodworth, head of the department

of psychology at Columbia University, put the cold yardstick of the science of psychology up against the belief—and the successes—

of the tithers. He said;

“The belief that their money was a loan from God, that they were in partnership with him, would give these men who tithe more confidence and selfreliance, would minimize all difficulties in their eyes, and would, no doubt, go far toward bringing them success.

“On the other hand, they were evidently by nature men of unusual energy and selfreliance. In the first place, had they not pos

sessed these qualities they would not have felt that they would dare to begin tithing at a time when their resources were so limited. Men

of less natural energy, weak men, could have been influenced through their reliance on such partnership with Omnipotence to relax their own efforts and trust so far to divine aid that their business could have failed instead of prospering.

“The fact that these men did have so much selfconfidence and energy raises the question whether their success was due to these qualities mainly and whether they could not have succeeded eventu ally without tithing.

“But, still, their belief, considered by itself, does present an element of mysticism, and this belief was doubtless strengthened by their putting it into action; had they merely entertained it as an

abstract conviction it would never have impressed them so deeply.

“In the case of the Oklahoma oil man, however, we must recog nize a distinction. Finding profitable oil wells, so far as I know,

is largely a matter of chance. If that is the case, granted to the finder

a certain knowledge of geology, the finder’s natural energy and selfreliance would be of relatively little importance.

“There are missing factors, of course, the absence of which prevents our reaching an accurate conclusion. We should hear from

those oil men who did not tithe and did not share the tither’s belief

MEN WHO TITHE 645

as to divine partnership and who, nevertheless, were remarkably suc cessful in striking oil; also, we should hear from sincere tithers, if

any, who sought for oil and usually missed it. And, as to business

men generally, we lack the testimony of the honest tithers who have not prospered in a material way. In New England, where I was

reared, the ministers habitually advocated tithing as a duty. I have

no doubt that many persons of slender means were there induced to adopt the practice and that not all of these persons attained ma terial prosperity.

“But men are not inclined to talk about their failures. It is

practically impossible to supply these absent factors and hence any precise solution of the problem—the effect of tithing on the tither—

can hardly be expected.’’

That’s the nearest I could come to securing from science an explanation of the stories of success which smilingfaced business men have laid before me within recent weeks.

I presented this explanation to a business man who tithes.

“Yes,” he said, “that sounds all right. But you know there

are other successes than money ones. I’ve got something more than

money out of tithing: it’s given me happiness and contentment that

I never could have bought. Suppose some of the New England

families who tithed did not succeed financially. Could science

measure the contentment which these families might have through knowing that God was a partner in home affairs?”

Tithing means giving onetenth of income.

Most of the business men mentioned in this article ceased “tith ing” some time ago. Now they give far more than onetenth.

“Tithing is the minimum that your Partner expects from you,” said one eminently successful man. “That’s only good interest.

I’ve been trying to use half of my income in His affairs lately.

That’s full partnership.”

Foolish Things

When I think of all the foolish things Yet, when from all these foolish things

That happen in a day of mine.—I take just one

The blunders and mistakes I make, That’s made an hour black.

The worries and the petty hurts Hold it before the golden sun

A tired heart can conjure up, And watch the light

Like screeching devils from the fired sea,—Make rainbows on its circled edge,

Beneath the jagged mass of them I see only

I stagger, crushed and beaten. A thinspun bubble, that will burst

Before it rises far.

SHIRLEY RE! GUDMUNDSEN

The Right Way of Tithing

By Albert R. Lyman

URELY for anything as important as paying tithing, there is a right way and a wrong way. The right way proves to be

the easiest way, to most people it is the only possible way and if they are too slow to find it they become discouraged and quit.

The right way of tithing is to pay it when it comes in, at least to put it aside at that time for tithing, and to refrain from using it in any other way. It should be paid at least once a month.

Tithing naturally becomes due on the earliest date after which it is in the hands of those who owe it, and the net gain should then be ascertained and paid or set aside. Overdue tithing is in

a variety of dangers. In the first place, it is likely to be turned to

another purpose, and be difficult or impossible to find again for payment. The tithing overdue for a long period is not likely to be

correctly remembered, and a dishonestly small amount made to suffice.

One man who began paying promptly every month surprised himself with the large amount he paid and the ease with which he paid it. Delay of tithing, as of any other duty, is demoralizing, we

lose the spirit of it, we become dangerously selfish. After delaying

payment a long time, we have neither the habit nor the spirit of paying. In many cases, the man who waits till the end of the year

to pay would not believe he owed so much even if he were told.

He has not provided himself with the due amount, and settles his obligation to the Lord on a lower standard of honor than he prides himself in maintaining in his dealings with men.

If we recognize the tithe as due when it comes into our hands, it is easy to pay, much easier then than if we wait till it is larger.

Paying promptly forms the habit, brings the good spirit, and, being up to date in our duty, we have a clear conscience, which we can never enjoy while we are haunted with a sense of neglect.

Humility

Before honor goeth humility.

Let another man praise thee, and not thine own mouth.

Pride goeth before destruction; and a haughty spirit before a fall.

Whosoever shall exalt himself shall be humbled: and whosoever shall humble him

self shall be exalted.

Whosoever would become great among you shall be your minister; and whosoever

would be first among you shall be your servant.

The Necessity of Religious Training in Modern Education

By James J. Davis, U. S. Secretary of Labor

Written especially for the Era, on invitation of George Albert Smith,

General Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A.

IS LESS than a century ago that the Christian world reachedIT the conviction that every child is entitled to an education. This

may be hard to believe, but it is literal fact. Not that the value

of an education was ever belittled by any intelligent person. The

idea that prevailed so long was that education was for the children of the rich or aristocratic circles. Or it was for children of unusual

gifts. These have always been by far in the minority, which meant

that the vast majority of mankind never thought of education as we all know it today. In fact, you do not have to go very far back in

history to find a time when few besides monks or Christian clergy men were able to read and write. Charlemagne himself was only

learning his letters late in life. Kings themselves scorned such

knowledge as beneath them. It is easy to imagine what society was

like in such dark ages.

Today education is part of the democratic ideal. We Amer

icans no more think of depriving a child of his education than we think of depriving a citizen of his right to the ballot. We have only

to make sure that we are putting the principle to the best practical use and in the best practical manner. And we have good reason to

question how well we are doing this. During the Great War it

was revealed to us in the army tests that we are not so well edu cated as we thought we were. Great numbers of drafted men were

found unable to read or write. A discouraging number were found

to be of feeble mentality and unfit for any education at all.

Yet, seeing to it that our children are able to read, write, and possess a fair knowledge of mathematics, geography and the other elementary studies, is not enough. Education should instruct our

children in the art of living life. They should be taught facts, but

they should be built into wellrounded personalities. We must teach

the heart, as well as the head and hand.

Even today we are not quite satisfied as to what constitutes a real education. In some schools our children are crammed with facts.

But the possession of all the facts in the world does not bring sense 648 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and judgment. It is easy for a man to know everything and still

possess no understanding of anything. You may teach a boy half

a dozen languages, and yet not teach him to talk sense in any one of them. Not long ago I met a man who had fluent command of

four or five languages, yet he had no occupation, and despaired of ever finding one. In a sense, he was an educated person, yet he

was at a total loss as to how to take hold of life and put himself to use. Always and everlastingly our system of education must be

aimed to awaken the inner being in every boy or girl, so that they learn only to be aroused to the creation of ideas of their own. In a

word, the thing is not to fill them full of information, but to make them think for themselves.

“All education should be moral first; intellectual secondarily”

—so said John Ruskin. What he meant was that education needs to

be based on the moral or religious sense. It is not enough to be

educated and to have original ideas; those ideas and that teaching

must be used for a good and moral purpose. And by moral purpose

we mean no narrow fanaticism but a breadth that includes all hu manity. A man may profess the most devout belief in a Deity,

and yet live in a way to falsify his profession. On the other hand, a

man may venture no opinions and beliefs as to where he stands in relation to God, and still live a perfectly upright life. In one sense,

the man who professes one way and lives another way is immoral;

whereas, the man who professes no beliefs but lives in an upright manner is moral. I have known many men who pretended to treat

religion lightly, who yet were deeply religious. The point I am

aiming at is that no man can live a truly moral life without proving the existence in himself of a religious nature, no matter what he does or does not profess. So it is that we cannot teach our children

right behavior without waking in them the religious sense. By that

I mean that teaching the upright life is the simplest way of getting religion into education.

But with religion in education, our teaching is built on a solid rock. Without religion, as evoked by sound moral training, all

education is built on the sand.

I am just as strong for the teaching of science, for science can never truly conflict with religion. TTe more we know of the won

ders of the universe, the more we must marvel at the God who created it. Does science prove that religion is false? By no means. The

science that deserves the name of science can only report on what it discovers in Nature. It can thus only make Nature more wonder

ful and aweinspiring. Men ask about the mystery of life, but

science can never answer this question. The scientist may split

matter into molecules, atoms and electrons, but he gets no nearer

THE NECESSITY OF RELIGIOUS TRAINING 649

than he was before to the mystery of life. He only gets nearer

to the Great Cause that has brought into being the material things about us. Ask a scientist, “What is life?’’ and he is as much at a

loss as a savage. The divine spark that has animated clay and made

it a man remains today the mystery it ever was. We know a little

more about the mystery, and the mystery itself is more wonderful and mysterious than ever; that is all. But just because science does

arouse this wonder as to what we are and why we are here, it quickens the religious spirit. So, I say, let us teach science, for the wonder,

the religious awe, it awakens within us.

As a matter of fact, science itself is today becoming less and less materialistic. It has split the molecule into atoms, and the atoms

into particles of electricity. Yet, there is not a scientist able to

explain the nature of electricity. He has simply seen the solid matter

dissolve into particles of force. In a nutshell, we cannot see deeply

into the material objects about us without running straight into

God. The more we know about matter the more we are whisked

off the earth into the realm of spirit. Every day we use electricity

to do every conceivable “material” thing for us; but what this elec

tricity itself is, we do not know, except that it is another of God’s wonders.

Having children of my own, I want them to be men and women convinced that religion is not a special subject for thought on a single day of the week. I want them schooled in the wonders

of this world so that they see a religious significance in everything about them. That is the sort of education I believe in, and the sort

of religious training I think should be a part of that education. If

our world were a toy blown about by blind forces, with no plan, no direction guiding its course, I believe we should all go mad.

What would be the use of life if, after our little span, we were to lie down to an eternal and dreamless sleep? No, all the inspiration

we have to live comes from the conviction that we are here for a purpose. And education should teach us to discover that high pur

pose, and live up to it. That is the morality, the religion, I want

to see introduced in our educational system.

No nation whose people lacked all religious faith, all moral purpose, ever throve and prospered. We hear much today of

“pagan” peoples. It is all a mistake. The socalled pagan peoples

were not irreligious. It is our habit to think of the Greeks and

Romans as pagans. But they had their deeply religious beliefs, and

never profaned those beliefs or denied their gods. We do not now

accept the gods they worshiped so devoutly, and there is a point we should take to heart. The point is that those people were religious.

They taught love of their gods and obedience to divine command to 650 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rhe children in their schools. Today we should recognize the fact

that the religious feeling can exist in many forms. We do not today

worship the gods worshiped by the ancients. But we still have

many different ways of worshiping Deity, and while each of us should preserve his own mode of worship, he should respect the other man's religious beliefs and habits. Tolerance should be a part

of every man’s religion, and tolerance should be a part of every man’s education.

Our forefathers are thought to have been sterner people than we are—people more narrow and bigoted. It is true they may have

had a narrower view of life, because they lacked our modern knowl edge of life. But I believe sometimes they had a deeper knowledge

of the purpose of life. Today too many of our children come forth

from school with the wrong teaching. We send them forth be

wildered, uncertain as to whether or not it is a superstition that we have such a thing as a soul. We leave them equally uncertain as

to how to regard the Bible. They desire to appear “modern,”

and think that to be modern and sophisticated they must deny all the simple old teachings. But if civilization is to live and be passed on

to our successors, we must be all the more sure we teach our chil dren that all the old socalled platitudes are true. We must teach

them that the first of those old truths is that life must be lived nobly in the sight of God and our fellowbeings. It is always true

that we need to be kind and good to one another. That, too, is

only another expression of the religious spirit in us.

What really is morality? My answer is, it is the science of

acting nobly and with decency toward one another. You might put

that principle of morality into any system of clauses you please, but the form would mean little so long as the central principle remained the same—the principle of kindness to others. The teachings of any

form of religion should put its believers into harmony with God.

Just so, the methods of education should awaken in our children that moral and religious sense without which any nation must die.

Let us fill our boys and girls with a love of beauty and a desire to find it and live it. What is morality but fineness and beauty

of conduct? Yet even this is not all. It is not enough to win the

approval of your fellowbeings. For peace of his soul, a man must

have the approval of his God. Let us have the moral training that

will give us the approval of our fellowbeings. Let us have the

religious training that will give us God’s blessing.

Brigham Young as Seen in 1860

By Preston Nibley

the dose of day, on August 25, 1860, there mightTowards have been seen, emerging from the mouth of Emigration canyon and following the dusty road across the bench into

Salt Lake City, the Overland Stage, completing the last few miles of its long and arduous trip across the plains from its starting point at

St. Joseph, Missouri. By frequent change of horses, and by pur

suing the journey from early morning until late at night, this par ticular stage had completed 1,136 miles in nineteen days.

Among the weary passengers who glanced eagerly ahead for a first view of the “City of the Saints,’’ was one Richard F. Burton,

39 years of age, captain in the English Army, fellow and gold medalist of the Royal Geographical Society, and one of the most renowned travelers of his day. The first Englishman to make the

pilgrimage to Mecca, the first to penetrate the lake regions of Cen tral Africa, he had now arrived in Salt Lake valley, to see and write a book about “the ‘Mormons,’ and their Kingdom.’’

As I write I have this volume before me, a book of more than five hundred pages, written in a hasty, rather careless manner, and filled with many illtimed personal comments, but a true book withal, and, I think, the very best account of Salt Lake City we have from a non-“Mormon’’ in those early days.

More than sixtyseven years have passed since Captain Burton rode into town on that August afternoon, and a second generation has come on the scene, to whom those early days are, we might say, lost and unknown. It might not be amiss, therefore, to pause for

a moment and glance back at the life of our people as Captain Burton saw it, making due allowance always that he did not and could not see truly into conditions as we know them to have been. There

were many plans formulated and executed in this valley in 1860, by President Brigham Young and his associates, of which Captain

Burton never dreamed. The eye of the traveler could see, and the

hand could record, but the heart and the mind could not understand.

What burned in the souls of the pioneers as they trudged wearily into this valley, and sought to establish themselves here? Who can

describe it?

But to our story—relating the events of his entrance into the

valley on that August afternoon. Captain Burton writes:

"In due time, emerging from the gates and portal and deep serrations of the upper course, we descended into a lower level. Emigration Canyon gradually bulges out

"The Prophet’s Block,” Salt Lake City

As viewed in September, 1860

and its steep slopes of grass and fern, shrubbery and stunted brush, fall imperceptibly into the plain. The valley presently lay full before our sight. * * *

lime and the beautiful were present in contrast. Switzerland and Italy lay side by side.

* * * 'X'jie hour was about 6 p. m.; the atmosphere was touched with a dreamy

haze, as it generally is in the vicinity of the lake; a little bank of rosecolored clouds,

edged with flames of purple and gold, floated in the upper air, while the mellow radiance of an American autumn, that bright interlude between the extremes of heat and cold, diffused its mild, soft lustre over the face of earth.”

There is a picture of our beautiful valley that has hardly been excelled to this day. And again:

“In some parts, the valley was green: in others, where the hot sun shot its

oblique beams, it was of a tawny yellowishred, like the sands of the Arabian desert, with scatters of trees, where the Jordan of the West rolls its opaline waves through pasture lands of dried grass dotted with flocks and herds, and fields of ripening yellow corn. Everything bears the impress of handiwork, from the bleak benches behind

to what was once a barren valley in front. Truly the ‘Mormon’ prophecy has been

fulfilled: already the howling wilderness—in which twelve years ago a few miserable

savages, the halfnaked Digger Indians, gathered their grass seed, grasshoppers, and black crickets to keep life and soul together, and awoke with their war cries the echo of the mountains; and the bear, the wolf and the fox prowled over the site of a

now populous city—has blossomed like the rose.”

Jogging along in the rolling and jolting stage, our captain soon had his first vie'w of the city, -which he estimated to have a popula tion of “between nine and twelve thousand souls.”

“The city revealed itself as we approached, from behind its screen, the inclined terraces of the upper tableland, and at last it lay stretched before us as upon a map.

BRIGHAM YOUNG AS SEEN IN 1860 653

At a little distance the aspect was somewhat Oriental. None of the buildings except

the Prophet’s house were whitewashed. The material—the thick, sundried adobe,

common to all parts of the Eastern world,—was of a dull leaden blue, deepened by

the atmosphere to a gray, like the shingles of the roofs. The numbers of gardens and

compounds, the dark clumps and lines of bitter cottonwood, locust or acacia, poplars and fruit trees, apples, peaches and vines—how lovely they appeared after the baldness

of the prairies!—and finally the fields of longeared maize and sweet sorghum strength

ened the similarity to an Asiatic rather than to an American settlement. The differ

ences presently became as salient. The farm houses with their stacks and stock strongly

suggested the Old Country. Moreover, domes and minarets—even churches and steeples

—were wholly wanting, an omission that somewhat surprised me. The only build

ing conspicuous from afar was the block occupied by the present head of the Church.

The courthouse, with its tinned Muscovian dome, at the west end of the city: the

arsenal, a barnlike structure on a bench below Ensign Peak, and a sawmill built beyond the southern boundary, were the next in importance.”

So much then for the first impressions of our alert and in quisitive captain. As the stage descended the last hill and rolled

into the city there is this, which one might reasonably expect, “I looked in vain for the outhouse harems, in which certain romances concerning things ‘Mormons’ had informed me that wives are kept, like any other stock.” No, my good friends, wives were not kept

in that fashion, as you will soon learn. ‘‘I presently found this

but one of a multitude of delusions. Upon the whole, the ‘Mor

mon’ settlement was a vast improvement upon its contemporaries in the valleys of the Mississippi and Missouri.”

Turning suddenly to the right, the stage entered ‘‘the main thoroughfare, the center of population,” and drew up before a hotel, the ‘‘only establishment of the kind in New Zion,” the Salt Lake

House, ‘‘a twostoried, pentroofed building,” where our captain was to make his headquarters during his twentyfour-day visit in the city. The hotel he found to be comfortable and convenient

‘‘despite the closeness of the atmosphere,” the swarms of ‘‘emi gration flies,” and a certain ‘‘populousness of bedstead.”

So then, the traveling captain is at last set down in Salt Lake

City, the place which he has come so far to see, and from which wild and speculative rumors have gone around the world. On the

morrow he will walk about a little and try to get a look at these “Mormons” and what they have accomplished. Perhaps, too, if he

is lucky, he will get an interview with “Mr. Brigham Young”. It

is this man, more than all others, about whom he is curious.

Bright and early the following morning he began to walk about the city. "I was surprised to find that every meridinal street is traversed on both sides by a streamlet of limpid water—supplied from City Creek, Red Butte and other canyons

lying north and east of the settlement.” Main street, he observed, was 132 feet wide,

"including the sidewalks, which are each twenty, and like the rest of the principal avenues is planted with locust and other trees.”

654 IMPROVEMENT ERA

On the temple block Captain Burton was disappointed in finding that the temple was only “a hole in the ground,” and he doubted that it would ever be completed. Little did this man

realize the hardships of our people in locating in this valley, and the long years of sacrifice and patient toil it took to erect the mag nificent “Mormon” temple. To our visitor the task looked hopeless.

The afternoon he spent with Governor and Mrs. Alfred Gum

ming, at their commodious house on North Temple street. One

would like to know the conversation that went on between these two gentlemen regarding President Young and our people. There

is not much said, except in praise of Governor Cumming’s “scrupu lous and conscientious impartiality,” and his resolution to treat

Saints and Gentiles alike.

Monday morning, in company with Elder T. B. Stenhouse,

the captain started out for what is now Fort Douglas reserve, to witness the arrival of a group of handcart pioneers. He graphically

describes the event as follows;

‘‘As we issued from the city we saw the smokelike column which announced the emigrants were crossing the bench land; and people were hurrying from all sides

to greet and get news of friends. Presently the carts came. All the new arrivals were

in clean clothes, the men washed and shaved, and the girls, who were singing hymns, habited in Sunday dresses. The company was sunburned, but looked well and

thoroughly happy, and few, except the very young and the very old, who suffer most on such journeys, troubled the wains.”

Mingling in the crowds as the newcomers were greeted by their friends. Captain Burton comments on the dress of the women;

“A sunbonnet is here universally used, with the difference how ever, that the ‘Mormons’ provide it with a long, thick veil behind, which acts like a cape or shawl.” And then there is this very pretty

compliment; “I could not but observe in those born hereabouts

the noble, regular features, the lofty, thoughtful brow, the clear, transparent complexion, the long, silky hair, and, greatest charm of all, the soft smile of the American woman when she does smile.”

During the afternoon a visit was made to City Creek, or “Northern Kanyon,” as our author calls it, also, to the “Thermal

Springs,” north of the city, which have come down in history as the “Warm Springs.”

And now, as the fifth day of Captain Burton’s visit to Salt

Lake rolled around, there came this little note to Governor Alfred

Gumming in response to one of his own requesting that he might call on President Brigham Young and bring with him the distin guished visitor;

Great Salt Lake City, Aug. 30, 1860.

Governor A. Gumming,

Sir: In reply to your note of the 29th inst., I embrace the earliest opportunity

The Salt Lake House Where Captain Burton stayed while visiting in the "City of the Saints,"September, 1860

since my return to inform you that it will be agreeable to me to meet the gentle man you mention in my office at 11 a. m., tomorrow, the 31st.

Brigham Young.

The day following, Captain Burton and Governor Gumming were promptly on hand, and we can thank the Captain for this most excellent look at President Young. He is here in life to us, our

great President,—Utah's most distinguished man. I am inclined to

think that the portrait is as clear as the Captain could make it:

“I met Governor Gumming in Main street, and we proceeded together to our visit. After a slight scrutiny, we passed the guard—which is dressed in plain clothes,

and to the eye unarmed—and walking down the veranda, entered the Prophet’s private

office. Several people who were sitting there rose at Mr. Cummng’s entrace. At a

few words of introduction, Mr. Brigham Young advanced, shook hands with complete

simplicity of manner, asked me to be seated on a sofa at one side of the room, and presented me to those present. * *

“The Prophet was born at Whittingham, Vermont, on the 1st day of June, 1801;

he was consequently, in 1860, fiftynine years of age; he looks about fortyfive. I had

expected to see a venerable looking old man. Scarcely a gray thread appears in his

hair, which is parted on the side, light colored, rather thick, and reaches below the ears with a half curl. He formerly wore it long, after the western style; now it

is cut level with the ear lobes. * + The eyes are between gray and blue, with

a calm, composed, and somewhat reserved expression: a slight droop in the left lid

made me think he had suffered from paralysis; I afterwards heard that the ptosis

is the result of neuralgia which has long tormented him. For this reason he usually

covers his head, except in his own house or in the Tabernacle. * * * The nose,

which is fine and somewhat sharply pointed, is bent a little to the left. The lips are

close, like the New Englander’s, and the teeth, especially those of the under jaw, are imperfect. The cheeks are rather fleshy, and the line between the alae of the nose

and the mouth is broken; the chin is somewhat peaked, and the face clean shaven.

656 IMPROVEMENT ERA

except under the jaws, where the beard is allowed to grow. The hands are well made,

and not disfigured by rings. The figure is large, broadshouldered, and stooping

a little when standing.

“The Prophet’s dress was neat and plain as a Quakers, all gray homespun, except the cravat and waistcoat. His coat was of antique cut, and, like the pantaloons, baggy,

and the buttons were black. A necktie of dark silk, with a large bow, was loosely

passed around a starchless collar, which turned down of its own accord. The waist

coat was of black satin—once an article of almost national dress—singlebreasted, and

buttoned nearly to the neck, and a plain gold chain was passed into the pocket. The

boots were Wellingtons, apparently of American make.”

That constitutes the appearance of President Brigham Young to Captain Burton’s eye. Again we thank him for having left this

portrait to us. Nothing can be of greater interest in early Utah

history than the doings, sayings and appearance of this great man, the chief character in it. There are a few things here mentioned

especially worthy of note; that clear, steady eye of his, and calm

expression of face; the “close” lips. Not a darting, quickglancing

eye, but used to fixed, steady gaze, piercing past the appearance and into the soul of things. The calm, composed expression of the

face, indicating that this man was well acquainted with the battle of life, its defeats and its victories, and that he trusted completely in his Maker that the ultimate outcome would be right. The “close”

lips, showing determination—-to continue doing his duty to the

last breath of his life.

Continuing, Captain Burton comments:

"Altogether the Prophet’s appearance was that of a gentleman farmer in New

England. * * * He is a well preserved man. * * * manner is at once

affable and impressive, simple and courteous. * * * He shows no signs of dog

matism, bigotry, or fanaticism, and never once entered—with me at least—on the

subject of religion. * * * He impresses the stranger with a certain sense of

power. * * pjig temper is even and placid. * * * j-jfg powers of ob

servation are intuitively strong, and his friends declare him to be gifted with an excellent memory, and a perfect judgment of character. * * * His life is ascetic.

His favorite food is baked potatoes with a little buttermilk, and his drink, water.

’* * * Finally, there is a total absence of pretension in his manner, and he has been so long used to power that he cares nothing for its display.”

Here we take leave of “Brother Brigham” as he stood before the world on August 31,1860. It will do us good to return to him,

time and again.

Leaving the President’s office and walking toward Main street.

Captain Burton noted:

"On the extreme west of this block, backed by a pound for estrays, which is no longer used, lies the Tithing House and Deseret Store, a long, narrow, upperstoried building, with cellars, storerooms, receiving rooms, pay rooms and writing offices. At

this time of the year it chiefly contains linseed and rags for paper making: after the

harvest it is well stuffed with grains and cereals, which are taken instead of money payment.” And now there is one item that has more than particular interest

BRIGHAM YOUNG AS SEEN IN 1860 657

to me and which I trust I may be pardoned for including in this account. The Captain 'remarks that on the evening of the third of

September, “while sauntering about the square,” he became interested “in a train of twentythree wagons which had just bivouacked.”

These were immigrants under the command of Captain Charles E.

Ross, and they had just arrived in the valley that day. Playing

about one of the wagons, or perhaps climbing in and out of it, re joicing with the others at the termination of the long journey, and looking with wonderment at the strange scenes about him, clad only in a shirt and pair of trousers, which his mother had made him out of an old tent, was a little barefoot lad, eleven years of age. It was

my honored father. President Charles W. Nibley, who, with his

poor emigrant parents, brothers and sisters, had traveled all the way from Scotland to this New Zion in the wilderness. What the family

possessed, with the exception of their oxen, was in their prairie wagon. The father had been a coal miner and had saved for years

to obtain means sufficient for the long journey. Now they had

arrived in the valley and their lot was to be cast with the Saints.

They thought their difficulties were over, but, as subsequent events proved, they were only just beginning.

On the same day. Captain Burton made a trip to Sugar House

with “Mr. John Taylor.”

"He pointed out to me on the left the mouths of the several canyons, and in formed me that the City Creek and Red Butte on the northeast, and the Emigration.

Parley’s, Mill Creek, Great Cottonwood and Little Cottonwood canyons to the east and southeast, all head together in two points, thus enabling troops and provisions to be easily and readily concentrated for the defense of the eastern approaches. When talking

about the probability of gold digging being developed near Great Salt Lake City, he said that the ‘Mormons’ are aware of that, but that they look upon agriculture as their real wealth.

"Returning, we visited the garden of Apostle Woodruff, who introduced us to his wife, and showed us work of which he had reason to be proud. Despite the hard,

ungrateful soil which had required irrigation for the last ten years, there were apricots from Malta, the Hooker strawberries, here worth $5 the plant, plum trees from Kew

Gardens, French and California grapes, wild plum and buffalo berry, currants, peaches and apples:—with which last we were hospitably loaded in numbers.’’

From the 3rd until the 19th of September, Captain Burton made side trips to Brighton, in Big Cottonwood canyon. Camp

Floyd in Cedar valley, and to Black Rock where he enjoyed a swim in the lake. On the 20th he climbed into a “buckboard” and, ac

companied by “Judge Flennikin, who had been transferred to Carson valley,” set out overland for California. “The day was fine and

wondrous clear, affording us a splendid back view of the happy valley, before it was finally shut out from sight, and the Utah Lake looked a very gem of beauty, a diamond in its setting of steely blue mountains.”

Church Founded Upon Revelation*

By President Charles W. Nibley

THINK, my brethren and sisters, that we are to be congratulatedI on this blessed Sabbath Easter morn in having the great privi lege and honor, as servants of the Lord in his Church, to meet together under so favorable circumstances, knowing that the work of the Lord is spreading, increasing and becoming a great power for righteousness and for the wellbeing of mankind in the world.

I 'am mindful that I am a member of this Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints: that my parents heard the word gladly

from the elders who were delivering the message of “Mormonism”;

that they received and accepted it with full purpose of heart, and that they remained faithful and devoted to the end. I am proud of this

organization, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, the great American Church, the Church that had its birth in the land of freedom, where men’s minds were permitted to expand, to de bate, to question, to tell their thoughts without let or hindrance, and not where the mind of man, as in some of the older countries, had for ages been so scribbed, cabined and confined that it was not safe to advance thought or to express opinion freely and frankly.

We are proud that the Church is Americanborn and does not have to receive any instructions or orders from any foreign power or potentate whatsoever.

“Freedom and reason make us men:

Take these away, what are we then?

Mere animals, and just as well

The beasts may think of heaven or hell.”

We live in a land of freedom, a land of liberty, a glorious land.

And in these last days the Lord has established his Church upon the earth for the last time.

Many Signs of the Times

How do we know they are the last days? There are many signs

of the times by which we may know of this fact. I haven’t time to

go into all that fully, but just hastily call your attention to the prophecy of Daniel, twelfth chapter, fourth verse. Speaking of the

time of the end, he said, “Go thy way for many shall run to and fro and knowledge shall be increased.’’ Now imagine what there

Address delivered at the ninetyeighth annual conference of the Church. Salt Lake

Tabernacle. April 8, 1928.

CHURCH FOUNDED UPON REVELATION 659

was in the way of running to and fro in his day, and all the succeed ing centuries down to the last one hundred years when the revelation from Almighty God came to the Prophet Joseph Smith. There were

not many running to and fro in the earth in those days. Now, in

contrast, how many run to and fro on the earth, on the sea, under the sea, and in a couple of months from now probably half of the

United States of America will be on wheels, running to and fro all over the country. What a change, what a marvelous change from

the slow old movement of even a hundred years ago or less.

Then again, knowledge, he said, would be increased. How

wonderfully has that been fulfilled. It was to be increased in the

latter times, as distinctive from the former times. We have books

by the millions, newspapers, periodicals, magazines, knowledge on every hand. Then look in the last one hundred years, or one hun

dred eight years, since the first revelation, the great revelation and manifestation came to the Prophet Joseph Smith. Even the railroad

was not in existence in 1820. From that time on, how knowledge

has been increased on every hand! Inventions by the tens of thou

sands, going on and on, until we have the marvelous and wonderful radio—my voice going out now on the air. It goes around the

world seven times in a second! So that people in any part of the

United States who are within hearing distance of this ether wave, as we call it, will hear my voice as instantly as you hear it in this building. A marvelous and wonderful invention! It is not because

the mind of man is more acute in this age than in any former age, for the scientists all agree that the mind of man was quite as acute in the days of Abraham and in the days while the Savior was upon the earth as it is now. But those were not the days and times men

tioned in the scriptures, which were called the last days and the fulness of times.

Through the Spirit of the Lord

The Lord, through Joel, the prophet, said: “I will pour out

my spirit upon all flesh.” The Lord has poured out his spirit upon

the people everywhere. And his spirit is intelligence. ‘‘The glory

of God is intelligence.” And man. even an unbeliever, whose mind

is operated upon to invent this or the other for the benefit of man kind is acted upon by that intelligent influence which we name the

Spirit of the Lord, whether it is an Edison or any other man. All

intelligence comes from God. In other words, light and truth, as

our scriptures say. So that these inventions, which have been multi

plied in a most marvelous manner, have been brought about through the operation of the spirit of the Lord.

In the 14th chapter of the Revelation of St. John, we read

660 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the coming of this latterday work by the hands of an angelic messenger. John the apostle, the beloved, banished on the Isle

of Patmos for the testimony of Jesus, was then the only one re maining upon the earth, the other disciples by this time having gone to the great beyond. The angel of the Lord told him; “Come

up and I will show you things that must come to pass hereafter.”

What did the angel show him? Marvelous things. Among them

was this, which was to come to pass after that time;

"And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, “Saying with a loud voice. Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his

judgment is come.”

This was to be in the hour of God’s judgment—drawing near

to the end, you see—in the days spoken of by Joel and Daniel, when

knowledge should run to and fro. In other words, in the last days—

the set time in which all things are to be consummated.

This Church Stands Alone

In 1820 there was no divinely organized Church of Jesus

Christ, with power and authority of the Priesthood, on this earth.

The organization of the Church did not take effect till ten years later—April 6, 1830. From the time of John the Revclator up to

1820, we affirm, we make the positive declaration, we are convinced in our hearts and souls, for we have had it revealed unto us by the power of the Holy Ghost, there was no organized Church of Jesus

Christ upon the earth, with the authority of the Priesthood to take a man down into the water and baptize him, that his sins might be remitted, or to lay hands Upon his head and confirm him a member, and confer upon him the gift of the Holy Ghost. So that this Church

stands alone with respect to that.

We have no contention against any church or any people.

There are many, many thousands of good people in the world, mil lions of them, indeed, who are faithful believers in their own way.

But the Church of Christ as an organization—-something through

which the Lord operates, by his power and spirit—did not exist until

this Church was organized. So that we may say that any other

church claiming that authority, claiming the authority to bind on earth as it is bound in heaven, is not recognized by the Lord, for he himself has declared that this Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is “the only true and living Church upon the face of the whole earth.”

Not Founded on Men

I know it is claimed that there has been direct succession from

CHURCH FOUNDED UPON REVELATION 661

Peter, the great apostle—Peter, the president of the Twelve, the head,

the leader, than whom, in many respects, there was no greater apostle.

We honor him. The latchet of his shoes, I would say, I am un

worthy to unloose. But he was human. This Church is not built

upon Peter. It is not the Church of Joseph Smith, nor the Church

of Brigham Young, nor the Church of President Grant. It is not

founded on men. It was founded by direct revelation from heaven.

Let me read what the Lord said with respect to this:

“When Jesus came into the coasts of Caesarea Phillipi, he asked his disciples, saying. Whom do men say that I the Son of Man am?

“And they said. Some say that thou art John the Baptist: some. Elias: and others,

Jeremias, or one of the prophets.

“He saith unto them, But whom say ye that I am?

“And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.

“And Jesus answered and said unto him. Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for

flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.

“And I say also unto thee. That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build

my Church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.”

What rock? The rock of revelation; for flesh and blood had

not told Peter, but it had been revealed to him that Jesus was the

Christ.

“I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven:”

Of course he did. He was the proper man to give them to,

the President of the Twelve.

"And whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and what

soever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.

“Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ.

“From that time forth began Jesus to shew unto his disciples, how that he must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day.”

The Human Peter

Now right here Peter, the human being, on whom was con ferred this great authority, just as today, by divine appointment, is conferred that same power on President Heber J. Grant, the pres

ident of this Church, a human being like you and me, and like Peter—right at this point I read:

“Then Peter took him, and began to rebuke him [Peter the human being, under taking to rebuke the Savior], saying. Be it far from thee. Lord: this shall not be

unto thee.”

We will not allow these men to take you and kill you—no sir.

What was the answer of the Savior?

662 IMPROVEMENT ERA

“But he turned, and said unto Peter, Get thee behind me, Satan; thou art an

offense unto me: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but those that be

of men.” (Matt. 16:1323.)

That was the human Peter, as all men are human. Joseph

Smith, great as he was, the forerunner, the man chosen probably before the foundations of this earth were laid to usher in the great and last dispensation of the fulness of times, was human. He

was Joseph Smith; he was not God. This Church is not founded on

him any more than on Peter, to whom the Savior had to say: “Get

thee behind me, Satan.” You don’t know what you are talking

about, Peter.

So I repeat that the rock upon which this Church is founded is the rock of revelation. What is revelation? If you will turn in

your Doctrine and Covenants to the eighth section, you will find this definition of revelation. The Lord speaks to Joseph Smith and

Oliver Cowdery:

The Spirit of Revelation

“Yea, behold, I will tell you in your mind and in your heart, by the Holy Ghost, which shall come unto you and which shall dwell in your heart.

“Now, behold, this is the spirit of revelation;

“Behold, this is the spirit by which Moses brought the children of Israel through the Red Sea on dry ground.”

Do we have revelations today? Is President Grant guided by

revelation? Certainly, just in that kind of a way, ready to receive

the promptings of the Spirit of the Lord as they shall be given by the power of the Holy Ghost. Have we the same power and the

same opportunity to receive the spirit of revelation? Certainly we

have. Why, every member of this Church, every last one who is

living as he should, keeping the commandments of God, receives that testimony, and is thereby founded upon that rock which flesh and blood hath not delivered unto them but which our Father in heaven has revealed unto them. And upon this rock he builds his Church.

There isn’t time to go into further discussion of this matter. I

will have to hurry, but I want to read what St. Paul said in respect

t9 the resurrection of Christ, and I think it fits me and fits every member of the priesthood, in going out to proclaim the gospel, to stick just to the one great text. St. Paul said to the Corinthians,

second chapter.

What Paul Said

"And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech.”

We are not depending so much on that, though we are glad to hear “excellency of speech”: yes, even Paul the learned said:

CHURCH FOUNDED UPON REVELATION 663

'When I came to you, came not with excellency of speech, or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God.

“For I determined not to know any thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and him crucified. "And I was with you in weakness, and in fear, and in much trembling.

"And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man’s wisdom, but in demonstration of the spirit and of power:

"That your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of

God.”

That is “Mormonism”. Stick to the one message—Jesus Christ

and him crucified; Joseph Smith receiving the everlasting gospel from

angelic beings, as John on the Isle of Patmos declared, coming at the time of the end when all these things are being fulfilled.

Just one other citation that I want to give you and then I am through. In the Book of Mormon we have a prophecy of the time

of the end. You will find it in the 14th chapter of First Nephi.

1 haven’t the time to read the whole chapter;

"And it came to pass that when the angel had spoken these words, he said unto me: Rememberest thou the covenants of the Father unto the house of Israel?”

The covenants that had been made to Abraham, not yet ful filled, but in the way of fulfillment. The time is here, the coven

ants are being fulfilled. General Allenby, in the World War, marched

into Palestine and freed that country from its oppressors, and since that work has been going on. That is what the angel a thousand

years ago asked Nephi in that question:

"Rememberest thou the covenants of the Father unto the house of Israel? I said

unto him. Yea.

"And it came to pass that he said unto me: Look, and behold that great and

abominable church, which is the mother of abominations, whose foundation is the’ devil.”

I skip now some verses to hurry on.

"And it came to pass that I beheld that the wrath of God was poured out upon the great and abominable church, insomuch that there were wars and rumors of wars among all the nations and kindreds of the earth.”

The First World War

Let me call your attention to this fact, that until the World

War, all the nations and kindreds of the earth had never been in volved in one great war before.

When Columbus discovered America, he found the new world, so that prior to that time all the nations and all the kindreds of the earth could not be involved in war together. Since 1492 we have

the most accurate history of all the wars, and all the nations and kindreds of the earth were for the first time involved in this great struggle.,

664 1 rvIPROVEMENT ERA

"And as there began to be wars and rumors of wars among all the nations which belonged to the mother of abominations, the angel spake unto me, saying: Behold, the

wrath of God is upon the mother of harlots; and behold, thou seest all these things—

“And when the day cometh that the wrath of God is poured out upon the mother of harlots, which is the great and abominable church of all the earth, whose foundation is the devil, then, at that day, the work of the Father shall commence, in preparing the way for the fulfilling of his covenants, which he hath made to his people who are of the house of Israel.”

Now the question will come; Define that Church. What

Church is it? The Lord defines it, you can tell. Find any church

that is great, that is abominable, whose foundation is the devil, and upon which the wrath of God is poured out in the last days, and then you have it. I can’t define it any other way.

The Lord help us to know, by the power of revelation, that this is his Church, that it is not founded upon Peter or Paul or Joseph or Heber or any other human being, but only upon the power and authority of the living God, and upon the solid rock of revelation from Almighty God. Amen.

Honored Laborers

"TWO MEN I HONOR, AND NO THIRD. First, the toil worn Craftsman that

with earthmade implement laboriously conquers the Earth, and makes her man’s. Ven

erable to me is the hard Hand; crooked, coarse; wherein notwithstanding lies a cunning

virtue, indefeasibly royal, as of the Scepter of this Planet. Venerable too is the rugged

face, all weathertanned, besoiled, with its rude intelligence; for it is the face of a Man

Jiving manlike. Oh, but the more venerable for thy rudeness, and even because we must

pity as well as love thee! Hardly entreated Brother! For us was thy back so bent,

for us were thy straight limbs and fingers so deformed; thou wert our Conscript, on

whom the lot fell, and fighting our battles wert so marred. For in thee too lay a Godcreated Form, but it was not to be unfolded; incrusted must it stand with the thick

adhesions and defacements of Labor; and thy body, like thy soul, was not to know

freedom. Yet toil on, toil on; THOU art in thy duty, be out of it who may; thou

toilest for the altogether indispensable, for daily bread.

"A second man I honor, and still more highly: Him who is seen toiling for the

spiritually indispensable; not daily bread, but the bread of Life. Is not he too in his

duty; endeavoring towards inward Harmony; revealing this, by act or by word, through

all his outward endeavors, be they high or low? Highest of all, when his outward and

his inward endeavor are one; when we can name him Artist; not earthly Craftsman

only, but inspired Thinker, who with heavenmade Implement conquers Heaven for us! If the poor and humble toil that we have Food, must not the high and glorious toil

for him in return, that he have Light, have Guidance, Freedom, Immortality?

“These two, in all their degrees, I honor; all else is chaff and dust, which let the

wind blow wither it listeth.”—Carlyle.

Our Very Present Help*

By Amicus

Affectionately Dedicated to Dr. James E. Talmage

at the hour of dawn I stood upon the ocean shore,ONCE waiting for the sunrise. On the horizon a sail moved slowly

to the distance. Clear it stood before the sky, bright in

light’s earliest rays. But when the sun rose I could sec the sail

no more, for the brightness of his shining. Yet, I knew that the

ship was there, sailing ever down the pathway of the light.

SO it is, I thought, with those whom God takes to Himself.

While we stand in the twilight of our feeble faith, they move, splendid, to a wondrous destiny. When the Sun of His consolation

has arisen on our sight, they are hid in the glory of His Presence.

Then comes the day.

THERE was never a marriage without pain of parting. A

mother will weep when her daughter is taken from her care. Yet,

with loving anticipations, the daughter stands on the threshold of a sweeter life, of a high and holy estate. For her the future’s promise

speaks stronger than the call of dying pasts.

EVEN thus, also, is the trembling ecstasy of the soul whom

God summons to that new life in His Presence. Whoso has heard

the music of His speaking attends no more to the poor harmonics of earth. Whoso has beheld His golden splendor can sec no longer

in the twilight of our world. God comes very near, when eyes which

have lighted for us can discern His beckoning hand.

WE think that God despoils our love. Rather is it true that

He has allowed us brief foretaste of the joys prepared for them that love Him. Was it not He who gave our treasure? He has but

borrowed His gift.

A JEWELER takes jewels that he may polish them, and repair their settings. When they are returned, they shine with new beauty.

So God, the Master Workman, takes the precious jewels of our love, that the Hands which shaped their beginning may perfect them for endless life. When we receive them again, we shall know that He

makes all things new.

* Editorial Note: These thoughtful and inspiring paragraphs are from the pen of one of

"the honorable men of the earth", not a member of the Church but a true friend of the

Latterday Saints. We print strictly according to copy as received.

666 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A GREAT king loved a humble maid, and sent his servants offering marriage and rich gifts. She marveled that one so exalted

had inclined his eyes to the dust; but he set her upon his throne.

THE King of kings comes from His Glory to visit our humility.

The Almighty descends from the constellations to exalt our weak ness. The Lord of splendors seeks love in our mean dwellings.

OUR lives are more precious in His sight than even to ourselves.

They are components of the eternal scheme, valuable in God’s mind, which creation itself embodies. While we think of earth’s brief

sojourn. He knows an everlasting significance. “What I do thou

knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter.”

EOR God the endless years are one enduring present. Every

beginning is before His eyes; all ends are in His hand. This world

and our brief life in it are small details in the intricacies of His vast design. They are as one cast of a shuttle in the loom of His eternity.

COULD God desire aught, we know that, above all else, it is the love of our heart. God loves even as a father, pitying his own

children, and in this clothes our human love with the glory of a divine significance. We love Him because He first loved us: if we

miss blessedness, it is because His love goes unrequited. He made

man a little lower than the angels, and, for his first habitation, planted a garden of delight. He numbers the very hairs of the head,

and rejoices when the wicked turns from wickedness.

BUT God is a jealous God; when He seeks the heart’s love.

He demands all. He strove to win us in our prosperity, but we

would not listen. He sues for the love which grief has wounded,

and exalts it with His comfort. He is the Eather of the fatherless

and the Husband of the widow. He is our Rock and our Habitation,

and our Very Present Help in trouble.

SORROW, suffering and death—they do not thwart Him.

They are angels sent to awaken us, that we may behold the splendor of His Day. They are goads, wielded at His command, “Compel

them to come in”. They are deep shades laid down to set forth the

glowing colors of enduring love.

GOD opens the door of sorrow, but through it we may enter the home of His tearless joy. He leaves the path of adversity rough

to our feet; but it is such a little way to the abode of His peace.

“He that overcometh shall inherit all things; he shall be my son,

I will be his God.”

BLESSED, then, is sorrow: underneath are the Everlasting

OUR VERY PRESENT HELP 667

Arms. Blessed is adversity: it opens the eyes of faith. We can

not forget our troubles, but we can remember God. His it is to

take away their bitterness.

IN life’s loudest turmoil we may hear His speaking: “Be still

and know that I am God.” So the keen hearing of the prophet

discerned His whisper above the tumult of storm and earthquake and mighty rushing wind. To him God was nearer than the

thoughts of his own heart: His stillness was louder than the outcry

of Nature’s terrors.

WHEN God promised Abraham a thing which seemed im possible, Abraham believed, knowing God’s Almightiness. Thus

it was said that Abraham was the friend of God—he knew God.

But God would have such a friend in every soul.

FAITH is divine friendliness in the heart of man. It is the

power to think God’s thoughts. It is the soul’s sure knowledge

of God’s goodness, when it were too easy to believe in evil. Were

God not good, there were no need for faith.

FAITH discerns realities, while reason hesitates at evidences.

Through it we live by knowledge above understanding. By it we

testify, even unwillingly, to God’s unbreakable promises.

FAITH is the soul’s life with God. It reaches out in the

dark, knowing that it shall grasp a hand. It subsists in the con

fidence that the heart’s desires—those things which we earnestly

hope may be true—are the things which we were created to inherit.

It is the eyesight of the soul. While the soul lives it must depend

on faith.

WHEN we hunger or thirst, we seek food or drink. If weary

with labor, we seek refreshment in sleep. If lonely and forsaken,

we know that fellowship and sympathy may be found somewhere, and our pain decreases. Provision for every need is only the law

of life. There is joyful requital for every proper desire of the heart.

In this fact we have enduring faith.

CREATION is glorious in its compensation: yet the soul of

man is not satisfied. There is thirst beyond the quenching of water:

there is hunger beyond satisfying with food. “As the hart pants

for brooks of water, my soul pants for Thee, O God: my soul

thirsts for the Living God.”

THE desire for God is the soul’s strongest passion. All else

men have forsaken, that they might, “haply, feel after and find

Him”. Many have fasted and tormented their flesh, hoping to win

668 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sight of Him. That God lives, and that He gives eternal life, are

hopes upheld by universal verdict. Who, then, is greater than the

prophets and martyrs, or better than all the wise and good, that he should deny, when they believed and exulted?

IF nature provides to satisfy earthly cravings, can the soul’s strong aspirations be in vain? If there is refreshment for thirst and

hunger, is there naught for the soul but dust? The Eternal One

has not scattered His power like smoke. The Allwise has not

written His wisdom on the waves. Smoke does not believe itself

a rock: waves do not hope to stand like hills. But the soul of man

has ever held the hope of immortality.

THE thought of God is conscious energy, moulding and com pelling. It is life’s most potent force. That which a man thinks

of God’s character he begins to be: his thought of God is his own

highest ideal. If he knows God’s love, he becomes just and merci

ful, and strong in faith. If he knows God’s power, he borrows

strength against trouble, and learns patience in affliction. If he

knows God’s Almightiness, he begins to live the life of his eternal world. Any state of living is an abode of joy and peace to him

who knows God’s reality.

WHEN masons build a house they set stones together, and bind them with mortar. So God builds heaven with the souls whom

love may unify. Thus He erects His own eternal habitation. His

house not made with hands.

LOVE is the one activity in which we may cooperate with

God. It is only obedience to His law of life, the end and reason

of our creation. All that assists faith or righteousness is only a

means of perfecting love.

IN desiring love, in loving others, we tread the first step to

God’s Presence. Love is the force which urges us to God. It is a

gravitation stronger than the pull of suns and planets. It is man’s

title to divine heritage. “Whosoever loves is born of God, and knows

Him: for God is love.’’

GOD sees through eyes that look with love and good will.

Eyes that light with kindness discern God’s likeness in every soul.

When, of old. He trod our earth, surely He sanctified our dust for

ever. Henceforth, His very image is man himself, the proper object

of our love, because of Him.

DO we regret gentleness unspoken and kindness unperformed?

Do we bewail unworthy words and acts? We merely acknowledge

OUR VERY PRESENT HELP 669

that love has not ruled our lives. Were there naught to repent we had

fulfilled the whole law of God.

GOD’S law demands only those things which He created us to manifest. Love alone is the law’s fulfilling: it is the allbinding

cohesion in the world of life which makes for unity with God.

GRIEF, mourning, repentance for sin—they are just loneliness

for God: the only real loneliness that the soul can feel. We yearn

for absent friends, although, did we but know it, we yearn far more bitterly for God. Because the thought of His love consoles we are

assured of His promises. This is the glory of faith perfect in love.

GOD shaped the mind of man solely that Almighty Power might be known as Love Divine. That is the greatest of all thoughts.

The humble flower dares to love the sun, and we behold the glories born of her marriage with the light. This is a parable of the soul

that looks to God.

A TRAVELER found an ancient book, and none could spell its writing. A learned man drew forth its meaning, and read anew

the glorious song of a forgotten poet.

GOD is the poet whose writing few can read, and many spell not understanding. His is also the glorious Song of Life—blessed

is the soul that sings it.

WHEN God’s voice fell upon the formless earth, the universe achieved creation. Wise men say that He spoke a Word of Power,

which was only His own beautiful Name.

“GOD” is the Word of Power which could make anew this world of sorrow and of sin. Could all know Him as He would

manifest Himself, His tabernacle would be with man. Then there

would be no more death; neither sorrow, nor crying, nor pain any

more.

WHOSO attends His words enters on the way out of sin, error and the shadow of death. The heavenly life begins for every

soul that learns to dwell with God. Whoso has viewed that life,

even through the window of hope, ceases to mourn earthly joys, which all leave so soon.

WHEN the veil before the Holiest Place is lifted, and He is beheld between the Cherubim, who is it that we are come to worship?

No strange majesty oblivious of our being. No ruthless power

indifferent to our strivings. No dread tyrant eager to afflict and slay.

IT is He who planned the pitying heart of fatherhood and 670 IMPROVEMENT ERA

devised the mother’s love. It is He who paints glory on the flowers

of the field, and who notes the pitiful small tragedy of the sparrow’s fall. It is He who hastens to welcome the wastrel limping home

ward, and who seeks the lost lamb in the wilderness.

YET He it is who binds the sweet influences of the Pleiades and guides Arcturus with his sons: who laid the foundation of the

earth, and looses the bands of Orion. Thus we learn that mercy,

patience and lovingkindness are the working principles of Omnipo tence.

IT is with such a One that we have to do. His arm is strong

to help, and His eye is watchful of our needs. As a child seeks

safety in its mother’s arms, so the soul of man turns for comfort to the Living God.

HE is the Author of life and the Hope of immortality.

HE is the Delight in every joy and the Sun of every morning.

HE is the Sweetness of early hopes and the calm Content of age.

HE is the Glory of wisdom and the Desire of them that seek it.

HE is our Shield and our Exceeding Great Reward.

HE is light and love; also life, resurrection and the faith that

seeks Him.

ALL things whatsoever are in Him, and exist only that they may tell of Him. They are measures in His song of the ages,

scanned to the rhythm of the moving stars.

IN all the eternal years God could be no nearer than He is today. His love is in the highest heaven no more truly than in the

sorrow which drives us to Him. We may learn more devotion to

Him, but none can scale the towering heights of His love. “In Him

we live and move and have our being.’’ But “we are also His

offspring’’.

GOD binds loving souls together, as threads are woven in a silken web. No death can sever them in His unfailing grasp. Love

that knows God defies the distance of earth and heaven: no parting

can disturb it. It waits eager at the threshold, sure that the door

will open.

LOVE is the seed of Everlasting Life sown in the soil of our mortality. It is the echo of God’s voice which first commanded us

to be. It is the soul’s response to His insistent summons. It abides

in the heart of man, the one unfaltering testimony to immortal Hope.

THERE is no death. It is an evening, when we talk of to

morrow. It is the shadow of faith’s brief eclipse. It is the dropping

OUR VERY PRESENT HELP 671

of an eyelid which hides the glory of the sun. Thus a man goes

forth to his labor until the evening. Like him, when brief tasks are

done, the longing soul also returns home.

“BLESSED”, says the Master, “are those servants whom the

Lord at His coming shall find watching. Verily, He will gird

Himself and make them sit down to meat, and will come and serve them”.

ENDLESS eternity contains one supermost moment—when,

as by promise, we shall see Him as He is. Then shall we behold

the One whom our heart has always sought; love’s Very Self, for

whose sake all loves have been conceived and born—the Beloved

of all love, the One Eternal Reason beneath all devotion. Faith

taught us to desire Him, and Hope strengthened our feet on the path way to His Presence. But Faith and Hope are only Love called by

other names.

LIFE’S darkest hour is God’s hour. It is then that Hope and

Faith are kindled, even as lamps are lighted in the night. ITen

dawns the unfading day of love and sight, when all life is renewed.

As the shout of thunder stabs the silence of a solitary place. God’s

light rushes upon the darkness of our despair. Then we shall know

—God is here.

THY sun shall no more go down; neither shall thy moon with

draw herself; for the Lord shall be thine Everlasting Light, and the

days of thy mourning shall be ended.

An Episode of Euthanasia

When Death caressed me with her lingering arms.

And with cool palms stroked oft my beaded brow.

And flashed dark eyes into my nerv'ous sight.

I smiled and welcomed her. Was she not very kindi’

Did she not ease the pain that wracked my limbs.

And bid me swoon away in misty dreams

Where all things beautiful entranced my eyes.

And tunes of unborn melodies bid me hear

What joy held in reserve for mortal earsi"

Because I had no fear, her arms unclasped:

And. as a queenlyrobed, immortal form.

Beautiful beyond all earthly comeliness.

She tarried but a moment to impress

My lingering vision with her loveliness.

And bade me wait till she should come again!

Maywood, California Joseph Longking Towmsend

Sunlight and Health

By George H. Maughan, Department of Physiology,

Cornell University

human body has been adapted to its environment by theThe experience of the ages. It has developed the power of resisting

certain forces; and its well being has become dependent upon

others. Among the beneficial stimuli are radiations from the sun.

The body thrives in the light, and becomes less resistant to disease and more anemic in the darkness.

But the radiations from the sun extend beyond visible light into the much longer infrared, or heat, waves and radio waves on the one side, and into the short ultraviolet on the other. Certain of

these latter rays have great biologic power. For example, those

having a wave length between 290 mu. and 313 mu. are responsi

ble for most of the sunburn we experience when overexposed on the beach. They possess most of the germacidal power in sunlight and

are the rays which prevent rickets.

Rickets is a disease very common in children. It develops even

though the diet contains an abundance of all of the ordinary food elements, including calcium and phosphorus. The symptoms in

most animals which develop a severe case are very much the same.

The bones fail to lay down the bony materials and consequently they are thin and weak. The ribs are beaded and the joints of the

legs and arms are enlarged and contain an abnormal amount of cartilage. The animal is unable to walk without great difficulty

and growth is retarded.

In our experiments, such a condition in chickens has been repeatedly cured in four weeks by supplying ultraviolet radiations, either from the sun or from artificial sources. The interesting and

almost marvelous thing is that these unseen and unfelt rays, in some mysterious way, make the body able to use bonebuilding substances.

During the past two years, extensive experiments have been carried out, in the Department of Physiology of Cornell University, to determine the amount of exposure required to cure severe rickets.

A study has also been made relative to the area of the body through which the rays enter; and the region in the spectrum concerned in

the cure of the disease. Results have clearly shown that only short

exposures are necessary. Five minutes daily irradiation from a

quartz mercury vapor lamp or onehalf hour in the sunshine is sufficient, but the rays must fall directly upon the skin.

The radiations are effective when they fall upon the parts of

SUNLIGHT AND HEALTH 673

the body that are not covered. Ordinary clothing, even one thick

ness, obstructs the rays; and certain of the longer ultraviolet waves

which were formerly thought to be valuable have been found in effective.

The Department of Hygiene, in cooperation with the Medical

College, has made a study of the effects of weekly irradiations on control of common colds. The subjects have been groups of college

students who were unusually susceptible to colds. Results show a

marked reduction in number and severity of the attacks of this most troublesome malady. Indeed, many of these young men who were

ordinarily subject to almost continuous colds in winter have been, during the period of irradiation, about as free from them as the or dinarily resistant individual. Most people are much less susceptible to

colds in the summer than in winter. This seems to be partly due

to the fact that they get more sunshine in summer than in winter.

A skin which is exposed to air and sunshine becomes, because of this fact, a better covering for the delicate tissues of the body. It

adjusts more readily to changes in the environment. It resists the

attacks of infectious organisms more successfully. Its glands and

cell layers are more vigorous and healthy.

In summer time children should be given frequent, but mod erate, exposures of the entire body to sunshine; or so dressed as to

expose the arms, trunk and legs while they play out of doors. Perhaps

adults could so plan their leisure hours and recreation and modify conventional dress as to secure for themselves more of these vital rays.

Ithaca, Netv York

Smoke

In times of gale, you curve—and sweep—Again my eager eyes discern

When winds are stilled, you curl—and creep—You into other visions turn—

A sinuous film of gray I see processions, well defined.

That hides the grandeur of the hills. Of vestals in their virgin robes:

And veils the smile of day. The same ethereal kind

Then, like dark spirits raveling That masterwielders of the brush

Their robes as they go traveling Upon their canvas wrought

A course mapped out for stars. With the delicate precision

Are you that shed those sombre flakes Of their transcendant thought.

Which leave besmearing scars.

In pondering your imagery.

Sometimes your way you upward wend This simile evolves for us—

And unto me a picture send Your adverse mood depicts mankind

Of naiads clad in pearl. In stage of primal crudity:

Or of a group of woodland nymphs Robbed of your soot, you symbolize

In graceful dancing whirl. Man's higher self—divinity.

Provo, Utah Grace ingles Frost

Cumorah Ramah—Hill Hill The Hill Cumorah*

By President Anthony W. Ivins

FEEL very grateful to the Lord, my brethren and sisters, that,I through his mercy, all of us who are assembled here this morn ing enjoy the opportunity of meeting together in general conference, upon the ninetyeighth anniversary of the organization of the Church.

Reference has been made by the President of the acquisition by the Church of the spot of ground in the state of New York known as rhe hill Cumorah. It appears to me to be an event of such importance

that I desire to devote the short time which is at my disposal this morning to a discussion of that subject. There have been some

differences of opinion in regard to it, and in order that I might be correct in the statements which I make I have this morning fin ished a short manuscript which I would like to read—the first time,

i believe, in my experience, that I have ever addressed a congregation in this manner, and I do it for the purpose stated.

An Important Event

I'he purchase of this hill, which President Grant has an nounced, is an event of more than ordinary importance to the membership of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. The

memories of the remote past which cluster round this sacred spot, its close association with the opening of the present gospel dispensa tion, which has resulted in bringing together this congregation of peo ple, for without it this tabernacle would not have been erected, nor would we have been gathered here in worship today, and the thought which we entertain of the possibilities which its bosom may unfold, make the acquisition of this hill almost an epochal accomplishment in the history of the Church.

If our Bible chronology is correct, and it is at least the best we have, it was in the year 599 before the birth of Christ, our Lord, that Zedekiah was chosen to be king of Judea. His reign was of

short duration, extending over a period of only eleven years. He

was in rebellion against the Babylonian kingdom, and Nebuchadnez zar, king of Babylon, with his armies, overran Judea, made Zedekiah prisoner, put out his eyes, killed his sons, and carried the king away captive to Babylon.

It was during the reign of this king that Lehi and his family,

Address delivered at the ninetyeighth annual conference of the Church. Salt Lake

Tabernacle. April 6. 1928.

676 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ishmacl and members of his household, and Zoram, who had been a servant to Laban, left Jerusalem and began the journey which, in rime, brought them to the American continent.

As a guide to their spiritual life these people brought with them that part of the Holy Scripture known to us as the Old Testament, which contained the first five books of Moses, the prophecies of

Isaiah, Jeremiah and others of the ancient prophets. These records

were engraved upon plates of brass.

Two Sets of Plates

Soon after the arrival of these people and their establishment upon this continent, Nephi, the son of Lehi, was commanded to make other plates, on which a record of the history of his people was to be written. Two sets of plates were made from metal which

was smelted from ores that abounded in the new world to which the

Nephites had come; upon them Nephi commenced to record the

history of his people. Both of these sets of plates which were made

were called the plates of Nephi. Upon one set, which was called

the larger plates of Nephi, the secular history of the people was kept, the reign of their various kings, their system of democratic government under the judges who were chosen by the voice of the people, and their wars and contentions. A smaller set was made,

on which the religious history of the people was kept, their faith in

God and the service rendered to him, their idolatry, the handdealings of the Lord among them, the predictions of their prophets, and the persecutions which they suffered because of their faith in, and adherence to, the doctrines taught by their fathers.

It was principally from these latter plates that Mormon made the abridgment which constitutes the volume known as the Book of Mormon. These records were carefully preserved, and passed

through the hands of many different custodians before the history closed, which was more than four hundred years after the birth of the Redeemer of the world.

Besides these two sets of the plates of Nephi, and the brass plates which were brought from Jerusalem, there were twentyfour plates of gold, upon which was recorded a brief abridgment of the history of a people who came from Babylon to this continent long before the arrival of the Nephite colony. They left the old world

at the time of the building of the Tower of Babel, about 2,200 years before the birth of Christ. It was from these latter plates that

Moroni, the son of Mormon, transcribed that portion of the Book of Mormon known as the Book of Ether.

It was three hundred twentyone years after the birth of Christ that all of these records came into the hands of Ammaron, who re ceived them from his brother Amos, who was the son of Nephi, who

THE HILL CUMORAH 677

wrote the fourth book of Nephi, which appears in the Book of

Mormon, as the following shows (I am quoting here, as I shall continue to quote, from the Book of Mormon itself);

“And it came to pass that when three hundred twenty years had passed away,

Ammaron, being constrained by the Holy Ghost, did hide up the records which were sacred—yea, even all the sacred records which had been handed down from generation

to generation, which were sacred—even until the three hundred twentieth year from the

coming of Christ. And he did hide them up unto the Lord, that they might come

again unto the remnant of the House of Jacob, according to the prophecies and the promises of the Lord. And thus is the end of the record of Ammaron.”

Ammaron to Mormon

One year later Ammaron called Mormon to him and gave liim the following instruction:

“And now I, Mormon, make a record of the things which I have both seen and heard, and call it the Book of Mormon. And about the time that Ammaron hid up

the records unto the Lord, he came unto me, (I being about ten years of age, and I began to be learned somewhat after the manner of the learning of my people) and

Ammaron said unto me: I perceive that thou art a sober child, and art quick to observe;

therefore, when ye are about twenty and four years old I would that ye should remem ber the things that ye have observed concerning this people; and when ye are of that

age go to the land Antum, unto a hill which shall be called Shim: and there have 1

deposited unto the Lord all the sacred engravings concerning this people.

“And behold, ye shall take the plates of Nephi unto yourself, and the remainder shall ye leave in the place where they are; and ye shall engrave on the plates of Nephi

all the things that ye have observed concerning this people.

“And I. Mormon, being a descendant of Nephi. (and my father's name was Mor

mon) I remembered the things which Ammaron commanded me.”

Fourteen years after this charge had been given to Mormon he writes as follows:

“And now. the city of Jashon was near the land where Ammaron had deposited

the records unto the Lord, that they might not be destroyed. And behold I had gone

according to the word of Ammaron, and taken the plates of Nephi, and did make a record according to the words of Ammaron.”

It will be observed that at this time only the plates of Nephi were removed from the hill Shim by Mormon.

Years of Constant War It was forty years later, as near as we are able to fix the date, that Mormon again visited this hill, under different circumstances, r.s the following shows: Forty years had passed, forty years of

constant war and bloodshed between the Nephite people and their enemies, the Lamanites. The Nephites were fleeing before their

enemies, taking all of the inhabitants with them when Mormon says:

“And now I. Mormon, seeing that the Lamanites were about to overthrow the

land, therefore I did go to the hill Shim, and did take up all of the records which

Ammaron had hid up unto the Lord.”

678 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mormon, after taking possession of the records, returned to the command of the Nephite armies. The sacred records, which had

lain in the hill Shim for more than 50 years, were now in the custody of Mormon, and the Nephite people were fleeing before their enemies.

Ten years later, ten years of hopeless struggle. Mormon again writes

as follows:

"And I, Mormon, wrote an epistle unto the king of the Lamanites, and desired of him that he would grant unto us that we might gather together our people unto the land of Cumorah, by a hill which was called Cumorah, and there we could give them battle. And it came to pass that the king of the Lamanites did grant unto me the

things which I desired. And it came to pass that we did march forth to the land of

Cumorah. and we did pitch our tents round about the hill Cumorah; and it was in a

land of many waters, rivers, and fountains: and here we had hoped to gain advantage

over the Lamanites. And when three hundred and eighty and four years had passed

away, we had gathered in all the remainder of our people unto the land of Cumorah.

In the Hill Cumorah

"And it came to pass that when we had gathered in all our people in one to the land of Cumorah, behold I, Mormon, began to be old [this man, at this time, was past 70 years of age and was still the commanderin-chief of the Nephite army]: and knowing

it to be the last struggle of my people, and having been commanded of the Lord that I should not suffer the records which had been handed down by our fathers, which were s.tcred, to fall into the hands of the Lamanites, (for the Lamanites would destroy them )

therefore I made this record out of the plates of Nephi, and hid up in the hill Cumorah all the records which had been entrusted to me by the hand of the Lord, save it were these few plates which I gave unto my son Moroni.

"And it came to pass that my people, with their wives and their children, did now behold the armies of the Lamanites marching toward them; and with that awful

fear of death which fills the breasts of all the wicked, did they wait to receive them.”

The Final Disposition

So far as we have information, this was the final disposition which was made of the records given into the custody of Mormon, from the plates of Nephi. This latter, with the addition of the

Book of Ether, and the few chapters written by Moroni, constitute the record contained in the Book of Mormon.

All of the remaining records. Mormon tells us, were deposited

in the hill Cumorah.

That the hill Cumorah and the hill Ramah are identical is shown by the following: Moroni, in the Book of Ether, says:

"And it came to pass that the armies of Coriantumr did press upon the arrhies of

Shiz [he is telling the story now of this first people who came to the American continent from the Tower of Babel] that they beat them, that they caused them to flee before them: and they did flee southward, and did pitch their tents in a place which was called

Ogath. And it came to pass that the army of Coriantumr did pitch their tents by the

hill Ramah: and it was that same hill where my father Mormon did hide up the

records unto the Lord, which were sacred.”

The passages which I have quoted from the Book of Mormon

THE HILL CUMORAH 679

and the more extended discussion of this subject by Elder B. H.

Roberts which was published in The Deseret News of March 3 definitely established the following facts: That the hill Cumorah,

and the hill Ramah are identical. That it was around this hill that

the armies of both the Jaredites and Nephites fought their great last battles. That it was in this hill that Mormon deposited all of the

sacred records which had been entrusted to his care by Ammaron, except the abridgment which he had made from the plates of Nephi, which were delivered into the hands of his son, Moroni. We know

positively tht it was in this hill that Moroni deposited the abridg ment made by his father, and his own abridgment of the record of the Jaredites, and that it was from this hill that Joseph Smith ob tained possession of them.

Part of the Record Sealed

Only a portion of the record which came into possession of

Joseph Smith was translated, and is contained in the present edition of the Book of Mormon. Part of the record was sealed, which he

was forbidden to translate. The first Nephi, foreseeing that which

would occur among the descendants of his father, has this to say:

“And it shall come to pass that the Lord God shall bring forth unto you the words of a book, and they shall be the words of them which have slumbered.

"And behold the book shall be sealed; and in the book shall be a revelation from

God, from the beginning of the world to the ending thereof. Wherefore, because of the

things which are sealed up, the things which are sealed shall not be delivered in the day of the wickedness and abominations of the people. Wherefore the book shall be

kept from them.

“And the day cometh that the words of the book which were sealed shall be read upon the housetops: and they shall be read by the power of Christ: and all things shall

be revealed unto the children of men whichever have been among the children of men.

and whichever will be unto the end of the earth.”

From the Book of Ether

The footnotes with that which I have read refer us to the book of Ether, from which I desire to read a few paragraphs:

“And the Lord commanded the brother of Jared to go down out of the mount from the presence of the Lord, and write the things which he had seen; and they were

forbidden to come unto the children of men until after that he should be lifted up upon the cross: and for this cause did King Mosiah keep them, that they should not

come unto the world until after Christ should show himself unto his people. And

after Christ truly had showed himself unto his people he commanded that they should be made manifest.

“And now, after that, they have all dwindled in unbelief; and there is none save

it be the Lamanites, and they have rejected the gospel of Christ; therefore* I am

commanded that I should hide them up again in the earth, "Behold, I have written upon these plates the very things which the brother of

Jared saw; and there never were greater things made manifest, than those which

680 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were made manifest unto the brother of Jared. Wherefore the Lord hath com

manded me to write them; and I have written them. And he commanded me that I

should seal them up; and he also hath commanded that I should seal up the interpreta

tion thereof; wherefore I have sealed up the interpreters, according to the command

ment of the Lord. For the Lord said unto me: They shall not go forth unto the

Gentiles until the day that they shall repent of their iniquity, and become clean before the Lord. “And now I, Moroni, have written the words which were commanded me, accord ing to my memory; and I have told you the things which I have sealed up; therefore

touch them not in order that ye may translate; for that thing is forbidden you, except by

and by it shall be wisdom in God.”

Awaiting the Time

This sealed portion of the record which came into the hands of Joseph Smith but was not translated by him so far as we are aware, with the abridgment made by Mormon, the record of Ether, and the other sacred records which were deposited in the hill

Cumorah still lie in their repository, awaiting the time when the

Lord shall see fit to bring them forth, that they may be published to the world.

Whether they have been removed from the spot where Mor mon deposited them we cannot tell, but this we know, that they are safe under the guardianship of the Lord, and that they will be brought forth at the proper time, as the Lord has declared they should be, for the benefit and blessing of the people of the world, for his word never fails.

According to the Book of Mormon, many hundreds of thou sands of people fell in battle around this hill and in the immediate vicinity. It was here that two oncepowerful nations were exter

minated so far as their national existence was concerned. It was

here that these nations gathered together for their last great struggles.

Until the Last

These people were human, as we are; they carried with them

their most precious possessions until the last, and when the end of the mighty struggle came and the result was in doubt, they hid them away in order that they might not fall into the hands of their enemies.

Without doubt, these treasures lie concealed today, some of them, at least, to be brought forth in the notdistant future. How

soon this will be we do not know, but this is certain, we are more than a century nearer that time than we were at the time when

Joseph Smith took from their resting place, in the hill Cumorah, the plates from which he translated the contents of the Book of

Mormon.

All of these incidents to which I have referred, my brethren and sisters, are very closely associated with this particular spot in the

THE HILL CUMORAH 681

State of New York. Therefore I feel, as I said in the beginning of

my remarks, that the acquisition of that spot of ground is more than an incident in the history of the Church; it is an epoch—an epoch

which in my opinion is fraught with that which may become of greater interest to the Latterday Saints than that which has already occurred. We know that all of these records, all the sacred records

of the Nephite people, were deposited by Mormon in that hill. That

incident alone is sufficient to make it the sacred and hallowed spot that it is to us. I thank God that, in a way which seems to have

been providential, it has come into the possession of the Church.

I bear witness to you that the words which I have read here, quoted from the Book of Mormon, which refer to the future will be fulfilled. Those additional records will come forth, they will be

published to the world, that the children of our Father may be con verted to faith in Christ, our Lord and Redeemer, through obedience to the doctrines which he taught. May God our Father hasten that

day, is my humble prayer, and I ask it through Jesus Christ. Amen.

What We Need

We need not read all of the badness

The papers report every day;

Nor cling to the sorrow and sadness

So common in life's hurried way:

But we do need the strength and the gladness

We find when we fervently pray.

We need, then, to "pray without ceasing”.

As Jesus our Savior has said.

Our souls from doubt’s shadows releasing.

Creating heart sunshine instead.

Pure faith and good works thus increasing:

So shall we in safety be led.

We need to guard all we are saying,

That we may "offend not in word".

The prophet’s wise precepts obeying.

As old and new scriptures record.

While studying, working and praying.

We need to live near to the Lord,

We need to accept all his warnings.

Confessing his hand in the rod

Which will lead us both evenings and mornings

In paths which the lowly have trod.

Towards life in its richest adotnings—

Celestial, eternal, with God, May 1, 1928 Lxjla Greene Richards change of Sentiment

By Willard W. Bean, Caretaker of Cumorah

Jesus was baptized of John in the river Jordan, heAfter began his ministry in Galilee. It was not long before he

paid his home town, Nazareth, a visit. On the Sabbath

day, as was his custom, he went to the synagogue to worship. They

handed him the book of Isaiah from which he read, beginning at what is now, in our common version, the sixtyfirst chapter, after which he closed the book and said: “This day is this scripture ful

filled in your ears.” Or, in other words, I am He of whom Isaiah

spake. Picture the scene. Listen to the comment: “Is not this

Joseph’s son?” And they were filled with wrath. Jesus said,

“Verily I say unto you, no prophet is accepted in his own country.”

And during his brief ministry he was variously accused of being a wine bibber, a gluttonous man, a friend of publicans and sinners, a mad man, a man that hath a devil, a desecrater of the Sabbath, a blasphemer, a stirrer up of sedition, etc.

When I arrived in Palmyra, with my family, in 1914, to take over the Joseph Smith farm and act as caretaker, we found the senti ment toward Joseph Smith not unlike that which prevailed at

Nazareth toward the Master when he began his earthly ministry. I

realized more than ever before the full significance of Jesus’ saying:

“No prophet is accepted in his own country.” Joseph Smith was

commonly referred to as a towheaded, illiterate dreamer and for tune teller, an idle jackknife swapper, a muskrat and woodchuck trapper, a chicken thief, sheep thief, smoke purloiner, visionary gold digger, etc. And they could prove it to their entire satisfaction from

the accepted history of Wayne county, which has a wilfully and con temptibly written chapter on the Smith family and “Mormonism”.

This was read by each generation as it grew up, and the junior and senior high school students seemed to pride themselves in basing one of their oratoricals each year on this particular chapter. It was a

popular theme, as the history was taken at face value. It also men

tions, among other things, that an attempt was made in 1830 to proselyte the people of Palmyra to “Joe Smith’s delusions”, and

Oliver Cowdery gave a talk in the “Young Men’s Club” hall, but met with so cold a reception that he never made a second attempt and “Palmyra is well rid of a bad lot”.

So, naturally, when the good people of Palmyra learned that a “Mormon” family had settled on the “old Smith homestead” near

CHANGE OF SENTIMENT 683

Farm on State Highway On the west side of the hill Cumorah

Palmyra, they were a little curious to see us, but didn’t seem to warm up much toward their new neighbors. But that was quite natural

and rather to be expected, especially after I had familiarized myself with local history and listened to the old stories that had been handed down from one generation to another. We were pointed

out and discussed in all assemblies. Another thing that possibly

gave occasion for some of the more fertile imaginations to work overtime on gossip, was that my wife happens to be some years younger than myself, and we brought two children, 12 and 14 years of age, from a former marriage. This, of course, was the

latest addition to my harem, and that it was customary to live with each new one for seven years, etc. To help keep this gospel

alive, five different anti-“Mormon” lecturers were booked to lecture in the churches on the four corners. Resolutions were passed by

various auxiliary organizations of the churches, farmers’ grange asso ciation. etc., pledging themselves to discourage any attempt at “Mor

mon” propaganda and to show their disapproval by nonattendance.

But they soon learned to tolerate us and, in time, to respect us; and, finally, decided that we were good citizens and an asset to

684 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the community. About five years ago we purchased the J. H. Inglis

farm, consisting of 97 acres, situated on the state highway and taking in part of the hill Cumorah. About three years ago we negotiated

a deal whereby we came into possession of the Peter Whitmer farm in Fayette, Seneca county. This farm consists of 100 acres, and

is historic by reason of its being the birth place of the Church, where part of the Book of Mormon was translated, where a number of the early revelations recorded in the Doc. and Cov., were received,

and where the three special witnesses saw the angel Moroni and the gold plates.

While Pliny T. Sexton was alive, he phoned me to call at

his office as he had a matter of interest to our people to talk over with me. He said that our people had entertained a desire to get

possession of the property known locally as “Mormon Hill”. He

said that he had been thinking the matter over, and, as he was having a little trouble getting suitable tenants for his many farms, he thought the time opportune to let us have it at the “modest” price of one hundred thousand dollars. He seemed to be under the

impression that we would be glad to get the hill at any price and

Buildings on Cumorah Farm Taken from the side of the hill Cumorah

CHANGE OF SENTIMENT 685

Bennett Farm

Consisting of 220 acres which include the south end of the hill Cumorah

appeared somewhat annoyed when he was informed that he had set his price too high.

Subsequently, he died, leaving his vast property accumulations to one hundred two heirs, the nearest of kin being two nieces. When

the question of disposing of the hill Cumorah property came up, certain of the principal heirs, influenced, more or less, by prej udice, were opposed to selling it to the “Mormons” at any price and were even willing to lose their share, if need be, to keep it from falling into our hands. Death removed some of those opposed and.

early in the present year, it seemed that the coast was about clear of obstacles. I had a talk with the attorney who represented some

of the more obstreperous ones and during the next meeting of the executors and heirs, or their representatives, there was no protest registered. The attorney for the estate called me by phone and

wanted to see me at once. He seemed ready and eager to talk busi

ness: was in a very pleasant mood. After examining a number of

propositions, one came up that I thought we might accept. I told

him to put it in writing, sign it and get the other executor (one had previously died) to sign it. and I would make a deposit if necessary,

and start negotiations. The agreement was written and signed. I

686 IMPROVEMENT ERA

went home and immediately wrote to the authorities, enclosing the proposition with signed agreement, asking them to consider it if they felt that the right time had arrived for us to acquire the hill

Cumorah. This was on February 2, and, in a few days, I received

the following letter, dated also February 2:

Dear Brother Bean: Please secure a definite offer, in writing if you can possibly

do so, from the executors of Mr. Sexton’s estate, for the hill farm of 170 acres. If

they will not sell it alone, get a definite offer on the other pieces of property with the hill. But to make it binding, it would be best to have this offer in writing. If

you have to pa'y ten or twenty dollars to secure a thirtyday option, this would be the safest way to hold it. An early reply will oblige.

Sincerely your brethren, Heber J. Grant,

A. W. Ivins,

C. W. Nibley,

First Presidency.

Rather a peculiar coincidence that they should be writing me the same day and possibly the same hour to do something which I was telling them I had already carried into effect to the very last detail.

The same day I received a telegram saying that the deal was satisfac tory and to proceed to get out abstracts, titles, etc.

"Grange Home"In the city of Palmyra. New York, included in the recent purchase by the Church

CHANGE OF SENTIMENT 687

This deal included the north end of the hill Cumorah, once owned by Admiral William T. Sampson, consisting of 170 acres;

the Bennett farm consisting of 220 acres, taking in the south end of the hill; the Tripp farm joining on the east, consisting of 92 acres,

and the Grange Hall, in the village of Palmyra, a beautiful pressedbrick building, just off main street, near the busiest corners.

This gives us a total acreage of 818 acres of land where “Mormonism” had its beginning. The sentiment has so far changed that

there is scarcely more than a faint echo of the former prejudice.

Certain ones of the superpious sort felt a little shocked when they read an account of the recent deal and expressed themselves as being fearful that we might establish a colony here, and our people reach a majority and run the whole community. But there is always

somebody present who volunteers to defend us, by saying: “It would

be a good thing if they do get possession. Those people run things

right. If the people they have here now and the ones we have seen

visiting here are fair samples, we can’t get too many of them.’’

Hundreds of our young missionaries have been here, and, dur ing our celebrations, a great many have had to stop at hotels and private residences in the village, and invariably leave a good im pression which is far reaching. Landladies go out of their way

to tell me of their splendid deportment. It seems to be common

knowledge now that we have the cleanest group of young people in the world. People also travel more now-a-days. A number from

our village who have been west, and stopped off at Salt Lake City, are very warm in their praise of the city and the treatment they re ceived while there. Personally, we have plenty of friends, and are

now trying to make friends for Joseph Smith and the revealed gospel that made him what he was. The change is most noticeable. It is

no longer “Joe Smith’s old home’’, but the Joseph Smith Farm. It

is no longer “Mormon hill where Joe Smith dug up the Golden (or ‘Mormon’) Bible’’, but Cumorah Hill or Mt. Cumorah. A former

tenant of the hill Cumorah farm, who used to drive our people off the hill, is now working for us and is glad of it. It would be a hard

matter now for anybody to abuse the “Mormons”, or say slighting things about us and get away with it. There is always somebody

ready to defend us.

Palmyra. New York

Make More of Family Life

“How much more we might make of our family life, if our friendships, if evcrv secret thought of love blossomed into a deed! * * * There are words and looks an!

little observances, thoughtfulnesses, watchful little attentions, which speak of love, wh ch make it manifest, and there is scarcely a family that might not be richer in heartwealth for more of them.”—Harriet Beecher Stowe.

The Wisdom of the Wise

By George Albert Smith, Jr., Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A.

SwissGerman Mission

IS A FACT of general admission that both the peoples andIT powers of the earth have the desire to live at peace with one another. Mankind is not inclined, fundamentally, to have wars,

nor to have strife. That the fruits of peace are much more desirable

than the turmoils of war is an almost selfevident fact. Yet, we

do not reach the longedfor goal.

Nations come together to establish goodwill on a firmer basis, having the best intentions, and when they part they are often farther away than ever. Conferences, agreements, and leagues of

the most solemn and pacific countenance have fallen miserably short of their goal.

An honest observation shows this to be true, not only in the case of governments, but also of individuals; a desire for a better

and more profitable life, but a pitiable lack of ability to attain it.

These are characteristics of our presentday age, and of all ages of peoples and nations who are not actuated by the forces, the im pulses, and the standards of true religion.

The Master taught that these very desirable characteristics are the fruits of faith; and that we can easily have them, if we but obey

the laws governing them. He said further, that we should seek

first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and that if we did, all things else of lasting value would be added unto us.

And these words contain the key to the solution of our problems.

We have had it for thousands of years in this or a slightly different form, and yet men cannot discover it in its full significance.

We live in a highly educated age (and the value of learning must never be underestimated); but our education in and of itself

can easily blind us, rather than illuminate our lives. The attitudes

and motives which transfer the knowledge into lasting and effective everyday life must be learned in a more spiritual school. Education

deals in “hows” more than “whys”, and we must have the fully developed and balanced view to attain that which we seek.

We must have something which will force us, or better said, guide us to do our best. True religion will do this, but wisdom

or knowledge as sole driving forces have never succeeded. Education

in and of itself is very materialistic, and yet the trend of history and life is not determined by the outward manifestations of nature, but rather by the inner. It deals with men’s souls, with love, with hate.

THE WISDOM OF THE WISE 689

with faith, with jealousy and the other passions. They are schooled,

not by the craftiness of man, but by the Spirit of God.

There are certain tendencies of our modernism which are detri mental to progress in all fields of endeavor, and especially in this most important one, and which we must avoid or we shall be carried on with the flood past our objective and not recognize it.

The journalism of our day is highly critical, but unconstructively critical. And inasmuch as the printed word is both a cause and

a result of popular opinion and mind, this has become a characteristic of the readers as well as the writers. How many articles are written,

how many sermons preached, which point out the weakness of some prevailing system without attempting to formulate a remedy? We

read such and have the feeling that something is wrong, yet we have not been given anything better.

That is a very dangerous state of mind, for it is purely de structive, and not constructive. When it is turned on religion, on

true religion, and tested, its fallacy becomes obvious, for all attempts to provide a substitute have shown the error of the criticism rather than the criticised. If all would apply the test of logic,

and of fact, the trouble would be solved, but the average man rather presumes that it is already a proved fact, and accepts the verdict as just and sufficient. We must guard against the tendency

to let our thinking be guided by sensationalists, by scenario writers, by vaudeville entertainers and joke books.

A man says he would rather be broadminded than religious, and infers thereby that the religious man is narrowminded, which is a fallacious hypothesis. Such is, however, typical of the antireligious argument. It deals in sophistry, and is calculated to stimu

late ready approval rather than earnest thinking. It gives as an

swer to a sensible argument, a joke, which, unfortunately, tickles the ears of persons who have greater respect for wit than for pro found thought.

We must rise above this cloud of easygoing approval to see the true nature and color of things in the light of reality. The

religious person is painted by this false art as weak, ignorant, shortsighted, and highly impractical. The thought that he fears

to do wrong spreads much faster than the true fact that he has the courage to do right. Christ, the ideal, has been falsely portrayed

to much by word and brush that he is thought of as being weak, and effeminate; whereas, he was vigorous, active, and courageous.

The basis of his doctrine was individual responsibility, which calls forth the best and most virile attributes of man. It requires faith,

which is not blindness, but vision. It requires obedience, which

does not mean fear to do, but dare to do.

690 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Many philosophers, both before and after the Savior, have been able to evolve plans of peace which appeal to the reason, but which fail when applied. They do not seek the kingdom of God first, they

seek “all things else’’, and of course they must fail. Their methods

are solely material, and not spiritual. They attempt to ignore causes,

and try to obtain the results.

This is illustrated in a civilization which does more to cure social disease than to prevent immorality: which tries to force dis

cipline and order rather than teach brotherly love; which makes

laws and tries to enforce them with physical force, rather than to instill the true principles of an orderly and happy life into the souls of men.

The learning of the world, all that is true and uplifting and good, may go hand in hand with true religion, the gospel of Jesus

Christ, and only when it does can it achieve its high purpose. All

these other things are means to the end, and should not be considered themselves as objectives. We must be spiritually balanced to effect

an application. We must develop those qualities of character which

are lasting, and which alone enables us to attain the goals which men and nations so long for—outward and inward peace.

This is the work of the gospel of Jesus Christ, to teach us these principles. We must learn them and obey them. It is the

eternal law of cause and effect in its widest application. There is

no other way.

Basel, Switzerland

The Sinner’s Prayer

I am weighted down with habits of sin

Which bind me with fetters of steel.

May the peace of thy spirit renew me within

And the joy of repentance reveal.

I plead for mercy from heaven above,

I pray not for power, riches or pelf.

Oh. grant me a share in thy infinite love;

O Lord, give me courage to conquer myself.

The fame of a conquering general is great.

When behind him vast ruins we see.

But, Father, I crave no such honor or state.

Oh! please give me power to conquer just ME.

Beaver, Utah E. Cecil McGavin

Knowledge of Technique

By Chas. Kent, Supervisor oe Music,

Public Schools, Rock Springs, Wyo.

have voices and natural talents in this country that canWE easily compete with those of any other nation on earth, but, as everything tends toward the mighty dollar, study is neg lected, and getrich-quick singing is uppermost in the student mind.

The slogan of the day seems to be, “get wise quick.’’ The result is a

decadence in vocal standards; purity of tone and artistic ideals are

neglected, and loud singing and questionable effects substituted.

There is a lack of desire for knowledge of technique; operatic arias,

and particularly the dramatic ones, inspire the youthful aspirant and, as a consequence, many teachers are forced against their better convic tions to cater to the student’s erroneous ideas.

The obvious time to correct this tendency is at a very early age, and the appropriate place is in the schools. Here is your opportunity

to render an invaluable service to the nation. You can begin to cul

tivate the child’s appreciation and, through normal gradation, create a desire for purity and artistry, instead of the bombastic and the spectacular. It is an interesting fact that the child’s mind is like a

thirsty sponge, ever ready to absorb. His mind in the receptive stage

gives music the great opportunity to make its appeal through ex pression. This must be transmitted by the teacher; it can not be

told or taught. Some wise man has said, “You cannot learn nothing

to nobody.’’ This applies particularly to the vocal question in the

child. Give anyone a tone, and more especially a child, and he will

approximate the pitch without reasoning how or where to acquire it.

A good tonal example will generally induce a better response than a poor one, especially in children, who are natural imitators. A tonal

example that is agreeable and free would unconsciously appeal to the child’s hearing and create a genuine interest. Feed the youthful mind

with these subtleties rather than with drier mechanics. It is obvious

that the teacher himself, in order to accomplish this, should be able to sing a tone with correct vocal production. How otherwise would

you expect to inspire the child with the proper appreciation? To im

prove the child’s voice, you should cultivate your own so that you can illustrate correctly. This will benefit the speaking as well as

the singing voice. Your work will be enhanced almost beyond con

ception. You must educate your own hearing if you are to educate

the ear of the child towards his own organ.

I feel that this most important and valuable part of the work 692 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is the most neglected—to teach one to hear himself. It is inconceiv

able to me how anyone can fail to hear himself when the ear is cor rectly educated. It is merely an evolution toward keen aural appre

ciation. Physicists state that the ear as a sense is even keener than the

eye. I have repeatedly demonstrated to myself and to others that our

aural perception of our own tone production is an absolute and essential necessity. It is necessary to have the child learn to know

through hearing, by teaching it the correct pitch and the tone quality desired. He is not encumbered at this period with methods and so

he can the more easily learn inductively. Those who can not hear

themselves have never been taught to develop that sense. It is best

to allow children slowly to mature, musically and vocally, through induction. To sing correctly and artistically, many qualifications

arc needed. Voice, musicianship, intelligence and imagination arc

the principal qualifications.

Pioneer Days in Arizona

It was during the time of serious In rounding underbrush. The Indians were

dian troubles, in the 80’s. that a small within a few yards, had their bows and ar

party of “Mormon” pioneer farmers from rows, their tomahawks and guns, all ready

Utah were on their way to the Gila valley, for the signal from their chief to pounce in southern Arizona. They had heard of upon the little party of pioneers and mas

frequent Indian depredations and murders sacre them, when, suddenly, with bowed in the very country through which they heads and upraised hands, the travelers be were passing and they realized their great gan to pray to God.

danger. The Indians did not wait for the signal

One morning, as they were about to from their chief, but crept quietly away, ex break camp, on the Mogollon Mesa, south pecting, as they gathered again, to be pun of the Little Colorado River in Arizona, ished for acting without his orders. But,

they gathered in a circle about the dying instead of punishment, the chief said he was tmbers of their camp fire. The leader of glad they had not harmed these white peo

the party raised his hands and. as the others ple, because they were children of the Great

Spirit to whom they prayed.

bowed their heads, prayed to God for his

Three of the more friendly Indians left blessing and protection.

the band, overtook the pioneer party, as

Just then something else was happening they were driving on in their wagons, and about them. A band of Apaches were told them how they had barely escaped

stealthily creeping upon them in the sur massacre.—LeRoi C. Snow.

A Worldly Paradise

[An interesting letter, written by Dr. Geo. W. Middleton, of Salt Lake City, while

on his recent visit to the Hawaiian Islands, to Dr. Frederick J. Pack. Department of Geology.

University of Utah.—Editors.]

Honolulu, Mar. 20, 1928 Hilo, on the shore of Hawaii, the largest

Dr. F. J. Pack. island. In the forenoon they took us

My Dear Friend: through the sugar cane plantations, and in

I have had several eventful days since the afternoon we drove up to the Volcano the good ship Malolo came to anchor in Hotel, on the edge of the crater. A pre

this harbor. This is surely the paradise liminary trip around the periphery, in the

of the Pacific. cool of the evening, was very instructive.

As you know, from the geologist's They showed us tree casts, where the viewpoint, the islands are all volcanic. flowing lava streams have surrounded huge

Doctor Gregory of Yale tells me, and I forest trees, and solidified and then burned think you told me before, that it is all out their wooden core. At the national

tertiary and post tertiary. Some of these observatory, they had a pictureslide lec

mountains look very ancient to me, and, ture, showing many of the different flows of course, some of the stuff is still pour in action, and explaining their various ing from the active craters. phenomena.

I will tell you first of the visit to In the early morning I joined a hiking

Kilauea. We left this island in the eve party, and we went right through the

ning for an allnight cruise. In the early heart of the great crater of Kilauea, three

morning we found ourselves anchored at miles in diameter. The trail has been

Keanakakoi Crater Volcano, Hawaii 694 IMPROVEMENT ERA

well marked with boulders, and our guide cannot fall and do damage; but here we

had no trouble in finding his way. In see these huge cocoanuts at the top of

1924 this was a seething, boiling mass, palms forty or fifty feet high, where they sixty feet deep, of whitehot lava. In might ripen and fall at any moment. Im

every direction were jets of steam and agine the ignomy of having your head smoke relieving the internal tension. The broken by a falling cocoanut. The huge

wandering winds have scattered the seeds banyan tree, as you know, is a compound of flowers and ferns across the waste, and, tree. When the branch reaches, in its

wherever a pocket accumulates a bit of growth, a certain horizontal distance from soil, plant life begins to show itself. At the trunk, it drops down a tendril, which

the end of our threemile hike, we came takes hold in the soil and rapidly becomes to the brink of the inner crater, Helaanother trunk, rivaling in size the primary maumau, which is 3,500 feet across and one. In this way, one tree spreads over a

1,200 feet deep, with perpendicular, great space, and maintains itself by the crumbling walls. multitude of its trunk roots. Palms of

In 1924 this whole thing shot out and most all kinds grow without effort. The

sent boulders weighing tons to the height stately royal palm, with its symmetrical, of a mile and a half. Once in every smooth trunk, looks like a Grecian column,

while it fills up and overflows its rim, and when they have been laid out in a and sends a stream or streams of lava row they look like an ancient colonnade.

toward the sea. At the present time it The cocoa palm and the banana palm are

smoulders only, but nobody knows when ubiquitous.

It will burst forth. The principal danger The most interesting of all things to me

to visitors when it is in eruption is from are the people. Nine different nationalities

falling stones, or from being hemmed in are represented. Add to that all the crosses

between two streams. One visitor, two or imaginable, and you have some idea of the

three years ago, found himself so hemmed racial problem. From everywhere these

in, and he saved himself by throwing a little oogie eyes are looking at you. The

large kodak to the center of the stream, islands are prolific in children. At the

and making the distance across in two Aquarium, two kindergarten teachers came jumps. One man was killed by a falling in with a group of thirty to forty children.

stone in the great explosive eruption of The inquisitive little oogie eyes sparkled 1924. with interest. They all looked alike to

We went many hundred] feet through a me. but those teachers could point out,

huge volcanic tube, the nature of which without effort, the differences between the you first explained to me many years ago. Chinese, the Japanese, the Koreans, the

Kilauea is on the flank of Mauna Loa. Filipinos, etc. There is no race prejudice,

but there appears to be no syncronism and intermarriage across racial lines is the in their action. Mauna Loa erupts once common thing. Doctor Gregory tells me

about every seven years, but Kilauea every that the cross between Chinese and few months. Hawaiian, and probably the cross between

A night cruise brought us back to this Caucasian and Hawaiian bring out the best most interesting city. The vegetation is qualities of both races. It will be an in

varied and ornamental. Nearly all the teresting thing in the decades forward to

shrubs and trees bear blossoms of some see what this mongrel race is going to kind, and the color scheme of nature is attain.

most pleasing. The bougainvilea, in its These mongols are patient, industrious,

variously brilliant shades, is the most con thrifty and clean. The problems of the

spicuous. In some respects, nature has centuries forward in the history of the

reversed the order of things here. For the United States revolve around these people.

most part, she hangs her ponderous things When Americans have committed race on fragile vines, where they develop on suicide, and grown too proud and haughty the surface of the earth, and where they to work, these yellow men may be the

A WORLDLY PARADISE 695

Of all things Hawaiian, the people arc the most interesting

scourge that awaits them to punish them superimposed air, and the people bathe for their racial sins. The Hawaiian, as a with delight the year round.

race, is rapidly dying out. Interracial A young man by the name of Ford

marriage and high infantile mortality spell Clark was assigned to be my cabin mate their doom. Of the 24,000 still re on the return trip from the volcano. He

maining, more than half of them belong has been sociable and courteous. He says,

“Tell my friend. Professor Pack, that I

to our Church. The mission seems pros

am one that never forgets.”

perous, and the name "Mormon” is at a

My love to you and your family. I

premium among all classes here, will get at those letters about which we

Waikiki beach is the playground of the talked, but I was seasick on the way, and rich from all countries, but principally am just now coming to earth in the midst from the States, It is a beautiful beach, of this paradise.

with coral sand and greenblue serf. The Sincerely your friend.

water remains the same temperature as the Geo. W. Middleton

Houses

They're not just houses in a row. Each one a sanctified retreat;

They’re homes where firelights softly glow A call to tired returning feet;

And hearts are tuned with love and joy; Where wife and child and love abide;

A bit of pain to make alloy. A door that shuts the world outside;

With gold and dross in changing gleams; Sustaining force for worthwhile deeds.

A place of hopes and faith and dreams. But quick to serve a neighbor’s needs.

The latchkey fits, this one is mine;

Behind its walls a peace divine;

A light to call when footsteps stray;

A memory to guide the day;

A tie that binds where e’re I roam—

God bless each little house that’s Home.

Nepht. Utah Mrs. Merling D. Clyde

Eden

By Albert R. Lyman

Starting from camp that second morn the chief florist—the florist of the palace.

ing. with my solitary trail reaching wearily But why his charm, why I loved him,

on through desert silence, strange mem what palace, or what this man of strange ories seemed perculiarly ready to awake memories was to me, I would not pause from mysterious, old chambers in my to consider lest the spell be broken.

subconsciousness. I wondered if it could His name—his name—it hung stub

be a dream which had drifted to my bornly just beyond reach of my tongue’s drowsy brain as I slept in that midnight eager effort to speak it. Yet, I had sure

solitude,—a remarkable dream arousing ly known and spoken it as I gazed in the

emotions and ambitions for something im friendly eye of the florist by the vinecov mortal. lYet, the same thing had hung on ered wall. His eyes came plainer still to

the echoes of the cavernous gulches the my recollection, eyes with a keen twinkle day before: I had almost caught it in the or humor and brows of firmness and

wildly sweet notes of a thrush nesting in chivalry. His glance inspired courage, his

tall greasewoods. smile gave cheer and kind lines ran

Within us “there rises an unspeakable around his resolute lips.

desire after a knowledge of our buried The chief florist resembled no man in life,” and I attributed my vague longings my recent acquaintance, for I recalled him to that desire. Whatever it was, coming clearly,—six feet in height, commanding

in ithe sacred hush of that splendid isola and beautiful in appearance. And, inex

tion, it aroused instincts strangely prime plicable but sweet to contemplate, I loved val, making the coarse realities of my sur him. I recalled the assuring grip of his

roundings bitter in contrast. I would hand, his friendly arm around me, and

have given a horse to recall it all clearly, my glad response to his magnificent as I followed my pack along that dusty courage.

trail. The gray sentinel rocks gazing But why? What could it mean? Why

solemnly down upon me, and their brother should these unusual things engross me in sentinels shrouded in mists and haze of the remoteness of this wilderness till my distance, no doubt, held the secret un natural environments became trifling mat clouded in their ancient hearts as a heritage ters far away? I was sure his name and

of their vigil through the long ages, and whole situation stood imperishably there they seemed ready to speak wondrous in the undying archives of my psychic things. self, as sure of it as of words or names I

I had never been there before. Away cannot for the moment recall though they

yonder, by the point of that sombre nose have been common to my speech for years.

on the desert’s solemn profile, I was to Then, in those rising memories, 1 caught find Scarecrow Springs, and meet a rep the outline of a woman’s face! The love

resentative of Snide and Smithers. I gazed of man is dear to the heart, but. Oh, the

at that portentous nose, tracing ominous charm of a lovely woman—especially this

lips on the horizon below it, and a flow woman!—this woman revealed to me by

ing beard as of a hoary oracle. Sleeping the sentinel rocks of the ages!—this wom

memories stirred feebly in their tombs from an called back, by the portentous oracle of an ancient world: a hush fell on the the desert, from the realms “of our buried

whisperings of the desert. The face of a life”!

certain man came to my recollection—the Who was she? Where could she be

face and form of a man I had known as found in narrow earth or the vast borderEDEN 697

land? Was she the florist's friend? Yes, bewilderment He was the chief florist!

the florist's friend, but more to me than—the eyes, the mouth, the brows and all,

to him—more to me than to any other unless he lacked something of being as tall

man. Her eyes resembled his, her lips as I had seen him. He was the very man

showed strength and kindness sweetly I remembered seeing in the flowers by blended. Was she his sister? the palace wall, or my mind had become

I could recall meeting her in a leafy terribly twisted.

arcade from which we rowed our light bark “Excuse me,—“ he hesitated, studying

over a clear lake, the bright moon re my face, “but I've seen you before.”

flected in the blue depths beneath us. Her “There's no doubt about that,” I an

name—Oh. that dear name of her's, rich swered, relieved with his assurance of still

in lovable suggestion, it came nearer than being in safe mental balance, “but where his name to my power of speech; it tor was it?”

tured me with its nearness by coming no “I'd like to know,” he declared, eyeing nearer. But from it I remembered the me eagerly. “I was in Cuba two years

touch of her hand, the mighty lure of her and I've been in most of the states east deepbrown eyes, her voice gentle and low of Texas.”

with persuasion of music echoed from “I was in the British Isles, and I've hidden bowers. been in most of the states east of Utah,”

The inexorable commonplace of the I suggested.

desert persisted in heartless antipathy to “That's mighty strange,” he affirmed, all these immortal intuitions; “the thee shaking his head,” for I’ve seen you be

in me which works behind the veil.” fore.”

longed to disengage from dense elements “I’v'e been in New Mexico a number and fly in search of beloved hopes prime of times,” I said, gazing in wonder at his val. The dust from my horses'hoofs rose familiar features.

up in stifling clouds to attest the unre “I was never in New Mexico till this mitting claims of earth upon me. But trip.” mused the florist, trying to fathom

I knew this was no echo of a wild dream, the mystery.

no caprice of a meaningless fancy; it dwelt A continuous fire of questions and an

too deep in my incorporeal self, its sway swers, till we got our horses hobbled in was too mighty, it was too sweetly teal to the grass on the hillside, convinced us our be a dream. My intense desire had found pathways in life had never touched before.

response in the repository of profound He went to his panniers for fryingpan memories, soulrecords of wondrous worlds and canned stuff, wondering deeply on the long, long ago. strangeness of our mutual acquaintance.

Something broke the mysterious spell, “But the most remarkable feature of this "it faded into light of common day.” The whole affair,” he reflected, coming back

sombre nose on the desert's rugged profile to the fire, “is that you remember me as a lost form as I approached it, the hoary florist. It’s been the secret of my life

oracle disappeared. Dusty and weary, that I want to raise flowers more than

with the sun sinking low, I saw what I I want to do anything else. I just simply

took to be Scarecrow Springs at the foot can’t get that flower phase of it out of of the mountain. A man with two horses my mind.”

had already camped there and kindled a “I’m as sure I saw you in the flowers fire. as that I see you by this fire,” I declared,

While my tired animals drank feverish the reality of it returning in a measure as ly of the cool water, the stranger came I spoke. “I can almost call your name.

down from his fire and held out his hand, but not the name Dan -. What I

“I'm Dan -.” he said, “I represent can't account for, is that you’re six inches

Snide and Smithers.” shorter than you were then.”

I took his hand, but my jaw dropped "Well.” he pondered, seeming to view

as I drew in a long breath of surprise and it from my angle, “I could have been 698 IMPROVEMENT ERA

taller and heavier, but for severe sickness any unusual privileges, you have that ad in early childhood. My father stood six vantage over me. I really wish I could

feet or more.” believe and accept it, but it would be

“Then it’s just the failure of your body mighty hard to make so tremendous a to reach your former size,” I commented. change.”

"But the flowers—” he persisted. “I The business of Snide and Smithers took

had a little flower bed at home,—” he but twenty minutes of our time, and we

paused, looking down in the flame, and reverted at once to our former conversa the kind lines around his resolute lips tion, discussing it with spirit till long seemed to twitch with emotion. “I used after midnight.

to take Rill and the baby out to look at "That idea of my having known Rill and smell the blossoms in the morning and before I met her and married her here, when the sun went down.” He paused and then of having her again for my wife

again. “You see Rill was my wife—she in an endless hereafter;—Oh, I wish I

died—1 kept the flowers for the little could grasp and accept that. And the

girl.” He brushed his eyes and looked idea of the little girl suffering all these

away at our horses, just visible in the fall things for some wonderful, immortal pur ing shadows. “The little girl was run pose:—in a way, that is supremely sweet;

over by a team and has to live in a hospi I like it.—but something in me revolts un

tal, I had no heart to keep the flowers.” compromisingly at the very name of

The poor little girl,—a choking lump ‘Mormonism’.”

came in my throat as I thought of the My dear florist had been “blinded by motherless cripple, living her cheerless life the craftiness of men:” he wanted the

in that weary prison. He said she was truth under some popular name. But he

ten years old, and he seemed hungry to had a sister, an only sister, Jane --.

tell me all about her, but I must have She was single—twentyfour years of age.

turned him at a tangent back to the Without being at all impertinent, I as flowers. certained that much early in the evening.

While he talked and looked at me from Since her mother died she had lived and under those familiar brows, I repressed a traveled with him much of the time, and strong impulse to put my arm around him right now she awaited his return in as he had sometime done with me, but Palude, a little Mexican town the other

I feared he would misunderstand. He side of the mountain.

would have to learn more of the primeval I could pacify myself with nothing existence and grasp by slow degrees the short of a resolution to accompany him things I had been taught from infancy. next to Palude. If it had been to

Those principles would console him for Chicago, to New York, or to Liverpool, my his empty home and the motherless child, resolution to go would have been formed and he might take heart to marry again quite as readily, for I wanted to see instead of thinking in despair that all love the florist's sister more than I wanted to ties have the inevitable parting of death see any other person. Yet, for some un

ahead of them. known reason, I blamed myself for the

Also, and perhaps it impaired the qual plan, especially since I led the florist to ity of my sympathy, I wanted very much believe my trip over the mountain was to know about his sister: surely he must undertaken for quite another purpose. Still,

have a sister. he welcomed my company and we devoted

“You see,” he objected, regarding me every foot of that long trail to the vital from the keen eyes I had recalled that matters we had considered by our midnight forenoon in the shadow'of the desert fire.

sentinels, "I was never taught this re At the little adobe hotel in Palude, I markable doctrine; instead, I was poisoned met his sister. That meeting in the stuffy

against it and against your people. If lobby was the apex of some tremendous

the practice of your principles gives you anticipations, and he introduced me with

EDEN 699

flattering compliments. Under other cir begged pardon for failure to answer my

cumstances I would have been delighted to letters. “I intended to do it,” he ex

meet such a girl, beautiful, intelligent, re plained, “but I delayed, and then there fined, and I hope I betrayed no improper was my stupid prejudice. Oh, we are

signs of disappointment, for bitter disap strange creatures.”

pointment settled upon me as a dark cloud. "We must have broken the speed limit

Jane was only a stranger to me. along those busy streets, and when we -

From nowhere on the palmiest of old mem stopped at a hospital he took me with ories could I find an echo of her voice, him as if my presence were as necessary a shadow of her face. as his own.

I spent the evening with them in the We entered a little chamber with but hotel, trying to make the best of a very one bed where a young woman, thin and unpleasant situation. Bidding them good pale, lay silently in white sheets, her

bye next morning. I rode back, to camp brown hair spread in rich profusion on

alone at Scarecrow Springs and to make the linen pillow; but, from the look of

the threedays’ ride separating me from her pinched, quiet features and closed eyes,

Utah. I tried, in the solitude, to crystal I thought she was dead. The florist

lize my conclusions about that wildgoose kneeled beside her, taking her thin hand chase to Palude, and to solve the per in his and whispering softly in her ear.

plexing paradox of the florist's only sister

She looked wearily at him, and at me.

not being the woman I had remembered.

Then her eyes opened wide and she bright

When I reached that part of the trail ened as if to speak. It was the face of

where the sombre nose and the face of the sacred memories—the florist’s friend!—

hoary oracle could be seen on the profile the woman of the green bower with whom of the desert behind me, the strange mem

I crossed the lake, the moon above, the ories awakened again; the florist's

blue depths beneath.

mysterious friend became real, so real that the very thought of there being no such “Oh, is it really you?” she exclaimed

person was too terrible to entertain. in soulful voice, raising her wasted hands

I longed to see the florist again, and, towards me in love and delight.

after reaching home, I wrote him, sending That voice, gentle and low and rich books and literature on the truths I wanted with irresistable persuasion; the suffering

so much to have him know, but he made and anguish of years could not disguise it, no reply. Years passed and my meeting nor could the shrunken flesh and lines of

with him became one of the strange rid pain disguise that face.

dles in my memory of experiences. “I knew you’d come,” she said in a

After ten years. I was registering one glad ecstasy, trying to rise, “I dreamed

day in a hotel in a busy center of eastern Papa brought you.”

Colorado and a man's arm fell across my Arising, the florist took me in his arm shoulders. I looked up in surprise at the as he used to do in the remote past, draw

face of the florist, my name on his firm ing me firmly, yet tenderly, to the bed lips. A cloud of gloom hung over him. side of his daughter, “You’re the man she’s

his eyes showed sleeplessness and sorrow. waited for and longed for all this time,"

“Come with me.” he said in a hoarse he whispered with a sob. “Don’t fear

whisper, hardly allowing me time to give me,” and he placed her slender hand in my suitcase to the clerk before hurrying mine.

me to his car at the curb. “O Eden!” I groaned, the wondrous

“It’s the little girl,"he sighed, smother name returning with a rich glory of old ing bitter thoughts as he set the machine in memories: dear scenes and words and hopes

motion, “she’s made a long fight, but it’s and loves of a radiant long ago came back, no use;—I’ll soon be alone.” as the light of a world from which I had

I said little, though I learned that his wandered afar. The wonderful things of

sister had married in the distant East. He those worlds cannot be spoken in our

700 IMPROVEMENT ERA

barbarous language,—but tears, poor, why—you know why, you understand—

humble tears of love, are our only means something must be done for me when I’m remaining to express the dear memories gone, I can trust you—you’ll do it.”

when they return. I could but give my “Yes, I know it, Eden, I’ll never rest

silent tears in renewal of my love pledges till it’s done,” and I caught from her to Eden in the leafy bowers of the other steady gaze thrilling memories of what life. had been, thrilling forecast of things yet

“I have longed and prayed to see you.” to be.

she sobbed, tightening her feeble grip on “Kiss me,” she gasped, drawing me to my hand. “In this silent, lonely room her, “I have no wish to stay and suffer

for long days, and months, and years:—longer—you know what I would tell you

Oh, I wondered why it should be, and I—I’ll tell you when you come—”

listened and prayed, and the light broke She settled back in exhaustion on the into my prison house—I remembered—I pillow and closed her eyes, her lips pressed

remembered you. I know my soul hath together in firm satisfaction—the toiling

elsewhere had its setting and cometh from pulse in her wrist grew still. The florist’s

afar;—you know what I mean. I have friend—but more to me than to him!

looked wearily for your face, but always, “I have rebelled long enough,” sobbed till now, I have been disappointed.” the florist, smoothing her brown hair back

'Tve looked for you, Eden, but I had from her white brow, “I believe every no idea where to go.” dear word you have told me. Tell me

"I had to see you,” she panted, already about it again, that what you do for the having overdone her weakened powers, dear little girl, I can do for Rill and be and seeming to feast her eyes upon me, "I prepared to enter the joy of the old home couldn’t go till you came. I don’t know again when this weary pilgrimage is over.”

dlanding, Utah

When You Look at the Stars

We all have vision of worlds afar.

What do you see when you look at a star?

Some gaze only in wonderment

At the studded gems in a firmament:

Some see only the lantern eye That searches deep where our follies lie;

Some see loneliness, cold despair;

Some see the eyes of a loved one there;

Some see only a candle gleam:

Some see worlds and a Maker’s scheme:

Some see far on the misty way.

Where the stardust arches from night to day;

Some see only the falling star;

Some gaze on where the fixed orbs are;

Some see hope and its ecstasy:

Some see God in his majesty.

We all have vision of worlds afar.

What do you see when you look at a star?

hdesa. Arizona Bertha a. Kleinman

The MarryGo-Round

By Edna Nelson

Sally was the oldest child and, conse three times a day and have all the gayety, quently, the inherent leader in all the noise and bright lights of the street right family at fault finding;—in what they outside my door. Even from the front,

did and what they didn’t, what they had thisi house has no style. Inside, its nice and

and what they hadn’t, where they lived rambly and large enough, but who knows and where they didn’t live. it? When I have a home. I’m going to

This night there was a general airing of have one with a grand, imposing entrance.

grudges at the dinner table, precipitated by And in my dining room,” she said scorn a remark from Sally that she wished they fully, glancing acro.ss the room. “I’m not

lived “decently” near town so that she going to have an old couch like that relic wouldn’t have to spend half her day get under the window there. Nobody has

ting there. "Every day I spend exactly couches in their dining room, now. I

one hour and onehalf on my way to and don’t see why we must.”

from school,” she said hotly. “That means “I hope, my dear,” said her father,

seven and onehalf hours every week and “that you’ll be able to gratify all those three hundred hours every school year. whims of yours in your own home, and

Just think what I could do with that time I’m sure as far as I’m concerned, you may if I lived near school,” she complained. arrange your furniture as you wish. But

"I could study music or get all my lessons that couch there, I like. We had it made

in that time. And then,” she added especially for you children—very low and

haughtily, "it isn’t like there’s anything wide and springy so that you could lie out here after you get here. I don’t see on it by the fire, in the days before the

why you ever moved out here, anyway.” furnace. And we used to have some de

Her younger sister, Mary, of high school lightful romps on that couch,” he finished age and aping her smart friends’ senti wistfully.

ments, interposed, “Yes, and I feel so “Just the same,” interjected Sally, “I mortified when I have to tell people we think it’s hideous.” She went on in her

live way out here. They act as though reverie, “I’m going to have a lovely little

we’re pioneering, and ask me if we have new apartment, with cunning lamps and electric lights and street cars and every easy chairs and lots of pretty cushions.

thing.” We’re going always to dine on lace doilies

Even young Tom chimed in and said on a highly polished table. I don’t see

he’d like to live where there was just about why people can’t use good taste and style.

two square feet of lawn to take care of, It certainly is more stimulating to the ap no garden to irrigate and no chickens to petite.”

feed. He, too, queried, “Why did you A month later, under a summer moon.

move out in the sticks, anyway. Mom?” Jim and Sally found they agreed per

His mother answered patiently, “We fectly about an apartment. It was easily

did it simply for the sake of you children. found, engaged, and August found Mr.

We wanted to give you room to play in and Mrs. James Stillman Payne ensconced

and a place in which to develop healthy, cosily in a small, new apartment with its strong bodies. I was lonesome at first, very windows giving a view of the daz

but I like it now.” zling lights of Main street. There were

“Well, believe me,” said Sally, “when pretty lamps and pillows in the room,

I marry. I’m going to live right on Main easy chairs, and Sally and Jim dined in

street, where I can trot down town two or state.

702 IMPROVEMENT ERA

There appeared, at first, only one flaw After so fiercely hot a summer, the in the arrangement. Inasmuch as the liv autumn seemed welcome and cool, but.

ing room acted at night as a bedroom, one November day, the winter came in there was no adequate space for all of earnest. When Jim came home at night.

Jim’s shirts and all of Sally’s frilly things. Sally met him in the front hall with a

The kitchenette cupboards were filled so sweater tightly buttoned over her woolen soon that there was no room for Sally’s dress. “Didn’t you nearly freeze, today?”

lovely vases or fancy glassware. The she asked.

books they both liked were stored out “No, I didn’t notice it much. Why

of sight at Sally’s mother’s. But they did you let the furnace fire go out? That’s

managed, after a fashion, why you’re cold.”

A few weeks after they moved in, Sally “Let it go out?” said Sally wildly. “I’ve

had to wash her curtains. She remarked poked all day on the old thing and its

to her mother, “I didn’t know curtains going at its height, now.”

had to be laundered so often.” ‘Well, that’s that,” said Jim amiably,

Her mother smilingly said, “Mine have “now, we really know why we got it so been up six months.” cheap.”

But, after all, it was warm and cosy, By December the highceilinged rooms, pretty and conveniently near the center of great draughty halls, and illfitting win interest to Sally. She and Jim enjoyed dows made them think enviously of their

it until late spring. By June, Sally was, snug little apartment. That winter they

as she expressed it, “nearly suffocated.” lived around the fireplace and, as they

Accustomed to cool nights in the country, expressed it, had “cold backs” all year.

fresh breezes and airy sleeping porches, she In the spring, young Jim arrived and could not sleep in the hot, stuffy, cramped all was radiant again. Sally’s young head

quarters. She tossed all night, felt ex became filled with very definite ideas of

hausted by morning and inert all day long. plenty of sunshine, fresh air and vitamines.

Her only escape was a daily trip to the The baby, she decided, now that the family home. In winter, she had despised weather was warm enough, should have

its loneliness, but now, in the spring, with a daily airing and should sleep in the open.

the apple trees in blossom, with its green However, she was soon grieving to Jim.

ness and growing things, its fragrance “The porch is so close to the street that and coolness, it seemed heavenly. Her the children wake him as they go past;

sister, Mary, suggested that they might as and, when he is able to crawl or walk, well move out, but her mother did not where on earth can we let him play?”

second the suggestion. With the air of a discoverer, Jim said,

Sally and Jim took it upon themselves “Let’s look around for a house where he to find a new home. After a fatiguing can have a playground and sandpile; a

week house hunting, after Jim’s office house that has a big wide porch with hours, they found just what they wanted. plenty of sunshine, where its quiet and he

It was selected according to their old day can sleep peacefully.”

dreams because of its air of grandeur and “And where he can have some pets,” style and its imposinglooking entrance. added Sally. He’ll love animals in a year

It was let quite cheaply to them because from now.”

of being slightly out of repair. “A garden would be kind of fun,” sug

Sally was in ecstasies over its large, highgested Jim: “I get fed up on office work

ceilinged, cool rooms, its roomy clothes all day.”

closets and its remnants of elegance. It Sally and Jim, of course, would have

was fun for her and Jim to scatter their liked an imposinglooking house, but they possessions about instead of cramming them found buying a house quite a serious in, and it seemed to them that their souls financial responsibility and so chose a expanded accordingly. roomy, sunny, comfortable house, certainly

THE MARRYGO-ROUND 703

not stylish looking, but pleasant and at have acquired a little colic from the house tractive. with a large lawn, gracious shade hunt, they planned ecstatically.

trees and flowers, and the house had a “Say, Sally,” beamed Jim, "I wonder if glorious south exposure with windows full your family would sell us that old wide of sunshine. couch, to go right under those south win

That night as they ate, from the cup dows. It would be handy for the baby to

board shelf, a hastily improvised meal, and lie on during the day, and we could have took turns with young Jim, who seemed to a great romp on it in the evening."

The Unlucky Draw

By Elmer A. Graff

It is thrilling to read or to hear of the the fellows were really close to the edge.

hairraising experiences of others, but to Then I stooped and looked into the open be the solitary, unwilling explorer of an ing ahead of me. There is no word or

uncanny cave, is many times more ex group of words in the English language citing. which could describe my feelings when I

The incident happened while our looked—not into the eyes of my expected

school was on a naturestudy walk. Some prisoner—but into the gaping sockets of

of us boys, looking for new worlds to a human skeleton. I could not talk, not

conquer, pushed on ahead of the less im even whisper, but I must have looked like portant ninetenths of the school, and were a ghost, for, on turning my face up to call soon out of their sight. for help, the four luckiest boys in the

After gathering flowers, chasing chip world turned and fled at full speed.

munks. lizzards. and rabbits, we finallv It would be useless even to attempt to

found ourselves at the entrance of a large describe my untold misery as I dug my hole, into which a pursued rabbit had bare toes into the little declivities in the evidently disappeared. The opening drop sides of that terrible hole. By the time

ped abruptly for about six feet, then I had released myself from my predica formed an angle and extended back into ment, my brave comrades had made them the ledge and out of our sight. We felt selves heard or seen, and the teacher

that our quarry would be at the farther was running rapidly towards them. A

end of this opening, and decided that one few minutes later I stammered out the of us should go after it. About this time findings of my recent conquest. Mr.

all of us began to act rather strangely—H- then proceeded to find out the

much like the student who, unprepared, truth or falsity of my statement, and dis is seemingly much occupied when the covered the skeleton of an Indian, which teacher glances in his or her direction. The was covered with two decayed, rateaten

only way to find who should go into the blankets. An old saddle and rusty rifle

gaping hole was to draw straws. I took were lying beside the remains.

my last draw: not so much for manner’s With great care we succeeded in re

sake, but thinking that surely the unlucky moving the entire contents of the cave straw would be drawn before my turn and took them home with us. Of course.

came; but. alas! I was to go after the I was declared the discoverer and told my

bunny. story for the hundredth time to many

Words cannot describe the agony of eager listeners. To say that my fear had

that eventful moment when, with legs now turned to a feeling of very great im dangling. I dropped the remaining few portance, is not belittling the situation: for

feet to the bottom of the shallow shaft. I was proud, very proud, to have be

Before looking into the tunnellike open come so important while yet only a young ing. I looked up to be perfectly sure that man.

Provo, Utah Messages fom the Missions

"And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come."(Matt. 24:14.)

New South Wales Annual Conference

An inspirational annual event in the tended the three meetings of the confer

New South Wales district, of the Australian ence, many of them being friends and mission, was the conference held in the investigators. We are now engaged in

Enmore chapel, Sunday, January 29. at erecting a new chapel in Bankstown. a

which President and Sister Charles H. suburb of Sydney: the foundation stone

Hyde were in attendance. President Hyde was laid on January 28. We are en

delivered a powerful address on the sub couraged with the progress of the work in ject of "The Holy Ghost.’’ which was this part of the Lord’s vineyard—Wende'.t

enjoyed and appreciated by all present. L. Cottrell, district president.

Approximately three hundred persons at

Elders of New South Wales District, Australia

Front row, left to right: S. Ellwood Nebeter, mission secretary; Caroline S. Hyde,

president of mission Relief Societies; Mission President Charles H. Hyde; Wendell L. Cottrell,

president New South Wales district, all of Salt Lake City, Utah. Back row; Lowell A.

Brown, Lehi, Utah; J. Earl Brown, Lchi, Utah; Edgar T. Henderson, Pocatello, Idaho:

L. Earl Manwaring, Provo, Utah.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 705

Annual Convention in South Africa

At the close of 1927, the missionaries of vities. with the willing support and co

the South African mission met in their operation of all present. Our association

regular annual general convention. The with one another at the convention will

principal theme of the meetings was, make December 15 to 27 ever a period of "Greater Efficiency in Missionary Labors."pleasant recollection.—Theodore R. Mar

President Samuel Martin directed the acti tin, mission secretary.

Elders of the South African Mission

Seated, in front: Alfred J. Martin and Frank A. Martin. Ogden. Utah. Front row. left to

right: Paul A. Thorn (released). Springville. Utah: Leo R. Jenson (released). Salt Lake

City: Mission President Samuel Martin. Clara A. Martin. Ogden. Utah; \Vm. Earl Hutchings

(released). Springville. Utah; Noel G. Knight. Lehi. Utah, president of Cape district: Reed

H. Beckstead. Sandy. Utah, president Port Elizabeth district. Second row: Theodore R.

Martin. Ogden. Utah, mission secretary: \Vm. B. Holland. Rigby. Idaho, president Kim

berley district; Oral N. Beckstead. Preston. Idaho, president Natal district; Eoyal I.. Smith.

Cardston. Canada, president Bloemfontein district: R. Earl Madsen. Ephraim. Utah, pres

ident East London district: Marion L. Allred. Ephraim. Utah, president Transvaal district:

Rex C. Ellsworth. Safford. Arizona: Ray Wm. Ellsworth. Safford. Arizona: Wells L.

Evans, Woods Cross, Utah. Back row: O. Layton Alldredge. Mtigna. Utah: Leroy H.

Duncan. Centerville. Utah: Sheldon R. Free. Salt Lake City; Charles W. Larson. Centerville.

Utah: Bertram J. Glynn. Karibib. Southwest Africa.

Book of Mor.mon in Place of Tracts

The elders of the East Montana disare working earnestly to convey the gospel trict, of the Northcentral States mission, message effectively, and areusing the Book 706 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of Mormon in place of tracts and small copies. The Saints also were active in this

pamphlets. This method has proved very work, and were successful in placing 75

successful, and resulted in the placing of copies of the Book to good advantage.

429 copies of this sacred volume in the Two of the elders are laboring among the homes of the people between their Decem Lamanite people in Wolf Point, Montana, ber and March conferences. In the month and report encouragement in their efforts.

of December alone, Elder A, N, Redding, The elders of the district hold cottage of Los Angeles, California, disposed of meetings every night of the week, with 155 Books of Mormon, while Elder Clyde from forty to fifty in attendance.

Ritchie, of Charleston, Utah, placed 150

Top row. left to right: Geo. W. Flamm, president Billings branch: A. N. Redding, district

president, released: John G, Allred, president Northcentral States mission: Clyde Ritchie,

district president: Harold L. Ward. Bottom row: Harvey J. Robbins, R. D. Anderson,

Robert Hansen, Eli M. Tracy, president Tyler branch, Alton C. Bright.

Malmo District Holds Conference

The Malmo district of the Swedish mis ticles of Faith, and strong testimonies were sion held their spring conference March borne by the elders. The prospects are

17 to 20, with all the meetings well at bright for continued progress in this dis tended by both Saints and investigators. trict. The elders are looking forward with

The program rendered by the Sunday keen anticipation to summer work in the

School made a favorable impression on country. We appreciate the valuable in

friends and members alike. At the Sun formation contained in the Era: we find it

day evening meeting. President Hulterstrom a great help to us in our labors.—Lloyd O.

delivered an inspiring sermon on the Ar Stohl.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 707

Missionaries of the Malmo District, Sweden

Sitting, left to right: Signe L. Hulterstrom, president of mission Relief Societies and writer

of the Nordstjatnan; Eva Carlson, Lyckeby, Sweden; Gideon N. Hulterstrom, mission

president; Heber J. Olson, district president, Virginia, Idaho. Standing: Oscar Olson,

Midvale, Utah; Edwin S, Pearson, Salt Lake City; Lloyd O. Stohl, Salt Lake City,

Among the Wonders of Switzerland

Elders of the Berne District, left to right: George J. Ross, Louis M. Burgener, district

president: Gordon B. Christensen, Kenneth Huber

Alt matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Fathers and Sons’ Outing

We are now approaching the season of pel doctrine taught, but provides an ex the year when we begin to plan our cellent opportunity to become familiar with

Fathers and Sons’ outing. This outing his children’s thoughts and ideas. He

takes us away in groups from our homes can then help them to solve problems that where fathers may watch their own sons, may not have been made clear to them and, through observing the actions of his during the class period.

neighbor’s sons, make comparison. Such This same opportunity comes in the

gatherings afford a most wonderful op work outlined for the Priesthood-M. I. A.

portunity to become acquainted with our gatherings on Tuesday evening. Unless

boys’ characters and to discover their there comes into our lives an opportunity weaknesses. Generally, such trips are en to apply the principles of the gospel

joyed only once a year; few are privileged learned, it means very little to us, for,

to go oftener. Because of this fact we after all, salvation does not come alone

sometimes fail to make the best of our ad through having a knowledge of the work vantage—to apply the lessons learned dur of the Lord, but through our ability to

ing our outing in followup work, day apply that knowledge to daily service for by day, throughout the year. ourselves and our fellowmen. Because

The present plan, recommended by the of our meeting together often in the ca

General Authorities of the Church, and pacity of class work, we are able to study which provides for gospel study on the and discuss these problems, gaining in our

Sabbath morning and for priesthood acti understanding of Church doctrine and dis vities each Tuesday evening, offers an op cipline, And these provide activities which portunity for fathers and sons to be to gether on each of these occasions. A enable all to render a valuable service in

father may discuss with his children the the Church for themselves and their neigh lessons for the day; help them prepare their bors.

minds for the work before them; he can We hope that, with the coming of the

go to Sabbath School with them; and on summer months, those who are charged

the way home, and perhaps at home, can with the guidance of the Aaronic Priest question them concerning the work. This hood quorums will keep this thought in

not only gives the father an opportunity mind, and see that there is no break in to refresh his memory concerning the gos the priesthood activities during this time.

Field Notes

From the London {England) Daily Deacon Jim Hill had the clearest voice,

Mail, April 16—Boy “Mormon’s” Ser and of all the London “Mormons” who

mon—Deacon Jim Hill, Aged 13: Thir preached sermons on the Fourth Article

teenyear-old Deacon Jim Hill was the of Faith, his was the most easily and con youngest preacher at a “Mormon” confer vincingly delivered. Unlike most of the

ence held yesterday at the Surrey Masonic others, he did not refer to his notes once.

Hall, in Camberwell Newroad, S. E. Jim Hill is regarded as a promising Lat

He sat on the platform, among nearly terday Saint, and is already well on the thirty other “Mormons,” and was con way to a Priesthood which will entitle him spicuous by his bare knees and short to baptize converts.

trousers.

The Primary Jubilee

The General Superintendency and Improvement Associations for a continua

Board of the Young Men’s Mutual Im tion of their activity in the field of leisure provement Association express congratula time and recreation.

tions to the Primary Association of the Therefore, we not only extend to them

Church on having attained its fiftieth an our congratulations, but assurances of our niversary; and we sincerely hope that the hearty cooperation with them in helping

celebration of their jubilee will be a de to perform this great service for the lightful occasion to them. Church. May the Lord bless them in the

We also rejoice in the accomplishments coming years that they may ever grow and of the fifty years that have passed. There increase in good works, and in the proper

is a very close tie between the Mutual application, through the Spirit of the Lord,

Improvement Associations and the Pri of this the finest program that has been mary; indeed, we have come to look upon devised by inspired women in the field

the Primary as operating in almost identic assigned to them by the General Authori ally the same field as the Mutuals; their ties of the Church.

service, however, is with the children un

George Albert Smith, der Mutual age, but doing very much the same class of work, and, in reality, they Richard R. Lyman,

are the Junior M. I. A. They are pre Melvin J, Ballard,

paring the hosts of young boys and girls General Superintendency in the Church to come into the Mutual Y. M. M. I. A.

M. I. A. June Conference

Our coming annual M. 1. A. conference, tion of stake and ward leaders with their

to be held in Salt Lake City June 8, 9 and duties, etc., is claiming the attention of

10, is expected to be one of the most im the entire organization.

portant gatherings in the history of our We hope to meet as many delegates as organization. The great interest taken possible from the respective stakes and

throughout the Church in the new Priestwards of the Church.

hood-M. 1. A. Plan and the new organiza

TENTATIVE PROGRAM

Friday, June 8

Conference Theme:—"The Abundant Life Through the Wholesome Use of Leisure Time.”

8;00—8:45 a. m. 10:30—12 a. m.

Registration and Community Singing Department Meetings:

(Tabernacle Grounds and Assembly Hall). 1. Executive Officers (joint) (Assembly

Hall). 9:00—10:30 a. m. 2. Music Directors (joint) (Y. L. Re

Joint M. I. A. Meeting: ception Rooms).

1. Greetings. 3. Community Activity Committee (joint)

2. The new slogan. (Smith Memorial).

3. New Priesthood-M. I. A. Plan. 4. Adult Committee (joint) (Medical Arts

4. New M. I. A. Organization Plan. Bldg.).

710 IMPROVEMENT ERA

5. M Men and Gleaners (joint) (Top 3. Community Activity Committee (joint)

Floor Bishop's Bldg.). (Smith Memorial).

6. Older Scouts and Boy Scouts (Top 4. Adult Committee (joint) (Medical Arts

Floor Bureau of Information). Bldg.).

7. Junior Girls (17th ward). 5. M Men (4th Floor Bishop’s Bldg.).

8. BeeHive Girls (14th ward). 6. Gleaners (Whitney Hall).

7. Older Scouts and Boy Scouts (Top

12:00 Noon Floor Bureau of Information).

8. Junior Girls (17th ward).

M Men’s Banquet. 9. BeeHive Girls (14th ward).

Judges'Luncheon.

5:30—11:00 p. m.

2:00 p. m.

Saltair: Department Meetings: Bathing and Luncheon (5:30—7 p. m.).

1. Executive Officers to visit other depart Contest Dancing (7:00—8 p. m.).

ments. General Entertainment (8:00—11 p. m.).

2. Music Directors to visit other depart Demonstration of new Contest Dance dur

ments. ing intermission.

Saturday. June 9

8:30—9:00 a. m. 12:15 p. m.

Community Singing. Superintendents’ and Presidents’ Luncheon.

9:00—10:30 a. m. 2:00—3:30 p. m.

Demonstration of the M. I. A. in action: Contests (Continued):

Summary of: 1. Drama.

1. The Book.

2. The Project. 2. Male Chorus.

3. The Slogan. 3. Ladies'Chorus.

4. Brief summary of program. 4. Instrumental Trio.

(Organization, equipment, leadership should be given a place in the presentation). 8:00 p. m.

10:30—12:00 a. m. Finals in Contests (Tabernacle):

Contests: 1. Contest events in Music.

1. Drama. 2. M Men’s Public Speaking. 2. Winners in Public Speaking.

3. Gleaner Girls’ Public Speaking. 3. Awarding of Medals.

4. M Men’s Quartettes. 4. Announcing of next year’s contest events.

Sunday, June 10 8:30 a. m. "The Abundant Life Through the Wholesome Use of Leisure Time.’’

2.00 p. m.

General Meeting under direction of First Presidency.

7:00 p. m.

Joint M. 1. A. Meeting.

Climax Reached in Book of Mormon Activities

The regular work of the Maricopa stake and there were many contestants from the

M. I. A. for this season was completed, various ward organizations. Arthur J.

and the climax to their Book of Mormon Barnes, of the Phoenix First ward, won activities reached, with their recent pres first place with his poem, “The Book of entation of a most interesting Book of Mormon.” A pageant, tableaux (in which

Mormon program, in which all the wards some real Lamanites took part), “Glean of the stake participated. One of the ings” from the Book of Mormon, by

most important parts of the program was Gleaners and M Men, and special musical a contest in the writing of poems and numbers were features of the evening.

stories based on the theme of the evening.

MUTUAL WORK 711

New Superintendents

Arthur Wiscombc, of Roosevelt, Utah, Robert H. Sainsbury, St. Johns, Ari

was set apart on May 6, 1928, as super zona. is the new superintendent of the

intendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. in the Y. M. M. I. A. in the St. John stake, vice

Roosevelt stake, succeeding C. Fred WhalAlbert F. Anderson.

quist, honorably released.

A Utah Scout in the U. S. Army Air Service

By Joseph E. Sandborn, Cressy Field, California

“Look at it!” “Fortyfive seconds!” went to Fort McDowell. California.

“Swell pusher!” “Whoop, there she It seemed a veritable prison atat first.

goes!” Such were where all recruits are

the cries as the model broken in by exhaus pusher plane tive work. Up at

iwooped, having lost 5:30, chow, two and

its speed, only to a half hours'drill, straighten out and chow, three hours at continue its flight the end of a pick and or glide until the shovel, chow, show, frame touched the lights out at 9:00 p.

ground. m., up at 5:30 a. m.,

A group of men chow, drill—, rou

in jumpers and uni tine. Every six days

forms of the Army K. P., where he had

LIEUTENANT KELLY'S PLANE Air Service had been Cressy Field, California to wash dishes, etc.,

timing the model on for twentytwo men.

its first flight. The proud owner and and sometimes there were as many as ten

builder stood close by. his eyes sparkling, chows a day. That terminated at the end

his face beaming, giving every sign of of one month, when they sent him to contentment. Cressy Field. There he became an official

Four months before, Lynn Albert San member of the Ninth Observation Squad born, pampered son of two doting par ron. The fourth night there he did guard

ents, had joined the service. He was trying duty. “Sunny” California sihowed itself

out his wings, like a fledgling bird, for in its true light. Rain and fog, plenty of

the first time. both,—and this was “sunny” California.

Bert had belonged to all the organ A slip, a sharp wrench, and he found izations for young men in the “Mormon” out what it was to be confined to quarters

Church. He had also been an assistant and have to use crutches. Three weeks

scoutmaster of Troop 71. a member of the of limping and he was installed in the

145th Field Artillery, National Guard, and Radio Department. The planes at the

a member of the American Radio Relay field carrying radio sending and receiving

League. He had studied radio transmission sets had made necessary a radio service

in his own homeequipped, amateur department, and there was need ot oper station. ators for land and air.

He had gone from Salt Lake City to

Portland, where he stayed with friends December came with an increase in pay.

for two weeks, before the idea of join promotion and the haunting thought that ing the army came to him. A month’s Christmas had to be attended to. He

waiting at Vancouver Barracks for dis started building gliders in his spare time at charge papers from the Utah National the hill station, which was now in his

Guard came next. The length of time charge. Building model.s. buying presents,

bothered him little, for numerous rides and cards, sending them away, and testing in aeroplanes kept the routine from be his models when completed, kept him busy coming tiresome. And then—down he until Christmas, and with Christmas came

712 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rain,—and that reminded him that he was The pusher was now thirty feet.

in "sunny” California. "Fortyfive seconds.”

During the holidays, he worked hard Still climbing, but not so fast.

on his R. O. G. outdoor pusher. His "One minute.”

work completed, he was testing it out on The propellers are still turning over.

this day, January 2, 1928. "One minute and twenty seconds.”

Bert stepped off the distance and found Ah! what was that. The wind, with

it had gone a hundred yards. Recover a sudden blast, has struck and turned

ing the pusher, he walked back to where the pusher’s nose towards the bay. The

Lieutenant Marriner was standing. propellers are dead. Up only forty feet.

"That was well worth seeing,” said the “One minute and thirty seconds.”

officer. And then, "If she covered 100 Will it drop quickly and land safely

yards with 125 turns, how far will she or will it ride on the wings of the wind go with the full 850 turns?” Try it, out over the bay to be lost? There it

Sanborn.” swoops. Twentyfive feet.

"The 850 turns! Yes, sir. But I’ve "Two minutes.”

a hunch that breeze will cause trouble.”

Nobody can do anything, they stand

And putting his words into action, Bert there—it glides. It is over the bay now.

immediately began winding up the left “Two minutes, thirty seconds.”

propeller, while Jack Pratt, a member of

Still going, ten feet now.

the radio department, wound up the right.

“Three minutes.”

Then holding both props with his hands, and the pusher shoulder high, he A slight splash and the model is lost thrust it out and up at the word of forever. Eight days’ work, one and a-half

Lieutenant Marriner who was timing it. dollars cost, and an extra fine model; not

The model rose fast, and the whine wasted, but lost. Bert had gained ex

of the propellers was brought down to perience, respect, and his own confidence;

them by the breeze. nothing wasted.

"Fifteen seconds.” There he stood, happy and contented

LFp, up. still climbing, 1520 feet now. in the thought that he had found some

"Thirty seconds.” thing that he liked—radio and model

Climbing yet ascending, seemingly, to aviation.

the very clouds. It would shiver and A smile on his face, he looked off in

swoop now, the breeze was fairly strong. the distance, thinking of—the future.

For You

A red fez cap is colorful Against a skyblue sea;

But more than this are feelings

That well up deep in me.

A little fishing boat of pink,

A tan sail patched in grey, A sea as green as malachite, A wish to live each day!

Dear God, you’ve made such beauty.

What can I say or do?

I feel so small to all you’ve made—

Ah, might I live for you!

Hartford, Conn. Caroline Parker Smith

MUTUAL WORK 713

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, April, 1928

CUm Reporting Class Senior Junior Senior Junior STAKE and Attendance be and Enrollment rs Wards Wards

o Should Earolled No. No. Offir Leaders Advanced Enrollment Senior Enrollment Advanced Enrollment Junior Enrollment Total Officers Leaders Advanced Attendance Senior Attendance Advanced Attendance Junior Attendance h

760 14 9 96 165 141 20 1 97 619 43 46 46 76 211

Box Elder 557 13 13 129 235 256 36 236 892 90 128 120 25 167 530 116 416 180 36 260 1008Cottonwood 747 10 10 122 160 190 40 320 832

Deseret 521 12 11 114 216 165 20 194 709 80 115 103 16 116 430Ensign...... 960 8 8 80 304 237 52 320 993 70 211 117 33 234 665

102 47 335Gunnison 48 65 204 7 7 63 89 80 279 44 115 193 160 166 91 285 1278 844 397 12 12 131Liberty 1435 290 294 344 8 5 38 72 93 86 289 28 34 45 67 174

North Davis 461 7 7 61 66 121 13 170 431 48 31 46 5 105 235

North Weber 640 14 12 78 58 167 17 204 524 57 41 67 10 117 292

Ogden 876 11 11 97 140 220 82 324 863 68 116 108 40 190 522Oquirrh 483 6 4 47 64 83 26 104 324 34 33 30 10 58 165Pioneer 746 10 8 69 109 131 81 153 543 47 58 63 37 81 286Roosevelt.. 334 11 7 47 72 43 20 62 244 34 47 26 8 39 154

South Davis.... 526 8 8 66 145 168 232 611 56 93 96 177 422

7 6 23 56South Sevier 333 8 3 24 33 21 9 56 143 13 7

Uintah 415 10 7 53 87 95 48 129 412 43 48 81 45 74 291.. 712 9 7 60 85 103 23 175 446 45 38 54 19 139 295Weber... West Jordan -. 450 7 5 61 105 161 26 164 517 30 33 74 20 102 259 Burley 341 9 7 46 118 87 13 88 352 38 33 45 9 52 177

Franklin 434 11 11 95 126 119 13 174 527 66 66 70 7 13 222

Fremont 662 14 14 121 211 172 21 189 714 88 137 103 11 94 433 Idaho... 146 7 6 57 37 22 10 51 177 32 18 11 6 38 105 Minidoka.. 244 8 4 29 59 48 9 57 202 25 23 21 5 26 100

516 12 7 79 111 73 63 367 56 102 47 41 260 318 9 7 70 78 75 1 98 321 42 32| 30 43 147 216 5 4 33 80 52 30 195 25 37i 31 27 120 377 10 8 54 88 66 I 1 5 61 264 36 56i 48 35 175 41 11 2 63 62 318 6 284 2 91 80 42 89 1... Big Horn -.

5 121 67 9 420 85 7: 145 570 406 Il60 99 226

1 69 146 329 Maricopa...- 450 8 8 72 92 106 |197 467 53 61

37f 1( 1C 65 132 101 12 1 58 368 47 117 5C! 34 256

Snowflake 300 11 6 35 76 62 27 1 53 253 25 35 32 2C 27 139 35 61 21 66 32 36 325 1 129 Woodruff 6 1 9 1 51 23 6 47..

96 12 100 25'141 25 1 181178 |l68| 20 485 510 750 109 Il59 California Mission

GermanAustrian Mis. 721|40|40I302I313 60 28! 1 963 22! 13121 55 1243 838

Western States Mission 1141 1 5 1 34 26 77 1 17 5 20! 25 101 72 11 3 152

N. W. States Mission 135 111 1 5 1 31 1 55 78 1 19 1 192 1 32 1 34| 42 c 1 9 126

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, April, 1928

714 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of and Meeting Meeting STAKE a Attendance Book Stake M e Work Off. Off.

Men a es Monthly Ward Ward Total Average Recreation Scout M Reading Mormon LL 9 10 10 8 92 8 8 10 10 9 10 - - 10 94 8 9 7 10 10 10 10 10 10 DeseretEnsign.- Gunnison 10 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 99

10 97 10 10 8 10 10 10 10 10 - 9 8 7 7 10 10 79 5 5 10 8 9Millard Liberty --- -North Davis 9 8 9 9 7 4 9 10 10 7 82

North Weber.. 8 8 5 6 5 8 9 10 9 9 77

9 10 10 8 10 10 95 9 9 10 10Ogden 91 10 10 5 6 10 10 7 8 10 10Oquirrh. -. Pioneer 7 8 10 8 9 7 7 6 10 10 82Roosevelt 7 9 4 1 3 5 5 5 6 5 50 South Davis. 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100South Sevier 4 6 4 4 3 3 3 6 3 1 37 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100Uintah—Weber 6 10 10 6 8 8 8 8 10 10 84

West Jordan 10 8 9 10 10 6 8 7 10 8 86Burley 10 8 6 8 4 6 8 7 7 4 68 8 8 10 9 9 10 9 88Franklin 10 6 9Fremont 10 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 99

Idaho - 10 9 10 7 6 7 9 9 10 10 87

Minidoka 8 7 5 4 5 4 3 5 5 4 50 6 4 6 5 9 8 9 6 7 10 70Rigby.-- - 9 9 7 10 10 7 10 9 10 9Shelley 90. 6 7 8 9 9 6 8 8 10 7 78Twin Falls...

Yellowstone 7 10 7 6 5 8 8 10 10 8 79.- 9 4 3 3 3 2 3 2 3 2 34Big Horn --

Los Angeles 10 10 10 10 10 8 10 8 10 10 96 10 10 10 10 10 8 10 10 10 10 98Maricopa ---San Francisco -- -—10 10 9 4 8 9 6 8 9 9 82

8 8 4 4 4 5 5 6 4 10Snowflake 58 6 6 7 8 10 10 7 10..- 7Woodruff 8 79California Mission 10 10 8 8 8 9 9 9 10 7 88

GermanAustrian Mission 10 10 7 6 3 9 2 3 8 58

Western States Mission 10 10 7 6 10 9 9 7 3 71

Northwestern States Mission.. 10 10 8 5 6 8 9 8 10 10 84

Has the Church a Vision?

The longer I live the more I am convinced that the Church for today and for the future is the Church of the Heavenly Vision. And I want to ask; Have we seen any

thing? * * * Have you ever "beheld His glory, the glory as of the Onlybegotten

of the Father, full of grace and truth”? Are we still just going around exploring

in the neighborhood of a Syrian grave, to see if we can reconstruct a civilization of two thousand years'ago? Or have we seen the Lord, and are our own lives trans

figured and transformed by the sight? For, for the days that are to come, the

tremendous days of grave but glorious opportunity that are before us, I am confident in my own mind that the one thing that our land and the world is waiting for is the recovery of the vision of the glorious, living Christ for all mankind. And if there is

any faroff resemblance of us to Him, and any sheen that reflects His glory, the world will see it and take knowledge of it and be convinced thereby. For the one uncon

querable thing today is still the nobility of prayer, the sovereignty of purity, and the glory of selfsurrender, and the majesty of "the powers of the world to come.”—From

The Christian World Pulpit, quoted in the Millennial Star.

Against War. The British house of Prophet Joseph. She remembered having

lords, on May 15. 1928, unanimously seen the prophet, as he preached to the peo

endorsed Secretary Kellogg’s proposition ple. In 1848 she came to the Salt Lake

to outlaw war. The vote was taken on valley, having walked all the way from the

a resolution introduced by Lord Reading, Missouri river. On April 1 1, 1858, she be

urging the government to accept the Amer came the wife of George Q. Cannon, and

ican plan. He said in part: "America has immediately moved to Fillmore before the

made the greatest step forward toward entrance of Johnston’s army into the Salt peace that has yet been taken. We should Lake valley. When the return was being

have no hesitation in following—there made to Salt Lake City, Elder Cannon, who

should not be room for thinking that there was in charge of the printing press of is hesitation in our acceptance of a treaty The Deseret News, was met at Payson so simple and yet so wide and comprehen by a messenger from President Young sive.” Another who spoke in favor of un with news that he was called on a mission.

compromising acceptance of the American Within an hour he was on his way leav plan, was the Archbishop of Canterbury. ing the young wife literally by the road

"The proposal stands out as the most re side. During the four years mission of

markable in the history of civilization,"he her husband she supported herself and declared. Sir Austen Chamberlain, the for her child. Frank J., later to be the first

eign minister, has already, in the House of senator from the state of Utah.

Commons, announced that the government Her late years have been the peaceful has accepted the American plan "in prin sunset of an active life. In the mild

ciple”. climate of beautiful Glendale she has en

Flood Control. President Coolidge, on joyed her days of waiting for the last

May 15, 1928, signed the Mississippi call. Her assurance of the hereafter and

river flood control bill, thereby transfer meeting with her loved ones was perfect.

ring to the federal government the task Telegrams of love came from her chil of curbing the menace of the flood waters dren on the morning of Mother’s day.

of that great river. Heretofore the federal They were read to her. She understood

government and the states interested have them and a few moments later she fell cooperated in an effort to control the serene and tranquil into the sleep of death.

Mississippi: but as a result of the disastrous She is survived by all her seven chil

flood of a year ago congress decided to dren: Frank J., Angus J., Hugh J. Cannon,

make the government alone responsible. Mrs. Rosannah C. Irvine, Joseph J., Pres

It took congress five months to formulate ton J. and Karl Q. Cannon. She also

a bill acceptable to all. It was, possibly, leaves 50 other descendants, including

the greatest problem ever solved by our six greatgreat-grandchildren.

legislative assembly. Turks Ordered to Take Family Names.

Mrs. Sarah Jenne Cannon, wife of the Reports from Angora. May 12, 1928,

late President George Q. Cannon, passed state that an act requiring the people to

away at the home of their son Preston, adopt family names is nearing passage by at Glendale, Cal., where she has lived the Assembly. Consequently the Turks

the last few years. Last June Mrs. Cannon are wondering what names to take. The

fell and injured her hip seriously. She has lack of such names has caused infinite

not been able to walk since then, but confusion, as thousands call themselves the her cheerful disposition has never failed one same name, generally Mustapha or Fa her.Mrs. Cannon was born Sept. 1 1, 1839, tima. Mustapha Kemal Pasha. Turkey’s

in Camden. Canada, and came with her president, himself, was born simple Musta

parents to Nauvoo before the death of the pha. He gained the Kemal when a school

716 IMPROVEMENT ERA

teacher, impressed with his literary ability, by bad weather. The explorers reached

added the name of Turkey’s greatest writer, Spitzbergen after 21 hours actual flying.

Namick Kemal. They passed over a great deal of unex

The American Peace Society began its plored territory but saw no sign of any centennial celebration at Cleveland, Ohio, islands or land anywhere. Before leaving

May 1 1, 1928, with a large attendance. for Point Barrow, Wilkins said his course

This society was organized in 1828 by would lie about 300 miles to the south of

Wm. Ladd, of Maine, and David Low the North pole, so that he could travese

Dodge, of New York. It is nonsectarian a section of the globe never before seen by

and nonpolitical. At its centennial con man. A thirtyday food supply was taken

gress it went on record as recognizing the by the explorers in case they should be inherent right of nations to arm for selfforced down far from civilization. After

defense, but called upon all governments that, if they were lost, they had intended to see the moral obligation of outlawing to depend on their rifles for a food supply war as an instrument of national policy. while they “footed it” back to land. Eiel

At the same session, the congress denied son, who piloted the plane, was fitted for the “moral responsibility” of any govern the work by years of flying in Alaska, ment to protect the foreign investments where he flew the first airmail plane.

of its nationals in countries “notoriously Transatlantic flyers officially welcomed unsettled and disturbed.” Twenty years to Washington, D. C. The GermanIrish

ago the American Peace Society was rep crew of the Transatlantic plane Bremen—

resented in Utah by an active branch, Baron von Huenefeld, Captain Koehl and sponsored by Governor John C. Cutler, Major Fitzmaurice—were officially re

and supported by men and women of all ceived in Washington, D, C-, May 2 1928.

churches. They were acclaimed by thousands when

War without a Declaration of War. they arrived at Bolling field and, later,

Severe fighting between Japanese troops dined at the White House. They were

and forces of the Chinese Nationalists was decorated with distinguished flying crosses repKsrted from Tokio, May 7. Japan is by President Coolidge and warmly received

preparing an invasion of Chinese terri by senators and representatives when they tory. Twenty transports are ready to reached the capitol. From the White

carry 20,000 Japanese troops to Tsingtao. House luncheon, the fliers were taken to

From Pekin it is reported that the Arlington National cemetery, where they warring Chinese factions are inclined to laid wreaths on the tomb of the Unknown unite against Japan, and that arrangements Soldier. In the midst of all the bustle

are being made for a complete boycott of they confirmed reports of their plans for

Japanese products. The Nationalist gov a westward flight to include visits to

ernment has ordered the continuance of the Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit, St. Louis

northern campaign despite the Japanese and Ottawa, Ont., before they return to

complication. It has appealed for sym Europe as they came—by air. The

pathy from other nations, and has tele three aviators left Baldonnel, Ireland, graphed Hunan and Hupeh provinces to April 12, intending to land at the send heavy reinforcements north. Mitchell field. New York. For some

Captain Wilkins flies over the Arctic time they were lost to the outside world,

Ocean. Word was received in London, and, when they were overdue, fears were

April 21, 1928, that Captain George H. felt for their safety. But then word came

Wilkins, the Arctic explorer, and his com from the little island, Greenly Island, off panion, Eielson, had landed at the SpitzLabrador, that they had landed there. They

bergen radio station, completing their had spent 36 hours on the way and been flight across the Polar regions from Point driven out of their course by adverse wind

Barrow, Alaska. They had first landed at and in a dense fog. In landing, their

an uninhabited island. Doedmansoeia, plane was very much damaged. A re

where they were laid up for five days lief expedition under the direction of

PASSING EVENTS 717

Captain Floyd Bennett, who, however, raided the La Luz mine in the department passed away at Quebec, Canada, was sent of Prinzapolca, and that they took all em to Greenly Island, and the Transatlantic ployees, including Americans, prisoners.

aviators proceeded to New York and The mine is one of the largest in Nica

Washington in other planes. The three ragua. It has been operated since 1905

visitors were extremely lucky in landing and employs about 100 men.

on an island where they could find shelter A notable flight was that of Colonel in a lighthouse. If they had been forced Charles A. Lindbergh from New York to

down an hour sooner or later, they might Quebec, April 24, 1928. He covered the

have been swallowed up by the ocean or distance, almost 500 miles, in less than been lost in the wilds of Canada and never four hours, maintaining an average speed heard of again. of over 120 miles an hour. The last part

Against the SwingJohnson Boulder of the flight was made against heavy wind

Dam Bill. Senator Reed Smoot, on April and snow sleet and with low visibility, but

30, 1928, delivered a notable speech in with his usual determination the Colonel the U. S. Senate against the SwingJohn- went straight ahead and made a successful

son proposition for a Boulder dam. He landing. The object of the flight was to

spoke for two hours and 45 minutes and save the life of a fellowaviator. Mr.

held the attention of the senators from Floyd Bennett, who piloted Commander first to the last, because nearly every Byrd across the North Pole in 1926, was sentence was full of information on the lying sick with pneumonia in the Jeffery subject. He showed that it was not pro Hale hospital, Quebec. He had been given

posed to build the dam for the sake of command of a relief expedition to Greenly flood protection, as alleged, but to obtain Island, off Labrador, where two German power development, and that it was not aviators stranded on April 13, in order worth the money asked for its construction. to give them whatever assistance they

Were it built as proposed, he said, it needed. On the way he was stricken with

would be the greatest menace to life and lobar pneumonia and taken to the hospital.

property, because it could not be made safe. Special serums were ordered in New York,

"Never in his senatorial career,” says and Colonel Lindbergh was dispatched a newspaper report, "has Senator Smoot with the medicine. He made the trip as

spoken more effectively or more convinc stated, but, unfortunately, he had not been ingly than today, when he riddled the given the right kind of serum, and his trip arguments that have been advanced in proved in vain.

support of the SwingJohnson bill, and Floyd Bennett, who accompanied Com showed how Impossible, from an engineer mander Byrd across the North Pole, died ing standpoint, would be the attempt to at the Jeffery Hale hospital in Quebec.

harness the Colorado river in the way pro April 25, 1928, of double lobar pneu posed in the pending legislation.” monia. About an hour before he died

The Earth Still Growing. According he lapsed into unconsciousness. Shortly

to a newspaper dispatch, dated Suva, before noon Bennett’s body was placed in

Fiji, April 'll, 1928, the Falcon Island, of an oak coffin covered with bronze. He

the Tonga group, is again spouting lava was buried at Arlington by the side and has grown to a length of two miles. of Admiral Peary. As soon as Commander

After appearing above the waves in 1885, Byrd had communicated to the navy de

Falcon Island partially disappeared, but partment that Bennett, who was a warrant years later it was again upheaved. It is officer, had died, he issued the following

in latitude 20.20 south and longitude statement: “I am going through with

1 75.20 west. the south pole flight. I want the flight

Sandino Raids on American Gold Mine to be a monument to Bennett. The plane

in Nicaragua. Word has been received in to be used in the flight will be named

New York that the "rebel” general. AuFloyd Bennett.”

gustino Sandino, on April 12, 1928, Religious Liberty. The tenth synod of

718 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Episcopal church of the Province of brothers and sister died, and the childless the Pacific held its concluding session. Indian couple took the children under their

May 1 1, 1928, in the Tabernacle, Salt care. Brown died not long after and the

Lake City. President A. W. Ivins, in a family owe their upbringing to the Indian

brief address, welcomed the visitors, on be woman. Later Charles Johnson married,

half of the Church. At the opening of became father of several children and then

the meeting, the entire congregation re was left a widower. Mrs. Brown also un

cited the apostolic creed and the Lord’s dertook to rear this family.

prayer. The Right Reverend Walter T. Increasing the Indebtedness. The tax

Sumner, bishop of Oregon, presided. The payers of Salt Lake City, on May 5,

Reverend Alwyn E. Butcher, rector of St. 1928, voted in favor of a bond is.sue,

Paul’s church, acted as master of cere $1,500,000, for the purpose of building monies. At the morning session, dele and enlarging school houses in the city, A

gates passed a resolution recommending total of 4523 votes were cast, of which the senate committee on international re there were 2622 for the bond issue and lations to investigate further the proposed 1901 against it, a majority of 721 votes world court. Congressmen from the seven in favor of the bonds. A high school of

western states will be asked to support the some fifty classrooms, comparable with resolution. Resolutions also were adopted those of the East and West, is contem

favoring all proposals looking toward plated. The school board now owns seven

world peace and the outlawry of war. teen acres for the building and campus site

General Felix H. Robertson passed away. of this school and the Whittier which ad

April 20, 1928, at Waco, Texas, 88 years joins. It is expected that the new senior

of age. He is said to be the last of the high school will accommodate 1800 to

confederate generals. He was planning 2000 students. The next major project

to attend the confederate reunion at Little is an addition of sixteen to twenty class

Rock. Ark., in May. Resigning from the rooms and other features, including an

United States army while he was a senior auditorium, gymnasium and cafeteria, at in West Point because open hostility had the Irving junior high school. Additions

broken out between the north and his are also planned at the West junior, the home, the south, young Robertson re Jackson junior and others. The Irving

turned south and was given a captaincy in addition is planned for completing in Sep the confederate ranks. He had given up tember, 1929.

his place at West Point under vigorous protest of his superior officers, who assured Beneficial Life Insurance Company made him that his skill and daring promised a participating. The president and directors

brilliant military career. The young soldier recently announced that, by unanimous

participated in the shelling of Fort Sumpter vote of the entire stock, the Beneficial Life and was a parade marshal when President Insurance Company, Salt Lake City, Utah,

Jefferson Davis was inaugurated. He par is now converted into a participating com

ticipated in the Kentucky raids, as well pany, effective January 1, 1928. They

as in the battles of Shiloh, Chattanooga, will distribute to the policy holders, begin

Murfreesborough, Fort Pickens and other ning January 1, 1929, as often and in major engagements. such amounts as is consistent with safety,

all their future net earnings in excess of A Good Indian Woman. Mrs. Martha

3i;3 per cent on the stockholders’ invest

Brown, a fullblooded Indian, passed ments. This participating benefit extends

away. May 10, 1928, at Price, Utah, in

to all those now holding nonparticipating the home of Charles Johnson, one of her policies in the company as well as to the fosterchildren. Mrs. Brown was born on

what later became the Uintah Indian reser holders of participating policies. All new

vation in 1840. She and her husband, business will be written at the company’s

James H. Brown, came to Price in 1880. present low nonparticipating premium

The parents of Charles Johnson and his rates, but will be fully participating.

The Pope not Interested. Cardinal

Mundelein from Chicago, who went to

Rome with $1,500,000 which he turned over to the pope as a contribution from faithful members of the church in the

United States, in an interview dated Rome,

March 18. 1928, says the pope is not

interested in the campaign of Gov. Al.

Smith of New York, for the candidacy of the U. S. presidency. According to the

cardinal, "if a Catholic were elected pres ident, it would not change things one particle.” He added: "The Catholic

church in America contends with no op Ve Specialize in making up pressive legislation, has no political axe to grind and lives and thrives under the ex Singe Curtains and isting form of government. Therefore,

there is no reason whatever for it to take Draperies a partisan stand.” Modern and up to the Minute.

Jesutte Retaliation. Twenty Mexican Our work shop is equipped with the very

educators touring California under the latest appliances.

auspices of the International Council for educational progress were not welcomed Call at Z. C. M. I.

at Clara, and Santa the University of the Drapery Department scheduledreception was May 8, 1928, for cancelled, according to a statement issued Lei Our Decorator Give You an Estimate by Father C. J. McCoy, president of the FREE OF CHARGE

university and a member of the Jesuite order.

FOR THE SALTAIR M. I. A. SOCIAL, ORDER

KEELEY’S LUNCHES Remember hoiv good they were last year!

For Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, After Theatre

Let’s go to KEELEY’S “T/ie Home of Good Things to Eat”

We Pack Light Refreshments, Box Lunches or Full Course Dinners, for Outings Waffles, Sandwiches,

Travel Lunches Tamales, Meat Pies, for Missionaries Ice Oeam and Frozen

Dainties

5 Popular Stores

KEELET ICE CREAM CQ

55 So.Main 160 SaMain *160 Sa StateWlliprs QindyDept.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PELASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR YOUR VACATION Visit Utah’s Playgrounds

FOR YOUR HOUSEHOLD

Use Utah’s Sugar

SEE AND SELL OUR NATURAL WONDERS

BOOST AND BUY LOCAL PRODUCTS

BOTH ARE INCOMPARABLE

Individual Sacrament Sets NOW IN STOCK

Best in the market Will last a life time 36 glasses in each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Miade especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used in Utah and

InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and

Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

TWO OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Mt. Cartnel, Utah.

We have received the individual sacrament set in good shape and, speaking in behalf of the people of the ward, are very well pleased with the set.

Mink Creek, Idaho.

We received the sacrament set in good shape, and we are very well pleased with it.

We wish to thank you for your prompt attention.

Temple Block BUREAU OF INFORMATION Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PELASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Wedding Bells Always Ring in June

Our advice to thoNc vbo may be <Mnoerned:

Right now is the time to decide who will make your Announcements or

Invitations. You should entrust this work to a firm that assures you the

newest in style and correctness in taste.

See us now, or send for samples and prices of Printed, New Process Em bossed or Engraved Wedding Stationery.

Our line of Social Stationery is complete and I'rlccN Right

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

"I forgot everything I learned at college."

"Well, you can't make a living necking."

* a * "You’re getting extravagant, John. Why did you tip the waiter sixpencef"

Hush. He gave me a shilling too much change; I can't be mean.”

* * e "Dad, we're going to take that shortsighted bloke to the eyedoctor. He thought

a stick was a snake.”

"Well, lots of other men have done that."

"Yes. but see—he picked up a snake to hit it with.”

Safe from Burglars—A youth whose occupation keeps him from living in his home town

returned home one day to find the family not at home. The doors being open he went in and

waited but no one came. Before leaving he wished to give his mother twenty dollars. He

safely hid the money and on leaving placed the following note on the table: "Have been home,

be sure to look in the green vase on the clock shelf.—Bobby.”

Did Ton Ever Think of This

If you are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before tbe world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can, independently of what anybody else may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity—

when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information

“Utah's Largest Commercial Training SchooV'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PELASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era

We necept only the higliest class of advertisings. We recommend to our

readers the firms and goods found in our advertising pages

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE

Reneficiai Life Ins. Co. Keeley Ice Cream Co.

Bureau of Information T. D. S. Business College

Dayncs Jewelry Co. Saltair Beach Co.

Leseret Book Store Southern Pacific Lines

Deseret News Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Dinwoodey Furniture Co. UtahIdaho Sugar Co.

Fleischmann's Yeast Zion’s Cooperative Merc. Inst.

Jus. Wni. Taylor, Undertaker

“My car's name is Hen."

Veil, if your car’s name is Hen. did Chevrolet any eggs?"

Servant: "The doctor’s here, sir."

Absentminded Professor: "I can't see him: Tell him I’m sick."

"My husband gave me the most beautiful cutglass water set for my birthday."

"Your husband runs to cut glass. He gave you your ring last year."

Diner: "Give me a steak, iced tea and pie."

After a few hours the waiter returned with pie and hot tea.

Diner: "Where’s my steak?"the diner demanded, "and why did you bring me hot tea

when I asked for cold?"

"Keep your shirt on,"was the gruff reply. "The tea will be cold by the time you

get your steak."

An Easy Way to Regain Your Health

This business man from Sandy, Utah, suffered ill health but found an easy way to get rid of his ailment and regain his health.

“I am a butcher in business at Sandy, and have had considerable trouble with my stomach, due to indigestion, and was unable to eat my meals without being greatly distressed.

“Had read about Fleischmann’s Yeast and what it was supposed to do and finally decided to give it a trial. After eating it for three months regularly I noticed a

marked improvement and 1 can now eat my meals and enjoy them without having any bad after effects caused by indigestion “In order to keep myself in the best possible condition, I am eating my Fleisch mann’s Yeast regularly.”—I. H. Wright.

Eat three cakes of Fleischmann’s Yeast regularly every day, one before or between meals. Eat it plain, or dissolved in water, cold or hot (not scalding) or any

way you prefer. Eor stubborn constipation drink it in a glass of hot water before

meals and before going to bed.

FLEISCHMANN’S YEAST

At All Grocers’

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PELASB MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Summer is a Good Time To Read D The M. I. A. Gcncml lioiirilM

have already selected three of the books for your reading course.

Give yourself a refreshing treat by reading them during the Summer.

“SMOKEV.” by Will.Inmes.

A wonderful story of a wonderful horse—a Western story told by a master story

teller—If you like horses—you’ll love "Smokey”—if j'ou like a good story—you’ll

be thrilled with this one—PIUCE,

“FROM EM.MIGRANT TO IXVEXTOU,” by Piipinl.

An Inspirational story of struggle, determination and success. Just the kind of a

story for young folks’ inspiration and older folks’ encouragement.—PRICE.?2.0.

“SO BIG,” by Ferber.

When we say that this Is the best story'of this gifted writer—It should be your

guarantee that this story Is worth y'our taking time to read. A choice bit of

pleasure awaits you in "So Big.”—PRICE, 75e.

Deseret Book Company

OX 17:5 SALT LAIvE CITY, L’TAII

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH’S LEADING

1872 UNDERTAKER 1927

Best Equipped for Calls Nigbt or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence

2125 SOUTH WEST TEJIPLE STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insuie but the fire may not.

“Sec our agent in your town''

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

IIEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

K HEV WHITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WELCOME M.LA. CONFERENCE VISITORS

WEDDING RING WITH EVERY DIAMOND SOLD IN JUNE

DAYNES Jewelry Offers a FREE A Dio'nos (llamoud tlocM not depreciate sind can lie exchanjed at any time nt full value paid for it on a liierlier priced nione. Conveuleut teriiiH.

TAKE ADVANTAGE OP DAVNES WATCH DISCOUNTS

MEN’S STRAP WATCHES LADIES’ WRIST WATCHES

As Low As S8.75 and Up As Low As 11.75 and Up

Hemeinber “That Buyer Galus Who Deals With Daynes.’*

Send or ask for catalojf on Xcw Imiiroved Dayncs fa'anitary Saerauient Sets

y*.

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

Desires—Wouhl You Not Think it Marvelous?

Vour incoMie to continue even tliouRli accident or IIlnewH sliould suddenly snatch you aivny o*l reuder you unlit for work. An income for your wife—coilcKC

education f<>rVour cliiidron. The ottTiership'of your liome in ten years from now.

The possibility of retirement and the Joy of traveland leisure in your later yeaWs.

Impo.ssible? Absolutely not. These dreams can he rcnllaied

fl 7-ou act now—Make today’s hopes, realities tomorrow.

A Beneflei.vi Policy is the Key to Success

Blots out your worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office, Vermont BldK.—Salt I.nke

Heber J. Grant, President Lorenso N. Stohl, Mnnafircr

:rn’-'T’ VC to advertisers please. mention the IMPROVFMBNT ER'I