&frm '*mL m -S*. '""llilMJfc,. 1 "Jl*1 fi

What Makes a University Great?

1. HIGH QUALITY STUDENTS - BYU students are in demand because of superior education of mind, body, and spirit

in an ideal social climate. MORE FOR YOU AT BYU

Accredited by highest professional agen- 2. WELL TRAINED FACULTY - BYU faculty members

cies. have educated been in 100 universities Their and colleges.

standards are high but they give personal attention. Offers doctor's, master's, bachelor's degrees

and twoyear certificate.

3. WELL EQUIPPED CAMPUS - BYU's beautiful n e w High academic standards with special accampus has 100 major permanent buildings, ample classrooms celerated program for gifted students,

and laboratories, millionvolume library. semester system, excellent scholarship pro-

4. THAT CERTAIN SPIRIT - BYU offers all the advangram. Scholarship recognized.

tages of a big university, all the friendliness of a small college. Successful, democratic student activities

Student, religious, cultural activities thrive. program. Club and church activities not

exclusive but open to all.

-CLIP AND MAILComfortable, pleasant, attractive housing.

'The nation's top lecture, concert, and asTO: sembly series.

University Relations Division Religious all, activity for with 33 LDS wards

University, Brigham Young Provo, Utah three and stakes on campus, devotional

Please send me free of charge additional information sermons by General Authorities of the

Church. Every student takes a religion

about BYU. I am especially interested in class.

One of the nation's most beautiful campuses. Further expansion is under way.

Name

Address City State Brigham Young University

Exploring the Universe,w.

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

GRAHAMS new cake, SPEED OF GLACIERS How fast does a glacier move? It

depends on the glacier and the position in the glacier. The Great nobake!

Aletsch Glacier in the Alps advances tip?

20 inches a day at the point where i SiM* it leaves the ice freezing base or firnline, but the tip ice may move at the rate of 550 feet a year. Some

of the enormous glaciers of central

Asia move up to 2,500 feet a year, but the tongues of ice of Central

Greenland move toward the sea up to 80 feet a day or 5 miles a year.

LASER LIGHT

One of the most exciting and promisnewpieing developments in light is that of the "laser"(Light Amplication of

Stimulated Emission of Radiation) an extension from the "maser"toshorter wavelengths, where the "m"totiy!

stands for microwaves. A laser is a

device by which energy is stored, say, from a xenon flashlamp in for example a ruby crystal containing some chromium impurity. When one excited atom gives off a bundle of light

or photon, it bounces back and forth

Buy Supreme Honey Grahamsbetween highly reflecting ends of the crystal, but a little of the light wave and Supreme Cinnamon Crisp train gets out each time at one end. and enjoy the exciting new desOther excited atoms give off a photon in step with the light waves sert ideas featured on the packpassing by so that instead of the ages... Serve these two Supreme

train only alight being few wave favorites often at snack time, long, milesinches be many it may long. The laser makes possible high too!

energy, very narrow beams of precisely one narrow color. Already a

light beam from a laser has been bounced off the moon and returned to the original telescope of the sender. BAKERS SUPREME Denver, Colo. Melrose Park, III. Omaha, Nebr.

NOVEMBER 1962 769 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for November 1962 Volume 65, Number 11

The Editor's Page: To Know the Christ, President David O. McKay 794 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Art: "... All that are in their Graves,"President Joseph Fielding Smith 796 799 from "The Creation of Adam"by

Who is our Savior? /. Reuben Clark, Jr..798 800 ChristMiehaelangeloas a child, sculpture by

Miehaelangelo The Book, Jesus the Christ, Marion G. Romney 804 803, Head815 Virginiaof ChristSargentby Rembrandt

The Church Moves On, 776; Melchizedek Priesthood, 858; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 860. 81819811 PhyllisDaveLuehBurton

82136 Carl Heinrich Bloch 860 Ted Nagata 6-7 Section pages Dale KilbournSpecial Features Youth

Section Youth Virginia Sargent page 14

Appointments Made at October Conference 775 All otherStudioart and photos Ralph Reynolds

Youth Conference, Reed H. Blake 793

Those Arrayed in White, Christie Lund Coles 802 Photos:

An Assignment; Its Fulfilment, John R. Talmage.....806 793 tionMichiganServicesState University Informa799 Spiral Nebulae

Squanto, John Fix 810 858870 HaroldSybil SheltonM. Lambertfrom Monkmeyer

The Life of James E. Talmage, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 812 RoilyYouth Ford.SectionAll pagesothers1011:Ralph UpperClark Left

Thankful Tongues, Ruth C. Ikerman 815

The Parable of the Unwise Bee, James E. Talmage (Reprint) 817

First Steps in Genealogy 818 THE LIFE OF JESUS IN PICTURES (Color Insert) Reproductions of

Original Paintings by Carl Heinrich Bloch...820

Jesus Christ, the Author of Truth, Alma P. Burton.840

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 842, 844, 846, 868

A Psychiatrist Talks to Teenagers, John B. Scofield, MD 870

THE ERA OF YOUTH 873 Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris; Jr., 769; Letters and Reports, 780; These Times:

Education in Asia and Africa, G. Homer Durham, 782.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Let's Begin with Nothing 862

Stories, Poetry The Pride of Red Eagle, H. Joan Owen 838

Poetry 778, 791, 809, 814, 844, 848, 854, 857, 864, 866

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah THE COVER

A detail from a painting by Danish artist Carl Heinrich L. Evans, L. Bloch, Richard and O. Christ Green, AssociateDavid Managing Doyle McKay Editor; C. Josephson, Makba Managing L. Zobell, Albert

Editor; PatriciaResearch E. Middleton, Grant, CarterEditors; H. Blake, Editorial Associates; Editor;Reed Stephan, cleansing is Pinnock, Florence Today's FamilyJb., temple, featured the on

Editor; Editor; Era Hanks, Marion Editor; Direction: Associate Art The D. Era Youth Elaine JudithCannon, The of Studio. of Youth Ralph ReynoldsB. cover. collection of of sixteen A the

Spehry, Harris, B.Sidney Franklin Nu3ley, G. A. Contributing Junius Jackson, Hugh Gardiner, Editors. Durham, M. Homer Alma these beautiful full paintings in color

S. General S.Manager; Bentley, Associate FlorenceJr., Jacobsen, F.Joseph Business Scott, General Manager; Manager; Snarr, Verl Subscription A. Glen are found between pages 837. and 820Director; Director. Advertising Evans, T. Thayer

Inc., published Funds,Copyright 1962 by Mutual and of Associations by the Christ Mutual Improvement Saints. All rights of Jesus Church of Latterday The

pricereserved. Subscription year, $3.00 a subscriptions, foreign in advance; issues. single for special copy, except S3.50 a year, 35c in advance;

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

Era ImprovementThe a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

days'noticeThirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. AddressCoverDeseretandNewsinsertPress.were lithographed by

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM DESERET BOOK

,,.'"ii-. thai l- >i,U.,,,,'">: * -'t,l - linv/,., 1, 'i '"<* I.

',tii<> p1..'',

tWB'.,'';!x">>lK-""'v '"!>'he.,, andta;ilM<l*:''""liiirt'-xl.lklv*>,'A'-.rt '!.""J**"", "St*'<"-- "'"<'WKvnl;'.crW. N

(K li'o i, -rb-'/, ',(

't >l>lt> '

. cAln nh1 "'V,-<SVt*'f, -—ii Pwmt..f ti"*,,,,u? 'fsssr-

. thiirh"* lurid,laud, &<*,.t "Shi!"'"',!Uiiw ctlllK<>"*'""'3S* *"Twigj

the Win S"S3S *"*5 i Lswr aSHtS.T-aixw. ***t l r"i'y tVl. allIntothatthe—w 'cityof IE!***SaMaS3S:. '-amanii..

'""'<>wll!l l"ws,puaandthatwithl Itm'Kt!.!ti,m;, h?,"*<,t'JrSLSth* i ""abcjmt*'5*i.The New 5<f*Aiwit (> - ',ihtn

,d wi... ltd. S,,! t u and u,** W,

Illustrated.1

Edition

of the BOOK OF MORMON ONE LORD -ONE FAITH!

by Mark E. Petersen

Just off the press! Elder Mark E.

Here it is at last! The new, illusPetersen's newest work, One Lord

is a profound analysistrated edition of the Book of—One Faith,

Mormon in a handsome 7"x 11"of salient doctrines of the Church.

volume... an ideal size for Book As the time for celebrating the

of Mormon students! Thirtyfour birth of the Savior approaches, this

pages of full color illustrations inbook will provide that touch of cluding twelve popular Book of spiritualized giving during a muchMormon paintings by Arnold Fricommercialized season. One Lord

berg plus beautiful color pictures -One Faith has definitive answers of ancient American ruins and artito many questions that arise in the facts. An ideal Christmas gift! mind and makes for gripping spiritual reading. A perfect gift!

$3.95 $2.95

NOVEMBER 1962 771 fflWEBR DESERET BOOK OFFERS A SELECTIOIHF

3 CONTINUING THE QUEST THE WORLD AND THE 10 ONCE I WAS BLIND by President Hugh B. Brown 7 PROPHETS by Carta G. Gallemore

of story true provocative, and poignant, A Deseret suggestion excellent Book Another by Edition Nibley Enlarged Hugh blindness a family had who courageous giving. Five secfor Christmas important

for those enjoy who Christmas news Good of household. the to mother the come Life,"of "Jesus tions A Way "Service——

intellect of spritely keen and method electrifying provides Blind""Once Was His the Smith Joseph the Great and Exemplar vistas Dr. author. Nibley the new opens forthe a to challenge more reading I and GospelDirec- Prophet,""The Latterday

into ancient of prophets the the and work tunate. Life,"for tions "The World the and Good

the also Church prophecies how and shows $2.95 Holy "Holidays Dicta,"and Moral and

by both truth proclaimed as restored has spiritof rich a cover wide gamut Days"wonderprophets. A and ancient modern

ual reading. <0 nr |f t! fo"e $3.95

STAND FAST BY OUR CROSSFIRE: THE EIGHT

4 CONSTITUTION by the late President 8 YEARS WITH EISENHOWER

J. Reuben Clark, Jr. by Ezra Taft Benson

Drawing from many years of experience The author, one of two cabinet officers to as Ambassador to Mexico and a stalwart, remain with President Eisenhower throughinspiring leader in the Church, the late out his administration, was also considPresident Clark provided the Saints with ered to be a political liability by Republi- a magnificent example of patriotism, loycans and whipping boy for Democrats. In

alty, and principle. This compilation of "Crossfire"Elder Benson tells of harsh

discourses on freedom, the American way political infighting, his deep spiritual conof life, and the Constitution of the United victions, and the ultimate triumph that

States includes such provocative titles as marked his eight years as Secretary of 'Our Dwindling Sovereignty. "Why I am Agriculture.

an American,"and "Let Us Have Peace."BUILDING A HOME

$2.95 9 TO LAST FOREVER

ANSWERS TO GOSPEL by Caroline Eyring Miner 5 QUESTIONS For Latterday Saints, the home is the life here and both for the good basis I, II President by Volume HI & toward hereafter they work and Fielding Smith Joseph prineternal built on "homes"All of Smith's President three volumes are principles ciples. These

a are Questions"to Gospel "Answers the by outlined beautifully For or family member. for any LDS must

readprovide and author goshas answered Smith President years, incentive ers with added in Question"the pel page "Your questions off live Just to them.

Era. hundreds of Now, the Improvement

for press the definitely and of are answered questions

Christmas.

All in three frankly great volumes. these

volumes make a handsome gift. $1.75

$2.75 6 COURAGE TO LIVE by Robert Fox For one who may need uplifting on occasions when the spirit feels low. Courage to Live is a compilation of quotations that can elevate the soul

and provide new incentive to face seemingly insurmountable problems. Excellent

reading during short intervals when some thing profound is needed in ones

literary diet.

$1.75

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHRISTMAS MESSAGEOF BOOKS THAT CONVEY THE K

IN THE FOOTSTEPS 12 SHARE A MIRACLE 15 PARTY PATTERNS

Paxman Monroe Shirley and by J. Ira by Markham JESUS 11 OF duruseful are so ideas party Wholesome explaining how book "howto"unusual An L. by Green Doyle the time season. Christmas the When ing of addbuilding, in miracle the to share

the of Improvement editor managing The in frolic, ideas for fun new and comes life. Full a spiritual to, or rebuilding ing tour a vicarious on the reader Era takes are party successful a to contributing suggestions practical, downto-earth of and via the written word of the Land Holy will This make book appreciated. always in a will reader aid becoming the that

Picpictures. color duotone and unique gifi a fme person. better

include author, the by taken tures, $3.95 $1.95

the Galilee, of Capernaum, shots "mood"

Garden of the Resurrection, Bethlehem, 16THEARTOFHOMEMAKING ind other lovely Holy Land Places. 13 CHERISHED EXPERIENCES by Daryl V. Hoole

$1.95 From the writings of President The author, popular lecturer of "The Art

David O. McKay, compiled by of Homemaking"at the Brigham Young

Clare Middlemisss University Adult Education Center now

A poignant volume rich in wisdom and full provides an exciting, new approach to the of all the warmth, tolerance, kindness, subject in her book. Mrs. Hoole also

sincerity, and thoughtfulness of President draws from practical experience as the

McKay. Here is a "constant companion"mother of four small children. A delightspirit of Christmas carries the true that ful Christmas gift! $2.95 reader. of the right A wonderto the heart

ful, warm way to say "Merry Christmas"to someone important. * | CHRIST IN ANCIENT

COURAGE 17 AMERICA (Volume II of Archaelogy and the Book of 14 THE MEANING OF TRUTH Mormon) by Milton R. Hunter

experiexciting relates Hunter President R. Dyer by Alvin

exhis on observations made ences and after gosfor seeker the excellent book An of of Mormon "Book the tours tended leader a experience truths. as pel From white finds America. He of Central Lands"

president a mission at as and home the of and in Mexico jungles the Indians analyzes some Dyer Elder abroad, in people dark light and of both likeness of questions of pressing the inner temple of ruins Bonampak's the investigawell as as members the to add photographs walls. Numerous

of consists tors. The book

gift. a as this of book value interest and

entitled sections three of Truth,"Meaning "The of $3.95 "The Kingdom

"The Evil,'and the 18T0WARD A BETTER LIFE Day of

Gentile."by Mark E. Petersen

What better time of year to point the way

Toward a Better Life than the Christmas season? As the title of the book implies,

here is a volume that provides reading in those quiet hours when the reader pauses to refresh himself at this "oasis of spirituality."Chapters entitled "Chastity,"

"The Vision of Nephi,"and "What Makes a Man"are among many that will inspire.

$3.50

USE HANDY

MAILORDER COUPON NEXT PAGE

NOVEMBER 1962 Handsomely bound in leather, these Pocket Editions of popular Mormon literature make splendid Christmas gifts!

The convenient size (they fit right into the palm /SVTERiR of your hand) is ideal for anyone who is on the move constantly or who likes to carry an authoritative source in his pocket.

DESERET BOOK T

Handy Pocket Editions Make Excellent Gifts!

19 ARTICLES OF FAITH 22 LDS HYMNS 24COMBINATION REFERENCE by James E. Talmage A perfect little volume that will tuck away in a handby Eldin Ricks

Classic study of the principle doctrines of the Church. bag or coat pocket. You'll never be without a hymn Handy, thin, combination reference to the Standard

Black genuine leather. (C CQ book this way. Black leather. <jo qc Worksof the Church. No more digging for that scripture you wish you could recall! frl CA

20 JESUS THE CHRIST 23 A MARVELOUS WORK AND

E. by REFERENCE Talmage BIBLE James READY 25 NEW by Richards LeGrand

His mission Classic Messiah and on the LDS Ricks by Eldin classic, according Another so convenient, LDS so handy, always leather. Black to ancient scripture. and modern for Latterday of useful Bible passages A compilation accessible! gift. ideal Christmas An leather. Black

$8.00 $3.95 Saint missionaries, teachers, and students. Black cloth. $1.9521 TRIPLE COMBINATION

Pocket size Book of Mormon, Pearl of Great Price, and

Doctrine and Covenants. Just like the large edition.

Black leather. DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 East South Temple, SaltAake City, Utah

$6.50 Gentlemen:

Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $

for encircled (numbered) books:

11 12 7 9 1 10 8 5 6 3 2 4

17 18 19 21 20 14 16 22 15 13 DeseretHHBooh Co.

.... 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah -"J 23 24 25

Lii tT?JW.y-WW*:HM/

NAME

2472 Washington Blvd., Ogden ADDRESS.

777 South Main Street, Orange, California CITY ZONE STATE.

Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

New Appointments

At the Saturday afternoon session of the 132nd semiannual general conference of the Church,

October U, 1962, four new appointments were made to the General Authorities and the general officers of the Church, and they were sustained by the hands and the hearts of the membership who were assembled in the historic Salt Lake Tabernacle.

Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner was sustained as a member of the Council of the Tivelve, Elder

Bernard P. Brockbank as an Assistant to the Tivelve, Elder G. Carlos Smith, Jr., as general

superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, and Elder Isaac M. Stewart

as president of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir.

Salt Lake City native Currently serving as California businessBernard P. Brockbank a mission president, man Isaac M. Stewart

was called to fill the Brother G. Carlos named as new presiElder Nathan Eldon Tanner, vacancy left by Elder Smith was sustained dent of Salt Lake

the Church's newest aposTanner as an Assistas new YMMIA suTabernacle Choir at tle, was formerly an assistant to the Twelve. perintendent. October conference.

ant to the Council of the Twelve.

Elder Tanner was called as an Assistant to the Council States Mission but is now sustained as general superof the Twelve two years ago at the October 1960 intendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement conference. He now fills a vacancy in the Council Association, succeeding Elder Joseph T. Bentley, who

occasioned by the death last April 24th of Elder was released to carry on his assignment as comptroller

George Q. Morris. at Brigham Young University. Elder Bentley has

For a year and a half Elder Tanner has been serving carried the dual assignment, the MIA and BYU, as president of the West European Mission, an since being sustained as general superintendent in administrative mission, with headquarters near LonApril 1958.

don, England. Superintendent Smith has chosen for his assistants

Elder Bernard Park Brockbank, sustained as an Elders Marvin J. Ashton and Carl W. Buehner, who

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, comes to this served in those positions with Elder Bentley. There

position as president of the Scottish Mission of the will be no changes in the general board at present.

Church. He has seen the phenomenal recent growth Elder Isaac M. Stewart, sustained as president of

of the Church in Great Britain where he has been the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir, succeeds the late president, successively, of the North British Mission, Elder Lester F. Hewlett.

the Scotch -Irish Mission, and the Scottish Mission, Elder.,Stewart has been active in church affairs in

in a matter of several years. Washington and on the Pacific Coast.

Elder G. Carlos Smith, Jr., the third appointment at Additional biographical material and pictures of

this general conference, is also currently serving as a these newly sustained brethren are scheduled for an mission president. He is presiding in the Central early issue of The Improvement Era.

NOVEMBER 1962 775 l/UordkipPui

one.. The Church

Moves On

AUGUST 1962

The First Presidency issued a statement urging "every member that adds to franchise"of the atChurchthe comingwho is qualifiedelections,tobutvotethatto exercise"the Churchhis Godgivenhas no candidate or candidates for political office; we do not undertake

the iKeverence citizens,to tell peoplemen howand to women,vote...."[should]The statementvote accordingfurther read:to their"All

of your honest convictions."The four divisions of the annual allChurch softball tournafield, at finished: Morris played ment, Salt Lake City, George Q.religious service

Ball: Senior Centerville Third Roosevelt Third Slow Ward, Ward,

Pleasant Green Ward, Lindon Second Ward (fourth place—consolation). The sportsmanship trophy was given to Stratford Ward.

Shirl Robbins of the Roosevelt team was named the outstanding player while Albert (Sonny) Sudbury of Pleasant Green was the most valuable player. Senior Fast Ball: Pocatello Twentythird

Ward, Inglewood Ward, Studio City Ward, Monument Park West

Fifth Ward (fourth place—consolation). Studio City received the

sportsmanship award. Clint Nelson of Pocatello was the outstanding

player; Leonard Haynes of Inglewood the most valuable player.

Junior Slow Ball: Centerfield Ward, Hurricane North Ward, Nyssa

Ward, McKinley Ward (fourth place—consolation ). The sportsmanship trophy went to Nyssa, Reed Roberts of Centerfield was

Playing dimensions and console arrangements the outstanding player and Mike Mitchell of McKinley the most rigidly toconform the specifications of the valuable player. Junior Fast Ball: Chandler Second Ward, Lehi

Organists. Guild ofAmerican Third Ward, Pasadena Ward, and Polynesian Ward (fourth place-

A Wurlitzer Church Organ offers consolation). Centerville Third received the sportsmanship trophy.

rich, worshipful tone—a reverent and Mike Eyring of Chandler was the outstanding player and Glen

moving contribution to the Church Hadfield of Lehi the most valuable player.

Service.

It places at the command of any The approval by the First Presidency of plans to enlarge the organist an infinite range of tradipresent Southwest Indian Mission, extending it northward to tional organ voices. Transmitted by embrace some seventyfive thousand Indians in eleven new tribes

Wurlitzer's High Fidelity Sound Syson twentythree reservations in Wyoming, Minnesota, North and tem, the result is glorious organ South Dakota, and Nebraska, was announced. Missionary work

music... truly Music's Richest Voice. among some of these Indians has been taking place under the

direction of the North Central States and West Central States transfer of the the areas to Southwest Indian is mission's that the WurliTzer Organs Mission.Mission it Withis expectedthe to be changed name

to the Indian Mission. FREE

Church Organ Glasgow Stake, the first in Scotland, the 356th now functionFund Raising Kit ing in the Church, was organized by President David O.

McKay. Assisting him were Elder Nathan Eldon Tanner, Assistant

j The Wurlitzer Company to the Council of the Twelve, and Elder Marion D. Hanks of the

| Dept. IE1162, DeKalb, 111. First Council of the Seventy. Elder Archibald R. Richardson was

I Please send me information about the sustained as stake president with Elders David M. Porch and

| Fund Raising Kit and Wurlitzer Organs. William Proctor as his counselors. Glasgow Stake embraces eight

I I NAME wardsWright,andthe onefirst branch.LDS missionariesElders Samuelto Scotland,Mullinerarrivedandin AlexanderGlasgow,

I ADDRESS | CITY ZONE. STATE 776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

You Get All This...

C-3 Camera,

Leather Case ARGUS C-3 & Flash OUTFIT The Favorite Missionary Camera

Owned and enjoyed by more people than any other camera in the world. Easy to

use for slides and snaps outdoors or in. Once sold for $69.95. $3995

Nothing Down Only $1 Week!

Salt Lake: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main—2190 Highland Dr.

Come In, Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 West Center St.

Phone or Order By Mail! Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

Order Now for Christmas!

this amazing HAMILTON BEACH SALAD MAKER * MEAT GRINDER * CAN OPENER

ONE POWER UNIT

OPERATES ALL THREE!

Combined >v VALUE $61.80

Now Only dm $408849 POSTAGE PAID ANYWHERE "\ IN THE UNITED STATES SLICES, SHREDS, GRATES GRINDS RAW OR COOKED

MEATS OPENS CANS QUICKLY - NO SHARP EDGES!

PERFECT FORJjARMAMIUESm|bmim 21 15 SOUTH PleaseEnclosedsend$49.88.HAMILTONCheck BEACHMoney OrderFood Converter. I|

1 1 TH EAST II NAME. I

SALT LAKE CITY, I ADDRESS. I

UTAH

NOVEMBER 1962 777 December 20, 1839. President David

O. McKay served there as a missionary some sixty -five years ago.

Elder Blaine W. Hancey sustained

as first counselor to President Reed

M. Broadbent of Cache (Utah)

Stake, succeeding Elder Vaughn E.

Hansen. Elder William A. Sorenson

sustained as second counselor, succeeding Elder Hancey.

SEPTEMBER 1962

Elder Lester F. Hewlett, president of the Salt Lake TabernacleBJ9IN9S Choir since February 1938, died this

Employment Opportunities evening of a heart ailment. The

Now Available in businessmansixtysix-year hadoldbeenSaltin poorLake healthCity

SAII IAK Gifd for severalMuch lovedmonths.by members of the

Church the world over, President David O. McKay marked the

eightyninth anniversary of his birth today.

The appointment of Mrs. Emma

Rae McKay Ashton and Mrs. Alice

M. Yeates to the general board of the

Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association was announced.

Three new board members for the

Deseret Sunday School Union were announced: Elders Clarence L. Madsen, J. Elliot Cameron, and B. A. STIMULATING CHALLENGE—Telemetering

In Sperry Utah's up - to - the - minute Electronics Childs.

plant you will work on the newest elecCircuit PRESIDENT MCKAY tronic projects, using the most modern Design BY SYLVIA PROBST YOUNG facilities. Opportunities for creative

engineering are as diversified as the acDigital His hair is silver white, but firm and tivities of the vast Sperry Rand CorComputers strong stands against the years, his He poration. Openings exist in almost every Quality gentle voice field of specialization, including——, Control Proclaims the word of God and we

Engineering who hear Are fed the bread of life, our hearts LIFETIME CAREER—You will be rejoice Inertial

a part of the worldfamous Sperry orGuidance For him, the Lord's anointed, well ganization, whose history covers more acclaimed, than half a century of continuous Publications But ever humble in the Masters way, achievement and expansion. You may Engineering With time to see a child, to clasp a

look forward to a longterm future, hand, Servomechanisms Or give warm comfort for a darkened progressing as Sperry progresses. day.

Radar FOR DETAILS concerning your fuProduction Byworlddawn and star he marvels at God's ture with Sperry Utah in Salt Lake City, Engineering In gratitude, and every shining grace send employment inquiry or resume to Has marked the pattern of his

Structures worthy life, And left its glowing print upon his

Mr. Richard L. Htdlinger Aerodynamics face.

Lord, for thy children lengthen still his stayBeloved prophet, President McKay.

322 NORTH 2100 WEST SALT LAKE CITY 16, UTAH 778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J

'>%? %ni &**

En wjeci

i&'zi mk.-.

.m-*'

mmiieri/if m

'Here's how it works:. of the Chb. benefits full are

and alternates. tions

'"(o the rip!n< dug

(in any P; di selections lifetime 12 months - -5 c"selectea next.a in been na. have books a savings oj prepay sent free..- are book a fifth 2.Loi"Aliks

\ additional charges. o/cS iVeCnoam

(The) Makers Myth 16ib 'Reconciliations HughNibley &, Evidences 1, Happiness One Elder in to Volumes Cowdery2nd Pathways 3 r. Oliver 17W McKay 0. Mdtsoe A. David Reach Scribe John and Upward The Faith 1 Your By Sril Live and Gunn to Science W. Stanley Faith /\ Sterling 18

- 12U Petersen God S E. in Mark Glory Lord The 7. the off of Green HouseH0US Sill R.?2 - Years Paul Vt Sterling 2000 Talmage First E. n li 'j ameS I Do V. n We Shall Salvat CleonSkousen of vv What 19 Doctrines s8 - Carpet SpeaK WcConkie Red Love? The With R. H3

'Bruce Latterday Benson II Tatt Eberhardr. V. U Ezra n Ludlow Ernest Salvat H. of Daniel PPh Doctrines

'Manual q9 Living Instruc. NlcConkie tor R.. Genealog. Patterns Bruce 20 Leadership,. 15, Petersen V. E. Sill} SaWaVn, Mark VI. of Sterling in1U - Doctrines Indians McConkie R. Among Bruce Yrs. Forty S

Daniel Jones

CLUB, INC SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH LDSP. O. BOXBOOKS400 1188 SOUTH MAIN

Please send a gift membership in the LDS Books Club to: I have checked the first selection below, which I understand

NAME will be received in time for Christmas with my gift card and a certificate entitling recipient to select 4 additional books

ADDRESS during the next 12 months from the monthly bulletin.

CITY ZONE STATE 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11

12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 I have enclosed my check or money order for $15.00 full payPLEASE ment for this membership.

SIGN My Name GIFT CARD Address AS FOLLOWS: City Zone. State

Check must accompany order

NOVEMBER 1962 779 Zippy, the Zions Savings Bug, says

The Four

Documents of Freedom can be yours at

no charge...

When you open or add to a savings

account at Zions

f Savings & Loan!

To receive your FREE copy of each of 4 handsome parchment reproductions:

1. Open or add to your savings account

in the amount of $10, and receive the

Constitution of the U.S. 2. Add another

$10 and receive the Declaration of

Independence. 3. An additional $10

... the Bill of Rights. 4. Still another

$10... Lincoln's Gettysburg Address.

If you prefer, a $40 deposit will bring you all 4 facsimiles at once. PIONEER CELEBRATION

Pictured are members of the San Antonio the Mormon Pioneers to Utah. The branch

MAIL COUPON TODAY Branch No. Two, San Antonio (Texas), held a parade after which they enjoyed

Zions Savings & Loan Association following their celebration of the arrival of dinner.

33 E. First South, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please add to my Zions Savings & Loan account. EAGLE AT THIRTEEN

I enclose check/money order for $

Please open my Zions Savings & Loan account Robert Dennis Baird, Hahn Air Base LDS in amount of $ for which I enclose Servicemen's Branch, Germany, recently check/money order. achieved his Eagle Scout award at the

in my name alone. age of thirteen and despite the fact that

in unit organized his there is no scouting in my name jointly with: branch. son of Captain Mrs. and The

in my name in trust for: R. D. Baird, he received his award from

Please send Freedom Document reproductions to: Hahn Air Base Commander, Colonel John

My Name A. C. Andrews.

My Address

City.Zone..State.

your per year savings current rate earn compounded a full semiannually PRESIDENTS CONFERENCE

Pictured are mission presidents and their your acnounts insured to $10,0 by an agency of the wives near some Inca ruins in Peru during

Federal Govt. the South American Mission Presidents

Conference held recently. From left to

A group of mothers in the Sunnyside Ward, right: Pres. and Sister J. T. Fyans, UruCarbon (Utah) Stake, are keeping fit by guaian Mission; Pres. and Sister J. V.

meeting at the tennis court each morning Sharp, Andes Mission; Pres. and Sister IONS at six for matches with one another. A. T. Tuttle, South American Mission;

During the winter months they swim inPres. and Sister F. B. Paulsen, Brazilian SAVINGS doors and bowl. They have been carrying South Mission; Pres. and Sister A. D.

and Loan Association out this program for several years. All are Palmer, Chilean Mission; Pres. and Sister

active members of the Relief Society and W. G. Bangerter, Brazilian Mission; and

other church organizations. All but three Pres. and Sister C. L. Snelgrove, Argen33 E. First SouthSalt Lake City are grandmothers. tine Mission.

4901 South State In Murray

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Letters and Reports

Jgpjgte.

There's a whole family of U and I Sugar in bags and handy onepound cartons (Brown, Fine

Granulated, Superfine Dessert, and Powdered) for all these Thanksgiving treats. There's

I - home produced - the best you can buy!CHAMPIONS nothing quite like U and

In a sports day against competing teams UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY from the Anglican, Presbyterian, and

Catholic churches, the LDS team from the Palmerston North Branch, Manawatu

District, New Zealand South Mission, won the basketball, tennis, and table tennis championships.

Team members include: ( 1-r ) front

row, Ann Craig (basketball), Desmond

Evernden (tennis, table tennis), and

Moana Manihera (basketball); back row,

Lola Lane (basketball, tennis, table tennis), Frances Gerrand (basketball),

Dorothy Lane (basketball, tennis), and branch president Lesley Jensen (team manager).

NEW EAGLES

Three cousins in Troop 113, LaGrande

First Ward, Union (Oregon) Stake, recently received their Eagle Scout award.

Together with their scoutmaster, they attended the fiftieth anniversary National

Jamboree at Colorado Springs, Colorado.

in their uniforms, Pictured jamboree they A title on the door... rates a Bigelow on the floor

scoutmaster; L, are ( 1-r ): Hibbert, Eugene

Stephen Nebeker, Ivan Hibbert, and P. S. Now that you're a Captain of Industry, why not deck out your quarters with

Leland Nebeker. the quiet, comfort and distinction of Bigelow Carpets. Special designs, colors

and textures available. Call any Bigelow district office or our Contract Dept.,

140 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. People who know...buy BIGELOW.

NOVEMBER 1962 781 IF YOU'RE Education in IN A BIG, Asia and Africa BIG HURRY FOR THESE TIMES FOLDING BYPRESIDENT,DR. G.ARIZONAHOMERSTATEDURHAMUNIVERSITY, TEMPE

CHAIRS...

In 1960, eighteen Asian nations and supervision in order to get the adopted the Karachi Plan. This plan best returns on educational investaims to provide seven years'free ment.

and compulsory education for the Those who live in the western children of Asia by 1980. In Africa, countries can hardly appreciate the

nearly forty new nations are atimmensity of the tasks facing the tempting to develop the socalled new nations of Asia and Africa in

Addis Ababa plan. In Africa the this regard.

problems of education are perhaps It is highly important that these the most critical of any region in the educational systems have as a priworld. A conference of African minmary goal the freedom, independisters of education held recently in ence, and dignity of the individual,

Paris listed the following elemental and the moral and spiritual values needs: commensurate with the religious

1. The establishment and imviews of mankind and free societies.

provement of planning machinery in How these values find place in their the ministries schools of developing newly education. be may wire Write, or for phone Samsonite.

2. as race. as the Integration of important planspace educational There notWe're just know noboasting.We ning for challenge with be a here economic social needs. and may new can touchbody delivery us on it (be

3. educational missionary of teacher trainendeavor Development on chairone or 1,000). price, either. Or

at part of ing the levels as Christian the western the the elementary start ball theSo Write, rollingtoday—"starting countries. point."wire for or phone a r

f 4. Africa, especially, Priority urgent has an given must also becomplete catalog

of all styles of instisecondary education. need for teachers. Private, religious,

tutional furniture 5. Increased emphasis on rural and other school systems of the

and count on us to education, relating rural schools to western countries should not be do the rest. agricultural and rural crafts in order content to leave this task to the

Samsonite AllSteel to make rural life full and attractive. Peace Corps or UNESCO alone.

Folding Chair is the 6. Adult education programs. At the present time, the Depart-

"original"standard construction for in- 7. Begin research into the techment of Education of the UNESCO

stitutional seating. g niques of teaching languages, in the secretariat in Paris is assisting in renative teachers cruiting as well for Africa as other through languages;

Forpriceand delivery information, see your

Yellow Pages under to Africa clearinghouse. an "ChairsFolding"Currently, develop and teach a secor measures

write Bros., Institutional Shwayder Seating

in Africa Div., the clearinghouse issued language has usage. ond Dept. wide Detroit 29, Mich. ie 112

8. Organize in each country a an urgent call for ten teachers of

Samsonite study of systems of administration English, three teachers of general

ALLSTEEL FOLDING CHAIRS 782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RESERVE STRENGTH

48%O HIGHER Savings are safer!

By maintaining higher reserves,

STATE can provide an extra margin of safety. Reserves are 48% higher

than the national average and accounts are insured up to $10,000 by a permanent agency of the United

States Government.

NAT'L AVERAGE STATE

science, three teachers of geography, and three teachers of history for

Ethiopia.

The new nation of Gambia calls for thirty new primary schools, one secondary day school, five secondary boarding schools, one secondary boarding school for girls, and one secondary school for both boys and girls—indicating the beginnings of

an educational program for that new Earnings are higher!nation. No textbooks are produced

in the country at all. Twenty thousand textbooks have to be imported, State currently pays 4V2%. All

and all are to be printed in English. funds placed in your account by

Kenya, having the benefit of Britthe 10th earn from the 1st.

ish governance for a century, is able to list the following advanced goals for its citizens:

1. Primary education for all children.

2. Ten percent of all primary

school children to enter secondary grammar schools. INVESTMEf

3. Further advanced work for allwhose performance in examinations Wejustifies further education. INSURED

4. Teacher training facilities tomeet the needs of all its schools. andwingsLoan Association

Office: Main, Sail Lake City South 56 Home the estabannounced Kenya has

Clearfield State, 75 South of 1,351lishment new schools Streets, Hawaii Honolulu, Bishop in King & 196063 with an average enrolment of 144 pupils for each school. The

foregoing were primary schools. At

the high school or secondary school level during 196063, three boys'*- Salt a6e &ttf'& Tletuatt "Wotel schools, one girls'school and 6 are schoolsmixed to be established, TEMPLE HOTEL SQUARE average in each enrolmentwith an SHOPS and DINING MODERN COFFEE ROOMS school of 120 pupils. In addition to TELEVISION AIR CONDITIONED

the foregoing allday schools, nine RATES: SINGLES $6.00 up DOUBLES $8.00 up TWINS $10 00 up

secondary boarding schools for boys TELETYPE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED COLLECT SU 350 and six secondary boarding schools for girls, with an average enrolment of 120 each, are planned for 196063.

The difference between Gambia and Kenya illustrates the wide variety of problems confronting the Auxuny <U <WA (?64t

peoples of Africa.

West 75 CLARENCE L. WEST, Manager

Temple South PHONE City, Salt Lake Utah FREE DRIVE /NPAPK/NG EL 5-2961

NOVEMBER 1962 783.

Be TRIM, RELAXED, The publication of the American

Council on Education, Universities of the World Outside the U.S.A. (1950

capabilities indicates the edition), PHYSICALLY FIT in countries of the AsianAfrican in the This New, Vital "PushButton"Way! solving their own problems

educational field. Where there are

universities, future teachers may be trained. Without universities they

have to be imported from other nations maintaining universities. There

have been some developments since 1950, but the following data indicates the nature of the problem in that year:

Iran—two universities listed: Tabriz enrolled 149 students and Tehran

enrolled 4,962.

Iraq—three schools listed all in

Baghdad: AlSharfa College enrolled 101 men; the Faculty of

Commerce and Economics enrolled 369 men and 10 women; the Royal

Faculty of Medicine enrolled 472 men and 141 women.

Liberia—Liberia College in Monrovia enrolled 196.

Pakistan—Dacca University in

Ramna enrolled 910 men and 86 women; University of the Punjab

in Lahore enrolled through its affiliate colleges 57,304 students, of which 7,010 were women (functioning chiefly as an examining and affiliating university); the University of Sind in Karachi enrolled 8,000,

of which 1,000 were women (another affiliating and examining university )

India, Burma, Ceylon, Japan, Korea, China, Indochina, Indonesia,

Israel, Thailand, Singapore, and other nations experiencing strong

European or western influence have

You can feel better and look better in only 15 minutes a day... even after 35. infinitely more educational capacity.

For example, in South Korea in 1947

EXERCYCLE'S EXCLUSIVE ALLBODY ACTION there was a total enrolment of

Amazing motordriven Exercycle (the scientific development with ex21,811 students in 35 universities and clusive AllBody Action) brings into active play the same parts of your colleges. These institutions served

body you would use in swimming, rowing, cycling and horseback riding. an estimated 21,000,000 people. In

HOW TO STOP FEELING YOUR YEARS Thailand by 1950, four years of priThe total benefits you get from the AllBody Action of Exercycle are mary education were compulsory available in no other way. No routine, no other "health program,"no for all children, schooling being free.

other kind of equipment can do what Exercycle does. Thereafter, a student had a choice

of entering a vocational school or

Now, more than ever, you hold three years of secondary school

EXERCYCLE 2621612 Phone language, study of a foreign where

So. State St. Salt Lake City, Utah your future in your hands. 3607 English, usually was introduced.

Please send or obligaat once, without cost me There is only one genuine Thailand maintained Chulalongkorn tion, the Exercycle to FREE 36page PhyGuide

EXERCYCLE - your future sical Fitness, with full details in the Exercycle University in Bangkok, enroling way to keep trim and relaxed, with new reserves 1,115 men and 932 women; Kaesetcan't afford less. of energy. sart University in Bangkok, enrolMr. ing 260 men in agriculture and

Mrs forestry; the University of Medical

Miss (Please Print Plainly) Sciences in Bangkok, enroling 283

Address.... men and 475 women; and the UniCity Zone... State

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Livery pound of copper Kennecott produces in Utah is firmly tied to the production and sale of copper throughout the world.

Copper is a world commodity, sold in a world market, with COPPER the price established by world supply and demand.

Because neither Kennecott nor any other single producer can effectively establish a price for copper, operating costs TIES UTAH are vital to Kennecott's continued success. To sell copper,

profitably in the highly competitive world market, costs must be controlled. And they are controlled by a TO THE comprehensive program to increase efficiency in all Kennecott

operations in Utah.

Kennecott must sell its copper profitably at the price WORLD established by supply and demand in the world market.

Efficiency is the only means of achieving this. It keeps

Kenneccott a sound productive business that produces economic benefits for Utah.

Utah Copper

Division Kennecott Copper Corporation

NOVEMBER 1962 785 The Los Angeles Times and encesversify inof Bangkok,Moral andenrolingPolitical13,552.SciHow long will be required for the Now Washington Post less developed countries of Asia to

Los Angeles The Times and News Service catchIndia, upIsrael,with Southand theKorea,highlyThailand,devel- /A Washington Post oped universities of Japan? How

News Service much longer for the new nations and in Africa to catch up? Now... like Gambia

Will the values and cultural ideals

Associated Press of schools in these those taught be addition with the moral of Peace, the Prince A.P. Wirephoto A new

challenge to each individual, "Ye

Chicago Daily News to an already shall know the truth and the truth

Chicago Tribune shall make you free!"Or will misDistinguished sionaries from Moscow develop the

Dow Jones Business standards of dialectical materialism?

and Financial News Family of news sitiesA surveyof theof World,the directory,constitutesUniver-a

New York News unique tribute to Christian instituNew York Times Wire services tions and Christian idealism. Take

China, for example, whose present

Worldwide Reuters institutions much owe For worldwide educational the churches. Note to the Christian Press United

International News coverage daily namesand theirof thepastfollowinghistory, nowinstitutionsfallen to Red Chinese control:

and Sunday in F u k i e n Christian University, s?- founded in 1915 through the coop-

eration of the American Episcopal,

Methodist, and fihmne Congregationalist, M fak* of the United Reformed Church

States; Hwanan College, founded in 1905 by missionaries of the Woman's

Board of the Methodist Episcopal

in University, founded Jen Fu Wvlnutty Brunchcake! Church; entrusted the Holy See and 1925 by

to the American province of the

Catholic Church;

Bake it high, Kung Shang University, founded by French Jesuits in 1923;

higher, highest with Peiping Union Medical College,

Fleischmann's Yeast foundedMissionarybeforeSociety,1915thebyMedicalthe LondonMis- - it's extra active! sionary Association of London, and

American Board, Anglican, PresbyWALNUTTY BRUNCHCAKE (makes one 9-inch square) terian, and Methodist Episcopal Missugar cup cup warm 3A 3A sions; water National Hsiangya Medical ColV4 sugar cup (1 stick) 2 cup

Fleischmann's Margarine 1 teaspoon salt lege, founded in 1914 as a joint effort cups unsifted finely chopped 2Vi V2 cup of Chinese and the Yalein-China flour Planters Walnuts 1 teaspoon cinnamon legg Association;

(2 stick) Va cup 1 Fleischmann's package

Fleischmann's Margarine Huachung University, organized Active Yeast Dry colleges uniting three in 1924 by walnuts, cinnamargarine, cup sugar, 2 cup melted Mix 3A of Christian auspices the under in yeast pan. Dissolve 9"square Spread in a greased mon.

warm water. Add 14 cup sugar, salt, half the flour. Beat until missions;

smooth. Add egg and 4 cup softened margarine. Add rest of East China Union University of

rise let draftfree in place until doubled, about Cover; warm of UniSaint John's union from ago 4'flour, beating until smooth. Spoon into pan, spreading evenly. Shanghai, established many years at 2530 min. 375F., 1 hour. Bake College Christian versity, Hangchow /?P\

plate. or Serve, Invert rack warm. on University; Soochow and

Saint John's University, Shanghai, (Continued on page 791) ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA H*

specially ts> - appropriate

gifts for

Families

BOOKCRAFT

I YOU TA*-* TQ0 I CAN TEACH

1. The Upward Reach 2. Prophecy, Key to the 3. You Too Can Teach 4. Young Brigham Young Carpet

By Sterling W. Sill Future By Paul H. Dunn and By S. Dilworth Young By Ezra Taft Benson

Brilliant, enlightening By Duane S. Crowther Cherie B. Parker A fascinating portrayal of Why socialism is the royal

messages on wide variety Foretells the fate and A tremendously effective Brigham's youth. Full of road to communism—

of topics. Helpful to future of the world and teaching aid... especially rugged, outdoor adventure the dangers our nation

teachers, speakers, leadits inhabitants through for auxiliary and priestand woodlore. Beautifully faces from within. $3.50

ers. $3.50 ancient and modern hood teachers, parents illustrated. $2.00

revelation. $3.95 and bishops. $3.00

f/2.liOBiM mi l\M Mmm

110$0} '"!'''""

TI IF U

6. The House of the Lord'7. 2% Minute Talk 8. Just to Illustrate 9. Doctrinal Approach 10. Patterns For Living

By James E. Talmage Treasury By LeGrand Richards to the Book of Mormon By Mark E. Petersen

A classic reprint. A much By Dr. Lindsay R.Curtis Hundreds of powerful, By Glenn Pearson Vital, moving appeals for

sought after and much A remarkable collection faithpromoting, true reHere is a fresh new apbetter living. Inspires

quoted authoritative volof stimulating stories ligious experiences filled proach to understanding proper homelife, morality, ume on modern temple easily adapted to most with wit, wisdom and the Book of Mormon. happy parentto-child

ordinances. $3.50 any topic. Original, neverwonderful insight. $3.25 Questions and Answers relationship. $3.50

beforepublished vigneto doctrinal teachings.

ttes. Illustrated. $1.75 $1.75

NOVEMBER 1962 787 12. The Myth Makers

By Hugh Nibley A brilliant expose of the fraud and deceit contained in the charges levied against Joseph Smith by his enemies. $3.50

r

t ana—m-

16. Doctrine and Covenants 17. LDS Reference. Indians and Outlaws 15. Oliver Cowdery Encyclopedia Compendium

By Stanley R. Gunn By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry By Melvin R. Brooks By Albert R. Lyman

The intimate, fascinating, eventComplete explanation of each A must for missionaries, church Thrilling, true stories of famous ful life of the Second Elder of revelation, including historical leaders, teachers and students. men of the old West. Unbelievthe Church. Little known facts setting and background. EnOver 2000 religious subjects able stories of the settling of

revealed. $3.50 lightening. Authoritative. $5.95 completely and concisely exthe San Juan frontier. $2.95

plained. $5.00

If

DOCTWN

ALVATJN

t

21. Doctrines of Salvation

22. Vol. II

23. Vol. Ill

The sermons and writings of Joseph Fielding Smith as compiled by Bruce R. McConkie. A

complete foundation of gospel doctrine. $3.50 each

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By Emma Marr Petersen 34. About Prayer $1.50

35. About Baptism $1.50

36. Book of Mormon Stories for

Young Latterday Saints. $3. 25

37. Bible Stories for Young Latterday Saints $3.25

38. Story of our Church for Young

Latterday Saints $3.25

NOVEMBER 1962 789 f i 47. The Set of 48. To Love and the Sail to Cherish DOLLAR BOOKS

By Emma Marr By Emma Marr 1 Petersen Petersen 49. Thoughts for Talks

A romantic and %0V8 A touching and i By Albert L Zobell, Jr.

intriguing story moving account of 4 50. Treasured Stories 1 heartbreak a boy the about Lucy Gertsch Thomson By sorrow f sister and and his

I Believe 51. Why

traveling in the caused when the By George Edward Clark wrong crowd. sacred ties of

of Thought marriage are 52. Golden Nuggets Teaches a strong 9rW4p> Marie r By Ezra

flaunted. moral.

$2.25 $2.00 53. Treasures Unearthed

1 By Ora Pate Stewart if\

Clip Handy Coupon Order Form Bookcraft 1162 1186 South IV! am St., Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books fo which 1 en close check or money order for $

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53

City Zone.State

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ( Continued from page 786) founded 1897 by the Episcopal Church and incorporated in the District of Columbia, 1906;

Aurora University, Shanghai, founded in 1903 by the Jesuit Fathers of the Catholic Church;

University of Nanking, founded in 1888 by the Methodists;

University of Shanghai, founded in 1906 as the Shanghai Baptist

College; Women's Christian Medical College, Shanghai, founded in 1924 by representatives of the American

Baptist Foreign Mission Society and others; And so on through a long, long list.

Under the impact of Japanese occupation of China since 1967, followed by World War II, then the communist revolution, these institutions have passed to other control.

There may be lessons in this loss to missionary boards and churches who may be considering educational work in Africa at this time. Among such

lessons it may be hoped that students of the past Christian colleges in

China will never forget their obligation to rebuild the kind of society which honors Christian tolerance, freedom, and the pursuit of truth.

For the new ones in Africa and Asia which may be built, or which are now operating, it may be hoped that graduates will fully understand their political responsibility to maintain the bastions of the state from political inroads destructive of these ends.

WINTER FASHION SHOW

BY FRANCES GORMAN RISSER

The cedar tree's green ruffles

Are trimmed with ermine bands;

A myriad of rhinestones Gleam on her graceful hands.

The holly's bouffant satin Has zigzag, crisscross rows Of tiny crimson buttons, Securing lacy bows.

The maple, thin and stylish In silver sheath, looks down Her bony nose at buttons And fur bands running 'round.

"Dame Cedar and Miss Holly,"She says, "both overdress;

Now my one jewel's authentic—

This antique robins nest!"

NOVEMBER 1962 791...THANK YOU

Mr. and Mrs. Mountain America Listener.

Thank you for your confidence in our history as Mountain America's Pioneer Radio Station,

in our integrity, and for your faith in our programming policy.

In a recent survey conducted in the Northern Utah area, the following question was asked,

with the results as indicated:

"IF YOU HEARD A NEW PRODUCT RECOMMENDED OR ADVERTISED ON ONE OF THE FOLLOWING STATIONS, WHICH STATION

WOULD INFLUENCE YOU MOST TO TRY THIS PRODUCT?"

KSL

Radio 41.1%

AN AMAZING TRIBUTE OF

LISTENER CONFIDENCE IN A RADIO STATION, UNIQUE IN THE ANNALS OF BROADCASTING

EIGHT OTHER RADIO STATIONS

TOTALED 38.1% IN RESPONSE

r TT TO THIS QUESTION - VS KSLRADIO'S41.l%

SALT LAKE CITY AREA COMPRISING COUNTIES of

SALT LAKE, WEBER, UTAH, CACHE, DAVIS, BOX

ELDER, TOOELE, SUMMIT, WASATCH, MORGAN

MARCH 1923, 1962

STATION STATION STATION

A B STATION STATION STAT.0N N STATION H 4.2% 4.9% D ST7 4.5% 6 -8% 3.2% 6.1% 5.8% H

Yes, thank you from

50,000 watts clear channel Member Blair Group Plan Worn <s

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA From Montreal Branch, Quebec, Canada were talent show Charleston performers

Pearl Fatter, left, and Elsie Prior.

President George Romney, Detroit Stake, addresses the priesthood bearers during the Sunday morning session.

Zion's youth lineup (right) awaiting turn at microphone during youth conference testimony meeting.

President Henry D. Moyle addresses

congregation at final session. Conference

theme was "You and Your Potential."

YOUTH CONFERENCE

BY REED H. BLAKE, editorial associate

One of the largest gatherings of its kind in the Church east of the Mississippi

River: the youth of six stakes (Detroit,

Lansing, Fort Wayne, Columbus, Cleveland, Toronto) and two missions (Great

Lakes, Canadian) met in a unifying threeday spiritualrecreational program.

Place: Michigan State University, East

Lansing. Attending: President Henry

D. Moyle of the First Presidency; Elder

Gordon B. Hinckley, Council of the

Twelve; Margaret R. Jackson, first counselor in the YWMIA general presidency;

stake and mission leaders; and 1,021 of

Zion's youth.

First conceived by Detroit Stake president George W. Romney, the interstake activity was under the direction of

Richard Cook, Detroit Stake YMMIA superintendent, and Ruth Tolman, Detroit Stake YWMIA president, and covered a radius of six hundred miles in the United States and Canada.

Time was spent in workshops, panels, sports activities, dancing, talent show, testimony meeting, priesthood meeting, girls'meeting, and general conference meetings, hearing addresses by the visiting authorities and stake and mission leaders.

NOVEMBER 1962 793 flffffflflfl o o [kkkki

What we have of the words of Jesus the carelessness. Neighbors helped her find

Christ is so little that we can put them it, and there was great rejoicing.

into a vestpocket edition. Yet, John And then reread that immortal partells us that if all he said and all he did able, the Prodigal Son, with all that it

were written, the world itself could implies, particularly how the boy threw scarcely contain the volumes. In comaway his fortune, spent it in riotous livparison to that, think how little we have; ing, and found himself eating husks with

yet, no being has ever been on the earth the hogs.

who has wielded a thousandth part of Christ, our leader, has told us what the influence that this Man of Galilee our mission is. It is to preach the everwields throughout the world. Nearly lasting gospel to men of goodwill everytwo thousand years have gone, and towhere; and to care for the members of

day he is acknowledged as the one the Church as a tender shepherd.

peerless person among mankind. In June 1829, the summer before the

Members of The Church of Jesus Church was organized, this was revealed

Christ are under obligation to make the to the Prophet Joseph Smith:

sinless Son of Man their ideal—the one "And if it so be that you should labor

perfect Being who ever walked the earth. all your days in crying repentance unto

Sublimest example of nobility. this people, and bring, save it be one

Godlike in nature. soul unto me, how great shall be your

Perfect in his love. joy with him in the kingdom of my

Our Elder Brother. Father!"(D&C 18:15.)

Our Redeemer. That is a part of our commission. That

Our Savior. is a part of our reward.

The Son of our Eternal Father. What a wonderful Church! What an

The Light, the Life, the Way. opportunity the Church gives in this

Keep in mind, always, that our leader seeking out of others, especially those is Jesus Christ, our Lord. If we can hold already members of the Church, alfast to that thought, and rely upon him though we also invite our nonmember

as he has asked us to rely upon him, go neighbors to participate with us.

to him in trouble, whether in business, The quorums of the priesthood are in school, in courtship, or in the home, creating activity for priesthood brethren.

we shall be successful. Here the priesthood leadership have

What has he said about our church been divinely commissioned to sit in activity, and seeking those who are not counsel with the quorum members and in the place that they should be during to teach them their duty.

our activities? Go to Luke and read his The Church is thoroughly organized.

parables, the one of the Lost Sheep, There is the stamp of divinity in it. But

where he left the ninety and nine and what about the purpose of it all? What

went out for the one that was lost, and does Christ say about that?

how happy the shepherd was when he "And this is life eternal, that they found that lost lamb. In the same chapmight know thee the only true God, and

ter read about the Lost Coin, where the Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent."

woman lost the coin, probably through (John 17:3.) Life eternal! What is

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

sweeter? What is more precious? You But it is more specifically answered by

students who like science, read and try Christ's chief apostle on the day of to find out from scientific men what life Pentecost, when three thousand people To is. They cannot tell you. They see its were pricked in their hearts, and they

effects. They see it manifest in life all cried out, "Men and brethren, what

around us. They see it everywhere. shall we do?"Peter said, "Repent, and Its great manifestation is in the chilbe baptized every one of you in the Know

dren of men—offspring of Deity—and name of Jesus Christ for the remission

you have an opportunity to live forever. of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Life eternal is to know God and Jesus the Holy Ghost.

Christ whom the Father has sent. How "For the promise is unto you, and to

may we know God? A lawyer one day your children, and to all that are afar off, Christasked Jesus: "Master, what shall I do to even as many as the Lord our God

inherit eternal life?"And the Savior, shall call."(Acts 2:3739.)

THE EDITOR'S PAGEknowing why the lawyer had asked the Later, the same chief apostle, speaking BY PRESIDENT question, wisely put him on the defensive about this repentance, baptism, how the DAVID O. MCKAY

by asking him the question, "What is priesthood had come to them, and how written in the law? how readest thou?"they had become "partakers of the divine

The lawyer answered, "Thou shalt love nature,"added specific virtues. If ever

the Lord thy God with all thy heart, you can get to that point, you will know and with all thy soul, and with all thy that Jesus is the Christ and this is the strength, and with all thy mind; and thy work of God.

neighbour as thyself."And the Savior Then Peter added something else;

said, "Thou hast answered right: this do, "And beside this, giving all diligence,

and thou shalt live."( See Luke 10:2528. add to your faith virtue; and to virtue

On another occasion the Savior told a knowledge;

group how they might know. He said, "And to knowledge temperance; and

"My doctrine is not mine, but his that to temperance patience; and to patience

sent me."godliness;

O children of men, listen to this, if "And to godliness brotherly kindness;

you would know God and Jesus Christ and to brotherly kindness charity.

whom he has sent: "My doctrine is not "For if these things be in you, and

mine, but his that sent me. abound, they make you that ye shall

"If any man will do his will, he shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the know of the doctrine, whether it be of knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ."

God, or whether I speak of myself."(2 Peter 1:5-8.)

(John 7: 1617.) Every one of us may know that truth—

But then arises the question, "What is the knowledge of Jesus Christ—and live

his will?"It is already answered by that eternally. And do not worry what your

lawyer who said, "Thou shalt love the daily task is—you can always keep in

Lord thy God with all thy heart, and mind that your Savior is leading you, and with all thy soul, and with all thy you can always ask yourself, "In what strength, and with all thy mind; and I am doing today, can I speak to him

thy neighbour as thyself."(Luke 10:27.) and ask his aid?"

NOVEMBER 1962 795 is coming, tion bearing witness is, or should be, beyond dispute.| "Verily, verily, I say unto you, The hour

and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of It is the duty and privilege of every member of the the Son of God: and they that hear shall live. Church to have a divine testimony of this great

"For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he truth. We know, for the witness is before us in

given to the Son to have life in himself; definite and positive testimony from the Prophet

"And hath given him authority to execute judgJoseph Smith, Oliver Cowdery, and others, who in ment also, because he is the Son of man. this dispensation have stood in the divine presence

"Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the of the Son of God! It is, moreover, the duty of every

which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice, faithful member of the Church to know for himself "And shall come forth; they that have done good, through the power of the Holy Ghost which is given

unto the resurrection of life; and they that have him that Jesus lives, that he died and is alive again

done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation."clothed with glory and majesty and that he rules

(John 5:2529.) with his Father in the heavens.

The resurrection must be just as universal as was We also know, because the Lord has revealed it, the fall. Therefore it embraces everything on the that through the love of our Redeemer not only those

earth and the earth itself, for the earth partook of who believe in him and keep his commandments shall the changed condition after the transgression of come forth from the grave, but this great blessing has

Adam and Eve. Not only was the earth changed, but been bestowed on all, not only the righteous, but that

the same condition of mortality also came upon every it will come to every living creature also. Justice

living creature. Therefore there must be a restoration demands that there shall be this universal restoration.

not only of Adam and Eve and their posterity, but Jacob, brother of Nephi, has declared this great truth also of the earth itself and all living creatures on by the spirit of revelation in the following words:

its face. "For as dath hath passed upon all men, to fulfil

We have received witnesses of the fulfilment in part the merciful plan of the great Creator, there must at least of the predictions made by Jesus to his needs be a power of resurrection, and the resurrection disciples in relation to the restoration of all things. must needs come unto man by reason of the fall; and

At the time of the coming forth of Jesus from the the fall came by reason of transgression; and because

tomb, there followed a resurrection, and Matthew man became fallen they were cut off from the presence speaking of this has written: of the Lord.

"And the graves were opened; and many bodies "Wherefore, it must needs be an infinite atoneof the saints which slept arose, ment—save it should be an infinite atonement this

"And came out of the graves after his resurrection, corruption could not put on incorruption. Wherefore,

and went into the holy city, and appeared unto many."the first judgment which came upon man must needs

(Matt. 27:5253.) have remained to an endless duration. And if so,

Why should any person doubt the truth of the this flesh must have laid down to rot and to crumble universal resurrection? That our Savior lived, that to its mother earth, to rise no more."(2 Nephi 9:6-7.)

he died on the cross and arose on the third day is We therefore have the assurance that the resurrecattested by divine witnesses. The writings of tion shall reach out and embrace every creature,

Matthew, John, and Peter in relation to the resurreceven the earth itself. For this earth must be cleansed

BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE "...all that are in their graves sha

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA from all unrighteousness and be crowned with glory and eternal life. To the Prophet Joseph Smith the

Lord gave this glorious revelation:

"And again, verily, verily, I say unto you that when the thousand years are ended, and men again begin to deny their God, then will I spare the earth but for a little season;

"And the end shall come, and the heaven and the earth shall be consumed and pass away, and there shall be a new heaven and a new earth.

"For all old things shall pass away, and all things shall become new, even the heaven and the earth, and all the fulness thereof, both men and beasts, the fowls of the air, and the fishes of the sea; jg*

"And not one hair, neither mote, shall be lost, for it is the workmanship of mine hand.

"But, behold, verily I say unto you, before the earth shall pass away, Michael, mine archangel, shall sound his trump, and then shall all the dead awake, for their graves shall be opened, and they shall come forth—yea, even all.

"And the righteous shall be gathered on my right hand unto eternal life; and the wicked on my left

hand will I be ashamed to own before the Father;

"Wherefore I will say unto them—Depart from me,

ye cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared for the devil and his angels.

"And now, behold, I say unto you, never at any time have I declared from mine own mouth that they should return, for where I am they cannot come, for they have no power.

"But remember that all my judgments are not given unto men; and as the words have gone forth out of

my mouth even so shall they be fulfilled, that the first shall be last, and that the last shall be first in all /::::'.:::::. =

things whatsoever I have created by the word of my power, which is the power of my Spirit."(D&C

29:2230.)

the painting From to "Christ's Peter 11 Charge by Peter Paul Rubens.

r>r> II hear his voice

NOVEMBER 1962 797 Who is this Savior, this man that we worship? We rather localize

him and think of him as more or less belonging to us, that he is our

Savior and perhaps not very widely known.

I want to read you just a few words to begin with. I am going

to read from the book of Moses, from the first chapter, and I am going to begin with the 32nd verse. The speaker declared he was

the "Lord God Almighty, and Endless is my name;...

"And by the word of my power, have I created them,..."

He was showing Moses, as they stood and conversed "face to is face,""Andthe bycreationthe wordwhichof themy Fatherpower havehad made.I created them, which is Who

mine Only Begotten Son, who is full of grace and truth.

"And worlds without number have I created; and I also created our

them for mine own purpose; and by the Son I created them, which

is mine Only Begotten....

"... For behold, there are many worlds that have passed away

by the word of my power [which is his Only Begotten Son]. And

there are many that now stand, and innumerable are they unto man;

but all things are numbered unto me, for they are mine and I know them.... "I am "And the Lord God spake unto Moses, saying: The heavens,

the way, the theyare numberedare many,untoand me,theyforcannotthey beare numberedmine. unto man; but they

"And as one earth shall pass away, and the heavens thereof even so shall another come; and there is no end to my works, neither light and to my words."(Moses 1:3, 3233, 35, 3738.)

the truth"trial, Itthatwascamenot adownnovice,in notthe anbeginningamateur,afternot thea Beinggreatmakingcouncila withfirst other Gods and searched out and found the place where there was "space"(for so the record tells us in Abraham) and taking of the materials which they found in this "space"they made this world.

EXCERPTS FROM A TAPE RECORDING OF I want to suggest two or three things to you. I hope I will not

AN EXTEMPORANEOUS TALK BY PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. confuse you too much. But we in this galaxy—and the heavens

which we see are the galaxy to which we belong—we from this point

where we stand or float, can see one billion light years all around us.

IN DELIVERED TWENTIETH THE SOUTH is the distance which light, traveling at the rate of

CITY, 28, A light year SALT LAKE WARD, DECEMBER 1958, PRIOR TO PRESIDENT CLARK'S DEATH 186,000 miles a second, will travel in one year. The astronomers tell

OCTOBER 6, 1961, HE HAD GIVEN PERMISSION TO THE ERA TO CONSIDER THE us that we now can peer out into space one billion light years,

MATERIAL FOR PUBLICATION. PRESIDENT

CLARK. A MEMBER OF THE FIRST PRESIwe in the center.

DENCY FROM 1933 TO THE TIME OF HIS

PASSING, WAS A DEVOTED STUDENT OF Where we are moving, how we are moving, how rapidly we

THE SAVIOR AND THE AUTHOR OF TWO MAJOR BOOKS AND MANY MINOR WRITINGS ON go, we do not know. As you look into the heavens, you do not see

THE SAVIOR, HIS LIFE, AND HIS MISSION.

IN THE INTRODUCTION TO THE TALK, the heavens as they are today. You see them as they were the number

SAID, PRESIDENT CLARK "APPROACHING

THIS YEAR OF THE SEASON.., SOME of light years ago when the light therefrom began to come from

HAVE INTO COME THOUGHTS MY MIND

TO ME. LIKE them to us. If it is a hundred million light years away, it was a THAT ARE NEW AND I WOULD

TO SHARE OF THEM WITH YOU."SOME

PLEASED ERA IS THESE hundred million years ago. THE TO SHARE

THOUGHTS WITH THE ENTIRE CHURCH. It is said that there are one hundred million galaxies within this

radius that are the same as ours. They say that this galaxy in which

we float and have our existence is one hundred thousand light years in diameter. They say that it is shaped lenticular, as if two glass watch

crystals were put together, ten thousand light years through the thickest part, and I repeat, a hundred thousand light years in diameter.

Astronomers now yield what they did not formerly yield, that there may have been many, and probably were, many worlds like ours. Some say there were in this galaxy perhaps from its beginning,

one million worlds like unto this one.

"Worlds without number have I created,"through "mine Only

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Begotten Son."

And if you think of this galaxy of ours having within it from the beginning perhaps until now, one million worlds, and multiply that by the number of millions of galaxies, one hundred million galaxies that surround us, you will then get some view of who this Man we worship is.

Jesus Christ is a member of the

Godhead—the Father, the Son, and

the Holy Ghost. He participated in

the great council of heaven which decided that they should build a world—a world to which we might

come as mortal beings and work out our salvation.

You remember the night before he was born, he appeared on this continent to Nephi, Nephi who was greatly troubled because those hostile to a belief in the Christ were threatening extermination; in order to quiet

Nephi and give him hope, he said to

Nephi: "... on the morrow come I

into the world,..."(3 Nephi 1:13.)

And when the morning came, the next day, there was in Palestine a couple, Joseph and Mary. They lived

in Nazareth. They had traveled,

evidently, from Nazareth to Bethlehem in order to pay a tax that had been decreed by the Roman emperor.

That was the ostensible purpose. She,

heavy with child, traveled all that distance, perhaps on muleback, guarded and protected as one about to give birth to a halfDeity. No

other man in the history of this world of ours has ever had such an ancestryGod the Father on the one hand and

Mary the Virgin on the other.

When they reached Bethlehem, they could get no place, you remember, in the inn. Everything was

taken. So they were forced to go

into a stable, and the newborn Infant, fresh from the throne of God, had to be laid in a manger, "descending below all things that he might rise above all things."I have great sympathy

for poor Joseph. He was the husband

of Mary, but not the father of the Son she was to bear.

I am not going to try to go through the life of the Savior except in a

NOVEMBER 1962 799 most casual way. Here he was, in a stable

in Bethlehem, in a manger. You remember the

story of the Wise Men. We do not know

just where they came from. We do not

know how many there were. It has been assumed

there were three, because the gifts were spoken of as gold, frankincense, and myrrh. You remember how they came to Herod and inquired about

it, how Herod sent them out to locate the new king of the Jews and bring word back to him that he might go and worship, so he said; but true to

his nature he was lying when he said it, for he intended to send back to Bethlehem and kill all the infants that he might be sure to kill this king. You know the story. The Wise Men,

warned in a dream, did not return.

Herod, 'true to his intent, did kill the infants in Bethlehem. But warned of their danger,

Joseph and Mary fled with the newborn King to Egypt. But from that time until the final

scene, the Jews—some among them—sought constantly to kill him.

Christ came into a chaotic condition. Palestine

was not a place of peace and love and brotherhood. It was the habitation of some of the most

terrible passions that were loose in the world at that time. They were the constant companions

of those who were around the Savior.

You remember his trip when he was twelve years old, when he apparently first indicated, at least, so far as Mary understood, who he was—

where, after three days of search, they finally found him talking to the learned men of the nation, and she reprovingly said to him: "Thy

father and I..."(she meaning Joseph, which

indicated that in the household of Joseph and

Mary, he was true to his relationship, presumed, to Joseph and to Mary)... She said to him,

"... thy father and I have sought thee

sorrowing."And he replied in that great disclosure, "... wist ye not that I must be about

my Father's business?"(Luke 2:4849.)

But he went back to Nazareth and dwelt with them, a carpenter, a carpenter's son, until he took on his mission. Thereafter, when they

found him doing wonderful things and displaying wonderful information and great knowledge, they said, "Is not this the carpenter's son?... Is

not this the carpenter?"(See Matt. 13:45.) He

lived in a lowly home, the only man born to this earth halfdivine and halfmortal. He

dwelt among the most lowly, taught among them, did his works among them.

He went on through life, I repeat, followed day by day by enmity that would have exterminated him, but escaping all because of the

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA great mission which he had to perform.

I can understand, in a way at least, the difficulty which the Jews had. They

recognized in his miracles the same sort of miracles that had been done by their prophets all down through their history. He violated the laws of gravity by walking on the water;

Elisha had caused an iron ax to float on the water. He raised them from the dead; so

had Elisha of old. He fed them the loaves and the fishes; and so had the Prophet

Elijah fed a hundred with little and supplied the widow with oil. They had seen all

of these great principles manifested, they knew them, and they had hard work recognizing that there was something way and beyond that in Jesus.

He began very early in his mission to indicate who he was. As he went north after

the first Passover, he saw Nicodemus, and to Nicodemus he indicated that he was the

Christ. Nicodemus did not understand.

He journeyed to the north until he came to Samaria, and there he stopped at Jacob's

Well and saw the woman of Samaria. He told her who he was. The Samaritans were

hated by the Jews, and the Jews were hated by the Samaritans, and this, I think, was the first time he indicated in his mission that he came for all men and not for the chosen tribes alone. Thereafter from time to time he indicated that he was the Messiah.

On one occasion when he was attending the Feast of the Tabernacles in the temple at Jerusalem, he was being twitted regarding his ancestry. They were talking about

their ancestry; they were the children of Abraham! There came a point in their discussion where they said, he having stated he knew Abraham, "Thou art not yet fifty years

old, and hast thou seen Abraham?"And his reply to them was: "Before Abraham was,

I am."(John 9:58.) So he declared his Messiahship.

And so down through his course of life, he went day after day, proclaiming his truths!

Our Lord had a great mission to perform. He had to break down, to fulfil, as he

told us, the Law of Moses. If you want to know how far he had to go from the laws

which had been given to ancient Israel, read the Sermon on the Mount, read the Sermon on the Plain, read the sermon at the second Passover, and see how he had to drive and drive for the new law.

One illustration, he said:

"Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery:

"But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart."(Matt. 5:2728.) That was the new law.

And so with thousands of other things. Those documents to which I referred, and

a few others, are the greatest revolutionary documents in the whole history of the world.

They mark the turning away from; the fulfilment of, the Mosaic Law and the introduction and operation of the law of the gospel he restored.

Finally, at the last trial, having been before Annas he was taken to Caiaphas, the fatherin-law of Annas—Caiaphas was the high priest installed by the Roman government;

Annas was the man who, under the Law of Moses, should have been the high priest.

At the trial before Caiaphas and the Sanhedrin, Caiaphas said: "I adjure thee by the

living God, that thou tell us whether thou be the Christ, the Son of God."(Matt. 26:63.)

And Mark records that he said unto him, "I am."(Mark 14:62.)

But they took him the next day and tried him before Pilate. Poor Pilate, torn because

of his belief in the innocence of this man, sought to release him, but without avail.

They insisted on the death of the Christ. And so he was finally condemned and turned

over to them.

Then he was taken out on Calvary—and he, a God, one of the Holy Trinity, was

crucified on a false charge of treason like a common criminal, between two common thieves.

Resurrected on the morning of the third day, seen by many, he lingered here for forty days as if loath to leave those among whom he had worked so long. Then, and even

before then, he went back to the Holy Trinity, resumed his seat alongside the Father, sat again a member of the Godhead.

That is the man we worship. That is the man who gave us the law that will enable

us to fill our destiny declared from the very beginning. That is the man who sacrificed

himself. "Behold the Lamb of God,"it was declared (Continued on page 850)

NOVEMBER 1962 801. How Anne Sullivan Macy met Helen Keller..

THOSE ARRAYED IN WHITE

BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES

An excellent play on Broadway recently made into a movie was titled,

The Miracle Worker. It is the story of a great woman who literally unloosed

the soul of an even greater woman by giving her a voice, an ear, and to a degree, sight.

Anne Sullivan Macy, of whom Helen Keller said, "All I have done, I have done through her,"was once practically blind herself. She was an orphan

in a poorhouse in Tewksbury, Massachusetts, where she and her small brother had been placed when their mother died.

A blue film almost covered her eyes, and always there were figures dancing in front of them, which made it difficult for her to walk about, to carry trays and medicine to the older and sicker patients in the pitiful house. Reading was impossible.

Only a little girl of ten, with a child's naturally happy heart, she didn't quite understand when she heard people say that it was a sin such children should be born, becoming just another mouth for somebody to feed.

She wanted to learn, she wanted to be able to feed herself, and if possible, others less fortunate. She didn't want to be "just another mouth to feed."

One old woman comforted her, saying, "Another mouth means another soul. Show them that your soul is big, and they will forget the

blindness of your eyes."What these brave words from one confined

to loneliness until the end must have meant to the girl we can only guess.

The woman also told her that she had heard that the superintendent had mentioned that there was going to be a school for the blind in Boston.

Annie thought constantly of this and hoped for the time that she could ask Father Duvall if she might attend. But, before she had the opportunity,

Father Duvall had been replaced by Father Barbara.

Annie was disappointed when she learned this. Yet, the new Father Barbara

was the one who looked at her, spoke gently to her, and finally arranged to have her eyes operated upon. Though the operation did not restore her

sight, it did stop the constant jumping lights before her eyes. She still

had the blue film in front of them which prevented her from seeing anything except forms and objects.

Later, the good man arranged for two more operations for her at the city infirmary. When neither of these helped, she was returned to Tewksbury,

still no more than a child, and with no one to have seen her through the dismal hospitalization, read to her, comfort her; no one to help her

now through the time of discouragement when she practically gave up hope of ever being able to see. But now, instead of accepting circumstances,

she put her hopes again on the school where the blind could be taught to see with their fingers, to read Braille.

One day the superintendent, Mr. Stacy, came in to tell them that the

supervisor of the county poor was coming, and how they should act. Annie

found his coat sleeve, took hold of it and said, (Continued on page 851)

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:>;:.. --.-.

i

;r': 'V gjj

mSsJ*r\ *.MA-

M f.v

i W 'w 4

1 > '4; *

H

"Help me! Let me go to school!"

NOVEMBER 1962 803 "Our society today bears all the marks of a Godstarved community. There is little real moral authority because

no ultimate Authority is known or acknowledged. Since

there is no accepted standard of values beyond the purely material, the false god of success, the lure of glamorized sex, the love of money, and the 'rat race'of business or social competition hold almost undisputed sway in the lives of many people."

Such is the appraisal made by J. B. Phillips in his book,

God, Our Contemporary. "The whole situation,"he concludes, "cries out for the restoration of a real religious faith."

For want of such a faith great civilizations of the past have perished, and our present civilization now stands in grave peril. For notwithstanding the unprecedented material blessings we enjoy, our world is languishing in

spiritual poverty.

Mr. Phillips'thesis that "the whole situation cries out for

the restoration of a real religious faith"finds a responsive echo in the souls of countless people of good will. His

proposed remedy, however, and the recognition of its truth, commendatory as they are, are not selfexecuting and will not of themselves solve the problem. The only

way to solve it is to replace man's carnal appetite and desires with spiritual values and objectives. This substituJESUS THE CHRIST tion can only be made by according to the Lord Jesus Christ

A Study of the Messiah and His Mission his rightful place in the thoughts and hearts of men. To

Scriptures to Holy according both accomplish this, men must recognize and fully appreciate

Ancient and Modern him as "the way, the truth, and the life."Their actions

must evidence that they understand and are acting upon the principle that "no man cometh unto the Father but By TALMAGE by"him. He must become the center of men's interest—the JAMES E.

One of Jesusthe TwelveChris! ofApostlesLatterdayof theSaintsChurch of compass and lodestar in all that they do. In no other way

can men develop within themselves a "real religious faith"powerful enough to work a regeneration which will substitute spiritual objectives for carnal desires.

PUBLISHED BY THE CHURCH It should also be noted that this acceptance of Jesus for what he in fact is, is not only necessary to one's spiritual salvation, but is indispensable to temporal salvation for

SillTheLikeDeierel19ISCiir.New.U'sb men and nations alike.

Concerning America, the Lord has spoken specifically.

The principles enunciated in what he has said with respect to her are applicable to all lands. His declarations prescribe the universal course to peace of mind, political freedom, and civil liberty. Moroni expressed it thus:

"And now, we can behold the decrees of God concerning this land,... and whatsoever nation shall possess it shall

serve God, or they shall be swept off when the fulness of his wrath shall come upon them. And the fulness

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of his wrath cometh upon them when they are of Latterday Saints, which the Lord had said was ripened in iniquity.... "... the only true and living church upon the face

"Behold, this is a choice land, and whatsoever nation of the whole earth, with which I, the Lord, am well shall possess it shall be free from bondage, and from pleased,..."(D&C 1:30.) He had received the

captivity, and from all other nations under heaven, priesthood of God and all its saving ordinances. So

if they will but serve the God of the land, who is complete was his dedication that the Lord had called

Jesus Christ,..."(Ether 2:9, 12.) him to be an apostle—a special witness of Jesus Christ

Before people can accept and serve Jesus as the to all the world.

"God of the land,"they must learn about him and his Further, he "entered upon his welcome service"of commandments and obtain a witness to his divinity. writing the volume "under request and appointment

It is therefore obvious that nothing could be more from the presiding authorities of the Church;..."

appropriate for Melchizedek Priesthood bearers to (Preface to Jesus the Christ.) He wrote it in the

study than the record of his life. Salt Lake Temple, "The House of the Lord."

All these circumstances combined to give him the

For this reason, our text for the study most important qualification he possessed—namely,

course of the Melchizedek Priesthood quothe companionship and guidance of the Holy Spirit.

No one had a clearer conception than did he of man's rums during 1963 and 1964is to be Dr. inability, without the guidance of that Spirit, to porJames E. Talmage's book, Jesus the Christ. tray correctly the life and mission of the world's

Redeemer. He knew and followed the Lord's admoIt is hoped that this article will assist in stimulating nition, "Remember that that which cometh from above

an interest in the reading and studying of this text. is sacred, and must be spoken with care, and by

The object of the course is obviously to develop in constraint of the Spirit;..."(D&C 63:64), and "...

each and every quorum member a knowledge of and if ye receive not the Spirit ye shall not teach."

a moving faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. Such faith (Ibid., 42:14.)

has always been, is now, and will continue to be, With respect to the importance of the guidance of the most urgent need of every person. He who has the Spirit when considering sacred things, it is most

it is at peace within himself not only, but also with interesting to note the changing attitude of modern

God and with his fellow men. He is so fortified that biblical scholars.

he can and does endure the trials, tribulations, and "The doctrine of inspiration continues to be in many strife of this life without despair. He is constantly ways the critical issue underlying all other issues in

sustained by an unshakeable assurance that he has the Church today.... The Bible makes it plain that

found the way of life which is eternal. the work of the Holy Spirit does not cease....

Dr. Talmage was peculiarly qualified to write a "... since the works are written in the Spirit, they

treatise on the life of Jesus. His attainments testify must also be read in the Spirit if they are to accomplish

to this. He was a scholar of international repute. He their primary function.... In other words, the minds

was an accomplished writer, already acknowledged and hearts of the readers must be enlightened by the as an authority in many fields. same Spirit by whom the writings themselves were

Among the religious books he had written were The inspired."(G. W. Bromiley, Christianity Today, Nov.

Great Apostasy, The House of the Lord, The Story 23, 1959, pp. 138-9.)

and Philosophy of Mormonism, and The Articles of Anyone who reads Jesus the Christ under the influFaith, which has few if any peers in its field. ence of the Spirit will be convinced that the author

He was a mature and righteous man; he revered was inspired in his understanding of the sacred recJesus as the literal son of God, the Redeemer of manords concerning the life and mission of Jesus, and

kind and of the world. This reverence he had demonthat he wrote his treatise by the same inspiration.

strated by obedience to all his commandments. He Not only was the writing of the book undertaken

had entered, through the initiatory principles and upon "request and appointment from the presiding ordinances of the gospel, The Church of Jesus Christ authorities of the (Continued on page 866)

NOVEMBEB 1962 805 Probably no subject has been the basis for so many questions from so many people which have been put to me and to other members of my father's family over the years as that of Father's writing of the book, Jesus the Christ.

I therefore particularly welcome the invitation of The Improvement Era to treat the matter in print. I hope this

discussion will prove interesting to readers of the Era, and I hope also thatAN ASSIGNMENT: it may dispel some of the unfounded

myths which appear to have grown up concerning the writing of this book.

Fortunately, many points can be estabITS lished beyond question by referring to the author's own comments. Father

kept a personal journal from the time he FULFILMENT was a boy in England almost to the day

How the book, Jesus the Christ, was written of his death; and while he was not given

BY JOHN R. TALMAGE, son of james e. talmage to prolonged discussions in his private

journal, he carefully recorded all important events in his life, and especially those relating to his church duties and activities.

Under date of September 14, 1914, the private journal of James E. Talmage contains the following entry:

"During the school periods 19041905 and 19051906, I delivered a series of lectures entitled 'Jesus the Christ,'under the auspices of the University Sunday

School. The sessions were held during

Sunday forenoons in Barratt Hall. I

received written appointment from the

First Presidency to embody the lectures in a book to be published for the use of the Church in general. Work on this

appointment has been suspended from time to time owing to other duties being imposed on me. Lately, however, I have

been asked to prepare the matter for the book with as little delay as possible.

Experience demonstrated that neither in my comfortable office nor in the convenient study room at home can I be free from visits and telephone calls. In

consequence of this condition, and in view of the importance of the work, Two pages from the penciled manuscript of Dr. James E. Talmage's "Jesus the Christ."I have been directed to occupy a room

It in written longhand was in one rooms of the of in the Temple, where I will be free from the Salt Temple, a place Lake the author which had selected because it was free from the disturbinterruption. I began the work in the

ances he found elsewhere. Temple today and hope that I shall

be able to devote the necessary time thereto."Other journal entries make it clear that

806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the actual writing of the book began on this date and in the

Salt Lake Temple; all previous work had been preparatory

in nature. From the first to the last word set to paper, the

writing was done in the Salt Lake Temple, in the special room assigned to Father for this purpose. However, many

stories have sprung up concerning the writing of the book which are founded in fancy rather than fact.

One of the most persistent false facets of the legend is that

Dr. Talmage never left the temple during the course of the

writing of the book. He not only left the temple but also

carried on his normal church duties including many weekend trips to attend various stake conferences (although he was excused from some of these assignments). He came home

for a few hours most nights—when he was not away from

town on church duties—although his time at home was terribly

limited, as members of his family keenly felt.

I myself was "going on"four years old in September 1914, but I vividly recall the period of writing (although I had thought it covered a much longer total time than was the case, until I obtained the actual dates from Father's journal )

A minor sideeffect of the intense pressure under which

Father labored during this period was the complete disruption of my own young life, as regards waking and sleeping schedules. At an age when good children go to bed at seven

or eight o'clock in the evening, I developed the habit of staying up until 11 pm or midnight. Had I not been permitted to do so, I should have known that I had a father

only by hearsay. He left each morning at a very early hour,

before any of the rest of us was awake, and rarely returned home before 10:30 pm. More often the time of his return

was nearer midnight, and my delight at staying up "to have a bite of supper with Father"at these lateadult hours remains one of my most vivid and happy childhood memories.

Father's only other meal of the day besides these latenight "bites"was a very light lunch which he carried with him in his "satchel,"a small black bag such as doctors use for carrying their professional instruments, and which was a family institution.

The actual time covered by the period of writing Jesus the

Christ was astonishingly short, totaling just three days more than seven months. And those seven months were not devoted

exclusively to writing, as noted above, but to the carrying on of the heavy schedule of regular church duties, with writing time being taken when it could be found or wrung from the hours normally allotted to repose.

I remember, in later years, overhearing a friend of Father's expressing amazement that the writing had been concluded in so short a time, and Father replying to the effect that the

The head of the Christ by the artist Rubens. period of preparation of the book had extended over more

The painting is "The Incredulity of Thomas."than a decade, during which time he had conducted extensive

bottom: The Salt Lake Temple in winter. Dr. Talmage

his began manuscript in midSeptember, and worked studies and research and developed his own thoughts and on it in this building many hours a day, six approaches. The sevenmonth period was merely that devoted

days a week, through the winter months. to setting down on paper the ideas that had developed and

matured over the longer interval. Even so, it was a remarkable achievement.

References to the writing of the book are comparatively few

NOVEMBER 1962 807

in Father's journal, but each time such reference work in the Temple it would have been at present appears it reemphasizes the feeling of urgency and far from completion. I have felt the inspiration of

timepressure under which the author was laboring. the place and have appreciated the privacy and quietThe following examples, taken verbatim from the ness incident thereto. I hope to proceed with the

journal, are illustrative: work of revision without delay."

"Sept. 30. Since I began my work on the Life of The day was a memorable one for the author's

Christ I have devoted every possible hour to the family, who regained a father they had virtually labor, ofttimes working in the Temple until a late "lost."My sister Helen (Mrs. Roland C. Parry of

hour at night.... Ogden, and now the only member of Father's family,

"Nov. 9.... In connection with the matter of the in addition to myself, who is still living) retains an

book it may be well to record that since my beginning unforgettable mental picture of Father's return home on the writing September 14th last, I have devoted late on the night of April 19, 1915. He sat down with

every spare hour to that labor and have at present in an air of weariness, yet with the exhilaration of acwritten form, though not all in revised condition, complishment, and said:

twenty chapters. According to present indications the "Maia (his own affectionate name for his beloved

work on the book will be interrupted through other wife), I have finished. It is my "

appointments already made. The purpose is, however, Here. Helen's memory gropes for the exact word

to bring it to completion at the earliest possible time, he used to describe the finished work. The meaning,

though with some relief from the intense pressure however, was clear beyond any misunderstanding.

under which the writing has been heretofore done."Father was saying that this book was unquestionably

On at least two occasions during the writing period, the finest thing which he, himself, had done—his

journal entries for Sundays note that the author had chef-d'oevre, although Helen feels he did not actually been exempted from conference appointments and employ the French phrase or it would have stood that he "spent the greater part of the day in the out in her memory.

Temple in study."It is perhaps significant that these Father was scrupulously careful in his selection of

Sunday entries specifically note that the hours were words, and it is certain that whatever word he emspent "in study,"the implication being that the actual ployed would have accurately and modestly expressed work of writing was not engaged in on the Sabbath. his true feeling. His evaluation of the work he had

In direct contrast, entries for various holidays read: completed was not in terms of how the book might be

"I spent the greater part of the day in the Temple, received and evaluated by others, but entirely in engaged in study and writing on the book..."or "I terms of comparison with other writings of his own.

devoted the day to writing on the book."He knew that he had never—not even with the Articles

Of particular interest is the journal entry for Novemof Faith—written anything with quite the same special

ber 9, 1914, which reads: quality of Jesus the Christ.

"... During the afternoon attended a meeting of the In connection with his choice of words, it may be

First Presidency and certain invited members of the pertinent at this point to note that in writing Jesus the

Deseret Sunday School Union Board. At this meeting Christ—or any others of his books, for that matter—

I read aloud several chapters of the book 'Jesus the Dr. Talmage did not refer to a dictionary. During

Christ'now in process of preparation, the purpose his lifetime he took some care to avoid letting this being to ascertain whether the book would be properly fact become generally known, lest it be misunderstood.

suited to the lower or the higher grades of the theoThis could easily have grown into a legend that the logical department. As was intended the work is author had so extensive a vocabulary that he felt no

being prepared for our people in general, and is not need to check with the dictionary. Actually, the

adapted for use as a text book for immature students. true reason was almost exactly opposite to such

It was decided by the First Presidency that the work an inference.

be completed on the same scope and plan as heretoFather felt that he should not use in formal writing fore followed, and that the theological department any word of whose precise meaning he was not of the Deseret Sunday School Union provide their absolutely certain. If he needed to check the dictionown outline for the students of the first year's work ary concerning any word, he felt he was not suffiin the department."ciently master of it to trust himself to use it precisely

On April 19, 1915 was penned this significant journal as it should be used. He always sought what the

entrv French refer to as le mot juste, and while he invariably "Finished the actual writing on the book 'Jesus the preferred a short word to a longer word if there were

Christ,'to which I have devoted every spare hour a legitimate choice, he would never use a word, long since settling down to the work on September 14th or short, which expressed his approximate meaning if last. Had it not been that I was privileged to do this there were another word which expressed his exact

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA meaning. He used the dictionary frequently and President Joseph F. Smith was away for a time on

thoroughly all his life, but not as a means of seeking a visit to Hawaii, and on his return it was noted on new words when he was writing for publication. June 18, 1915, following a meeting of the General

But to return to the night of April 19, 1915. Helen Authorities in the temple:

remembers with particular clarity Father's reaching "Immediately after the meeting President Joseph F.

into a side pocket of his coat and bringing out a hand Smith, President Anthon H. Lund and I met as a comfull to overflowing with tiny pencil stubs, souvenirs mittee appointed before President Smith's departure

of the months of writing. Every word of the text of on his recent tour, to consider the section in Chapter 11

Jesus the Christ was written in longhand, the author of the book 'Jesus the Christ'relating to the 'Son of employing soft lead pencils, which he fitted into a Man.'The section was passed in the form in which it

special holder as they grew shorter and used to the had been written."This incident is typical of the thorlast halfinch. I also clearly remember my delight oughness with which doctrinal points were considered.

with the boxes of pencil stubs which I had to play On June 24, 1915 the author wrote in his journal:

with in ensuing months. "At an early meeting of the First Presidency and

The original, handwritten text of the book, on Twelve I read the last installment of the matter of the sheets of newsprint "copy paper,"occupy about half book. This was the eighteenth sitting of the Council

of a mediumsize cardboard carton of some 18 by 13 to hear the reading of the manuscript. Printing is

by 9 inches. now in progress on the book."

Although the overall writing was completed on Proofs were read over ensuing weeks, some of them

April 19, the work on the book was not yet done. Befollowing the author on trips to San Francisco on

ginning April 27, 1915, the author conducted a series official business. Final proof sheets were returned

of readings, a few chapters at a time, to the First to the printers on September 3, 1915 and on SeptemPresidency and Quorum of the Twelve. The entirety ber 9 he wrote in his journal:

of the text was passed by this august group. On "Today I had the pleasure of presenting to the First

May 4, 1915 Father noted in his journal: Presidency the first three copies of the book 'Jesus the

"... three chapters were read today. At each of the Christ'to leave the bindery."

meetings so far held for this purpose, all members In this statement one can feel the author's deep of the First Presidency and all of the Twelve who satisfaction in the final fulfilment of an assignment were not absent from the city on appointed duties which was at once one of the most exacting and one were present."of the most satisfying he had ever undertaken.

MEMO FOR THANKSGIVING

BY ELEANOR ALL.ETTA CHAFFEE

Do you remember how Thanksgiving came

With a drift of early snow, and pumpkins set

In orange rows, and how the humming flame

In the wood stove grumbled when the logs were set?

Do you remember how the old house seemed to spread

Its walls in welcome and its doors with grace;

The assorted babies in the fourposter bed;

The Sundaybest table cover edged with lace?

This is a landscape framed in memory,

Peopled with ghosts, and leveled long ago.

But let us rejoice that it was ours to see,

And here, where through stone canyons north winds blow,

Look toward the far hills where our thanks were given

In simpler days, a little nearer heaven....

NOVEMBEB 1962 809 SQUANTOTHE INDIAN SAINT WHO GAVE US OUR FIRST THANKSGIVING

BY JOHN FIX

This month we will celebrate another Thanksgiving. the ship to exhibit their treasure. A few days later the

And as we bow our heads in gratitude for the good party returned for the rest of the corn and found things which have been bestowed upon us let us be several other caches which the Indians had hidden reminded of the first Thanksgiving in Plymouth in anticipation of spring planting.

Colony nearly three and onehalf centuries ago—for Next the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth Harbor on

here is a splendid example of the justification of faith December 21, 1620. This was providential, for in the

in Providence. vicinity of Plymouth Harbor there were no hostile

The Pilgrim Fathers who set out in their Mayflower Indians, the Patuxet Tribe, native to the territory, for the New World in September and arrived well having been wiped out by plague the year before.

after the onset of winter that 1620 had little more And the Indians left their fields cleared and ready than their trust in God to insure success. They were for planting the following spring. It is hardly likely

neither builders nor tillers of the soil. The few tools that the colonists whose number was reduced to half

they had taken with them for pushing back the by scurvy and pneumonia that first bitter winter wilderness were woefully inadequate. They had no would have had the strength to clear those fields or

fishing implements and only a handful of firearms. to contest their use with warring savage neighbors.

They had even neglected to provide seeds with which And last, but certainly not least, the Pilgrims to plant the soil. But they were confident. "God will found Squanto.

take care of us,"they said. And God did. Squanto is accorded little mention in history. A

First, they were led to a cache of Indian corn lonely head of land on the New England coast, which enabled them to start their first crops. This Squantum Point, bears his name, as does a small

occurred when the Mayflower put in at Provincestreet in Plymouth. But most Americans have never

town Harbor on Cape Cod, November 13. Captain heard of the wonderful red man to whom America

Miles Standish was dispatched with an exploring party owes so much.

to search for water. At the village of Truro, on a spot Squanto was of the tribe of the Patuxet. In 1605,

called to this day Corn Hill, the explorers stumbled with several other Indians, he was carried off to upon a large woven basket containing more than four England as a souvenir of an exploring expedition bushels of corn. Joyfully they loaded an iron kettle headed by Captain George Weymouth. The English

and stuffed their pockets with as much more of the treated their strange guests kindly, but Squanto longed corn as they could carry. Then they sped back to to return to his native land. In 1614 he got the oppor810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PHyLb*-'Ui ci-v.

tunity, sailing with a fleet of vessels captained by Squanto embraced the strictest form of the Pilgrim's

John Smith. faith. He served his adopted people as interpreter

One of Smith's vessels remained behind in Plymouth and as their gobetween with the Indians.

Harbor to trade with the Indians. One night the His knowledge of Indian ways and customs was

vessel's commander, Thomas Hunt, lured several of invaluable in preserving a peace which the Governor the Indians—among them Squanto—on shipboard and wrote enabled the Pilgrims to "walk as peaceably and

had them seized and chained up in the ship's hold. safely in the woods as in the highways of England."

Then they were taken to Malaga, Spain, where they Squanto taught the Pilgrims the Indian lore of were sold as slaves. None of the Indians except hunting and fishing. He taught them how to plant

Squanto was ever heard from again. corn in the exhausted fields, in little hillocks, with three

Squanto was bought by friars, instructed in Chrissmall herring in each hillock, "their noses together tianity, and given his freedom. He made his way to and their tails fanning out."He taught them how to

England and eventually returned to America with catch those herring by building weirs in the brook, an expedition led by Captain Thomas Dermer in 1619. and how to guard against marauding animals who

En route to his homeland he made the acquaintance would dig them up and destroy the planted corn.

of another Indian, Samoset, a chief of the Wabenake, Thus it was that after the first bountiful harvest in whom the vessel had picked up at the island of autumn of 1621, when the Pilgrims decided to declare

Monhegan off the coast of Maine. The two red men a festival and give thanks for their blessings, it was

became close friends. largely due to Squanto that there were so many

Squanto returned home to find his people exterblessings to be thankful for.

minated. Sadly he went to live with the neighboring After Squanto's death in 1623 Governor Bradford

tribe of the Wampanoag. Samoset accompanied him. told the sorrowing Pilgrims that the Indian had been

It was Samoset who made the first friendly over- "a special instrument sent by God for their Good tures to the Pilgrims in 1621. On a second visit beyond all expectation."

Samoset brought with him Massasoit, chief of the So this Thanksgiving when we gather about the

Wampanoag; also Massasoit's brother, Quadquena; festive board with our loved ones let us include in

sixty braves and Squanto. The Indians departed, exour prayers a brief word of thanks for Squanto, the

cept Squanto, who adopted the Pilgrims and lived Indian, without whom the Pilgrim Fathers might not with them until his death two years later. have had so much to be thankful for.

NOVEMBER 1962 811 "He lived on the bank of a mighty river, broad and deep, which was always silently rolling on to a vast undiscovered ocean. It had rolled on, ever since

the world began...."

Those words are attributed to Charles Dickens, the

English novelist of the last century. Mr. Dickens

could very well have used them to describe a small

English lad (who would have been but seven or eight years old when that great man of letters passed away)—James Edward Talmage—who truly lived on The Life the bank of a mighty river of knowledge all through

the days of his mortality.

of Hungerford,James E. TalmageBerkshire,wasEngland,born inSeptemberthe small21,town1862—of

field. mission with to his parents came America, He

in Salt arriving 1876. City family Lake The in JuneJames E. Talmage a third generation Latterday Saint born there in the

BY ALBERT I. ZOBEL.L, JR. became established at Provo, and James entered the

RESEARCH EDITOR infant Brigham Young Academy (now the University) at the opening of the academic year.

In England James had been a diocesan prize scholar at the age of twelve. At fourteen he entered

Brigham Young Academy, and he and the neverto-beforgotten master teacher, Karl G. Maeser, discovered

each other. Soon James held the positions of secretary to the faculty and academy librarian. In June

1879 he was graduated from the Normal department, and while still in his seventeenth year began teaching philosophy, chemistry, geology, Latin reading (Julius

Caesar), phonography (the Isaac Pitman system of shorthand), academic penmanship, and grammar, at a weekly stipend of almost 43c each, the magnificent sum of $3.00 a week or $120.00 for the school year.

The second year his salary increased, but a professor's remuneration left much to be desired.

Before entering the services of the academy he was offered a responsible and an enticing position with the Provo public schools. He needed the money that

had been offered. But, following his usual custom, he

discussed the matter with his own father, with Brother

Maeser, and sought divine guidance. He went to

work for the academy.

His field from the beginning of his public life to the end was education, for the early part as a professional teacher, for the latter as a writer and preacher of the word of God. To the classroom he

brought such personality, such lucidity of explanation, such an energizing influence that students made unusual progress under his direction. His ready wit

was always an engaging part of him in and out of the classroom.

Great honors came to him over the years from the intellectual world. The man, largely selftaught,

was recognized abroad and at home for his original investigations and understanding.

But it was in the spiritual realm that he exercised the greatest influence and felt the strongest call. He

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA impressed one as possessing a severe mind, (his field hours with me. In the course of our conversation he

was first chemistry, and in later years geology), inquired into my work and plans. He advised me

scientific and unusually interested in facts, and then strongly to enter a university in the East and, to my surprised one with the mellowness of his soul and grateful surprise, laid his hands on my head and his extraordinary spiritual gifts. Before an audience blessed me for the undertaking. The blessing thus

his persuasion was based largely on logic and intelpronounced has been realized in both spirit and letter."

lectual appeal, though he left no doubt of the strength As a special student, in 1882, Elder Talmage entered and fervor of his testimony. Lehigh University, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, and in a

In 1932, the late Elder Bryant S. Hinckley, under single year of residence, passed nearly all the requireEra assignment to write biographical articles on memments of a fouryear course and was later graduated

bers of the Council of the Twelve, asked Dr. Talmage: from that institution. He was offered a position as

"When and where did you receive a testimony of laboratory assistant which carried a salary sufficient the gospel?"to meet his needs for the next year, but he declined

"That I do not know,"he answered; "I believe I this offer and went to Johns Hopkins University,

was born with it as I belong to the third generation Baltimore, Maryland, where he specialized in chemof Talmages in the Church. My paternal grandistry and geology during one intensive academic year.

parents, James Talmage of Ramsbury, Wiltshire, Then he was called home to resume his work at

England, and his wife, Mary Joyce of Hampshire, Brigham Young Academy, serving now as professor

England, were the first, or among the first, to join the of geology and chemistry, with varied activities in

Church in that part of England. My father, James other departments. During his residence in Provo he

Joyce Talmage, and my mother, Susannah Preater served the community as city councilman, alderman, (Talmage), became members of the Church before and justice of the peace.

I was born. They were active and devoted members. He came to Salt Lake City as president of the

"Though I seem to have been born with a testiLatter-day Saints College, 188893, where he also mony yet in my early adolescence I was led to question served in the dual capacity of professor of chemistry.

whether that testimony was really my own or derived In 1894 he became professor of geology and president from my parents. I set about investigating the claims of the University of Utah, resigning the presidency in

of the Church and pursued that investigation by 1897 but continuing for ten years as professor of prayer, fasting, and research with all the ardor of an geology. In 1907 he resigned this professorship to

investigator on the outside. While such a one investifollow mining geology.

gates with a view of coming into the Church if its He received his bachelor of science degree in 1891, claims be verified, I was seeking a way out of the and his doctor of science degree in 1912, both from

Church if its claims should prove to me to be unLehigh University.

sound. After months of such inquiry, I found myself As a professional geologist, respected in his field,

in possession of an assurance beyond all question that he literally traveled the earth. The late Elsie Talmage

I was in solemn fact a member of The Church of Brandley, onetime associate editor of the Era, prized

Jesus Christ. I was convinced once and for all, and a birthday letter she had received from her father.

this knowledge is so fully an integral part of my being He was in Siberia on geologic business—the date:

that without it I would not be myself."August 1897.

Speaking of the priesthood he said: "Every call I On December 8, 1911, at the age of fortynine, he

have received to office in the priesthood has come was ordained an apostle by President Joseph F. Smith.

to me because some one was needed to fill a particular As such he followed Elder Joseph Fielding Smith place, and was in no sense a matter of advancement into the Council of the Twelve.

or honor to myself as an individual. The greatest Still he carried a heavy schedule of civic and other

joys of my life have come to me through activities in activities. He represented Salt Lake City and the

the Church, and these have been the activities of a State of Utah at the national conventions called to member rather than an officer. Early in life I realized further popular movements. He would plunge into

that I would have to live with myself more than with the work at the convention and would bring the enanybody else, and I have tried to so live that I would thusiasm home with him.

be in good company when alone."He was called to preside over the European MisHe desired more education to pursue his chosen sion of the Church in 1924, following President David

field. Many of his friends were strongly against O. McKay in that assignment. Here came a man to

this; and finally Elder Talmage went to see the Europe who was not only a leader of a then not so

President of the Church, President John Taylor. In popular church, but he was also a respected and

recalling it, Elder Talmage was to say: honored Fellow of the Royal Microscopical Society

"I have often marveled at the kindness and con- ( London ), Royal Scottish Geographical Society ( Edindescension of President Taylor in spending nearly two burgh), the Geological Society (London), the

NOVEMBER 1962 813 Geological Society of America, the Royal Society of to fruition the great purposes of the restored Church.

Edinburgh, the American Association for the AdvanceThe summer of 1933 found him amidst another ment of Science, and was an Associate of the series of Sunday evening radio sermons. On Tuesday,

Philosophical Society of Great Britain, or Victoria July 25, he became ill while working at his desk in

Institute. In professional fields he knew whereof he the Church Offices and was carried to his home.

spoke, and when he spoke for the Church, newspaper Wednesday found him improved enough to be workcolumns and other media were opened as never ing at home on his next radio address. On Thursday,

before up to that time. July 27, he passed away, death being due to acute

Home again in 1928, Dr. Talmage was finding the miocarditis, following a throat infection.

challenge of something then comparatively new—radio. At the funeral services the following Sunday PresiThe Church had a Sabbath evening radio hour on dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of the First Presidency,

KSL then as now, and soon he was finding his elehimself a student of Dr. Talmage at the old LDS Colment. He liked it, and the radio audience enjoyed lege, as well as special assistant and private secretary

him. From the March 1929 Improvement Era: at the University of Utah, paid this tribute:

"The sermons delivered over the radio each Sun- "To him God's gospel plan was truth, and all truth.

day evening at nine o'clock, by Dr. James E. Talmage, Whatever fell outside that plan was error. He literof the Council of the Twelve, are attracting wideally found

spread attention. Naturally it would be impossible "'Tongues in trees, books in running brooks;

even to estimate with any degree of accuracy how Sermons in stones and good in everything.'

many people 'listen in,'but it is safe to say that many thousands do. Favorable comments on this series are "This was I think, his glory."

received from many different states. Our missionElder Melvin J. Ballard of the Council of the

aries in Alaska report that they have been able to Twelve said:

receive these messages.""In this ministry he produced many volumes that

He was as much at home in his writing, in his shall be read until the end of time, because that speaking, in his teaching, as he was in his own which he has written is so clear and so impressive laboratory. Among his writings were the volumes: that it shall ever be among the cherished treasures

First Book of Nature, Domestic Science, The Great of those who love the works of God. Yet these conSalt Lake—Present and Past, Tables for the Blowpipe tributions he gave freely to the Church, without any

Determination of Minerals, An Account of the Origin earthly reward...."

of the Book of Mormon, The Articles of Faith, The Elder Ballard that evening read Dr. Talmage's last

Great Apostasy, The House of the Lord, The Story of message to the radio audience, entitled: "PriesthoodMormonism, The Philosophical Basis of Mormonism, Taken from the Earth."

The Vitality of Mormonism, Jesus the Christ, Sunday Such was the man James Edward Talmage: gifted

Night Talks by Radio. and aggressive, a man of brilliant accomplishments and

He had met with an accident while serving as high attainments—student, scholar, preacher, and

president of the European Mission that resulted in writer—a man whose very heart and soul found

a knee injury that bothered him, off and on for the the love of the gospel and spent his all in its purpose rest of his life. Nevertheless he kept working to bring and calling.

ALL THIS I KNOW

BY ALMA E. GYGI

I have not seen the stable where Jerusalem the city of our Lord they say his life began; I've never seen;

Nor Nazareth the city where Nor Bethany where 'oft he found

He grew from child to man; retreat with friends serene;

Yet surer than the eye can see, Yet in my soul is bedded deep

My heart knows certainly that he This truth (that I shall ever keep)-

Was there—and lived for me. He is the shepherd of God's sheep.

I've never seen the winding Jordan I have not seen the garden where flow from Hermon's slope; He prayed in final hours;

Nor Galilee the beautiful where Nor Calvary where he was nailed 'oft he taught and spoke; and pierced by evil powers;

Yet in my heart there is no doubt, And yet unhesitatingly that in those lands he moved about I feel and know he set me free;

With men; but as the Son of God. Yes, even more, he died for me.

ALL THIS I KNOW.

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THANKFUL TONGUES

BY RUTH C. IKERMAN

On Thanksgiving morning I stepped to the fence prised and happy as if I had handed her an unexpected and said to my neighbor, "I'm so glad you live next check for funds.

door to me."This year as Thanksgiving approaches, I am wonShe looked up with a surprised smile on her face dering if there are others who need to hear a statement

and said, "Thank you so very much. Nobody ever of the obvious. Should I speak a word to my doctor,

said that to me before."lawyer, merchant? Perhaps thanks is due some of

Surely all her neighbors had often thought this those we as children listed in the familiar nursery about my friend who lived next door. For her kindrhyme, chanting singsong fashion as we counted

nesses throughout the routine days of the year were buttons on our sweaters.

seen in many ways. The emotion of gratitude which we regrettably keep

She would pick up the newspaper and put it on hidden during much of the rest of the year has opporthe porch when the one next door was to be late in tunity to come plainly into view when Thanksgiving coming home, for the paper might be carried away Day approaches. Indeed if gratitude is not expressed,

by stray dogs. then perhaps we have failed to catch the true spirit

She could be counted on to turn off the water if of the season.

a mischievous child began to play with the garden If we do act then, we come to know the happiness hose in the owner's absence. spoken of in the Bible: "A man hath joy by the answer

Yes, she was a fine neighbor, and many had reason of his mouth: and a word spoken in due season, how

to be glad for the blessing of her personality. Yet good is it!"(Proverbs 15:23.)

when I took time to tell her in simple words that I Thankful tongues can encourage a neighbor and was thankful she lived next door, she seemed so surshow gratitude to God for his blessings.

NOVEMBER 1962 815

Si* The Parable of the Unwise Bee

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE

REPRINTED FROM THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER 1914

Sometimes I find myself under obligations of work Then it caught me off my guard and stung my requiring quiet and seclusion such as neither my hand—the hand that would have guided it to freedom.

comfortable office nor the cozy study at home insures. At last it alighted on a pendant attached to the

My favorite retreat is an upper room in the tower of ceiling, beyond my reach of help or injury. The sharp

a large building, well removed from the noise and pain of its unkind sting aroused in me rather pity confusion of the city streets. The room is somewhat than anger. I knew the inevitable penalty of its

difficult of access, and relatively secure against human mistaken opposition and defiance; and I had to leave

intrusion. Therein I have spent many peaceful and the creature to its fate. Three days later I returned

busy hours with books and pen. to the room and found the dried, lifeless body of the

I am not always without visitors, however, espebee on the writing table. It had paid for its stubborncially in summertime; for, when I sit with windows ness with its life.

open, flying insects occasionally find entrance and To the bee's shortsightedness and selfish misundershare the place with me. These selfinvited guests are standing I was a foe, a persistent persecutor, a mortal

not unwelcome. Many a time I have laid down the enemy bent on its destruction; while in truth I was

pen and, forgetful of my theme, have watched with its friend, offering it ransom of the life it had put in interest the activities of these winged visitants, with forfeit through its own error, striving to redeem it, an afterthought that the time so spent had not been in spite of itself, from the prisonhouse of death and wasted, for, is it not true, that even a butterfly, a restore it to the outer air of liberty.

beetle, or a bee, may be a bearer of lessons to the Are we so much wiser than the bee that no analogy receptive student? lies between its unwise course and our lives? We are

A wild bee from the neighboring hills once flew prone to contend, sometimes with vehemence and into the room; and at intervals during an hour or more anger, against the adversity which after all may be

I caught the pleasing hum of its flight.* The little the manifestation of superior wisdom and loving care,

creature realized that it was a prisoner, yet all its directed against our temporary comfort for our efforts to find the exit through the partly opened casepermanent blessing. In the tribulations and sufferings

ment failed. When ready to close up the room and of mortality there is a divine ministry which only the

leave, I threw the window wide, and tried at first to godless soul can wholly fail to discern. To many the

guide and then to drive the bee to liberty and safety, loss of wealth has been a boon, a providential means knowing well that if left in the room it would die as of leading or driving them from the confines of selfish other insects there entrapped had perished in the indulgence to the sunshine and the open, where dry atmosphere of the enclosure. The more I tried boundless opportunity waits on effort. Disappointto drive it out, the more determinedly did it oppose ment, sorrow, and affliction may be the expression of

and resist my efforts. Its erstwhile peaceful hum dean allwise Father's kindness.

veloped into an angry roar, its darting flight became Consider the lesson of the unwise bee!

hostile and threatening. "Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean

not unto thine own understanding.

'For an earlier and briefer reference to this incident of the unwise bee, "In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall author'ssee the article "Lord of All"in The Improvement Era, Vol. XI, direct thy paths."(Proverbs 3:5-6.) 1908. 769772,pages August

NOVEMBER 1962 817 have all the necessary information. We'll get

that later.FIRST STEPS IN

GENEALOGY

Noiv that you have the pedigree chart and family group sheets started from your personal knowledge, let's see if you can find additional information in any records you may have in your home. Records such as:

Where to start! What to do first! Problems?

Not really! Not if you remember that a good

beginning is a simple beginning!

, CERTIFICATES FAMILY OF T>EATHFl CAT5 Bi&le: or B,rt-H 0LV. D LETrtRsLtTrtks CERTIFICATESAW5K/A6fT TEMPirRECORDSBooks CEf?n

First—take a pedigree chart. List yourself as

number 1, then your father as number 2, your mother as number 3.

So make a list of all your known relatives—Then—extend the chart as far back as you can uncles, aunts, cousins, and so on.

from what you know about your grandparents, Are your pedigree chart and family group recgreat-grandparents, and so on. ords a little more complete now? Then next—

how about your relatives? They may knoiv

something of genealogical value.

The next step is to compile a family group record for each couple on the pedigree chart.

Complete each record as far as your personal Visit all those you possibly can. But remember,

knowledge will allow. Don't worry if you don't plan your visit beforehand. List before a visit

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA exactly what you ivant to know. Where and for information some relative may have. We

when was Grandfather Wilson born, what were want to get rid of the possibility of duplicated the names and dates of birth of all his children'? research.

Plan your visits ahead carefully.

:: J Is duplication of research a problem? You bet

it is!

Write to those relatives you can't visit. Plan Thirty percent of the family group records

your letter carefully. Itemize the things you submitted to the Genealogical Association are

would like to know. Make your letter easy to duplicates of ones already on file in the Church

read! And don't ask for too much at once. Offer Records Archives. This means thirty cents out

to share what information you have. Be brief of every dollar, twenty minutes out of every hour

but courteous. Write the type of letter you is wasted!

tvould like to receive.

Checking home sources, contacting relatives is a step toward preventing this.

Let's summarize then, the First Steps

Few people know all their relatives. And so you

may have to advertise for relatives in the newspapers of the areas from which your ancestors came and in which they lived.

That's right! Advertise for relatives! And when

you find them, quiz them! Find out what

they know. WRITING TO RELATIVES

Perhaps the first rule of correspondence is this—

put yourself in the place of the person to whom the letter is being sent. Now, ask yourself the question, "what kind

of letter would I like to receive?"Accordingly then, in

writing to relatives, the approach will depend on (1) how well you know the relative to whom you are writing and (2) whether or not the relative is a member of the Church.

In writing to relatives with whom you are well-,1::

acquainted and with whom you have had frequent and friendly contact, the approach should be cordial and personal. Letters to relatives with whom you have had

Why do we go to all this trouble? Why don't little or no previous contact will need to be just as

we just go ahead and do research work? BefriendlyLettersandto nonmemberscordial but willof theobviouslyChurch mustbe lessbe personal.prepared

cause we don't want to duplicate work that other carefully and until the attitude of the nonmember relative members of our family may have done! We don't mentiontowards thethe ChurchChurch andbecomesyourknown,reason itforwouldwantingbe wellgeneto

want to carry out lengthy and expensive searches alogical information as little as possible.

(Continued on page 850)

NOVEMBER 1962 819 THE LIFE OF JESUS IN PICTURES Down through the past twenty centuries hundreds of artists have painted pictures of the Savior, showing their conception of him and of the important events of his earthly ministry as described in the gospels. These paintings, many of them now worldfamous,

hang in galleries and churches in most of the countries of the world.

Photographs of literally hundreds of these paintings were examined and compared by Era editors and art directors in an attempt to select pictures for reproduction in this issue which would tell the story of Jesus the Christ. After months of searching, it was decided that the paintings by the great Danish religious

illustrator, Carl Heinrich Bloch, (18341890) would best meet the purposes the editors had in mind.

Permission for using fifteen of the pictures, which hang in the

Fredricksborg Castle in Hillerod, Denmark, was obtained through

President Levi B. Thorup of the Danish Mission. Our sincere

thanks and appreciation is expressed to the personnel of the Museum of National History at the Fredricksborg Castle for their kind assistance in securing these pictures and for their permission to reproduce them. The picture of Christ healing the sick man at

the pool was obtained from Camera Clix photo service.

The work of Carl Bloch is not new to Era readers. His painting of Mary and Elisabeth was used as an Era cover in full color

in May 1958. "The Transfiguration"appeared in November 1959.

Reproductions of other paintings have been used in black and white throughout the years.

As a religious illustrator, Carl Bloch, who did his work towards the end of the socalled romantic period of painting, seems to have few weaknesses. His fascination with detail, his powerful use of

light and shadow, his dramatic animation and heroic vision, his accurate draftsmanship and the all but perfect structural qualities of his figures, combined with the skilful use of vivid color, give a highly realistic quality to his paintings. His buildings, trees and

shrubs, clothing, general terrain, and even walls and rocks create a remarkably accurate impression of the Holy Land area.

In short, these paintings of Carl Heinrich Bloch tell a story of the Savior that can be understood by all. It is hoped that they

will bring much inspiration, joy, and understanding to homes and classrooms throughout the Church, DLG

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"And she brought forth her firstborn son, "... after three days they found him in the temple,

and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and laid him in a manger; because there was no asking them questions. And all that heard him were astonroom for them in the inn."(Luke 2:7.) ished at his understanding and answers."(Luke 2:4647.)

iwm ii '. iwmii

m "Jesus saith unto him, [an infirm man at the Pool of Bethesda] Rise, take up thy bed, and walk. And immediately the

man was made whole,..."(John 5:8-9.)

"Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord

thy God, and him only shalt thou serve."(Matthew 4:10.)

\ ';:i tHP

"Awe? the third day there was a marriage in

Cana of Galilee; and the mother of Jesus was

there: And both Jesus was called, and his

disciples, to the marriage."(John 2:1-2.)

"And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain: and wiicn he was set, his

disciples came unto him: And he opened his

mouth and taught them,..."(Matthew 5:1-2.)

To the blind man Bartimaeus at Jericho the Savior said, "Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee

whole. And immediately he received his sight,

and followed Jesus in the way."(Mark 10:52.)

-J**

%"N, i "... Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and "But Jesus said, Suffer little chilbringeth them up into an high mountain apart, And was dren, and forbid them not, to come

transfigured before them: and his face did shine as the sun unto me: for of such is the kingand his raiment was bright as the light."(Matthew 17:1-2.) dom of heaven."(Matthew 19:14.)

"And when he had made a scourge of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple, and the sheep, and the oxen; and poured out the changers'

money, and overthrew the tables"; (John 2:15.)

:;: #:.-. E,

"":'./ ''VvA Ev:

"And he said unto them, With desire I have desired to eat this passover with you before I suffer: For I

say unto you, I will not any more eat thereof, until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of God."(Luke 22:1516.)

"And the Lord turned, and looked upon Peter.

And Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he had said unto him, Before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice."(Luke 22:61.)

"V

"Nuw in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new

sepulchre, wherein was man never yet laid.

There laid they Jesus...."(John 19:4142.)

This painting by Carl Heinrich Bloch entitled "Christ Consoling the Oppressed,"is used here to represent the Risen Lord. It

recalls Christ's several appearances after his resurrection and brings to mind the testimony of Joseph Smith and Sidney

Rigdon: "And now, after the many testimonies which have

been given of him, this is the testimony last of all, which we give of him: That he lives!

"For we saw him, even on the right hand of God; and we

heard the voice bearing record that he is the Only Begotten He of the Father—

"That by him, and through him, and of him, the worlds are and were created, and the inhabitants thereof are begotten sons and daughters unto God."(D&C 76:2224.) Lives

After Christ had risen from the dead, he appeared to Mary and "the other women,"to his apostles on several occasions, to "about five hundred brethren at once,"and to the Nephites on the American continent.

NOVEMBER 1962 bow could bring meat to his lodge.

Red Eagle listened and marveled. In the blackness

of the night, when only the fire and the stars gave light, Red Eagle marveled. And he pretended the

darkness concealed the forests of the mountains of the north. He lay upon his blanket on the trampeddown sand of the lodge floor and listened to the rush

of water, the call of the nightprowling animals and rustling of the trees. He dreamed of wading the

streams and catching the silver fish, slick and cold and squirming in his hands. He dreamed of stalking THE the trails of deer and elk and bear and mountain

lions, silently, in the way of the brave hunter. He

dreamed of fitting his arrow carefully to his bow and the swish of the arrow cutting the air. He dreamed PRIDE

of the hunter's pride in the one true shot and of the pride of bringing meat to the lodge of his father.

But daylight brought the sand and the heat, rising OF RED like ghostly signals from the burning ground. It

brought the cry of thirsty animals, the haunted eyes of hungry children, and the withered and parched stalks of corn. Red Eagle looked far into the north, EAGLE

squinting against the sun, but he could see nothing

BY H. JOAN OWEN but the windpolished dunes, and sagebrush, and

the sunfaded sky.

Red Eagle's father taught him the way of his

The bow of Red Eagle and his truehoned arrows fathers. He taught him to make the balanced, true

brought no meat to the lodge of his father, for there arrows and the strong bow. He taught him the walk

were no darting targets for his bow to bend against. of the hunter and drew in the sand for him the

Even the swift desert rabbits did not come to prints of the deer and the elk and the bear and the their land. mountain lion. And Red Eagle listened and learned

Lizards and sidewinders and an occasional bird, through all his growing years.

flying high above the hot sand, were all they saw of Sometimes his father forgot the lesson and stood animals of the wild. Day after hot, dry day, they with his feet apart, his arms straight at his sides, his

saw their own animals grow thin and listless. The face lifted to the wind and stared long into the north.

babies in the lodges of his neighbors cried with the The lines of squinting were deep around his eyes, for wail of weak and hungry kittens. Red Eagle's mouth he had stared into the north for many years. Red

was dry with the taste of sand. Eagle watched his father and saw the proud

At night, the elders gathered around the fire and hunter he could be. And Red Eagle's heart was a

told of the cool, green forests of the north where once wounded bird.

their fathers had built their lodges. Red Eagle lisThere came a day when white men came and talked

tened with awed mind to the words that told of pines in the circle of the elders. Red Eagle listened to their

and birch and quaking aspen and berries to pick words but did not understand. The elders called the

fresh and juicy from their bush; of acorns and pinon fathers of the village, and they talked also with the

nuts and fresh meat; of tall wild grass, cool beneath white men, sitting crosslegged on the ground, their

bare feet, and water. They told of streams and rivers arms folded across their chests. Red Eagle listened

and lakes of water to quench the aching thirst—water but could not understand. A white man talked in

for the animals to make them come alive again; Red Eagle's tongue, but the words were strange and

water to lie back in and feel it wash away the weariRed Eagle did not know them.

ness and the dirt of the hunt; water to grow corn The white men left and Red Eagle's father called

tall as a man. to him, and they went into their lodge and sat upon

They told of hunting deer, elk, bear, and mountain the floor. Red Eagle's father told him and his mother

lion: of the many trails of hoof prints to follow, what the white men had said. Red Eagle listened,

silently, on moccasined feet, through the tall shading wideeyed. His mother clutched his two small sisters

trees—cool, cool shade. They talked of when a man's tight against her and rocked back and forth as if she

838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mourned. Red Eagle had never heard of school.

It was a place where he would learn, his father said.

What did he need to learn that his father could not teach him, Red Eagle asked. "White man's ways,"

his father said. What need did he have of white

man's ways? "It is good to learn,"his father said.

More white men came with paper and with writing sticks. They asked many questions and wrote with

the writing sticks upon the paper and listed all their names. Red Eagle looked long upon the strange

marks of his name.

Then the great bus of the white men came. Red

Eagle took his bow and five true arrows and a bundle of his clothes and climbed upon the metal bus. He

turned in the seat to look at his village, and his father, and his two small sisters until the dust rose up and covered them.

Red Eagle and his friends sat silently in the jogging bus. They did not speak to each other or to the

children from the other villages but stared out at the sand of their country. They rode through the light

and into the darkness, and Red Eagle's eyes grew tired, and his head bobbed back against the seat. And

he slept.

When he woke, it was light again, and the bus was stopped. The children were getting off, timid

and afraid. But in the way their fathers taught them,

they showed no sign of it, nor spoke a word, nor uttered any sound. Red Eagle stood up on his stiff

and sleepprickled legs and followed the others off the bus.

Red Eagle's eyes opened wide in amazement, for there—more majestic than the elders'tales, taller than

his dreams—were the mountains of the north. He

stared in amazement while the white men pushed him into line with the other children and herded them into the biggest lodge any of them had ever seen.

In lines, they were pushed through the rooms of the lodge, where many strange and frightening things were done to them. But no sound was uttered. Sometimes the fear was so great in Red Eagle he had to

think hard about his father's teachings. While the

white men poked pieces of shiny metal at him and looked into his ears and in his mouth, while they turned rain upon him out of the lodge wall and made him wash in it with white men's soap, while they did such frightening things to him as to make his heart flutter as a bird, he said over and over to himself:

Keep pain and fear like a captive bird locked always in your heart.

The sun had set before the white men finished with them and took them to rooms where beds stood upon metal legs and the things thev brought from their fathers'lodges were put into tall wooden boxes.

Red Eagle lay in the (Continued on page 853)

Jesus Christ, the

In May of 1833 the Prophet Joseph Smith things both in heaven and in the earth and under gave to the Church and to the world a the earth,..."

great revelation in which was included a The Lord stated further that the purpose for obdefinition of truth: "And truth is knowledge taining that knowledge was, "That ye may be prepared

of things as they are, and as they were, in all things when I shall send you again to magnify the and as they are to come; calling whereunto I have called you, and the mission

"And whatsoever is more or less than this with which I have commissioned you."{Ibid., 88:80.)

is the spirit of that wicked one who was All of the leaders of the Church have believed that a liar from the beginning. it was necessary to provide opportunity for the ful-

"The Spirit of truth is of God...."filment of this commandment given by the Lord to

(D&C 93:2426.) the Prophet Joseph Smith in 1832. We have also

Since the organization of The Church been taught from scripture that to be learned is good.

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in April However, certain qualifications and explanations have 1830, repeated emphasis has been placed been made with respect to those who become upon the importance of individual mem- "learned."In Jacob's teachings in the Book of Morbers of the Church obtaining education mon a warning was given which stated: "O that

in the things of the world as well as a cunning plan of the evil one! O the vainness, and the

knowledge of the gospel of Jesus Christ. frailties, and the foolishness of men! When they are

Two and onehalf years after the organlearned they think they are wise, and they hearken ization of the Church, the Prophet gave by not unto the counsel of God, for they set it aside, way of revelation the commandment that supposing they know of themselves, wherefore, their

CONDUCTED the Saints should teach one anwisdom is foolishness and it profiteth them not. And

BY THE other. The particular scope and they shall perish.

body of knowledge was prescribed "But to be learned is good if they hearken unto the

UNIFIED by the Lord in the following counsels of God."(2 Nephi 9:2829.)

CHURCH words: "Teach ye diligently and This admonition, "to be learned is good if we

SCHOOL my grace shall attend you, that hearken unto the counsels of God,"is directed parSYSTEM you may be instructed more perticularly to Latterday Saints. The Church, as a result

fectly in theory, in principle, in of this philosophy, has provided for the teaching of doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in all its members through the present religious education things that pertain unto the kingdom of program in the seminaries, institutes, and colleges

God, that are expedient for you to of the Church as well as in the former times, in the understand; schools at Kirtland, Nauvoo, and early days in Utah.

"Of things both in heaven and in The search for truth by Latterday Saint men and the earth, and under the earth; things women has not been restricted, however, to our own

which have been, things which are, schools. The membership of the Church has pursued

things which must shortly come to pass; learning in many colleges and universities throughout

things which are at home, things which are the world. As a result of this participation an outstandabroad; the wars and the perplexities which ing reputation for successful scholarship and diligence

are on the land; and a knowledge also in the acquisition of knowledge has been attained in

of countries and of kingdoms—"{Ibid., academic fields by members of the Church.

88:7879.) However, our mission extends beyond knowledge

In that declaration the Prophet made of the things of the world. We are expected to grow

known that his followers, the Latterday in the knowledge of the things of God. In a revelation

Saints, were to be learned in all things that to the Prophet Joseph Smith the Lord gave information pertain unto the kingdom of God that are regarding the meaning of the light of truth and its expedient for them to understand, "of relationship to Jesus Christ. The revelation reads:

BY DR. ALMA P. BURTON

ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR SEMINARIES AND INSTITUTES OF RELIGIONAuthor of Truth

"He that ascended up on high, as also he descended instances he attempts to establish the truth in below all things, in that he comprehended all things, the matter.

that he might be in all and through all things, the 2. The parent attempts to determine the truth

light of truth; when children are in an argument. Is Johnny's story

"Which truth shineth. This is the light of Christ. right or is Mary's claim the one that is correct? In

As also he is in the sun, and the light of the sun, and other words, what is the truth?

the power thereof by which it was made. 3. The physician seeks to learn the true condition

"As also he is in the moon, and is the light of the of his patient so that he may prescribe for his needs.

moon, and the power thereof by which it was made; Should hot packs or cold packs be applied? Should

"As also the light of the stars, and the power thereof sedation be prescribed or will it affect adversely the by which they were made; situation? As he studies his case he is trying to

"And the earth also, and the power thereof, even arrive at the true condition of his patient in order the earth upon which you stand. that he may properly prescribe for the improvement

"And the light which shineth, which giveth you of his health.

light, is through him who enlighteneth your eyes, 4. The storekeeper seeks to ascertain the truth

which is the same light that quickeneth your underfrom a customer who may be accused of shoplifting.

standings; 5. The traffic policeman tries to fix the blame for

"Which light proceedeth forth from the presence of an accident between two cars.

God to fill the immensity of space—6. A purchaser seeks to know the article he is

"The light which is in all things, which giveth life purchasing.

to all things, which is the law by which all things And so we may list other examples of the search are governed, even the power of God who sitteth for everyday, practical truths. Examples of research

upon his throne, who is in the bosom of eternity, or test tube truth are:

who is in the midst of all things."(D&C 88:6-13.) 1. An attempt is made to classify and record

According to this, Christ is the source of the light knowledge about things that exist.

of truth. He is the source of that light which gives 2. Observation is made of elements in, of, and about

light to the eye as well as that light which quickens the universe—how they work, live, move, and have

the understanding. The Savior is the means through their being.

which our understandings are quickened; therefore, 3. The reaction of material things on other material

he is the source of all truth. Truth, particularly things in the earth or out of the atmosphere is observed

"higher truth,"comes from a quickening of the underby scientific investigators.

standing. When we examine the statement, "the Great strides have been made in the field of research

glory of God is intelligence, or, in other words, light or test tube truth, and yet how far are we from a real and truth,"we are forced to the conclusion that to knowledge of truth, and concerning the elements of know light and to know truth—at least higher truththe universe?

one must know Jesus Christ, for he is "the light The third classification of truth may be called of truth.""higher truth"—that truth which transcends things

The following three classifications of truth are of an earthly and temporal nature. The truth of

proposed for consideration. The first may be called, which Jesus spoke when he stood before Pilate just

"common, everyday, practical truth"; the second, prior to the crucifixion. "Then Pilate entered into the

"research or test tube truth"; and the third, "higher judgment hall again, and called Jesus, and said unto

truth."Examples of common, everyday, practical him, Art thou the King of the Jews?

truths are: "Jesus answered him, Sayest thou this thing of thy-

1. The judge seeks to establish the truth about the self, or did others tell it thee of me?

case being heard. Did the man exceed the speed "Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation

limit? Was he driving recklessly? Was the pedesand the chief priests have delivered thee unto me:

trian at fault or the motorist? And in each of these what hast thou done?

NOVEMBER 1962 841 Jesus Christ, the Author of Truth "Pilate therefore said unto him, truth? And when he had said this,

Art thou a king then? Jesus anhe went out again unto the Jews,

swered, Thou sayest that I am a king. and saith unto them, I find in him

"Jesus answered, My kingdom is To this end was I born, and for this no fault at all."(John 18:3338.)

not of this world: if my kingdom cause came I into the world, that When Jesus remarked to Pilate

were of this world, then would my I should bear witness unto the truth. that he came into the world to "bear

servants fight, that I should not be Every one that is of the truth heareth witness unto the truth,"he had referdelivered to the Jews: but now is my my voice. ence to "higher truths."He was

kingdom not from hence. "Pilate saith unto him, What is not speaking lightly. Pilate seemed

to have caught the significance of the Savior's answer when he followed by saying, "What is truth?"

ageold question constantly itself a Thispresents for our study and... consideration. The "sense of process

One of the great discourses on

RICHARD I. EVANS truth is John Jaques'hymn, "Oh

Say, What Is Truth?"Note that the

We have talked in recent weeks of principles and author states this in the form of penalties and sincere repentance; of keeping life a question, and then answers the

straight, sentence: the simple and THE (summarized by proposed question.

of the habit of SPOKEN "If shouldn't it, don't"), and do you WORD being happy. One of the essential factors of happi- "Oh say, what is truth? 'Tis the fairness, of course, is the habit, the privilege, the principle of willing est gem

work. Of this we may not be as much aware as once we were. We That the riches of worlds can

like the good things, the necessities, and something else besides. produce; And priceless the value

But with complex and mechanized processes and so much of of truth will be when isolation from the source, sometimes we may not be so much aware The proud monarch's costliest diaof the way by which so much that is, is brought about. In comdem

menting on a somewhat unproductive person, one knowing Is counted but dross and refuse.

observer said: "[She] has no sense of process.... She wants the

result without doing any of the work that goes to make it."1 This

is a compelling subject—the "sense of process"—the thought, the "Yes, say, what is truth? 'Tis the

skill, the talent, the work, the organizing, managing, effort, the brightest prize energy, with Providence as first provider, plus what all others do, as To which mortals or Gods can some think and some plan, some invent, and some save and risk, aspire:

it and some add physical skill and effort, by all of which together Go search in the depths where so much is brought into being. And now from several sources glittering lies,

may we share some sentences: "Labor is the divine law of our Or ascend in pursuit to the loftiest

existence,"2 said Mazzini. "Every man's task is his lifepreserver,"3 skies.

observed Emerson. "Work is as much a necessity to man as eating 'Tis an aim for the noblest desire.

and sleeping."4 "Work is not a curse;"said Calvin Coolidge, "it is

the prerogative of intelligence, the only means to manhood, and the "The sceptre may fall from the measure of civilization."5 "There is no truer and more abiding happidespot's grasp,

ness than the knowledge that one is free to go on doing, day by When with winds of stern justice he day, the best work one can do...."6 "None so little enjoy themcopes;

selves, and are such burdens to themselves, as those who have But the pillar of truth will endure nothing to do.—Only the active have the true relish of life."7 "I to the last,

have lived to know,"said Adam Clarke, "that the great secret of And its firmrooted bulwarks outhuman happiness is this: never suffer your energies to stagnate."8 stand the rude blast,

"The greatest asset of any nation,"added George B. Cortelyou, "is And the wreck of the fell tyrant's

the spirit of its people, and the greatest danger that can menace hopes.

any nation is the breakdown of that spirit—the will to win and

the courage to work."9 In all we have, and in the much doing it "Then say, what is truth? 'Tis the

takes to bring so much about, let us never lose the "sense of process,"last and the first, nor fail to be a fairly contributing part of that process—for "All For the limits of time it steps o'er:

growth depends upon activity."5 Though the heavens depart, and the

Report by Rebecca West (1892-), Scottish novelist. earth's fountains burst,

2Giuseppe Mazzini (180572), Italian patriot. Truth, the sum of existence, will

3Emerson. *Karl Wilhelm Humboldt (17671835), German philologist and statesman. weather the worst,

Coolidge. ECalvin

"Robin G. Collingwood (18891943), English philosopher and historian. Eternal, unchanged, ever more."

7John Jay (17451829), Chief Justice US Supreme Court.

8Adam Clarke (17621832), English divine.

"George B. Cortelyou (18621940) US Cabinet officer. Truth, according to Jaques, is the

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the sum of existence. It is eternal, unColumbia Broadcasting System, September 2, 1962. Copyright 1962. changed, evermore. Jaques'defini842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HONEY

mjuwivmm

LWiMiiii./'iBWiiliiii'iiuLiiiJiii'.iuMMiii'':jgfiijiiiiiiii

FULL OF FRESH COUNTRY

Taste it! The golden healthful honey in Nabisco Sugar

Honey Grahams. The freshfrom-thecomb honey in

every crisp, delicious bite. And here's the rich malty

flavor of real graham flour in all its natural goodness

Taste what makes this graham so great... so satisfying, it's America's favorite betweenmeal cracker.

Try the economical 2-pound package.

NABISCO SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS

NOVEMBER 1962 843.

tion is concerned with "higher that I beheld his glory, as the glory 14. Italics added.)

truths"—the truths which are noble, of the Only Begotten of the Father, The Savior in this same revelation

inspiring, of greatest worth and confull of grace and truth, even the made known that he was the "spirit sequence. The brightest prize to Spirit of truth, which came and dwelt of truth"and that John bore record

Wnich mortals or Gods can aspire in the flesh, and dwelt among us. of him, saying that Christ received

are "higher truths.""And I, John, saw that he received a fulness of truth.

John the Revelator taught that not of the fulness at the first, but The Savior received a fulness of even the Savior progressed during received grace for grace; truth, but the fact that he did not

his earthly life in the knowledge of "And he received not of the fulreceive that fulness at first indicates truth. He taught that he beheld the ness at first, but continued from that man may also attain unto a fulglory of the Savior full of grace and grace to grace, until he received a ness of truth—even "higher truth"by

truth but that the Savior did not fulness; going from grace to grace and from

receive of a fulness "of grace and "And thus he was called the Son truth to truth.

truth"at first. Note his testimony of God, because he received not of Joseph F. Smith, the sixth Presion this: "And I, John, bear record the fulness at the first."(D&C 93:11dent of the Church, wrote: "The

mere stuffing of the mind with a knowledge of facts is not education.

The mind must not only possess truth, the of the a but knowledge

it, it, it love cherish soul must revere The process of bringing things as a priceless gem; and this human

life shaped guided by and must be about.. fulfill its destiny. it in order to The

RICHARD L. EVANS mind should not only be charged

with intelligence, but the soul should

We spoke last week of the "sense of process"—of be filled with admiration and desire

what it takes to make things, to get things done,

THE to bring things into being, and suggested that

SPOKEN nothing does itself, that nothing worthwhile comes WORD without effort, and that all of us should be a fairly SNOWFALL contributing part of the process of bringing things about. On a

somewhat related subject Alexander Hamilton said: "Men give me BY THELMA IRELAND

some credit for genius. All the genius I have lies just in this:

When I have a subject in hand, I study it profoundly. Day and Winter is twiddling her snowflake

night it is before me. I explore it in all its bearings. My mind pale thumbs,

becomes pervaded with it. Then the effort which I make the Scattering beauty in delicate crumbs,

people are pleased to call the fruit of genius. It is the fruit of Intricate symmetry, no two the same,

labor and thought."1 "There is no line of work—business or proTelling of mystery from which they

fessional—"says a recent source, "where anyone can hope to gain came.

any degree of success without intensive work."2 Tchaikovsky wrote

an impressive comment on the creative process, in a letter in 1875:

"Very often one must first overcome laziness and lack of inclination,"he said. "Then there are various impediments. Sometimes vicfor pure intelligence which comes

easily, entirely inspiration escapes me. sometimes tory But comes of of truth. a the knowledge The

is it artist laziness for of I submit, to never is the an believe duty truth can only free make him who is artist trait, to harmful nothing than an strong and more a human it it. will hath in continue and And

sit of better afford to let laziness to him. get the cannot and One

it is truth, the will word and of God is visit a inspiration; lazy guest for the she not wait does but who endure forever. 3

is artist, call her."of the true not This only those to comes who yourself for only not "Educate

artisan, of student, also of the the the worker, the but for searcher, time, but also eternity."(Joseph

truth, after the pursuer seeker endeavor. of every the duty and every F. Smith, Contributor, The

offer ordinarily doesn't or any unearned unsought Lord The 16:570. Italics added.)."4

. it is shall find; said. "Seek, "handouts."should ye and "Men Latterday Saint and men women in cause, their of a things anxiously engaged and. good do many be classiof necessity the pursue must..."5 will, of truth, finding of the talents, free improving The own fied of the knowledge world and

the increasing of competence, the enlarging of experience, the addparticipate in experiments to advance ing to understanding, all that pertains to improvement must be that knowledge, but they should in, for, persisted "Inspirasought, prayed for, worked and pursued. the Christ as gospel have of Jesus

.. tion"conviction) accomplishment, (competence, even. "does their constant of reference. frame

not visit the lazy but comes to those who call her."3 The Prophet Joseph Smith under1Alexander Hamilton (17571804), American statesman. stood this need of working with the

Jr., Fort Worth, Texas. 3B. B. Fowler,

3Peter Tchaikovsky, July 6, 1878. knowledge proclaimed by men of

4Matthew 5D&C 58:27.7:7. the world but he also understood the

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the need for distinguishing error from

Columbia Broadcasting System, September 9, 1962. Copyright 1962. truth and stated, "The world is full

844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Hotel -onWheels"Service featured on these four fine Rio Grande trains...

The VistaDome CALIFORNIA ZEPHYR The PROSPECTOR

Daily San FranciscoSalt Lake CityDenver- Overnight, every night Salt Lake CityDenver.

OmahaChicago via WP—D&RGW—CB&Q

The VistaDome The VistaDome COLORADO EAGLE ROYAL GORGEDENVER ZEPHYR

Daily St. Lou isKansas CityPueblo- Colorado Daily between Salt Lake City and Denver via

SpringsDenver via MP-D&RGW. Royal Gorge route. Throughcar Denver Zephyr

service between Colorado Springs and Chicago.

(D&RGWCB&Q) DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

Family Fare Plan Rail Travel Credit Plan RailAuto Plan Stopover privileges at all points

D. P. HEINER, General Agent, Passenger Department Ground Floor Corner, Hotel Utah DAvis 2-5741

NOVEMBER 1962 845

of technicalities and misrepresentabeheld God the Eternal Father and tion, which I calculate to overthrow, his Son Jesus Christ, the Prophet was and speak of things as they actually engaged in proclaiming "higher exist."(DHC, V, p. 344.) Joseph truth."His knowledge was great,

Smith had a strong desire to acquire indeed, and his instructions enlight- a knowledge of truth and to teach ening. But there were many truths

things as they are, were, and are to that he carried with him to the grave.

be. He likewise desired to have his He said that he, "... could explain

people—the Latterday Saints—prop- a hundredfold more than I ever have

erly understand the truth, particuof the glories of the kingdoms manilarly the "higher truths."From the fested to me in the vision, were I

time of the First Vision, when he permitted, and were the people

REALIZE

Repentance and sincerity—YOUR DREAMS

"The American Way"RICHARD L. EVANS

The children's college education Last week in considering repentance and forgive-... a secure retirement... countness, we cited a sentence from George Herbert

less important and special events THE which said: "He that cannot forgive others, breaks

in your family's life can be fulfilled SPOKEN the bridge over which he himself must pass... for

with the help of your savings WORD every one has need to be forgiven"1—and we ended

account at AMERICAN SAVINGS. with an awareness that the obligation works both ways, on the

Start saving regularly for your offender to see that repentance is sincere, and on the offended to family's future. You'll enjoy inaccept sincere repentance. And now a word as to sincerity: Simply

sured safety while you earn the saying the words, simply saying we're sorry, is not enough. And

highest rate currently paid in the persistent repeating of former offenses would seem to suggest

Utah on insured savings. some lack of sincerity, or at least some lack of selfcontrol. From

Roswell Dwight Hitchcock we have cited before a sentence which

.. "VMmmfi nffliWl man;says: "Proveand withoutthat youthis canall othercontroleducationyourself, isandgoodyouforarenothing.an educated

& LOAN ASSOCIATION Suppose that someone who has injured or offended someone else

OFFICE: so,HOME that saying and in his and says, comes assume "I am sorry,"we

City Salt Lake Main, South 63 sorry. is sincerely 1 1, Utah he next he does day Then suppose the same Highland OFFICE: 2186 HOUSE SUGAR

Drive, Salt Lake City 6, Utah thing, and again says, "I am sorry."And suppose he keeps on

GRANGER OFFICE: 3555 Market Street, doing the same thing, and keeps on saying, "I am sorry."Surely

Salt Lake City 4, Utah there would come a point where one would wonder how sincere

HONOLULU DIVISIONAL OFFICE: he was in repenting, in repeating, in saying, "I am sorry."The

915 all, of course, 17,1 1.# 1 FortA]Street,3 iM Honolulu, Hawaii > limits of the patience of the Judge and Father of us Honolulu, Hawaii we do not know, but have reason to be grateful that His patience

OFFICE: HILO are great. understanding not love and be wise would But one

1 20 this in Waianoenue Ave., a'/2% toandpress point, persistent a reasonable patience beyond

Hilo, Hawaii KALIHI OFFICE: repeating and insincere repenting. "By this ye may know if a man

King St., North 1851

Hawaii Honolulu, - l"lEHffl: AMERICAN"SAVEWAY"'THE repenteththem."3 Thisof hisaccordssins—behold,with the heMaster'swill confesswords whenthem heandsaid:forsake"...

go, and sin no more."4 Sometimes the last part is underemphasized.

"Immorality in any society,"says a current source, "is defined by the magnitude of the gap between ideals and behavior."5 In

AN INDEX FOR YOUR other words, to personalize and paraphrase, the difference—the

"gap"—between what we say and what we do, may well be the

1961 IMPROVEMENT ERAS measure of sincerity, in repentance, and in all else also. "Profound

"is of sincerity,"basis of talent as the only observed Emerson, volreference your Era's marvelous Make it effective, follow, character."6 repentance would must And to be binding with them, complete umes by an

index, for your home library. be sincere.

Bound volumes of the Era are also an George Herbert (15931633), English philosopher.

invaluable part of your WARD LIBRARY. 2RoswelISD&C 58:43.Dwight Hitchcock (i81787), American clergy.

GET YOUR 1961 ERA INDEX BY SENDING 4John5George8:11.R. Means, General Secretary's Letter to Rotary International Officials, July

10c TO COVER HANDLING COSTS TO: 27, 1962."Emerson, Natural History of Intellect.

The Improvement Era "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, August 26, 1962. Copyright 1962.

135 South State Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA prepared to receive them."

The Prophet knew of the misrepresentation and technicalities which existed in the "knowledge"as proclaimed by the world. He sought

continually to distinguish between those misrepresentations and truth.

He stated at one time, "Why do not my enemies strike a blow at the doctrine? They cannot do it: it is

truth and I defy all men to upset it."(Ibid., VI, pp. 273274.) The

Prophet did not claim a monopoly on truth. He gave other religious denominations the right of having some

truth and stated: "Have the Presbyterians any truth? Yes. Have the

Baptists, Methodists, etc., any truth?

Yes. They all have a little truth

mixed with error."[Idem.) At another time the Prophet stated, "We

don't ask any people to throw away any good they have got; we only

ask them to come and get more.

What if all the world should embrace this gospel?"And then the

Prophet answered his question by saying, "They would then see eye to the of eye blessings and God Selecting the "right"architect for your church buildingwould out poured be peoupon the ple, which is the desire of my whole program is one of the most important decisions you soul."(Idem.) have to make. Here's a new 12page guide that gives

As a rather all inclusive statement you a stepby-step plan for architect selection...

the Prophet Joseph Smith declared provides you with a helpful worksheet for determining at another time that, "Truth is Moryour needs... tells you what to expect from your

monism. God is the author of it."architect... and how to create a good working

(Idem.) In other words, the docrelationship. The booklet was written by Robert L.

trines of the Church as taught by the Durham, FAIA and member of the Church Architectural

Prophet Joseph Smith, when fully Guild of America. It has been developed by the Rilco

understood, are the truth—even the Engineered Wood Products Division of Weyerhaeuser

"higher truths."Company to make your building program as simple and

Obedience to the gospel of Jesus efficient as possible. Send for your free booklet today.

Christ is a necessary prerequisite to the acquisition of a knowledge of these truths of which the Prophet Rilco laminated wood arches and beams are of worship. for a house natural a The warmspoke. expect can to come No man

create grain patterns a dramahues and subtle ofunto a fulness of the knowledge character tic architectural unduplicated any by the things of God unless he submits other material. Initial cost is low, erection is

himself in obedience to the will fast and maintenance costs minimal. To give

of God. youwood,interestinga Rilco ideasChurchon Constructionthe use of laminatedbooklet

The Prophet Joseph Smith stated, also accompanies the Church Architect booklet.

"... no man receiveth a fulness [of

truth] his unless keepeth he comWeyerhaeuser themandments,"promise is given and further that, "He that keepeth his Company commandments receiveth truth and ProductsRilco EngineeredDivision Wood light, until glorified in truth he is and all m w *;< things."Dept. B-550;,;'. -K SS Tacoma: 53: ':?;:":;.;:V:: 1,m ViiWash.'im\ v's-'93:27knoweth (D&C

28.) One who is glorified in truth Please send me your new booklet, Selecting

and knoweth all things would be in and Working with Your Church Architect, to- a position to appreciate the stategetherIdeas booklet.with the Rilco Church Construction

ment recorded by John the Beloved when Christ said, "And this is life Name eternal, that they might know thee Church the only true God, and Jesus Christ,

Address

City Zone State

NOVEMBER 1962 847 whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) the Lord? Behold, to obey is better knowledge of truth.

God being the source of all truth than sacrifice, and to hearken than Another significant statement with and the goal being to know God and the fat of rams."(1 Samuel 15:22.) respect to truth is the one in which

Jesus Christ requires that man shall Knowledge of the things of God the Prophet recorded: "All truth is

search for truth—"higher truth"—with is dependent not on study alone but independent in that sphere in which

the aid and assistance of the Lord. on divine assistance from heaven as God has placed it, to act for itself, as

Saul was taught a great lesson by well. No amount of study will take all intelligence also; otherwise there

Samuel when he said unto him: the place of obedience. Obedience is no existence."(D&C 93:30.)

"And Samuel said, Hath the Lord on the other hand is not sufficient in Truth is independent in that as great delight in burnt offerings and itself. Both obedience and study are sphere in which God has placed it,

sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of necessary if one would obtain a and intelligence also is independent to act for itself. If, as the Prophet

Joseph Smith has stated, truth is independent where God has placed it, then how could a man expect to come to a full knowledge of the truth without the assistance of God?

THESE THREE

BY LORA M. CONANT

When life is chill, no coals aglow,

Back to the past my sad thoughts go.

The brightest picture that comes to me Is that of a child, a bird, a tree;

The dancing sprite, a butterfly girl,

Her arms outflung, brief skirt awhirl.

Tilting her face to the bright blue sky, She watches a cardinal blazing by.

A huge oak tree dripping red, A bird's wild flight, A small blond head—

These bring me warmth, these I may keep In winter night, when snow is deep.

Or how could one grow in intelligence without God's help? A man

may increase his knowledge independent of heavenly assistance, but

How to get the school to Johnny on time to obtain intelligence and knowledge

America will have to build about eleven required to build a school this size. And of "higher truths"one must have the

school buildings and additions a day it cost 13% to 17% 'ess than the New help of the Lord and Savior Jesus over the next three years to keep up with York State average. The secret: preChrist.

our growing educational demands. That engineered steel components were facThe commandment that the Saints

means they'll have to go up fast, but toryfabricated and shipped to the job should teach one another in all they'll also have to be solidly built and site ready to erect. A new, lighter, things that pertain unto the kingdom

steel tubular was column of stronger, city the Here's economical. how used of in order that they be God may bright, to porcelainenameled support it. did Elmira, New York, all in things prepared the when Lord steel wall panels. slender panels These 55for the ground broke contractor The forth should send is a sobering them floor increased usable by almost space 2, and I960, Dec. School Elmira on room

raised the first steel columns on March 5% and provided excellent insulation. thought. Latterday Saint scholar27, 1961. 500 elementary students Like the Elmira School, many of the ship should combine the knowledge

moved in on Sept. 9, 1961; followed by new school buildings we'll need by 1966 of the things generally known by

1000 junior high students the next sewill be built with functional, preengi- the world which are true, as well as neered a less year from than That's mester. steel components. America grows that further knowledge underand

steel. with usually half the time start to finish, about of the standing as conthings of God

tained in the gospel of Jesus Christ

United States Steel in order that they may be prepared to do what the Lord has in store

TRADEMARK

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for them. of scriptures we possess, the scholars another source. As the Prophet

To be learned is good if we and students of the Church occupy Joseph Smith declared, "And truth is hearken unto the counsels of God. a most enviable position as they knowledge of things as they are, and

Unless one seeks to further his search for truth. Truth in its highest as they were, and as they are to

knowledge and education through meaning and in its most extended come;

heavenly assistance, his knowledge and lofty expression must be learned "And whatsoever is more or less will be limited to the things of men. by and through assistance from than this is the spirit of that wicked

The Prophet Joseph Smith said at heaven through the Lord Jesus one who was a liar from the one time, "... knowledge through Christ. beginning.

our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ is Truth is related to God and what- "The Spirit of truth is of God "the grand key that unlocks the glories soever is less than truth is from (Ibid., 93:2426.)

and the mysteries of the Kingdom of

Heaven,"(DHC, V, pp. 388389.)

Latterday Saint scholarship and knowledge regarding "... things

both in heaven and in the earth, and the earth, thingsunder which have for those you love thingsbeen, are, things which which shortly tomust pass; things come SEASON'S GREETINGS are atwhich things home, which

are abroad; the wars and perplexities of the nations, and the judgments which are on the land; and a

knowledge also of countries and kingdoms-"(D&C 88:79) should always tobe approached from the standpoint

of God being the frame of reference. Truth is consistent, it is eternal, unchanged, and will so remain Caifds

forevermore. Jesus Christ is the picturing you and your family

source of the light of truth, therefore, is it not logical to assume that all truth must be learned with the assistance of God?

Those individuals who accept God and the gospel as the starting point and who seek to understand the principles and ordinances of the gospel, relying upon them as a mariner would upon his compass, will have much the advantage in seeking a knowledge of truth. If

they live righteously before God, while seeking to learn truth, they 50 CARDS with ENVELOPES $3.49

will grow and develop in their 100 CARDS with ENVELOPES $5.99

knowledge of "higher truths."KnowCHOOSE YOUR FAVORITE

ing the truth and being able to FAMILY SNAPSHOT accept one it makes free indeed delightfully most to The warm and his furtherextend understanding and personal of Christmas Greeting knowledge. He is able to grow all—and so inexpensive! Run

"from grace to grace"and the time through your favorite family may even come when he "... negativesyou want nowto appear—pick ontheyourone

may comprehend even God, being Christmas Card—and mail

quickened in him and by him."coupon below today. Your

(Ibid., 88:49.) Christmas cards will be on their

No other people have as great an envelopesway to youand inall! aOrderfew nowweeks,to

opportunity to pursue truth in the avoid disappointment!

hope of reward for their labors as do Latterday Saints. No other peoSAM'S PHOTO LAB

P.O. Box 1115, Dept. A A, Salt Lake City, Utahple in this day and time have been ILLUSTRATED: NEW

"SLIMLINE"Please find enclosed for $ as directiongiven guidand much

Photos with attached negatives. CARD -ACTUAL SIZE: Christmas for of the truth as pursuitance have Please Print 3!/2 "x 7"

Saints. thisthe Latterday of In day

living prophets, seers, and revelators SATISFACTION GUARANTEED Name to guide us and with the abundance Address ORDER NOW!

Sorry! No guarantee of delivery on City Statp

orders received after December 1. RESIDENTS of UTAH add 3% TAX L.

NOVEMBER 1962 849

letter your easy Make to! easy answer. First Steps in Genealogy 5. Beto readHelpfuland you If

(Continued from page 819) areber youraskingrequestsfor several1, 2, 3, items,etc. Itemiznum-

ing your requests will make your letter easier to answer.

Nevertheless, regardless of whom you 6. too ask for Be Reasonable—Don't write to, these rules of correspondence much expect at one time! Don't

should be followed: persons who have been active in

genealogical work for years to send 1. Letters should be clean and attracyou a copy of all the pedigree charts

tive in appearance. Don't write in and family group records in their

pencil or with red, green, or purple possession. To satisfy such a reink. A typewritten letter or one quest could involve weeks, even

written clearly and legibly in black months of copying, so offer to do or blueblack ink on a clean sheet of any copying involved.

paper will go a long way in creating 7. Offer to Share What Genealogical

a good first impression. Information relative Have! // a You

2. Courteous! Be Don't demand inforis aware that you on will pass what

mation. Ask for the assistance of information you have there is a

the person to whom you are writing. better chance of his sharing with

Enclose a stamped, addressed enveyou.

lope reply. for the

S. Be Clear! // the reader doesn't fully 8. anPlanoutlineYour first,LetterthenCarefully!a rough draft.Write

understand what you want, he can't Next go over it item by item before possibly send it to you. Don't leave preparing the final letter.

what you want to the imagination of the recipient. Ask for what you Remember, the impression you give

want in plain language. of yourself in a letter usually deterConcise! 4. Be Don't assume that the mines the kind reply of expect you can

the reader will "plough"through to receive. All too is reply often a page after page searching for one received if this factor has not neverbeen

request item. Be brief! considered.

You can assemble this new Schober Spinet Organ for $550—or half the cost of comparable instruments you have seen in stores. The job is

simplicity itself because clear, detailed stepWho Is Our Savior? seen his Father do, that he taught

instructionsbystep tell you exactly what nothing that he had not heard his little do.to it in as you can assemble And teach.

as 50 hours. ( Continued from page 801 Father

it all is beyond me.You will experience the thrill and satisfacThe mystery of

tion of watching a beautiful musical instru- I can only take the record as it ment take shape under your hands. The new anciently, "Slain from the foundation stands, and that record tells me that

Schober Electronic Spinet sounds just like of the world."He died to atone for if I obey his commandments, if I

biga concertsize organ two—with sins of keythe live Adam. as he live, would have then me thirteenboards, pedals magnificent and of us fulfil None I shall has been more lowly; reach and the destinypipe (only organ it's small tone. Yet enough

38 inches wide) to fit into the most limited none of us has died more ignominiwhich he prescribed for me, a desliving space. ously than he. But this he did for tiny of eternal progression, a destiny

You can learn to play your spinet with you and for me, that we, when we of a life in his presence, so far as my firstastounding very the ease. From day finished have careers our here, there will work permit, a destiny

into will transform simple tunesyou deeply might able, after into be going the limit that knows no to the powersatisfying experiences. musical for Then,

the rest of your life, you will realize one of tomb and paying there whatever which I may receive if I live for it.

life's rarest pleasures—the joy of creating penalty there is for us to pay, we, May the Lord grant that to each

your own music. too, may be resurrected and go back of us may come a determination to

For free details on all Schober Organs, into the presence of him who sent serve him and to keep his commandmail the coupon now. No salesman will call. us, good and bad alike. ments. May the Lord give us a

That is the the man we worshiplittle better view of our Lord and

THE SfbAoS&l /VCUMl CORPORATION not a man of high degree, worldMaster, of who he was, of his great 43 West 61st Street, New York 23, N. Y. wise; not a man of earthly power, wisdom and experience and knowlAlso available in Canada and Australia. and yet he said on one occasion: edge. Said he, "I am the way, the

MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY "Thinkest thou that I cannot now life, the light, and the truth."(John

pray Father, shall he and to my 12:46.) Over and over over and

The Organ Corporation Schober presently give than twelve again said that. me more HF11 he Dept. did not They

61st West 43 York New 23, NewStreetYork legions of angels?"(Matt. 26:53) believe him then; the world at large

Please send me FREE booklet and other never invoking his divine powers does not believe him now. But it is

literature on the Schober Organs. his for selfish merely alright, good, own our our duty, our prerogative Please the send demonstration me

for HiFiwhich is refundable the $2 benefit ways of others, for to these truths know and make them

I kit. first orderI enclose whenrecord. my all humanity, sacrificing, always lives. part of our

Name. always trying to obey the will of May the Lord be with us always

the Father, telling us over and over to this end, I humbly pray, in the

Address. that he did nothing that he had not name of Jesus. Amen.

City.... Zone... State.

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'TIS THE SEASON TO BE SPIRITUAL!

Those Arrayed in White <S '=; And because it is, why

(Continued from page 802) don't you provide your family, friends, and class "Don't forget to tell him about me, or study group with a will you?"touch of spirituality this

"About you?"he asked. holiday season?

"About me wanting to go to blind school. I want to go very bad."

"Yes, I'll tell them,"he assured THE BOOK OF her.

Yet, she learned later that Mr. MORMON

Stacy had forgotten his promise, possibly because he was too busy IN LIVING SOUND with "more important things.".. is a Deseret Book gift that

She thought of ways to help her5jD the whole family, your closest the groups friends, church and self gain entrance. she could But

will enjoy. love teach you andnot write, friends no and she had

who could do it for her. So she

could only wait and hope. 36 Completely New HiFidelity 33% L.P. Records

Months passed, months when she Magnificent 2 volume caseenclosed album with legend and fought discouragement, as she was beautiful reprints of Arnold Friberg's Book of Mormon paintings later to teach Helen Keller to fightRecorded by two of the Church's finest voices... pleasingly

Helen Keller who had had at least a alternating.

home, a mother, and money to hire Album made of the finest vinyl obtainable.

a tutor.

Then, another visitor came to Mail Coupon Today or Call or Phone Your Nearest Deseret Book Company Store.

Tewksbury. It was Frank B. Sanborn, a prominent man, who was in

a position to help her if he would.

time, This as his group went Co. DeseretSiBoohfrom to followed, ward, ward Annie

..'-**'i.... 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utahfeeling her way, the large watching

objects for direction. She was not

sure which man was Sanborn. And 2472 Washington Blvd., Ogden 777 South Main Street, Orange, California

it was about time for them to leave.

Her heart quivered within her. If Mail Orders from Salt Lake Store Only!

she lost this chance, she might never Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah of set(s) Booklet HiFi of L.P. Records plus Please of send your album 36 me another.have a sudden, desperOn

in Living of "The Book Sound."Mormonate impulse, she pushed toward the I in (plus U.S.) postage per set as follows:.60 $1 will pay $49.95

crying,group, "Mr. Sanborn, help

Full for Payment Enclosed or Check Order Amount Down Money me! Let me go to school!"by Check or Money Order Enclosed Charge to My Account, please.

One of the men came toward her, AMOUNT ENCLOSED put his hand over hers, "I'm Mr.

Sanborn. Tell me, what is it you Name

want?"Address.

It not long before was Annie was City (Residents ofZoneUtah include 3%State.sales tax}

to her school,on though there way had been the problem of what clothes she could wear. The inmates, to love her, who had come Satt *&e &ty'& "JUtvett "&otelscraped together her and supplied

with two calico dresses, a shawl,black cotton stockings, and some /HOTELMODERN COFFEETEMPLESHOPS and DININGSQUAREROOMS shoes. With the bundle, and a TELEVISION AIR CONDITIONED

geranium that one inmate had RATES: SINGLES $6.00 up DOUBLES $8 00 up TWINS SI 00 up

grown, she started out. TELETYPE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED COLLECT SU 350

At Tewksbury she had been "Little

Blind Annie"; at Perkins Institute

she was nothing more than "Big

Blind Annie,"since she was put into the beginner's class with six and sevenyear-old children who were mostly from wellto-do homes. They UXUftCf <tf OCV &*4t

felt she was beneath them, not even 75 Wett CLARENCE L. WEST, Manager

South Temple PHONE City, Sal) Lake FREE Drive /At Parking EL 5-2961 Utah

NOVEMBER 1962 851 FILMS worthy of their kindness. Just anment of mankind and the world, for

other mouth to feed in a world though she could see, she could not

AND PRINTED per roll alreadyBut crueltytoo full andof theunkindnesshungry. did bookssee well(hadenoughshe hadtothewriteability)greator

For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure SAW Roll not daunt Annie. She had a burning do many other things which she

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll desire to learn. And desire and might have liked to do. She was

her year, years, second pair. During she her Then, after two opporCOLOR FILM ambition make an undefeatable limited, and this worried her.

in dishes a large tunity washed superincame. Boston former The DEVELOPING boardinghouse during the summer tendent of the school wrote to

vacation that so she her her. her if she might pay would be He asked KODACOLOR of the interested boarders in taking of teachjob One a became 8-Exposure Roll per way.

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll interested in her, talked to her, and ing. She was interested, yes. But

Roll per finally arranged for her students her? accept would to be interShe

Printing 1Dev.2-Exposureand $3.00

It at the Catholic roll viewed read further. a regular Carney Hoswas not Reprints Color 2Qt each

COLOR SLIDES pital.tions whichIt tooksheseveralbore delicatewith courage,operatoteachinga child.job.TheShechildwas wasto bedeafa tutorand

Slides Color 135 mm Keller, almost per and mute. joy—certainly, Her mother, Mrs. with hope! from

exp., Dev. and 20 Mount $ 1.35 roll It than a year's time, Tuscumbia, Alabama, took more somewanted Slides Color 135 per mm

36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll then finally she could see. She could one badly. The girl's name was

Color Movie per see the color of flowers, the silver Helen.

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll of water, the leaves. But her sight Having no better offer and feelStill, perfect. this a insmall not ing she opportunity, she was was PHOTOS GENEALOGY finitely grateful. accepted. could Tewksbury, where At She on go off OLD NEGATIVES MADE her with of the old a deaf she happiness studies with were had many 60c each. PHOTOS, PRINTS not sign language, so she guessed knew by those who had always learned of NEGATIVE, 4c each

sight. as that as well had through Braille. And

Send coin only - no CO.D.'s In four years she was graduated her years of struggle she had learned

MoneyBack Guarantee from Perkins. And her work and kindness and courage and built an

she need so badly. She was chosen valedictorian of her handicaps SAM'S enthusiasm had been so great that indomitable spirit which those with PHOTO LABUtah P. O. Box 1 11 5 Dept, AA Salt Lake City, class. learned selfdiscipline. the When, in

But for her graduation she had no play, she shakes the child almost pretty dress like the other girls, no angrily, one knows she does it for pretty dress at all. the ultimate strength of the child's

the repeats that the said water superintendent the she under and had RISK!NO One of her teachers had told her soul. And when she holds her hand "water,"until over over word, to Miss Folsom and was whoMASON'S it, learns the child President Cleveland. FUND RAISING PLAN resembledmarry what know we Now,

OFFERS $500 OR MORE PROFIT! the teacher—Mrs. Hopkins—surprised persistency means, also patience.

counthe throughout of groupsThousands told, Bible the are to In a dress identical her "What making by we famous successfully conductedtry have in these dress, are are (of arrayed which graduation Folsom's Miss DRIVES, FUNDRAISING PROTECTEDMASON "..?".... are they white picture) a she obtained These which had withcompletelyraising quickly and money

out risk or investment. We supply a choice all white with two wide lace ruffles which came out of great tribulaof topquality mason candies, beautifully and a pink sash. The girl had never tion,..."(Rev. 7:1314.)

boxed. At no charge to you, each package had a beautiful dress, let alone one When those who have come up,

has an attractive, printed band, bearing like this. She was moved to tears. stumbling, falling, seeking, lift others

slopicture and organization's name,your tribulation, greater state of from the even the Governor up When charges! You shippinggan. prepay even We to to admire, then graduation introduced Annie on bound we are on of (400 big profit a netmake 66%% great, great say, happily. arose night, she pink shall be The how How pay you costs that ) and youevery box 60$

nothing until after your drive is over. roses on the sash gave her courage their reward, and how white the

Anything remaining unsold may be reand selfconfidence. garments in which they shall be

turned for full credit. For complete inforRoses and clothes were not the arrayed.

mation without obligation, write us or fill chief concern of Anne Sullivan Macy in the coupon below. as those who heard her speech that

night realized. She wanted to

Dept. 978 Rausch, George Mr. said, serve. part, she In are "We

N.Y. Mineola, 549, Mason, Box

... into the going out world busy without obligaPlease send me, Gentlemen:

tion, information on your Fund Raising Plan. to take our share of life's burdens "Youth—conviction—courage—make

Age Name (If under 21) and do our little to make the world a combination potentially capable of

Organization better, wiser, and happier. Selfculture is a benefit, not only to the determining the kind of world we

Street Address individual but to mankind."

City State Yet she knew no way that she shall live in."

How many members Phone could really contribute to the better-—President David O. McKay >-.

Mason Candies, Inc., Mineola, L. I., N. Y.

852 the improvement era The Pride of Red Eagle

(Continued from page 839)

darkness, clinging to the blankets of the high bed in the strange clothes the white men had given him to sleep in, the white men's food heavy as winter meat inside him. He listened to the fearful sounds of the

unfamiliar night and longed for the comfort of his blanket on the floor of his father's lodge. He longed for

his mother's gentle hand upon him when he stirred from a bad dream.

The pain and fear were indeed a captive bird fluttering in his heart.

Only the pride his father had taught him kept him from crying out.

The sun was not yet showing over the great mountains when Red Eagle left his bed. He dressed without

making a sound, took up his bow and his five true arrows, and crept from the school lodge into the chill air of early morning. He walked

down the white men's roads, lined with their strange and many colored lodges, toward the great mountains.

How proud his father would be when he proved himself a worthy hunter and brought to the village elk and deer and bear enough for all the lodges. Perhaps he could find

a place among the tall trees where the water ran swift for them to build their lodges, where their animals could graze and drink and grow fat, and they could drink the cool water till they had their fill, and never thirst again. The sun was high above him when TASTE ITS TINGLING TARTNESS

he reached the foot of the great Here's Sprite... the spark-a-ling new soft drink that's

mountains. He followed the white

men's road into the canyon between brisk and bright, crystalclear and icylight. Taste its

two of the great mountains. A river tingling tartness in the bright green bottle with the

ran behind a stone wall at the side of the road, and he stopped and bubbles. From the same company that bottles CocaCola.

leaned over the wall to look at it.

The water rushed and roared over the shining rocks—more water than

Red Eagle had ever seen. He staredlong at it, looking for the silver fish, WHEAT MILL FAMOUS NAME

but all he saw were rocks and metal ONLYcans and paper caught among the TYPEWRITERS rocks that took away the clean look $695 ADDING MACHINES of the water. POSTPAID

ANYWHERE high, sun of the midday The heat IN THE STATES CALCULATORS do, UNITED he must of whatreminded him grinds or Cracks His started to walk again. heand

corn wheat, and DUPLICATORS all like a hunof hard kinds growled stomachempty gry bear, and he longed for the good ORDER l'/2or lbs.soff pergrains,min.berries and nuts the elders told of. BY MAIL GUARANTEED DICTAPHONES

But the stone wall of the river wason one side of the white men's road, SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS SCHREYERB TYPE RIGHT*- 3.STORE

PEHRSON HARDWARE YOUR Otumpiet issnnsi DEALER 2115 So 1 lth East, Salt Lake City 28 WEST FIRST SOUTH DA 8-9726

NOVEMBER 1962 853 I DOWNTOWN GTv-1& COTTONWOOD and the rocks of the great mountain <.—-> famous Mormon on the other. His feet began to hurt

the road. hardness of the from His i'RAYI.K THE Choir Tabernacle

li VOLUMELORD'S five true and arrows grew bow < Uil* CHOIR Records; nlHl f'.a}NHifTABERNACLE on Columbia nil'. MORMONRICH VRD

lugenk the philadelphiaorm \nv. comuchv,orchestra heavy. White men's noisy cars

The Lord's rushed by him, and he walked far to the edge of the road to keep out of

Prayer vol. 2 their way.

latest release recorded in the Tabernacle with When his heart had almost given

Philadelphia Orchestra up, he suddenly saw the forest beML hifi records 4.98 forea smallhim.roadTallthatpineswas andlike birchthe roadsand

MS stereo 5.98 of his people. He followed the small

Mormon Tabernacle Choir Sings Christmas Carols ML 5222 road until he came to a path that led 6068 5386, MS Lord's (Phila.), vol. 1 ML Prayer The 6100 deep into the trees. Here the earth 5423, Spirit MS ML Christmas of The

The Holly and the Ivy ML 5592, MS 6192 was soft to his feet. The trees shaded

Christmas Carols Around the World ML 5684, MS 6284 out the heat of the sun. He stood

THE GREAT ORGAN AT THE MORMON TABERNACLE ML 5425, MS 6101

Alexander Schreiner at the Organ

MORMON Tabernacle Organ Recital ML 5615, MS 6215

Frank Asper, Organist Handel Messiah—2 record set HiFi 9.98, Stereo 11.98

Mail orders filled same day. Shipping charges 14c one album, 5c each additional. GYPSY EARTH

Utah residents add 3% sales tax. BY FRANCES GORMAN R1SSER

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Here is your opportunity to spend your

Saturday evenings, 7:30-9:00 p.m.. on all The Earth said, "I've had flowered

ucl ivity that will stimulate and enrich your hats life. And dresses of grass green,

Then later, robes of burnished gold,

So it's time I was seen In something tailored—this white

gown Touched with dull green and gray

Is just exactly right for such

A freezing winter day!"

SCHOLARS BY 6 GOSPEL PRESENTED LECTURES INSPIRING 24 $1.00 But Earth forgot her Gypsy heart—Single Lecture of 4-$3.00 Ticket $10.00 A series Season

Please makeCitycheck16, payableUtah, Yourlo "BYU,"desiredandticketmail willto 200be No.returnedMain Street,immeNo matter how she tried Salt Lake

diately. To like her dignified attire,

felt dissatisfied. She IN PEARL HORIZONS NEW OF MORMON BOOK TODAY LAND THE HOLY

PRICE RESEARCH GREAT OF M.B.A. B. Robinson, Phileon Ph.D. Hilton, "It M. Lynn needs a pink rose broach"she

Ed.D. R. Clark, James 15, Dec. 22, 1962 8, 1962 Dec. 1, 17, 24; Nov.

1963 Feb. 2,9, 19, 26; Jan. 12, Jan. 1963 5, said,

THE OF TEACHINGS THE IN CHURCH MUSIC BIBLE LITERATURE cherries, necklace SMITH "Or JOSEPH PROPHET of red

Ph.D. Gates, Crawford M.A. K. Thomas, Robert L. D.S.S. Andrus, Hyrum I'll with make do 1963 But 4,18, bracelets of 20, 27; May 1963 Apr. Apr. 13, 30; 16,23, 2, 9, 1963 Mar. Mar. Feb. 16, 23;

These crimson holly berries!"

All lectures held at the Ensign 3rd and 4th

Ward Chapel, 465 "K"Street, 7:30-9:00 p.m.

still and breathed deep of the scents "KNOW the LATTERDAY SCRIPTURES"of the forest. He felt the coolness

7,000 Scriptures on Mormon Doctrine PLUS 600 on his arms and face, the softness of

Passages on the Offices and Duties

Arr. fromhood. Compiled and BOOK OFof theMORMON,PriestIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS the grass beneath his feet. He lisandDOCTRINE COVENANTS, tened of to the scampering sounds simple of Canker, in treatment Aids 560 Pages - - andCloth G.- P.$2.95 | P. Boundof

small animals, the call of the wild throat j sore minor the and other BIBLE"mouth (King Version) JamesSize"KNOWSW'xSVz"

Vital Principles Questions57 on Gospel and and throat irritations. birds, the rustling of the wind in the scriptures, LivingChristian by 3,000 answered

PLUS 100 pgs. of Valuable Info, on the Bible. tall trees, the rush of the water of

Biblical L.D.S. of the Church. and TRUTH PROOF the distant river, of the gurgle and 8th Pgs.-Flex. Bdg.-$1.95 Ed.-5V2"x8"-340 HALL'S REMEDY the stream. BENJAMIN nearby indeed, ALWARD Here, Salt Lake City. Utah211 Ave. Seventh City Salt Lake Utah forest of the the was elders the north L.D.S. All atAlso Bookstores Available Dealers and 3,

told of. Here his people could

NEW! live. And they would not be hungry.

HEIGHT ADJUSTING MECHANISM The most economical food wrap And they would not thirst.

PULPIT CHAPEL FOR knelt the beside Red Eagle you can use:!

CLASS STAGE & LECTERN ROOM stream bubbling and put his hands Lock""Touch Pad"& - "Float "Sturdy PRICED & Silent"AT $97.50 &

PAUL FADDIS DESIGN & MFG. CO. KITCHEI1 CHflRITl

3630 Christine St. Salt Lake City, Utah WAXED PAPER

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hundreds of Thousands The World Around into the cold water, watching fascinated, as the water washed over and around and between his fingers. He Have Loved These Books by Ora Pate Stewart

cupped his hands and lifted water again and again, closing his eyes to ) PAGESFor youngFROMor THEold—BOOKa familyOF EVEbook. A classic of American humor. $3.00

splash against his face. He leaned ) GLEANINGS $2.50

down to drink from the stream. Poems to cherish and quote.

Never had he known water could ) BROWN LEAVES TURNING $2.50

especially other comforting. and poems—"Hands"before sotaste good. had Never he ) I TALK CHILDREN $2.00 ABOUT MY taste that of did not waterdrunk children Wit, of and wisdom wonder like your own. much

of sand or leave grit within his ) MOPEY THE MOP $2.00

mouth. He drank until he could The grandmothers'favorite. Delightful for children of all ages.

drink no more, savoring the feel ) GODThe PLANTEDIsrael itish AFamily.TREE Especially helpful to students of the Bible. $1.00

of the running, washing coolness ) BRANCHES OVER THE WALL $1.00

against his face. Story of the Book of Mormon. MIA reading course selection.

Red Eagle looked up through the ) TREASURESLittle knownUNEARTHEDfacts about the Book of Mormon. $1.00

tall trees into the sky and his heart ) A LETTER TO MY SON $1.00

told the Great Spirit of his gratitude. The book for everyone over twelve.

He forgot the hungry bear that ) A ALETTERhope chestTO MYitemDAUGHTERfor all girls. $1.00

was his stomach in the excitement ) WE BELIEVE $1.00

of the great forest. He searched the Articles of Faith, simplified.

ground for tracks, walking as his ) THISThingsWORDwe areOFentitledWISDOMto know. $1.00

father had taught him, until he ) DEAR LAND OF HOME $1.00

found prints like the deer tracks his The Zeniff story. A story of liberty—lost and found.

father had drawn in the sand. Red ) FROM WHERE I STOOD $1.00

tell and retell.Eagle followed the trail slowly. It Selected reporting—from the heart. Stories you will

was harder to trail a forest animal Autographed and gift wrapped.

than the lizards and snakes of the desert. The deer tracks mingled ORA PATE STEWART

with the prints of other animals and 11282 Anctbel Ave.

those of man, and he often had to Garden Grove, California stop and search for the trail among the leaves and sticks that covered the ground.

The trail led deep into the forest through bushes that scratched and If your objectives are branches that caught at his bow and at his clothes. He saw small animals HIGH PROFITS

he did not know scamper into the A BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN bushes, but they were too small to MINIMUM PERSONAL SUPERVISION waste his arrows. He wanted the FINANCIAL SECURITY

for his father enoughbig deer—big

small ASSOCIATION WITH SUCCESSFUL two his mother and hisand sisters—big enough to give of it to BUSINESSMEN...

his neighbors.

The sun leaned far into the west Investigate a DayNite Sunshine Center Franchise featuring the finest coinand the first shadows of darkness operated Wash and Dry Clean equipment by PhilcoBendix—National

came purple down the mountains Identification—Best Local Parts and Service—Best Advertising and Prointo the tall trees of the forest. But motion—Liberal BankRate Financing.

still Red Eagle saw no deer. He

walked fearfully now, straining to Here is an investment packed with the appeal that draws high traffic, cash see into the darkening brush. Night income and continuing profits. Here is the company that received the Philco

noises of the forest began. The Corporation President's Award as their leading distributor in 1961. Here

of clicking of sticks, thesnapping is the firm that planned and built the store that won the title of "Most Beauani- of hidden pantinginsects, the mals. Red Eagle crept slowly, tiful CoinOp in the Nation."

squinting into the bushes around him, hardly daring to breathe lest he be heard and a bear or a mountain lion spring out at him. Suddenly Choice franchise locations are

just ahead of him, he saw the now available in Utah, Idaho, comforting flame of fire, and he ran Nevada and Wyoming. (Idea

toward it. Surely the tribes of the business for absentee ownernorth forest would be friendly to ship.) You owe it to yourself to

him. The elders often spoke of how call, write or wire collect.

NOVEMBER 1962 855 A TOTAL ELECTRIC the wars of the nations had ended have their own place to live, with when the white man became their streams of water and with food, or did Eagle they would die? Red enemy. GOLD common of white not understand. ways The into the clearing of the fire He ran

and stopped short. For there, inmen were indeed strange.

MEDALLION firesteadglowedof lightingon thefriendlypale faces,faces theof theRedeldersEagle toldrememberedof whitethe men'stales white men. cruelty, and he listened to their

HOME thenThetheywhitelaughedmen staredand talked—manyat him, and laughterheart. with fear fluttering in his

at once and very fast. Red Eagle The white men threw water and

took a step backward, thinking to dirt on the fire until the red coals escape; but the white men grabbed did not glow. They lit strange metal

him and dragged him closer to the fires in their hands. A woman picked

fire. They turned him around and up Red Eagle's bow and his true

around to look at him. Laughing arrows and put them into his arms.

and talking fast in the way of white They left the clearing, pushing Red men. One word only did he underEagle along the trail between them.

stand: Indian. He clutched his bow and the three

One of the men took his bow and true arrows tight against him, swalhis true arrows. He shot an arrow lowing down the wild bird of fear.

A wonderful new high into the trees, then another! The white men pushed him into

their cars. of sat far back one He laughed. Another white men

his carefully way to live The the corner holding a long in plate with metal took a man handle out of the fire, and Red bow and his true arrows. The white

Eagle saw that it held round pieces men laughed and talked. One of

of meat. The man who shot his the women said, School. That word

knew. Eagle Red his his arrows dropped and bow CO. LIGHT UTAH & POWER after stopped, time a long car The grass. the Eagle on arrows Red dealmr from your Boy now fear, of the lodge the big before to of at not but did looked them bend

pick them up. He stood stiff and school. They pulled Red Eagle from

proud, the fear of a captured bird the car and took him inside the in his heart. school lodge. The white men of the

One of the white women gave forest said many things to the white him some of the meat between two men of the school. Red Eagle stared

pieces of white men's bread. Red straight before him, his head proudly

Eagle did not take it. She said high. One of the white men of the

something and held it to his mouth. school asked in Red Eagle's tongue:

He clenched his teeth and stared "What were you doing in the forest?"

straight ahead. The white men Red Eagle did not answer. "Did you

laughed and said, Indian, again. The want to go back to the lodge of your

white woman said many things to father? Did you feel sick?"Red

him and tried to put the meat into Eagle did not speak. The white

his hand. Red Eagle doubled up men of the forest went out of the

his hand and held it tightly closed. school lodge, still laughing.

The woman turned from him and The white men of the school asked began to eat the meat herself. Red Red Eagle if he were hungry. The

Eagle did not move but stood stiff bear that was his stomach gnawed and proud while they ate their meat. for food, but Red Eagle did not

Red Eagle wondered. Did the speak. They took him into the eatwhite men live in the forest? Where ing room and gave him milk and

were their lodges? Why did they white man's bread. The bear inside

build their lodges in the village if him was hungry indeed, and Red they lived here? Was this the camp Eagle ate.

of hunters? If so, why were women One of his own people came when

here? Why did they come so far he had finished and took hold of

into the forest? Did they not know his hand and led him down the

they would drive the deer and elk school lodge to the room where the

PLEASE SEND FREE and bear back too far? Did they rain came out of the walls. He took HOME Eagle's true arrows and bow if the STUDY CATALOG not the Red grazing and know

to: took a box. on and laid them He hunting of grounds the animals were NAME

clothes Eagle's and off Red made starve, the animals and would ADDRESS taken rain walls the the and come from a man's there would meat for be no

CITY Eagle. Red in the long winter? STATE lodge they washed Did

mail to Home Study all that creatures medicine on the scratches must not know He put YOUNG UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM

PROVO, UTAH

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA on Red Eagle's face and arms, dressed him in white men's sleeping clothes, and led him to the room. ofthe beds. The other boys were ROTOTAG

sleeping. He helped Red Eagle to your sheep,

climb upon the tall bed. He put cattle, hogs

his bow and the three true arrows on the box beside the bed. He said, this new, positive,

"These are true arrows. This is astrong bow. Did your father make EASY WAYthem?"

Red Eagle said, "I made them."

"What a fine job for so young a brave,"he said. "You will bring pride

to the lodge of your father."He

pulled the white men's blankets up to Red Eagle's face. "You were very

brave,"he said, "to go into the forest alone. You are young to hunt. Only ONE OPERATION... Click! Finished!

a very brave hunter would go alone."Ear pierced, tag locked. PERMAfixed, out! won't... Once tear

colors! nylon 6 vivid...He turned out the small light and NENTCOLORED

left the room. Many combinations of colors if re-

... is quired. Revolutionary latest Rototag Pure new HYGIENIC method germsoft relaxed into the Eagle Red

free nylon! of LETear- tagging. easy. NUMBERED Fast and swings Rototag—of the bed.warmness brave Often... clear Large. TERED numbers and freely tear out. won't Fenceproof! Brush-

. letters. DON'T CATCHhunters to nothing found at which proof! Tamperproof!.. Large easily numbers

rotate of.. toRototags trouble! catch. loop out No their readable bright on background. returnedbend and empty bows or Your name

to the village. It was nothing to consecutive numbers (up to 8 digits) imORDER FROM

free. Priced from $3.50 per 25 tagsshame a man. and The deer elkprintedto per $62 thousand. Special applicainc. frightened beenhad away. But pliers, tor $5. information, For more NASCO,Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin

there must be other places in the see inside cover of Nasco catalog. P.O. Box 6895, Denver 16, Colorado

great forests of the mountains where or write for your FREE copy. P.O. Box 1409, Santa Barbara, California

his arrows could find the swiftfooted deer.

The forests were large for a hunter alone. Perhaps the white men of

the school would let many hunt together. Perhaps together they could

find places for their villages. Perhaps the white men knew where the

deer and elk and bear lived, for they had meat.

Red Eagle's eyes grew heavy with the sands of sleep. He would

make more true arrows. He would

make a stronger bow. He would yet

bring pride to the lodge of his father.

A magnificently produced volume including the King

James Version of the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the

IMPROVEMENT Doctrine and Covenants, the Pearl of Great Price, and Eldin Ricks'Combination Reference. Bound in

BY RUTH G. ROTHE topgrainfull color. cowhide and containing 72 illustrations in $42.95

Do not look back on yesterdays Wheelwright971 South WestPublications,Temple, SaltInc.Lake City, Utah

Unless it is with pleasure; Have representative call and show me the

The minutes spent in blind regret Holy Scriptures.

Are paying double measure; Iarea.am interested in sales dealership for my

Mistakes are made. I will buy a book. Enclosed is a check or

We see our fault money order for $42.95 plus tax.

And try to mend our way, Name By being sure we do not make The same mistake today.... Zone State

NOVEMBER 1962 857 FOR THE PERSONAL WELFARE COMMITTEE

6. Rehabilitate, help procure employment or find

better employment for quorum members whose economic status needs improving.

A PROBLEM:

A quorum member is struggling with his farm. He has

had difficulty because of crop failures and some bad decisions, until now he is nearly broke. It is winter,

and the spring will soon be here. He should get the

fertilizer onto the land, but he has no spreader and discovers that to buy one would add to his financial difficulties. Besides he could get no more credit. Now

notice, he is not a welfare case. He has not told the

bishop of his troubles, nor has he hinted to his quorum president that he faces loss of all he possesses. He

starts with an old wagon to haul fertilizer, but his daily average is so small that he'll never get enough on the land to do much good. Neighbors and others

passing his farm notice that he is using hand methods but don't stop to ask why. One remarks "He is surely

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA an improvident man."Another tells a friend, "He's soul into the glow of brotherhood which the priesthood

a poor farmer."Consensus of opinion is that he's is expected to foster and enlarge.

on the weak side. One of the obligations of the factfinding and

From observation one might conclude that these reporting committee should be to know the number remarks are true. There is nothing which builds of pieces of farm machinery available to help a situaself-righteousness in a man quite so rapidly as to see tion when needed. A quorum is not guiltless if there

someone making mistakes that he isn't making. One are ten spreaders available and a man is using a wagon

thing this man has which is forgotten by those who and working by hand against odds.

observe but don't help—pride. He has the pride to Some quorums are located in cities. Farm help is

want to "make it"on his own, without help. And he unnecessary and unavailable. But a man may be tryhas a feeling that he was born to be of help to the ing to rear a large family on a small income. His house

Church, not to accept things from the Church: so if he needs painting and is running down from heavy use.

is asked he will usually refuse either to admit that he What would happen if 100 bottles of fruit appeared needs it or to accept it. on the porch (90 members at 1 1/10 bottle each person)

There is no doubt that if the man thus plagued by or even if an encouraging hand were offered—an incircumstance were ill enough to be in bed the memcreasing affection and attention being given, as the

bers of his quorum would fertilize his land, plow, burden increased? Surely city quorums also have ways

plant, and ultimately harvest his crop. He would pull and means to improve the lot of their brethren

out because the cost of labor would be nil, and the where needed.

harvest would pay his way. In cities the pay envelope is the source of income

What would happen, one wonders, if the men for a man. Often the total pay does not reach the

owning ten manure spreaders, all within a radius of amount of the total expense. If this keeps up long

two miles should show up some day and do his enough, a quorum member is in financial difficulty.

fertilizing in one day, then help seed and harvest in In this type of situation, a quorum may perform like manner. In this one year he could pay off tasks for the troubled brother for which he may

enough to see daylight. normally have to pay, but which by their labor, make

Which is more important, to help the man in need it possible for him to apply the amount involved on when he is completely down, or to meet him on the his debts. This includes all kinds of house repair,

way down, help turn him around, and give him a car repair if mechanics are quorum members, or good start on the way up? The first is obvious and clothing donations. There are others. Many men

often done. The second, not always discernible, is have suits which are good but not being used. If

rarely done. they fit the needy man, why should he not wear them?

No one wants help when he is struggling against These need not be given on the basis of being needed odds, if he feels pride. But such a one cannot refuse but rather "Can you use this suit?"

help if it comes upon him with love and goodwill. The Somehow, helping out with the physical needs

quorum which does this will not only save the ecowarms his spirit also. No man can long resist love

nomic life of its brother, but it will also warm his properly expressed in a dignified, manly manner.

NOVEMBER 1962 859 "I WAS AFRAID"

"I was afraid."This statement has been expressed

by many Aaronic Priesthood men over 21 as the reason for their nonparticipation in church activities. HE Helping these men to control their fears is the primary

concern of those who are called to work with them.

It is an essential step in the process of motivating PKESIDIN them to accept responsibility and to become active in their priesthood and church functions.

"I was afraid."This simple but meaningful expresBISHOPRY'S

sion has been voiced by men and women in all ages since the very beginning. Adam, when he was called

in the Garden of Eden answered, "... PAC by the Lord God

I heard thy voice ip the garden, and I was afraid, because I beheld that I was naked, and I hid myself."

(Moses 4:16.)

In Jesus'parable of the talents, the slothful servant who failed to put his talent to useful service admitted the reason for his failure in these mournful words: "... I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent

in the earth:..."(Matthew 25:25.)

"I was afraid."If the inner feelings of people were

openly voiced, this admission of fear would be perhaps one of the most commonly used expressions in the lives of men and women. Fear is one of the

greatest forces for good or for evil in the world. Our

fears seem to mold our characters either to our advantage or disadvantage. The result depends upon

whether we make it our slave or our master.

Fear can create within us a boundless respect for

God and for each other. It can create within us

great forceful drives and magnificent goals. It can

give incentive for wonderful accomplishment. It can

add to our physical strength and intellectual power.

It can be a servant of great worth.

On the other hand, fear in its many forms and facts has been the cause of men's failures. It has

shattered dreams and destroyed visions. It has kept

men from attaining life's greatest goals and obtaining its greatest rewards. It has been one of the chief

causes and oft admitted reasons for inactivity in the

Church. It has robbed otherwise wonderful men of

salvation. It has deprived families of the blessings

of the Melchizedek Priesthood in their homes. It has

kept men and women from receiving their endowments and sealings. It has limited people from joygiving service.

Fear has many faces. It expresses itself in doubts,

jealousy, discouragements, despair, insecurity, and feelings of inferiority. Men are afraid of people, of

what others may say or think about them, of failure, of loss of social stature, of health, of loss of prestige or position. Men fear pain and death and the unknown future. Fear often leads to frustration and

II /

to a state of mental anxiety. Recognition of fear and a sincere desire to control

Fear frequently intensifies itself and becomes a it is the first step in the conquest. Prayer too is essencompulsion. It reaches a stage where it subsists as tial. God waits to be an invited partner in helping

an uncontrollable force. When this happens, man in men to master their fears. This, followed by a planned

and of himself is helpless in its clutches. It is here and courageous action, will surely make any man the

that man needs friends and needs them badly. In master of his own destiny. One great thinker in

such cases, it is only with outside aid that fear can substance has said, "Force yourself to do the things be brought under control. The invited help of the you fear to do and keep on doing them until you

Lord and of loving friends who care are greatly build for yourself a record of successful experience."

needed. The seemingly helpless man can often be You who are called to work with Aaronic Priestfreed from his fears by a few words of encouragehood men who are inactive in the Church should

ment, by an arm around the shoulder, or an expression recognize the fears and inhibitions with which they of appreciation and praise. Men can overcome their are beset. Realize the potential power for good and

individual fears by the power they reap from the bad of these fear forces. Bring them into proper focus

encouragement of others. The combined strength of and give the necessary personal direction and aid to

the group becomes the strength of each member of get them under control.

the group. Man is enabled with such help to again "I was afraid."Make this postulate a reason for

make his fears his servants. successful action rather than an excuse for a misdeed.

THE ATONEMENT WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT FOR DECEMBER

"For behold, I, God, have suffered these things for their sins. Men can stop sinning and can do right in

all, that they might not suffer if they tvould repent; the future,... (and) the Lord... will forgive us for

"But if they would not repent they must suffer even the past if we will observe the laws honestly in the as I;..."(D&C 19:1617.) future."(Joseph F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine, p. 98.)

These words of the Savior express one of the reasons When Adam and Eve transgressed and were sent for his suffering, his death, and his resurrection. from the Garden of Eden, they became mortal and

Everyone has transgressed some laws of the gospel. were subject to death. Since mortal man has no power

God and Christ knew this would occur, so in the plan over death, it was necessary for Christ to break the of salvation it was provided that a Savior would come bands of death by his voluntary death and resurrecto earth to redeem men from their sins and save them tion. Thus he conquered death and provided a

from this suffering. President John Taylor said, resurrection for all mankind, which resurrection is

"... Jesus assumed the responsibility which naturally another effect of the atonement of Christ. "We would

would have devolved upon Adam; but which could have had to lay down these bodies, never to rise from

only be accomplished through the mediation of Himthe tomb, if there had been no atonement; our spirits

self, and by taking upon Himself their sorrows, would have been forever subject to that being that assuming their responsibilities, and bearing their transtempted our first parents, and we could not have gressions or sins.... He bore the weight of the sins of helped ourselves. Hence, the Son of God came forth

the whole world, not only of Adam, but of his posterity."and made an atonement, not for himself, but for and

(John Taylor, Mediation and Atonement, p. 148.) in behalf and in the name of his younger brethren,

Forgiveness of sins is provided by the atonement that they, through his blood, and through certain of Christ, but this forgiveness must be earned by conditions of the Gospel, might receive forgiveness individual effort in observing the laws and ordinances for their sins."(Orson Pratt, Journal of Discourses

of the gospel, including faith, repentance, baptism, 7:85.) Without Christ's atonement for the transgresand laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, sions of Adam and all men, we would have remained

and by continued righteous living. President Joseph spirits forever, never receiving salvation and exaltation

F. Smith once said, "When we commit sin, it is necesnor forgiveness of our sins.

sary that we repent of it and make restitution as far Christ volunteered to give his life to bring about as lies in our power. When we cannot make restitution our salvation and exaltation because of his love for

for the wrong we have done, then we must apply for us. Through the atonement, this love is extended to

the grace and mercy of God to cleanse us from that everyone by universal resurrection for all mankind iniquity. Men cannot forgive their own sins; they and by forgiveness of sins for those who repent and

cannot cleanse themselves from the consequence of obey the laws of the gospel.

NOVEMBER 1962 861 TODAY'S FAMILY, FLORENCE PINNOCK, EDITOR

LET'S BEGIN WITH

Take your imagination on tour for a few minutes. just a few of these rich experiences: a colorful sunrise,

Stretch out long and languid on a comfortable bed, let an invigorating walk, a view from a mountaintop, a your muscles go limp and your thoughts tense up. child's smile, the twinkle in the eye of an elderly

Imagine one by one everything you have is taken person, the sound of a lullaby, a mothers gentle from you. Begin with you, yourself. That feeling touch, a father's proud nod of approval, a trout jumpof zest and health is gone, those dearest to you have ing in a silent pool, a strong hand reaching out for

disappeared, your home is a thing of the past—nothing. yours. This list is really endless. Let your imagination

The sun isn't shining, no water to drink, no warmth soar again and add to this list of enjoyments.

of fire, not a breath of fresh air—nothing. No church Thankfulness should extend far in every direction.

in which to worship, no ideals to live by, no Father Appreciation is linked firmly to thankfulness. Apprein heaven to trust—nothing. No work to do, no ciation is the outer manifestation of inner gratefulness.

laughter to hear, no fun to enjoy—nothing. Schools It is so easy to say thank you by word and act.

are closed, all books have been burned, good conversation is a thing of the past, nothing to stir the mind- "Said old Gentleman Gay, 'On just nonentity. a Thanksgiving Day

Now bring all these things, plus the other hundred If you want a good time, then give and one things you take for granted and own and something away.'

enjoy and love, back into being. How rich can a—Marion Douglas

person be? Count your blessings one by one and

raise up your heart and voice in thanksgiving. As the year comes to an end, "count your blessings;

A price cannot be placed on our blessings. If name them one by one"and audibly say, "Thank you."

someone should give you a million dollars, what Thanksgiving time recalls many different memories couldn't you buy? Topping this long list would be to each one. Memories of families gathered together

friends. You can't buy a real friend; you have to around a table heavy with food is a favorite one to

earn him. A wise young fellow, as he graduated from many of us. When asked, a greatgrandmother

college, made the statement, "The things I have enrecalled the Thanksgiving table of days gone by.

joyed the most haven't cost me a penny."Let us list Dessert wasn't just the calorielacking morsel as we

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA like to think of it today. Dessert was a

parade of pies marching down the center of a 12foot table. These pies

served two purposes. First, they were

the centerpiece, second, they were the timehonored dessert, the luscious ending of a feast. This Thanksgiving day

dinner could happily end with just one of the following delicious pies. A

pie is a love letter, gentle, tender, light;

making happy the spirit and warming the heart.

Basic Pie Crust (2 crust pie)

2 cups sifted all purpose flour 1 teaspoon salt % cup chilled shortening 5 or 6 tablespoons ice cold water

Sift together the flour and salt, cut in the shortening until it is the size of small peas. Sprinkle the cold water over the

mixture, just until the dough is moist enough to hold together, stirring it lightly. Divide the dough in half. Roll

each part out in a circle so as to fit a pie

NOVEMBER 1962 863 ADVERTISEMENT BETTER LIVING pan. Fit it in the pan loosely. slightly. Gradually add some of the

by DON LYMAN hot mixture to the yolks, mixing

Graham Cracker Crust rapidly. Add to the pumpkin mixnatural diet of dailyFortify a good boiler in the double ture cook and \Vz cracker crumbs cups graham Mix Supply Daily Lyman's withfoods constantly. stirring until thickened,

Vi together. lightly sugar cup and your will furnishTablets. These water. in the cold gelatin Soften the

it butter. in softened Vi cup Cut Add all from elements, 44 somebody stir until custard hot to the and into Press an Add water. 1 tablespoon Min- 8 Vitamins, 16 sources:natural it filling until the dissolved. Cool in layer pan. cake 325 Bake ex- 8-inch food other pure pluserals 20 the egg thicken. to Beat begins

F. minutes. 10 degree Cool oven believe concentratestracts we and

may be helpful. Less than 2c per before adding filling.

tablet! Order yours today. Use

handy coupon. Corn Flake Crust

-K * * * Combine IV2 cups crushed corn MY FAITH

Reduce your daily calorie intake by flakes, V4 cup sugar, and xk cup BY PEGGY WINDSOR GARNETT drinking safe, delicious Sure Meal. melted butter. Press into an 8-inch

Sure Meal mixes readily with milk layer cake pan. Chill before adding

to furnish a lowcalorie, highprotein filling. How can these dogwood boughs he

food supplement. Easy to use, it gay again

comes in four tasty flavors. Use Cheese Pastry When now they are as smooth as

coupon below for your order. polished wood?

Mix together 1 cup flour, xk teaspoon How can the dull magnolias once * * * * salt, Vs cup shortening, and V2 cup that stood

Use new Basic-H, the liquid organic grated Cheddar cheese. Blend with To hold their petaled cups, again be

cleaner for all your cleaning needs. two knives or a pastry blender until vain?

Basic-H is a scientific breakthrough! the pieces are about the size of small And will this land, so miserable,

Safe, because it is nontoxic, nonpeas. Add 2 tablespoons water, a remain

irritating, nonmagnetic, nonvola- few drops at a time and toss lightly As barren thought or soon return to tile. It is not a soap, not a deterwith a fork. Shape the pastry togood;

gent. It contains no acids, no alkalis, gether gently with the hands. Boll Where daffodils in ruffled yellow

no kerosene, no solvents. Basic-H is out and fit into pie tin or cut into hood

at last the ideal, allround cleaning 8 pieces and fit into individual tart Will march, a thousand strong, in product for the home! Use it for pans. Bake at 450 degrees F. for pewter rain?

hands, dishes, clothes, all general about 10 minutes. Cool. My faith is sure that dogwoods will

cleaning, and bathing. Also cleans be white,

fruits and vegetables. If you're Chocolate, Coconut Shells Magnolias pink, and over dreary

looking for a fine product for fundground raising projects, then Basic-H is the Melt 2 squares of unsweetened The golden daffodil is spring's reanswer. Or, you may sell it on a chocolate and 2 tablespoons butter. ward;

full or parttime basis. Send coupon Dissolve % cup powdered sugar in And I shall be reborn to gain new

below. Include $1 for 12oz. sample 2 tablespoons hot milk. Combine sight.

or $2 for a quart sample. Both plus with the chocolate mixture. Add Eternal spring is mine, when heaven

free information. IV2 cups flaked coconut. Press into bound,

pie pan and set into refrigerator to For I shall walk in footprints of

Associates harden. with Lyman & To serve fill I Don slightly my Lord. South East 9th 1087 ice cream. softened peppermint City Salt Lake 5, Utah

Please send me the following:

Tablets: Daily Lyman's Supply Heavenly Pumpkin Pie

(2 bottles) Tablets $16.95 ( ) 1000

( ) 500 Tablets (1 bottle) 8.95 Bake a 9-inch pie shell

( ) 100 Tablets (1 bottle) 1.95 % cup milk whites until stiff, fold them into the

2*4 Sure Meal: Lyman's Don cups canned pumpkin filling, not then and chill—but do

( ) Size 4.75 $ ) Chocolate 20Meal ( salt of Dash set. 1 the cream; teaspoon add Whip

( ) Size... ) 9.00 Vanilla ( 40Meal V2 teaspoon cinnamon rind tablespoons grated 5 orange and

( ) ) ( Size 45.00 Maple 240Meal V2 teaspoon nutmeg lightly into sugar. the Fold pump- (1-Case)

) Butterscotch ( I V2 ginger teaspoon until thick. Chill mixture. kin Spoon

Basic-H: | IV2 sugar cups brown shell. rein set into pie the Let 12Oz. ) ( ) Qt. ( Sample $2; Sample $1;

5 eggs frigerator. Serve as it is or garnish 1 ( ) 1 Case (12 Qts.) $24; ( ) 1-Gal. (to

sample) $6.75. 2 tablespoons gelatin with more whipped cream.

| ( ) I may be interested in selling some of your x/3 cup cold water products: 1 cup whipping cream

| ( ) Tablets ( ) Sure Meal ( ) Basic-H. Pampered Pumpkin Pie

| ( ) I am interested in a fundraising product. Heat the milk in the top of a double

J My name boiler, add the pumpkin, sugar Bake a 9-inch regular pumpkin pie.

sprinkle over the with cup broken salt Then has been mixed which % | My address yolks with the mixed pecans brown cup egg Beat and spices. it %

I City Zone... State..

ADVERTISEMENT

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sugar and 3 tablespoons melted butfully with the apples and raisins ter. Slide pie under the broiler just after removing the spices. Cool and

until the topping begins to melt. fill the tart shells. STEREO

Bride's Pie Famous Southern Pecan Pie

Bake a 9-inch pie crust. 1 cup white sugar

syrup white Karo 1 cup gelatin 1 envelope Custom Design & Installation 1 cup coarsely pecans choppedxk cup cold water 3 egg yolks 2 tablespoons butter 2 eggs milk 1 cup Complete Home Stereo Systems of salt Dashxk sugar cup 3 egg whites Vz cup flaked coconut Cream the butter and sugar; add the Components Kits Accessories

Dash of salt salt, wellbeaten eggs, syrup, and 1 teaspoon vanilla nuts. Mix well. Bake in a raw

1 teaspoon lemon extract pastry shell 1 hour at 300 degrees Audio Repairs

F. Serve cold.

Soften the gelatin in cold water.

Beat egg yolks slightly with the Soda Cracker Pie sugar. Add the milk. Cook in

double boiler until of custard con12 soda crackers finely crumbled sistency, stirring constantly. Add 3 egg whites 1 Pi4<>r

softened gelatin to hot custard and 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts stir until dissolved. Add the salt. 1 cup sugar

1 vanilla teaspoonCool. to thicken, beginning When

1 teaspoon baking powder KLH FISHER infold the stiffly whites, beaten egg coconut, flavorings. Spoon into 1 cup whipping cream—whipped

baked pie shell. Set in refrigerator stiff IJHntodi

to chill. Sprinkle with toasted

coconut just before serving. Beat the egg whites until stiff but

not dry. Add the sugar slowly beatROBERTS THORENS

Cheesy Tarts ingof theconstantly.ingredients.ThenPouraddmixturethe intorest

Divide the Cheese Pastry into 8 a greased pie pan. Bake 30 minutes

tarts. Bake in a 450 degree F. oven at 350 degrees F. When cool, top WetCtfiert

for about 10 minutes. Cool and fill with whipped cream and set in rewith the apple filling 30 minutes frigerator for about 5 hours to chill

before serving. Cap with whipped before serving. This pie has an

cream. unusual taste and consistency—good.

Filling: Apple Crumb Mince Pie House of ]vm$ic

(a repeat request) 3 pounds tart apples—peeled,

cored, and sliced IV2 cups mincemeat 156 South Main Street

IV2 cups sugar lVfe cups grated apple

IV2 cups water 2 tablespoons brown sugar Salt Lake City, Utah 2 cinnamon sticks 1 teaspoon lemon juice 6 cloves 1 tablespoon lemon peel grated

V2 cup seedless raisins XA pound butter 2 tablespoons lemon juice V3 cup sugar 2 tablespoons cornstarch 1 cup flour Become Acquainted with

V4 cup cold water THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Line the pie plate with pastry, mix

Heat together the sugar and IV2 the brown sugar, lemon juice, and cups water. Add the cinnamon and peel with the grated apples (add

cloves. These can be tied in a little more sugar if pies are too sour) and

cheesecloth bag. Add the apples, put in pie shell. Spread mincemeat DIRECT SHOPPER

raisins, and the lemon juice. Simmer over the apples. Mix the butter, A mail order section especially designed to

until the apples are crisply tender. sugar, and flour together until qualitybring togetheritems ofin oneunusualplace, interestinformationor usage.about

Remove the fruit from the syrup but crumbs are formed. Sprinkle lightly All products advertised carry a guarantee to

leave the spices. Mix together the over top of pie and bake at 375 desatisfychandiseor ismoneyreturnedwill inbe anrefundedunused whencondition.meris advertising Era carefully Improvement V4cornstarch the or grees and cup cold 35 F. for minutes about

relied screened upon. and be may We reStir iswater. into the syrup crust and until baked, crumbs and spectfully try the ordering suggest you products

cook until thickened. Mix careare brown. you find of interest from the

DIRECT SHOPPER.

Page 869

NOVEMBER 1962 865

HOW WOULD YOU HEAT

YOUR HOME IF THE GAS The Book "Jesus the Christ"all ages—premortal, mortal, and postAND ELECTRICITY FAILED? mortal—is peculiar to The Church of

Continued from page 805 Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. ItHundreds of thousands of home owners (

have provided for this emergency by buildis the central theme upon which the

Christ hangs; gospel whole of Jesus their the fireplacesing Heatform, around the to according Church"; but

it gives purpose and meaning and unit, steel spawithdouble-walled heavy "the author, work"was completed one's to opens an understandmind fireaircious the surrounding chambers First the to approved by "read and his of events the ing teachings and that throat capture upperbox and and of the Council the and life. is Presidency of his that suchcirculate an underheat Without the home, through

lost up the chimney by the masonry lined Twelve."It was also "published by standing, one's concept of Jesus and

fireplace. HEATFORM, a complete unit, the Church."Under these circumhis gospel is, at best, but fragmenhearth to flue, is a perfect guide for the stances, and notwithstanding the fact tary. That there is a desperate need

masonry walls, eliminating construction that it presents "the writer's personal for enlightenment on this matter is errors and smoke trouble, belief and profoundest conviction as evidenced on every hand. For exto the truth of what he has written"ample, in 1957, in an "antiMormon"

—which, to be binding upon the book, the authors attacking our

reader must accord with revealed teaching of this truth wrote:

scripture, the treatise enjoys an "In traditional Christianity the authoritative endorsement such as concept 'Christians'referred to the few books enjoy. beliefs and practices originating

In his preface the author says:

"It is particularly congruous and appropriate that the Church of Jesus TELL YOUR FACE!

Christ of Latterday Saints—the only BY FRANCES GORMAN RISSER

Church that affirms authority based

TODAY LITERWRITE FOR FREE revelation specific commisand all five on of on ATURE fiveyear-old models was bubbling My the Lord's sion to use Holy Name for style every HEATFORM and bliss early morning With distinctive as designation—should a size 'fireplace. Model "A"w mien, sober 1, with glum and When concerning set forth her doctrines

kiss. her Stooped for down warm FIREPLACESUPERIOR COMPANY mission."His and the Messiah

IE-H IEHDept. Dept. the Christ.) to Jesus (Preface just aren't happy, are you, "You Rd. Artesia Point N. Ave. 6014325

with our Calif,Fullerton, "... As we proceed 6, Baltimore Md, Mom?"

study,"he continues, "we shall find She asked with artless grace, that among the specific teachings of "Or maybe you are happy, but the Church respecting the Christ are You haven't told your face!"

these: THE IMPROVEMENT His"(1)missionThe inunityall ages—thisand continuityof necesof and/or associated with Jesus Christ.

ERA existencesity involvingand theforeordination.verity of His pre-(2) Thatthingsit whichshouldantedatedhave appliedHis tocomingthose

The fact of His antemortal Godship. was unthinkable. There is neither

( 3 ) The actuality of His birth in the scriptural nor historical basis for

. of. divine natural issue as the use.. the of divine such a Person AN IDEAL GIFT FOR flesh real-... parentage. The and mortal first (4) Christ Jesus became known

Weddings, Birthdays, Serviceity of His death and physical resurto mankind two thousand years ago.

men, Missionaries, Friends, rection, as a result of which the Christianity begins with Him;... He

New Members power of death shall be eventually established the way of salvation overcome. (5) The literalness of the when He came to earth;...."( Rev.

atonement wrought by Him, includJerome Stoffel, A. B., and Rev. John

ing the absolute requirement of indi- P. Weisengoff, M.A., S.S.L., S.T.D., Lovely gift card sent

vidual compliance with the laws and To Share the Faith, pp. 8-9.)

in your name ordinances of His gospel as the The Church of Jesus Christ of means by which salvation may be Latterday Saints labors under no attained. (6) The restoration of His such limited concepts. The superior

Send only $3.00 for Priesthood and the reestablishment knowledge and understanding which

12 big issues to of His Church in the current age, it has concerning the "unity and which is verily the Dispensation of continuity of"the mission of "Jesus the Fulness of Times. (7) The certhe Christ in all ages"and the many

tainty of His return to earth in the aspects of his eternal life have come

The Improvement near future, with power and great through modern revelation—the Book

glory, to reign in Person and bodily of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants,

Era presence as Lord and King."(Ibid., Pearl of Great Price, and other

p. 5.) revelations received by Joseph Smith,

The gospel concept of the unity Jun., and his successors. This addiand continuity of Christ's mission in tional scripture brings into focus vast 135 South State Street

Salt Lake City 11, Utah

866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RAISE FUNDS areas of Christ's life and mission not mine be the willing sacrifice, the Quickly... Easily!

otherwise available. It also sheds endless glory thine."(Elias; An Epic

much light upon the meaning of the of the Ages, Orson F. Whitney.) One Every Latterday Saint

sacred records which the world althinks of him on the mount with the home is a prospect...

ready had. brother of Jared some twentytwo A favorite for many

Not least among the merits of the hundred years before his birth in years—you'll find a

treatise is the author's strict adherBethlehem. In that account is given ready market for

ence to the written records, with all the clearest word picture of a preMessenger'sSaints Art LatterCalendar.- day

of which he was intimately familiar. mortal spirit to be found in Holy Each month has an apHe undeviatingly pursues his subWrit. "Behold, [Jesus said to the propriate reproduction in

ject, thereby avoiding distracting brother of Jared] I am he who was full color, with a brief >mk> jfafafe controversy. Much of what he says prepared from the foundation of the featuresdescriptionan—interestingevery day

is in the language of the scriptures world to redeem my people. Behold, historical event. Front... -........

themselves. All he writes is meticu- I am Jesus Christ.... cover has an inspiring

Is Place, "This entitled, the painting "..lously. this body, documented. befull-color His which ye work is now

full color production Drive On."An impressive

is spirit; is hold,exhaustive the and complete. and There body of my—Before Meals""Grace supplement, back on

little, if any, available authentic inman have I created after the body helps family observe mealtime devotion. Suitformation about the "Christ"which of my spirit; and even as I appear able for framing.

he does not consider. In his reunto thee to be in the spirit will I WARDS AND STAKES CAN MAKE

markable volume all aspects of the appear unto my people in the flesh. UP TO 100% PROFIT

Master's life and mission are "... Seest thou that ye are created quorumsA proved andand organizations.tested fundraisingMail programcoupon fortomarshalled to bear witness in perfect after mine own image? Yea, even day for full details of sales plan.

unity to the allimportant truth that all men were created in the beginPRICES: Single copy 45c; 3 copies $1.25; 12

"Jesus the Christ,"under the Father, ning after mine own image."(Ether copies $4.50; 25 copies $7.75

is the center of the universe. 3:1416.) USE HANDY 50Writecopiesfor special$15.00.prices on large

From a study of this treatise, one Contemplating the humble cirMAIL TODAY! quantities & the proved sales plan

gets a feeling that there is an urgency cumstances of Christ's birth in Bethabout obtaining an understanding lehem, one marvels at his loving P1051& HE. Distributing21st South, Co.Salt Lake City 6, Utah

and appreciation of such scriptural condescension, and one's soul attunes Please send me at once Messenger declaration as: "I am the Lord thy with the "... multitude of the heavLatter-day Saint Art Calendars for 1963.

God,..."(Exodus 20:2.) This truth enly host praising God, and saying, PleaseEnclosedsendis remittancefree informationof $ on Ward

the scriptures affirm in one way or "Glory to God in the highest, and and Stake sales plan.

another over and over again. on earth peace, good will toward Name

"I, the Lord, stretched out the men."(Luke 2:1314.) Address

heavens, and built the earth, my very One sees him in the temple at the City State handiwork; and all things therein tender age of twelve—already someare mine. what conversant with his mission—

"And it is my purpose to provide and hears him tenderly ask his for my saints, for all things are mine. mother, "... wist ye not that I must

"But it must needs be done in be about my Father's business?"

mine own way;..."(D&C 104:14- (Luke 2:49.)

16.) One is led to follow through the

"Listen to the voice of Jesus events of his ministry—his baptism,

Christ, your Redeemer, the Great I for example, where he set the petAM, whose arm of mercy hath tern that we must follow; one remematoned for your sins"; (Ibid., 29:1.) bers his conversation with the "... if ye believe not that I am he, Samaritan woman at the well and IDEAL FOR

ye shall die in your sins."(John hears him say: "... whosoever8:24.) drinketh of the water that I shall HOLIDAY

"... I am the way, the truth, and give him shall never thirst; but thethe life: no man cometh unto the water that I shall give him shall be FUND RAISING

in a well of him springing waterFather, (Ibid., but 14:6.) by me."fundraising up Please on your send me information

into life."everlasting 4:14.) (John lovest "If thou thou shalt serve me program. no under I understand I am

This calls to the lesson the mind and keepme obligation. all my commandName.. Master of at the gave Lazarus tombments."42:29.) (D&C

. City. considers the Savior When one as in".. response. Lord, iftothouMartha'shadst beenstatement,here, Address,State.Organization.portrayed Dr. Talmage by in Jesus

the Christ, he thinks of the great my brother had not died. SEND Maxfield Candy Company

council in heaven where, on the "But I know, that even now, whatTODAY P. 0. Box 554

Father's terms, Jesus volunteered to soever thou wilt ask of God, God will TO: Salt Lake City 10, Utah

be the Redeemer; to make the sacrigive it thee."(Ibid., 11:2122.)

fice required to put into operation "... I am the resurrection, and SACRAMENT TRAYS

the gospel of redemption. "Send me,"the life: [He replied] he that be- P.B.O. Approved

said he, "I ask. I seek no recompense, lieveth in me, though he were dead, 100% DRIPLESS

save that which then were mine; yet shall he live: Bottom SNOWof water WHITEtray holdsPLASTICall used cups.

Set of 1 bread tray and 1 water tray $10.00.

F.O.B. PLASTICAL CO., INC.

GARDENA, CALIFORNIA

NOVEMBER 1962 867 "And whosoever liveth and beJoseph and Oliver in the Kirtland lieveth in me shall never die...."Temple; and finally, one previsions

(Ibid., 11:2526.) the events of his approaching "secOne thinks of the Savior in the ond advent"and of the judgment and

temple during those last days of his glory to follow.

mortal ministry; of his suffering in One who gets the understanding,

Gethsemane and on the cross; of the vision, and the spirit of the

his resurrection; of his appearance to resurrected Lord through a careful

Mary at the tomb and to the others study of the text Jesus the Christ later; of his ministry among the by Elder James E. Talmage, will

Nephites; of his appearing with find that he has greatly increased

the Father to the Prophet Joseph his moving faith in our glorified in the Sacred Grove and later to Redeemer.

Bridal Gowns Suitable

for Temple Marriages

rtelal it—don't If you shouldn't do

38 South Main Salt Lake City RICHARD L. EVANS

There are two sentences from currently popular plays which today suggest a subject. The first is the

THE tearful utterance of a boy who had seen an irreprmn SPOKEN arable tragedy result from a series of angry,

WORD senseless circumstances. "I wish—"he said, "I wish

it was yesterday."1 The second is a similar sentence spoken by

a person who had pressed a point too far, and received an answer she would rather not have heard: "I wish it were five minutes

ago."- "I wish it were yesterday.""I wish it were five minutes ago."

FOLDING "I wish I hadn't gone there.""I wish I hadn't done it.""I wish I

PEDESTAL TABLES hadn't said it."We wish we had lived so that we wouldn't have

Direct from factory savso much reason to wish we had done differently. This is the

Schools, to Churches, ing organilooking back in life that too often makes us wish we had had Clubs, Lodges and all zations. MONROE 1963 a farther foresight. Despite our best knowledge, our best judgTables are Folding Banquet are honest accidents, are planning, there and there best ment, our

for quality, duraunmatched intervene. Partitions that events unforeseen miscalculations and mistakes and bility, and handconvenience

some appearance. 94 models and sizes for But there are also sometimes blind and stubborn mistakes, angry

every use. Write for prices, catalog. mistakes, and sometimes deliberately dishonest mistakes that ignore

CATALOG 1963 FREE -BIG tables, chairs, proved principles and morals and the keeping of commandments. Full line pictures. Color MONROE

table and chair trucks, platformrisers, portAnd while we may not know exactly how we shall feel when we

Write today! partitions. able or something say do, shouldn't we something know we we Church St., Colfax, Iowa do 249 THE MONROE CO.,

will that there for a certainty be sorrow, shouldn't do know say, we regret, anxiety, uneasiness, and that we shall pay a penalty equal to or greater than any socalled satisfaction received. We do know

AN IDEAL GIFT FOR the principle of causes and consequences, and down deep within against cheap every awareness an inner a warning, we do have Weddings, Birthdays, Serviceus, utteract or or cruel or unkind or immoral or dishonest or shoddy men, Missionaries, Friends, ance. "I wish it were yesterday.""I wish it were five minutes ago."

New Members "I wish I hadn't said it.""I wish I hadn't done it.""Would you be

exempt from uneasiness"; said a timerespected source, then "do

Lovely gift card sent nothing you know or even suspect is wrong. Would you enjoy

in your name the purest pleasure; [then] do everything in your power which you

[honestly] believe is right."''And so we would plead with those

Send only $3.00 for who are young, and with others also: Avoid regret by standing up

12 big issues to to standards. If you shouldn't do it, don't.

1West Side Story.

2Checkmate (The Star Sijste?n). The Improvement 3Rules of Life, published in The Neiv Dictionary of Thoughts.

Era "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, July 29, 1962. Copyright 1962.

135 South State Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Improvement Era HDIRECT SHOPPER IP the merchandise shown on these pages can be ordered direct from the companies listed. Enclose check or money order.

MILITARY RIFLES BEAUTIFULLY STYLED LDS GIFTS! "WE BEFOR MEN:... A Sun Dial desk ornament.

ROYAL ENFIELD MK. IV.303 caliber - very LIEVE BRACELET"13 Articles of Faith enAn authentic conversation piece of solid brass.

rugged—highly reliable. $11.95 graved on heavily gold plated discs. (Available 4V4"size with felt base, ebony background

30 CAL. FRENCH CARBINE - Forester 7.5 mm. as key ring.) Gift boxed, $1.50, postpaid. with natural brass face. A useful paper weight

Bolt action—almost new (2700 F.P.S. muz. LDS-"GOLDEN QUESTION"-"ANGEL MOROthat actually tells time when properly placed

vel.) $19.95 NI"PINS—Exquisitely molded, gold plated in the sun. Copied from an ancient Egyptian

M-l CARBINE—30 cal. semiautomatic. G.l.'s lapel, sweater, or tie pins. Gift boxed, $1.00. Sun Dial and cast in brass. Only $3.00 or 2

loved em! Brand new. $69.95 Satisfaction guaranteed. Shipped postpaid. for $5.00 tax and postage included. LEONARDS

Satisfaction guaranteed on all orders send Available at your local LDS bookstore or send DEPARTMENT STORE, 200 Houston Street, Fort

Money Order. No C.O.D.'s. WESTERN TRADING order to: GOLDEN GREETINGS, Box 757, Pico Worth 2, Texas.

CO., 140 S. State, Salt Lake City, Utah. Rivera, California. Orders shipped postpaid.

to compliINVITATIONS TEMPLE "painfWEDDING "LEHI, LIFETHE - TREE New, beautiMURAL! OF WALL PAINT STONE"A YOUR OWN

ful conversation for piece office. and in home L.D.S. temple marriage. temple your ment artistic talent needed. method! bynumbers"No

isThis replica handcarved scale the of 1/10 relief place takes embossed marriage which ft. directly 14 mural lovely 5 to Paint wide a ancient stone Izapa, of Northern monument

folders. printed, 100 Custom white vellum on ArtistsCentral hours. only that perfect to 5 America, 3 is a wall! piece. Takes display your on

Immediately in interest arouses the of for styles Book $7.95. as $5.95 as low Other ONLY cost scenics to wallpaper $100 charge $350; up

with bookletMormon of explanation 8 page different designs. Also 50 Mormon 100. Some up! more. or kits, $12.95 complete Modern Our Dr.Stone M. Wells of Professor by Jakeman,

accessories. orother Rush wedding albums, oriental, provincial, for designs. FREEArcheology, B.Y.U. Send 7-1/2"9-5/16"Handsome x

size only (add for 40c California, postage received. $5 completed ders day Money same details (end. 10c to"Color Catalog. "How

for75c Western Eastern U.S.) $1.00 For guarantee. and samback FREE. CATALOG Dept. H-125B, for hd!g.) post., ARTS, MURAL(California tax). EL add forMONTE CHAR- 4%U.S., Ida. Rexburg, Dept. ples write E, REXCRAFT, California. S. 19, Brea, Los Angeles La 1038ITABLE P.O. ENTERPRISES, 3844-E, Box South

El Monte 12, California. (Catalog sent airmail if 25c enclosed.)

IIP

ff/Tf*....,

*"-1ii?T-- msm**"".

1 Y CHfLMBfTO1 I11 THINGS CAB;IHUHSt THETHE) COURAGECANK0T 1M i

KWil* JHt H!i>.: wrBt. iSsr* &a Jk AMEN-.:: \BL * fin HJM

-- - 4fV\ J

I

sterling gold or in solid beautiful medal, A GLASSES WINDSHIELDS!END FOGGED AND SAY "HELLO"PHOTO! WITH A WALLET

"safety first"Make motto your "Praying silver, Durer's silk finish reproduces famous deluxe photos. Send any this winter! 2V2"x3V2"

toUse stop fog from ANTIFOG forming on portrait photo, returned or snapshot, unharmed. is prayer. inspiring reverse the an Hands."On glasses, windshields, windows, mirbathroom either return Select postage. pay SILVERWe neck to on charm, a Appropriate worn be as rors. 'round, Year serves as an ANTIFOG for only White) (Black photos, 25 and TONE

efficient cleaner giving visias bracelet, better or a or you chain, chain, prefer the $1. charm key Or 20% you may new GOLDENTONE

.. bility. tiny Easyto-use rub a on (Sepia amount photos, for White) only $2. and 25 In $27.50. In solid Gold pocketpiece. 14K of cloth. then clean ANTIFOG; with wipe. give pictures photos ordinary Goldentone an Bracelet or Silver, Sterling $3.00. Key Charm is Surface protected against fogging richness. and you from: amazing Order WALLET PHOTO

have visibility, greater in too. Sterling Order solid R-4, in Gold, today! Dept. $10.00; 20% Street, East Mill14K CO., 20 Chain Willow

Send (we pay postage) burn, DEto LEONARDS New Jersey.PARTMENT$1 STORE, 200 Houston, 2, for Service Fort Worth SuperSpeed In a hurry?—Full Sendmoney50c back.extra fromSilver the$3.00.JAMAICAPostageSILVERSMITH,will be prepaid.50 DelaneeyOrder Texas. Satisfaction MONEYBACK guaranteed. GUARANTEE!

Street IE, New York 2, N.Y.

NOVEMBER 1962 869 HI The author, Dr. John B. Scofield, an Indianapolis way to bed. I told him that I was coming here today

psychiatrist, recently gave the following talk to high to tell you what a psychiatrist does.

school students in his home town of Brazil, Indiana. He said that sounded pretty dull to him. I asked

Dr. Scofield was formerly on the staff of the Menninger him what he would talk about if he were I, and he

Clinic, Topeka, Kansas. The article is reprinted with proceeded to tell me the details of the "Twilight

permission from The Menninger Quarterly. Zone"television show he had just seen, a fascinating

story about what happened when the earth got out

As I was trying to get together some ideas about of orbit. I agreed with him that the "Twilight Zone"

what I might say to you today, my son came in on his would be hard to beat.

BY JOHN B. SCOFIELD, M.D.

HIATRI But let me tell you something about what a psychiasaid she had come to see a psychiatrist because she had trist does anyway. Most of all he sits and listens and recently become so despondent that she had seriously condoesn't talk much. This afternoon I am going to let sidered taking her own life.

you be the psychiatrist, and I am going to do the talkShe didn't think that mattered much except that she had ing. I am going to tell you what a patient told me. three little girls, and she guessed it would matter to them.

I'll call her Mrs. X. Mrs. X is a 23year-old young The oldest was five, the youngest eight months. She showed

woman, a pretty girl, but the sadness and concern me a picture of the younger two, and I agreed that it would in her face looked as if it would have taken many certainly matter to them.

more than twentythree years to accumulate. She She said that she didn't think it would matter much to

her. husband—for very long anyway. She felt she had ruined

his life; he never said so, but she knew deep down inside

he felt that way.

He was so unhappy with his job as a draftsman in the engineering department of a large factory. He had always

wanted to be an architect. She said she could never forget

that it was her fault that this dream of his would never come true.

She described how much her husband had changed in the last few years—nothing much seemed fun for him any

more expect maybe his coaching Little League baseball.

He seemed to resent the fact that they had only little girls and no boys. The first sign of a smile came when she said

she thought the fouryear-old girl was trying hard to be a boy—she seemed to know her daddy wished that she had

been one.

Her smile faded as she said, "We both lost part of our lives—maybe the best part. It's as if we went to sleep and

suddenly woke up to find that we were old people. My

husband and I hardly talk about anything but bills and the things that need fixing around the house. He just watches TV,

and I pick up toys and wash and cook and iron clothes."

She said the worst part of all was the children—they didn't

deserve what was happening to them. They were really good

kids. Particularly Nancy tried so hard to keep her parents

in good humor, but most of the time she was trying to do something that was impossible.

Mrs. X broke into tears and said at times she believed

she hated her children and wished she could get away from them and never see them again. Particularly the baby—she

seemed to need something from her all the time.

"So many times, by the time evening comes I feel I have given all I can give, and somebody has to see that it is my turn, but I don't think a mother is ever supposed to have a turn,"she said. "When I feel this way, I just look for an

excuse to pick on the kids. It sounds terrible to say, but I

am jealous of them—I would like to have fun and do what

I want to do. Bob and I haven't gone dancing in over

a year now."

She went on to tell me that she and her husband had known each other since grade school and had dated since she was a sophomore and he was a junior. They planned to

marry after he got through the first two or three years of college.

Somehow when it was time to be graduated from high school it seemed impossible to wait that long. "I couldn't

see running the risk of losing him to some college girl,"she

said. "I am sure we loved each other very much mother to him, and at the same time he needed me

then, but we're different people now. in another way—having everybody know he was going

"I went to college with him—it was fun for awhile. steady with me was like wearing a sign around his

We lived in a trailer, and I had a job for awhile, until neck to make sure that no one doubted his masculinity,

I was going to have a baby. Finally Bob said he like loud cars and driving wild. But I am sure he

refused to take any more help from our parents, and really loved me too.

he went to work in the job that he has now. "I think it was really the little boy part that agreed

"My folks insisted that we take enough money to marry me. Even though Bob did love me, his

from them to keep us going, but there were strings saying OK to getting married then was like taking attached—you would have to know my parents to the line of least resistance. The little boy part was

understand. Though they said they didn't want me frightened to think of having to get to know new girls

to marry so young and seemed to want us to wait, I and compete socially with other fellows. His marriage

can see now that they were so afraid that I wouldn't to me was kind of a hideout from a more advenget married, particularly Mother. I believed she was turous life.

really relieved when we eloped. "It's a funny thing; I think Bob tried to make him-

"I am not sure she realized it herself—I never self believe that fellows who get married when they

thought about it before—she would make fun of old are teenagers are courageous and strong and more

maids and read the wedding news in the paper loudly grownup than the fellows who wait. But I think

like it was such a big deal. She was so concerned that that deep down inside, Bob feels that by getting

I be popular. I believe she would have been more married when he did, he kind of chickened out. He

upset if I didn't have a date for a dance than if I had let his future be taken out of his hands without gotten an F on my report card. really fighting to make sure he could get life headed

"And the funny thing is that she was trying so hard in the direction he wanted it to go. He should have

to do what she thought was best for me. I can't been strong enough to make us both wait."

bear to let her know how miserable I am. Why did She paused for a moment, then her voice took on a

they let us start dating so young? It was like I was subdued fervor. "No, I guess I was the one who

in training to catch a man and nothing else mattered."should have been strong enough to make us both

She clenched her hands into fists when I told her wait. Girls at that age can see things a lot more

she talks as if her marriage to Bob had been engiclearly than boys can. They know what they are

neered by her and her mother. Didn't Bob have insecure about—about being attractive enough, being

anything to say about this? She said she knew Bob paid attention to, and being able to get married.

had been very much in love with her when they were "Boys don't really know why they do feel so insecure, in high school, and for a little while after they were and they think none of the other fellows feel as married. But boys are different from girls in more frightened as they do. I took advantage of the little

ways than they realize. boy part that needed mothering. I guess I really

"In effect,"she said, "boys are not as mature knew what I was doing all the time.

in some ways as girls are when they are in high "I was so sure that the only thing I had to worry school. Bob was like most boys at that age, had about in life was getting a husband. I didn't think

some kind of turmoil going on inside. He needed much about what we had to give up to get married.

so much to prove that he could become a powerWe needed more time to be young, to buy new clothes, ful, worthwhile person, but at the same time he was instead of an electric bill, to get around and see some afraid inside. of the world, to try out new ideas. If only we had

"It's funny, with other fellows he looked so confihad more time to grow up—I wouldn't feel jealous of

dent and strong. With his parents and other people my own children, and Bob wouldn't resent me and

he was different, he was really shy and sometimes the kids so.

acted as if he had a chip on his shoulder, as if he had "What can I do—I don't see any way out."

to hide the idea that anything meant very much All right, you are the psychiatrist; what are you

to him, going to do to help Mrs. X find a way out? Maybe

"Since we have been married he is pretty much you feel as uncertain as I did when I first thought that way with me,"she said. "But before, he was a about this problem. But as a matter of fact you do

different person entirely. He could talk by the hour have the solution that I was unable to provide.

with me and tell me how he felt about most things. What I didn't tell you is that before I could get

Things like religion, death, and what he wanted to my son to go to bed, he convinced me I should tell make of his life. you a "Twilight Zone"story. Mrs. X came to see me

"With me he could let the little boy feelings show, on November 22, 1967, five years from now. And

and it didn't seem to embarrass him. Deep down you know Mrs. X very well—she is sitting in the second

inside he needed me to be a kind of a reassuring row, and Bob is over there near the back.

872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

count

>tr Marion D.Hanks Era of Youth EDITOR

I0'Elaine Cannon ASSOCIATE EDITOR "Count your many blessings..."the old hymn goes.

And so we do... with hearts flipping and eyes brimming as we think about

food and firesides and parents and parties and books and banjos and testimonies and training and science and poetry and music and EVERYTHING!

November is the traditional time of Thanksgiving in America, complete with feasting and family gathering. It harks back to the days of the Pilgrims. It

reminds us to take stock of all that we have and offer some prayers of appreciation of our own. In your country the month marked for Thanksgiving may differ, but the mood is the same.

This month, then, we pause to give thanks, to count our blessings. We do it

with the help of some wonderful contributors from all over the Churchsome young, like yourself; some older and full of nostalgia. All have a special feeling about thankfulness.

THE EDITORS Thanksgiving

Oh God- I thank thee not only for physical comforts,

But for the myriad beauties and sensations

That turn time into life And its kaleidoscopic miracle.

I thank thee for art:

The muteviolent colors of a painter's brush

That speak across epochs in a timeless, racing language;

The colored waves of sound evoked by a great musician in a moment of ecstacy;

A word's brilliant flash as it leaps from a page to illuminate an emotion in my mind.

I thank thee for nature:

A watercolor sunset;

A diamondtingling dawn when the air is a crystal dewdrop against my cheek;

The hush of a wood—smell of fallen logs and

pine needles, an orchid in a snow bank;

The lonely majesty of a desert—empty gray of

sage on sand;

The lash of waves spitting spume and spray against a cliff; A violet's heart.

I thank thee for my bodyThat it is young and warm, free and spirited.

I thank thee that I have known emotion

Felt its transport, a bed of clouds,

A mistyness of tears about my eyes,

A swelling in my throat, A fulness in my breast.

But more than all of these, I thank thee for the ability to feel pain;

Thank thee for the knife in my heart;

The bitterness on my tongue; j

The empty hollow moments racked with a scream that will not unloose, but only echo in my aching shell;

For the frustration of hopes dead and four gray walls.

y.

I thank thee for these that 1 might feel the peace which follows, The calm that soothes the painfrayed soul

That makes all else sweeter And enables me to see across the galaxies of space and time To home.

BY AMY OWEN, 18 WALLA WALLA, WASHINGTON AN OPEN LETTER TO OUR HEAVENLY FATHER

Most Mighty GodIn these times of trouble and strife, I wish to seek a moment of solitude with thee and thank thee openly for thy marvelous blessings.

First, dear God, I thank thee for the privilege of being born in the promised land of plenty—this great America. I thank thee,

O God, for inspiring men of great moral stature to lead our ship of state on a peaceful course on a sea of life made treacherous by storms of greed and passion.

I thank thee, God, for goodly parents, parents that have led me through darkness of despair to the brighter glory of thy great work and its manifold blessings. Parents that have fed me,

clothed me, and passed on to me the wondrous privilege of being able to say "I am a Mormon."

I thank thee, O God, for a sound physical body, an alert, healthy mind, and a humble spirit which may someday return to thee in thy celestial kingdom.

I thank thee, God, for the paragons of faith and obedience t that guide thy Church through thy divine revelation and inspiration.

I thank thee for the privilege of being able to take the girl I of my choice to thy holy temple, to be united as one, for time and all eternity. For the opportunity of having my children sealed

to me, and being able to raise them in thy true Church.

I am grateful, dear God, for everything thou hast placed at my command, for my use and convenience. Life is as a great

kaleidoscope when lived in conjunction with thy word. Each turn

a new day, permeated with peerless, everchanging patterns of glory and beauty.

Ofttimes, God, it is difficult to realize thy presence amid the hustle and the rush that constitutes today's metropolitan society. At these moments, it is only necessary to repair to the

quiet of the home, or the splendor of thy natural creations.

When ere I walk amid lofty pines, or gaze silently at the moon reflected by a black midnight sea, or listen to a coyote in mournful prayer across the desert's plains, then I know of thy presence, dear God, and offer this prayer to thee:

In gratitude, Lord, my head is bowed

In a solemn and gracious prayer.

My spirit soars like a downy cloud

With the knowledge that thou art near.

Stay by me, Lord, when I do seem

From thy straight and narrow to stray,

For I know thou lovest and will redeem

If I but remember to pray.

%:.'W In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen,

RONALD ACHESON, 19, SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA

LIFE IS QUICK IK PASSING

This letter comes to you as one of in accumulating as evidence of having greeting and out of my personal interbeen successful.

est in your welfare, wherever you But under the influence of apostate may be. religious instruction the individual is

Through having made many interadvised to "listen"i.e. "believe on the

esting discoveries in my lifetime assoLord Jesus Christ and be saved."In

ciated with wonderful blessings, I the field of trade and finance, again would like to pass some food for everyone is urged to "listen!"It

thought over to you, for your caremight be to a favorite program ful consideration. (Remember, God through a transistor radio of a special

our Eternal Father had the Savior make, or to watch for it on the latest [through the Prophet Joseph Smith] TV model.

promise Latterday Saints they would Now... as a member of the school

(a) find wisdom (b) great treasures of of thought where each is encouraged knowledge; even hidden treasures. to "be a doer and not a hearer only,"

Should (c) run and not be weary on which side of the road do you (d) walk and not faint... if they drive relative to the task of (1) imobey the Word of Wisdom and keep proving the mind (2) fostering a righthis commandments.) eous disposition (3) developing talent

Right now I desire to refer to the for (a) a vocation (b) recreation?

advisability of using time in a conIn other words, whom do you serve structive manner, inasmuch as the most of your time? Is it the will of

most important period of our lives Heavenly Father who expects us to belongs to the first twentyfive. return to him much better off in mind

You are reminded one of our and body for having made the jourhymns says "Time flies on wings of ney to Earth? Or the purposes of the

lightning; We cannot call it back.... adversary whose wickedness in prethat, Life is quick in passing 'Tis as a venting his birth on earth too, would

single day."The gospel itself helps have us ignore our opportunity for

us to realize life is as a schoolroom advancement along the pathway to and a time for learning. So, besides our eternal reward?

being a wonderful gift to us from Do check up with yourself to see our parents by divine planning; time, what kind of discovery you make.

as an asset of use, is more precious than any amount of wealth which one Yours with love and cheers might spend many years in seeking Aunt "J."(Sig)

as a means to being purposeful or AUSTRALIA.

What Did You Say?

Your speech is showing! Are you proud of it? Is it polished and intriguing, and does

it communicate? Can you list it as one of your personality assets? Or are you careless, indifferent, with the mistaken belief that speech is just speech, just something

everyone has, so why worry.

S-p-e-e-c-h spells Success, Power, Enlightenment, Entity, Career, Horizon to the youth who conscientiously thinks of it as a most basic part of personality and proper grooming.

Speech at its best should be Conversational, specific, sincere, smooth, picturesque, clear.

Voice? Make it resonant, give it body, send words out to be heard. Make your tones

pure, eliminate harsh or breathy qualities. Be aware of the need to have change in pitch,

volume, and rate of speaking. A word speeder is a person who ejects 160 words a minute. A slow boy is one that turns out only 90 words a minute. Time yourself. Make sure

you are in the "middling"lane. Effective speech has need for pure high tones and low

tones. Intersperse them with your regular pitch range for the listener's interest.

Emphasis can be given through volume change. Do not fear soft tones and contrasting

powerful ones.

Voice is dependent upon proper placement of tongue, roundness of lips, and drop of the jaw. The throat must be very relaxed with no muscular tension. (Yawning is a good

throat exercise and relaxer.) Support from the diaphragm is necessary for good tone

production. Tones should be sent up and out.

BY VIRGINIA ANDERSON

a!:

m w

Pronunciation? Correct pronunciation is a must. Listen to how you sound. Develop an

ear for sounds and the ability to make them. Watch simple words that are often used

why, what, because, just, again, for, get. Be articulate in speech. Eliminate the a a—or the er—er—er.

Body? One should stand or sit tall with head high, one foot in front of the other, and

plenty of stretch from hips to ribs. Don't squash the diaphragm. Give it room to support

good tones. Eyes should reflect thought. Eye contact is IMPORTANT. Relax hands at

side. Use them to express and sustain ideas. Don't be a weight shifter, eye roller, chest

drooper, handin-front holder, feet shuffler.

Make your body work for you in producing good speech and holding an audience.

Content? A voice alone cannot produce good speech. Thoughts, ideas, content, are important. Don't be satisfied with just jive talk. Have something to say. Say it interestingly and well.

Learn the "do's and don't's"of good speech. Be willing to make the effort so that you

can count on the listener believing you and liking you.

Important? "The first duty of man is to speak, that is his chief business in the world "

Walt Whitman.

"Power is with the man who can speak."Lord Salisbury.

Be sure speech is on the ledger side of your talent account. Discipline, practise, some

knowhow, more practise are prerequisites for a good workable, pleasing speech. He who

can speak well has poise, and greater still the ability to think. Perk up! Cue up! Speak up

iflBf

No Idle Hands Here

Several years ago Mother came home from New York with some strangelooking books. These books were all about Origami. Our family was curious as to what

Origami was. Mother explained that

Origami is the Japanese art of folding paper into different exciting shapes and forms. She showed us chafrs, birds, and

other objects which her friend in New

York had made. They were so cute we

all wanted to make something ourselves.

So we did! Soon we could each make

nut cups and before the night was over, birds and flowers. Origami was first used

as a form of prayer. People would fold

things according to what they needed and set them outside their doors. Down through

the ages it has been used to illustrate stories and for festivals. It is no longer

used as a form of prayer but is now taught to almost ail Japanese children. They make

many decorations and even their own toys, such as soldiers, hats, purses, dolls and doll furniture, boats, and birds. They can

string the birds together making a mobile or make the boats out of waxed paper enabling them to float. Japanese people

also make things, paste them on white paper, and draw in the background. This

is done with many articles such a flowers, many kinds of animals, people, furniture, and seasonal decorations. After finishing

an article they sometimes paint or paste on faces, arms, legs, shadows, etc. to make

the article look complete. Some things are

just folded, but others are cut in places to identify the object more clearly.

Regular Origami paper is square and comes in two or three different sizes. The

regular size is about four by four inches.

It is very colorful on one side but white on the other. A package has a wide assortment of colors with a few speckled sheets.

I've found Origami to be very helpful to me when I'm tending, as it entertains the children. We also use the nut cups

for parties and make place cards and other little favors.

BY MALON MCLATCHY

m* '"V W 111 [

S;g-

j&<c5

i m ii HtftffilMBT-W

"Coming back fo thi croa, s the greatest."

gqndwfches in Swedish,.,—If III'. t: '-,:——.

I,f L wonder to cook. learn should fntWM corn to object will companion spec.ah They're my day. a three times

...

'3\luiiiii'i 'ii'*wwT

I vl.

% #> s;

do What would we without

y.l -'-1"

/r

: f

.. **

Robert Mark Petersen, Oxnard SecGrant Brand Walther, Anchorage Second Ward, ond Ward, Santa Barbara (Calif.) Alaska Stake, is a seventeenyear-old senior at

Stake, received two National Science East Anchorage High School ivhere he is presiFoundation research grants for sumdent of the Key Club and Debate Club. He ivas

mer study. The Hueneme High School first place winner in the Porter scholarship

senior is a member of the California contest and ivas awarded a $1000 prize;

State Scholarship Federation and has received first place honors in the Greater been accepted for the honors program Anchorage Science Fair; awarded the Junior

at Brigham Young University. He Leadership certificate and the Westinghouse

has received a California state scholatvard for his work in U-H; participated in the

arship, a Bolker scholarship, and a first and second summer science training proNational Merit commendation. grams at the University of Alaska sponsored

A past president of his deacons'by the National Science Foundation; received

and teachers'quorums, Robert is now the Elks "Youth Leadership Award"and a $250 secretary to his priests'quorum. saving bond; and was a finalist in the National

Science Fair at the World's Fair, Seattle.

A holder of the Duty to God award, Grant has earned five individual awards, four with 100 percent seals, and is secretary of his Explorer post.

-,....*r

>-*%, 'jt ipiii<*iy * JIIIIK "jr

Ipwlffcff

Bonnie Jean Bybee, Uintah Patricia Lei Anderson, Kaimuki Ward,

Ward, Weber Heights (Utah) Honolulu (Hawaii) Stake, was recently

Stake, is an honor student at named Miss Hawaii. She also won two

Bonneville High School and a divisions of the Miss Hawaii judging—the

member of the National Honor talent contest in ivhich she sang a selection

Society. She has had a 100 perfrom Madame Butterfly and the evening

cent attendance to all her church goivn section. A graduate of Kamehameha

meetings for the past six years School for Girls, Patricia plans to attend and has her Honor Bee, Mia Joy, the University of Hawaii. She is the

and Laureate awards. During dance director in the ward MIA. Patricia

the summer Bonnie is a counwas one of the four runnersup in the selor at Camp Lamondi. A junrecent (Sept. 62) Miss America Pageant

ior Sunday School and Primary at Atlantic City and was winner of the teacher, she plans to attend BYU. talent contest.

JULIE PINGREE WOODWARD, 21 OGDEN, UTAH

and for braces?

Dr. Ellis smiled, folding his lips together, and time I open my mouth, what will people see instead

looked down at me in the dentist's chair. ''Well, of teeth? Sparkling little gems!"Mom pushed

we finally got the little devils on, didn't we?"the DOWN button by the elevator and said,

"Yes,"I said glumly as I ran my tongue along "You'll be glad when it's over, you'll look back, the confusion of wires and metal that covered my and you'll...."

top row of teeth. I leaned against the car door on the way home,

"Now it's up to you,"he said pushing his glasses feeling every bump the car hit in my shoulder up with his forefinger. "Those bands will glitter blades. Mom glanced across the seat at me. "You

just like little gems if you take care of them just snap right out of this."

right."He clapped the palms of his hands together "Out of what?"I asked in a high voice.

and nodded his head at me. "Just like little gems "We're paying a lot of money to get your teeth

You remember that young lady."fixed."She looked straight ahead at the road.

I forced a smile back at him, trying not to The skin on her cheeks was pulled tight. "You

raise my top lip. "Just imagine!"I thought to can just stop acting like those braces are going

myself, mentally kicking my foot through the to kill you."

thickest brick wall I could find. "Braces! When I looked out the window at the dry gravel

I'm a senior in high school!"whizzing by. "OK, I'm sorry,"I said slowly,

The office was a blurr of dull yellow and chrome trying not to sound sarcastic, but feeling like cabinets as I waited for Mom to talk to the doctor. being very nasty. My teeth were really achMy teeth felt as if little men were pushing wedges ing now.

between them, and I could taste blood faintly. Later, I grinned at the hall mirror as I passed

There was a drilling ache all the way up to my and then stepped back to look again. My face

cheek bones. went into wrinkles and my mouth felt like I had

I stood up and walked over to Mom and Dr. Ellis. chewed up a couple of spoons.

"Don't look so sad, young lady,"Doctor Ellis The phone rang. "Julie, you're wanted on the

laughed. He shook my shoulder. "Only a year, phone,"my brother's high voice yelled impatiently.

that's not so bad."He smiled and pushed his I walked into the living room and rubbed the

glasses up again. I smiled, forgetting about the black receiver with my thumb before I picked it up.

braces. I put my tongue up in front of my teeth. "Hello,"I said slowly.

"For heaven's sakes! Don't do that!"Mom's "Hi, this's Ted. We're going to the show tovoice was loud. I looked down at the round night, ya know,"the low voice said.

plastic buttons on her black suit, and there was "Yes,"I said listlessly, feeling the wires on my a pinching feeling in my cheeks. Lines from front teeth. "But you ought to see what I've got

movies and TV plays about "punk little kids with on my teeth."I stopped, expecting a sigh or

braces on their teeth"were jumping around in screech or something over the wire.

my mind. "You got 'em on, huh?"he laughed. "Well,

Mom and I walked out of the office and down good. What time should we go tonight?"

the hall past doors with black lettering. I tried to "I don't care,"I said, feeling as if I'd lost

look at myself in the glass. "Sparkling little gems. something inside.

Phooey!"I said under my breath. "Oh, I was going to tell you,"his voice went on.

Mom was talking steadily in an even voice. "You know what happened to me on the way

"And when you really stop to think about it, a home from work tonight?"

year won't be so bad considering that your whole I felt the braces with my finger and stared life...."into the gray carpet. "Well, if he didn't care

"High school's supposed to be the most fun in about them, why should I?"I thought, "After

your whole life,"I thought, trying to listen to all, it's only for a year."I looked up and smiled

Mom, but not very hard. "I'm a senior. Every into the phone. "What?"I asked.

BY KENNETH SORENSON AMERICAN FORK, UTAH to their Parents

Ralph Waldo Emerson, the great philosopher and longing our lives. For these reasons we can see why

writer, once said, "The house praises the carpenter."God promised to lengthen our lives if we obey and

This can be said another way: "The child praises the follow the guidance of our parents.

parents."In our society if we see a child misbehaving Since the beginning of time man has passed ideas

we inquire whose child it is. We evaluate the parents and techniques down through the ages. He has done

by their child's actions. Since our society does this, this by teaching others, and they in turn still teach

it is up to us as children to live up to our parents'others. In infancy a child is taught the simpler ideas,

ideals. If we do this, the people around us will see, that a stove is hot and it will burn you if you touch

through us, what great parents we have. it. The parents watch and make sure their child has

In the Lord's plan he set it up so the children would all the opportunities and that nothing hurts the child.

have someone to follow, someone from whom they Upon giving the child care it will continue to come could seek counsel. This job he gave to the couple that back to the parent for advice until he reaches the

gave birth to the child. In this way there would be age where he wants to go out and make his own

plenty of love and affection given the child. Since decisions. This is the time when most boys and girls

the couple had already passed through the pitfalls of fall away from their parents and family. They feel

childhood with the help of their parents, they would that they no longer need the advice of their parents make the ideal people to give guidance and counsel and that they can make the decisions which will be to the children. the best for them by themselves. Here they are

Another reason we should obey our parents is that wrong, for about this time and later they come to the Lord commanded us so to do. He gave this comsome of the most important crossroads in their lives.

mandment along with nine others to Moses. It is The boys have the choices to make about further

"Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy days education, going on a mission, serving their country,

may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God and getting married. The girls have the choices of

giveth thee."Here the Lord promises us that if we education and marriage. I'm not saying that the parobey and honor our parents, we will enjoy long lives. ents should make these decisions, but the children

It is easy to see why this would be. Our parents can with the help and advice of their parents.

through their guidance will keep us away from bad places where any type of accident could happen. Although parents sometimes think their advice

They will urge us not to take up the habits of smoking is not wanted by their children, down deep we teens and drinking, for these can destroy and tear down really want it. To us our problems and decisions

our bodies, thus shortening our lives. If we obey and are many and troublesome. We need someone to

follow the guidance of our parents, we will keep our talk with, and the best people in the world to gain bodies spiritually clean and physically clean, thus proguidance and confidence from are our parents.

\ S

'* '1* t 1 9

*-: i-lfe

impr

KENNETH.&PREN90N

Progress at Deseret News Press is geared to one goal—better service to you,

the customer. To provide this service, we are continually improving our facilities.

Most recent accomplishments are the installation and operation of one of the country's finest web offset departments, and consolidation of sales and production offices under one roof.

Our new address is 1600 Empire Road, in Salt Lake City's growing Industrial

Center. Call 4861892 for sales or production service.

PIONEER PRINTERS KEEPING PACE WITH PROGRE!

FINE COMMERCIAL PRINTING SINCE 1850

THIS IS WEB OFFSET PRINTING

Using the basic offset process, the fundamental difference in webfed presses is in the paper supply, which is from a continuous roll instead of from individual sheets. The press shown is a five and five perfector—ten units (colors)

printing both sides of the web (sheet) simultaneously. After the inks are laid

on the paper, the web then passes through an oven heated up to 400 degrees Fahrenheit. This dries the ink by removing the solvents. Then

the web passes over "chill rollers"which set the pigments in the ink. The final step

is folding, and work which comes from the press is folded in signatures ready for delivery to the bindery for completion of work.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

financial planning. They often know about deferred Is your

annuity plans, commercial whole life insurance,

offer that life insurance programs for career they women. And life insuranc andspecialmanyadvantagesother

know that a professionally trained Beneficial Life agent can give them the most reliable counsel on Beneficial?

their insurance program.

Professional social workers, elementary and secondary teachers, attorneys, and many other women in How long since you examined your life insurance the professions have made a very solid place for program, in the light of your everchanging needs?

themselves. Highly competent and respected, these

women are contributing to education, law, business,and a great many of the sciences and the arts. BENEFICIAL LIFE

Along with their professional stature, these same women also have acquired a knowledge of sound Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah