SflSfe

iHtiiiPllii|l|<

. 'ill

MARCH, 1932 Return Postage Guaranteed Salt Lake City, Utah

lilllffiPil ill-!

—.#"1 What? appening;

Eager, restless, active, anxious America, has one great, dominating passion—it wants to know.

What happens—when, where and how. Wants to

it happens. know at once—the day

The Deseret News is better equipped, today, to give this service, than at any time during its 80 years of publishing news.

Served by the greatest news gathering services of the world, the distance is never so great that prevents any happening appearing in the evening

News the day it happens.

With the local, state and national news we have many features, men and women of national prominence write regularly for our paper. Sports and

financial news, comics with many laughs, all these and many others, costs you only 15c;a week.

Advertisements are an important part of any modern paper. What to buy and where to purchase

it. Every evening the Deseret News is delivered to

nearly forty thousand homes.

.fc

In addition to the wonderful service as partially described above, we offer our readers an accident insurance policy for all those who walk or travel. Paying as much

as $10,000.00 and a weekly indemnity for accidental injury.

Cost for policy is only $1.25 a year. Insure today, because

tomorrow may be too late.

PTheimprovement and the Department of Education

of the Family FORECAST For Every Member

EDITORIALS VENAIMMORTALITY, J. 9 West =,. the Heber Latterday Saints Went Grant 251 Why Dr. by FAITH,"OF TURE 9 Merrill Harrison R. 25 Americans

apwill Christenson,Parley A. Eternal Elsie Brandley T. 260 Body, Mind and Spirit—Triune the of in number the Aprilpear

Improvement Era. This article, ARTICLES

beautifully written and carefully A Delightsome People C. Frank Steele 261

presented in a scholarly manner A Tribute to the Cottonwoods of the Plains Dan V. Stephens 263

will be worthy the attention of Ancient Cities of Mexico Franklin S. Harris 265

E. James Talmage 267 Gibbs Smith Hyrum well as the ofall Church members

S. Hinckley Albert Bryant in Smith. 269 Greatness Men—-George belong not do of thoseas who

Wesfor? Nordgren 277 N. BanquetVictory The Church.to any

. Naylor in R, 279 the Adah Guest Home A Beauty in the Home—Color Lutie H. Fryer 280

Elsie Brandley 283 T. Glancing Through F. RICHShaffer P. C. at 289 School Boarding the Fort Hall Glimpse A the QuoRobertsTLDERARDS. GEORGEa member of Whiterocks, School, Louie 290 Coe Utah... Boarding Uintah The

rum of the Twelve Apostles, will A Vanished People.—Clara Freestone Seemann 291

be presented by President Bryant National Council of Women 292

S. Hinckley in the series, Greatness Keep Sweet George H. Brimhall 293

296 AndNever-Fallsin Men. HeWalks-Straight303 Habit H, D. Kress, M. D. How to Cure the Cigarette

FICTION be will April forTACTION Hendrickson 273 Gladys Wind serial by a new headed by\. Robertson C. 274 Frank BackTracker The one "Godmother,"Wolfe,Carla,th 276 Cardon Itza Lucy Be in Chichen Night A ever submitted best stories theof Estelle 285 Thomas de W. Cartas Amigo Mas

to the "Era". No one can afford A Daughter of Martha Ivy Williams Stone 287

to miss the first installment. It

to POETRY appealing especiallywill be

Kennelly 282 Ardyth r Yesterday of Color The youngto sophisticatedadults and Frost Ingles 282 Grace Answers Desert The stories Other readers. storyer

. 282 Culmsee Carlton Worthy of You Scar,""'The are the numberfor Hendrickson 282 - Gladys Morning March

Pratt 282 Grace iZenor"Nothing Ventured Nothing An 282 Romney Etching—Casas Grandes Helen HogensonGained."Wind

Storm and Calm Weston N. Nordgren 282

"God's Candles"- Lydia Hall 282 features above the to usual assortDEPARTMENTS theINthereadditionwill be 297 Pictures material, Motion departmental ofment 299 it Over Let's Talk interesting articles.poetry, and 300 Committee Music Church

Priesthood Quorums 301 The Cover MutualExecutiveMessagesDepartment 304 rTAHE cover this month is one CommunityAdult MessagesActivity. 306305

S. Clowes, Paul painted by Messages 307 Men M

artist. 307 The western Girlswellknown Gleaner

Navajo was selected as the type M MenGleaners 308 for the picture. We hope everyJunior Girls 308

Girls 309 will like it for our "Indian BeeHivebody 309 VanguardsScoutsNumber."

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Office, Salt at Post the Entered OFFICES: EDITORIAL EXECUTIVE AND Ballard, Mgr. Business Melvhi J. BLDG., CITY, secondclass SALT OFFICE LAKE as city, Utah, 406 CHURCH UT. Lake Bus. Beesley, Clarissa Asso. A. Mgr

Mutual Improvement Copyright, by the Men's 1932, Young at for mailing matter. Ass't Bus. B. Peterson, Mgr. O.

.. Acceptance, the Christ,. Corporation Jesus Association Church of df <:.* -;jj fo1t of postage rate,l'10vlded Morris, George sPeclal Q. Saints. rights reserved. All of Latterday

'-- of Octone 3ection [n 1103 Act 'Taylor, Grant Rachel price, year, $2.00 a in advance; Subscription

Chairmen Era and Publicity 30c a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Harrison R. Merrill Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

Why the Latterday Saints Went West r I 'HE Latterday Saints traveled 1,500 miles out Iowa, Nebraska, or some other place, and locating the

J- into the wilderness and were the first people to people there."

establish a settlement in that section of the country Brigham said, "Lorenzo, it is true that I do not (Great Salt Lake Valley). They went there to stay. know where we are going; but I shall know the place

They did not go as frontiersmen, as many others when I see it."

it hej|c said,ij: "ThisHf. 5 is j(;the place!"had done, trapping and hunting, and because there When he saw;J<

was something of financial advantage. But they

went there because they had to go; because they were I have seen every building in Salt Lake City, with

driven. And they went, too, bethe exception of some dwellings,

cause Brigham Young announced erected within my lifetime. I was

that he had seen the Salt Lake ValTXTRACTS from a speech deborn where the Zion's Cooperaley in a vision, and that that was -J livered at Scottsbluff, Nebraska, tive Mercantile Institution now the place for the Mormons to loin 1929. Here we are brought face stands. That was my homestead

cate. to face with the youthfulness of where I first saw the light of day.

first Its the West. intermountain I can street the remember as main mountains, in the he was While settlers their built cotwhite log patches, cabbage patches, tomato dissuade tried tages to years the to a prior his only brother few own fruit orchards. and seen I have its birth President of Grant. Where effect, in said going. He from him entire the city. that of deserts a growth then supported mere handpeo- are the taking "Brigham, you ful Indians, of means hard of by

ple to a place you know not where. work and unswerving purpose, they

We are in the mountains; we are have been made to support hundreds

running short of provisions, and I of thousands of people.

am in favor of your going back to

Americans

Lief Christopher before Columbus, Erickcopper-colored skin, though unacquainted the withLONG in ways of whitemen, their explorers great son, of the other modern or any own realm were discovered America, these two huge continents, hidmen.

den in the midst of an illimitable ocean, were popuCyrus E. Dallin, famous Utah sculptor, has caught

lous. Had not Joseph Smith, through the instruthe spirit of the race in his great figure of Massasoit

mentality of the Lord, brought forth the Book of which stands in the rotunda of the Utah State CapiMormon which tells of immigrants who came here tol. No one can look into that face with its poetic

in the dim ages of the past, the antiquity of the native lines without knowing that Mr. Dallin, who must

Americans would still be certain. have known Indians well in his youth, has caught

The spade, a significant instrument in the field of the spirit of a truly great people.

history, is constantly testifying to the age of the Frank B. Linderman, in telling the story of Plentynative American and also to his nobility and the qualcoups, Chief of the Crows, refers to several matters

ity of his ancestry. The recent discoveries in Mexico, which indicate this nobility of birth; among them is

reported, we are happy to say, by a fullblooded Inthis bit: "Why are such cures not practiced today,"

dian, are of great importance. They declare in no was a question Mr. Linderman says he frequently

unmistakable language that behind the native Amerput to Indians regarding the miracles of healing about icans whom European explorers found here, there was which old men spoke. "Plentycoups said, 'Such

a civilization of which any ancient people might be things were done long ago by good men who were proud. wise. Nobody now understands what our Wise

To the Latterday Saint who has read of the proud Ones knew before the white man came to change this ancestry of Lehi, the name, the Noble Redman, someworld. Our children learn nothing from us, and,

times applied with curling lip to the Indian, is most watching the young whites, have no religion. I hope,

fitting. To them he is a son of promise upon whose if they cannot find and hold firmly to our old beliefs,

head great blessings have been pronounced. He is no that they will learn the religion the white man teaches

fast and cling to it, becauseoutcast. have been prodigal, but he is legitiHe may "all men must have a religion, live.'if they inherit. would willmate, and

Europeans who first came to these shores were imThose are the thoughts of a great man.

pressed with the native dignity and proud bearing of Here is another touch that is revealing. Mr. Linderall Americans. They recognized that these men with man says: "Near Pryor I met Chief Bellrock, who

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 259

is eightyfive, and alert in both mind and body. He Mr. Linderman's story as well as almost any other

leaned far from his pony to shake my hand and tell written by a sympathetic person, pays unconscious me that his heart sang because of our meeting. 'I shall tribute to the real American. There is something

not see many more snows,'he said, his kindly face alabout him that makes him appear to be of big calibre.

most happy. I experienced the feeling that always To the native, the real American, the Indian whose

leaving speaks of warrior comes an old when to me life intertwined the people that of with was Mormon this life, here lived that believed Bellrock he had separate, this issue but remained of the which Imwisely plentiful that awaited reward and well, and is Era provement dedicated. May all of his promis of never doubt beyond. him There any shadow realized. ised blessings be

in these expressions by old Indians concerning death and a future life. They do not merely imply belief, Note: Quotations were taken from the book, "American,"a

but carry the positive declaration, 'I know!'life story of a great Indian, by Frank B. Linderman.

Body, Mind and Spirit—Triune Eternal

T N the name of our God, we set up our banners! healthy condition. To stimulate nerves with drugs;

-* Each year the Mutual Improvement Assoto create within oneself the craving for tobacco and ciations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday alcohol is to lower the normal power of wellbeing.

Saints send forth a statement of faith. It is a banner Food, drink, rest in proper kinds and amounts

create a desire for activity and exercise, and in these of belief, set high for all to see—a slogan to help them

in their efforts to realize their ideals and put them into is to 'be found physical health. If one wishes to go

their daily lives. so far as to include the financial aspect of physical life,

is "We stand for Physical, Mental and Spiritual one can see immediately that the Word of Wisdom

Health through Observance of the Word of Wis- a safe guide. To save the money one might spend on

dom,"is the slogan for the present season; and in tobacco, tea, coffee, and liquor and to care for it wisethose few words is given a recipe for abundant life ly is to render oneself independent.

and a fulness of happiness. Mental health is another name for intelligence,

What is the Word of Wisdom, through which we which we know to be God's glory. Poise, clarity of

declare our determination to find health of body and vision, alertness to grasp problems and to see posmind and soul? A few rules to govern the temporal sibilities of solution, ability to understand and apprewelfare of all who are called saints; a formula for ciate the literature and art of the world, openness of

sanity and peace, having the inescapable force of inmind to accept new truths; balance of mind to retain spiration. Years before health and hygiene advisers old ones; discrimination; sanity—all are parts of menwere declaring against tea, coffee, tobacco and liquor tal health. And only through willingness to leave

generally; before manufacturers were advertising the alone the things which cloud faculties, blur vision,

benefits of their fruit, vegetable and grain products, distort truth and caricature beauty can one achieve a young man, clear of eye and of brain, was given to the power of mental health.

know that certain things were conducive to health and Spiritual health is the greatest health of all, for that others were not. And the message bore the stamp without it, the health of body and of mind is purof authority, for it was given by the Maker of both poseless, impotent, wasted. Harmony with the voice

the foods and those who would partake of them. of authority; obedience to the laws of the land and

Accepted by the Church as more than simple words of God; the selfrespect which comes as a result of

of counsel, the laws were adopted as an official part loving ones'fellowmen; all these combine to create

of "Mormonism,"and through observance Latterspiritual health; and the observance of the Word of

day Saints expressed their sincerity. Several generaWisdom puts one in an attitude which builds spirittions have passed since the revelation first was given; ual health.

children have grown up and become parents of chilPhysical health can be impaired through the breakdren who have grown old. But still the importance ing of physical laws; it can be increased through obeof the Word of Wisdom is recognized by members of dience to such laws; and the Lord has said that those

the Church, and is being strengthened by the scientific who do obey them shall "run and not be weary, and facts which are given out by experts engaged in reshall walk and not faint."Mental health is decreased

search and experimentation. "We Stand for Physiby allowing the germs of envy, of suspicion, of doubt

cal, Mental and Spiritual Health through Observance to enter and hold sway; but the Lord has promised

of the Word of Wisdom."What more can life offer that all "who remember to keep and do these sayings"

than health along the three lines specified? shall find wisdom and great treasures of knowledge.

Physical health refers to the condition of the body. Spiritual health disintegrates through disobedience.

Nobody disputes the statement that the kind of fuel Living the commandments of the Lord and the used in an engine determines the efficiency of the maamendments to the constitution makes for spiritual chine. Equally selfevident is the assertion that the health; mental and physical health supply the power

food one eats affects the entire body for good or ill. to live in such a way as to insure health of the spirit.

To eat rich foods, flesh of beasts and fowls in too With one voice the 100,000 members of the great measure, unbalanced diets of too highly refined Mutual Improvement Associations send their call out products and not enough natural vegetable food is to onto the wings of the air, where it can travel, unbring on certain irregularities in digestion with inhindered and unchallenged, the world around for all evitably unfortunate results. Sluggish body proto hear and believe. They stand for physical, mental

cesses; lack of vitality and energy, unsatisfactory diand spiritual strength through observance of the

gestion are causes contributing to a generally unWord of Wisdom!—E. T. B.

Co'urtesy Utah Photo Materials Co.

An Old Indian Photograph by Albert Wilkes

This centenarian was in or near Emigration Canyon when the Pioneers of 1847 entered Great Salt

Lake Valley, according to a statement he made to Mr. Wilkes. He declared that some of the "squaws"

had sore feet and limped as they came along.

The photograph, one of the best Indian studies ever made in Utah, was taken thirtyfive years ago on the upper Provo. The veteran Indian fell in a fire soon afterward and was burned to death. His

name Mr. Wilkes does not remember, but is of the opinion that residents along the Provo River will remember him.

DelightsomezA People

By C. Frank Steele

Here is a remarkable story which has been told and vouched for by many reliable men and women of Canada and the United States.

Mr. Steele is an editor of a nemospaper in

Canada and is well acquainted with the situation he describes.

"And then shall they rejoice; for they shall know that it is cation and instruction in inIndian Family

a blessing unto them from the hand of God; and their scales dustry and homecraft which is

geneyes: shall and begin to fall darkness many from theirof

a fast lifting the Indian to a higher cultural plane. shall be save they shallerations them not among pass away

I am sure, arewhite and delightsome people."—II Nephi 30:6. '"pHE Bloods—and other Indians,

T happened in Cardston, Alberta, this incident Bookbecomingof Mormona "whiteforetells.and delightsomeEspeciallypeople"are the aschilthe

I thatwhichis takingbroughtplacehomeamongto meourthenativetransformationraces, those drenextraordinarilyof the presentfair generationcolor as theof pictureBloods oftakingthe Indianon an remnants of Father Lehi's family who have claim child accompanying this article reveals. This young

upon the foregoing prophetic promise. Indian, his wife, and child have enjoyed the benefits

I had inspected the of this new Indian new Blood Indian training. The child's

hospital on the reserparents are graduates vation near Cardston of the Indian school;

and all but beneath the child was born the shadow of the under the best of care

Great White Temple. in the Indian hosThis government pital; the family lives

hospital with its wide in a comfortable cotcorridors, spacious tage and daily come wards, well equipped under the influence of operating rooms, Christian morals and dainty children's religion.

nursery, attractive maternity ward and Indian Plowing Outfit The Blood Indian tribe which comes other modern features proved a revelaBlood Reserve, Alberta. into the closest contact with the Lattertion and delight. day Saints in Canada were members of

Here was a striking illustration of white man's culthat powerful "League of Nations"known as the ture brought to a savage people and its effects in upBlackfeet Confederacy. The tribes making up this

rooting disease, blessing native mothers, reducing ingreat alliance—Bloods, Piegans and Sarcees—occufant mortality, and contributing to the gradual inpied that wide expanse of prairie and foothill councrease in numbers of a race formerly slowly dying try between the Red Deer river in Alberta and the

out. Moreover, this splendid hospitalization service Missouri river.

reflected the humane and statesmanlike policy of both The traditions of these tribesmen are fascinating.

the Canadian and American governments in dealLong years ago when their forefathers settled along ing with the Indian problem, a program of eduthe sources of the Missouri and Saskatchewan rivers 262 The Improvement Era for March, 1932 a chief had three sons—Karma, the

Blood; a second, Piegan; and a

third who was nameless.

One day the old chief took from the fire that was burning near his winter lodge a piece of halfburnt stick. Wetting the stick he rubbed it on the feet of his nameless

son, the young man's feet soon becoming blackened by the charcoal.

With this ceremony the father named his third son Satsquea or

Blackfeet.sons—how Thusfrequentlyfrom isthesethe numthree

berology—came"three"foundthe in threeIndian leadingmythUpper: Threshing the 200,000

Southern Alberta Indian tribes.. bushel crop of wheat.

composing the Blackfeet ConfedCenter: Indian Father and

eracy, considered equal to the warChild of Blood Reserve, Alberta.

like Sioux who, in their golden Notice the fairness of the child's age, numbered between fifty and skin.

sixty thousand and dominated the Lower: Grain elevators stud

territory from the Black Hills of the prairie skyline.

Dakota to the Rocky Mountains.

say what was effecting this physiPHE Bloods were the most fearcal change other than the general less and intelligent tribe in the influence of civilization.

alliance and the white when recent years the Blood Indian west they provided the Cathcame man 1N olic and Protestant missionaries agency, the schools, hospital and with some of their first converts other institutions have been conalthough they were not easily concentrated at Cardston having been verted to Christianity. The Romoved by the government from the

of the reservation northern end andman Catholic Anglican opposition strong from variin carrydespite pioneerschurches were the ing the Cross to the Bloods and ous quarters. In this way the Inpretty largely have dominated the dians have come into close contact

religious teaching among them. with the Latterday Saints alThey have operated schools and though few have actually joined

hospitals, the new hospital at the church. No missionary work

Cardston being conducted by the has been done among them nor

Order of the Grey Nuns. perhaps would this be advisable

It was Sister St. Patrick, matron right now. The Indians are rapand Mother Superior of the hosidly approaching the day when the

pital, who in answer to a question matter of their enfranchisement made this significant statement: "I will become an issue that the govhave labored among the Indians of ernment cannot longer logically rethis tribe for twentyfive years and sist. When they are permitted to

have observed that the children are exercise the full rights of citizenbecoming fairer. This change has ship they will decide for thembecome especially noticeable the selves who shall minister among

past few years."She could not them. Meanwhile, to start an ac-

; --::*:<*;/*$> tive missionary campaign would doubtless

precipitate a bitter strife.

As it is, the lives of our people, their sincere friendship for the Indian, and the silent influence of the temple, are paving the way naturally and soundly for the proclamation at some future time of the fulness of the gospel.

In connection with the Canadian Indians and the restored gos- (Continued on page 294) V::!.:: By Dan V.

Stephens

"To my dear friend, Hon. Heber J. Grant,

with kindest regards, Oct. 21, 1931."

Giant Cottonwood

at St. Thomas.

Photo by H. R. M.

Tribute to Cottonwoods A Of the Plains Note: The Cottonwood is naPOPULUS FREMONTheir seemingly aimless trails were

large tive of a to portion America, to a feeling paths unerring to be of found TII! With

is it in especially but at home gratitude the appreciation water in a land where waterholes and Deserts the of Plains Great west and half of the Continent, and there it IOgreet you. For eons of time you was precious beyond price.

first endeared itself to the pioneer. have lifted your graygreen, bilTrees grow where there is water,

He never looks upon a cluster of lowy head against the blue sky of but some will like to think that stream along some meandering them deserts. these at the plains great water and you You God planted

as he glides or in Pullman by Motor blessings beast shed the wild to holes your as a beacon upon and man Car, great of the that memories epoch of the "Settling of the West"creatures of this land before the that they might not perish from do not surge upon him. The conraces of men came to conquer and thirst; that he gave you a seed so

tinued recognition of the Cottonsubdue it. You planted your roots fine and delicate that it cannot be

in the daily account of wood his in the watery sands of desert places garnered; that your propagation

travels the throughout the West by explorer, General John C. Fremont, and along the wandering streams could not be trusted to the hand of

led to the naming of the common that come out of the mountains. man, but rather, to the wild winds

Cottonwood of the plains in his So fixed was your habit that the of heaven that carry your seed to honor—Populus Fremontii. wild beasts of the land gave dumb water wherever it may be found

D. V. S. recognition to your magic powin glen and dell and Buffalo wallow.

ers. Your spreading branches You are the tree of plain and

wefe to them a symbol of water (Continued on page 268)tt4$ttt44*ttt

Ancient By Franklin S. Harris

President of Brigham Young University

pies extending through many centuries of time.

The best known of these important ancient cities, because of; its

proximity to world trade routes, is San Juan Teotihuacan. I

should like to have you go with me on an imaginary trip to this old city.

CAN JUAN TEOTIHUACAN is about twentyfive miles northeast of the City of Mexico beyond the border of old Lake Texcoco which occupied the center of the Valley of

Mexico. We might go

by train, but it is a littie more convenient to

Temple of the Sun take an automobile Allow me to

San Juan Teotihuacan San Juan Teotihuacan take the steering wheel and the all the countries of the whom he came in contact makes megaphone.

world probably none is very fascinating reading; however, We go northward from the CityOFricher in romance, history, we are not now

and archaeology than our neighbor concerned with to the south. From Yucatan to what Cortez

Sonora, Mexico is filled with monfound. Instead let

uments in stone telling of the rise us consider the and fall of civilizations during unmuch older civilcounted centuries before the period izations, the recwhich has left its records in the anords of which were nals of history. not left in the

The story of the conquest of printed page but

Mexico by the Spaniards makes a onjy in remnants romance scarcely equaled in fiction. of cities and palCortez and his band of daring aces built of stone.

conquistadores more than 300 Throughout years ago found a civilization far Mexico in the in advance of that encountered in jungles of the hot land, as well as Temple of Quetzalcoatl in the forein ground; Temple Sun of the acin parts temperate valleys are America. ofother mountain The distance; the center Temple of

the discoveries cities representing of great of his remains andcount at the left. Juan San Moon

conquests of the peoples with the civilizations of different peoTeotihuacan.

Cities./Mexico

No mere traveler can talk with more authority or understanding about the ancient cities of Mexico than can Franklin it*

Stewart Harris for the reason that he has been around the world, has visited the ancient ruins of many countries, has an unusual educational background, speaks the

Spanish language fluently, and in addition is well acquainted with the Book of Mor-

1*smon. He will write of another of Mexico

most famous ruins in a future issue.

The Citadel San Juan Teotihuacan.

past Guadalupe with its famous directly to this and after a good shrine built over the spot where deal of puffing find ourselves on the Virgin is supposed to have aptop of the structure, which is peared to a peasant youth, four 216 feet high. It is composed

hundred years ago; we drive on by of five distinct pyramidal secthe deep canal built under the ditions or terraces which narrow

rection of President Diaz to drain as they ascend. A broken series

the Valley of Mexico. We skirt of thirtyeight wellworn steps

the edge of old Lake Texcoco, leads from the ground to the switch past the point where Corfirst terrace. What a multitude

tez in 1519 found a center of culof people must have passed over ture, and on out to San Juan Teothese stones to wear them so tihuacan. This name is Aztec and much! Sixtyeight steps lead Side of Pyramid of Tenayuca.

means the place where the gods reto the second level; fortyeight

side, although the ancient city is of to the third; twenty to the has now been entirely removed.

a preAztec period. fourth; fortyeight to the fifth. I have read statements that the

As we approach the ruins the From here is about fifteen feet to Pyramid of the Sun is larger than most conspicuous object is the the summit, on which there any of the pyramids of Egypt, but

Pyramid of the Sun. We drive was previously a temple which this is not the case. When I

climbed the great pyramids of Cheops in

Egypt I encountered very much greater difficulty than in climbing the Pyramid of the Sun.

The latter is only 216 feet Jhigh, while the former is 451! feet—aloccupies each though

about thirteen acres of land. pROM the Pyramid of the Sun we are able to look over the entire ancient city, which was about four miles long by two miles wide.

An area of 494 acres designated as the archaeological zone and containing the more important ruins, is now set aside.

Part of the temple of Quetzalcoatl at San Juan Teotihuacan. Off to the north and

266 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

west we see the Pyramid of the work. One authority thinks the historic civilizations. The City

Moon which is about 150 feet ruins are preChristian, but most of Mexico itself is built on some high with a base measurement of of the archaeologists think that part of these. One of the interesting

426 by 511 feet, and with a of the building at San Juan Teotiplaces that has but recently been crowning platform about 19 feet huacan was made by the Toltecs excavated is known as Tenayuca.

square. Like the Pyramid of the who occupied the valley of MexIt is northwest of the City and

Sun, it,is composed of five layers ico before the Aztecs. From the near the edge of the valley to the

of earth and volcanic rock. Origevidence at present known to scienwest of the famous Guadalupe

inally the outer surface of both tists we are unable to say just who shrine.

pyramids was faced with masonry were the builders of this city; we In going to Tenayuca we drive

and then plastered over with a can say, however, that many cenout on one of the four great causecoating of fine mortar made of ceturies before the period when we ways that lead from the old city, ment. Much of this has now been have any written history of this which was built on an island, out

removed. place, enlightened peoples dwelt to the mainland. This causeway

In front of us to the west passes here and built large cities. A govruns west from the center of the

the great Camino de los Muertos, ernment museum near the Pyramid city and is the one followed by or pathway of the dead. Along of the Sun gives much technical inCortez during his disastrous rethis wide thoroughfare are many formation regarding the excavatreat on the noche tviste, or

ancient structures. Off to the south tions for all who wish to pursue sad night, when his small army

about a mile away, we see the great the subject further. was almost destroyed. We go

ruin known as the Temple of Since we are a little tired and past the famous old cyprus tree

Quetzalcoatl Ciudadela under which the army (the Citadel), a vast gathered the morning quadralateral structure, after the retreat.

part of which has reAt Tenayuca we find cently been excavated tc an interesting pyramid show some remarkable about sixtyfive feet stone carvings representhigh and two hundred ing mythological subfeet square at the base.

jects. This great quadUntil recently this was

rangular court, in which thought to be just an there are minor pyraordinary natural hill on mids, covers something which trees were growlike 175,000 square ing. At present most of

yards. The four points the debris has been

yof the inclosure coincleared away revealing a cide with the four very interesting structure.

points of the compass. The outside is covered

Pyramid at Tenayuca. The late with cement plaster and all around

are many stone serpent heads placed A S we look over this great silent Pres.gineerRey L.in Prattchargeandthere.the encity and as we later go about as if to guard the pyramid. A few

the many individual structures we hungry we allow ourselves to be feet from the main structure we are impressed with the tremendous taken to a fonda for dinner. It observe a number of well sculpamount of work required to build is a very attractive cafe in a great tured coiled serpents.

a city of this kind. It is evident volcanic cave far below the surface

that the people who built it posof the ground. The reaction that 'pHE engineer in charge of the

sessed a relatively high type of civcomes over us in this cool spot excavations takes us into a tunilization and no mean engineering causes us to become somewhat nel that has been driven through skill. drowsy and, as the loud speakers the pyramid. This reveals the fact

Along the Highway of the Dead of a radio that is hidden behind that the inside is composed of a we come to one structure which the rocks of the cave send forth smaller and older pyramid about a shows that the city was built by their announcements in a foreign hundred and ten feet square. The

two successive civilizations, one language, we almost have the illuwhole thing is made up of rock building directly on top of the sion that voices are speaking to us placed irregularly in mud mortar, ruins of the other. The surface out of the ground telling the hisbut the outside is faced with a pink

ruins of one series of buildings tory of the sturdy races which so granitelike stone laid in cement.

have been excavated, then later exmany centuries ago built so well This is but one of the many cavations have been made of an enand then mysteriously disappeared. auxiliary structures which, altirely different set of buildings unEverything of a temporary nature though less pretentious than the

derneath, the lower ones having has gone but the imperishable great city of San Juan Teotihuano relation to the upper. In the monuments in stone remain to can, is nevertheless decidedly interbasement of the bottom structure preach eloquent sermons regarding esting. It adds to the testimony

we find a well from which we got the learning and skill of those who borne by the other archaeological a drink of fine water. erected them. remains that in this region mighty

peoples once dwelt who perfected

A UTHORITIES are not entireTenayuca jfegMj civilizations comparable to the anly in accord as to just when TN the valley of Mexico there are cient civilizations of any part of each of these civilizations did its many other monuments of prethe world.

GibbsHyrum Smith By James E. Talmage

Of the Council of the Twelve

tion of these gifts and powers has been abundantly manifest in the ministry of our recently departed brother.

Between him and me there has been a bond of affectionate regard as strong as that of family relationship and this, beginning with our first acquaintance, has increased through the score of years during which we have been closely associated in the councils and service of the Church. He was

ordained to his exalted office five months and a day after my installation in the

Council of the Twelve; and though he was

then in his thirtythird year and I in my fiftieth, we were juniors together in the assemblies of the presiding authorities. It

was my privilege to be accompanied by

Brother Hyrum G. Smith in many visits

to stakes and wards, and to introduce him to the congregations of the Saints. I not

only knew of him and about him but I came to know him, the man, the bestower of blessings, the Patriarch, the rhoice servant of the Lord.

I have witnessed the development of the patriarchal spirit and power in Brother

Hyrum, and therefore add my testimony to that of nearly twentytwo thousand people who have received their individual all blessings under his hands—that he was

Presiding Patriarch to the Church that the title of his special office in the PriesthoodANOTHER has passed from earth and gone to join the and Church could possibly imply.

goodly company of men who have been orpOSSIBLY he would have manifested in large dedained to this exalted calling in mortality, and who gree those many noble and ennobling traits of his, are officiating in their Divine commission among the even had he not been called to the high place he filled disembodied in the Paradise of the blessed. so well; yet I doubt not those natural attributes and

Priesthood is not bounded by span of earth life; graces were mellowed and sanctified by the spirit of

once authoritatively conferred it becomes an eternal his office. He was a gentleman and preeminently a

endowment of the individual receiving it, save only gentle man, soft and restrained in speech, tender in as he may forfeit that sacred investiture through dealing with the afflicted and distressed, yet bold alike transgression. in proclamation of righteousness and denunciation of

Therefore I envisage my beloved brother and felsin. In high degree he understood the Lord's dislow servant, HYRUM GIBBS SMITH—whose tinction between sin and the sinner; with the one he

earthly tabernacle was left tenantless but a few hours could make no compromise; toward the other, if re-

—asbeforeengagedthese linesin theweredutieswritten,of his onholyFebruaryministry4,among1932 pentant,forgiving hefather.gave forthHis positionencouragementwas thatandof lovefatheras toa

believers in the spirit world. a multitude in spiritual ministry.

CPECIFIC significance and sanctity are characteristic JYRUM GIBBS SMITH iwas the sixth Patriarch of the patriarchal office. The Patriarch is a High to the Church in the current dispensation, and

Priest, ordained to service of counselorship, leadership directly succeeded his grandfather, John Smith, who and presidency as he may be called and set apart. But had served in that capacity through a period of fifty -

the patriarchal authority is especially that of officially six years. The line of Patriarchs to the Church,

invoking, pronouncing and bestowing blessings in the otherwise known as Presiding Patriarchs, is this:

name of the Lord upon worthy recipients. Realiza- 1. Joseph Smith, Sen., father of the Prophet

268 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

Joseph Smith, ordained December T ET it not be assumed, however, 18, 1833; died September 14, that eligibility as to lineage

1840. justifies one in laying individual

2. Hyrum Smith, son of Joseph claim to the office of Presiding

Smith, Sen., ordained January 24, Patriarch. The man who attains

1841; martyred at Carthage, Ilthis position must be nominated by

linois, June 27, 1844. the constituted Authorities of the

3. William Smith, when orChurch and sustained by the vote

dained in the summer of 1845 of the Church membership. Hyrum

was the youngest living brother of G. Smith was found worthy of

the Prophet Joseph; he was never call and ordination to this imsustained in the office by a vote of portant office, and his acceptance

a general conference, and was exby the Lord is demonstrated in the communicated from the Church in inspiration that has characterized

October, 1845. his service.

4. John Sm'iith, familiarly Hyrum Gibbs Smith came to

known as "Uncle"John Smith, hold the keys of patriarchal ordained a Paauthority, that triarch January is to say the 10, 1844; set place of presiapart as PresidAbove: Hyrum dency in the pa-

i n g Patriarch Smith,of the Prophetbrother triarchal orderJanuary 1, Joseph. as established in

1849; died May the restored John 23, 1854. He Smith,Left: known Church. Conwas the brother as "Uncle"temporary p a-

of Joseph Smith, John. triarchs, or, e-

thereSen., vangelical minand Right: Johnfore uncle isters, ordained of the Smith, son of

Prophet Joseph Hyrum Smith. and set apart to

Smith. No picture of local jurisdic-

c h as 5. John Smith, Joseph Smith, tion—s u

son of Hyrum Senior is availhave been connamed above, able. stituted to offiordained Februciate within the

ary 18, 1855; Stakes to which

died November they belong 6, 1911. have looked to

6. Hyrum Gibbs Smith, grandcupied by the eldest man in each the Presiding Patriarch as their

son of John Smith last named; orgeneration of the family in which counselor and adviser and have redained May 9, 1912; died Febit was first instituted for the rejoiced in his guidance.

4, spectiveruary It dispensation. 1932. so was three lacked but ministry IS1 in the case his and immeof Adam office of Presiding Patriarch'"PHE of a score in covering months diate posterity in H so and remains

the in preserved filled been has thus good works with this dispensation. is indiThis years-—years

effect Sen., Smith, posterity of service, Joseph of the and devoted cated as in the revelation recorded

father of the Prophet, except in the section 107 of the Doctrine and which shall extend beyond the case of "Uncle"John Smith, who Covenants: grave wherein his body shall rest,

officiated during the early youth of The order of this Priesthood was conand shall endure throughout eterJohn Smith, son of the martyred firmed to be handed down from father nity.

to son, rightly and belongs to the Smith.Patriarch Hyrum

of seed, the chosen in accordance with the descendants This is to whomliteral hisMayfamilydivineand consolationkinsfolk, andattendbe the promises were made.

revealed order respecting this poThis order was instituted in the days felt by the host who rightly call it be ocof Adam, and came down by lineage... him blessed! sition and calling—that

s> *)csggi. <*

Continued fromA Tribute to the Cottonwoods of the Plainspage 263 desert, the friend of man and beast, 'T*HE emigrant who followed cept your blessings as a matter of

O populus gigantia. When the your signs found water and fact and without recognition or

white man came in teeming thoushelter, and there, by your great appreciation, but your reward is sands, he left his bones to mark the shadowy body he built his fire and your continued existence in a harsh new trails he made into the desert, camped for the night. The lullaby, land where the law of the survival

while those who got through, folwhich you forever sing, lulled to of the fittest operates with deadly lowed in the footsteps of wild sleep the homesick mother and chilcertainty. Your hardy head is forcreatures and Indians that led unerdren, and forever as long as they ever lifted to the sky and your

ringly to your graygreen billowy lived they loved you past undersweet lullabies run forever through heads against a brazen sky. There standing. tragic memories of the pioneers of

they knew water was to be found. O Populus Fremontii! We ac- a great epoch.

Greatness in Men

Superintendent Geor Smith By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

President of Liberty Stake

Few men in the intermountain West can count as many warm friends as Elder George Albert Smith. President Hinckley in this article tells why.

are: Samuel Smith,GEORGE chairman of the ALBERT committee of Safety SMITH at Topsfield, Massais an outstanding s a h e 1 AAmerican of citizen. He chusetts;Smith, son Samloves the land that uel Smith, who was

gave him birth and also of Topsfield, the flag that waves Massachusetts; Jonover it. His sires athan Farr; Timhave followed the othy Chase, aide to

stars and stripes in General Washingbattle and maintainton, and Richard ed the Constitution Lyman, orderly serin the vicissitudes of geant to General peace. Patriotism is Putman.

born and bred in him. His gifted and THUS it is seen

illustrious father, that not only his

John Henry Smith, immediate ancestors, had a patriotic pride, but his forbears for a passionate love for generations, have this land of liberty been liberty loving and for the republic Americans, fostering which our fathers in every way true established here. patriotism and carGeorge Albert is rying forward the

a descendant of Edpurposes expressed ward Winslow of in the Preamble of the Mayflower, who the Constitution of later became Goverour common counnor of the Plymouth try. He has a proud

Colony. Among his inheritance and is

ancestors are also the worthy of it.

original families of John Henry

L i b b y, Freeman, Smith, who was a

Hovey and Lord, all counselor in the of New England. First Presidency of

Some of his Revothe Church at the lutionary ancestors time of his death, a

270 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

and Detroit, in and Rochester in as one remembered bewill always vicepresi- elected been twice has eloimpressive and the mostof organization. national the of dent as faith and the of defendersquent delivlast he 22nd February On courage. and vision of leadera Lincoln joint at a address ered an genial and something wasThere service Memorial Washington and presence aboutchivalrous him—his Springfield, in held Illinois—to prestige any and dignityadded

cause or company. Our modern very distinct honor.

reclamation service owes a lasting ]E has sought always, and in thedebt of gratitude to him and to his H most enlightened and practiloyal son, George Albert. The cocal way, to further the interests of

operation and support which these his country and to promote its genmen brought to this cause is, in a eral welfare as only a truehearted large degree, responsible for its sucAmerican can do. Thus he has

cess. added lustre to a name already

servpatriotic of deeds bright with George that records showHPHE this line family ice. the All down where this work up took Albert flag but saluted the only has not to gave it laid and father down his

it battle backed in and has followed electwas it support. loyal He his stern and their with Americanism Internathe of vicepresident ed been deeds. valorous have They at held Congress Irrigation tional rightmilitant for peaceloving but

reelect- in 1913, Canada Calgary, eousness. at Sacramento, vicepresident ed

and elected It is a matter of interest to know in 1914 California as a he was Farr that Sarah young and man Henry John at El this Congress of president marriage. their time the of of iho:Smith Guard National the in m active in 1915. Texas, Lucy. Albert and Smith George Center: first sergeant. as Paso,,., Utah, married, elected,. presiwere they just before was In he 1917 Woodruff the for cavalry, Troop servingC—First Smith. Albert George International very the Dry young of Lower: Adent

enof full term at CongressFarm rides listment. He held session the

grace a horse with Illinois Peoria,at skill.and elected presiand His

of the Comdent interpretais religion tion of Irrigation bined a true to his index and Farm Concharacter. His regress at Kansas ligion is not docCity in 1918. trine in cold storThis is indeed a age. It is not

splendid record of theory. It means

service. to him than he more 1898 In a plan beautiful reappointed was It to be admired.

ceiver of Public is more than a Disand Moneys of for philosophy Agent bursing life. of To one PresiUtah by turn his practical

t McKinley e n d religion of mind reap- later and in is the spirit

Presiby pointed a man J which Roosevelt. dent he lives, in which

first the was He kind a to say it if only be things, does federal a receive to Saint Latterday His water. cold of a cup give or word War the World During appointment. deeds. in expression find religion must Council State the of a member was he of details the into over carry It must the of chairman was and Defense of the in itself manifest it life; must daily Relief. Syrian and Armenian undervirtues which rugged stern and the in is shown country of love His to it him compels living; all lie sound in taken has he which part active very his prowith square practices his make Amerithe of Sons the of Society the his of true is equally fessions. This chapas served has He Revolution. can is Smith Albert George Americanism. was Society and Utah the of lain is never diction. He not action, of a man in 1918 branch this of president elected passive rendering just satisfied with year, and following the reelected and conare endeavors his All service. of a as member repeatedly served has for crusader a is natural structive. He dele- a was Managers. He of Board the justice. and righteousness the of Congress National the to gate some with connected officially is He City, York in it met New Society when indusand commercial leading the of Jersey, in held New meetings the at also

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 271

inent merchants in the City of is never idle for his pastime is savLondon who were entertained ing and helping people.

for six weeks by the British There are to his credit many

Drapers Association. It is a achievements, but perhaps the field

long call from the dust and noise of his finest endeavor has been the of the factory to the position as Young Men's Mutual Improvethe official representative at a ment Association, of which organgreat international gathering in ization he has been general superthe metropolis of the world. intendent for ten years.

In 1919 he was appointed by He has served this organization

Governor Bamberger Simon to in a every almost capacity—from

at the Internarepresent Utah lay to general superintendmember tional Housing Convention in ent. He was stake superintendent

London. at the time he was ordained an

He attended the public schools apostle. The Salt Lake Stake, over

of Salt Lake City, the Brigwhich he then presided, was made ham Young University at Provo up of about forty wards and covand the University of Utah. He ered Salt Lake County. With his

is a keen observer, has traveled characteristic zeal he gathered about extensively and mingled with him a corps of the most capable young leaders, organized his work, Father Victor Herring and

George Albert Smith developed his plans and carried forward his program with remarktrial enterprises able efficiency. Permeating the enof Utah. At tire movement was a spiritual vitalpresent he is ity which comes only from superior

director and leadership.

vicepresident of Utah SavHPHE deeds which will last longings and Trust est and shine the brightest in

Company; dithe affections of. those who know

rector and vicehim best will not be his public president o f utterances, his patriotic service, his

U t a h-Idaho business ability, nor the stimulatSugar Company; p r e s i-

dent of Libbey I n ves t ment Company; director of Z. C.

M. I.; director

at the glen in Cabin Ahove: and J. Grant 8 Companyof Heber Smith. Albert George the home of Creamery of Mutual directora evehis summer he spends Here

Company. He was formerly a dinings.

of Bank, Nationalrector of Utah Lower: George Albert Smith—of and Theatre Lakethe Salt anil Junior. Senior

Decker Wholesale Jewelry Company. has learning of liberal and men his vision his and judgment, His a train- a culture acquired and thus coupled integrity,unquestioned give. colleges ing which do not things bringing for capacity awith

have think, we would, passto of the leaving University /\N busithe in place a for himmade of became he a member Utah if he had financial worldness and laid out party the surveying which that in talents time and hisdevoted Railroad the Rio Grande Denver &direction.

River. east It was Green from

AS a boy he very early learned while working in this capacity that "the meaning of hard work and his eye sight became permanently felt the weight of responsibility. impaired as a result of the heat and

At the age of thirteen he was emglaring sun of that desert country.

ployed in the Z. C. M. I. overalls This was an irreparable loss to him

factory and afterwards in other deand had it not been for his inhandicap. a serious Notproved positions of thepartmentsstitution—someand positions of that indomitable will it might have

this read he is a well withstanding subseHewere very humble.

quently became a director, and had man. Providentially this very

the honor of representing the inhandicap has forced him to work stitution at a gathering of promin a field of greater importance. He

272 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

ing power which he imparts to all fidence, to awaken the good that the movements and organizations slumbers in their souls, has enabled with which he becomes connected, him to do some of the most preciand we would not minimize any ous work that men ever do. He

of these for they are important; has the priceless gift of planting

but the deeds which will forever hope in the human heart, of readorn his life have been done in storing confidence and starting men quiet ways. His supreme work has anew on the path that leads to

been accomplished in unseen places peace and selfvictory.

and at unknown hours, and often with forgotten and neglected peoHPO get a faint glimpse of some ple. of the best things he has done

He has been indeed a one needs only to talk with a father to the fatherless strong man whose locks are now and a friend to the fortouched with gray and whose saken. His solicitude for tender heart throbs with gratithe welfare of the young tude when he tells you what

people has found exhe did for him. This man had bepression in an individcome a victim of drink and was in

ual missionary work of the depths of degradation and dethe most farreaching spair when George Albert Smith and effective character. found him and put hope and resoHis unfailing kindness, lution in his heart and started him

his implicit faith in huanew on the road to permanent manity, his rare ability happiness and splendid achieveto reach the hearts of ment. This gray haired man has

boys, to win their conbeen signally successful with thouGeorge Albert Smith sands of boys and girls, and, out and friends who reof his own bitter experience, has

George Albert Smith ceived the Silver Beaver been able to better understand the

The Trail Blazer for distinguished construggles and soul tragedies of othtributions to Scouting. (Continued on page 295)

;...........:..:'.':

>y Gladys Hendrickson

Illustrated by Mary Roberts

Here is a prose poem—a bit of

whimsical March itself.

LOATHEit!"Jeanie's"I voice was heavy

with bitterness.

Then she clapped her slender, workroughened hand over her mouth. She

felt as guilty as though she had"No—no,stolen an altarI mustn'tcandle.hate it—I can't let myself! took his hand. and "She went to him the But wind—Oh, why turn- 'It's wonderful,''whispered, shecan't the stop?"wind

As if in answer, the wind rose ingwind."her face up to the caresses of the

in a thin, eerie wail, and whipped a tumbleweed across the dusty road. The weed caught in the

bars of the north section gate, and the dust and wind brushed on, whirling across the dry surface of the plowed field.

"I'm caught, too, trapped as you are, little tumbleweed, and I must the socks were defective until the work to be done than they could look forward to nothing but endnext pair wore through in exactly do. The heat and strain were

less days of dust and heat and the same place. She had learned showing on them both, and Seth

deadly monotony, and through it that it was Seth's long toes atseemed to feel the discontent that all, this wind—it's maddening!"tempting to adjust themselves to was tearing at her. Jeanie could

his hardtoed boots, that caused feel the breach widen between as the across they to tops wear them because them, she but the hated turned from J,EANIE did. place, nerves her and frayed werethe door. She to had enough do Jeanie's to her came back mind the endless of the whining bywithout staring over prairie the

little stuffy the kitchen barren and felt she indifference wind, towardfeeling sorry herself. for She

hillside visible the from window. settling like a Seth her over down thebrushed sunbleached hair out

The hills rose in drab, unimagin- cloud.of her eyes and picked up her

mending basket. With swift, ative evenness as far to the east as At last, the girl folded the

rhythmic strokes, Jeanie wove a she could see except for the deep cut darned socks into neat little rolls neat little patch across the top of made by Fall Creek. An occasionand carried them to the shabby

the toe of the rough brown sock al clump of aspen, because of their bedroom. As she opened Seth's

she was holding. Seth wore his continuous motion increased the drawer, a paper fell to the worn

stockings out in such a queer place. impression of shimmering heat. carpet. She could see that it was

The discontent in her face was moscribbled on in pencil and that mentarily hidden as she thought of OHE and Seth had it was in Seth's funny, cramped the first socks she had mended for grown apart somehow. It had hand.

Seth. She had been certain that been so hard—there was more (Continued on page 309)

The ackIracker

Frank C. Robertson

Illustrated by Paul Clowes

You will remember that Paddy, the Backtracker—after the

departure of Harvey Hanson, the regular herdei had been shot at and driven away from the herd, by Boggs, eBta, the substitute herder. Snow had begun to

fall, blotting out all tracks, but Paddy had found a small bunch of sheep which had strayed away. The chapter this month deals

with Paddy 1 *s struggles to save those sheep from coyotes and from something worse.

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 275

Part II that one or two coyotes could be hurled from the huddle. In

sound like a horde, but there were blind panic it would try to get past it; of specter front in all the gray the morning enough to cause plenty of trouble. I.N

yards, and for a few run would or seen sheep of eitherthat could be dog were little mounds of snow. then attempt to break back to the

the lost band bunch. Always the move wasPaddy was the first to arise and OOON

shake the three inches or more of began to shake the snow out of fatal. The silent gray form which

snow from his body. Alarmed, their fleeces and the bolder ones had been watching close to the

the sheep sprang up and stood pushed cautiously forward. There edge of the huddle was always

little that could grass be reachwas it there to the animal meet whenlooking at him in bovine conthen. just browsed ed They the herd. Long, back at the broke towardfusion.

a while, for but they ceased, but it underbrush storm had The something that seemed to sense was leanthe foolishjaws snappedewe wentviciouslyheels overand weather. zero below Paddywas

every strange sound At head,felt cold, and came down with a sevhe was wrong. and and numb into a stampede they would jugular. hudered loins. great hissore across the But

dle, withdrew they which from those of four hungry were There loneliness.trouble wanted was He

caution. the utmost with reached shapes gray Paddy when tohis nose pointedHarvey. He ridge to the trotted over Paddy sat at ridge. the the of top a One to the gave vent and skyward

last the seen main he where had the herd. every of corner Whenof concatenation weird howlslong

the in sight, and It wasn't panicever a luckless became ewewhich voiced the desolation of his herd.

all the covered had recent snow that stricken the one at and bolted,heart.

inyet the tracks. dog knew And leisurely, side arose behind loped drifted far the hills over From

it gone. stinctively had which way then she back, until turned and sent answerback which a mocking lope. a started on he down kill. his others watched made ruff Nose The his hairs of short,the spiny

rigidly erect. Coyotes! From one Then he stopped. Back yonder with interest, but waited patiently

hill and then another came those was the strayed bunch. Harvey for their own turn to come.

ringing yelps like the demoniac didn't leave sheep behind. He No less than six pathetic heaps have would Harvey what knew already lay upon the bloody snow. seemof lost souls.laughter They to set the dog done. He would big doged everywhere. Yet the have tracking he would and traback- his familiar with enoughwas isroar thunderous while Padherd i\ gone on with the they thatditional enemies to know in the the big the lungs of brought sued from triumphantly dy their a in voices changecould way defied his dog. life he sheep All had strays.

and chased coyotes. It was their

OARVEY wasn't here natureed. Perhapsto flee whenthey woulda dog approachturn and

to give the orders now, but the big chase the dog back again, but that dog somehow knew that he should meant nothing. But now, as he

backtrack. It wasn't right to charged down the hill the coyotes

abandon those lost sheep. The moved a little, but they didn't run.

howls of the marauders still rang With bared fangs they awaited the in his ears. He turned back. His onslaught. With the uncanny

steps were slow and listless. Harvey wisdom of the wild they knew

and the sheepcamp had been his their foe had lost his chief support sudwas he moorings, and now too were having They left—-man. All he had cut adrift. denly Secure to run away. much fun

to cling to was a little band of in numbers they meant to stay.

sheep from the herd. Unterrified, the big dog drove

ridge of the the top He reached coyote. nearest at the headlong By

listthe herd, and the overlooking animal sheer weight he upset the lessness fell from and rolled it over. His own mohim like a garmentum carried him past the othment. In the boters. He slid to a stop so suddenly

\ torn of the gulch that the stiff, icy rope he trailed

H the little bunch of writhed over him like a snake.

J sheep were in a In another instant he would huddle s o tight have been attacked from three sides, that a third of but his foes leaped away from that them seemed to be rope. That, they seemed to know,

on top of the othwas no natural part of a dog. It

ers. Occasionally as smacked of man, and they knew

they milled some their great enemy possessed many one of them would insidious tricks. They fled, grinning back at their intrepid assailSoon he was ignoring the ant with bloodflecked jaws.

impudent challenge of the coyotes, except when they actually approached the herd. i ADDY gave chase for

Then he was upon them with a short distance, but he kept stepcold ferocity. (Continued on page 316)

The Temple of Kukalcan

Temple of the Warriors

in Night Chichen ItzaA /STOOD before it in the pale moonlight, By Lucy Beth Cardon

A mortal, gazing with a mortal's awe

On that vast pile of stone, that pyramid,

Scarce grasping, scarce believing that

I saw.

Death's stillness reigned o'er all; yet A martial fete! In gorgeous columns His voice is raised in greeting; as it

as I gazed, come dies A speck moved on that height, but The warriors of the Mayas, file on Ten thousand throats burst forth in made no sound,—file, martial song.

And lot a priest, the teotuctli, stands, March up the FeatheredSerpent temEach statue comes to life, and file on

In Kukalcan's great doorway; all ple stairs file,

around Until their numbers cover the vast pile. They march and countermarch, in

gorgeous throng.

The air is hushed, expectant, quiverThe conchshells waft their warlike ing! music high, The pyramid ablaze with color stands,

His hands are raised, as though to And blended with the rhythmic march- A mass of waving plumes and glitterstrike a blow; ing feet, ing spears,

They fall, and from the temple drum The song the warriors chant rings stirTilmatlis made of feathers, silver there bursts ringly, casques, A thundercrash that rocks the earth And rings again within the moonlit The king's greenfeathered banner oft below. street. appears.

And when it dies, an answering crash And then a silence falls, each man beAnd then, before my eyes, the waving is heard. comes plumes

The Temple of the Warriors is alight A brazen statue, motionless, his face And singing warriors slowly fade away.

With torches, and its myriad columns Turned toward the temple doorway. A shaft of sunlight gilds the temple shine Now, in state, roof—With flashing arms, and feathered garAppears their king, the ruler of his Death claims the sleeping city—it is

ments bright. race. day!

The Vidory Banquet

By Weston N. Nordgren

Center: 900 men

seated at Victory Banquet.

Upper and Lower Real Indian Scouts.

summer and This Conscious."THE public is becoming heart for the activities of "Scout and program campingthe spring clearly demonfact was greatest the that shows

strated by the annual victory banstrides of the year were quet of the Salt Lake Council Boy taken in centers of "MorScout leaders, held recently in Salt mon"population. 900 than more City, whenLake reasons for the of Two was in what gatheredScouters wellorgan- First, are: said this

to be the largest businessbanquet ized local Councils with meeting of a formal nature ever competent leadership; secheld by any organization in the ond, the incorporation of the Boy

state of Utah. Scout program in Y. M. M. I. A.

Comments since the meeting alactivities and correlation with so indicate that the event is the Aaronic Priesthood quorums.

greatest single aid to the Boy Scout As the Scout leaders and visitors program ever received in this inentered they were directed to their termountain area. "district headquarters,"where they

donned feathers, Indian bonnets,

OVE of Scouting, demonstrated robes, and other paraphernalia to by reports issued at the meetrepresent some aboriginal tribe.

ing, and strengthened on the folThen each district was ushered inlowing day by reports from other to the large dining hall. Special

Utah councils, makes Scouters take musical numbers during the turkey 278 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

dinner were given by the DeMolay ferred to. His message impressed "High Tension Club"of Region

chorus and the L. D. S. High boys'those in attendance, and inspired 1 2. Councils must have an annual

chorus. them to greater things in their daily increase of ten per cent to obtain

and Scouting lives. membership.

VX/rHEN Governor George H. This being the annual meeting Comparative figures of Region

Dern faced the huge banquet the officers of the Council for the 1 2 place Utah at the head with one group, he remarked, among other year 1932 were elected as follows: boy of every 2.4 of Scout age, regthings, that he was "proud to be President: Malcolm A. Keyser; istered in Scouting.

governor of a state which included Vice Presidents: Ernest Gayford, In the council during the year

a community containing 800 men Adrian Pembroke, Fred M. Michel44 training courses were given for

who, in spite of the depression son, John M. Boutwell; TreasScouters, with 1024 enrolled and

were determined that this great urer: Frank M. Maher; National 593 completing the courses. Four

characterbuilding program should Committeemen: Russel L. Tracy, courses were incomplete.

go forward."George Albert Smith, Hylon T.

In the auditorium, where a Plumb, Charles G. Plummer, M. '"PHE Scoutmaster's Key, highest

splendid program was given, the D., and W. E. Fife. award for training and actual

business of the meeting was taken daily practice in leading Scouts, up, also. Districts responded to the PRESIDENTS'ribbons were was awarded to six men during the

roll call by answering to their Inawarded to 87 troops enrollyear: Edward A. Evans, commisdian names and doing stunts. ing at least four new Scouts in the sioner Ensign district; Royal Stone,

One of the features of the promovement during the "Beat San commissioner Cottonwood district;

gram was the awarding of silver Francisco"campaign, waged from Neslen Smith, Scoutmaster Troop beaver badges, conferred for disOctober 1 to December 3 1. Eighty105; Leonard Grant Fox, Scouttinguished service to boyhood, upseven troops were thus honored. master Troop 68; Hubert G. Hall,

on Hon. George Albert Smith, Dr. Scout Executive D. E. HamScoutmaster Troop 36; Frank

Francis A. Goeltz, Dr. Charles G. mond made his annual report. Grant, Assistant Scoutmaster

Plummer, E. B. Heisler, John K. Some interesting facts from the reTroop 105.

Keddington port follow. A. and William Dunn,

council has set Salt Lake Theall experience, Scouters of have Consistent advancement who objectives for among these 1932: Scouts with the movement."grown up"was reported, and Scouters

with the total advances in mem160 Troops numbering 4400

A NOTHER surprise feature was bership and rank in 1931 almost Scouts.

the staging of a Shoshone Inequaling that of 1929 and 1930 Every Scout leader in uniform dian war dance by Dewey Pohipe, combined. by the end of the year; with as

Walter Eagle and Andrew Punkin, many as possible being in full uniassisted at the tomtom by Abe '"PHE "Beat San Francisco"idea form by July 4.

Phelps. These Indian Boy Scouts was based on the Scout populaAll Scouts in camp sometime

were accompanied by J. B. Mction of the San Francisco council, during the year.

Gillis, head of the department of October 1, which was 4,1 13. DurAnd looking ahead, into 1933:

land service, Fort Hall, Idaho, Ining the threemonths contest for Every Scout in uniform.

dian reservation, and troop comenrollment, the Salt Lake council Beat Los Angeles in Scout memmitteeman; and Jesse Picotte, gained 736 new Scouts, exclusive bership, thereby taking first place

Scoutmaster of the Indian troop of of Scouts reregistering. One hunin Region 12, and per capita be48 Scouts, who also is head of the dred seven troops registered at least coming not only "the center of

reservation school. one new Scout. This campaign Scouting America,"but the leading

Henry Woonsock, an Indian was in addition to the objective set Scout center of the world!

Scouter from Portage, Utah, led January 1, 1931, to obtain a total Scout leaders of the council prethe combined "tribes"into the asof 3,600 Scouts in 140 troops dict that all of these objectives will sembly hall, and took part on the which quota was passed early in be attained long before the time set program. the year. has expired, giving every home in

Idaho visitors included D. C. This made an increase of 25 per this council, in this state of Utah,

Watkins, Scout executive of the cent in the Salt Lake council ranks, and in this area a vital interest in

Eastern Idaho Area council, with giving this area first place in the the great Scouting game.

headquarters at Pocatello, Idaho, and Dr. Ray J. Davis, speaker of Occupying the Field

the evening, also from Pocatello.

His message, describing the climbCOUNCIL PopulationArea ScoutBoys Ageof TroopScouts RatioScout ing of the Grand Teton peak by Los Angeles 1,053,000 47,385 5,807 1 in 8.1

three Scouts, urged the Scouters to San Francisco 712,000 32,040 4,207 1 in 7.6

"come on up"through Scouting, Oakland 340,000 15,300 2,857 in 5.3

and to encourage others to do the San Jose 248,000 11,160 1,601 in 6.9

same. San Diego 210,000 9,450 1,710 in 5.5

Difficulties and dangers encounHuntington Park 201,000 9,045 1,987 in 4.5

tered on the ascent were likened to Pasadena 200,000 9,000 2,345 1 in 3.8

those found in Scouting, and proof Sacramento 200,000 9,000 1,895 1 in 4.7

that brave hearts were needed in SALT LAKE 218,000 9,810 4,152 1 in 24each venture, was given.

Dr. Davis is an Eagle Scout, and *These ratios are approximate, based on 4 and Vi per cent of the total populaalso has climbed the peak he retion being boys 12 to 18 years of age.

GuestA in theHome By Adah R. Naylor

True Hospitality The Invitation

H AVINGhome needa guestnot bein conthe /pHEthe family,man maybut bethethewomanhead ofis sidered a burden if we are always in charge of the household.

careful to remember that true She is responsible for the managehospitality shares only what ment of the home and for this reait has, and never attempts to son a husband does not ask a guest give what it has not. We do to come and stay in the home withnot win friends, or hold out first consulting his wife. Men

r material would give the impression that entertaining—ffriends by displayo and lavish sometimes, if taken seriously,

things have little to do with they were conductng a hotel free real living. There is no betof charge, from the way they go

does not confine his ter way to show bad taste and ill about giving general invitations toMANpersonality to his body. breeding than to entertain in a friends and sometimes to mere acHe extends himself into manner that is out of all proporquaintances to "Come and visit

everything he does, has or acquires tion to the daily mode of living. some time."Women too are often

invitahost a guilty wholesale of giving modest by warmed home the A clothes the he wears,—into fine sense hostess tions that and have a meaning and have no who does, the books he reads,work he

and the home he makes. All the of welcome is often a much pleashence are in bad taste.

material things which he possesses anter place to visit than the home When you invite a friend to visit and loves he somehow warms with of the millionaire. It is the genial in your home you are conferring

his own life. flow of good will and cordial felan honor, and the invitation

lowship that makes for happy should be given warmly and sinIn numbering material belongtimes. It isn't that wealth procerely, with date and length of

ings a man's home usually stands hibits friendship, but people of visit suggested, "John and I would out as his dearest earthly posseslarge means are often hedged in so enjoy having you spend a week deliv- their possessions formal come and on the by you with us—can is a ing, invitation the of the simtenth?"Sometimession,sires—especiallyand one of ifhishisstrongesthome and so miss many

it with ple pleasures. is set a long time ahead and thepleasant one—is to share

his friends. There is little joy in There are people who hesitate date is necessarily indefinite. An

a thing unshared. "Ceasing to share, to accept the invitations of wealthy Idaho rancher writes to his nephew

we cease to have, such is the law friends because they cannot reciproin the city: "Our family would

life."of life social cate like to spend have you when very much in kind—but

it When a man invites a friend to reaches is dinner us vacation with the stage where your two weeks'—bemake thata sojournrooftreeunderlargehis roofor smalltree formercialdinner,spiritlikehasfor enteredlike, theintocomit thisand ifsummer;you canthelet fishingus knowis aheadgood—he has proffered the most graand friendship has ceased. There of time we can arrange our work

cious gift one friend can make to are many ways to show our apso that we can have several days another. Much is gained when preciation of entertainment given of sport."

friends mingle together, and we us by'wealthy friends. A small Aunt Mary in Salt Lake writes

should visit and invite visits in gift, a modest supper or an into her niece in Southern Utah: "I

return. A guest, if he be the right formal luncheon, when given with hope you are planning on coming

sort, brings new interests in addifine spirit and feeling is a tribute up to April Conference; we are

tion to the charm of his company, that any friend can be glad to acanxious to see you and should enso that we are stimulated by his cept. While true hospitality gives joy having you spend the week

presence, and the entire household without expecting to receive in rewith us. Do write and say that

is lifted up to its best level, so to turn, the person who eats another you will come."

speak. The guest too is benefited, person's bread is a debtor and if These invitations are definite

a change of place and fresh and he cannot repay in kind, he should and sincere and express a real dehappy associations renew the mind give something of himself in apsire for the company of the one inand give a lilt to life. preciation. (Continued on page 311)

Beauty in the Wome By LUTIE H. FRYER

Professor of Home Economics ColorUniversity of Utah to Know It How

as form, proportion, and color from cultivating charts, and apan to mean every interior,MUCHbalance preciative intelligence means of by an obnothing means so to the much eye. serving

beauty a of as color. room principles color of The knowledge, and

color, Without every object that sureffects the physical properties color, and of us, rounds everything that is see lackwe scientifically are demonstrable, are and ing in beauty, gaiety, warmth, sympathy, not matters mere of chance, or guesswork, vitality strength. and colorless house A it imagination. Definitions, is true, such While is dull, drab lifeless. and Because some as are follow, a to about are likely to be

': * '>-;:;.: livepeople in colorless houses or unknowtrifle dull prosy, first and they but must be ingly surround themselves with discord in mastered to order the have pleasure and does not prove that they might not prefer satisfaction of afterwards applying whatharmony were they given the opportunity has learned. been first to learn must Light Weof esthetic cultivation. creep before can to hope run. we walk or The phonograph and the radio broadcasting of best music has brought knowledge of music harmony to many who othThe Primary Colors

erwise little would have opportunity to ium cultivate an appreciation of that is Med which dealing with color must TN we from work good. is there But as no way yet of broadthe foundation supplied three the bycasting harmony color. of inevitably One primary colors: red, yellow, blue. andassociates music with color because both three These colors are called primary orappeal to the emotions, create both visions foundation colors because of none them rk Daof beauty quite as for much those who can be produced the by other of mixing

listenmerely or look as on for those who colors, all while other colors decan becompose or design. rived the from primaries combining by two

all or three of in them various ways, someappears if as some are people born in times conjunctionJT black with white. and

Black a with notable color sense just as others Black and white properly are speaking not are born with a Value notable Scale talent for all; colors at music results black the from absence

it isbut not necessary to a have color of is "heaven white theoretically and the comear"born for in music order to learn all to bination colors. of practical For purlisten to music with apposes, JL however, we may

preciation and pleasure; reckon black white and

isneither it necessary to colors. as

have a "heavenborn eye"1 1-embracing The a for color in order to uncharacter the three of derstand the principle of primary colors which harmony. Much as muwithin their possible

sical facility is accomplished Red GrayedRed Neutral GrayedGreen Green thecombinationsmaking of containall other by learning to read notes, practicing colors. The top circle,

with the fingers, and culFig. I denotes completetivating an appreciative

intelligence by means of 1 ntijnsity,5 ca le ness.three equalThe parts,divisionone intored,

a listening ear, color skill one yellow, and one blue, can be acquired by learndenotes the equal importing the rules of harmony m ance of each of these three

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 231

primary colors. From this diagram as a basis can be deValue

veloped other diagrams which show the derivations and relationship of colors. VTALUE, the second dimension, is the degree of lightness

and darkness of a color. Diagram Fig. II shows us

Second or Binary Colors five rectangles, the top one being white and the bottom one black, while in between are light gray, medium gray high, as being of these speak medium gray. dark and We is directly is derived that color secondary from one A values. and low

seccolors. the the combination primary of As two it comparing of value hue be named by any may The

circle, Fig. I are three there secondary binary or shows,

scale. these Thus, steps the we value of may one on with

violet. green, andondcolors—orange, at the color of ranging orange values from have an brown

Red and yellow combined make orange; yellow and blue bottom to peach at the top; or in the case of red, we may

combined give green; blue and red combined produce violet. have a dark red at the bottom ranging to a light pink at

The three primary and the three secondary or binary hues the top. All of the values or tones between middle value

are generally called the six standard and black are called shades; and those

colors. When a primary and a secbetween middle value and white are

ondary color are mixed an intermedicalled tints. Thus we say, "I chose

ate hue results. If the orange has more a shade of gray for my rug, and a tint

red than yellow in its composition it of gray for the wall, which implies is red orange; if there is more yellow that the rug is darker than the wall.

than red, it is yellow orange. If green A knowledge of the value scale is

is composed of more yellow than blue very important in the study of init is a yellow green; if it is composed terior decoration for it helps us to acof more blue than yellow it is a blue complish the proper gradation of valgreen. If violet has more red than ues which are too strangely different

blue in its composition, it is a red in value, as very dark drapes against violet; if it has more blue than red, a light wall; or from putting light

it is a blue violet. Primary Colors upholstering material upon furniture

Many familiar color names do not of very dark finish.

appear on the chart such as: henna, In the use of gradations of value,

coral, turquoise, burgundy, beige, sand in interior decoration, we follow the and many others, but each of these can Oung, guidance of Nature. If we examine a

be described accurately by using the tree closely, we find that the roots are name of the color to which it is most the darkest value; the trunk is lighter;

closely related. the branches are still lighter and the

So far we have seen how all colors leaves are the lightest of all. Or again,

are created from the three primaries: look out over the valley on a clear

red, yellow and blue. The next imday. Nature usually lays a carpet of dark

portant thing is to know something of Violat values as can be seen in the brown earth;

the properties of color. Tnmary and Secondary Co\ors the greens of the hillsides are lighter

OrangeY.llo Y.I I YellowGreen values,the lightestand tintsfor theof ceilingall. Thus,she reservesin the Properties of Color

Orange. use of values in a room, the floor or rug

npHERE are three properties or dishouldthe ceilingbe darkershould thanbe thethelightestwalls, value.while

are as color of which mensions dissuggest colors light and White as length, another one distinct from foresuggest colors dark while tance an object. of breadth, and thickness dark valnearness. Hence, or ground

value, and are hue, These dimensions for appropriate particularly ues are intensity. VioletBlue floors and rugs because they give to

Viol+ of stability. impression an the room

The Color the size to increase values seem Circle Light Hue of an object. Small rooms may be

TTUE is the term used to indicate made to appear larger if they are decothe name of a color such as blue, rated in light values. Black and dark

green, or russet. The color circle, Fig. I, shows yellow values seem to decrease the size of an object. Therefore,

at the top in the center, and violet falls directly opposite dark colors tend to make a room appear much smaller.

on the lower side of the circle. The hues fall into two

large groups. The colors at the right of the circle near Intensity

the blues are the cool hues, while those on the left side, around red and orange, are the warm hues. Red and "D Y intensity, the third dimension of color, we mean its

orange are the warmest colors; they seem to stand forth strength, purity, or brilliancy. We often speak of soft

boldly and to come towards one, for this reason they are or dulled colors, as soft or dull green. By this, is meant

called advancing colors. Blue and blue purple are the cold- a green which has lost some of its intensity; that is, the

est hues, they seem to move away, hence the term recedcolor is somewhat neutralized or grayed. Fig III. It is

ing. Green is between the warm and the cool hue. It plain, then, that every color has not only a value scale, but

scale begins with intensity scale. intensity also has The an it as grows cool it yellowish and as gets grows warmer

runs a numthrough the color and full of the hue normal objects if are there two these qualities, of Because bluish.

is less intense, or more of one each gradations, which of side, the ber side shapes, similar by exactly size and equal of at neutrality it reaches until one, preceding the grayed, than stand to will seem red one red, the other one color is quality of the scale. Intensity the blue—the of the other end

forth more boldly than the blue and to be actually nearer which makes it possible for a certain hue such as red to the eye. The perception of the red color excites greater whisper, to shout, or to speak in a refined tone. Changes

activity in the optic nerve than does the perception of blue, in the intensity of a color can be brought about by the hence the warmer and more stimulating effect of the red addition of gray or through the admixture of its compleand the cooler, calmer and more subduing effect of the blue. (Continued on page 312)

The Color of Yesterday March Morning Wind

By Ardyth Kennelly By Gladys Hendrickson By Helen Hogenson Romney

I rI morning HIS awaken in ocean, the blows from wind Yesterday. the rTHE color of/REMEMBER * find winter the shaken To -* earth other the ends the of gilt From hair It to your with do had

a song By a mingles madly, eyes. moment And seacolored and geranium mouth And goblin grim and hoary The surf. the the of pounding foam With teaset of blue old to with It do had routed a robin when Was

scarlet thin linen of and yellow And along. Hopped in desert the blows wind from The silver clean jell, the with and cherry Of wail withering a dusty With indefinite lilacs, pink the and I white wet listen to tinkle the Of

desert, the in blows wind from a row. in candles lighted four that the water Of drops sprinkle The Of pitiless gale. unending, An the eaves From

I loved is purring, valley slips in wind from the The to Listen stirring it,meandsingI rememberit in a song!it. IIncanthefeelsunthemynewcat life caressing sigh. a tender With

> *aj&x>*- In the leaves. And ruffles the curls of children

Like the bright lamp of Aladdin As they list to their lullaby.

The Desert Answers The sun has come to gladden The wind is a jolly dancer

Everything a scarf leaves With of autumn By Grace Ingles Frost is a teasing wind playmate The day is gold as honey, The a graceful rustling breeze. T\ OUBT and his companion called ItTheis hillsspring!are warm and sunny. As

*—* Despair The wind is an awful tyrant

were: comrades My roaring swirling breath; with When

after year, year plodded on With me they his feet in stamps passion He their traps for well unwary Laid my In the feet An Etching—Casas Grandes of death. menacing dance

And whispered dark, warped doctrines to By Grace Zenor Pratt is ear. ceaseless a traveler, wind The my

river cottonwoods HE... a eyes beheld carefree troubadour AThen—my you—-*J tender green.. of. spring, sings as passes he You window, Who my

of blossoms, maze peach and fragrant A the desolation embodiment! changing, lore. His mystic Of

plum suns, heat burning of many The heat—the old giant trees and winding left your Then two breast and seared your upon Had

street, brow Its scarring brand. Adobe houses, terrace upon terrace, and Storm and Calm

beyond tears, quenching Nature's of benison The N. Nordgren By Weston hills purple The... a back ground ne'er had known.You

"for the town. furious rI 'silence undisturbed, as HE and profoundA

-*.. church with an open carved tiger door White in of An old follows that the wake which As

death, The chanting of the priests, blackOf the night

Enveloped you, robed in prayer.. Leaps and screams

Save when protesting tones of unslaked The kneeling women, and a peal of bells.. Within its dark,

thirst A glimpse of narrow streets and whiteWalled prison;

Wailed life's lament. washed walls, And lashes its

The lean coyote, the jackal and his brood, And herds returning at the close of Tail, scattering

And that arch fiend whose pinions cleave day. Silver snow.

Against air the the garden walls the trees lean Whirled and lovingly. of In search booty from the bones of man,

Eddied by hard fruit cursed, reptilian trees all Old crawling, the gnarled With a by storm many Gusts of wind, gale: and crowd,—spongy mass, The doorways of And were bid These you us open glance inside Roused from of kith, very flower near than cool your patios more To Your where the shadFeathered clouds, fall. kin. ows

Falls wetly down. the plazas, About lovers, in arm, arm stars! the But, oh, settles, Drifts, Listening to soft music; the and beneficently nearstars charm you had The below. Here of Spain, a the stars blanket did of Aye, woven

cover you: Recalls old romance; finds itself Tree tops scarred

again. gaunt, lonesome, barrenbreastedAnd so, claws By giant

Here thing, rest beneath in the Old Town down in Now

Unlaved, uncombed, and all in all unMexico. A bandage white;

kempt, Hiding from view I found that God had e'en remembered All conflict, strife, you. And bringing peace

You broke my fetters, set my spirit free. To hectic night.

No longer could I faltering question Him, -iifgjjfto*-

Nor longer walk with Doubt:

had answered me.You—you "God's Candles"

Kd@&>3*- By Lydia Hall Worthy of You TA7HAT shall I call the Yuccas,

By Carlton Culmsee '* Those flowers so grand,

Growing upon the hillside fair give return you F I could T -* all that have done For you for me In rocks and sand?

The great soul of a god would burn Sweet, waxen bells, fair and lovely,

Like a white inner sun for me, Gleaming afarAnd more than love you, Like candles tall—"God's candles,"

I should be worthy of you. That's what they are.

Glancing Through Brief Summary of Magazine Articles*

By ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY History Repeats Itself hiseveryheartman'sandbusiness,his handstherefore,clean—toto keepbe shouldin so manybe numerous;ways, happybut theymarriagesare not.

brave, and hopeful, and very humble. Only two couples out of ten we know

in editorial appeared (The following lust are luxof bliss; living the in undisturbed divorce vanity, Extravagance,

10, 1857.Harper's October on Weekly is all today. of fashionable the too in and marare crimes men happy ury, dethe of beginningSeptember marked appeals direct riage smart. thinks not have husband we shall home At My editorial in Octopression. appeared This

ber. Seventeen months later, in March to our sympathy in the swarms of that people do not expect to be happy

of 1859, business was back at normal honest laborers for whom there is no after marriage and so are not; I disagain.) work. Abroad, the appeal will be agree with him, for I think that everymore indirect, in the extremity of a one who goes into matrimony thinks

that this particular ally. be venture will and The Lesson of the Day friend

others. friends! let our conduct prove different from of And that, Good

I their riage narrowed happy. large hearts, should however like to argue in for the Not many years—notIT is a gloomy moment in history. that the call comes to men who have course, is important in making a marfor a fiftyyear open hands, plan of matrimony who have homes may be; lifetime read of most men who

times for a purses. In their method of helping to children empty this there been so however paper—has but mannothing to believe grow of peril up that a beautiful we have grave apprehension; and deepmuch

never has the future seemed so inhood, strong in its faith in God, to and successful marriage is the real goal calculable as at this time. In our own rely upon; and whoever shows himof life, and that nothing more worthcountry there is a universal commerself truly a Godfearing man now, by while exists.

cial prostration and panic, and thouhelping wherever and however he can, In our notes on a happy marriage, sands of our poorest fellowcitizens will be as blessed and beloved as a I find that willingness to please one are turned out against the approachgreat light in darkness. another has been important. At first

ing winter without employment, and my husband always left the cap off without the prospect of it. In France Footnotes to a Happy the toothpaste; now he screws it on

the political caldron seethes and bubMarriage soI knowtight hethatdoesI itcannotin an geteffortit tooff,pleasebutbles as Russia hangs with uncertainty;

usual, like a cloud, dark and silent upBy A WIFE me, and appreciate it. Such little adtheon horizon of Europe; while all (Scribner's for January) justmentsriage a gallantgo far andtowardhumorousmaking expemar- energies,the resources, and influences

of the British Empire are sorely tried TTAPPY marriage is undramatic; rience.

in coping with the vast and deadly Innobody says anything about it Between us we have never allowed dian insurrection, and with its disin the newspapers or novels; but inasthe contempt which follows too much

turbed relations in China. much as my husband and I have made familiarity. We are polite to each

It is a solemn moment, and no man a glowing success of five years of it, other, and respect privacy. We don't

feelcan an indifference—which,

pily, no man pretends to feel-—inhapthe I wantSincetomuchset downwhicha fewmadeof ourmarriagerules. bursting; weintodon'tbedroomsopen eachwithoutothersknockmail.

issue of events. difficult in our grandparents'time has We try not to embarrass each other in

tried disappeared, and science has aided us to build company. We've up see troubles can our no Of man own

edifice toleran understanding of and yet are, fortunately, asthe end. They

life ance todaily pervades which our if aremainly only commercial; and we

gether in keeps our marriage and vows lose to painful poverty money, and by shift condition. focus the good We ofto be taught wisdom wisdom—the of attention the ourselves to our from faith,honor, of of and of sympathy,

it other; to seems and work. deseriously to need mancharity—no is, naturally Sex adjustment imspair. to yet haste the be very And

little portant, disthis in but place has is rich, this occasion the of which cussion. that does passion know We also calamity,widespread tended has

at its continue the height through to destroy the moral which not forces with years, enriched but that it can be by are to resist the calamand subduewe ity. friendship, and renewed by a love that

grows stronger constantly, into a reThese are the things that make the glowing.

the interest moment, ofprofound beCompromise is important, and must are spreading rootsside others whose sides. on both may One partner It sight. is no be outunderground, of

fields, not in certain dominate but need trifling, forgetfor for idlenesstime or fulness or selfishness. The complexion do it with offending determination.

of every country, and of the world, Talking things over and out without rests at last upon the character of inrancor is the first lesson to be learned dividuals. If men are false and timid, by both partners.

affairs, the course of events are tainted Finances cause many rifts in the by the cowardice and falsehood. It is matrimonial lute, so we have worked

out a practically frictionlessplan. I keep

*Used by permission. the books and pay all the bills, and

284 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

keep check book, receipts and bills in that the vocabulary of the psycholocommon types of human conduct. The

a large envelope which my husband gists has become the language of the introvert lives an inner life, contentcan study at any time. He compares street. Advertisers tie up new collar ing himself with metaphysics, introhis own checks with the budget, enters ads with inferiority complexes; cub respection, phantasy, philosophy, selfre-

his expenditures, and together we go porters speak glibly of "split personmorse, doubt and so on. An extrovert,

over the entire affair once a month to alities."Repressions and inhibitions on the other hand, lives an external

see how it is getting along. Now it are freely discussed in college and life. He studies golf rather than

does not savor of criticism for one stenographers go to be psychoSpinoza, and prefers Irving Berlin to of us to say to the other, "We analyzed. Much of this terminology Bach. He is sociable, athletic, active.

can't afford that this month."We is used with little or no understanding He likes to live rather than think about

both know it, and agree. We have of its real scientific meaning. living. The one drawback to these

short vacations from each other every The word "psychology"really clearcut classifications is that they are once in awhile, but not extended ones means the science of the soul, but considered unchangeable attributes of which show us that we can get along many of the experiments with white a personality, rather than merely connicely alone. And we have no symrats and their mates have little to do venient descriptions of conduct. And

pathy with the idea that flirtations are with either the soul or science. A people are not unchangeable. A daysafe and harmless. "psychiatrist"means, literally, a physidreaming philosopher will vault a fence

Another thing we try to do, and cian of the soul, but many of them, as quickly as an athlete, chased by an one which I would underline is what if asked concerning a sick soul, would angry bull. He does not merely medi-

I might call "Avoiding the 'Situasay "We will leave souls to theologitate upon the advisability and possible tion.'"It is a small thing, but one ans."Psychology has come to mean advantages and disadvantages of vaultwhich is often fraught with serious a study of human behavior, in terms ing the fence.

consequences. A headache or an atof its social, occupational, experimental Of all misused psychological terms,

tack of indigestion may precipitate an and religious aspects. Many socalled the nervous breakdown covers the

avalanche of hard words, and a dispsychologists should be called psywidest multitude of sins. It is truecussion started during that hungry chometrists—those who measure bethat in certain organic diseases the

hour just before dinner, or when a havior according to definite arbitrary nerves do break down, but this term woman is not feeling well, may scales or tests. is used to cover all forms of neurotic

bring on a real quarrel. These artifiThere are several schools of analytic behavior in which the individual is

cial situations of dislike, contempt and psychiatry, most of which are concernno longer able to carry on his responsipetty bickering can be avoided so ing themselves largely with the treatbilities. In certain instances it has

a reformeasily. is not Marriage state between of clear that school ment break- a nervous the been made neuroses—a does not change natureand human the varibehavior ideal of and as a protective normal measure; occurs downover night—and yet we still go on exous orders of abnormalities. A neuone in court is especially interesting,

pecting miracles to happen. My husrosis is not really a disease at all, but in that many key witnesses, not wishband and I figured out which traits in an evasion of some of life's inevitable ing to testify, became ill and could

annoying, character were other'sthe occupational It is true that can appear. or sex not a man

that to overcome waysand also liver, his his may cripple say stomach "No"with annoyproblems—social,adjustment. A neurosis

ance; and we succeeded. an individual just as completely as a or his heart as effectively as with his

A sense of humor can do much to broken leg or an attack of heart disvoice.

I mean but not the do is way;smooth it a condition reality ease, in but a the nervous breakdown Running

abil- "wisecracking."orteasing The fear. ignorance or Five hunbased on is in close the popularity "insecond

is a side thing of see the ity to funny it that years supposed was ago dred feriority child brain of complex,"let also to try no much.worth as a the result of We these about came points psychology. Adler Adlerian

personal in interfere our personthird spirits; evil various of presence now child's the place fact every that out

children inlaws, affairs. Friends, and school the Freudian of psychologists is a as life in to so insecure give him outside places, all their but have own spirits the take to created other have is If this feeling of inadequacy. not

underconfidential circle of the our evil. just as are they blame; and effective in manner, compensated some

disother. eachstanding with We a brilliant apostate Jung, G. C. Dr. gets feelrid his the individual of never

their problems children cuss and our is cult, responsible the Freudian uselessness, from uses ing and of what may the are of and they out way,when the the introduction of popular for bolster called gestures"to "plus be up to unpresent an trybefore them we "extra- "introversion"terms and selfesteem. feeling a of With woman policy all matters of front divided on describe very a it version."These words her hat be buying new when may

discipline. and the spirits a are acquirlow; with man,

the really first are five years If the the dashing automobile ing of most the footnotes cover thesehardest, then find. matter can he But form what no of phase important ofadjustments an

is it takes, screen a gesture the smoke life. anyone Will married knowour the the opinion to hide world from

little I I the that say mean whenwhat suffering individual, an from an which of things? big the But are things

himself. inferiority has complex, of

I a said about haven't course, word of psychiatry and magic As new sciences the real crux of the matter—the

fields invade everwidening all are psychology that understanding couples who in love possess but cannot put into of activity, it is clear that much of words. But we know it is there, and the old terminology will have to

try to keep it alive because it means change to fit the new understanding.

more to us than anything else in the Psychology has come out into the open world! That's the whole story. where it belongs, and is no longer a

handmaiden of philosophy and a

The Jargon of Psychology flunky of physiology. What the best

modern psychologists are interested in

By W. BERAN WOLFE, M. D. is the relativity of all human relation-

(Forum for February) ships and behavior. The new psyTVER since someone discovered the chology will bear the same relation to

"psychological moment,"Amerthe old that Einstein theories bear to ica has become so psychologyconscious Newton's concepts.

de dAmigo(y)(fas (3artas

By

Estelle Webb Thomas

Picture by Cornelius Vanderende

In which Ramon is offered a home with his Uncle in the U. S. on the condition that he will

leave his Amigo behind in Mexico.

All day Amigo walked part around I cannot from away my one LAMO GRANDE, Chi. yL in circular a to manner, fastened true friend in this so dear country Mexico.

a pole tvhich turn a wheel. December 15—of Mexico, for the Padre, who is

Miss Bronson, My most beautiful also my friend, is old with great and ncverforgot teacher: age and will soon return to the with heartlessness. After a large

this write I have reply to my presence of he time Lady, Our whom of joy and highest the It is with uncle. I thank kindness with him well. has served so these After letmost kindly that your astonish

for his offers great so hospitable, I reweeks receive passed have by the hand presence ter reach by my his also I moneys which must now ply correspondence of uncle. my this which Jose with of peon my

it as return has for usefulness no uncle write shorthave with My precious this trust most old Padre

I tell me. respect that with him is ness. It his daughter, for Maria, keeping. into give to writing my

sell his has he not his Maria, nor uncle has not the of knowledge my top the will observe by you As little litFrancisco, nor his of any reading writing. and coruncorrect very of heading my tle fine for clothing. Gomezes Thus I Josefa near San respondence am

I sell will not for same, Amigo my aged in once in of the house say have my MARIA if I have serape but between my is It a long the that are of uncle more. words he grandmother no my

I climate. the and then me make also offer pleased telling to his of of roof removal Amigo make my respectful statement that will we as to head, of childhood these scenes his to of food from my my return bothly or any. not regardthe his in to song taught stomach back, and have bed you my

ing the bucket of oak. but he remark with firmness he

This, then, is the cause of my have no moneys that burros may -i- HE Padre has anger removal from those scenes. When ride on trains like white man. He that I have been so unwisely. I

my so dear grandmother have remake advice I shall sell Amigo and think my uncle also have anger. He

turn to the dust, the Padre give adbuy these clothing for return to make no reply letter. The Padre is

vice I shall now return to the U. S. U. S. He inclose moneys for one old. He has povery of earthly treas-

I have write this correspondence ticket on train to U. S. He adure. I am young. Also strong. I will

to my uncle regarding the death of vice that I return with suddenness. not longer eat idly his bread. So,

wife, his so and I have the in the of kind mother correspondsorrow with sadness for the grave of my

I will again ence large uncle. hint I give the now of my have more grandmother and Padre, good my

accept the thankful shelter of his sorrow when I read this to the I mount upon the broad back of is corroof. my Amigo, and seek forth my

is of whomI makeI havementionspeak oftenof Amigoin past Padrerect. Iandhavehe feelingtell myAmigouncle my fortunes.

time. I make hint of how he will only friend in my possession. For San Josefa has not the work sufbe convenient for the little Gomemany days I think. I talk of these ficient for the fathers of the little

zes of my uncle's house to learn things with Amigo. He says nothchildren. Amigo and I do not

horseriding. I make bolder in the ings, but his big, beautiful eyes throw away time in this place but

last end of my correspondence how have faith I will not desert him (Continued on page 298)

of DaughterA <iMartha Chapter Eight

broken when Peter threw it in imaginary audiences. The needles

Aunt Catherine's face! flew in her fingers, the balls of yarn

soon as she real- "We're rich!"she whispered the became miraculously smaller, the A:Sshe held in her hand, startling words to Claire. The new sweaters assumed proper proporized what

Gloria jumped from bed, dressed rich Americans, the war rich midtions. Mrs. Judge Conrad tearand swept the floor with meticudle class people, had money to fully displayed a note which had

lous care. She sifted the dirt burn. They could not spend it come back to her from a soldier,

through the flour sieve. As a refast enough. Money for autos, for who had received her laboriously

ward, she held twelve diamonds in radios, for elaborate homes, for made sweater.

their a jewelry. that were had having They Diamondsher hand.

fit is sure some like my resweater—it the "I at their fling, flaunting not money they could whichhistory can't sure Perhaps can sing, but you you

late; that had traveled ten thouworld. Diamonds were selling at knit!"sand miles; that represented toil a premium—she could almost

and struggle, privation and death. name her price.

Gloria laughed and wept as she "O Aunty Glory, I'm glad I 1 KNOW one sleeve thought of the cunning of her broke the Kafir warrior!"cried was two inches longer than the

father in outwitting the uncertain Claire, shivering in her excitement. other, and the neck wasn't just

modes of travel. Letters contain- "Now you can close your bakery, right, but I did the best I knew,"

ing a paltry sum of money had and buy beautiful clothes and never her voice was shaky. "You see I

been rifled, but the crate of insigwork again!"never had to do such things when

nificant gourds had never been moThe two women spent the re- I was young."

lested. Upon closer examination mainder of the night in happy, "N ever mind,"comforted

she found a round mark in the glorious planning, and it was well, Gloria, "It will keep him warm, elaborate carving of each gourd. for the day brought its grief. and he was only having some fun.

On one it was the squash, where You see, when men get so close to the grinning monkey could not death they have to joke, or they hold out his hand. Another, it Soldiers leaving, would die. I know. It was that

was the center of the Kafir's shield; bands playing martial music, way with the twins in their nurse

hysterically. crying a women another wheel,another a wagon Gas training. could be doing A doctor fight the poison fumes masks to edge, river's at theround stone in with life his very best hanging

where the natives washed. Each which were a part of this dreadful the balance, but still they would

conflict. Caterpillarlittle been recircle had round tanks—smoke joke. They have to—the strain screens—air in dropped raid s-—submarines, the diamondsmoved, is too terrible."

and the circle carefully replaced these terms became common bewith glue. With the blinds drawn, tween rich and poor. Boys in the Nancy and Francis had a son

trembling with excitement, Gloria mud and desolation of the trenches. who wrote to his grandmother

and Claire opened the other eleven Women doing men's work in shops, dutifully once a month, in a queer gourds with a sharp knife. Each mills and factories. Men peneforeign language which she could

gourd held exactly twelve diatrating the forests for choice wood not decipher. It seemed strange

monds. One hundred and fortyship yards almost over night. Comto have a grandson speaking the

four stones lay before them on a fort bags for the soldiers, containnative tongue of a South American piece of old black velvet. It seeming everything but the ability to country better than his own.

ed incredible. Gloria thought of sew. Knitting circles. Rich womFrancis Conrad had received recogthe years of poverty, of the last en driving to Gloria's little shop, nition for his research work on a

slice of bread she had given to her to take lessons in purling. very rare moth. They were close

to jungle. the had a The boy sweetdandelions could of the she domother, When How

teacher, nurse. a native native candle. she learned? she a tallow She had withened Howit? did

thought of Peter's leaky shoes; keep from dropping stitches? How The food commission and raof her own, soleless; of the time did she manage to feed her yarn tions. Sugar substitutes. Karo

they could not afford a pane of evenly? Gloria smiled remembercorn s y r u p—molasses—honey.

glass for Aunt Catherine's wining the sock a day which had been Substitutes for the good old fashdow. How their fortunes would her allotted task in her youth, as ioned flour. Corn flour—rye flourhave been altered if the gourd had she herded the cows and sang to—oatmeal. The Parker House

mMw Ivy Williams Stone

Doctor Peter Whittman, snatching a brief rest in a Red

Cross canteen station, picked up an old American newspaper and saw his mother's picture and read the story of her riches.

held the largest of the remaining one hundred thirtysix stones against her misshapen, toiled hardened hand and smiled at the effect.

"Too late, Claire,"she laughed. "Somehow, my

hands look better in a pan of dough than adorned with jewels.

I don't want to be a ewe in lamb's clothing. I can never be a Jenny

Lind."The "Gloria Diamonds,"as the jeweler called them became instantly popular. Newly rich people

clamored to buy the diamonds with such a romantic history. The

story of their history got into the rolls were replaced with an oat- O)'NE diamond was papers. Photographers came to take

meal honey cookie which won insaved for each of her brothers. Gloria's picture, with the diamonds

stant popularity. No more all There was no Margaret Kirkman spread out before her, the empty

white flour bread, but at that her to share in the general happiness gourds arranged at the side.

customers increased. She seemed over the fortune, but her brothers "She was born in a chicken coop

able to disguise the substitutes inwould feel a sentiment over those and they found the diamonds unto palatable foods. Women were stones. Each of her four children der the bed,"one purchaser distoo busy to cook. Gloria baked should have one too. To keep. played her diamond with keen delonger hours, used second hand Perhaps Florence would have tollight. 'Think of it. For over

sacks, saved every bit of twine. eration for the queer, old fashforty years those gourds decorated

White was creeping into the red ioned gourds when she learned the parlor, or lay about, and she curls, turning it to burnished gold. what they contained. Then Gloria and her children were cold and

288 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

hungry and starving."The story double track their grade through she continued to refuse the hosgrew fabulously. Her father had the canyon. At a convenient point pitality of a father who had cowed

lain, dying of thirst, with the dia- a long narrow neck of suitable her youth. Only two places at a

monds in a sack around his waist. gravel seemed to beckon them. bounteous table, where there might

He had been tied to an ant hill. This gravel point belonged to the have been three. "Vengeance is

He had been killed by Kafirs. Infoster son of old Jonas Whittman, Mine,"said the Lord.

dians had passed up the gourds in and many men still worked 'on disgust, to steal a bolt of red calico. that railroad who remembered vJOLD stars began to

Jonas and his vision, and who had appear in windows. White faced

scoffed at his purchase. Even Peter grim visaged and Doctor men came women YOUNG

reto deeper was moved into the rest Rodney bakery, pur- a brief snatching made theirWhittman, spect for the father had had who left chases, in canteen station, sorrow Crossin a Red silence. A

vision. at the nominal Even it for deep too sympathy.picked old American newssuch up an Would

paper and saw his mother's picprice of "a dollar a dump"money never end? Gloria rose early to

ture and read the story of her began to pile up for Bruce Knight. mix her breads and baked all day

riches. The face that had been Long dormant energy and amlong in the hot, stuffy kitchen.

grim from a contact with horror bition began to pulse within him. "Work, please God, give me work

and death, relaxed into a smile. He He felt an urge to clean up the and more work, so I cannot

to rebuild the barns. he premises, He think!"forgot he was hungry—forgot a gas engine found that was more His Then at noon on Novemberwas cold. memory flashed

back to a parlor in a country farm effective at cutting wood than hutenth, when the hills were wraphouse and a big piano and an old man energy; that water running ped in a hazy blue, whistles belady who was industriously singinto a house and out of a house gan to blow. People stopped their

unattainable not such luxwas aning: the Save Queen!"And "God work—sirens—auto horns—shop it as seemed. ury once had And of those capablea picked one of up boy who whistles—anything idea, his every behind urging him, in struck producingprecious her sound added and gourds its bit. The

the face. What would have hapencouraging him, praising him, Kaiser had abdicated; Gloria stood

pened had the gourd broken then? came Lulu. She asked his opinat her door, handing out cookies

ion, yielded decisions, his to studhilarious to the in a here children ran he been have who likes, ied his until a physical peace past. doctor saving thought grandof her She humanity,Wouldtrench—a crept his into comfort every and first parents thelearning, marvelthat hand, wars. Napoleonic and

ous new science of plastic surgery. day life. He no longer had to The Kaiser had run away. Nacoat. the old did wear army He to atpoleon he have struggled away. had run hundredWould A

felt to use or hat, not have an old if years apart educationtain an two had had and training men riches had been at his beck and ask for money for shoes. He stood dreams of world supremacy. Three

call? Without sacrifice, without straighter, looked his neighbors in hundred men in one well at Waterin his place the face, took the comeffort,personal nothing was ever loo. The old Roman road—the assurance cloak of The blockade. atattained that German was Napoleon worth while. He munity.

was glad the diamonds had not and self respect and self confidence Elba, spending his days to write a to that belonged Jonas had Whittqueer, line: reversible until Mother now.come Now

itself to slowly showing was man rich for idly the remainder becould "Able saw Elba."was I ere I fit a Bruce. the shoulders of But life. herof dull queer ache was ever present. What would the Kaiser write?

Within a month after Claire Although the library was never last diathe gourd, thedropped little girl there locked was no now, eleventh month 1HE sold Gloria been and hadmond stealthily in read. to to wander eleventh eleventh So—the at in day—the her accountlooked bank far, desire Claire expressed no had hour. Armistice pandeThe and in the worldamazement. What to to return the had mother who loose! telebroke monium No so sheshould do with much in deserted her her need of hour phone a service—no deliveries—evmoney? had who woman To celebrating. erybody nation A for bread, beenonce hungry who crazed relief. with joy and Across egg in a crock hiddenhad money

the street the from bakery Mrs. floor, cellar posthe suddenon the

session of thirty thousand dollars Goldberg was not celebrating. A

seemed a munificent sum. What message and a gold star were hers.

should she do with it? There were Peter wrote a brief letter. His

Plastic children leaky withno shoes—no e c o n-little educate, girls to hungry surgery—facialwork was just beginning.surgery—r nomouths needing properly balanced structive bone work—restorative

diets. Claire already had the best surgery. Grafting of bone and tissue part of the from one to bodyglass could simeye she buy—her another. over the Making men satisfied, there wereple wants was

partially been who had shot to lot.no longer a mortgage on the

pieces. fascinating, marvelous ARiches need she did not which

she smiled ironically. work. He was able to take a battle-scarred, disfigured soldier and

UNDER the pressure backremakewashis expense.face. TheIt onlytookdrawtime

of war time shipment, the Union and money and patience. New

Pacific railroad found need to Moonrise on the Duchesne (Continued on page 313) attheFon HallAGlimpse Boarding School

By

C. P. Shaffer

of Poschool was begun on the present are mixed by modern machines;NORTHcatello, Idaho, site. This institution has gradthe baking is done in electric ovens.

a ually school of from looks grown employee after One the heatfifteen some fifty atto pupils record ing plant and the Indian boys and River, some the Snakemiles on is a historic spot called girls enjoy all

Fort Hall. In the early day school at

history of the West, Fort a normal age.

Hall played an important It is no part in the events of time. wonder that

It was the dividing point the police had in the trail to California to round up and Oregon. What mind the pupils; but

can fail to picture those today the Inearly scenes, trappers, addian boys and

to a to come of slow plodding—theventurers, soldiers, Indians girls are eager school where everteams, going westward. the central feaThe relentless march of ture is educaprogress caused the Indians tion—and not

to protect their hunting work. All chilgrounds; battles were fought, but dren seem to

bows and arrows could not combe alike in that pete with soldiers armed with rifles. respect.

chilThe Gradually the Indians were condren bathefined to reservations Hall and Fort a twice week,

Reservation became the home of and receive the Bannock and Shoshone tribes. daily care in

"Uncle Sam"started very early the school hosin his contact with the Indians to pital, thus all give them an education and fit skin eruptions them for American citizenship. and colds are

About fifty years ago a small kept down to school was built on the Fort Hall a minimum.

Reservation, near the present site Adequate of Blackfoot. We can picture the Drawings made by Inplay ground

scenes of those days. Police dian children. equipment i s

in the girls.brought older boys and provided for

to a school wentThe pupils the playhalf at Center:Fort Hall.School building

day and spent the other half in grounds, and working around the school. The tendance of 221 pupils for the year it is in use all the time.

bread was baked in a crude oven; 193132.

the girls did the weekly wash in a The contrast today and fifty QRADUALLY a morale of trough with the assistance of wash years ago is almost beyond belief. American citizenship is being

boards. The frame building was Today electric motors pump the built up to a point where eventuwarmed with wood stoves and water; the cows are milked by ally the once roaming tribesman,

education was administered machines; to the milking employees two the dependent on bount of all stick.tune of a hickory.,, -.,. /, do the weekly with wash modern

equipment; the dishes are washed America '. will take his place as a

/\ BOUT thirty years ago the old and the tables set in half an hour community unit and do his bit to

Fort Hall school near Blackwith the aid of modern dishwashperpetuate the institutions for foot was abandoned and a new ing equipment; the cakes and bread which American life stands.

The Uintah Boarding School Whiterocks, Utah

By Louie Coe Roberts In Charge of Academic Work

Left: School buildings at

Uintah Boarding School.

I Center: Students at Indian

School.

i Beloiv: Most of the children

entitled to benefits of the school are enrolled.

HE Uintah Boarding School isthisconsideredgrade it is located on the Uintah best to finish and Ouray reservation, in a nonres-TWhiterocks, Utah. It is in the ervation i n-

foothills of the beautiful Uintah stitution

Mountains, The purpose of the where facilischool is to give the Indian boys ties are the and girls an education and so fit best to be them that as they go out into the had. Our

world they may not be strangers. work is

The school was established about scheduled1896 or near that date—records and follows

are not complete. The reservation the system of

is under the supervision of a Superthe public intendent who is a faithful adschools as far viser and is assisted by a Principal as it is possible. We

and a large corps of hope to prepare each assistants in their variIndian child to be able ous lines of activities. to compete with any

The present enrollone in educational ment of the school is work. Every child is

one hundred and fiftyinterested in some form four and a few cases of of industrial work. We

truancy may be found meet these interests by which is a weakness of offering such courses as all parents who do not hometraining, sewing, understand the valuaand manualtraining.

tion of an education.

The housing facilities TNDIAN children and include some twenty more especially those buildings. Farming who are retarded have

and stock raising is a some special artistic major project in which the children take a great deal abilities and these are supported by a very thorough of interest. The school maintains an excellent garden course in art that is suitable for the particular individand provides an ample supply of vegetables for the ual. Nature study is an appealing subject to pracchildren. A good breed of Holstein cattle is furnishtically every pupil.

ing an abundant supply of milk for each child. Athletics are encouraged and supported for the

The present educational conditions do not require benefit of every child. Basketball, baseball, and

us to teach beyond the sixth grade. After completing track are the most (Continued on page 292)

A vanished People Walnut Cany on, Arizona, was once the home of a people By who have long since entirely vanished. It is but one of many

such canyons, but it is interesting in relics, according to Mrs. Clara Freestone

Seemann. Seemann

The village m i gh t have been constructed for a hiding place.

Dwellings which cling to the sides of Walnut Canyon.

to the precipitous sides of Walnut CanCLINGING yon, in northern Arizona, are the dwellings of a vanished people, built nearly nine hundred years ago. Many of the walls, intact even now, tell their story

of the intelligence of their builders, through the symmetry and accuracy of their masonry.

This deep canyon, zigzagging through the high mesa for twenty miles or more, was an ideal place for the homes of these prehistoric builders, both for protection from the elements and from their enemies.

On the sunny southern walls of the canyon one can imagine the comfort of these retreats, when winter beat with furious hands above the canyon. Later, when the

cold spring winds swept over the mesa, these snug dwellings, hidden beneath the overhanging limestone cliffs, must have been a pleasant place indeed to live.

pHESE cliff dwellings are located about ten miles southwest of Flagstaff. A ranger station is near the trail

that leads down into the canyon, and here one can learn much of the geology of the exposed rocks, and see many relics that have been picked up in the abandoned village, and on the mesa above. A flattened skull, found among

the ruins, leads archeologists to conclude that these Indians were of the same type as the pueblo builders. A small piece

of carpet has been found, which indicates the skill and industry of its weavers. The texture is fine, and woven of

yucca fibre. (Continued on page 293)

J\ational founcil of yyomen

the Council will have no financialAPPROXIMATELY 5,000,000 club women burden with relation to the Cen-; for the throughout the United tury of Progress was made

States have pledged their cooperaPostal TelegraphCable Company, tion in one of the most dramatic impressed with the dignity of the and spectacular projects which has Chicago program and anxious to ever engaged the attention of orextend its friendly relationships ganized womanhood in America, with women's groups has agreed the National Council of Women to finance these three projects.

announces. Its 21 member organThe first step towards accomizations of which the Young Laplishing them will be a campaign

dies'Mutual Improvement Assoto secure the signatures of one milciation is one, will unite in an exclubwomen of the United States lion American women to petitions hibit at the Century of Progress was made plain by the various adasking foreign governments to send

Exposition in Chicago in 1933 dresses. Mr. Dawes pointed out women of highest distinction to

which will demonstrate the monuthat the Exposition represents an the Congress.

mental accomplishments of women attempt to translate visually man's organization along cultural, philanthropic and utilization of the products of the p THOROUGH welfare lines during the past one machine age in terms of human will be adopted for the sighundred years. comfort and welfare. nature campaign. Correlating

'The function of women in Committees representing the or- "PHAT there may be an even more connection with the Century of ganizations connected with the tangible record of achievements Progress will be to breathe into a Council will be formed in 1,100 than this purely visual one, a namachine-made, manmade exposicities and towns throughout the tionwide research into the history tion, the fine, spiritual vision of United States. Special registers

and program of women's organorganized womanhood,"said JVlrs. will be provided for signatures

izations has been started. The findAnna Steese Richardson, associate and placed in Postal Telegraphings will be used as the basis of a editor of the Woman's Home Cable Company offices in these

book on the history of the woman Companion. cities. In towns where Postal

movement written by an eminent telegrams are sent by telephone woman author and published at HpHE plan for the participation only, the petitions will go directly the time of the Exposition. of the National Council origto the Presidents of local organIn addition the National Couninated with the late Dr. Anna izations. Throughout the progress

cil of Women will sponsor an InGarlin Spencer, for many years a of the campaign, speeches and raternational Congress in connection leader in the woman movement. dio broadcasts will carry news of

with the Exposition which women To cooperate means, therefore, an the National Council projects to from many countries will attend. opportunity to express appreciation representative men's.and women's

At a dinner given by the Naof the great contribution made by groups and will stimulate interest tional'Council of Women, last Dr. Spencer. in signing the petitions. The camNovember, the challenging nature Announcement that the individpaign will be carried on intensively

of the task which confronts the ual organizations connected with from February 1st to May 1st.

-ocVsif4iThe Uintah Boarding School——Continuedpage from290

interesting sports. The school has Although the bear dance and the boarding school are being raised

one of the best gymnasiums to be sun dance are held each year the each year. Every effort is being

found in the country for indoor interest is not so effective as in the made to place the Indian on an athletic activities. days of yore. equal basis with the competitors.

Our course of study conforms to the health condition of The industrial divisions best the regulations, of to similar TTARIOUS is efficiently for caredchildren by those offer used in the schools. for public opportunity an which

visitsa physician government who is child Every detailed urged those choose or to are present to be if necessary. daily oftener andthem first the on school of stay day work, shop and work whoare—carpenter skill that medical canEverything last until the school. heating of the day through and plumbing Our

children. for the is donedo attendance report indicates engineering that department, probfarm

Many of the customs of former lems through the government this year is the best year in the days is passing with its generation. farmer, gardening and stock raishistory of the school. Only a

The educational system and its ing in the same department, and few children entitled to the privpractice of today does not merit sewing and cooking in the domestic ileges of an Indian ward are not these customs. Tribal ceremonies science department. in the school or are in some public

and dances are fast diminishing. The standards of the Uintah school of the country.

By GEORGE H. BRIMHALL

President Emeritus, Brigham Young University weet

A COLLEGE coed said of a Mother this morning,"and then "Smoke!"Childhood is pleading,

*"* young woman, "She's a bird."she reproduced the tone and words "Keep Sweet."

'Yes,"said his chum, "She's of the man side of a domestic nagSome suggestions on Keeping two birds, a society dove and a ging contest that she had heard Sweet:

home 'swak.'But really she is not earlier in the day. The man looked 1. Give belief the right of way

a college type of girl, for most of at her in amazement and after reover doubt. The doubting habit

them are real canaries, sweet everycovering from the shock said, "I hurts happiness. It sours spiritwhere."The college is calling, would knock a man down for uality.

"Keep Sweet."speaking that way tb my wife."2. Shun faultfinding. It is a

Bill's father was a large indiThe New Woman is courageously negative that breeds nagging which vidual, the thing that occupies saying to the New Man, "Keep is homemade hades.

space, but as a personality, that Sweet."3. Remember that nothing

like slander. the self sours culture, small.which he shows was

yourself to be permit 4. Never sort of to be a imiOut of one of the biggest busiupBill grew

state a in the ness houses came kiss the of the "Camgood betrayed by boss.tative domestic had three He

this story: "I spender with went kin. its billboarded of el"or anyvoices, fearfully reone for Dad,

in there guns."two to buy The contain characterkilling Cigarettesspectful, raspfully for one Mother,

felon. season hunting 'The was germs. telearrogant, for the one and counter the as sour behind was low culcultivation 5. all your Inphone, pleasant. guardfully He

I shall find as a another lemon, It is the essence kindness. tivate to a the latterhung and became

store."hardware Commerce Culture. is ofradio announcer. telephone The Sweet.""Keep commanding, I to like hear tones Inand the radio are saying, "Keep

I be near would one FromSweet."his little daughof cheer, these A father lifted words two Came

Bill had a sister who became a ter up for a kiss and saw a scowl "Keep Sweet."

o'er sentence the I connedBachelor face. she and one her recoil day her he said on At

it bore that message Thesweetly, said, "Dad, could I wish the you matter?"Her "What's to the pointed Straight

have heard what a man said to eyes met his and she said, Of life complete. core

)C3p*v3(- -< Continued fromA Vanished Peoplepage 291

According to "Museum Notes"Then too, the pueblo ruins, withtrances, with loop holes for light.

issued by the Northern Arizona in ten or fifteen miles of these The fires were evidently built on

Museum, many fossil types have dwellings, were apparently built at the center of the mud floor, and been found in the limestone cliffs, about the same time. the smoke, after blackening the

one peculiar thing being the abunFollowing this line of reasonstone ceiling, found its way out dance of fossil sponges. Many ing, it is quite believable that the through the ventilator over the

shells are also found, some species village, hidden so securely, might doorway.

of these animals are living today, have been constructed for a hiding to water led down toabout fifty kinds being found, place. It is almost inaccessible ex- A TRAIL

mostly in the tropical seas. cept from one point, a shallow canthe right of the entrytrail to

Dr. Harold S. Colton, of the yon, down which the trail now a pool in the canyon. The creek

University of Pennsylvania, and leads. To guard this entrance bed is now dry, through the buildnow a resident of Flagstaff, has would have been the only problem ing of the Lake Mary dam to the

spent a number of years studying of defense. A lurking enemy apsouth. However, water can easily

what the vandals of the past have pearing on the rim could easily be reached by digging in the sand, left of these cliff houses. It is only have been picked off by an arrow. even when the surface appears dry.

recently that a definite date has Ruins of fortlike buildings, set The dwellings, thirty in numbeen computed for their building. on promontories, have been disber, are easily visited by followBy tree rings it is estimated that covered in the canyon, to support ing the trail from the ranger stathey were begun in 936 A. D. Tree the theory that the entire village tion. All open onto a ledge on

rings also place the building of the was one large fortress. either side of the canyon, which

Indian pueblos at about the same makes footing sure and safe.

date. r\N the mesa above the Indians Forty years ago these interesting

maintained cultivated fields in relics of the past were intact and

T\K, COLTON favors the idea little parks in the forest of junipers contained important objects left by that the Indians built their to the northeast of the village, their inhabitants. Now they stand

homes in the canyon for a retreat where one can often pick up re- a monument to vandalism, devasfrom their enemies, rather than for mains of their broken stone hoes. tated by the pot hunters, and valu-

a permanent home. The dwellings The construction of the houses able findings scattered and lost. So

are not of communal type and are insured cleanliness, as the walls the complete story of Walnut Cantoo small to accommodate large were smoothly plastered. Narrow yon cliff dwellers will never be

families for a long period of time. "T"shaped doors were the entold.

294 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

Continued fromA Delightsome Peoplepage 262 pel of Christ it might prove interwould die, but my family should camp and their men will not bother esting to conclude this sketch with not think I was dead and bury me, your women nor molest any of the recital of a remarkable expefor I was not to be buried until you.

rience had by President Edward J. my body was cold all over. When "When you find this people

Wood and others of the church I woke up I called my family tohave them meet in your council and authorities at Cardston with a gether and also the council of five tell you what they believe, and group of Indians from the province chiefs of which I was a member, they will tell you about this Book.

of Saskatchewan. and I told them of my dream. "I then woke up and found my

They laughed at me as they did wife and friends had about decided

HPHE story as related to me denot believe me, but I was afraid. to bury me as I had seemed dead

scribes a dream and its fulfillTime went on and one day some for some time and was cold all ment of a Cree chief by the name time afterward, I was taken very over except a small place over my of Yellow Face. This incident sick, and at once feared my dream heart. But when I came back and

dates back a number of years when would come'true, so I warned my told them where I had been and a dignified Indian who called himfamily not to be in a hurry to bury that our Indian relatives were not self Yellow Face appeared in Cardme even if I died till they were dead at all, they wondered at me ston along with twenty families sure I was cold all over. and when I told them I would pick

seeking a good trapping region. about twenty families and travel

a written language theThey had until till again the weaker they weaker I found and Book GOT characters of to I which were as believed they all found but wondered, and body I went away I left my be similar to those on the facsimiles among a lot of Indians that I knew in a God they would follow me.

in the Pearl of Great Price. were dead; some I knew, and some So in due time we made up our

They met President Wood who I did not for they had been dead company and started and made treated them with characteristic so long. But they were really not many camps and traveled many

kindness allowing them to trap on dead at all, and I could not underseasons, but it was hard to find a church lands and locating as they stand it all, and they told me that people who answered the five keys did near Mountain View the Into die was only to leave the body till we landed among you as we dians mingled freely with the for your folks to take care of, and find few people who are true members of the ward there. They I would be where they (the dead) friends of the Indian."

attended many of the church servwere. But as for me I had to go At the close of this story Yelices, also the ward reunion, and at back and use my body again for low Face asked the bishop for the

the end of the trapping season reseveral years. They said I was to Book and a copy of the Book of

turned to their home. go among the white people till I Mormon was presented to him.

The following spring the Crees found a Book that told of the hisand this he immediately placed returned. This time they became tory of these dead Indians who among his treasures.

I really not dead. were asked themmore friendly invited and of one exin PRESIDENT WOOD I these people would how knowthe bishops of the stake Alberta to that story the says panding on the gave had they and who Booka council chiefs at of the of head told later Face Yellow he met who five I keys me which by wouldwhich Face. Yellow was The the he of watched had him how the people the had know whobishop spoke the principles on of sitting his Saints Latterday of and tell live that InBook would mythe in gospel a general the way,

at beside the President ward Wood all dian friends about they whochiefs little exhibiting real interest.

the previous. year reunion had He their relatives, were about and dead second they time invited to himA acthe of note treatment taken as follows:their fire. council entered he As his his people described corded and "First, let they will you campthe tent, the says, felt bishop he told surprise he joy was and when their land, on trap and and owndeeply to speak the moved on Book trap Indians the and might camp second, treat will hunt; they youof as Mormon. soon he As menIn- said lands. the church on He like in of one business them with ationed the solemnfaced "Book"succession in three years dians came third, them; invite will they you fire thegroup around inbecame

if see the in to order "Mormons"to their meetings ask to and youstantly alert as told and he them in their treatment of change would speak; fourth, will they ask youof the the Book, their history of Indians. the sit to at their with to tables themforefathers, stirred they so became called of the Book He Mormon eat; visit will at they your you it difficultthat for to was prohim lost their wrapand "long book"

ceed. ped it among the tribal valuables

When the bishop concluded his which they always carry in a bucktalk, Yellow Face arose with great skin sack and hang apart from any dignity and all eyes centered upon other belongings on a tripod in him. And this is the story he front of the head chief's tepee.

told: These sacred articles are guarded

'The year before our company jealously by the tribe and are excame here first I was taken very hibited only on rare occasion, Yelsick, and was told by someone of low Face explained.

my Indian people who had been ///foy The Crees soon left after receivdead for many years that I would ing their Book, journeying back to soon be better. But I would get their own reservation seemingly

sick again and that when I did, I happy in their great discovery.

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 295

Superintendent George Albert Smith Continuedpage from272 ers, and learned how to extend the "I would be a friend to the friendless what it means to a young man to needs the to ministering in find joy and great contact the personalities. saving sayhelping and hand The

visit sick the and the poor. I would it. of those need of leadership touch with most and menword to who a desire for afflicted inspire in them and

This rare and priceless lesson he faith to be healed. I would teach the spiritual power, the association

learned from George Albert Smith. truth to the understanding and blessing with triumphant and victorious

is the greatest inspiration to When you read between the erringof all onemankind.and try 1to wouldwin himseekbackout tothea souls

lines and search the recesses of righteous and a happy life. I would not growth and fine endeavor. This is

George Albert's life this conviction seek to force people to live up to my ideals the contact we all need most. He

settles upon your soul: The deep, but rather love them into doing the thing has mingled with the greatest and

quiet currents which run through massesthat is andright.help Ito wouldsolve theirlive withproblemsthe the best men of all parties and

his life are the forces which have that their earth life may be happy. I creeds and made friends for himself

made possible his most supreme would avoid the publicity of high posiand his cause. He has known perwork. These silent forces live on tions and discourage the flattery of sonally six presidents of the United

1 friends. thoughtless not would knowStates. the States surface sento only comeand Many United may

feeling ingly the even not of any, wound all after in aonce while ators, congressmen governors but and they one have me, but wronged who may are the forces that save society, bless would seek to do him good and make are counted among his personal mankind and make this earth a him my friend. I would overcome the friends.

good place in which to live. He tendencyrejoice in tothe selfishnesssuccesses ofandall jealousythe childrenand In his twentysecond year he

is not physically rugged but he is of my Heavenly Father. I would not married Lucy Emily Woodruff, a

a dynamo that generates these be an enemy to any living soul. Knowgrand-daughter of the late Presisalient and significant forces. ing that the Redeemer of mankind has dent Wilford Woodruff, a woman

offered to the the that plan world only life is inhis the great thing in superior of sublime faith and This will fully develop us really us and make telligence, the that possessing thing matchlessand for which and men I it feel hereafter here happy only and not women will rise up and call his a duty but a blessed privilege to disseminbut indefinable gift of making a name blessed. "I say unto you, ate this truth."home a shrine. The natural beauty

is the location inthere the the presence of joy shrubs and with the analysis reof of his character AN it flowers this thatangels over surrounding of one sinner make God veals secret another of his the of one delightfulrepenteth."most and 10.) (Luke XV: is a growth. refined of He man picturesque places entire in the

sensibilities, modest and unobvisit to were George Albert youTF city. than four thousand More trusive, a selfpossessing but lofty his beautiin modest Smith but this last tulips in bloomed garden respect led has to which conhimful attractive Yale and on home season, cut one afternoon they and stantly the acquaintance make and \in Salt City Lake youAvenue city sent to the hospitals the of and to diligently cultivate the companother be shown,might among shasta twentyseven hundred ionship of of the highest menrelics, fell splinters upsome which is daisies. of There atmosphere an ideals. ideal his His supreme was his lying while he bed uponon was this tranquility comfort about and for father he a almost had whom floor ofthe a in log cabin Alafireside can which only emanate religious devotion.

in he housebama. and which The hearts. hospitable and from warm It difficult be estimate would tohis missionary were companions Distinguished visitors Europe from

staying was surrounded by a mob and America have been entertained and fired upon. Their lives were here and have never forgotten it.

saved by lying flat on the floor. This is a real home, typical of the

These splinters were torn from the finest and most fundamental instilogs over his head by the hissing tutions that men and women ever bullets. create. Lucy Smith has gone with

To those who have come within her husband, cared for him in his the radius of his friendly influence sickness and sustained him in his it is difficult to understand how endeavors as only a noble and deany one, friend or foe, could look voted wife could do.

upon him as an enemy, or to understand the motive that would HPHEY have been blessed with prompt men to assail his life. He two daughters: Emily, wife of

is a man of peace and all his life Robert Murray Stewart, and has cultivated good will toward Edith, wife of George O. Elliott,

men. Here is a creed written by and a son. His only son, George

his own pen upon paper and long Albert, Jr., is the sixth in his fasince recorded in the daily deeds of ther's line to accept as divine the

bis busy life. You can put this mission of the Prophet Joseph

creed in the past tense and it epitSmith. A companionship existing

is what he between this father and son is bothomizes his life—this

has actually done. The great an inspiration and a delight. These

truths which he then aspired to children have a proud ancestry and teach and the things he wanted to are altogether worthy of it.

preach are beautifully exemplified He is a technician in the fine art in his own life. of making friends. "Blessed are

Read this creed and compare it they who have the gift of making with the record of his deeds. In Salt Creek Canyon friends for it is one of God's best

296 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

gifts. It involves many things but, From his early manhood he has love and unfailing kindness. He

above all, the power of going out exhibited a quality of spiritual could rise to great spiritual altiof one's self and appreciating what leadership of an uncommon kind. tudes and speak with a lofty and

is noble in others."(Thomas As a Sunday School teacher and convincing eloquence—at the same

Hughes.) superintendent he built up an ortime he never overlooked the

George Albert Smith's friendganization that was the pride of minutest detail when it came to adship is real; it is the expression of the ward in which he lived and atministering the affairs of the Mis-

a sincere and refined soul. Some tracted the attention of Sunday sion.

one has said that no man is useless School workers everywhere. Those Almost from the beginning of

while he has a friend. If a man's who were associated with him in Scouting in Utah he has been offiusefulness is measured by the numthis work in the Seventeenth ward cially and actively associated with

ber of his friends who could estireceived an inspiration that has this movement both in a local and mate the value of his life? He lasted them a life time. national capacity. At the present

meets the daily problems, small or He was chosen an apostle Octotime he belongs to the National great, with a brave heart and with ber 6, 1903. He has always been Council and is a member of the

manly courage, always carrying one of the most ardent and devoted executive committee of Region with him a warm hand clasp and workers in the entire Church. Twelve.

a friendly note in his voice. When his health would permit he He took the initiative in the orQNE of the attractive sides of his thirtytraveledthousandan averagemilesof amoreyear thanand Trailsganizationand Landmarksof the UtahAssociationPioneer

character is his thoughtful and held on an average, one and oneand is its president.

generous acts of kindness to the unhalf meetings per day. Physically "DOTH scouting and the preservafortunate and the poor. He has a he is not robust and has often tion of our pioneer landmarks

smile and a cheerful word of enworked beyond the limits of his appeal to the very finest instincts of couragement and a warmth of feelstrength. his soul and both will profit greating that wins for him the hearts ly thereby. He will bring to these

of men. He is a sympathetic counTN June, 1919, he went with his movements not only his splendid

selor, a delightful companion, a family to preside over the Euroability and a consecrated heart but loyal and loving comrade. Wherepean Mission, the activities of the great influence of his high office

ever he goes he spreads the genial which were greatly curtailed as a and the powerful support and corays of kindness. This is the seresult of the World War. He reoperation of his numerous and incret of many of his finest achievemained until August, 1921. Unfluential friends. Under his tolments. der his presidency the Mission was erant and magnanimous leadership

The high and dominant note rehabilitated, the scattered saints no group or sect or detail will be running all through his splendid were cheered and comforted and overlooked or neglected.

life is his love for the truth and the entire work was quickened by George Albert Smkh descends his devotion to the great Church his vitalizing touch. As president from a line of men and women who

to which he belongs. No matter he displayed that rare quality of belong to the nobility of the earth.

how alluring other things have leadership which inspired his misThe unselfish work which he has been he has never allowed them to sionaries to rise to their very best. done and which he is now doing

conflict with or diminish his zeal He won the allegiance and loyalty will secure for him a place among for this work. of all the Elders by his constant the nobility of God.

*>- -lilsftOO'-<* HeWalks-Straight-A ndNever-Falls

E Straight- e r- r v proud to And-N e v Falls though, announceW Tthat Elder Melvin ofBlackfeetcourse, usedthe J. Ballard, tonown business mantheir apgue for the

ager of the Improvement propriate title. Era, This picture

is a fullfledged member of the showsBallardElderamong Blackfeet Indian Tribe of Infriendshis on the dians of Monday of the ceretana and Canmony. At his

a d a. Apostle left with the

Ballard was tall head piece taken into the is the chief tribe a few who was feayears ago and tured recently was given in full color in the name: a contempo-

H e-W a 1 k s- J rary magazine.

otion T\ictures Critics Disagree fine Shall carry another dewho and large, approval womanVX 7"HEN the previewers of what clares, it"—while"Stimulating, story, good is recomapprove disapproval and Decide?"they disof what the question asked

by Mrs. Alice Ames Winter, a nationmended for adults. Good ending, good approve.

fine morals, some emotional moments."ally recognized authority it field in the isn't a delightful on comment And Susan divides the Lenox camps. "Good, the of situation inPicture that the picture censorship, whole Motion in an depressing."though recommended. "Not itself first its disdustry gave for article award title. the by same to order In Garbled, confused, miscellany stuff. of acting to tinguished middleaged, the difficulties the the show of producers Very in quality direction. uneven and delightful, homely, and humorous human in their fit pictures making the public effort in Monstrous casting, photography,

is Dressier, a actress finished Marie who mind. Mrs. points Winter out artistry of some a and sordid wasted taton and all sorts to conditions with appeal and the glaring illustrations tered differences theme."of adults for "Recommended public, the public, the while of dear men,

its for vivid qualities. entertaining of opinion the and picture: on same last pictures, three has her made and Min

General tone not it illuminating immoral. is Very Wonderfully to size the up Bill, Politics the Reducing, and among

acted directed. value and of Outstanding phoour judgments own by comparbox-office successes big year? the of past

tography."ing with those them different very opinions expressed by other people, presumably Probably one would expect wide variReview oe Current Pictures

people as wise and as public spirited and ations of opinion about An American Surrender

Tragedy. asof Certainly high finds moral one standards them. as ourselves. "The

picture is each ofYet us is too sordid loveless to be This is a picture which might propand perfectly sure that our own brain is the absolute standard of the wholesome. However, it carries with it erly be classified as a war play, but it

world for normal thinking. What we a tremendous lesson and inspires one to is different from the general run of

decide is so. Everyone else is either stupid stand for the right principles at all osts."such, being concerned with the human

or vicious. "Exactly the same appeal that the book element in war, rather than the miliSurely at the motion picture nerve cenhas or that any tragic or sensational newstary. It paints enemies and allies with

ters learns is paper story ("It this one has."practical exceedingly by application. colors the love of sympathy, same and

a morbid, sordid as not groups of The previewwomen do tale-—although who dread discouragement. and both That as vulgar the a book. In the pathobook areing less more or the of social same sides in realize battle futility of the logical criminal causes this and for crimestrata. If cross any section from one the struggle are yet to powerless and could be meticulously studied, not bui a expect certainWould uniformity,

is it resist clear as the picture made the screen it on the for or general public."bewould them. from are Here some

develops. list the It be So might prolonged.definite reactions. Concerning.Are These

is It really one remakes love Sidney remember a Smith's story of a French Children?Our which of two hundredthem saw in a studio preview, there came mark about Macaulay—that he oni> officer (Warner Baxter) and a German

such written comments as these: wished he was as sure about anything as girl (played by Leila Hyams), de-

(1) "The picture, to my mind, is Macaulay was of everything. veloping throughout the period of the

dynamic. It holds the interest throughFortunately there are a number of Frenchman's incarceration in a prison

out and if anything is a bit too stimupictures about which the opinions of the camp in Germany. The plot, howare practically hundredlating. two it Surely unanimous. a points strong is moral ever, the strongest not the of part

in praise, Sometimes sometimes forcesand in condemthe parents of stop, to today play; the characterization of many nation. the general listen. public exlook And and h story a has strong The is similar under conditions men most well tremely its represented these, ofappeal."by "Except for the (2) acting

sees compelling. the the of One end ficial previewers. In other there words,and production excellence, it has nothing

feeling the with that he has been likely to of film be widespread it. differences Ito recommend is it perare think

nicious. The principal features arc obopinion over the country itself concernlooking deep into human hearts, and

jectionable because the story seems writing pictures about which there are these has found them to be alike under the ten to display these scenes, as no real variations in Hollywood. There is, by uniforms of all countries.

lesson is taught."(3) "I heartily recommend this picture. It will be the most

talkedof picture in years, and one, I feel Suggested List of Pictures sure, that will make parents many realize Title Type Suitable For:the need of helping their children through

a crisis that they (the parents) have Alice in Wonderland Familiar Classic Family realized."not gripping most "A (4J Bill Ambassador Will Rogers in Comedy Familypiece is Interest of work. all intense, too

real, not entertainment, too sordid and Are These Our Children Study of Youth's Temptations Adults (if interested) tragic. It is a tremendous responsibility to

recommend or condemn such a picture."Arizona Terror Western Children and Adol.

(5) "It has no entertaining features. I Around the World in 80 Doug. Fairbanks'Travelogue Family

do not approve of such a picture. It is Minutes

demoralizing."

Arrowsmith Sinclair Lewis'book in film Adults and older Adol.

One Recommends Highly What Excellentand RonaldworkColmanby Helen Hayes Another Censures

Battle of Gallipoli Gallipoli campaign in World Adol. and Adults So much for Are These Our Children. War

If that were the only picture about which disagree,doctors the situation would not BattlingBill With Buffalo Exciting Western Adol. and Adults so difficult.be Even about such a picture

as Personal fine Maid one writes, woman full Beloved Bachelor Story of heart interest Family entertainment. good"Not strange story A Based stage play on Prince "The

a plot thatwith farcical if it be would but Chap,"for adaptation were not presented in all seriousness. Only film sacrifices much of origNancy Carroll's personal charm could inal charm

298 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

Title Type Suitable For: Emma

is a will picture that be fine picturization Ben Hur Very of the Family classic *-'J7MMA"universally enjoyed, for people Wallace Lew

The Brat Comedy of a street waif taken For Adol. and Adults like to believe that there are human

into a aristocracy of home are beings better the even than who

Business Pleasure and Tarkington's PluBooth "The Family is angels. this Particularly so when

tocrat"well screened as an artist such Dressier porMarie Cavalier of the S. in Cavalry U. West frontier days Family

part. trays the plays so sincerely, She his father. interand Heart Boy Champ, The Family

est so genuinely, that it requires no stretch

Cisco Kid Fairly good western Adol. and Adults of the imagination to believe that all

Connecticut Yankee Will Rogers in Mark Twain Family she says and does is truly so. If

comedy Marie Dressier hadn't been awarded

Conquering Horde Western Family the medal of the Academy of Motion

Consolation Marriage Drama Comedy Adol, Older and Adult Picture Sciences for Arts in and 1931 Convicted better sort of Murder Mystery Adol. Adults and her in portrayal the part of of Min, Cougar in lions California Hunting Family

it all Bill", in probaand "Min would Cuban Love Song in Tibbett (if Lawrence voice Adults good any) and poor play bility have come to her in 1932 as a

Daddy Long Legs Baxter and Gaynor in charming Family result of "Emma". The supporting

story cast is acceptable and the photography

Danton French Revolution Adol. and Adults excellent.

Delicious Wholesome musical comedy with Family The story runs the gamut of human

Farrel Janet and Gaynor tears, to happiness

Devotion Fair drama, comedy made exAdol. and Adults emotions—laughterto for appeal has an cellent sorrow—and Harding and by Ann

every reason age and type. For some Leslie Howard

Dogs is Dogs Comedy Children or other we like to cry as well as to

Explorers of the World Travel Family laugh, particularly when the tears as

Fanny Foley Herself Mother's Sacrifice. Ends hapFamily well as the smiles grow out of situapily tions which are sweetly pathetic and

Father's Son Family play full of human inFamily humanly true.

terest Freighters of Destiny Good Western of the '80's Family well Great Meadow Historical done Drama

Eleaby Family 4&Mas Cartas de and Brown John Mack nor Boardman Continued fromHard Hombre Western with comedy Family Amiga page 285

Heartbreak story with good message War Family go forthly to this town of Alamo Huckleberry Finn would Mark be proud Twain Family of his book Grande, which mean in U. S. the

In Line of Duty Northwest Mounted Police Family large tree of cotton, and have more

I Like Your Nerve Musical Comedy not top bad Older Adol. and Adult active stir like town in U. S. Here

Juvenile Court Schools Reform Older Adol. and Adult is the so rich merchant who hasKilling to Live Natural History Family

King of the Wild African Adventures Family the complete owning of the store

Local Boy Makes Good Comedy Family in the town, also the mill to make

Millionaire, The Geo. Arliss in fine comedy Family the adobes with which he make the

Neck and Neck Horses About Family is It uses. buildings for with manyGetRich-Quick WallingAmusing, but questionable Adol. and Adults

a he of have good fortune need boy ford

Over the Hill Old Poem in pictures Family and a burro in this mill. We are

Penrod and Sam Booth Tarkington's boys in an Family engage. All day Amigo walk

almost too emotional film around in a circular manner, fasten of ParisPhantom Adol. Murder Mystery and Adults to a pole which turn a wheel whichRacing Youth Family of Automobile Factory Comedy

Rainbow Trail Western, beautifully set Family grind out mud onto a table by

Rich Man's Folly Dombey and Son at base of Family which stand a very unhandsome story man, with the bad temper, making

Riders of if Purple Sage stuff as usual Family, Gray's Zane;you like it into oththe molds which the mudRuling Voice Inside story of Gangster Adults Adol. and

ers I deposit and smooth on theSea Ghost Fast picture marine Family moving

Secret Service The Old romance of Civil War Family earth with great suddenness. But

Shipmates Good naval comedy Family we cannot be so sudden as this man

Sin of Madelon Claudet Well acted version of "Lullaby"Adults desires. Nor can Amigo. It gives

with Helen Hayes lifeSkippy and Sooky Small boy Family me pain he should speak with such

Smart Woman Comedy of marriage Adults harshness to my Amigo. Me, I am

Speckled Band Sherlock Holmes story Family young and strong, I can bear greatSpirit of Notre Dame Football Family ly, but Amigo have arrive at the

Sporting Chance Horseracing Family life. his of should have noon HeSplinters Sea comedy in the Navy Family

ease. I tell nights of this by himSuicide Fleet Naval Family story of the War

Sundown Trail Mediocre Western Family with sorrow. He say nothings,

Tom Sawyer Another Mark Twain done well Family and his eyes make no complain. He

Touchdown Football Family is very patient and very wise.

Trader Horn Jungle Adventures. Not for exFamily I fear I have weary you, my recitable children, perhaps. For garded teacher, with this so long

others, one of the best correspondence. I will desist.

Way Back Home Seth Parker in a Maine Village Family May your days be all of SumWicked Theme of Mother love. SomeAdol. and Adults mer, and your years of youth.

what mature Ramon Vasquez.

"Reading maketh a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an

exact man. And therefore, if a man write little, he had need have a great

memory; if he confer little, he had need have a present wit; and if he read

little,not."—Francishe had needBacon.have(15611626)much cunning, to seem to know that he doth

And now, folks, if you will draw your chairs up around have been poetry that was meant, for that is a language the old fireplace, we'll chat a bit about you and us 'n everywhich is felt more easily than understood. Children become

older rhymes; of nursery love in as one child their common as healthful so nothingthing. There's chat—sometimes their thoughts when express to valentineverses children send "het up."quitespecially without becoming can when you

Here we can warm up to our subjects, but you see we can they, themselves, are inarticulate. And we older ones, busy

use only about eight or nine hundred words on this page, earning a living and mending the children's stockings, can and, therefore, can hardly come to blows at any one time. pick up a page of poetry and forget our perplexities in our

pleasure. Try turning to the poetry page right now and see

if we aren't right. "The Color of Yesterday,"by Ardyth

Kennelly paints a word picture which will bring to mind memories of color harmonies in your own yesterdays; and

the 19year-old author, in a letter to us wrote a line which little you. about We although said, I wonder, applies She to you too. "—and pleaseareNow—aas eager be to can as we reading sit there are like as you never what likeyou-—toyou everhelpso muchyou—toand I'll know, you

occasionallyinspire to tickle We'll even you. whimsical; of Sort nice, doesn't she? poems."Sounds my

little if it isn't talk you—anda or cold too too back hot or is like less they really generation and the like younger more

to then, back, talk wanttoo anyway.. We painted, admit) are of we are them painted. some (Andwelcomeanything—but

say. tohear have you what little is an ending thing singing a with Candles""God's

which is a surprise even after you've read it several times.

"March Morning"describes a day which might be today

Glorious. after Spring snow! or tomorrow.

the desert both come and too. Mexico yesterday—oris "Marchy,""Wind"

You may be interested in what we have stored up for you in for a lovely share of attention, and "Storm and Calm"here in the archives or whatever our huge files are called. fit into the March and Wind idea. Carlton Culmsee puts

We have stacks of good stuff, but of course we can feed it in a wee love poem, for "in the spring a young man's fancy,"out only a little bit at a time. But we can tell you this you know; and some wag has added, "You bet he is!"

our April number is to be a spring number with ever so pretty is a picture the on to going number May cover—our

a great deal foreigntell you about the missions of church the missionand the ships of some home—if

the things we've asked for to us like a doesn't June number a new story—-and who now about And in time—ourwill just bring

will be devoted to the western outof-doors because godmothers and July It's called our "Godmother,"story! good

issue to the pioneers and Washington and patriotism and all in the old fairy tales always made nice things come to pass.

those fine things we like to talk about. This one isn't a fairy godmother, but she does make things

come true for some children, for Mark and herself, which is fair all the way round. It will cheer you mightily to discover how Rachel's chilly love for beauty and comfort and

the three for love flood of the before gave clothes warm way like to personally Perhaps meet would you the of some for good in love little kind of kiddies, thrown another with artists this issue.writers start of We'll and Franklin with it's is one think author, the and Carla we measure. Wolfe

is Harris. presidentStewart of He UniverBrigham Young a its in long kind, had, stories the of best the of has Era

issity, also a traveler but world he reared and durhe was for. it's waiting well April, start It will worth time. in and

life his a in ofing part about Mexico so writes he which interestingly. C. P. Shaffer and Louie Coe Roberts are two

fine teachers of Indian boys and girls at Fort Hall and White

Rocks. Thought our readers would like to know about

the Indian schools. Frank C. Robertson we have talked

about before. He was reared up in Idaho where coyotes sang "Down here in the South Seas we enjoy reading the Era

him to sleep at night \when he was a babe and where sheep very much,"says Elder V. Everet Lee, but he adds a line.

whitened all the hills around his home. You could tell that "Some people think the magazine is becoming too modernfrom his story. Clara F. Seeman is a lady down Arizona way. istic."That would be a criticism did he not add still anWe don't know much about her, but we like her. Dan V. other line. "But to me the new Era is very refreshing and

Stephens is president of the Stephens National Bank, Fremont, its upto-theminute articles and stories are all to be desired."

Nebraska. He is a friend of President Grant's and likes pioneer things. C. Frank Steele is a newspaper man up in Lethbridge, Canada, and is well known to our readers, having

written many fine things for this magazine. Estelle Webb

States lives the border the United between onThomas down all of the of books the have way, you finished By

Indians, she little Mexicans, whereand Mxico knows many all I. are and course? books good reading They A. M.and—burros. will afford a great deal of entertainment as well as knowlthe

edge. They are: "The Biography of Brigham Young,"by

his daughter and granddaughter, a book which gives a slant on a great man that is most unusual; "With Malice Toward

None,"a Lincoln story; "Singing in the Rain,"a book

Who was it said that something or other makes the whole which turns clouds inside out; "Larry,"one of the loveliest

written; ever people for and "Modern Piogood books youngworld nonce—a

delight Scouts. to neers,"a volume Boy But it mightword, kin?"nonce"—butIt has slippedyou perhapsour mindremember.for the

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE

What Kind of Music is Appropriate to the Sabbath Day?

By EDWARD P. KIMBALL

Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it difficult not to yield to them because of musicians their opportunity and their holy. For verily, this is a day appointed their being so universal. responsibility. Upon them rests much

to labors, rest to and your fromunto you since, the certain in getting years the a people of temout few woman A

Six the to High. thy devotions Mostpay in spiritual /severe the this a city into suffered the poral and nervous on

sevin the done; be butdays work may

is suitable to day. told Lord's breakdown. husband music Her was What rest, the to is the ofenth holy Sabbath

Lord,... for in six days the Lord made by leading doctors and psychologists the Sabbath day? If what has been

heaven and earth, and on the seventh day that the quickest way back to health said above be true, the question might he rested, and was refreshed... on the for his wife was for him to remove be answered by asking another: What

seventh day he finished his work and her from,all the (conditions and cirliterature, what thoughts, what lanit.sanctified Sabbath was made The guage, are for cumstances to suitable gone conduct what she had which among

Sabbath. the for not andman, man On to pieces. after Sabbath she the such of each day? done Only This was

... shalt other this day thou none do

thing, only let thy food be prepared with had lain in bed for nearly a year withas will cry to the soul in the true singleness of heart, that thy fasting may out little signs of improvement in the spirit of the Sabbath: "Be still, and

be perfect, or in other words that thy joy old environment. Among new surknow that I am God;"only such as

may be full, verily this is fasting and roundings her return to health was will lead man away from the work-a- day into deep the it world innermost have prayer, or in other words, rejoicing and quite remarkable. would Nowprayer. of his sanctum soul that part the where he can of own wiser on been much

husband if he had remembered the be brought to his knees face to face above is a scries of passages philosophy of the Sabbath, and insisted with God, where he may hear the voiceTHErelating to the Sabbath, taken long before that his wife observe the of God in the burning bush of His from the Bible and the book of intent of the Sabbath, come into a worship, from whence he may emerge

Doctrine and Covenants, and complete rest and change of thought from a spiritual Sinai clasping to his put together to show what this day is every week. But even after his wife's heart a new decalog to guide his conand why it should be observed. If the health broke under the monotony of duct through the days till the next

full meaning of this holy day, instituted constant and changeless activity and Sabbath. If the musician would know

by God, Himself, for the blessing of His thought he was still able to restore her what music is appropriate to the Lord's children, is to become manifest to them, by complete change of physical, menday, let him determine within his own and if they are to receive the blessing tal, and spiritual atmosphere. soul what this day is and what it was

vouchsafed to them by an allwise In much the same way as this womintended to and may do for man; he

Father as contained in a proper oban's health gave way are the souls of will then begin to solve the problem servance of it, they must put themmany men and women becoming sick. of his music for himself.

selves into condition to do two things. Not so much from unceasing physical The psalmist, David, gave a good

In the first place, they must fulfill the exertion as from.an unchanging attiexample of the spirit of the Sabbath as

'physical requirement placed upon them tude of mind and spirit is the disregard he sang:

by ceasing from manual labor, or more for the things of God growing in our It is a good thing to give thanks directly, from that labor, whatever it land. Even while men are trying to unto the Lord, and to sing praises

may be, upon which they rely for their worship they are still under the spell unto Thy name, O Most High: daily bread—in other words, rest; and of their everyday activity. \ Preachers To shew forth Thy loving kindness

then follow the lead of,the Creator, are endeavoring "to sell"the religion in the morning, and Thy faithfulness sanctify the work of the other six, and of Christ to the world; Sunday School every night.

become refreshed. Secondly, and most teachers go before their classes and Upon an instrument of ten strings,

important and difficult, this rest must attempt to vitalize the lesson in the and upon the psaltery; upon the harp

be utilized to bring to the spirit reculanguage of baseball or the track; with a solemn sound.

peration, renewal of faith in God, Babbits and Bartons give to us the For Thou, Lord, hast made me glad increased love toward Him, these Sacred Story in the vernacular of the through Thy work: I will triumph

manifesting themselves in praise and counting house and the street; even in the work of Thy hands.

thanksgiving alike by word and deed. the songs of praise as contained in the O Lord, how great are Thy works!

It is a comparatively simple task to wonderful old hymns of the church are and Thy thoughts are very deep.

refrain from labor on the Sabbath day revamped in the language of the week- A brutish man knoweth not; neither

if one but have the will. The tasks day chase after physical things. Is doth a fool understand this.

that need really to be performed are there any wonder that the souls of When the wicked spring as the grass, but few compared to the greater numlinen are sick with a veritable autoinand when all the workers of iniquity ber that men have come to look upon toxication of weekvday materialism? do flourish; it is that they shall be

as necessary. Every child of our What has alKmis talk to do with destroyed forever;

Father knows this in his own heart. music. It is just an attempt to bring But Thou, Lord, art Most High

To bring oneself into a spiritual obto the consideration of the Church for evermore.

servance on the other hand is not so Those that be planted in the house easy. The almost universal desecraof the Lord shall flourish in the courts

is partial to sing craving a but "The God. our the world the all over of tion day to of the craving imperfect of image is and fruit shall forth in old bring things and spreading, They and gradually

... is to prayer speech, a pray. song What

fat shall flourishing; be age: they and years ago a few only thoughts which is to personal and supremely song—the

the that is upright: shew Lord leniently the all most shocked creation To have utterance direct for would which

disposed are now so common that, not longs."Richard Cabot. He is my rock, and there is no unrightonly are they tolerated, but it is very eousness in Him.

PRIESTHOODAll Melchizedek Priesthood material is prepared under theQUORUMSdirection of the Council of the Twelve;

0<5V and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. Ji

Ward Aaronic Priesthood Supervisors

the increased activity is this in view of to expected committee attendTN asWard Supervision—Bishopric,

details to the of supervision of Priesthood Aaronic one sisted and quorums Board of by Supervisors—three

the of or quorums. of Correlationthe organization suitable As a committee more Commen, as needed, with

mittees, the following instructions, isthey will consider the prevailing conone as chairman. Each member of

sued by the Presiding Bishopric are ditions of all the quorums and the the Bishopric has general charge of timely and bishop priesthood—the

Supervisors Ward the Priest's quorum, important:—The primary individualnecessary reports,members,and makepTanTo5ecureup the oneas presidentgrade of of

responsibility for the direction of the the activity and interest of every and each of the counselors in charge

Aaronic Priesthood rests upon the member of the Aaronic Priesthood in of another grade.

the ward. the arrangeinbishopric. Under the nature But, very new Supervisors'individu-

I. of Priesthood Duties—Act their ment things, becauseof of A. work, manifold M. ally as class leaders in quorums. Hold also, will, they actduties, bishopric ordinarily the and cannot Vanguard on weekly committee meetings a as board, Scoutgive necessary the the preparCommittees. for Troop time preferably after priesthood meeting. class lessons varithe ination of the Stake of Followup (a) attendance of memSupervision—Committee folto detailed theous nor quorums council, high assistants. with other bers, (b) weekly assignments of duto the assignments of dutylowup of as Organize ties, stake auxiliary somewhat (c) lesson preparation by memthe attengive various nor members, all board. Visit in bers, wards, quorums (d) prepare monthly reports for totion the individual welfare each of

if possible. weekly, that stake See these committee, (e) prepare young priesthood. the these ofmember For

are standards met. reGet for monthly men ordination and advancement, a superreasons of committee ward

visors should be appointed by the ports from all wards. Occasional stake (f) supervise social and fraternal acbishopric to labor under their direcsocial gatherings should be held. Pretivities, and (g) consider general weltion in handling the details. They pare monthly summary of ward refare of quorums. Under the new arshould be men who are thoroughly ports for stake presidency and for rangement of Priesthood-M. I. A.

interested in boys and who have the their own guidance in improving they will also act. on Vanguard and

boys'viewpoint. Each member of conditions. Scout Troop Committees.

Means of Success in Promoting Attendance of the

Aaronic Priesthood By MANTON MOODY Stake Committee, Deseret Stake

T JNDOUBTEDLY in all the stakes he is keeping the Word of Wisdom ments, it naturally follows that, of of Zion there are a certain numor not, that you encourage him in those boys who were visited and who ber who attend regularly their Priestsome way, that you give him a kind have been inactive, a great per cent hood meetings. It is not with those word, and I believe it will go a long will come out to the Priesthood meetwho are regular in their attendance way to get him to come to Priesthood ings. I think we cannot overstress

that the problem lies, but with those meeting. Boys like to be noticed; the value of assignments.

it is natural to like to be noticed. Priestabsent habitually are fromwho I think also that outings a have the bishopric will greet the be If and boys meeting. must meanshood Some great deal to do with successful atlittle give a I them encouragement, the devised can break whereby we tendance of the at their boys regular

it sure will a go am long get inactivity the towardtrend boys and way of Priesthood meetings. For example, bringing to out them the inactive Priesthood totally paror been havewho in one the month attendance at our meetings. tially to to Priesthood out so come regular monthly or Union Stake Priestit is the in Priesthood for meetings, I also, believe, that are assignments meeting hood had we increase an of

spiritual get that they foodmeetings fine very in getting to boys attend attendance of the Lesser Priesthood of is essential. that so Psjesthood it is meetings. fact, a Now about this and to 800%, was due

T believe we might put it under the records of our stake show, that the fact that the Stake Committee had two heads: 1st, getting those who 90% of the Priests who were given visited all the wards in the stake and

are not attending their Priesthood assignments filled those assignments. had informed the boys that an outing

meetings to attend, and 2nd, to keep Also 90% of the Teachers given was to take place after the Stake them coming out after they once assignments filled the same and 96% Union or Priesthood meeting, and as come. I believe that one of the chief of the Deacons filled their assign- a result there was an increase of atthings that will stimulate interest and ments. If this is the case, it seems tendance from about 18 of the Lesser

get attendance of the boys at Priestthen that we should never want for Priesthood members to 127. This

hood meetings is the interest that the giving the boys something to do. Give is a very remarkable increase, and I

bishoprics in the ward show in their them assignments and they will fill am sure it was due to the outing boys. It has been stated that the them. If we give boys assignments planned for the boys. Similar outings

bishops do not have time to visit to go and visit members who are not can be planned for the boys in the each boy personally. But I suggest in the habit of attending meetings and wards and similar success can be met

that when you meet a boy, whether 96% of these boys fill the assignwith.

302 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

Now, as to the means of keeping essential also, to get men who can get to Priesthood meeting that will the boys after you once get them mix with the boys and still hold their bring them back. If they are given

there. It is true that a man will not dignity. something worthwhile in Priesthood

return to a well if he finds it empty I also feel that we can meet with meeting I am sure they will come reand so, if the boys who have been a great deal of success by the bishoppeatedly and grow spiritually thereneglectful in their attendance at meetrics giving their three minute talks as by. It is necessary that we get the

ing come out and find there is nothing outlined for them in the respective boys to attend and then make it profitthere they are interested in, they will classes of the Lesser Priesthood quoable to them.

return. thenot Therefore that problem I urge the rums. bishoprics So I believe the biggest conproblem

I interest believeof solved. arrange be must to give their talks every Sunthe fronting today is the work Church this will solve problem if you you day or they conmorning, whenever

boyswill solve the problem of attendance. vene for their Priesthood work. I of the Lesser Priesthood—getting

We believe that the bishopric and think this will go a long way in ento attend to their Priesthood work ward supervising committee should secouraging the boys. It is true that the that they might grow spiritually and

lect the very best boys'men they parents should not have to drive the intellectually, that they will be enhave in their ward to teach the Lesser boys to Priesthood meeting. They abled in the future to carry on the

Priesthood classes. I think this is should be given something when they work of service in the Church.

An Ordained Teacher Functions in His Calling

TN many parts of the Church orboy had experienced difficulty in getbasket might never be empty this dained teachers and priests are being ting his teaching done promptly each winter. If there is one thing that we

encouraged to become ward teachers. month. With the consent of the have been negligent in as Latterday

Many interesting experiences are comsenior partner, the boy invited a felSaints, it is in family prayer. There

ing to light indicating that good relow teacher to make the visit with is a big family of us and it is hard sults are being secured. From Elder him. One woman, in whose home to get together for prayer. After the

Junius Banks of Lehi Stake comes the boys had been, seeing the mother boys left, my husband said that if a report of a recent experience in that of one of the boys, had this to say two young boys could come into our stake that is worthy of the serious of their visit: "Your son is to be home and set us an example like that,

consideration of those having the complimented on the way he confrom now on we are going to have supervision of the Aaronic Priesthood. ducted block teaching in our home family prayer. And to prove that

Elder Banks recites the incident as follast night. Before leaving the young his intentions were genuine, he had

lows: teacher was called upon to be mouth us all kneel before retiring for the

A young teacher, ordained but a in prayer as we all, twelve of us, night."It might be explained that

few months ago, had been assigned knelt in a family circle. His prayer this family has had a struggle to obas the partner of a seventy to do was simple and short but it went right tain food, clothing, and other necesblock teaching. For some time the to our hearts as he asked that our sities during these distressing times.

Liberty Ward Gets Excellent Results

A BRIEF report of the system of Our boys holding the offices of TeachPriesthood occasionally to discuss boy supervising the Liberty Ward in er and Priest are used so far as pracproblems with the object of getting

Be3r Lake Stake to make the Priestticable, but we do not aim to use anytheir support in our guidance of the hood activities effective has been subone using tobacco or liquor, boys.

mitted by Bishop Torrey L. Austin 2nd. We try hard to get all mem4th. Regular and definite assignas follows: bers holding the Priesthood to officiate ments are made to boys and are care1st. We have a system of ward in their respective callings. For exfully checked each week and reasons

teaching which has proven very effectample, Melchizedek Priesthood memascertained why assignments are not ive. Our ward of fourteen districts bers to perform blessings, ordinations, filled.

is administrations, confirmations, espeinto geographicaldivided parts two girls 5 th. boys, Men, and women, cially their children, ly. the with and teachers living give in own We

are to urged babies strongly attend to districts first Priesthood bapAaronic the members seven one to Wednesday night to make their visit and the tize, administer sacrament, do ward Sunday services.

balance the second Wednesday night. teaching, assist the poor, etc. All the deacons and teachers of the

Our teaching therefore is usually fin3rd. We hold meetings with the ward have received their Patriarchal

ished by the middle of the month. fathers of the boys holding Aaronic Blessings.

St. Charles Ward Adopts Unique Plan

HpHE Aaronic Priesthood of the St. by a small majority. The losing side 53%. The social was given in the

Charles Ward in Bear Lake Stake gave a "weinie"roast to the winners Recreation Hall. The evening was

conceived the idea of conducting conand their partners in St. Charles canspent in games and dancing, and a

tests to stimulate interest in their work yon. watermelon social. The fathers were

and if possible to get a larger attendFor the Priesthood session of the pitted against the sons in the various ance at the class meetings. last quarterly conference of the stake, contests and even mothers were

The quorum teachers numbered the the Aaronic Priesthood challenged the brought into the contest against their names as they appeared on the roll Melchizedek Priesthood to an attendsons. When enough women could

book and those holding the even numance contest, the losing side to give a not be found to contest, a few fathers bers were pitted against those holding Priesthood social to all the Priesthood were dressed up as women, thereby the odds. They contested. They of the ward and their partners. The affording much amusement.

had an attendance during the month Aaronic Priesthood won with an atDuring the month of September the of August of 87%. The odds won tendance of 60% as compared to Priests and Teachers contested for atThe Improvement Era for March, 1932 303

tendance at Priesthood class meetings, officers and Primary officers were This worked splendidly and as far as the Priests winning with an attendcharged with the responsibility of we can tell there was not a woman ance of 85% as against 83% for laboring with all members of the ward holding any of these offices who did the Teachers. The Teachers gave a holding the Priesthood. In the event not respond, effectively to her task.

party to the Priesthood and partners. a mother had a number of boys in The result is that many boys who

In order to stimulate interest on her home holding the Priesthood, were lukewarm in their Priesthood the part of parents in this contest, she was held responsible for the task activities have been brought in and

Relief Society officers, Y. L. M. I. A. of getting the boys out to meeting. the interest of their parents secured.

A Deacon and His Quorum (Talk given by Deacon Max Hymas in expected to clean up the church. This to the time when it will be completed.

the Priesthood session of Quarterly Conmeans to sweep, dust,. put things in Last winter we had a registered scout

ference, Bear Lake Stake.) order, furnish and assist with the Sactroop in our ward composed mostly

rament. The church is not always as of deacons. We hope to continue this

T HAVE been asked to talk two minclean as we would like it but we try work this year because a good scout utes on what the deacons in our to do our best. is a good deacon. You all know the

are doing. Iward will scout oath: honor do "On my chopdeacons have and sawed The

I think to duty to do and God my best my for the for and church we have a very good quoped wood rum of Deacons in the Liberty Ward. widows. my country and obey the scout law:

assignments, 145 of were 160 to times,Out all at to other people help the of are starting Book on Wefilled. figures taken were from These strong, mentalphysically keep myself

all boys have of the and Remembrancethe Priestreport of Aaronic I feel ward straight."ly morally and awake Blessings. Patriarchal their

six for ending months Junehood to this appreciate that helps us work 30th. During that time we held 24 We are very fortunate in having a the Priesthood.

class in Patriarch meetings our ward, of attendBishop Morwith 90 % some I hope we can go on through the at boys have receivedance; cent attendance of our per gan. The

Sunday School is also 90. very fine promises if they will live other quorums of the Priesthood doing

When a boy receives an assignment for them. We expect to take this our best, doing the things we are

as acting deacon for two weeks, he is work up step by step looking forward asked to do.

How To Cure the Cigarette Habit

By D. H. KRESS, M. D.

Neurologist, Washington Sanitarium and Hospital, Washington, D. C.

npHE first step in giving up the salt and coffee and tea, and also the For a period of two or three weeks cigarette is to give it up. Many free use of meats. make use of cereal foods, as shredded

flakes, biscuits, krumbles. branfail because they never really reach diet of wheat will following be found The

puffed rye bread, wheat wheat, wholethis point. careaid. If greatest followed the

Keep away from smokers and tofully, the discovery will be made, by or graham bread, etc., with milk and

baccosmoke-laden atmosphere as far the end of the first week, that the cream, buttermilk, cottage cheese, nuts as possible for about three weeks. craving has materially lessened and (well masticated). At the close of

fruits, the as subacid use fresh meal rinse it is for meal, each oneAfter week the third not of the end week by pinepears, peaches, apples, a f one the without craving find mouth to that the has oranges, unusual P?I apples, grapefruit. dates Figs, and nitrate. silvercent solution of This this entirely disappeared. almost With

raisins, fruits sauce apple canned and distaste creates smoke, is tobacco for a effort cerout, the assurance held and will relieve throat irritation. tainly worth a trial. are indicated. Highly seasoned foods

and stimulating drinks should be

Purchase five cents'worth of genavoided.

tian root (or camomile blossoms) and chew it during the day when A patient who had used tobacco the desire to smoke appears. for fortytwo years, adopting this

treatment for three months wrote: "It

assist in eliminating To to the poison seems wonderful I now me that take of a teaspoonful a dose composed (for or craving tobacco have no each of rochelle salts and cream of drink."

tartar each morning before breakfast for one week. If possible take a Another writes: "I am glad to say

Turkish bath, or a good sweat bath I have not used tobacco in any form three weeks no desire and have of some kind, twice during the first for it."after Still another, for

two weeks. Drink water, orange weeks, says: **The desire for smokingfour

juice or grapefruit juice freely. has entirely disappeared. I have inKeep out in the open air as much creased in weight and considerably

as possible. Keep the mind occupied. in strength. My mind is clearer, not

The greatest aid will be found in being doped. I am exceedingly glad

a change of dietetic habits. Smokers I quit."

are fond of highly seasoned foods and No victory has ever been won withstimulating drinks. out a conflict and fight. Divine aid

It is necessary to give up the use is promised those who strive lawfully of pepper, mustard, the free use of Caspian Terns, Utah Lake and victory is assured.

: j

MUTUAL MESSAG

Executive T)epartment\ Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH, 47 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET RUTH MAY FOX,

RICHARD R. LYMAN, LUCY GRANT CANNON,

MELVIN'J. BALLARD, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING General Secretary:

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ELSIE HOGAN

George Washington Bicentennial

line with the naApril and plant on the church groundsDURING the remainder of the seaning April 26. In

son, the M. I. A. program will tional events to be featured in April in every ward a George Washington

be colored largely by the spirit of the and May we suggest the following Memorial Tree.

George Washington Bicentennial celetoP lcs: bollsm f a. trec can

be Washington preemiremembered s, V** u correspondenceibration. tuThrough 1 a April,..,, (PaHonor Day. nently 9—Stake in Deeprooted the a ground,* interview personaland s triot > Anniversary of Paul Day; is tree like a comi man> out of

I. been haveBoards of M. 's the mGeneraltouch A Revere Midnight Ride). its the lifting earth, but to branches

with the National Commission who L Singing—"America."heaven. And as it grows in usefulto send pagagreedhave generously in ess, so Midnight Ride n beauty. it grows It may 2. Reading—The printed other maeants, plays, and ages, it offers the outlast f pau i Reve re. to its shade

terial to our stake organization who 3. a brief talk on the Battle of all alike, and its disinterested minin turn will distribute them to the Lexington and Concord. istries succour a thirsty countryside and

wards. its April for aesthetic physical Program provide Day and 26—Inaugural In a letter to Mr. Sol Bloom, assonecessities. a tree First spirit Inauguration, (Washington's bespeaks So the

ciate director of the commission, a April 30, 1879). of Washington. He was democratic

rather comprehensive idea of the ex- 1, Patriotic music. in his services, regal in his leadership,

tent of the activities of the Mutual 2. Reading of Washington's Inaucommanding in his principles, while

Improvement Associations and an gural address. he extended a brotherly hand to a new

assurance of their willingness to co- 3, Ten minute talk on George and independent people struggling for operate in this celebration was given. Washington the President. fuller freedom.

written: has American Tree Association, The In response Mr. Bloom Program. Day May 3—May

.. ', will Washington, D., to all send C, red Braid Pole in white Mav 1'and. appreciative of are mdeed. "We it for who <-un->r:>. "Bicentennial,. the,., interest thus daufn decolorsuluethe keen the verygrateful f for Tree Plantingwrite giving suggesBook, 2. Patriotic songs. cooperation hearty the very andshown tlons for telling to and how a PSam 3. the coming with of to Pledge Allegiance the connection Flag. inextended

celebration, and want you to know that May 10 The Mother of WashingPla nt.

such to furnish utmost will our dowe ton of Mother's honof Day).

published materialliterature by and j 7 National( In Music Week (Seev Sunday this M J Evening desire need as o Meeting;o and you mayCommission rfor newspapers suggestive procarrying in the development and aidas an ror the of grams National Music Pm proWeek worthwhile extensive the and ofout

the for Committee). are formulating you whichgram

Latterof the Stakes Wards andvarious May Drama Week General Theme—PRAYER 24—National

Saints'Church."day (Presentation of George WashingPROGRAM

events six major, ay the Era January In 1. Singing song. prayer some "Prayer Y i.', offf.uthe Seasonc of, ln,31—Closing I. the A. carriedto forward M. be by [$

I. | A. Mw,M. listed. 2.were PJLord's Prayer by Invocation—The PtlnaL 'a VangUard member..... Feb. Ball "1. Birthday Washington ig{ 3

4.'Singing-"Sweet Hour of Prayer."2. Sunday Evening Service....March -

3. Pageant 1 lee Planting discoursc minutc on / er. TTAf1 pw Ceremonial Planting May4. Tree prayer is Sec helpful hat pREES, -..May5. Washington Drama George trees—a long line of them, 5, Fifteen material furnished.6. Fourth of July Celebration—July reaching from ocean to ocean! Ten g he difference between heart

lip prayers prayers. and onumentl} ofor aa partoart fortor SundaySunday MaterialMaterial theme is. Z* Association American The. Tree afatman! 7-6 7 Rnar Mark M the for in March, ServiceEvening cooperating the with George Wash- - and LmWe is sent the—See play being forpageant and Prayeroraver nnv.rP fXSee Bicentennial ington a in Commission \ [q \ g ofdirect Washington from ie<:U i treeLiec great "Citiesluet., pidnLiuyolanting niuvautiu. movement the1 s all1.to jThe inconsistency ofc praying,i /-q -ru "I. superintendents and stake A.M.STTA t! states are e towns a and *u working out

presidents for use in the wards. program. Memorial Groves, Memorial pay our fast offerings or for

the George In February Era Washindividual Roadways, Trees Memorial the prosperitv of Z fon when as are toington be recommended in programs were included the plan. are to not we our wim

halfhour the optional four ofone is lt that suggested the I. A. M. tithing, forgiven or to be when

programs during the five weeks beginhave a tree planting ceremonial in we hold grudaes

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 305

D. The power of prayer united

with faith. See Doctrine and Covenants 28:13; 42:14; Community Activity

103:36; 104:78, 79. Preshall not be a hurried chore ferably but an by an M Man. Nineteen Recreation ing

for talk opportunity6. Fifteen comradeship for and minute on prayer,

showing: Principles growth for the whole man.

furnished and A. Thatpray.—Materialit is highly natural to (Compiled by National Recreation Association) Rest, repose, reflection, contemplaelsewhere. t VERY child needs to be exposed to reationtion areandin oughtthemselvesnever a toformbe crowdedof recactivities that the growthgiving active play. religion. out prayer, B. by more no That—No satisfaction the through brought to have Jesus C. means That to follow recreation Those activities are most

tramping, swimming, a be praying dancimportant completely which most comto singing, ball games; ably given by a person—preferGleaner. ages,—toing, skating, individual loses so that he mand the

instruments; to dramusical7. three testimonies of playing minute in Two all himself gives them and that he

activities; things to matic with making prayer by is has to them. and experiences—preferably pets, the to helpto for hands; caring adult members. satisfaction Ultimate in recreation to getting to plants ing grow, know8. of song one's comes only through achieveprayer—SugSinging—A own scientific exto trying nature, simple gested, last verse the of "America."kind. ment, of some trying things to periments; to make9. Benediction.

beautiful; to learning the joy of teamThe form of one's recreation as an

Some Helpful Material and play, of comradeship in doing things adult, often, though not always,

References with others. should be such as to use in part powPrayer is a call of man to his maker. Every child needs to discover which ers unused in the rest of one's life.

Prayer is communion with the Lord. are the special activities which give A man is successful in his recreaSecret prayer is correspondence with him personal satisfaction and joy. In tion life in so far as the forms ofGod marked—"personal."Family these activities he should be helped to activity he chooses create a play spirit,

prayer is a means of "closeknitting"develop the skills essential to supreme a humor, which to some extent perthe group. Every honest, humble enjoyment throughout life. vades all his working hours, helping

prayer pays for itself in the result of Every child should choose certain him to find enjoyment constantly in the reach. Neglect of prayer lessens activities, certain hobbies that he can the little events of life.

the love of for his God. man play of is eschildhood A happy lives so that keep long as he up as

is, remains, Prayer the deepest and sential to normal growth. Normal stretches. be no "dull"there may

Cavtsjle. theimpulse of of soul man. are and likely men to most women certain should have Every forms man

the children grow from iwho have little recreation require space which this great truthLet present be night of well played happily. and Normal fitted small into can be and which day, and easily continue more men as normal time. fragments of presentBut be most preach when we they keep childhood habit up of play.

a to needs Every well know man pray, or children That and and men women limited of games which number the certain world, round our beholdLook likely to live be this more may kind likes for himself use he indoors and love, chain of life, of is experience there shows there that so outdoors will never be all all above.Combining below and usually for need action: community of occasion an he think cannot when—Pope. Every a needs person, community do. to anything

is It natural to grateful be and an unpaid or committee board to Every should helped be man is It natural to meek, be charged thinking, with planning, and the in finding habit of pleasure form is It natural to prayerful be to working provide for opportunity reading.

seek. love to God's help and the best possible use leisure the of hours a least should at Most men know

To doubt the necessity of prayer few songs with good music so that of men, women, and children.

is to disbelieve in the ideality of the they may sing when they feel like it. Community recreation programs

life of Jesus. He prayed for himself Every man should be helped to disshould continue throughout the year.

in Gethsemane. The heroic spiritual cover some form of beauty which he Support of community recreation

struggle glorious and victory is recan should it programs tax be through funds really make his own—whether incorded 14:3242. Mark He prayed be beauty of line, local the form, color, or of department under some

for his friends; this memorable prayer sound. government.

acontaining to report Father His and best thrives in sunlight. the Man playneeds community Every

is disciplesa for plea His recorded in Every should helped be man parks, to form grounds, centers recreation and 1 7. for prayed enemies HisJohn He active, habits of being of breathing as just city every needs and town

in this prayer, dying His withhour; deeply in air. the sunlit outdoor streets sewers. and

pointedness, equal inout pleadan and is living Since business the not and Every should provide community ising, in in 23. found Praying Luke life cities end of be our should planned

its for children opportunity they whensecret habits. the one Lord's of was the as of point living from of view leave to school musical the continue If theSee 6:12. 6:46, Luke Mark as well business of industry. and Sunspecialized other dramatic and and toSavior needed pray about what light, air, spaces, parks, playopen activities recreation they have which satislive amortals to attempting grounds, in esare abundant measure enjoyed school during days. lifefactory praying? without sentials is living to that give any to

permanent joy and satisfaction. Community recreation programs

Washington Program It is of the greatest importance that should allow for a broad range of tastes interests and of degrees and varying every be person exposed to rhythm "Washington bemental Returns"—physical energy. and cause without rhythm is incomman Pageant Every persons needs community plete himself and tires bores and

A CCORDING to the suggested proothers. trained to lead in recreation just as

gram for M. I. A. participation About one year in every ten of a much as it needs persons trained in

in the George Washington Bicentennial man's life is spent in eating. It is of education.

Celebration a pageant is listed for fundamental importance that this oneSatisfying recreation, whether for

April. tenth of a man's life shall be so lit up the individual or for the community,

{Continued on page 306) by play of mind upon mind that eatinvolves real planning.

306 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

Church places too much emphasis on >- the Word of Wisdom. So far as weAdult Messages know, however, none of those who

thus complain observe the Word of

A/TANY gratifying reports have dred pages of How to Live is likely Wisdom. Is it not generally true that

reached us of the success attendto see much more in the Word of he who complains about how the tithing the work of the Adult Department. Wisdom than he suspected it conings of the Church are used is not a

In many wards the enrollment in this tained. The study of the book may full tithe payer?

department is much larger than that therefore be considered a study of one the of last year. of laws of the Church—the Word The Activity Program

Project of work was under way durWisdom.

ing the fall in most of the Wards and The Word of Wisdom may be re- A very successful use of the halfthe class discussion work, based on the garded as a code of health, for it cerhour program has been reported from book How to Live was arousing a tainly is a brief but most excellent one of the wards. Each of the acgreat deal of interest. The halfhour document on personal health. Any tivities is treated in its turn. First by

activity (recreational) program was statements or information that fill in demonstration and then theoretically.

also reported to be succeeding this year or illuminate the teachings of this docIn this very interesting manner each much better than last. ument should be of the utmost interest activity is introduced by an event preto believers in the Word of Wisdom. sented before the class either by members class of the accounts brought in part the success for or by peopleThe Project This

outside. the the of the this season. in from Following Adult Classes Many

Unusual activity is reported from of the enrolled members are getting presentation of the event, the history the eleven stakes of the Salt Lake and new light on the laws and rules of of the activity together with its develSouth Davis areas where the "Health health. They are learning much about opment is discussed and a few of the

of the School Child"has been selected what to eat, how to eat, what to do, best productions in the particular field as a project. This project was recomwhat to avoid doing, etc., that enare read to and discussed by the class.

mended by the subcommittee headed ables them to observe more nearly the Send in to the Adult Department by Dr. T. F. Hardy and unanimously laws of health than heretofore. of the Improvement Era an account of

workWard and the Stakeaccepted by anything unusual or helpful that has Prophet Joseph The Smith taught their at Stakes eleveners of these class its in either in your of joint that every blessing is based a law, developed upon meeting at the Bishop's Building Dethe observance of which is necessary departments, the project, class discuscember 3rd. to get the blessing. Likewise the sion, or the halfhour activity proWhite Charter, Health Child gram. The blessings of health can secured be only

in which 1930, for conferenceHouse the observing by laws health. of has class What your successmade is Protection"and Health "Child Scientists and thinking ful? people single element now What do you Hoover, President byrecommended agree the doctrine taught upon the consider by has its contributed to most the comof attention the to calledwas as being Prophet for success? health. good report to your the Add many the that recommended It wasmittee. Latterday Saints joyfully insplendid welcome that ones are being received the along proceed shouldcommittee that formation teaches to them the showing is how splendid that work charter This suggested. thereinlines better observe laws. health being done by the Adult Department and may form in book prepared is well people some But that complain I. the of the A. M.

Deseret Book the cost from at had *be *=*s.

Company for 50c. Continued from "The work has been undertaken,"Executive Messages page 305

the of each "in Hardy, Dr.writes Pageant "Washington The Reis Pageant The divided into four enthusiasm. considerable withwards the turns,"prepared Congressional by episodes a with prelude a postand apbeen have committees findingFact Bicentennial Commission was included lude. It can be presented in elaban projust what ascertain topointed in sent the material to Stake Superorate a or simple manner. Either one

'perifor schools in the is madevision to intendents Washington from be of the episodes could separatebe taken mental and physicalodical examinadistributed to Wards. ly if desired and the whole Pageant

protective care of teeth;tions and simplified as to parof people number

and preventive measures against comticipating and scenes presented.

of insuring the diseases;municable If thought advisable the Pageant pasteurized food, proper andpure could be a presented basis, on Stake instruchealth water,milk, and pure various to assigned epian Wards do

recreation.'mental andtion, physical sode certain or scenes episode. of an

contact also to areetc. Committees

and cooperate with The Parent TeachThe Pageant depicts the scenes of ers Association and other Health AgenWashington's life from youth to oldcies as well as the proper school age. Episode I—Youth and Advenauthorities and civic agencies."ture—is founded on Washington's love of adventure. Episode II—The

the romantic Home—reveals

side of Washington'sClass Discussion Manand homelovingand 1 nature. Episode,111—The General The Word of Wisdom is a law ofthe Church, the observance of which and Fame—is founded on the period

will promote our physical, mental and in history that brought fame to Washington. Statesman Episode,all admit. fact thatspiritual IV—The health—a Washingand fully Saints the Latterday Immortality—depicts haveBut

Presito the ton's journey triumphal of all the that Wordcomprehended his scenes the closing of dency and Undoubtedly teaches? manyWisdom

life. great

it includes for not, have themof much more than the nonuse of tea, We suggest that a determined effort coffee, liquor and tobacco. Anyone be made to present the Pageant creditwho carefully reads the first two hunWalls of Fort Deseret ably either on a Ward or a Stake basis.

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 307

ject evening will be devoted to a jour-.lfe.—ney into the past, for customs, mewill keepsakes and clothing mentoes,

Manual, Gleaner (See considered. Men Messages beM

Ogden Again to Conduct the Watchwinner Fobsand silverwill beBasketawardedBall Watchto the p.you 18.)will beSearchsurprisedin yourhow homesmany andreal

cherare find will treasures which you runnersup. the for Fobs BasketballInterdivision been put away have ished which and the at Weber Gym year Ogden Last

list and us keeping. numsafe Let forTournament some night saw and every packed was givmementoes, keepsakes ber and our ball basket in competition finest the of the Ogden that fact the of reason that each, so clear description of a ingT>Y the in witnessed ever been that has *-* interdivithe after us conducted follow those know may Men who M even to be promises year state. This year last the tournament value. ball Include their history and basketsion this of ball fans basket the better and decided it been has success heirlooms, brass family history of suchwith into Ogmove state will undoubtedly this it again conduct to candlesticks, pordaguerrotypes and them allowto fine tournament. this see to den

traits. a custhe description of Giveyear. were in Ogden fourth Ward The another for forward the are clothing long of going ago worn, toms Plans

Lincoln last year Ward and winners the the at Weber held dressing; styles to be hair of furnishtournament homebig

runnersup. the were City Lake Salt of of March nights ings. the Tell albums, autograph of on waxGymnasium committee his and Lindquist Carl Representatives 12th. ticks carpets, flowers, rag straw and and 11th 10th,

this tournament of director the will be the in ward every feather beds. carpractically account Give an offrom the of Men supervision the under for M compete there to ing for churning; will milk be and cookingChurch Board. the General of Committee Ball Basket fireplace in Gold oldfashioned an or bake championship. the

oven; molding candles; making soap;

knitting socks; carding and dyeing

wool. a "Treasure of Truth"bookGleaner Girls From we give below a story of some little

Course of Study Project blue slippers, now a valued keepsake.

have leaders Gleaner "A hope ward 1 7E Little Blue Slippers"**'"My DiscusMarch, of the month "Treastheir ward commenced FOR treasures "Exceedingly dear among History the my of 15 they that 14 and 13, and sions books ures Truth"of is little pair a beslippers of blue which, to "treas32 40 inChapters choice in Church, the placing them are of first cause occurrences to of incident my Gleaner the of girls'200245 books. They p. clusive, the ures"from alpossession to of them, be have grown followThe given. of will stories be how select outstanding will Manual a life. the better most symbol of

ing references are suggested: the Gospel message was received; faith When just a tot of ten years, in answer

Incidents of historical interest in the promoting testimonies and incidents to a genuine longing, I was privileged to us more take faith in part make and an exhibition quicken given by which my Taylor—see John President life of

class. blessings dancing this great octruly gifts That the and of appreciative B. Rob- H. by Taylor"life of "John

life in casion be properly might service my blessing of the Gospel; the of p. Mormonism,"of Heart erts; "The dear adorned for mother provided me my local field; story of a mission the in "Es410; 391, 289290, 123126, a silk dress blue slippers hose with and is inof place which of history some 380, p. Hsitory,"in Church sentials to match. beautigirl; a Gleaner terest every to Edmunds602. I 601, attire especially 575, of 483, proud was new 383, my

girl; sim- a and Gleaner of ful poem the of persecution I slipespecially that the and was proud and law Tucker

stories incidents, and experiences, ilar a pers rather dress the of which Mormatched Years was Hundred "One Saints, their as background truths have which great at that time. In in unusual thing "Essentials my 502512: p. monism,"

Christ. ward I relative Jesus of a The pride near to the things Gospel showed The 592602. p. History,"Church

told that to too fully compiled by amazement be me should who 'books my in "Essentials Church Jubilee, of Year vain nice things make would stake me many the date 1st, which on May in Incidents 587588. p. History,"that the pleased not with Lord was and cornwill leaders commence Gleaner Wilford WoodPresident life of the people. vain the ward from contributions oiling 126- p. of Mormonism,"ruff. "Heart greatly excited thought This new my of "Treasures stake their for books from "Leaves I My childish 227230; heart straightway and and 131, mind

leaders Gleaner Stake book. Truth"confidential chat Wilford mother. Wood- a with President sought my by Journal,"

15th, later than not will send May ladylike that circumspect told She and Woodruff,"me "Wilford life of see ruff;

to stake books the contributions from respect the always conduct awaken would in "Essentials Cowley; F. M. by

to be comGeneral the book FathHeavenly and companions of up make my my Mani614. The p. History,"Church

that the Office. she too. informed er Further the me General Board at piled History,"Church in "Essentials festo, children to pleased His have Lord was have instruction of books Three life "Wilford Woodof 606609; p. earth for food of the bounties the use class of for use us prepared by been for Statehood p. 569572. ruff,"Secin revealed as also raiment for he and prothe carrying forward leaders in History,"in Church "Essentials Utah, the Doc. Cov. tion and of 59 will kept be these ject. books of One Jubilee, "EsPioneer should gives the key. 612613. us there p. We He OfBoard General the at permanently than beautification 613. p. History,"more lovers of be in not Church sentials

Salt in class leaders fice use of the for does but virtue; He lovers and Years goodness of Hundred "One "Temples,"Our other stakes. nearby City and and Lake To moderate of approval indicate His "Essentials 525; p. Mormonism,"of

life a assistance, that leaders in of need person of stake the adornment proper Salt Lake TemHistory,"in Church beautiful. sent more will be upon thereby be the made might of book copy Kirt610; 482, 481, p. 454, ple: impressed I greatly was time the Office. At the General to Board request 302, Nauvoo: 190; 188, 153, land: mother with talk gratified my by and my posas stakes as that desire many We George: St. 400; 340, 310, 308, 303, of fact great this I learned which from helps these benefit of the sible have 604; Manti: 590; sliplittle Logan: blue 563; the that Since truth. day request therefore suggestions and and life the in Incidents dear 639. increasingly ever Hawaiian: pers become have than longer not kept be the that books in "Essentials that thought the symbolize Snow, to me. of Lorenzo They

stake. in each one week have is to pleased 615, Father 483, 472, Heavenly p. History,"our Church

616,. 621. The Law of Tithing, "EsIt is of value to know that a coat of His children enjoy and possess the good

sentials in Church History,"p. 619. shellac given to "Treasures of Truth"things of life, provided of course, that

is never Giver, the of Him, love them. their preserve will help covers "Essentials in book Mission, Japanese The

gifts."the love of a superseded by Proof March the the month For History,"p. 621. Church

308 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

wishes it by writing to the Y. L. M.

I. A. Office, 33 Bishop's Building,

a MenGleaners Salt Lake City, Utah, enclosingM stamped, selfaddressed envelope.

"Table and Dinner Etiquette"is hopeth all things, The Junior department conducted a the suggestive joint program for the endureth all things."very successful session at the Leadernotes the to Refer of March.month U., the at Provo, B. held ship Y. Week is the Latterregarded Marriage by in conhelps for Era February thein last in the January. week as Saints, of and ordained day God this program. withnection referred dramatization above The relationship eternal designed to be an

the first in month the Tuesday For presented delightfully to by was It sexes. is a the agreement solemn is of suggestive program the April,of stake. girls Junior Utah from is the to grave. extend beyond which

"Courtship and Marriage, and WedLatter-day Saint young men and The Project was illustrated by a Manual, p. (Seedings."Men discussed M by was and dramatization great the wonderful have and women Ref25.) p. Manual, Gleaner 141; the department. in privilege the being of married House

is Thing At Righterence given "The the presentaLord. of delightful picturesque A 110125. 99109; Times,"All pp. is this It suggested that be program the travelogue tion of was made by

the Gleaner of 18 and 17Chapters as as possible spiritualized in and costume. Lewis, Miss (Mexmuch Ora in "Singing Book, CourseReading ideals Saint that Latterday be story.) our and ico—song beautiful give some Rain,"the emphasized. the Festival QuesSpring and The marriage. with connection inthoughts

briefly. tion mentioned were Box A is love "the says Henry Drummond Question sample for and shown Discussion Box was Problems is in the world."Lovegreatest thing

Festival the material mimeographed on lasting hapwhich bethe should obfoundation on conduct What (1) out. material passed (This was may is marriage in courtship and thepiness served young and young man by

I. to the L. be writing Y. by had M.

built. courtship? lady during Office.) General A.

(2) Is every individual qualified "Love suffereth long, and is kind; for marriage?

Love envieth not; (3) Is a diamond ring essential in

Love vaunteth not itself, is not puffed a young man plighting his troth? (See up, pp. 101, 102, "The Right Thing At VanguardsDoth not behave itself unseemly, All Times.")

Seeketh not her own, (4) What blessings and benefits remarriage? sult from a Temple easily provoked, Is not characterizes a Scouts spirit evil; What (5) Thinketh no

Rejoiceth not in iniquity, Latterday Saint wedding reception? VXTORD comes to us from Scout

but rejoiceth in the truth; (See p. 118, "The Right Thing At Executive S. Dilworth Young

Beareth all things, believeth all things, All Times.") of the Ogden Gateway Council, that

every ward in North Davis Stake has >- registeredthrough hisa officetroopat Nationalof VanguardsHeadJunior Girls quarters with the exception of one ward which is too small for a troop.

their higher, watch to from look class a ward, This small however, has Leaders Over CheckJunior the beauty of whole toward towers registered of are Vanguards with who for life. boy hero any worship Not for the Calendar athe Month troop of at Scouts National Boy

girl girl the for and boy but or who Headquarters. in the the notes fifth read April the"TOR is possess real a who is first the hero—those stake This of which we the Junior the on Manual of back prinbe Godliness. attributes of To in have the knowledge, which VanRe- 94 95).travelogue and is princesses ambition. ces (pp. mean no and guards of are every registered ward travelogue the of the purposes for, love a true It tomember and have means nationally.

and make it as memorable an occasion a wish to follow, the rules laid down in advance. prepared as possible. Be the Gospel. not made by They were

if those that you choose blocks, but Four in a jFamily as stumblingRemember to overcome who are really interested in the counto guide us over the stumbling places; (GEORGE jT. THOMPSON, the

tries that they represent, the girls canto help us build so that when our father of three Boy Scouts, is an not help but be interested in their story is completed here, it will be truly Eagle Scout and the Scoutmaster of presentations. beautiful. To take each day, and to the boys. Carlyle was the first of the

Will your class be represented in see how many of those whom we meet boys to receive the rank and has just the Retold Story event on Ward and will be made happier because of us, to returned from the California mission.

Stake Honor day? Encourage your harm no one, especially ourselves, to Heber, the second of the boys, has

girls who are training for this event. do no wrong, is to make that day just left for the Texas mission. Horace,

Find an opportunity for them to prebeautiful and to make ourselves beauthe youngest of the boys, received sent their stories to their classmates tiful. That is what it means to love his rank this month. Another of the

where they have not already done so. our neighbors as ourselves, and so to Thompson family, Emma, is at present

Chapter 18 in "Building a Life"love God with all our souls. That is in the California mission. A testitouches on the beauty and meaning of to have reverence and honor. It is monial was recently held here to honor

reverence. Junior girls are sympathetic not so hard taken each day as the day the family. Mrs. Thompson is enwith this subject because they are at comes. gaged in primary work and especially

an age when they naturally lean to- A little dramatization has been writinterested in the Trail Builder prowards hero worship and idealism. ten by Anna Lewis Evans for use with gram, We have heard of no previous

They may seem thoughtless and irrevChapter 20, "Overcoming the Philrecord wherein the father and his erent but they jare not really so. istine."Space will not permit its three sons are Eagle Scouts and the

Ours is the opportunity to help them being printed in the Era but a copy father the Scoutmaster of the troop.

understand, to help them build higher, may be had on request by anyone who (See April Era for their pictures).

....

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 309

this XXV Reading—See article on

page.BeeHive Girls May:

Nymphs—Guide XXX, Spirit of

TN line with the quotation used in file the worthwhile; gratitude for the Hive and Spirit of Religion,';A Guide XXV—-"One book read is offering of the writer; and appreciaGuide XXXI, Spirit of Religion;worth a dozen looked at"—it is intion of real accomplishment. Guide XXXII, Church Organizateresting to note a discussion by the When we have done all this and tion.

editor of An Old Fogy's Inglenook, then added the service of teaching it Builders—Guide XXVIII, Open.

in for our to others, surely joy will be comValve January, 1930. World Gatherers—Guide XXVIII, Social. diligence. of with our a cermensurate opinion on the commentsHe

tain professor in an eastern college who For Builders and Gatherers reading."Apparentadvocates "rapid

ly the professor has the subCalendar The last Tuesday in April is left gone into ject mathematically for he recommends April 5: open so that any uncompleted Guides

a definite number of words per year Nymphs—Guide XXVI, First Aid. may be finished. If you are up toas the proper quantity for each person Builders—Guide XXV, Open (Asdate, review some lesson which was

to read. signment for next week) particularly interesting, or specially The editor takes issue with the idea. Gatherers—Guide XXV, Reading. helpful to the girls. May will be

He prefers to be more selective in his April 12: "check up"and "finish up"month.

Sunshine XXVII, Keepers Book, Beereading, in time to spend more pp. reNymphs—Guide Tests—See

BeeHive for Bees andflection, questions list of to neglect sample read to even anyGirls 7 and 195. A

thing at all on some days. After nam- (Trees) for use in giving tests will be furning the reasons, in a general way, why Builders—Guide XXVI, Beauty of ished by the General Board office upon

we read he comments on his preferPerson. request upon receipt of stamped, selfence; compares reading to taking a Gatherers—Guide XXVI, Feel Joy. addressed envelope. The final tests for

walk. Evidently this editor knows April 19: completion of rank should perhaps be

how to take a walk, and enjoy it. He Nymphs—Guide XXVIII, Sunshine held in May. Make your preparawould save time by hurrying along for Bees and BeeHive Girls tions and assignments early enough.

some sections of the way, but he would (Shrubs and Flowers) sightsloiter are interesting there where Scrap Builders—Guide XXVII, is contest one Contest—There hill flowers, clouds,to be Books. General seen—the the event by recommended

lakes; thetops enjoyable and and XXVII, the for Department BeeHive Bee Board Gatherers—Guide to the be songsounds of heard—the Service. Keeper's designated by a to be song BeeHivebirds or twilight the at murmur of April 26: preferably BeeKeeper, the Stake "The

isthe there to joy be brook—where is contest Spirit Sunshine the Hive."of XXIX, The Nymphs—Guide pleasant to behad memories and

stored away; and even he would for Bees and BeeHive Girls to be carried only as far as the Stake.

"throw himself at full length on a (Birds) The event may be given in connection the those Departments, other of with just of dream."andbank moss Can Builders—Optional. or opportune or Day, any on Swarm reads? vision he youyou how Do Gatherers—Optional.

officers in charge selected the time by arBeauty thrill feeling? at Never such XXVI would of Person—An stake in or contests ward. of your ticle in the January, the the 1932, Ladies valuehe walk of number bysteps he traveled. Home Journal, "Are You GraceInvitation—The BeeHive comThen again, he compares reading to ful or Awkward?"and one in mittee would very much appreciate an

prospecting for gold, and he finds the November, 1931 issue of the expression from you as to whether the "veins"and "nuggets"because he is same magazine should give some notes in the Era have helped you in looking for them, and thus is he paid real help on this guide, and also your leadership. Are they the kind

for the effort expended in his reading; in filling cells on posture, care of you need, and do you want them conand he finds hidden treasures of knowlfeet, etc. tinued?

edge also through conscientious use of the dictionary; all of which would

probably be missed were he to concentrate on "quantity"reading. Continued from

page 273 A certain young lady who was par- $ Windticularly interested in literature said that she had several note books full of It was a verse—thrown back, his throat bare to the

clever and musical phrases culled while Oh, God, I want to feel wind.

heart breath upon Your listening to speeches reading or and my it, cried. loves she "He "Oh, it feel to clean and I want wash me discussions. her nuggets were These

it? I,see couldn't why He makes white in her she used gems, and them and

it to Bring friendly."your wind seem down me speaking.writings and

for ready night. the make me And editor speaks savoring of your The

as of reading food; savor you would

to went and him iO HE lest 1 ear""inner attunedkeeping your stood J, moEANIE "It's his hand. took wonderful!", missed; of the music and be some of

crushed little stanza in she face whispered, her turning up to tionless, the to consider frequently andpausing catch the play of fancy of the writer. her hand. She wanted to cry at to the caresses of the wind.

And so his measure of attainment his groping attempt to express his "Then you feel it, too?"he

through reading is quality and not appreciation for a thing that was asked incredulously, breathlessly.

quantity; the quality to include: carebeautiful to him. She had never She nodded. It seemed to her that

ful selection of the material to be read; really understood him until now. they were closer than they had ever

sufficient of time expenditure to allow She heard the clank of the harbeen—and standing watching the reading rather than a skimming

through; alertness of mind to recogness as Seth drove the horses up to evening sky, her hair blowing back

nize the beauties presented; meditation the trough and running to the from her face, she found the wind

frequent enough to weigh values and window, she saw him, his head had lost its menace.

310 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

M.I.A. Accomplishments, December, 1931

i 1> q> 12 'C 13 C "-"H so fi bD U 'V<uto (8fl—BO <D(J3 -5 3 0) S a) fi.5-3

to. As March S H * O

CO *i- fi. (Deo

discussio to0J > i*9 fi having 645 No. having Wards date 2 M SQJ 2 c completed courses >si wh is enroll 3 during halfhour K3 *. to.S to to Rides to Down activity in period

class Wards >-> h. Wards +** UOa nr5

attendance their V pleted activities the Gale—6

of No. 6 Z.5o v No. 3H A fi it

1 bo USE a

1 Ix. 6*fi.5'3 B lYM YLl YM] YL|YM YL YM YL fi Music Public Speaking u

1 P 8 7 8 Alberta 10 6 9 3 4 5 8 1 3 5 6 6 6 4 4 KNIGHT fi fi B fl fi fi 1 6 R 5 Alpine 6 6 5 fi 3 3 4 5

Bannock 9 9 6 4 4 1 6 1 1 9 7 4

Bear Lake 11 10 5 2 5 6 5 2 2 4 8 8 6 Spring Bear River 12 12 12 12 9 10 7 5 10 7 1 7 3 3 12 12 8

Benson 14 8 14 8 10 8 9 8 10 2 8 5 7 2 13 13 10

Beaver 5 4 3 1 3 4 2 2 1 1 4 4 2

Big Horn 6 6 4 4 3 4 1 4 2 2 6 6 4 9 Blackfoot 14 7 5 3 1 7 2 12 12 4 11 Canyon 7 4 2 6 "2 22 122 122 10 Blaine 4 2 1 3 2 3 2 5 5 2

AND BoxelderCache 138 7 138 7 137 3 116 6 138 67 105 63 54 63 63 137 116 8i>

Carbon 9 8 5 5 5 3 3 1 3 2 1 6 6 2

Cassia 5 4 2 2 2 1 4 1 3 4... 1 10 10 7 8 2 8 Cottonwood 10 1... 10 7j...

2 2 3 1 1 6 3"2 Curlew 3 3 3 ROYAL Deseret 12 8 4 4 8 4 1 4 1 6....

Duchesne 11 6 3 5 4 3 3 4 4 5 6 4

4 2 2 2 3 5 3 8 3 6 1 11 2 6 4 Emery * 7 4 fi 4 Coals East Jordan 11 S 11 8 10 6 5 6 9 3 7 3 5 1 11 9 5 8 8 6 7 4 4 8 Ensign 5

Franklin 11 10 8 9 9 9 4 3 6 4 10 5

5 2 2 6 6 5 2 1 2 5 6 6 4 2 As Fremont 14 14 14 13 10 8 9 io 13 3 6 3 6 1 "l 14 14 10 4 6 the Garfield 8 7 March rides down 3 9 6 9 1 1 9 6 Granite 7 10 10 4 gale bringing clear cold nights 5 7 7 12 8 4 4 8 9 8 Grant 12 14 10 and sudden chilling showers, HollywoodGunnison 147 136 56 53 115 15 28 "i 18 "5 21 13G 116 91 assure your comfort with Knight Idaho 9 2 5 2 5 1 B 2 5 1 3 2 3 3 3 6 G 2

Spring Canyon and Royal coals. JuabIdaho Falls 125 12 125 10 10fi 3 46 9 115 3 8 5 1 2 2 12 10 7

The firm, straightgrain of Kanab 1 7 5 5 2 7 3 5 fi i4 41 23 22 21 2 5fi 55 12

Knight Spring Canyon, as it Kolob 5 5 2 2 5 3 5 3 1 5 4 5 comes from Utah's deepest coal LethbridgeLehi 97 54 6 43 6 33 5 34 5 15 15 5 G1 4 3 fi5 45 53 2 11 6 3 9 5 10 3 7 12 12 10 10 seam, burns long and clean and Liberty 8 2 11 7 5 9 9 4 10 11 7 11 11 11 io 9 10 Logan 7* little requires attention. very 9 9 2 4 4 5 1 6 5 5 5 9 11 9 7 Los Angeles 11 6

Lost River fi 3 3 2 3 2 2 2 1 2 3 2 3; 1 3 3 2 3 3 3 3 2 starts 3 7 Royal Lyman quickly Coal pnd

1 fi 7 1 7 1 i 7 1 8 4 4 3 5 9 8 5 5 Malad little burns with ash or soot. 3 |.... 5 i 4 5 6 4 5 Millard 5 "2 1 1 i 2 fi4 fi3 2 2 3 1 2 8 3 4 2 3 3 3 Minidoka "7 coals These bring Utah two 8 8 1 1 3 1 8 3 3 5 9 4 4 7 8 7| Moapa

!.... 4 2 2 2 14 12 10 10 Montpelier 3 11 7 5 6 7 satisfaction. comfort Call and

.... | 2 1 5 1 5 5 3 5 5 Moroni. 5 4

dealers today. your

|.... 6 5 6 8 6 6 2 1 4 2 2 4 2.... 3 4 Mt. Ogden

Nevada.. 7 5 6 4 3 2 5| 2 1 3 2 1 2 5 5 33

....| 5.... 5 3 3 Sanpete North

3.... | 2 4 North,Sevier 3 ||........ Ba 95 41 41 31 2jt fir 3 23

North Weber 14.... 10 '....| 4 7 1.... 8 2 6 5 1 1 10 9 fi

Ogden 1? 8 1! 6 1 3 10 8 1'>i q 8 1 T> 10 8

Oneida 11 11 11 10 6 3 8 8 7 7 9 2 5 1 5 10 10 7

Oquirrh 6 5 6 4 6 4 6 4 6 5 4 3 5 4 6 4 R

Palmyra 9 9 7 7 8 6 9 9 8 8 2 Panguitch 6 5 3 5 3 4 2 3 3 1 3 1 3 1 1 3 3 3

Parowan 11 8 6 5 7 4 4 4 2 3 7 7 fi

Pioneer 11 8 6 5 6 2 4 2 2 B 8 8 4

Pocatello 10 9... 5 6 8 6 6 1 3 2 1 8 8 9

Portneuf 8 6 5 4 3 3 2 5 5 4 3 3 1.... 5 5 2

Raft River 6 6 5 5 3 3 1 4 3 2 2 2 1 5 5 3

Rigby i 13 12 6 10 4 7 5 8 4 2 4 1 2 1 G G 5

St. George 9 5 3 3 5 4 3 2 1 1 2 5 4 fi

9 4 Shelley 5 2 i i 7 5 Snowflake 4 "4 2 22....1 9,1 22 22 55 fi5 33

South Davis 8 7 6 7 6 6 4 1 1 3 1 3 7 3 7

South Sevier 8 6 8 5 7 2 8 4 7 4 2 2 1 3 4 4 8 8 3

Star Valley 11 9 5 fi fi 4 fi 3 R 8 6

Summit 13 2 2 2 2 1 2 2 2 Sharon... 7 7 5 5 4 3 5 6 fi 2 5 1 5 5 2

Salt Lake 13 12 6 6 1.... 10 2 5 4 1 4 4 5 13 7 fi

San Juan 3 3 2 3 3?. 3 5! 9, 1 2 3 a 3 R 3

San Luis 4 4 2 1 2 2 1 3 1 4 4

Sevier 8 5 8 5 6 4 7 5 7 1 4 2 | 1 2 3 8 8 8

5 fi 4 4 a 4 4 4 I [

1 5 KNIGHT FUEL CO. TaylorTooeleSt. Johns 6 7 4 5 2 2 2 4 2 2 2 1 2 1 2 3 2 2 5 fi 4 fi 5 fi8 5 7 3 fi 54 1 7 6 110 3 2 '

1 3 1 3 2 3 3 4 Twin Falls ROYAL GOAL CO. UintahUnion 1 69 6 96 5 49 4 92 5 54 45 74. 3 11 33 r 2 II 9fi 5 226

1 1 6 I 9 9 8 7 8 6 5 5 7 8 8 8 6 9 9

L. E. General Adams,

1 1 9 3 7 6 8 4 7 3 2 7 7 2 4 Sales UtahWasatch

1 fi 1.... I l! Agent 3 i 6 2 4 3 3 P 6 3 7 3 Wayne

1.... 1 | 9 1 1 9 2 7 6 9 8 6 8 7 7 4 7 9 Weber Building 818 Newhouse

1 1 1 1 8 4 6 G |! 6 7 6 11 4 2 6 2 4 1 3 5 2 5 1 4 Jordan West Salt City, Lake Utah

1.... |.... I 1 1 2 4 5 2 2 2 2 2 2 Woodruff 3 41

1!........ I I 1 8 6 i 1 2 | 6 5 7 4 4 2 8 4 4 Yellowstone 110

Zion Park 1 6 4 I 4 1 3 4 1 3 1 3 I 2 4 4 3 2 I 1 1 2 4....! 4

25!.. 8 1 31 1 26 10 11 I 29 California 27 1

| I 1.... 1 1 1 fi1 101 7 II........ 1I 162 II........ I| 145!1........ 6 2 Mission!421 8........ | 4 I| Canadian Mission

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 311

A Guest in the Home Continuedpage from279 vited. The recipient should aping that the child's behaviour is a

preciate the invitation fully, and reflection of their efficiency, uncon- a critical sciously gratitude keep with eye on chilPleasures fail to to are present. guests 'is rudeanswerexpressed-—-itpromptly, dren when One

show pleasure when you are asked small boy who was sharply checkto share the home of a friend. ed in the presence of guests for doNo one should ever make a visit ing a thing that had many times

uninvited. If you have an intigone unnoticed, quickly retorted

mate friend or a relative at whose with, "Mother, you act something home you are assured that there is terrible whenever we have com- "always a place for you,"good pany."

form still demands that you give It may be necessary to correct a your prospective hostess notice of child in the presence of guests, but your intended visit. Surprise visits meting out the penalty or punishare never in good taste. The unment should be deferred until the

announced guest may find the parent can be alone with the child.

hostess ill—other guests in the Children are persons and like adults

home, or definite household plans instinctively resent an injury to which make their unexpected aptheir dignity. The child may cause

pearance difficult for all concerned. the parent to be ashamed, but there

With our ever ready telephone, is a vast difference between being telegraph and air mail service there ashamed and shamed. I

is no excuse for the guest who fails "Grown ups"should never i PLEASURES visit.to his intended send of word feel children that their make pres- i are invariably enjoyed j to the does not applyThis is guest ence conversation. a bar to There

who drops in unexpectedly for a are many subjects that cannot be by those who have won j few hours. We should all live the discussed before children, but in the game of Business, j

best day, should can each and we ill adults breeding show and make! ablea friend be should drop in we ill feel children they The Better things jn life at ease when

to put another plate on the table attempt to talk over their heads or come through Business I and welcome him to our daily fare. spell words out. Do we not teach Success. I

is differquite a a guest houseBut that children = future /your for the plans it is impolite to Whateverent matter. be Arrangements must happiness for aspiration be, your whisper in may company?

desire = is some While paramount. may fit will that person anothermade others theatre, clubs, the travel and

household.into the home, of a the The spare thought

hours. Yourfine j leisure art and Duties of Guests books,cherish fresh be put in order, mustroom things better the are fondest dreams

life. 1 oflinen on first a guest is to duty of and 'TpHE the bed—closets

these ambitions of realization Thedresser drawers emptied in order himself comfortable make wishing and luck. in rarely comes through

a forthat; place for have reward the guest may allotted the quarters to him. or womansuccess = taan the business. His Invariablyin it isAskthehis belongings, the host and and to ascertain the gensecond duty is envy. happiness you whose

theirhostess need time to plan to conyourself to duty now It is your eral of routine the household and! recognized of a seriously value the sider that so have ahead theywork may fall the schedinto then promptly business training. Remember, business

leisure their to hours spend! with and fast, keen is fascinatingly today ule. in in the or Rome,""When is There requirements. its in exactingguest. their accept a friend of hands, for home green j we time nor neither room

been has College L. D. Since 1890 if a guest keep ways. would And young and women equipping menS. for | Children Are Hosts his hostess glad""twice being.careers. from Today, business successful

TT is absolutely necessary that when he leaves, he will be prompt recognizemore so thanthe abilityever, exactingof L. D.employeesS. grad- |

arise that eat situations at the meals master whatever to and uates good feel that children to be I made success. that means finesse the with is placed before food wholesome in are to hosts they the guest too of copy for call a or write Phone, takes guest one him. The who will on It you put j Success."their "Building doesn't home. mean This

life. of better things taste the dish of to served to road and the any him are that to or used they be featured It obligation. incurs no request Your is his puts fork then being down you. to help pleasure is a aas source entertainment, of nor

eat a portiondoes it mean that they are to be very rude—he should

treated carelessly and pushed aside of it whether he likes it or not. He L. D. S. COURSES

selfalso ACCOUNTING that should rememberas inconvenience. an STENOGRAPHY

is for one. good BOOKKEEPING is discipline child seen modern when The STENOTYPY all brings the with him is all A guest also beard, well very which ENGLISH

providing he isn't petted and spoilpersonal things that are necessary his does not borto to for the ed he point wants where comfort—he L. D. S. BUSINESS also brings from row his host. He all attraccenter the times of be at

tion. Naughtiness in the presence stamps and stationery, if he has COLLEGE

of guests is usually the result of need of them, and reading material DAY AND NIGHT CLASSESthe child feeling that he is being—as he must expect to entertainpushed aside, and in his effort to himself a part of the time. WASATCH 1812

attract attention he does the rude, While the host and hostess strive ENTER ANY TIME unexpected thing. Parents realizto make their guest feel that he is L,

.:

312 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

"one of the family"they are anxThe ideal guest is careful to end ious that he share only the happy his visit on the date agreed upon, comfortable side, he therefore never thereby avoiding the risk of outintrudes in family affairs. He does staying his welcome. When he

not suggest different ways of manleaves, he should take with him the aging the household or of rearing memory of happy days, a renewed the children, but accepts the home friendship, and an urgent invitalife as it is. tion to come again.

Learning to Save Beauty in the Home Continuedpage from281 and ment which lies opposite it on the dullness of a color; and a color may

Saving to Learn color wheel. The complementary color be made duller by adding some of its

of orange is blue. When complemencomplement or gray.

Many young people who are planning tary colors are mixed they neutralize It will be found that analyzing big things for the future, are building each other, and when mixed in certain many colors for their correct hue, value a "Nationalized"savings account. They proportions they completely destroy and intensity develops skill in matchlooking to forward a college ing in identifying edueach other them. a gray neuproduce or and

to save and saving cation—learningare trality, is great colcolor sense of but complementary when Acolorstrainedand to learn at time. the same

it side ors are to to side everyone, importance they be can tend placed and by

Send us $1.00 or more to open an intensify each other. secured in one way only and that is

account in your name—then add to through exercise. It is the people with

it like, whatever you whenever sense color who live in a large, you can. The Use of Grayed or trained interest paid on daily balances. 5% beautiful world. vast and

Intense Colors INTENSITY is the attribute of color Test on Color which expresses the taste and reDraw a circle around the T if the is It finement of is true; statement a circle around the home maker. draw

is false if the statement F of BUILDING I L04N important the graying to understand ASSOCIATION colors, as grayed colors are used ex- 1. T. F. There are three primary

343 SO MAI N PHONE WAS 940 tensively in our interior decorative colors and from them, all are other hues made. are softened work. of and subdued Member They 2. are F. green yellow Red, and T.

Nationals'"The larger Group"in used and be amounts may colors. the three standard

343 So. Salt Main, City Lake colors. intense large than Whenever is 3. a F. the of T. Hue name

Dibblee, O. R. President for quantities are a color needed of color.

backgrounds, as for a rug, wall paper, 4. T. F. Navy blue is high in value.

or for the painting of the outside of 5. T. F. Powder blue is a grayed

buildings, the color should be dull. blue.

Tones of gray and socalled neutral 6. T. F. Redorange is the compleof blueviolet. mentP sand, putty, smoke, colors—taupe, is Intensity the amount of

etc., buff, backgrounds. Re- 7. T. F. good make dullness of brightness or SUMMER SESSION as versely increases a color in intensity a color.

it should used in smaller be amounts, violet 8. T. F. Orange, green and

as scarf, table in the June 6—July 16 cushions, colors. are the secondary and

For Ambitious Music otherAgainaccessories.we can look to Nature as a T. F. Colorshould inbe fullused intensityin large

Students guidecolors. in Naturethe use seldomof intenseusesandcolorsgrayedin 10. T. F. amountsTones ofin grayeda room.colors

full intensity, and then only in small such as taupe, sand and buff backmake good birds, in flowers, as butand Private Class instruction in amounts, and grounds. terflies. large she use does When all branches of music.

is shade of any hue A are strong masses they of color but 11. T.

McCune credit is recognized by temporary. The brilliancy of a field lighter than middle value.

12. is F. tint T. darker than mid- A hillside scarlet poppies, a of covor the State of EducaUtah Board

dle value. russet are in ered oaks with autumn tion, forty and leading univerby 13. is F. a tint T. of red. Brown soft duration. short of hues The sities in the of conservatories and 14. F. is T. a of shade Brown hours, for while the sky last time day

States. United orange. a colors intense beautiful sunthe of

Tuition rates are very reasonable. set are fleeting. 15. T. F. Orange is a cool color.

You pay only for the course or As a summary, a few brief state16. T. F. Blue is a receding color.

should everyone ments color of what know grayed be or may 17. T. F. A regiscourses is no i studied—there duller in inuse to colors order made about them mixing by i fee. tration

it its with of some cominclude: telligently would i>'

color. plementary three colors properties 1 All have of for our folder sum- t Ask now

8. T. F. two complementary When invalue hue, dimensions: and or mer courses. *t colors are placed side by tensity.

I side each color becomes are are 2. hues some warm, Some (

i intense. more as referred to cool. are often They

i>'receding. advancing and

t to Answers February Test is lightness 3. the of amount Value

If McCUNE color. a white of or darkness 1 is No. 7 T No. F

in it lighter color, to a 2 becomes No. added 8 P No. of Music and Art F t School 3 No. 9 No. T T is a to if hue, the black value: added

4 No. 10 T Salt No. Lake City, Utah F darker. value becomes 5 11 No. No. F

3 4. Intensity is the brightness or No. 6 T No. 12 TT

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 313

$[A Daughter of Martha Continuedpage from288

faces. disfigurement need never be told.jaws—new noses, restored

As Gloria folded the letter Claire, Gloria looked at Claire again and with her twisted face passed into put the steamship folders and the the bakery. "personally conducted tours"inThe girls were not coming to the stove—she telegraphed Peter

home yet. There was still work to wait for her in Rochester.

for nurses. "Claire, how would you like to

"As,soon as the children are go to Rochester with me and meet home, I am going to take a trip Peter and have him remake your back to Africa,"declared Gloria to face? How you would like to go

Claire. "I am going to go by airto sleep on an operating table and

plane and fast boat. I shall see wake up with a piece of new bone

the painted Kafirs, all ready for in your jaw, so your face would be war, and the slow, plodding womsmooth and even and lovely?"

en as they wash by the river. I "But it takes money, Aunty

shall see the old trekking wagons, Glory, for things like that."

loaded for the interior. I shall "Money? What did we get out

buy the chicken coop where I was of the gourds? What is Africa

born. I am going to see the place after all? A missionary has beenwhere my father was killed."telling me that the Kafirs are all G/4 Story3

"My, that will cost a lot of farmers now. They never think

money,"mused Claire. of warpaint and shields. The naby

there to the tive "Well, to use have do machines who is women a President Anthony W. is their Gloria quicker spoke even washings Theremoney?"now.

than she had intended. "I can use mine hundreds of feet deep, where Ivins

this money now, as I see fit. No the chicken coop stood that I was

one needs shoes. No one is hunborn in. The spot where my father is sure to be a winner, and

gry. No one needs education. I've was killed long ago became a part that is what this story is.been thinking and planning on of another mine. Progress—Claire.

how to spend my fortune. I'm Life, moving in its irrevocable circle."going back to old Africa—back

where I was born. I shall see Could it be that this tall unihair,Elba thinning with I formed man, time by the his "Her Mother's that told volumes whose eyes theget there,again—perhapsthey will have put

Kaiser there to end his days."lips would not utter, was the boy 'Claire turned toward her Aunty who had struggled against tears at 'Daughter

Glory. Her attempt to smile twistthe loss of his first money? Would

ed her face more markedly. "I'll he do his scientific best to serve the It's a winning story of a beaube so glad to tend the bakery while daughter of the man who hadyou're gone. I can't bake as nice taken that money—"Forgive us tiful, winning horse.

as you can, but I'll try."As she our debts, as we forgive our

watched the pathetic face, thoughts debtors."

far from Africa and chirping Peter took the disfigured face of monkeys crowded into Gloria's Claire in his hands and turned her mind. Peter's words kept up an to the light. He studied her long

insistent rhythm: "New jaws and earnestly. "It will take a

e s t o r e d faces piece of your tibia, that's your shinnew noses—r

It will take months. It willm o n e y—time—a n d patience."bone.Why limit the operation to soltake patience and money. What I

diers? Did it make any difference know is yours to command."

how the accident occurred? Why

eardid Claire's persist in twisting journeyed back 1HEY to herdownward mouth? Why clothes, in civilian did home, the man

her cheek pull upward toward the wearing a smile of achievement.

ear? The girl with an ear where God In Gift Book Style—50c Airplanes and Africa—Claire had intended it to be and a lip

and operations. that only moved when she spoke,

and a marvelous new glass eye FETER was coming that was so perfect none could deDeseret Book home. He who had gone away tect it. The woman did not see

just a big boy was coming home a the wide, prosperous fields of thewarwise surgeon. Plastic surgery. plains, nor the fine bridges over Company

the disrivers. into unconscious of She was was creepingHis name Salt Lake City - Utahpatches. she the in chair occupied returncushioned boys were Many

ing to their families so remade and Pullman. She saw only a long

repaired that the horror of their immigrant train, drawn by oxen, 314 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

moving at snail pace over the un- "I knew England would win

CHORISTERS! Last Call For chartered roads, fording the unthe war,"she added. "It took her

Contest Music bridged rivers. She saw sand lillies a long time, and it was a terrible

Chorus Book Program 35c by ant hills, buffalo chip fires, conflict, but she was finally victoTwice 55, for Male (Plus Postage)....50c

Corinna 15c prowling Indians, prayers and taps rious. If only Queen Victoria

the Night When Through 12c at night. could have lived, I am sure vicother contest Bell and Shandon

numbers 8c By the second Christmas after tory would have come sooner."

BEESLEY MUSIC CO. the war they gathered for a family "You are going to close your

reunion. Florence was nursing a bakery now, Mother,"Peter spoke

shell shocked husband back to with the authority befitting a suchealth. Flora had a brief vacacessful surgeon. "We are going to

Spiritual Progress is largetion hospital.from a supervisorshipPeter had giveninhisa ment.put youYouin awon'tnice, havemodernto botherapartit was with coal and ashes. You won't as Important as Madiamond away—he said

it concerned over ice deto be eventhave would loan—that

liveries. will terial Progress. onlyually areturn family, to the apartment be Nancy Your

To serve with complete ingbronzed,his honorsbut happy,modestly.FrancisYoungweartricheated.refrigerator.You'll haveYoua andlittleClaireelecrespect and consideration Jonas, Nancy's boy, speaking in are to live there in comfort and

slow, meticulous English, gazing peace and contentment for the rest for family circumstances wideeyed at his relations. The of your lives."

shall remain our guiding overly large, plump old lady, who "Idle contentment?"bantered

motive. was always looking for a footstool, Gloria.

was much like his nurse. "Well, you'll have time to do

"There is a roof garden on the the things you've always wanted Jos. Wm. Taylor, Inc. house where we live,"he anto do,"urged Florence. "You can

Morticians nounced gravely to his grandlearn to can take piano mother. paint—youcan learn to sing."lessons—you "Spend your money on yourAn institution for com- "I had a roof garden too, when

munity service where—I was your age, Jonas,"smiled self while you're here to enjoy it,"

Gloria. "A roof garden of necesadded Flora. "Your children don't

"The Cost is a Matter of sity. Sunflowers. The grass hopneed it."

Your Own Desire"pers ate it up."'You may lie abed mornings

"I follow a carefully balanced until you feel like getting up. Then

diet,"continued the serious faced you can push a button, and a boy whom Gloria wished could maid will bring your breakfast lose his reserve and be a carefree tray."

child. "I eat whole wheat bread "With a rose in a cut glass

and lots of green stuff."vase,"smiled Peter. "Then you'll

"I ate whole wheat too, Jonas. phone your chauffeur and he'll

Sometimes I can still hear it crack. take you for a ride."

I ate greens too. Dandelion greens "In the evening you can dineS ee were all I had to eat. The grassout, and take in a show,"added

to live for hoppers ate everything else."Flora. us,"smiled with "Come "When I am I am older—when Nancy. Jonas and "You of not going to hunt age, I am Yourself specimens like my father does,"anhave wonderful times. He'scouldtoo nounced young Jonas in clear, lonesome—I'm so busy helping

penetrating tones. "I am coming Francis."

Nothing is more importback to this country. I am going "Ah,"sighed Aunt Catherine,

ant to your health than to buy my grandfather's farm. I "if I had a lovely bakery like this,

the cleanness safety and in the with cream always ice box, seeds, dig, to love plant and and of the drink. milk you I'd ask never for a change."weeds, pull water and and clean pour as be only It can to "I children,"have work, my let to going things grow. I am dairy as which the from

it comes. Inspect your be a farmer."Gloria smiled. It Gloria knew the inevitable condairy personally. See was like the bronze turkey that fession could no longer be postwith your own eyes just hatched a white turkey. Throw poned. "I have spent my money."

clean and modern how face Claire's operation on "That is. are backs. Heredity. dairy your You I'll expensive, said admit,"was

visit to always welcome Peter, take thirty it didn't "but plant. our /jLFTER dinner Aunt thousand dollars. I know that

picked out the softest Catherine Mother."much, Just Phone

It sighed contentedly. rocker and "I repeat,"continued Gloria, "I

Wasatch 2177 had been a wonderful dinner have to work. Late breakfasts, and

with plenty of hot biscuits and roses and maids and cars and chaufCloVerLeaf'Harriseafr cream."I'm certainly glad those war feursing. don'tOutsidecomeof justthis forbakerythe askand

station, the service are over,"she smiled conrations I don't own MLILK in the world."tentedly. anything

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 315

sixtyfive learn to sing. cannot My her at looked TiHEY a never piano. master Lovelier hands would We Make Loveliness

fallen she in amazement. Had fingers a will paint never hold GO TO inMy unprincipledprey to some is is late. It It the brush. too vestor? Had she kept the money march of life. Better that I give MITCHELL'S

store robbed? in her been and Had to they children those while other BEAUTY SHOPPE it the to given she one of away For still That You Will a Permanent Wave to profit are enough young

relief countless movements? war Like—From gift. They from the

best supplies can reap the Only wave guar Claire,"them, "You tell, I urged benefits was denied."anteed, which and pricesused—Every$3.00includeto shampoo$6.50 and

additional finger it, and shampoo tell Gloria. "Perhaps if you wave—An

$4.00 finger Waves, without with Permanent arguments wave were Their for they see the purpose what may over.

avail. already Gloria made and had Hair Dried Long we did."FINGER WAVING—50c

25c Dried, her Not Dried Short 35c arrangements. "Whittman The diffidentClaire "Well,"began 50c MARCELLINGHair already Fund"Endowment was for Appointment ly, 10316 Call the Was. "in the hills Whittbehind

City, Utah Salt Bldg., Lake Arts plans were Medical The secestablished. there lots of were man ranch to make plan Lake, Salt to come you When drawn. Judge Conrad had made cared tions of land which nobody headquarters. your our place

to homestead, because they couldn't everything legal.

be watered. That was at first, when

land was plentiful. But when the

nicer pieces of land were all taken and people still kept coming there developed "dry farmers."They TEMPLE BRAND

are still there. Their name is

legion. They live there, eking out

a pitiful existence, because they workmanship quality and GARMENTSOf superiorhave no other place to go. Their for manufactured

children are far from good schools. SALT LAKE KNITTINGtheSTORE

sold at prices from us And roads are poor. Their livesThe

remember defying competition.We Pay PostageWhen ordering povertystrickenare cramped, and LADIES FOR FOR MEN

No. No. the world.shut off from They

Flat Winter Heavy Weave Wt. 50% Wool.... 2.95 radios, autos, havedon't nor 1.00 nor 703719 Ribbed Light Light Weight $.1.0085 650610 Ribbed Wt

good foods. Aunty Glory is 760792 FineSilk andQualityWoolCottonand Cotton 1.251.95 602614 ExtraMed. Wt.FineEx.QualityQuality 1.251.35

for a schoolbuilding Silk Cotton 1.95 661 Stripe Med. Wool and Wt. Silk Heavy Wt 1.25 them—right 711 1.75 Cotton.. 749 1.00 663 Fine Quality Unbleached Cotton Heavy Med. hills."there in their own 1.75 762 1.00 Cotton 664 Med. NonRun Wt. Rayon Heavy

1.95 717 1.75 680 Crepe DeChine Unbleached Heavy Rayon Extra won't 'They two have to walk

1.00 85 735 Light Style Only 601 Weight Cotton Ribbed Med. Weight New

slushmiles to school through like 720 85 Quality Light Fine Cotton Rayon 1.49 635 Men's Wt. NonRun

you did, Peter,"interrupted Gloria Garments Marked20% ExtraUponChargeRequest,for 15cSizes; foroverCotton46 Silk, 25c

before the children could protest. Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman, also state if long

"What better use could I make of or short sleeve, Heightshort orandlongWeight.legs areSampleswanted.SentGiveUponaccurateRequest.Bust Measurement,my money than to build a school

the for canwhere books be had SALT STORE KNITTING LAKE 70 So. Main St., Salt KNITTING STORE IN UTAH Lake City, Utah—OLDEST will teachasking; a piano where

dancing and music, where a child can develop his talents, under the guidance of a capable, sympathetic teacher?"She looked about the

little group and Peter made a quickanswer. PRACTICAL,

"That is all very well on paper,

Mother, but the modern teacherwould not go up there and bury DEPENDABLE herself. You can't find a girl nowand Economical Gates, Pipes

adays who would be willing to and Flumes a colossalfollow such task. That

all turnout device gate measuring and A life Teachers have work.means a in one. That's the SLIDE CALCO

become globe trotters."HEADGATE. Used by large irrigation

"I have found my teacher,"districtstheir waterand waterdistributioncompaniesproblems.to simplify

Gloria smiled and all eyes followed hers. She was looking at Claire, drainageOther widelyusedand stockHardestyproductsirrigation,include

blushing prettily. "While the Cast Iron and Sheet Metal Gates, Metal

building is being constructed, she Flumes, Welded Pipe, Watering Troughs will take special training. I will and Corrugated Culverts of standard and

build a little house for her own "Multiplate"Construction.

use, next to the school. I will erect

a little chapel. There will beradio and autos. I even think HARDESTY MANUFACTURING CO.

there should be an airplane! It's Salt Lake City, Utah Boise, Idaho

no use, Florence. A woman of

316 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

P"*<j&'X&r>txrxJ0yt<0Vj00%'1HEY went back to guessfully lonelytwo peoplein a bigcouldhouse."be dreadtheir homes and their work. Florence took her invalid husband TAYLOR AND south; Flora returned to her hos-.LyAY in and day out

pital. Peter had a real position Gloria ran the bakery. Bread and

pies rolls cakes cookand and and in awaiting East, also the the him COMPANY ies. live to Catherine came Aunt "loaned could diamond,"be not y Rings, School makers& of Are at nicer so than was much left long. alone too—it and Nancy allc Pins kinds of Awards. and rustle the Victoria's. loved of She Francis returned and Jonas young quality design, of Refinement the click the the of paper bags and to America. South of march They of unand & workmanship fell the coins as into small they science to Peter on. sent had go

is service equalled aim. our regubox. cash were Customers a radio, latest the It find. could he&? Utah Made by Workmen. still lar. Gloria could work. in stood store the to room, next

162 So. Main St. Phone 5123 the glass show case. Aunt CatherShe had never had a doctor.

Room 206 ine gazed at it in wonderment and She had never lost a tooth. She

given her had programs began When liK&K&K&O&ll&V* delight.

self them Taught the childrenreliance—attaineducation. coming from she hid England

little bell that announced customment through sacrifice. Like all

ers. Florence sent an electric rethings for which we sacrifice, their

frigerator. Gloria sold the old one educations were priceless.

i r with a sigh of regret, rememberShort dresses—short h a Ghieks ing the countless nights she had short marriages. The world was

readjusted from the war. to pan. Flora getting empty the

flight "Dawnto-Dusk"The electric stove. CHICKS sentstoopedan Gloria

Chicks crowded it into the kitchen, befrom New York to San Francisco.

a hours. thirty Less than And six the the tween hole range and All Leading DON'T it. Gloria hoped boy doing Utah it It sink. nice, did not but was Varieties.BLINDFOLDED BUY THEM see the bird could gray his mother bread the brown botenough on it chicks, to see the is so easy when

the eggs, and the flocks from which tom. Also, these modern things winging westward. She thought

they come. were made on too small a scale. of the three months it had taken

Brother, protect that dollar as you It would only hold two pies. her people to trek westward from

never did before Omaha. Claire went in training, gloriWhite Leghorns, now only 10c ously a life happy. Here was flying work LiJNDBERGH

each. for one held whose youth had no to France. It didn't seem possible

BROODERS promise.""I wonder,"she mused that a young man, alone, with a

The worldfamous SolHot. Coal, on a short visit to the two old few sandwiches, could dare to set

Oil, or Electric. ladies, "just what my mother is out over the vast expanse of water.

like. I can dimly remember a book It had taken the old sail boat HenFEEDERS AND WATERERS with a yellow cover and a red ribrietta sixty days to come from

Klondike, "The Pride of All Amerbon around her neck."Africa to New York. Life pushica."Chick, pullet and hen sizes. "I imagine,"smiled Gloria, ing, crowding, demanding. IrreWrite, Wire or Call "that I know where you could get vocable circle.

RAMSHAW HATCHERIES ayousplendidgo to theplaceschool,to ifboardyou takewhena andEverygot hernightkitchenGloriareadymadeforyeastthe

Salt Lake City, Utah fancy not to live alone. I know morning. Every morning she rose

at five rolls her breads to mix and live alone, two people who who TIMPANOGOS cakes. night, just and Every a be glad to take might good lookHATCHERY being young lady to for fore going to bed, Aunt Catherine

Provo, Utah board—just into the bakery padded She room. the company. do you think What

let spoil. puff could not a cream

it Claire?"about Every waking hour Gloria

"I've been thinking of it a lot,"worked. She had always worked.

The Utah High bodyreplied makesClaire. mistakes."I guessI everyguess Shea daughterwould alwaysof Martha.work. She was

School of Beauty mother must be changed a lot. I The End

* Culture HK4SB&* Salt Clift Bldg., Lake 331

a profession that Learn make 4iThe BackTracker- Continuedpage from275 would the independent for you stopped. the rope recognizes and rest of ping on alty which he no doubts

catalog. for life. Write your Presently sheep broke the from that sometime the knew Harvey would

Mail this Coupon huddle and marched straight along come back.

Name the side of the ridge. Paddy had His backtracking training had

Address taken charge of them, and he taught him always to bring the wouldn't leave them again. In his lost bunch into the herd. But now

City on. gone It was board to provide and room We can

its tracks of students out town were snowed—hecaninemustmindstaywaswithbut theonesheepthoughtunmilesthe herdahead;had

til he was relieved. With the loyunder, and to get back to where

The Improvement Era for March, 1932 317

it last seen newouldthe dog had cessitate the taking back bunch in A tip for domestic circle.a half Paddy's wide mind {science teachers capable not of compassingwas

that. left for that All was him which may interest to behind along followthen was

the sheep, fend off the marauders westers* mothers, too of the wild, and see to it that no more splits occurred. Do you teach this shortcut in making chocolate cake? Use ground chocolate and put it

XHIS snow that had into the sifter with the other dry ingredients.

fallen was only a prelude to the If you use Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate, the real storms of winter. Let the West's favorite,use onefourth cup Ghirardelli's

bunch wander aimlessly in the for every square, or ounce, of oldfashion cake hills and they would certainly soon chocolate your recipe may call for.

be snowed into some pocket and starve. But they were not going Many people also prefer to reduce the sugar slightly—about one tableaimlessly. Their big shepherd was spoonful less of sugar for every quartercup of Ghirardelli's you use.

thinking things out for himself;

not with the clear vision of a human, but with a combination of ELLI'SFREEinstinct and memory. GHIRARD "Sweet SixteenWrite fcj

Packet No. a, He knew that in the fall of the CHOCOLATE RecipeD.GhirardelliCo.,

the always Pointyear Harvey had moved St—North

Calif. Francisco, Q''WU4W Sy<'Ge<,r.ar.Jelty"914San valleys. theherd faraway toward 33"

There was a place there at the mouth of a canyon where the herd esssi rested. There dry, green grass,

liked to chewwhich Paddy himself There are many who suffer loss occasionally, to out was thrown them by Harvey and another man. Be prudent

All that Paddy had to do was march importantly in front of the Avert it by camp team and bark the crowdingewes back so they wouldn't get run INSURANCE over while the feeding was being done. This organization writes insurance always of the highest quality.

It was time, he knew, for the to there.sheep be back Harvey

there now, Harvey UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. and ifmust be

wouldn't come back to him, then HEBER J. GRANT CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

he must go on to Harvey.

Ill Day followed weary day. He IMJ I I IIH II IInliUU-L-timiJI mmb——umMXJU—

knew nothing of trails, but he did know unerringly that the sheep setbe kept into themust moving sun.ting the AN EASTER PROGRAM OF PICTURES to clung grimly He

heels of his little herd. He didn't "The Seven Last Words"and "The First Easter"—Two lectures in one, made

hurry the sheep. He let them graze up almost entirely of famous paintings. Complete with a list of the pictures and

slides, graphically. beautiful masters. telling 48 Easter story 35 mm. On he the they would.when At night

slides, film yvhite, of black $3.50. Cross "In the and hymns: FREE—Illustratedtherested sheltered with them in some Christ (standard I Glory""Jesus, Cross.""metalmat"the Also and on Near Keep Me

cove. But always he kept them size) glass slides, black and white, ($5.50. FREE—4 hymn slides (two hymns):

full colors, $15. set in the Glass Lord Arose."is Risen"and "Christmoving

for pictures, Bible community to the west—toward the "Christ,Write complete of lectures, and catalog hymnranch.

song slides.

P. S. IT was the long nights The New N.

which were most terrible. At first STEREOPTICON

Paddy gave voice to the wretchedness and loneliness of his existence, or.""AT LAST—theA combinationfaultlessglass andprojectfilm

but he quickly found that it drew lantern of the very finest, at a senhis enemies, the covotes. They Writesational forlow price.descriptiveCash literature.or terms.

seemed to know his weakness. Let us tell you all about "THE

Night after night they came. He BIBLEentire INstoryPICTURES,"in 2500 tellingwonderfulthe

could hear them giving their short, views.

querulous killing crv, a sort of

Tow! Yow! Yow!"Each note NATIONAL PICTURES SERVICE

a little lower than the last. 324 East 3d St. Cincinnati, Ohio

Then out from under a bush 318 The Improvement Era for March, 1932

would charge the big mongrel; toward the familiar ranch at the

a of canyon. hoarse growls teeth bared and mouth Decorations, Balloons,

all the while the big dog he his chest. rumbling Often from And

Novelties came so close to his slippery torgrew weaker and more gaunt. Dry

for St. Patrick's Day mentors that he could almost reach grass grew around the brush roots

and all Ward Festivals them with his fangs. But they above the light, crusted snow

reach, the sheep could and foe to which Japanese Favors, His pretend dodged. Streamers, would Crepe paper,

NoiseHats, all kinds of Paper to be at always It some brush there was snap him, well would

| Serpentine Goods, Carnival i makers,Lanterns, and fight.

; etc. nothing Confetti, but reach, browsed, there was leap back. then and 'beyond

organizations. to Special church for are far as Paddy. being cowCoyotes from Wholesale j Prompt Prices, f the big longer, was however, the claimed. for Catalog. ardly as Complete SendService—Lowestterms Perhaps No

I filled furnished can be Balloons with gas instinct his charges driving by dog's dog the hampering rope about details, to for Patrons. Salt Lake Phone j distance could alone. In the he the of neck still reminded them

U. S. NOVELTY CO. dog's protector, man. But chiefly see the familiar blue hills back of

> Fifth East Hyland 813 = their maneuvers had a sinister, the home ranch. But alas for Salt Lake City, Utah

(Locally owned and operated) tricky purpose. Paddy! He had traveled by no

While one of them tried to toll trail, and at ten o'clock one mornthe big dog away from his charges ing the little band came squarely another would slip in to make the upon the sheer bank of a roaring for REAL. ceed,kill. andOnlythenonceit wasdid athegodsendtrick sucto river.The sheep couldn't have crossed

if they would. stream the They hurricane he hurled Paddy. Like a

- too, in their bovine way, now the the EQONOMY** killer, drove himself upon shellay of that sensed ahead them filled his beast snarling and away turned they ter food. only Yet and stomach. been only had That PAINT YOUR own

back at their escort and looked of days after the beginning few HOME! a with dumb inquiry. exile. his Thereafter he got no

have would human beflanks gaunt, his hip bones and A ten for the river turned back up far too with gan to much stick up BENNETTS food. His hair grew rough, his

prominence. miles to a narrow sheep bridge.

At any time he could have But Paddy was only a dog, and his devotion traits were loyalty and the his fangs in powerful rofjprW fastened rather power. than reasoning By food. throat of and secured a ewe

He knew his power, but he knew himself he would have swum the

Insurance, that it was taboo for dogs to kill river or else gone back up the sheep. He could have been dying stream, but the sheep had naturally

in his tracks and the ewes would turned downstream. Poor Paddy

Paint Products have been safe from him. was bewildered. There might be

a crossing below, but he was unPure Paint—Gloss Interior able to make the decision to turn Finish—Quick Enamel OOON he was ignoring his charges back the other way. He

Protect all surfaces against the impudent challenge of the coyagain fell in behind the bunch.

the ravages of time otes except when they actually apHe was now so weak that he proached the herd. Then he was dreaded the task of moving from

BENNETT GLASS & upon them with cold ferocity. flank to flank of his little band to

line. The rope PAINT COMPANY Once one of them, becoming too keep the stragglers in

6165 W. First South bold, failed to dodge in time. The he was dragging had long since

Dealers Throughout Utah, Southteeth of the big dog clamped down frayed out until it was intact only ern Idaho and Neighboring States upon a foreleg and there was a where it touched his neck. A few

crunching sound of shattered bones strands three or four feet long still as the coyote tipped over. The dragged beneath his feet. But still

stiffly side to side he from moved Padsqualled agony. with animal BE INDEPENDENT the herd, nipping of his small grip drove his loose and turned dy Vocation Other So Profitable! No stranglers always keeping and them that but missed the throat. for He ENROLL NOW together. a minute For ripped an ear. he at the Course a Complete For

It big to snow; had begun foe, crippled his he roughed more

a fell flakes with which downy broke the coyote away then and of CultureQuish School Beauty as as a soft whisper. baby's sound the fled yelling with brush to and in the The Best West stop, ewes but to some wanted The tail its tucked between bushy long 304-9 Bldg. Ezra Thompson trait inherited his shepherd from

its legs. CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH that ancestors they the warned dog

after that nearly a week For Further For Information be kept the must it was moving. And

Call and Catalog coybothered big wasn't by dog let true. stopped Once they and

or 7560 Wasatch little otes. had sheep band The pile the to snow them up around Fill in This

Coupon long been out of the mountains. the depths of a foot or more they

They were moving across the gray, would never move again.

barren foothills from which the Back and forth the big dog last herd had departed long since. paced. Again and again he pinchAnd always they moved steadily (Continued on page 320)

Breech Clouts and HOARDED MONEY go hand in hand

Consider the scantily clad Hindu... symbolic figure of a vastly

populous nation—a backward, primitive people who enjoy few of

the necessities and luxuries required by our modern standard of living. Yet they dwell in a country of boundless natural resources,

immeasurable (potential wealth. And they have money, coin of

the realm, enough, in fact, to make them one of the richest countries on earth. But they use their money either for ornaments, or they

hide it away. The result: a nation of hoarders, a nation of poor.

Consider America: Her savings banks are bulging with money;

strong boxes are full to the brim. Never in the history of the

United States have there been so many billions removed from circulation, so much wealth hoarded. The result is a deadening of trade,

stalling of factories, reduced transportation—curtailment everywhere. The unemployment of millions of people—who cannot buy

—completes the vicious circle.

The moral is obvious: Those who have money and can spend, SHOULD spend.

Not foolishly, of course—but wisely and ito their own advantage. The National

Publishers'Association says: THE DOLLAR YOU SPEND NOW IS WORTH

$1.50! THE DOLLAR YOU SAVE NOW IS WORTH ONLY 75c. The comparison is

based on the purchasing value and the investment value of the dollar in 1929.

Brush the cobwebs off your money!

Let advertising be the guide to all your purchases.

salt lake Advertising club MEETS THURSDAY NOON AT CHAMBER OF COMMERCE

ADVERTISING BUILDS BUSINESS AND PROTECTS THE CONSUMER 35896

320 The Improvement Era for March, 1932 ed a straggler above the hock, and dy's eye by an inch and left a red saved my poor little kid brother.

for the first time in days he barked. trail down the dog's cheek. The He didn't die, Paddy, an'now I

The little band plodded blindly wolf jerked loose and both animals can send him East for that operathrough the snow. sprang to their feet. The wolf tion.

circled warily, and Paddy instincPaddy wriggled farther into the

Suddenly Paddy tively changed his fighting tactics master's arms, and his tongue scented danger. His ruff stood to match those of his far more caressed the man's tearstained

erect, and uneasy sounds issued powerful foe. He turned only cheeks.

from his throat. For the first time enough to keep his head turned al- "You poor wrack o'bones,"

since he had been fired at by the ways toward his foe; his body Harvey murmured. And again the

new herder he felt real fear. It sideways. bitter hate which had been in his

was a familiar scent he had caught, In leaped the wolf like a flash heart when he learned from Joe and yet alien. He sought to make of grayish light. Paddy moved, Clement how the man Boggs had

out his enemy, but the snowfilled but not quite fast enough. The driven Paddy from the camp by

air was like a curtain. terrible fangs ripped the flesh of his his brutality almost mastered him.

Then, before he could avert it, shoulders to the bone, but he turnWith difficulty then he had conthe whole bunch of sheep turned ed with a defiant snarl. Again the quered the impulse to smash his fist

back and swarmed madly past him. marauder circled. into the man's face. He had let

Right at the heels of the last one Next time when the wolf sprang him go however, and set out upon came a timber wolf with widePaddy eluded the flashing fangs. the almost hopeless quest for the

open, grinning jaws. Then he ducked for his enemy's lost band of sheep.

No trifling foe this like a sneakfore-leg and missed. The wolf

ing coyote. The wolf knew that bounded backward; then with a r OR three days he had

the dog was there, but he had snarl again sprang in to attack. searched, and then given it up as

rushed in to make his kill regardFang clashed against fang and eye hopeless. That afternoon he had

less. glared into eye. They rose to their found himself close to the river on

Not for a moment did Paddy hind feet, wrestled a moment, and a tired horse, and he had decided hesitate. With bared fangs be then Paddy was hurled backward to go downstream to an isolated

leaped between the threatened ewe by superior strength. The wolf ranch that was much closer than

and its pursuer. He had one made a grab for the death hold at his own place. Thus, by what had

glimpse of the gleaming green eyes the throat, and his fangs encounseemed to be pure accident, he had of the monster, and then he was tered the stiff rope around his vicstumbled upon the tracks of the bowled over by the superior weight tim's neck. sheep. For had they gone the other

of his antagonist. But even as he The game dog struggled desway he would surely have missed

fell he saw a huge hind leg withperately without a whine, but he them.

in reach of his jaws, and grabbed it. grew weaker and weaker. The rope Then Harvey Hansen began to

alone prevented his adversary from think, and his rage faded. He re-

J.HE wolf sat down tearing out his throat, but he was called the words of his widowed

abruptly and whirled with a snarl. slowly but surely being strangled. mother when he had started the

His murderous fangs missed PadHe had given his best. His gaspsearch.

ing attempts to breathe became "You'll find the sheep, Harvey.

weaker and weaker. I know you will. Ira couldn't

Index to Advertisers And then suddenly a loud rehave survived this sickness just to rest of his Page cripple a helpless the Company ears. his port beat dimly upon The be

Beneficial Ins. Life Co..-Back Cover said. life,"she had slackened. at his neck grim jaws %$ Bennett Glass Paint 318 Co of right. hand She was The beside him, over toppled wolf The Beesley Music 314 Co

Clover Leaf -Harris Dairy 314 and the blessed cold air rushed destiny had surely guided Paddy,

Deseret Book Company 3 1 back into his tortured lungs. His and it had guided him to the dog's

Deseret News Press it rescue needso sorely was when horribly now, foe was gasping Inside Front Cover late It for anger, not a time was into ed. fetid breath its hot, came and First Security Corp

Inside Back Cover the dog's face, but Paddy was unbut for thankfulness.

Ghirardelli, D. Co 317 able to move. Tenderly the man lifted the in317 Grant, Heber in front J. W Co into the saddle dog his jured later opened Paddy A minute Manufacturing 315 Hardesty Co started the sheep of him, and band eyes, stub of a tail thumped and his 310 Fuel Knight Company

L. D. S. Business College 311 upon the bloodsmeared snow. A on down the river. There was

McCune School of Music and beloved voice was frantically calltime to get them there before dark, 1 3 still Art time have back to come ing his name. Harvey had come and

1 3 Mitchell's Beauty Shoppe get pelt. the next and wolf The back! Building National 6 Loan the get to arrange day he would 1 3 Association National Picture Service 317 Unashamed tears sheep home.

Ramshaw Hatcheries 3 1 6 coursed down the herder's cheeks "If ever I leave you behind

CulSchool of Beauty Quish his he gathered the dog into again, Paddy, I'm I'll know who 1 as 3 ture 'em, leavin'arms. you with,"prom- "You backtracked the man 3 1 Advertising Salt Club Lake

Salt Lake Knitting Co 315 pardner, an'you stuck with 'em ised soberly.

Taylor, Jos. Wm, Inc 314 through thick an'thin,"he marPaddy wriggled weakly but

Taylor & Company 3 1 6 veled. "And I almost missed vou. happily. Unlike humans he never

S. Novelty Co U. 218 You've saved the sheep, old boy, worried over the hardships of yesof Beauty High School Utah

Culture 3 1 and far more than that. I reckon terday. He was supremely content.

you don't know it, but you've The End

HERE'S TO OUR FUTURE!

year enthusiasm and couples thousands with the confidence start out of youngEACH tor failure will success to world. be determined Their ultimate conquer the of youth

by their willingness and ability to work harmoniously together and SAVE.

A First Security Savings Account is a substantial, reliable addition to any marital partnership.home—education—travel—businessWith the magic aid of compoundopportunities—independenceinterest it can turn into realitiesin laterthe years.dreams of a

Consult the Savings Officer at any one of the following reliable banks:

SECURITY NATIONAL BANK FIRST NATIONAL BANK

Salt Lake City Ogden THATCHER BROS. BANKING CO. ANDERSON BROS. BANK

Logan Idaho Falls, Idaho FIRST SECURITY BANKS Utah Provo, Bingham, Garfield, Magna, Richmond

Idaho Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Mountain Home, Gooding, Rupert,

Jerome, Shoshone, Hailey, Blackfoot, Ashton, Payette,

Montpelier, Preston, Emmett Wyoming Rock Springs, South Superior mranoit Largest Ititermountain Banking Organization

ALWAYS DEMAND THE BEST TO ELIMINATE FUTURE REGRETS

m INSIST ON BENEFICIAL INSURANCE

AND GET THAT SATISFACTION OF

KNOWING YOU HAVE RECEIVED THE UTMOST

IN QUALITY AND IN PRICE.

BETTER POLICY FEATURES—JUST AND PROMPT

SETTLEMENTS.

Thedealing—hasBeneficial alwayshas angivenenviablepolicyholdersreputationfirstfor confair

Ml sideration, extending to old policyholders, whenever possible, new insurance features as they have been adopted.

CONSERVATIVE MANAGEMENT—Alert to give

policyholders the very best there is in life insurance maximum values as well as increased dividends from year to year.

PAID POLICYHOLDERS SINCE ORGANIZATION

OVER SEVEN AND ONEHALF MILLIONS

THERE ARE MANY TODAY HOLDING

SECURITIES THAT ARE QUESTIONABLE.

LIFE INSURANCE VALUES ARE DEFINITE—POSITIVE—SAFE—SOUND

THESE VALUES ARE THERE FOR YOU WHEN YOU WANT THEM

THE MEN WHO ARE DIRECTING THE AFFAIRS OF THEYOU KNOW (7he BIG HOME COMPANY

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO

DIRECTORS HOME OFFICE: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH DIRECTORS

HEBER A. W. IVINS.J. GRANT,1st VicePresidentPresident E. T. RALPHS JA.GEO.B. J.C. CANNON,OHLSON, 2NDSECRETARYVICE PRESIDENT

CaoaMO*1 JOS. F. SMITH General, Manager B.DAVIDF. GRANTO. MCKAY

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY