#j(p

H I

The Improvement Era December 19 6A

JpjSKt

- -Going to BYU Is Something Special

And Special Things Are Worth Working For

Brigham Young University, with a current enrollYOU SHOULD KNOW that every prospective stument of 17,631 students, is the largest university in dent must include with his application for admission the Intermountain area and one of the top church- a transcript of credits and results of the American related universities in the United States. To meet its College Tests (ACT). The ACT is administered five times

heavy demands BYU has constructed additional housduring the school year—November, February, April,

ing, expanded its beautiful campus and appointed June and August at centers throughout the United more faculty. States. Check with your high school office or college

To properly handle such a vast operation the in your area for times and places.

University must constantly refine and uphold policies. DATES YOU SHOULD KNOW - For ACT examiAcademic standards are constantly being upgraded, nation on Feb. 20, 1965, registration period is Nov.

early application for entrance is necessary for proper 9, 1964, to Jan. 23, 1965. For test on April 24, regisadvisement and processing of students, and the Unitration period is Feb. 22 to April 3. For test on June

versity insists on maintenance of ideals and standards 19, registration period is April 26 to June 5.

in harmony with the Church. Study at BYU is not easy, THINGS YOU CAN DO NOW - (1) Keep up your

but the high standards pay off in the long run. grades. (2) Register for and the take ACT examination.

CUP AND MA]L REMEMBER ALSO—Application deadline for spring

semester is January 15, 1965. The semester begins

TO: Feb. 1.

University Relations Division Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Please send me more information about BYU. I am especially interested in

Brigham Young

NAME

ADDRESS UNIVERSITY

CITY STATE.. PROVOUTAH

These men of integrity Exploring invite you to entrust the Universe your banking needs

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

to their care...

THE

SEA LEVEL RISES DIRECTORS The sea level has risen slowly during OF ZIONS the past 6,000 years a total of about twenty feet, according to Francis P. FIRST kiM ttfc4Vk JtM S. JUDSON ROY W. 0RVAL LEE of the University of CaliNATIONALShepard Vice Chairman of theSAYER Board; ofW.ADAMSthe Board and ofB.the SIMMONSZions First Vice ERICPresidentC. HAROLDChairman Vice

Retired. Bank. President.National President Council Zions Firsl Twelve, Member.

thefornia at Lajolla. FormerDivision. BANK: ChairmanformerNational ChairmanBoard:Borg of AABERGand GeneralSlatesCo. ofChrist Bank. TelephoneManager, Mountain& Telegraph Church ofWarner NorgeCorporation. Saints.Jesus Latter dayof

E. JOSEPH B. ASHBY HUGH BROWN

JR, A. President.GUS P. ProBACKMANUtah, Inc. Regional of Manager,J, BADGERAmerican HAROLDPresident, ZCMIH. BENNETTDepartment Member ManagingBERN0LF0, FRED Partner,A.Co. CARLESONFred Firstof iCarlesonSenior Oil Company InvestmentDirector, Churchofthe LatterbergerExploration Company. Saints.Christ Bamand JesusdayPresidency,

IODINE ABSORBED

that indicates bothEvidence now D. CHARLES J. P. EASTMAN DONALD EDWARDE. 0.0.MuirMUIRCom- A. MADSENFurniture President, Madsen WALKER LibertyKENNEDYFuel HATCHand President, considerplants absorbanimals and ProductsUtahCorporation.Sand GravelPresident. PresidentLLOYDAsCompany.FRANCIS Company. MICHAELSONPresident andsociatedExecutive ViceKennecolt GeneralFoodViceManager, Stores. Copperol CorporaMining, pany.President, of iodine theable from amounts

atmosphere. The iodine content of

Spanish moss, an air plant which has been studied by Hans T. Shacklette

of the US Geological Survey, is evidence for this process. The iodine

content varies with the environment, characteristic species havebut

R. W. JOSEPH VIRGIL FIELDING S. STAPLEY HENRY WILLARD MULOCK RICHARDSGraniteGra CouncilL. ViceSMITHPresiFormer FormerormerFRED trees SMITH the decidious iodineranges. In FurnitureManager,Manager, Company Co.Beneficial Bank President.Insurance Smelting,President,President, RefiningUnitedUnited ActingActing Council of ofSaints.Jesusthe H. SMITHLife DELBERTMember.Twelve,Christ of ChurchLatter day TrustionsExecutiveCompany.Savings and Company Mining parts per Statesand 2.7 rangescontent from uiof Church of Saints.odiiiis.ofJesusthe dent, LatterdayLdiiei-udy Twelve.PresidentChristuiiim

million dry weight to 1435 per million in brown algae. They invite you to open a checking account, savings

account, apply for a loan in person or by mail.

HELIUMOXYGEN TESTS ON MICE Albino mice breathing heliumoxy- fmf&sgen mixtures remained in good ZIONS condition for periods of 1 to 13 hours at pressureequivalent depths up to3,000 feet of sea water (90 atmosFIRST NATIONAL pheres). They were decompressed

to normal atmospheric pressure in tofc—1873less than 5 hours without any adBANKFOUNDED BY BRIGHAM YOUNG

verse effects because of the high 102 - 70 South East Temple Banks 235 South South Main Mainpressure.

West 8th 7th East 4th South Cottonwood Mall 2nd & West & 21st450 SouthSouth

Kearns Taylorsville member federal deposit insurance corporation

DECEMBER 1964 1017 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for December 1964 Volume 67, Number 12

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Art Direction: Ralph Reynolds

The Editor's Page: The Reality of Christ, President David O. McKay... 1028 10261017 Art:Art: EdEd MaryonMaryon

General Conference Addresses 10401104 1030311028 Photo:Art:RalphEd ClarkMaryon

Peace Built upon the Solid Foundation of Eternal Principles, 1032,1030311034Photos:Photos:RuthFrorriWidmarTHE TREAPresident David O. McKay.1041 SUREby JohnOFMarcoTHE COPPERAllegro. CopyrightSCROLL

More than a Philosophy, President Hugh B. Broivn...1042 and 1960Davidby NoelJohn Freedman.Marco AllegroReprinted by permission of DoubleTestimonies to the Divinity of Jesus Christ, President N. Eldon Tanner... 1044 dayMarco& Allegro.Company, Inc., and John

Gratitude for the Restoration of the Truth, 10351033 Photo:Photo: UnderwoodCourtesy Theand OrientalUnderwoodInPresident Joseph Fielding Smith 1047 Photo:stitute, UnknownThe University of Chicago

1036 Photo: Ernst Wittke

General Conference Index, 1022; The Church Moves On, 1022; Melchizedek Priesthood: 1040103839Photo:Photo:LorinRuthWigginsWidmar

Family Night Programs, 1116; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 1118. 1119 Photo: Boyart

1121 Photo: Lorin Wiggins

1125 Art: Phyllis Luch

113031 Art: Dale Kilbourn

Special Features 11331134 Art:Art: JerryTed NagataThompson

1135 Art: Virginia Sargent

Since Cumorah, New Voices from the Dust, Part 1 (cont. ), Hugh Nibley 1032 1138391136 Art:Art:VirginiaDale KilbournSargent

114041 Art: Virginia Sargent

Teaching: The Art of Lecturing Effectively, Part 2, Charles R. Hobbs 1036 1144 Art: Ed Maryon

Genealogy: The Microfilming Program of the Church 1038 AllRalphotherReynoldsart andStudiophotos:

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 1106, 1108, 1110

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 1017; Letters and Reports, 1025; These Times:

The Forgotten Gospel, G. Homer Durham, 1026.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Christmas Is for Grownups...1120

Inexpensive Toys Children Will Love, Leigh Hayden 1125

The Era of Youth: Christmas * 1129

The Last Word 1145

Stories, PoetryEight Pounds of Love, Donald Coburn 1030

Poetry 1108, 1114, 1115, 1126, 1128

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Editor; Editor; Associate Albert Managing Managing Green, Richard L. and O. DoyleDavid Marba McKay

Associates; Editor; Editorial Today's Fillmore, FamilyResearch FlorenceC. Josephson, Becki MarionL. Zobell,D. Hanks,Jr., THE cover Direction: Studio. Editor; Associate Art Editor; Youth RalphB.ReynoldsPinnock, Era Hiccins,The Era Editor;YouthCarterThe E.ElaineGrant,L. Evans,Cannon,DonnaEditors; of of

S.G. Harris, Franklin Durham, Homer

G. General Smith, Manager; Carlos Jr.,FlorenceHugh S.Nlbley,Jacobsen,SidneyAssociateB. Sperry,GeneralAlmaManager;A. Gardiner,Verl ContributingF. Scott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription ToChristmasabout halfseasonthemeansworld Director.Director; Advertising Evans,Jr., Thayer

glistening snow and cold.

Saints. All rights Latterday of of of Associations Christ Inc., theCopyright 1964 of Funds, Mutual Church published Improvement part The and another the Mutual by by To

to year, a the $2.50 year price, succeedingJesusreserved. in Subscription added $8.25; $5.75; year, each subscriptions, a 2 years, 3 years, $3.00 multiple advance; of that seasons season world

three year price. is different. quite Photographer

for in section act rate special provided of 1103, at for Office, at mailing postage SaltEntered matter. Post the as secondclass City, Acceptance Utah Lake the silhouetted has caught Hal Rumelof authorized 2, October 1918. 1917, July sunset. in a coconut Hawaiian palms at of rate the 2c for paid acceptance contributions. is not are for Manuscripts Era on unsolicited responsible Improvement manuscriptsThe welcomes but

a sufficient return. delivery be and postage word for must accompanied by and

LithographedThirty for days'notice required of address. a ordering change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Cover change When

changes cannot unless the old as address by Deseret one is well as be included. the News Pressin full color madeis new

1018 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Especially at Christmas... aWorld Bible

Most meaningful gift of all... the Holy Bible,

beautifully printed, colorfully illustrated, handsomely bound by World. Clear, selfpronouncing type... fine, white IndoText

Indiapaper. King James Version.

A.—FOR STUDENTS. Excellent study

Bibles. Concordance, Readers'Aids, fullcolor

illustrations and maps. Presentation Page,

Family Register. Words of Christ in red.

Black imitation leather, semioverlapping covers. No. 230C, $3.50

Black imitation leather, zipper.

Same, in white. No. 236CZ, $4.50

Black genuine leather, semioverlapping covers, gold edges. No. 232C, $7.00

Same, in red. No. 238C, $7.25

B.—FOR YOUNG FOLKS. Valuable keepsakes, with fullcolor illustrations, selfpro-

nouncing type, Presentation Page. Family

Register in all except Rainbow. Words of

Christ in red except Rainbow.

Children's Rainbow Bible, fullcolor cloth covers. No. 603, $2.75

White imitation leather, semioverlapping covers. No. 676, $3.25

White imitation leather, zipper.

Same, in black. No. 656Z, $4.00

C—FOR PERSONAL USE. Beautiful, slim

Heritage Bibles with Concordance, center column references, Readers'Aids, maps in color.

Presentation Page, Family Register. Printed on

ultrathin IndoText Imperial. Words of Christ

in red. Semioverlapping covers.

Black genuine morocco, gold edges.

Same, in red. No. 859C, $10.95

Black genuine leather, gold edges (color illustrations). No. 85 1C, $7.95

D.—FOR ALL WHO PREFER LARGE

PRINT, Heritage Large Print Bibles. Concordance, center column references, Readers'

Aids, fullcolor illustrations, color maps.

Presentation Page, Family Register. Words of

Christ in red.

Black genuine leather, semioverlapping covers, gold edges. No. 956C, $12.75

Black handgrained morocco, semioverlapping covers, gold edges.

Black imitation leather, limp binding.

THE WORLD PUBLISHING COMPANY

Cleveland, Ohio 44102 C. 857C Bible Publishers to America

DECEMBER 1964 1019 "*a5 Gifts that bring 3&

Holij Scriptures

OF THE ii// CHURCHCHURCH OFOFy JESISJS CHRIST

OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

! AN APPROACH TO 2. N EW THE BOOK OF MORMON, Enlarged

Edition, by Dr. Hugh Nibley

Terms Arranged. The nationally recognized Mormon scholar, Dr.

Hugh Nibley, provides students of the Book of

Mormon with a commentary on the Book of MorALL OF THE LATTERDAY SAINT SCRIPmon that everyone will want to read! The author's

TURES IN LARGE, EASYTO-READ TYPE keen wit, deep sense of humor, and profound

H The King James Version of the Holy Bible The Book knowledge make for fascinating reading. New light

of Mormon H The Doctrine and Covenants The Pearl of is shed on many facets of Book of Mormon history

Great Price I The New, Revised Combination Reference to the delight of those who enjoy their inspiration by Eldin Ricks.

WITH ALL OF THESE SPECIAL FEATURES: being scientifically authenticated. $3.50

M Complete thumb indexing for easier location of scripture!

H A family genealogical section for those important family records! H Top grain cowhide binding... beautifully em- 3. NEW! THE APOSTLES AND

bossed with a color picture of the Angel Moroni on THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH the cover! H A presentation page for inscribing the book by Franklin L. West

to a loved one, a family, or a very special friend! The author of Discovering the New Testament and

PLUS A NEW WORLD OF COLOR Jesus,of the HisancientLifeChurchand Teachingin his newpreservesbook Thethe Apostleswonder

ILLUSTRATIONS: and the Primitive Church. Beautiful color plates of B Seventytwo full color illustrations! Art masterpieces Peter, James, John and Paul add to the book's

of Rembrandt, Rubens, Sir Joshua Reynolds and othersH beauty. The author was Dean of the faculty and

Arnold Friberg's Book of Mormon paintings! Portraits of professor of physics at Utah State University for 28

all of the Presidents of the Church! Mural scenes from years and Commissioner of Education for the LDS

the Los Angeles Temple! I Color pictures of all of the Church for 18 years.

LDS Temple exteriors!

$2.95 Here is the most beautiful and meaningful Christmas gift available... an inspirational guide that may be shared with

family and friends for years and years to come! agM***'***'"***

. the Joy of Christmas?

LITTLE BOOKS OF INSPIRATION

Something New for Genealogists!

4. BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE BINDER

by L. Devon Mecham

Specially designed for beginners, young and old!

Separate binders for males and females. Gold 5. MASTER OF CEREMONIES by Les Goates

for males, blue for females! Includes all Full of delightful, welldirected quips, jokes, and stories! Many little

ordinance sheets for both males and females. Birth, gems that will make the job of master of ceremonies a pleasure and

blessing, baptism, marriage, etc! H Male binders inchallenge!for over fortyfourThe authoryears.has been a feature writer for the Deseret News

clude sheets for priesthood lineage! H Both binders $1.50

include sheets that take the genealogist from the cradle 6. THE GIFTS OF CHRISTMAS by John J. Stewart

to temple marriage! A "Howto"chart is included. Here is the truly moving story of the choicest gifts of Christmas, including the Gift of God, the Gift of lesus of Nazareth, the Gift of the

$2.00 each Virgin Mary, and the Gift of John the Baptist and others. Here is the

real meaning of Christmas.

$1.00 7. MARY'S TRADITIONAL CHRISTMAS

by Mary Pratt Parish

story in illustrated a delightfully little booklet. Read how A short

daughter, a pioneer brought into Give A Christmas Gift in Sound Mary, of Christmas the real meaning a lovefilled LDS home.

75 cents 8. THE TESTIMONY OF MARY

by S. Dilworth Young

James, the son of Joseph and Mary, tells his account of his Mother's testimony of her divine son's birth. Here is an unusual story by a

member of the First Council of the Seventy. Ideal for Christmas!

25 cents 9. THE JOY OF CHRISTMAS

This Tabernacle Choir record will provide every listener the thrill of the true Christmas spirit! All of those DeseretCOMPANY Book

thrilling Christmas carols are there! The New York 44 EAST SO. TEMPLESALTANDLAKEAT CITYCOTTONWOOD MALL

Philharmonic and the Choir are conducted by Leonard 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN

Bernstein. 777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Hi Fi $4.98

Stereo $5.98 Deseret Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Add 15 cents postage Enclosed please find money order fj check Q I have an account, please charge [j

Amount $ for the above numbered items

Name...

State Zip.

Residents of Utah please add 3V&% sales tax.

SPEAKERS

Benson, Ezra Taft 1067 Brockbank, Bernard P 1050 Brown, Hugh B 1042, 1085 Brown, Victor L. 1075

Burton, Theodore M 1058 Christiansen EIRay L 1097Dunn, Paul H 1051 The Church

Dyer, Alvin B. 1098

Evans, Richard L 1100 1090Hanks, Marion D Moves B. 1091Hinckley, Gordon

Hunter, Howard W. 1086

Isaacson, Thorpe B 1065 1054Kimball, Spencer 1104 On W 1077,Lee, Harold B

Longden, John 1095 McConkie, Bruce R 1060 McKay, David O.* 1041, 1081

Monson, Thomas S. 1052

Packer, Boyd K 1096 1093Petersen, Mark E 1076 OCTOBER 1964 FranklinRichards, D.

Richards, LeGrand 1071 1063 MarionRomney, of congeneral conference semiannual the Church The 134th 1088Sill, Sterling in the PresidentSimpson, Salt Lake Tabernacle. 1082 vened David RobertW GL O. McKay,

Smith, Eldred G 1049 1047 recovering from a recent heart ailment, did not come to the TaberFieldingSmith, Joseph 1074Sonne, Alma 1069 nacle but directed the proceedings from his apartment. Some 166Stapley, Delbert L

Tanner, N. Eldon 1044, 1084 television stations and 30 radio stations carried portions of the threeTuttle, A. Theodore

Vandenberg, John H 10571061 day conference.

Young, S. Dilworth 1073 There were no conferencerelated meetings scheduled this eveSUBJECTS ning, and many conference visitors attended the opening football

Aaronic Priesthood 1075 game in the new stadium of Brigham Young University, which was

America 1065 officially used for the first time.

Apostasy 1042 Athletics 1075 1041Atheism 1093 An early morning church welfare meeting in the AssemblyBible 1074,

Book of Mormon 1084 Hall on Temple Square began this day's general conference 1065Communism 1086 activities.Conversion 1057,

Correlation program 1077 General sessions were held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

1061Counsel Covenants 1069 General priesthood meeting convened in the Tabernacle this

Diligence 1076 evening. Men and boys, all holders of the priesthood, were in theEducation, false 1067

1081Example Tabernacle, in adjacent buildings on Temple Square, and listening 1097Faith 1071, Family 1057, 1084, 1100 by direct wire in 391 other church centers in the United States and 1067Flattery 1065 Canada. In all, some seventy thousand thus attended the priesthoodFreedom

God 1063 meeting.

1047Gospel 1065 The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder CecilGovernment

HappinessHome 1084, 11001051 E. Hart as president of the French Mission, succeeding President

Home evenings 1077, 1104 Rulon T. Hinckley. Until last Sunday President Hart presided in the

1077 teachingHome 1060 South Idaho Falls (Idaho) Stake. He is also a member of the 1044,Jesus Christ

1049Knowledge priesthood home teaching committee. President Hart filled a mission

1074Lincoln Morality 1065, 1067, 1081, 1091 to France between 192730. Accompanying him on this mission call

Obedience 1061 will be his wife Vera. The Harts have three inarried children.Olympic games 1075

1076Order six Relief general Society of the received board The new memParents it is 1100 bers, are Mrs. announced. Edythe Kimball Mrs. They Watson, 1086Paul

1041Peace Priesthood 1081 Ellen N. Barnes, Mrs. Kathryn Smith Gilbert, Mrs. Verda Fox Burton,

Prophets 1060 Mrs. Myrtle Robison Olson, and Mrs. Alice Colton Smith. Mrs.

1051Religion 1088 Barnes is from Washington (DC) Stake and Mrs. Smith is fromRepentance

Restoration 1047 1098 Logan, Utah; the others live in the Salt Lake City area.Revelation

Salvation for the dead 1058 This was an evening for renewing and warming acquaintances

Scripture 1093 1085 at many semiannual missionary reunions.Sermon on the Mount

Seventies 1073 Teaching 1082 Ten Commandments 1085 "America Needs You"was the title of the sermon given by

Testimony 1049, 1063, 1096 Trust 1097 Elder Thomas S. Monson of the Council of the Twelve on the

Truth 1052, 1081 Church of the Air program of the Columbia Broadcasting System's

Values 1051 radio network.Word of Wisdom 1071

1077 1050, FairWorld's 1091 With the concluding session of the general conference this after1090, 1051, 1075, 1082,Youth noon, the spiritual feast that is always given to the Saints at this "President messages McKay's read by sons time was over for another six months. Robert McKay. David Lawrence B and

William Elders Taylor and Henry D.NOTE: of theJ. President Marion D. Hanks of the First Council of the Seventy to Assistants Jr., theCritchlow. Council

Twelve, and Presidents Antoine R. Ivins and was among the speakers at the conference of the Deseret Sunday

First Council of theMilton R. Hunter of the School Union in the Tabernacle this evening. The meeting's theme didSeventy Elder not speak. S. Monson Thomas

at the of spoke of the Council the Twelve conwas "We'll Keep a Welcome."

radio the nationwideference addressed and also audience of the Columbia Broadcasting System's on conference SundayChurch of the Air morning. The Oakland Temple opened for its season of prededication Priesthood,Representatives from the Aaronic

Scott Peterson, spoke andGrant Pace at the guided tour viewing by the general public.

session. t>riesthoodgeneral will appear These talks

in the Conference Report. (Continued on page 1110)

1022 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Enjoy Carefree Convenience

iife*"* "msm?

UNION PACIFIC

,1!.

-:w$L.** mil i isr

irtten yon frave/ /ji/o#7 Pacific Domefiner

A vacation or business trip on any one of Union Pacific's fleet of Domeliners is as restful and relaxing as a leisurely ocean cruise. And now is the ideal time to travel. Through picture

windows you'll see - at eye level - the beauty of the Union Pacific West.

Money saving Family Fares apply to both Pullman and Coach travel. Food - both snacks and

delicious Domediner dinnersare freshly prepared... just for you. Baggage allowances are

generous. And most of all, you'll travel carefree and carfree without weather worries.

Your U.P. representative or travel agent can answer all your

questions about exact fares, routings and reservations.

DOMELINERS: "City of Los Angeles""The Challenger""City of San Francisco""City of Portland""City of Denver""City of St. Loui

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD See your nearest Union Pacific Railroad ticket office

DECEMBER 1964 QP I023 COMPLY 4. OUR LIVING GOSPEL

YOUR GIFT A new book byexplainingWendell 0.LatterRich

concise manner. The author LIST day Saint doctrine in a clear,

shows how each of us can en rich our lives by first understanding these eternal principles, and then living them.

$3.75

5. A PENNY EARNED

D. by Howard and Lowe

OF SUCCESS. THE WAY Ruth Reeve Lowe

Sterling by W. Sill

This useful most book new by This outstanding book new clear, L a gives families D S Sill a with Elder is packed into insight understandable with of inspiring wealth ways art nf siirnp.ssfnl thp mi

an invaluable management—

financial Family with life's problems—literally guide for LDS

outlining the way of success planning. $3.00

and happiness for its readers.

STERLING W. SILL $3.50

i/ minute 6. Vh MINUTE TALK

I "HERE IS BRIGHAM..."TREASURY Vol. 2

BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis

for especially those 1 Designed 1844 TO HERE IS YEARS give 2Vi minute must S. by Dilworth Young who

BRIGHAM. Filled with maps and drawtalks, here is a remarkable

ings never before published, collection of nearly 100 stimuthis new biography brings to lating, stirring and impressive ife many heretofore unknown stories that can be applied to facts and details from the hundreds of different talks.

early life of Brigham Young $2.00

... including photographic excerpts from his personal diary. 7. PROPHETS, PRINCIPLES

$4.75 AND NATIONAL

SURVIVAL by Jerreld L. Newquist

Read what presidents of the 3. THE THIRD THOUSAND Church and other General

YEARS Authorities have said about by W. Cleon Skousen questions and issues which

his to n outstanding sequel the now face the nation and

First 'HE THIRD est 2000 seller, "The world. $4.95

ears,"THE THIRD THOUSAND THO a clear with continues YEARS explanation of the sweeping drama of biblical events, from the time of Abraham.

$5.95

ORDER FROM YOUR NEAREST B00KCRAFT DEALER oKC* OR1186FROMSouthB00KCRAFTMain, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check or money order for $ 3 4 5 6 7 12

ADDRESS.

CITY

1024 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. IF A MAN DIE 2. THE GOSPEL KINGDOM

T* by Gordon T. Allred by John Taylor

book takes you from by G. Homer Letters IF*'This interesting * Compiled and edited

premortal life?

through death and and A, into the spirit world, } >G0Sp6l*, Durham,ofUniversity,ArizonaPresidentStateTHE i KiEg(to GOSPEL KINGDOM /I AN and is punctuated 5 ZTT-r- e 's ma<* throughout by u p from Reports itivir————rz* m

writings selected quotations from DIE,()1 is tavi.okof j and discourses ZZ——

- "'"* * John Taylor.:'0000** leadingauthorities.church

$3.50 $3.75

I. THE MORMON STORY 4. STORIES OF JESUS FOR LDS

. hu Rulnn SI Hnu/plk CHILDREN

revised and by Newly Jane Lund

to FATHER GIVES SONS EAGLES MORMON with color approach added to A new

Fred and James Clyde, sons of the James every page, the 1 STORIES OF Bible reading for

O. Clydes, received pins Eagle Scout from T is of Story members Mormon

jr Jt?& young their father in recently the Las Vegas

in six available the Church, the now Second IFORLDSCHil.DRRN Ward, Las Vegas North (Nevada)

Stake. Their father is adviser to the ward's languages.- English, story of Jesus and

Explorer Post 62. bible personSpanish, French, other

Finnish II **-, ** '"* alities to Norwegian, come seem and German. to life for the young

English $2.95 reader.

Other $3.95 $2.25

PIRATIONAL VERSE 6. ENGLAND AND WALES Vol. Ill

Compiled by by Frank Smith and David Gardner

Bryan Gardner and I Elaborately illustraCalvin Broadhead; ted with pictures

A choice collection and charts, this

GLEANER DISCOVERS of poetry and verse gcufalositallierdbNEW DEPTHS appropriate for in excellentshows younewhowbookto

Church talks and read, interpret, and

I am working on the [Golden Gleaner] lessons. Contains even write the Old

requirement to read twelve consecutive

ErasImprovement report and on four 221 poems, categorEnglish and Welsh articles each month. I have found that ized as to subject. languages of the

reading and then reporting has been very First book of its kind past. An invaluable

valuable, and I have learned a lot of things in LDS literature. tool for genealogical

alone.that I miss by reading

Mrs. Delores Lund $2.50 research. $3.50

Logan, Utah STILL THE DELIGHT, 7. TOPIC ECHOES 8. THE DAY THEY MARTYRED

THE WONDER... THE PROPHET

Jr. by Albert LZobell,

Henry by A. SmithThe magnificent spread in of Shakespeare Brief inspirational

The complete and nftilthe September has just Era (as given me gleaned messages old detailed high school of account English it)my teacher put a "leap of the heart"; it brought many from very old publithis tragic event in

smiles cations. tears to and some These quiet moment my history. Church

just now. I'm very concerned quality about illustrative thoughts

Dramatic, Moving, -#materials being for provided precious our for are marvelous it Authentic. storyyouth, A gives to and joy see the conme

talks, lesions andsistent quality, originality, taste and good every Church memur own meditating.with which the present you of Era Youth. ber should know.

truly into I was launched old good $1.00 $3.25Shakespeare in the eighth grade, the and

fabulous drawings by Dale Kilbourn in the

September Era revived my most delighted and lively mental impressions of Shakespeare which have danced through my ORDER FROM YOUR NEAREST B00KCRAFT DEALER head these twenty years since! He surely OR FROM B00KCRAFT,.

merits special little for his commendation Salt Main, South 1186 Lake City, Utah masterpieces on page. each Photos as usual

Please circled the following send books for which sensitivewere very layout and clean and effective. Thank you for the youthful declose check or money order for $

light you gave me in my thirtyfourth 12 3 4 5 6 7 8

Mrs. Richard L. Anderson NAME....

Provo, Utah ADDRESS CITY STATE.ZIP

DECEMBER 1964 1025 LDS The GAMES Forgotten Gospel THESE TIMES By Dr. G. Homer Durham

LET'S GO President, Arizona State University, Tempe

TO CHURCH '"SELF T i""* 2.95 35c Postage

CH A new and exciting game with the object of getting to church first! Ideal for the

entire family! I Played on a colorful board

with bright colored pawns! H A wonderful

Christmas gift! B No scriptures to memorize, easy to play, fun for everyone!

The gospel of love is the forgotten selves. Very few publicans, in the

gospel in these times. sense of the great Christian parable,

"Let thy bowels also be full of abound. Selfrighteousness is "in

charity towards all men,..."(D&C ample supply. Were it convertible

121:45) seems to have been replaced into water, many deserts could be

on many fronts, even in domestic irrigated.

life, by the warning found in 2 TimoSelf-lqve, the integrity of the indithy 3:2-3, as the condition of many vidual, is undoubtedly an essential

lives: "... men shall be lovers of condition of the healthy individual.

It likewise, Charity, begins at selves, covetous, boasters, home. their own 3.95 virtuous to to is disobedient blasphemers, and charitable do good 35c Postage proud,

parents, unthankful, unholy, to all men. But one of the scourges

is to intolerance, natural affection,... of "Without mankind want KNOW YOUR GOSPEL

..."fierce. others to "be good"good"and "do

A game for four on a colorful board! The words of Luke, always good exactly as it appears to you. In this

Answer gospel questions and you move reading, strike with certain poicentury, fascism, nazism, commuahead in the game! Three game subjects gnancy in many observable situanism, and certain brands of extreme

include "The Book of Mormon,""The tions: "Two men went up into the authoritarian nationalism have exGospel for Children (Set No. 1), "and "Mistemple to pray; the one a Pharisee, hibited this intolerance. Savonarola,

sionary Training."and the other a publican. the Inquisition, Islam, and the

"The Pharisee stood and prayed excesses of the French revolution

Additional subjects include "The Gospel thus with himself, God, I thank thee, portrayed examples in preceding cenTestament,"No. 2,""The for Children New turies. exthat as other Selflove gone whether mad, men are, I am not

and Doctrine Old Testament,""The "The or nation, tortioners, unjust, in adulterers, group, or even an individual, ea. History."75c Covenants,""Church and

Postage 10 cents each. as this publican. often has led to tyranny. Among the

"I fast twice in the week, I give oldest justifications of tyranny is tithes of all that I possess. Lucifer's doctrine in the great coun-

"And the publican, standing afar cil, namely, we must preserve the off, would not lift up so much as his good without risk of error, and by eyes unto heaven, but smote upon force if necessary. Such is devilish

his breast, saying, God be merciful doctrine.

to me a sinner."(Luke 18:1013.) There are a variety of little inThere are plenty of us who qualify tolerances, and some sizeable ones,

for the Pharisees—lovers of our own (Continued on page 1111)

1026 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA m wm

Give the Christinas gift that will never be outdated....

never outgrown....

and never forgotten.

pa** FOR A B.Y.U.——STUDY————""-TOUR """—"

itineraries theCheck SocioCultural |, and Arts Tour 7. Hawaiian Peoples. - Tour - Clip,. OUtill. of E uropeYOU Want

Tour sKj World the 'Round 8. 2. Highlights European tO"iu.andeinu - Sendsenu Pacific Tour South 9 Tour Residence 1- Mexico o Tour i 3. * r.,Kr.European c+.,StudentT-,iTravel StUdyeii#lu Arts Tour Jheater t.ikTour n Excursion '4 EurPean colonial American 12Rri&hamtsngnam YoungToung Tour Hjstory Tour I

Tour** Bible Lands History. Pageant - Churchuniversity,llnivr<iitv r-rovo,Prnvn Utahuian | 65 13. EarlyToJ American Homes |

Tour 14. World Horizons Tour** i

I I

| Name |

I AddressAHH I | I Santa says: "Enjoy

I City I Easter in the Holy Land with either of I cState.. i

J these tours."

THE EDITORS PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

"Fear not; for, behold I bring you good tidings of [Christ] had given commandments unto the apostles

great joy, which shall be to all people. whom he had chosen:

"For unto you is born this day in the city of David "To whom also he shewed himself alive after his a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord. passion by many infallible proofs,..."(Acts 1:2-3.)

"And this shall be a sign unto you, Ye shall find the When Luke wrote that message, he was convinced of babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manthe reality of the Risen Christ, and accepted him.

ger. Christ's reality must be sensed by you and by me,

"And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude and the reality of his philosophy must be mine and of the heavenly host praising God, and saying, yours if we hope to advance spiritually and rise above "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, the earth and the things which are akin to it.

good will toward men."(Luke 2:1014.) With all my soul I believe with Peter, that impet-

I have in mind to write on the reality of Christ, even uous Apostle, that "... there is none other name under

though many of those who read this not only believe heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved."

but also know of his existence and of his doctrine. (Ibid., 4:12.) In that day Christ was real to Peter, and

Without question you accept Luke's beautiful story of he is just as real today.

one of the two greatest events that ever happened in The whole philosophy of the progress of man is the world: the birth and the resurrection of Jesus associated with his divine coming. He is the Son of

Christ. God, who took upon himself mortality even as you and

Luke, who told us about the shepherds and the I, yet divine, even as you and I may become.

heavenly choir, was a man of education. He was a In the march of this spiritual progress there are

Greek and a physician. Though he was not an eyecertain necessary and definite steps if we can only

witness of the Christ, he met many who were, and sense them.

then wrote two accounts which he dedicated either to The first step in spiritual strength is a conscious- a ruler or to a friend. In one of these he said: "... ness of freedom. This is the principle which began

1028 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA when Christ accepted the appointment to his earthly Note this: "... if thou bring thy gift to the altar,

mission. It is free agency, and it is fundamental to and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought

individual freedom. In the beginning the Lord asked against thee;

for someone to go down on earth to redeem mankind. "Leave there thy gift before the altar, and go thy

One responded, saying [the words are mine]: "Send way; first be reconciled to thy brother, and then come

me, and I will make all men do as I say, but I want and offer thy gift."(See ibid., 5:2324.)

the glory!"Another replied: "Here I am, send me, Service to fellow men makes easier the taking of the

and you may have the glory."(See Moses 4:1-2; fourth step—consecration to Christ and the right.

Abraham 3:2728.) He would give to each one the When Jesus met the supreme crisis in the Garden of

right of free agency. There is the beginning of soul Gethsemane, he said: "Father,... not my will, but

progress. God desires to make men like himself, but thine, be done"(Luke 22:42), an example of entire

to do so he must first make them free. Yes, it is the submission of self to the will of God. Weeks before

sense of freedom. You may do as you please; accept this he had announced the same principle in the paraor reject the highest and best in life; agree or disagree doxical saying, "He that findeth his life shall lose it:

with the selfishness, enmity, and antagonism of the and he that loseth his life for my sake shall find it."

world. Animal instincts permit you to crush your (Matt. 20:39.) The verity of this principle in spiritual

neighbor that you yourself might rise. Accept it, if growth may be proved by everyday experience. You

you wish, or choose the higher and rougher road. may test it when you are studying. If you will conThe second is a sense of selfmastery. Before Jesus centrate, that is, "lose yourself"in the study at hand,

began his ministry he proved himself capable of you will obtain the truth. In other words you will "find

withstanding the tempter. He was tempted "like as yourself."It is true when you sit at the piano and play

we,"yet never once did he yield, and finally declared: one of the inspiring Beethoven symphonies. If you

"... be of good cheer; I have overcome the world."become absorbed in the theme wholly unconscious of

(John 16:33.) You know that you cannot rise unless self, you will win your way into the hearts of your

you overcome and conquer. Sneak around your examilisteners, but if you fail to lose yourself and think only

nations in school if you will, but in your hearts you of your own position and wonder whether you are will know that you haven't conquered the difficulties pleasing your audience, you will certainly fail to the of your subjects. degree that you have tried to build yourself up. Man's

Don't merely yield to the appetites of the flesh with highest spiritual achievement is to speak and act for an effort to gain pleasure and happiness. If you do, the good of his fellow men to the glory of God, and

you will find that the happiness you seek is a withered thus make of life a consecrated possession.

flower that crumbles in your grasp. You go and go Christ is real; he lives! "... I know that my reuntil you can't get the desired sensation without dedeemer liveth,"said the suffering Job, "... and though

stroying yourself physically. after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my

The third step is a sense of obligation. As an aid in flesh,"or the revised version, "out of my flesh,""shall

developing this spiritual virtue, Christ, as always, is I see God."(See Job 19:2526.) Christ's life was real.

the supreme example. Truly he gave his life for others. He was born of God, "the Babe of Bethlehem,"the one

"The foxes have holes, the birds their nests, but the perfect gentleman who ever lived, the Ideal Man

Son of Man has nowhere to lay his head."(See Matt. whose character was supreme, our Brother, our Sav-

8:20.) Thus sacrificing his own comforts and even his ior, the Anointed One.

own needs, he admonished all to "love your enemies. Compliance with the principles of the gospel of

Do good to them that curse you."(See ibid., 5:44.) Jesus Christ brings peace and happiness. Christ offers

"Inasmuch as ye do it unto the least of these ye do it just these to this strifetorn world.

unto me."(See ibid., 25:40.) If you have aught God help us to make him real in our lives! During

against a brother, go to him—a sublime principle, the approaching holidays, remember the ideals of his

which if accepted and applied, would solve difficulties life as we associate his birth with Christmas time. It

in communities, cities, and nations. But the Savior did is not his birthday; but we associate him with that

not stop in admonishing the one who has ill will; he day and make the season glorious to the extent that

went further. we deny ourselves for the happiness of others.

DECEMBER 1964 1029 fc

't.i.SfV

fr

i'i * '%'B-

<*W", Eistitvowms en BY DONALD COBURNVZ07 The early morning sun reached across the little valley, working its way slowly down the west mountains. It

silhouetted for a moment the Teton Peaks. Flanked on

.,, each side by its impressive but smaller neighbors, the

main peak reached up alone and majestic into the cold, clear winter sky.

The shadows thrown across the valley by this mighty range of mountains grew ever smaller, and the morning light unveiled a beautiful little picturebook valley,

Teton Valley. Ringed on all sides by its pinecovered

mountains, a quiet willowlined river wandering slowly down its length, it was truly beautiful.

This morning seemed special somehow. The smoke

1030 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA had started curling up from the chimneys of the scatto help that it seemed they were everywhere present.

tered ranch and farmhouses even earlier than usual, The morning with its special glow of excitement and there was an unusual amount of.activity, for this slipped by rapidly. Now with dinner over and the

was the day before Christmas. dishes done, it was with a sigh of relief, a grateful

Alta Green had been up with the earliest. There was one of course, that she sent the children out for a

conscious motion smoothed her hair and straightened snowy romp.

her apron as she crossed the room to the cupboards. Alta followed the youngsters to the door. "Have fun

The neatness and cleanliness so characteristic of her and keep bundled up,"she cautioned.

reflected itself not only in her gingham attire but also "Bye, Mom, we will!"came the laughing reply from

in the warm, cheerful kitchen and throughout her all at once.

horne. Alta quickly, efficiently began molding in the She closed the door and leaned back against it for

last churning of butter to the previous mold of butter a moment as if to find strength. The day before Christthat she had been so carefully saving over the mas was a busy, joyous, happy day for almost everypast weeks. one, but a day of trial for Alta Green.

As she worked, Alta watched from the window as The slim, still attractive woman with almost unthe children disappeared over the brow of a nearby in the romance and enthusiasm of their youth they hill, and the sounds of laughter faded away. The met and lived with or overcame the early hardships

brown careworn hands slowed in their movements, and obstacles of their pioneerJife. Their family came

and the butter knife came to rest on the cupboard. and grew, each child received and loved in turn. And

Alta watched fascinated as the sun turned each Alta remembered how, despite the pressing demands snowcovered pine tree into a twinkling, sparkling of raising a family and starting a ranch, her husband jewelbedecked pageant of color. "How beautiful,"she never lost his love of the mountains that surrounded

murmured. "Wnat truly beautiful Christmas trees."them. How he delighted in taking her by the hand

Her eyes followed the trees up the mountain sides until and leading her along some woodland path to a surthe green turned to shades of blue because of the disprise he always had in store for her. Maybe it would

tance, and up until the marching ranks of pines thinned be a little parklike meadow covered with a profusion and finally halted completely, and on higher—so high of wild flowers, or a tiny nest with little speckled eggs

no tree could survive, where there was only the still in the soft down of its cup. Again he would bring her

white blanket of snow. quietly to the edge of a brook, and they would watch a

How often she looked up at these towering mounfamily of beaver at work on their dam or a large trout tains and gained strength from them. The lines of the moving its tail slowly as it lay in concealment upder an

psalm she often repeated ran through her mind, "I will overhanging bush. The mountains were good to them.

lift up mine eyes unto the hills from whence cometh The wild game—deer, elk, grouse, and trout—were a

my strength."Yes, truly these mountains had always welcome addition to their food supply as were the

been a source of strength to her ever since Ernest had huckleberries and chokecherries which were so abunfirst brought her to this valley. dant. How wonderful those years had been—the love

Alta smiled softly, wistfully. To her, it was long ago and warmth in their home, their love of the Lord and

when that tall young man from the mountains had first his goodness to them, and always the steady hand of met and courted her. This land of pines, mountains, her husband to show the way and give support in time

and meadows had seemed so far from the little sunof need.

baked town in Utah where she had been raised. A And then these mountains which he loved so dearly,

soft radiance crept over her face as she recalled that knew so well, and which had given them so much, had wonderful day when they were married in the temple. suddenly in a thundering, roaring cascade of snow

And again how vividly she remembered the day when taken him from her and the children.

he finally brought her to her new home. In her still Her hand tightened around the butterknife until the

girlish enthusiasm she gave her heart to this wildly knuckles showed white. The softness of olden memobeautiful valley of the Tetons. ries disappeared, and the harsh realities of today came

How quickly the years had passed. Not easily, but back. This, the first Christmas since their marriage

so much to be done today. The older boys had needed that she and Ernest had not prepared for and enjoyed

no urging to get their chores done—the livestock fed together with the children, seemed more than she

and the cows jnilkepl. And trje girls had been so eager could bear. (Continued on page 1112)

DECEMBER 1964 1031 SINCE CUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

recovered, and analyzed for theological and polemical purposes from the

THE itsecondseemscenturyunlikelyto thatthe twentieth,any impartialand

PRECIOUS observer exists who can comprehend

THINGS thembate."143apartThefromsocalledthis historyApostolicof Fade-

as being both today thers recognized RETURN are: ancient and orthodox

I Clement, Letter to the Corinthians, written c. 95/96 in Rome, of

pieces. metal was now oxipure The 1952, near Qumran,In March the Wady high authority in the early church brittle. scroll this very in two dized and copperivas found

but virtually unknown in later times.

PART 1. [Continued] stantinople, there came bound in the II Clement's Letter, not a letter

The Christian Apocrypha. In our book with the canonical texts and and not by Clement. Written probshort discussion of the Jewish Apocobviously considered as scripture by ably by a priest in Corinth, c. 135140

rypha we have imperceptibly moved the people who used the codex, two AD, contains some very old Sayings into the area of Christian Apocrypha writings designated as letters of of Jesus.

—another example of the ubiquitous Clement to the Corinthians. These Letters of Ignatius, Bishop of

overlapping from which we never letters, though frequently quoted by Antioch, c. 110115. Letters to Seven

escape; for the same old question, early church writers, were at the time Churches, written on his way to marIs this Jewish or is it Christian? entirely unknown to Western scholtyrdom in Rome, are accepted as

plagues the student of early Chrisars, the church having completely genuine, an equal number rejected.

tian as much as of early Jewish writlost track of them. Polycarp, Bishop of Smyrna, Letings. Lists of Christian apocryphal These were the first of a special ter to the Philippians. Polycarp died

writings are even more confusing class of writings to which the Cathin 155.

than the Jewish lists, since the latter olic theologian Cotelier in the sevenPapias of Hierapolis, Sayings of at least include fourteen indisputteenth century gave the name of Jesus, written c. 135150.

ably "biblical"Apocrypha (the tax- "Apostolic Fathers,"it being assumed The Didache, or Teachings of the onomists actually employ this oxythat the authors had known the Twelve Apostles, discovered at Conmoron! ), while among the Christian Apostles or at least their disciples. stantinople in 1872. Written between

titles, nothing is certain. The title is not a satisfactory one, 100 and 150 AD in Syria, Palestine,

In 1638 when Charles I of Engand the problem of classifying the or Egypt.

land received the great Alexandrian Apostolic Fathers has been a diffiThe Shepherd of Hermas, written

Codex of the New Testament as a cult one, as they were "written, transin Rome c. 140, by the layman Herpresent from the patriarch of Conmitted, interpolated, disregarded, mas; divided into Visions, Mandates,

1032 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

and Similitudes for the instruction All the Apostolic Fathers are entirely"in but seven works: "The

of the church. 144 related, in fact, and although orthoDidache, the Didaschalia, the AposAs an example of the usual overdox and Christian, show many aftolic Constitutions, the Greek Canons

lapping, an important discourse in finities with the Dead Sea Scrolls (i.e., rules for the Church, 84 or 85

the Didache on the doctrine of the and quote yet other apocryphal of them), the Apostolic Canons (27

Two Ways (i.e., the Way of Light works. This leads to the usual probor 30 of them ), the Canons of Hippoand the Way of Darkness that lie lems of classification: Some would lytus, and the 127 Canons of the

open to all during this lifetime of still reject the Pastor of Hermas, Apostles, which Perier himself edprobation) also turns up slightly aland for that matter parts of the New ited."147 To all of these we refer

tered in an Epistle of Barnabas Testament as unorthodox, 140 and below.

(classed by some as an Apostolic while Hennecke lists a hundred auThe sands of Egypt have yielded

Father), and it would now appear thentic Christian Apocrypha, J. up papyrus fragments of unidentithat both go back to a common prePerier insists that "the canonical fied gospels, sayings of Jesus, apocChristian teaching frequently reapocryphal literature of the primiryphal gospels (of the Nazarenes,

ferred to in the Dead Sea Scrolls. 145 tive church is contained almost Ebionites, Hebrews, and Egyptians )

conversations of Jesus with his disciples after the resurrection, at least 40 "Gnostic"gospels, infancy gospels telling of the childhood of Jesus, and some important collections of noncanonical stories about Jesus. 148

Again, none of this material can be lightly dismissed, for it all overlaps and much of it goes back to very early times. The Gospel of the

Twelve Apostles, for example, found in 1913, is mentioned by Origen as authentic scripture in the church of his day, and in his own opinion older than the Gospel of Luke, 149 and has close ties, for example, with all seven of the important works mentioned by

Perier above.

If we were merely to begin to point out the relationships between the hundreds of Apocrypha, nearly all of them first brought to light since Cumorah, we should soon find ourselves at sea. But it is no longer

a shoreless sea, for thanks to many recent studies, dim and distant but imposing islands have begun to take shape through the mists.

The most impressive of these is that corpus of writings known as the

PseudoClementines. The Patrologia

Graeca attributes to Clement of

Rome besides the two epistles, letOne of the oldest Bible manuscripts in ters to the Virgin and to James the the Sinai Monastery.existence—in

SprenglingProfessor Martin of the Elder, twenty homilies, a work on

University of Chicago has traced our the acts of Peter, liturgical writings, alphabet to its source and declares it is of Semitic origin and not of Phoenician. and the famous Clementine Recognitions, a novel which was "a favorDECEMBER 1964 1033

ite piece of 'Sunday afternoon literaciples after the resurrection. (The to believe them. It was only when

ture'"in the church of the second Ethiopian version was labeled, "The the Risen Christ himself took them century. 150 Since this Clement is supTestament in Galilee of Our Lord in hand and for a period of forty

posed to have been the Bishop of Jesus Christ.") 153 These works in days gave them instructions in "the

Rome, the important Apostolic Conturn are very close to another colthings of the kingdom"that they stitutions are also attributed to him lection called the Didascalia, purwere ready to go forth as missionas well as certain decretals and episported teachings of the Lord to the aries to all the world. That postcopal letters, and even the socalled Apostles after the resurrection. Parts resurrectional instruction made all

Cave of Treasures—the PseudoEph- of this are identical with the eighth the difference in the world to the

raim or Book of Rolls. 151 Forty years book of the Apostolic Constitutions, Apostles yet we find few words of

ago the celebrated Eduard Schwartz but also very close to the canons of that priceless instruction in the declared that the Clementine writthe Epistle of Peter attributed to Bible! It is therefore most significant

ings "have no significance whatever Clement, above, and various other when the great majority of the earlifor the study of early Judaism and apostolic canons, including the "127 est Christian writings to come into

Christianity."152 But today, thanks Canons of the Apostles"first pubour hands announce that they are

purveying those very lost teachings of Jesus which we miss so much—

the words of the Lord to his disciples

The Treasure of the after the resurrection. And in this

Copper Scroll. The open area a particular collection of resegments. The language

is Hebrew, though cently discovered documents is the strangely spelled and most valuable.

written.

Qumrans Egyptian Twin. We refer to the Nag Hammadi library, a

find whose importance is rivaled only by that of the Dead Sea Scrolls.157

It is a most remarkable coincidence that in the same year in which the

Arabs of Palestine started bringing to the markets mysterious writings from what turned out to be the oldagain to the Dead Sea Scrolls, the lished in 1912, which claims to have est Jewish library yet known, the position of the "Tuebingen School,"been "composed by our Fathers the Arabs of Egypt, far up the Nile, which saw in the Clementine Recogholy Apostles and published by started bringing in equally mysterinitions the most valuable firsthand Clement the disciple of the Apostle ous writings from what proved to view of the primitive church, has Peter."154 be the oldest Christian library yet

been vindicated. Whatever one may think of these known. They were found on the site

To trace but a single line, the works today, many of them display of an ancient religious community

Apostolic Constitutions, attributed to "complete mastery"of the canonical between sixty and seventy miles

Clement, show very close affinities materials and many are now acceptnorth of Luxor, and consisted of with a work discovered in the last ed by most scholars as representing thirteen leatherbound volumes year of the nineteenth century and the authentic views of the early (books, not scrolls) representing given the title of "The Testament of Christians, 155 to whom their teachforty-four different writings comOur Lord and Savior Jesus Christ."ings, especially about the return of prising "about a thousand large

This work was also attributed by the Lord after the resurrection, were leaves, nearly eight hundred of them its ancient compiler to Clement, and "of sovereign importance."156 in good condition."158 Although the

purports to contain instructions given When the Lord first met with the library itself dates from the fourth by the Lord to the Apostles after Apostles after the resurrection, he century, "a number of these texts are the resurrection on matters of docrebuked them for their hardness of from the second century,"one imtrine and organization. heart and slowness to believe; for portant writing, for example, coming

Both these works in turn are closethey had thought it was all over "from a small villagechurch not yet ly related to a writing discovered in with the crucifixion, and when reaffected by gnosticism (i.e. by the

1897, the Epistle of the Apostles or liable witnesses reported that Jesus apostasy) between 125 and 150 conversations of Jesus with his dishad risen, they stubbornly refused AD."159 As in Palestine also, the com1034 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing forth of the wonderful treasures liveth (i.e., the risen Savior) spoke chologist C. J. Jung and contained

was accompanied by all sorts of mysto JudasThomas...,"102 Next we the Gospel of Truth, the Apocryphon

tery and intrigue, with knotty problearn that the New Testament quotaof Names, a second century Apoclems of ownership presenting a tions in this work (which was writryphon of John, a treatise on the formidable obstacle to publication. 100 ten down about 140 AD) are "very Three Natures ( "a mythical and theoLike the Dead Sea Scrolls, these similar to a collection used by the logical exposition of vast dimenwritings have proved both exciting writer of I Clement."103 But we have sions and great detail"), and a work

and disturbing by "their highly iralso noted that the Gospel of the on the resurrection called the Letter regular doctrines."161 These people, Twelve Apostles is also very close to to Rheginos. 167 So far, the Gospels of

though the oldest known Christians, Clement, and H. J. Schoeps has Thomas and Philip and the Gospel

do not talk as the Christian world shown that no writings are closer to of Truth have been made available has always thought primitive Christhe Dead Sea Scrolls than the Pseuin English. 108 To a Latterday Saint

tians should talk, any more than the doClementines! 104 On top of that, some of the other writings should

people of Qumran talk like good Oscar Cullmann finds that this prove far more interesting.

orthodox Jews. What is more (and "jumbled mixture of old traditions"Along with these Coptic finds

Records of Darius of old Persia, engraved on plates of solid gold and silver are among the recent findings

The Syrian Metropolitan, Athanasius Yeshue

Samuel (right) examining his four scrolls with Dr. John C. Trever,

director of the Department of the English

Bible for the International Council of Religious Education.

this is the big surprise), the earliest in the Gospel of Thomas indicates an should be mentioned some very old

Christian writers and the earliest origin in "the vicinity of Eastern and valuable Christian texts in

Jewish writers known, living a thouJordan where the Christian Jews Greek, the Bodmer Papyri. These

sand miles and several hundred years settled after the fall of Jerusalem, in third century papyri are the oldest apart, speak very much alike! Not the year 70 AD,"165 which takes us copies extant (the original dates

only do both depart radically from from the distant reaches of the upper from 175200 AD) and the only exthe conventional teachings of church Nile right into the desert communiemplars in the original language of and synagogue, but they both depart ties of the Dead Sea Scrolls, where an apocryphal correspondence bein exactly the same direction. our two libraries, Jewish and Christween Paul and the Corinthians, of

We have noted, for example, that tian, seem to have a common origin. which later texts in other languages

the work called the Gospel of the In 1956 an Egyptian scholar Pahor have long been known. They were

Twelve Apostles, which was disLabib, himself a Copt, published a found in Egypt and first published covered in 1912 and which Origen volume of photographs of the newly in 1958 and 1959. 169 Together with

claimed to be older than the Gospel found texts, including complete them was discovered the first Greek of Luke, belongs to a group of writphotos of the Gospels of Philip and text of the famous Odes of Soloings reporting the Lord's teachings Thomas, the Apocryphon of John, mon, which deserves our attention after the resurrection. And if we a work called The Apostasis of the as a notable link between our Coptic

turn to the newly found Nag HamAeons (on the nature of authority), Nag Hammadi text and the Hebrew madi texts, we find that the first and a work on the creation. 160 A colDead Sea Scrolls.

one ever published (The Gospel of lection of 100 pages was secretly The Odes and Psalms of Solomon

Thomas) begins with the words: bought by a rich Swiss and taken to were first discovered in 1906 on the

"These are the secret teachings Zurich in 1952; it was named the site of an ancient Christian commuwhich the Lord who was dead and Jung Codex after the famous psy- ( Continued on page 1126)

DECEMBER 1964 103S CONDUCTEDteachingBY THE UNIFIED ***

CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

P|

s**AiA**w w*"'"* SlllillliilsS 1 - fft|v.

THE ART OF LECTURING EFFECTIVELY

BY CHARLES R. HOBBS

COORDINATOR OF SALT LAKE VALLEY DISTRICT SEMINARIES [PART TWO] think of the next thing they are going to say. Ask a member of the class how you are doing. We are

5. Avoid annoying mannerisms. usually not aware of our annoying mannerisms or we

In visiting classrooms the writer has become aware would rid ourselves of them.

of many distracting mannerisms. One teacher, for 6. Present yourself to the class in a humble, yet auinstance, had the habit of sticking his finger in thoritative manner.

his ear. Another unconsciously held one hand in A teacher who is humble is unassuming and is willfront of him as though he were fearful a class ing to learn from anyone who may have something

member was going to stand up and punch him worthwhile to offer. He guards against the personal

in the nose. Still another had the habit of rocking opinion that he knows enough; he is constantly seeksideways when becoming nervous. Many are guilty ing wise counsel and is appreciative. He loves his

of overusing "a,""ah,"or "anda"while trying to class members as he loves himself.

1036 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Grant R. Hardy, principal of

East High Seminary in Salt Lake City instructs class.

As a lecturer a teacher must be considered by the it. Which temperament is most descriptive of yours?

class members as an authority. To them, the teacher Spontaneous humor is also closely related to enthubecomes an authority by knowing his subject; he has siasm, and has an important place in our pedagogy as

facts, quotations, and suitable references at his finger- a release mechanism for strained classroom relationtips. Because he is always well prepared he grows in ships—and no class is immune or free from such relaself-confidence. He does not give excuses, nor does he tionships. Class members want to laugh. They want

express personal fears as to his ability to teach. He is a teacher who will laugh with them. Laugh with your

a humble authority. class members.

7. Talk with your eyes. 10. Compare what is not known with what class

While presenting a lecture, make it a practice to members already know.

scan the class, looking into the eyes of individuals in The teacher should make himself aware of what is the room. This gives each class member the feeling common knowledge and understood by his class memthat the lesson is specifically for him. Further, make bers. In presenting a new idea or a new term to

your eyes sparkle with enthusiasm. a class, it is skilful teaching to compare the new idea

Whenever bearing testimony or expressing convicwith wellknown or common symbolisms. This method

tion of a principle of truth, do not look up at the ceilof teaching through comparison is almost universal ing or down at the floor, but look squarely into among great thinkers.

the eyes of each class member. Never underestimate Emerson, showing the importance of a philosopher's

the power of direct eye contact in expressing a sincere full use of the intellect, said, "As a good chimney emotional conviction. burns its smoke, so a philosopher converts the value of

8. Smile. all his fortunes into his intellectual performances."

Notice those around you who smile and those who In describing how gossip is destructive to the gosdo not. You will become aware that there is siper, Bacon made a comparison with the bee: "Men

something pleasantly different and contagious about must not turn bees and kill themselves in stinging those who smile and sparkle. Their smile says: others."

"I enjoy teaching."The Master of all teachers described the eyes as the

"I am glad to see you."light of the body, an oxen yoke as the easy burden of

"I feel at ease in your presence."the gospel, wheat as the righteous and weeds as the

"You make me happy."wicked, a pearl as the value of the gospel, and a lost

"I love you."sheep as a lost soul. What is more commonly under-

A smile grows out of one's positive, happy attitudes. stood than hunger and thirst? What simplicity and

Therefore, replace criticism with appreciation. Smilpower thus lie within the beatitude, "Blessed are they

ing, even on the most discouraging days, is a which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for

good practice in selfdiscipline. Smile, and your class they shall be filled."(Matt. 5:6.)

smiles with you. Truly, Christ was the Teacher of teachers as one

9. Be enthusiastic and laugh with your class memskilled in the use of comparisons.

bers. While preparing your next lecture or lesson, take a

Who fails to listen to an enthusiastic speaker? If a look at the concepts that might not be familiar to your

teacher is exhilarated with the ideas he is expressing class members. Then think of birds, books, buggies,

to his class, the pupils are almost irresistibly aroused. beans—any symbolism with which the new idea might

Closely akin to enthusiasm are the qualities of earnestbe effectively compared. It is not difficult to build

ness, eagerness, ecstasy, devotion, fervency, intensity, bridges from your students'smaller plateaus of limited ardor, zeal, and excitement. These have rightfully understanding to your larger plateau of knowledge.

earned a place in the circles of good teaching. Try it and see.

Then there are those sinister characteristics which 11. Use opposites.

are the extreme opposites. They destroy teacher Almost every element in nature has its opposite.

effectiveness and should be locked up for life Light is opposed to dark. Up and down, black and

in the deepest dungeon. With aversion I name some white, solids and gasses, alive and dead, in and out,

of the worthless antonyms of enthusiasm: aloofness, male and female, good and evil, sorrow and happiness

apathy, indifference, unconcern, flippancy, coldness, are a few examples of the law of opposites which give disinterest, and boredom. balance to life. When relationships are presented in

Some of the forementioned traits describe your manthe context of their extreme opposites they become ner of lesson delivery. Take a moment to think about more simply defined (Continued on page 1106)

DECEMBER 1964 1037 THE ada,LesserHungary,amountsNewhaveZealand,been filmedAustralia,"in Norway,Switzerland,CanMICROFILMING PROGRAM Iceland,Each rollthe containsBahamas,fromand 800Italytoin2,000that order.pages of vital

OF THE CHURCH recordThe material.program continues with unabated vigor and

careful planning.

The latest microfilm report of the Genealogical SoElder George H. Fudge, Director of Planning and

ciety, dated October 1, 1964, gives eloquent testimony of Microfilming for the Genealogical Society throughof the tremendous expansion of this great church proout the world, upon his return from Europe in October ject since it commenced in 1938. 1964, reported that parish registers, with their records

A study of this report shows that nearly 547 million of christenings, marriages, and burials, are copied pages—over half a billion—of records of genealogical whenever possible in all these countries. Most church

value have been microfilmedthe equivalent of registers have never been printed, and filming will 1,823,000 volumes of an average of 300 pages each. preserve their precious contents for posterity.

Of the 382,340 rolls each 100 feet long thus secured, Iceland was the first European country to have all the geographical distribution by principal countries its genealogical records filmed. The parish registers

is in this order: of Denmark have been filmed from the earliest entries

United States 84,000 rolls down to the year 1860 in all sections of Denmark, and

Sweden 56,000 "some to a much later date. Filming of parochial regisDenmark 50,000 "ters in Scotland and the Isle of Man has been comMexico 40,000 "pleted. There are thousands of such records yet to be

Great Britain 39,000 "copied in England and Wales. Church records in

Netherlands 33,000 "Sweden and Finland have been microfilmed to 1892.

Germany 24,000 "In 1963 the filming of Lutheran church records in NorFinland 13,000 "way was completed. In the Netherlands copies of virFrance 12,000 "tually all the Dutch church records have been secured,

Belgium 11,000 "and four cameras are presently in operation there.

In France, with five active cameras, records copied (always including church books) cover those at

Beauvais (Departcmente of Oise) Valence (Drome),

Tours ( Indreet-Loire ), Evreux (Eure) and Caen (Calvados). This, however, is merely a beginning of

what is to be done there.

Three cameras are busily engaged in Belgium, and work there is nearing completion. Three other microfilm machines have been in use for several years in

West Berlin, and still others at various places in West

Germany, copying church and other records.

Approximately fifty percent of the Hungarian church registers have been copied by a camera in the archives of Budapest.

Elder Fudge reports that the great work of filming the genealogical records of the world goes steadily on. Wherever cameras can go, they copy parish and

other related records of worth in genealogy, that these may be preserved for all time in the archives and vaults of the Genealogical Society.

103B Not only, he points out, is it urgently important to undoubtedly continue and increase. And the Geneasecure these records so that they may become available logical Society can well take pride in having been

to researchers, but in order to preserve them from total among the pioneers in this great activity."

destruction. Said he, "These original records deposited Throughout the world attention is being focused on

in archives and parish churches are vulnerable to clithe great film collection in its library in Salt Lake mactic conditions and other hazards, including thieves City and the numerous researchers constantly making and vandals. Some archives have reported whole pages use of the 205 filmreading machines there.

having been torn out of original volumes by indiIt is the concern of the Genealogical Society to share viduals either too lazy or incapable of copying the these record treasures, gathered at great cost, with information in the record. as many of the church members as possible. As

"Recently two cases have been reported where parexplained in the lesson text now being studied in ish churches have actually been broken into, and priesthood quorums, Priesthood Correlation in the thieves have stolen the parish safe with all its precious Genealogy Program, films from the main genealogical record contents. In one instance, the parish registers library of the Church will be made available on a

were discovered thrown into a ditch; in the other they loan basis to the branch libraries being established

were found hidden under a mattress in a wood. under the library policy of the Society.

Reports such as these, received by the Genealogical In each branch library will be found a film copy of

Society from archivists and other record keepers, emthe locality file of the Genealogical Society, which phasize the great need for the filming program of the file includes most of the films gathered from over the

Genealogical Society, before records are lost forever. world as of February 1, 1964. Patrons of the branch

"More and more archivists are becoming converted library may apply to have it secure the loan of a deto the need for microfilming, and some archives and sired film from the Genealogical Society library in Salt libraries are purchasing their own equipment and Lake City for a brief period and may use it at a readinaugurating microfilm programs of their own. The ing machine in the branch library.

Genealogical Society is happy to see this, because as So now, more than ever before, there will be intense a result, many times the Society is able to procure interest in the records that are secured through the copies of these films for the use of its patrons. Just microfilming program of the Church.

recently, the archives in Vienna, Austria, purchased two cameras, and now have a microfilm service available. The Public Records Office in London, England,

a great record center, has had microfilm equipment for a number of years actively engaged in filming census and other important records. The Genealogical

Society has acquired from them a film of the 1851 census of England and Wales, and is now obtaining a copy, as fast as available, of the 1841 and 1861 censuses of those countries.

"There are other agencies also interested in microfilming and preserving records. UNESCO has carried

out a limited program of microfilming in South

America. Several universities are busy copying newspapers and other records from Central and South

American countries. The more projects initiated like

these, the more records will become available to scholars, researchers, and genealogists. This trend will

DECEMBER 1964 1039.oo**"'

YS6 Vis TW& "ft**'vw."*

SSEi=fc Sa*L \91 *!**

<; i,l% '

wgi*\*t* =sgp....*:- 5 V? -s-*—

PSS::---"-;EE,

*11 **'*! "!* "t *"""* te$:;.:.;::::.-r:---vf:-i-is::::*

0] x

X

p4 %

X X

Frank W. Asper, Tabernacle

organist at the console of Tabernacle organ.

PEACE BUILT wellfacingthensuchmyantremblingaudience andand humilityaccepting ata position General of the as one AuthoriofUPON THE SOLID ties. passing over one The

easier discentury to has made it no responsibility thatFOUNDATION OF charge half a the holds one ETERNAL as a General Authority. This morning,

PRINCIPLES asI askthenforandyourduringsympathythe interveningand prayers.years,

Evidences of progress in the Church

President David O. McKay give us true cause for rejoicing. The

Lord has blessed us with eventful and

Read by his son Robert at the opening prosperous years during the past decade.

session of the 134th semiannual conThe loyalty of the members to the ideals ference, October 2, 1964, 10 am. and teachings of the Man of Galilee

has been evidenced in many ways: by

My dear brethren and sisters: the response of tens of thousands to the

Only at the last moment have I given message of the restored gospel as proin to the pleas of the doctors and memclaimed by messengers at home and bers of the family not to put the added abroad; by ready and willing response

strain on my heart by attempting to go to "calls"and "assignments"; and by

over to the Tabernacle to meet with you increased tithes and offerings. Surely

in this conference. However, I am with with these and other equally meritorious

you in spirit and watching the proceedservices the Lord is pleased, for he has ings of the meeting over television. said, "... this is my work and my

It is over fiftyeight years ago that I glory—to bring to pass the immortality

stood at the pulpit in the Tabernacle and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.)

for the first time as one of the General But let us ever remember that peace

Authorities of the Church. I remember and progress are attained only at the

price of eternal vigilance and constant righteous efforts. The forces of evil and

misery are still rampant in the world and must be resisted. The powers of

darkness have increased in accordance with the spread of the gospel. Whole

nations are declaring atheism to be the law of the land. Atheism has become the

greatest weapon Satan has to use, and its evil influence is bringing degradation to millions throughout the world. Even

at this moment as the sun throws warm, genial rays on snowcapped summits and frostcovered valleys of this western land, the public press tells of increasing activity on the part of the evil one.

Warlike activities and international misunderstandings prevent the establishing of peace and divert man's inventive genius from the paths of science, art, and literature, and apply it to human retardation and the holocaust of war.

The rising sun can dispel the darkness of night, but it cannot banish the blackness of malice, hatred, bigotry, and selfishness from the hearts of humanity.

Happiness and peace will come to earth only as the light of love and human compassion enter the souls of men.

It was for this purpose that Christ, the Son of righteousness, "with healing in his wings,"came in the Meridian of

Time. Through him wickedness shall be

overcome, hatred, enmity, strife, poverty, and war abolished. This will be accomplished only by a slow but neverfailing process of changing men's mental

and spiritual attitude. The ways and

habits of the world depend upon the thoughts and soulconvictions of men and women. If, therefore, we would

change the world, we must first change

people's thoughts. Only to the extent things'spoken of by all the holy prophthat men desire peace and brotherhood ets since the world was."

can the world be made better. No peace, Many who hear this message are

even though temporarily obtained, will startled by its seeming audacity. And

be permanent, whether to individuals or I suppose it would be audacious, in nations, unless it is built upon the solid fact it would be entirely inane, to defoundation of eternal principles. clare a restoration of the gospel if

Men may yearn for peace, cry for there had not been an apostasy from peace, and work for peace, but there will and of the Church.

be no peace until they follow the path Prophecy and history predict and repointed out by the Living Christ. He is cord a great and universal apostasythe true light of men's lives. MORE THAN which was to be followed by a restoraof Jesus mission in Church Relevapredicted of The tion as The by John A PHILOSOPHY* is to establish is Saints of Latterday apostasy greatChrist fact of the tion. The

is its head. Christ Livingpeace. The

of thousands tens of himUnder men President Hugh B. Brown writ,attestedandbyhistoryboth bearssacredwitnessand secularthat it

in the Church are divinely authorized to Of the First Presidency became universal. We proclaim this

represent him in variously assigned fact of history not as an attack on any positions. It is the duty of these repreMy brothers and sisters (and we hope church. We do not assume any position

sentatives to manifest brotherly love, first you who are far away and listening in of "holier than thou"or "wiser than toward one another, then toward all will permit us to address you in those thou,"but we announce this historic mankind; to seek unity, harmony, and terms, because we believe we are all fact of the apostasy as a vindication

peace in organizations within the brothers and sisters), these great semiof the claim that there has been in

Church, and then by precept and exannual conferences of The Church of fact a restoration of the gospel.

ample extend these virtues throughout Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints proThe careful student is inevitably the world. vide an opportunity for communication confronted with the question: Has the

I pray that each day may find memand better understanding, also an opsimple but inspired gospel of Christ bers of the Church truer, purer, nobler portunity to discuss some of the tenets been preserved, together with divine than the last, that they, with intellect of our faith with our friends who are authority to administer its ordinances?

the day hasten united, may your interappreciateand hearts interested. It is We history that the a matter of

his people will bless Lord "... the invitewhen your consideration est, and we of in established the Meridian Church

that they 29:11) peace"(Psalmwith of with us of foundation built upon the was some of the principles in Time

.. lift of peace, ensign up anmay ". believe. which we apostles prophets with Jesus Christ and

of unto peace proclamation a make philosophy,and a ". as that believe..1 said, cornerstone. chief We as the He

105:39.) earth."of thethe ends (D&C and is profound the most Mormonism to not heaven, mine from do came down

everyrighteous I the invoke upon today. world the in hopeful the most sent of that will, will the but him own peace that blessings Father's ourwhere philosophy. it is a To than But more the taught he 6:38), and (John me"in their hearts their in and bemay gospel of is Jesus it restored the us taught Father Apostles the had what

strengthen unity thathomes, may speculathe unadulterated by their Christ, his forth witas sent him. them He

blessed with that beranks, they may of our idea basic of tions men. The they that nesses promise a with both

others, to teach desire andthe means of is and religion Fatherhood the God all their accepted message and who lives into the goodnessthat come may love the with of man, brotherhood the of divine receive testimony the would that earth, our the throughoutof men as fellow of love the of men and God of that truth to as the the Ghost Holy enlarged andFather's be kingdom may philosophy principles. was basic This crucified, the Savior message. was But daughters his sons that andmagnified, course, of by envisioned, partially Apostles his conmartyred, were and fellowship find all the worldin may it others, Aristotle, was but Plato, and fusion world. reigned in the

of designs the the that Saints, thewith clarity inspiring by with proclaimed will permit not time more Now, purthe frustrated and bewicked may After religion. as a Christ the Jesus brief reference, a but than hope we that to sinful naught, the ofposes come death of the Christ crucifixion and the listeners of will our some prompted be broken, shall be dominionunrighteous it watered Apostles, his of became this scripto introduction the search by earth, the shall truth govern thatand insipidity of point to the almost down tures for the prophecies concerning his keep God's who people—those the Christianize to attempt the during apostasy acquainted with and become light as a becomethatcommandments—may paglargely in resulted pagans, which ecclesiastical history. secular Hisand nations, to hill, the ensignset an a upon a there Christianity. was anizing Hence records tory of the the development of day longawaited the anticipationin for for continued restoration a and need apostasy, in already which had begun as shall reign of Peace Prince thewhen is our essence in revelation, that and is the of days Apostles the as noted by Lords. This of of Lord Kings andKing this to morning. you message letter in his to the Paul Galatians. Christ. of in is prayer, Jesus the name my this in mesbelieved Millions have also Paul's declaration to Note TimothyAmen. is it that witness borne sage have and in 2 recorded 3. chapter Timothy, He

true, and that witness has come as they said:

the Holy as from believe know and we also, that in the last days "This know it is it is of transcendtrue, Spirit. If shall perilous times come.

salthe as it involves ent importance their of shall lovers be "For men

If it family. of the vation human boasters, selves, covetous, proud, is own

it naught. course, false, will, of come to parents, to disobedient blasphemers,

President John Taylor, in his definiunthankful, unholy, everof tion said: "The Mormonism, affection, trucenatural "Without

in the lasting Gospel, made known incontinent, false accusers, last breakers, the less than nor is nothing days, more good, of fierce, that are those despisers adviser, Explorer Nixon, WoodReed is It the restored. religion ancient lovers "Traitors, highminded, heady, Angeles) land Hills Robin (Los Ward, all of 'restitution of the commencement of lovers pleasures God; of than more social science Society Relief Frame,

teacher, and Joyce Nixon, Relief Society *Address delivered Sunday morning, October 4, 1964. "Having a form of godliness, but

president.

1042 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA denying the power thereof: from such from the beginning ot the apostolic age

turn away."(2 Tim. 3:1-5.) to the present. We believe this claim

And Paul, in writing to the Thessato be wholly untenable in the light of lonians said: a rational interpretation of history.

"Now we beseech you, brethren, by All dissenting churches are, by their the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, own admission and by the circumand by our gathering together unto stances of their origin, manmade inhim. stitutions.

"That ye be not soon shaken in mind, The fact of the great apostasy is ador be troubled, neither by spirit, nor mitted by theologians the world over by word, nor by letter as from us, as who profess a belief in Christianity.

that the day of Christ is at hand. Thus we read in Smith's Bible

"Let no man deceive you by any Dictionary: "We must not expect to see

means: for that day shall not come, Hundreds of conference visitors enjoy the Church of Christ existing in its

except there come a falling away first, conference addresses from Temple perfection on the earth. It is not to be

and that man of sin be revealed, the Square. This and the other photos in found thus perfect, either in the colson of perdition; this section show some of these visitors. lected fragments of Christendom or

"Who opposeth and exalteth himself Left to right: Dianne and Joyce Johnstill less in any one of those fragabove all that is called God, or that is stun, Portland, Oregon, students at ments."

worshipped; so that he as God sitteth BYU, with their grandmother, Ethel Martin Luther's notable revolt

in the temple of God, shewing himself Kearsley, St. Helens Ward, Oregon. against the Papal Church spread

that he is God."(2 Thess. 2:1-4.) throughout Europe and assumed such

As Dr. Talmage, Dr. Barker, and early decline of spiritual power and the proportions as to be designated as the

others have noted, the historian, Eusecessation of divine gifts and graces great Reformation. Such men as Melbius, cites the testimony of earlier within the Church: anchthon, Zwingli, Calvin, Knox, Wywriters who inform us that when the "It does not appear that these extracliffe, and others, although they

sacred choir of Apostles became extinct, ordinary gifts of the Holy Spirit were disagreed among themselves, all beand the generation of those that had common in the church for more than came reformers and were collectively side as Protestants. to inspired hear theirbeen privileged known On every centuries. or three seldom two We

is Christ,"then also the heard, "Lo, here away, had passed the cry waswisdom fatal of after that period hear them combinations of impious error arose by when the Emperor Constantine called and "Lo, there."

the fraud and delusions of false teachhimself a Christian and from a vain Now, the sequel to the great apostasy ers. These also, as there were none of imagination of promoting the Chrisis the restoration of the gospel, which

the Apostles left, henceforth attempted tian cause, thereby heaped riches and we proclaim. It marks the inaugurawithout shame to preach their false power and honor upon the Christians in tion of the Dispensation of the Fulness

doctrine against the gospel of truth. general but in particular upon the of Times. This glorious event occurred

And in Mosheim's Institutes of Christian clergy. From this time, the in the early part of the nineteenth

Ecclesiastical History we read of the gifts of the spirit almost totally ceased, century when the Father and the Son schisms and dissensions by which the very few instances of the kind being manifested themselves unto man, when

Church was rent in the latter part of found. The cause of this was not, as the Holy Priesthood with all its powers

the first century—the period immehas been supposed, because there was and authority was again brought to

diately following that of the apostolic no more occasion for them, because all earth.

ministry. the world was become Christian. This The restoration of the gospel is at

"It will easily be imagined,"Mosheim is a miserable mistake. Not a twenonce the consummation of the work of

says, "that unity and peace could not tieth part of it was then nominally God throughout the ages and the final reign long in the Church since it was Christian. The real cause of it was preparation for the second advent of

composed of Jews and Gentiles who rethat the love of many was waxed cold. Jesus the Christ. The Church affirms

garded each other with the bitterest The Christians had no more of the that after a long night of spiritual aversion.... Thus the seeds of discord spirit of Christ than the other headarkness, the dawning of a brighter

and controversy were easily sown and thens."day was heralded by divine messengers

could not fail to spring up soon into The Church of England and other and the Church of Christ was authorianimosities and dissensions which acProtestant churches frankly admit the tatively established. The Church of

cordingly broke out and divided the fact of the apostasy. Our question is, Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, comChurch."if the "Mother Church"was without monly known as the Mormon Church,

In the second century many unnecdivine authority or spiritual power, stands on the declaration that the Holy essary rites and ceremonies were added how could her children derive from her Priesthood is operative upon the earth, to the Christian worship, the introthe right to officiate in the things of not as an inheritance through earthly duction of which was, according to God? Can man originate for himself a continuation from the apostolic age,

Mosheim, "... extremely offensive priesthood which God will honor and but as the endowment of a new dispento wise and good men. Both Jews and respect? Granted, men may create sation, brought to earth by heavenly

heathens were accustomed to a vast among themselves societies, associaministration. This restoration, divariety of pompous and magnificent tions, sects, etc. They may formulate vinely predicted and divinely achieved,

ceremonies in their religious service, laws, prescribe rules, and construct has been witnessed as a realization of and as they considered these rites as elaborate plans of organization and the revelation given to John on the Isle an essential part of religion, it was but government. But, we ask you, from of Patmos when he said:

natural that they should behold with whence can such human creations de- "And I saw another angel fly in the indifference and even with contempt the rive the authority or stamp of the Holy midst of heaven, having the everlasting simplicity... which was destitute of Priesthood without which, and I emgospel to preach unto them that dwell

those idle ceremonies that rendered phasize this, without which there can on the earth, and to every nation, and their service so specious and striking."be no Church of Christ. kindred, and tongue, and people,

John Wesley, one of the founders of It is claimed that a line of succession "Saying with a loud voice, Fear God,

Methodism, comments as follows on the of the priesthood has been maintained and give glory to him; for the hour of

DECEMBER 1964 1043 his judgment is come: and worship him servants to promise to all those who come better acquainted with this rethat made heaven, and earth, and the obey. This is the mark of the divine markable message that the simple

sea, and the fountains of waters."Church, that all who do his will shall gospel of Jesus Christ has been restored

(Rev. 14:6-7.) know of the doctrine. again to the earth, for we announce it

In the light of these historical facts, When truth meets error, error must humbly in the name of Jesus Christ.

which were in fulfilment of the profinally give way. Even though the Amen.

phetic utterances of the prophets and churches were to modify their creeds *-- ---

Apostles of old, we declare that the so as to approximate the revealed

God of heaven has, pursuant to promtruths, there would still be the question ise, restored the everlasting gospel, of accepting the source of the truth and and all people who will may hear its the question of authority. Man can

message and partake of its blessings. organize a church and choose an earthly

The revealed gospel answers certain head, but he cannot secure recognibasic questions vital to the happiness tion of his work—he cannot place the

of man. No man can escape the quesSavior at the head of his human

tions as to his origin, the purpose of church. The administration of the orcor- his future. Thehis existence, and dinances in such a church has no TESTIMONIES a validity. gives questions theserect answer to

the whether questioned of a sense Some have security offeeling and TO THE DIVINITY Christians. are living. Mormons They to joyous We answer lead thatvaluesare questions which our ordinary exemphatically, yes. We repeat what we OF JESUS CHRIST*

perience cannot answer. Science makes have reverently declared since the orthe that of the Jesus ganization Church, Philosothem. to answer attemptno President Eldon N. Tanner

of the is the arSavior Redeemer and Christ but have speculatedphers have

First Presidency Of the "... is only the his that of name world and conclusions, none at variousrived

which satisfies the longings of the soul. under heaven given among men, whereFirst behalf of the of Presidency the 4: On I (Acts saved."be must I? we by am query: Why amThey Who

I bring greetings best Church wishes and testiIs the solemn life? has been This 12.) this after comeshere? What

to all this in great here assembled died and of millions have inwho personally mony he athere and is God terested in me? Will the family relaother millions now living. We proclaim Tabernacle, to the vast listening audito all the world, ence, and bear and of the Livdivinity. is the Son this his in joy He give ustionships which

". that so loved to you.. God of witness Savior ing and Redeemer God, the cease with they will or life be continued

death? the human race, in short, the Christ. the world, that he gave his only begotten

Son, that believeth whosoever in him this? knowlOur others do ye know questions and How these many To

perish, not should everlasting but have as source the same edge from comes heavrevealed from answers havewe life"that of gospel the 3:16); (John to Peter's. said Jesus Apostle the did news,"is the If "good gospelen. the

if it is the gospel of joy, then certainly him: Christ "is the power of God unto salthe answers to these and other vital "... flesh and blood hath not revealed vation to every one that believeth"

questions will be given, and we declare it unto thee, but my Father which is (Rom. 1:16); and that Christ's work

is his glory, in his and words, own spirit 16:17.) (Matt. is in heaven."a given! beenthey Man have

"... to to the bring pass immortality reverently, without but is to gain and here Humbly ofchild God. Man

life eternal of 1:39.) and man."(Moses this bear equivocation, solemnly right we and choosing in betweenstrength

I like to should address Today myself of Christ divinity the to the testimony ye "Be to the command, obeywrong, therefore perfect, even as your Father and the restoration of the gospel, and especially to the young people of the to others and any be who may also Church, will that the Ghost promise (Matt. is Holy perfect."is in heavenwhich

in, listening that the and pray humbly its truth of to anyone further bear witness who life this comes After5:48.)

Spirit will of the our Lord enlighten divine guidance. seeks prayerfully is he joy. a God, and Theregrowth and

hearts, that our and touch minds we this declaration, this bear in make is interested man. personally We

truthfulness the understand and may love, leave our testimony, with principles you and the reconciles Church The

I the of statement, the "For meaning invitation blessings, to our beliberty our and and individualof authority and."

.. liveth, that redeemer know my auof an both all the advantages,has

19:25.) (Job of a demoand governmentthoritative

Because of the great doubt that exists their of none and cratic government, has the throughout world which and of is solution It divine theweaknesses.

places, in expressed even by been many vital problem. a

of ministers influential including men, favor in evidences corroborative The real existence the gospel, regarding the reestab- the gospel restored and of the his of the Eternal Father Son and God is it that striking are so lished Church exare of Christ, our youth Jesus some intelabsolute the escape to difficult are asking such periencing and doubt divinity. their of conviction lectual

actually as: Christ Jesus questions "Was its truth can be of testimony a But

crucified of he the and God?"Son "Was of the Holy witness the only by had

"Is gospel literally resurrected?"the any

said: Apostles Ghost. The

just of ethics?"code a moral than more of these witnesses his are "And we I questions these dealing with Before

is Ghost, the also Holy so things; and fact, this like to one emphasize should that obey to given them hath Godwhom existthe are questioning that those who

5:32.) (Act him."his of Son and power ence and God added: himself Savior the And Christ's of the purpose Christ and Jesus will, his he will "If do any man acreadily earth the here mission upon

it doctrine, whether of the shall know finite his with fact that the cept man

I of speak or myof whether God, be space into things inanimate put can mind 7:17.) self."(John

This the Lord has authorized his * Address delivered Saturday morning, October 3, 1964.

1044 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and keep in touch with them, receive thou doest in the name of the Son, of God, the same shall have everlasting messages from and send messages to and thou shalt repent and call upon life. "And if ye believe on his name ye

them and control them, and that he has God in the name of the Son forevermore. will repent of all your sins, that thereby

directed their courses even to the point "And in that day the Holy Ghost fell ye may have a remission of them of hitting the moon. Yet they doubt that upon Adam, which beareth record of through his merits."(Hela. 14:13.)

God the Creator of all can speak to man, the Father and the Son, saying: I am And we all know, as recorded in Luke,

that man's prayers can be and truly are the Only Begotten of the Father from the angel said unto Mary:

answered regularly. the beginning, henceforth and forever, "... thou shalt... bring forth a son,

The scriptures have much to say about that as thou hast fallen thou mayest be and shalt call his name Jesus.

the coming of Jesus Christ, his mission, redeemed, and all mankind, even as "He shall be great, and shall be called his crucifixion and resurrection, the many as will.... the Son of the Highest: and the Lord

message of peace and love, and the plan "And thus the Gospel began to be God shall give unto him the throne of of life and salvation which he brought. preached, from the beginning,..."his father David:

All of the scriptures which we have are (Moses 5:6-9, 58.) "And he shall reign over the house

not accepted by all of the people in the Ever since that time this information of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom

world today. The Old Testament is achas been handed down from father to there shall be no end."(Luke 1:3133.)

cepted by the Jewish people as the word son, and therefore the human family, I am sure that many of you young of God. The Old Testament and the whether pagans or Christians, have conpeople wonder how it was that the

New Testament are accepted by the tinued to look toward some kind of God shepherds and the wise men were looking

Catholics and Protestants as the word and rely upon a Savior to redeem them for and recognized the sign that would of God. from the evils of mortality. Because of tell of the birth of the Savior. They exWe as members of The Church of apostasies and false teachings, men have pected a new star. This was because

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, comhad distorted views and beliefs regardancient prophets had foretold the signs monly called Mormons, accept the Old ing Jesus the Christ. However, because that would appear. Those who had read

Testament and the New Testament and of God's interest in the immortality and of the prophecies were prepared for these also the Book of Mormon as the word eternal life of man, he has seen fit to signs when they came, and what a of God, as well as the Doctrine and inform his people through his chosen thrilling thing it is to know, as recorded

Covenants and the Pearl of Great Price. prophets in the different dispensations in the Gospel of Matthew, that the wise

These are accepted as the standard works that Jesus is the Christ and that their men from the east followed the star to of our Church. salvation can come only in and through the place of his birth, and as they came

There is no conflict between the him. to Jerusalem they asked: "... Where is

teachings of the Old and New TestaEnoch saw the day of the coming of he that is born King of the Jews? for we

ment or between the Bible and the Book the Son of Man, even in the flesh, and have seen his star in the east, and are of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, he beheld the Son of Man lifted up on come to worship him."(Matt. 2:2.)

and Pearl of Great Price, all of which the cross, after the manner of men, They were instructed to go to Bethlehem, contain the gospel message as given by and then Enoch beheld the Son of Man where he would be born, as prophesied

God through his prophets from Adam ascend up unto the Father. (See ibid., by Micah the prophet. When they ardown to Joseph Smith, and by Jesus 7:4759.) rived at Bethlehem, they saw the young

Christ himself as he visited the Old It is impossible for me today to refer child with Mary, his mother, and fell and the New World. It is my intention to or quote from more than a few of down and worshiped him.

to refer to all of these scriptures which the visions and prophecies foretelling All the scriptures to which I have reprovide us with irrefutable documented the coming of Christ. However, seven ferred are testimonies of those who were

evidence and testimony that Jesus is the hundred years before Christ was born, told by angels or by God himself, many

Christ, the Son of God, and the Savior Isaiah made this prophecy: years before the birth of Christ, that he

of the world. "For unto us a child is born, unto us is the Son of God; that he would come

One of the greatest evidences that he a son is given: and the government shall and dwell among men; that he would be

is the Son of God and that he was be upon his shoulder: and his name crucified and resurrected; and that all

chosen by God as the Savior of the shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, of this was done that all mankind may world is the fact that his coming was The mighty God, The everlasting Fabe saved.

foretold centuries before his birth and ther, The Prince of Peace."(Isa. 9:6.) We also have the testimonies of many

mission here upon the earth. His coming He also predicted that Christ would be of those who walked and talked with

was seen in vision and foretold by Adam, born of a virgin, that he would be dehim while he was here on the earth

Enoch, Moses, Job, David, Zechariah, spised and rejected of men, and that he among men, who testify that he is the

Isaiah, Micah, Lehi, Nephi, Jacob, King would go like a lamb to the slaughter Son of God. In fact, the New Testament

Benjamin, Alma, Abinadi, Samuel, and and make intercession for the transgives its readers a beautiful and enlightmany others, including Mary, the mothgressors, and said, "Surely he hath ening story of Jesus while in mortality er of Jesus. borne our griefs, and carried our sorand of his message of love and salMoses tells us that after they had been rows: yet we did esteem him stricken, vation and of his crucifixion and resurturned out of the Garden of Eden into smitten of God, and afflicted."(See rection.

the lone and dreary world, Adam and ibid., 53:1-12.) We have Peter's testimony as recorded

Eve, his wife, called upon the name of In the Book of Mormon we find that in Matthew, when Christ, speaking to the Lord and offered sacrifice unto the from six hundred years before Christ his disciples,

Lord. until the time of his coming many "... saith unto them, But whom say

"And after many days an angel of the American prophets from Lehi to the ye that I am?

Lord appeared unto Adam, saying: Why Lamanite prophet Samuel had foretold "And Simon Peter answered and said,

dost thou offer sacrifices unto the Lord? that he would be born of a virgin, that Thou art the Christ, the Son of the

And Adam said unto him: I know not, he was the Only Begotten Son of God in living God.

save the Lord commanded me. the flesh, that he would heal the sick "And Jesus answered and said unto

"And then the angel spake, saying: and bless the poor, that he would minishim, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona:

This thing is a similitude of the sacriter among the people in power and for flesh and blood hath not revealed it fice of the Only Begotten of the Father, glory, but that he would be judged and unto thee, but my Father which is in which is full of grace and truth. crucified by man; and they predicted heaven."(Ibid., 16:1517.)

"Wherefore, thou shalt do all that that whosoever shall believe in the Son Then imagine Paul, who without fear,

DECEMBER 1964 1045.

but with conviction, pleaded for himself lieved: blessed are they that have not

as he stood in chains for trial before seen, and yet have believed.

Agrippa, saying that he had persecuted "And many other signs truly did Jesus the Christians, and when they were put in the presence of his disciples, which to death he gave his voice against them. are not written in this book:

He then recited the vision which he re- "But these are written, that ye might ceived while he was on his way to believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son

Damascus to persecute the Saints, sayof God; and that believing ye might

ing: have life through his name."(John

"At midday, O king, I saw in the way 20:2731.)

a light from heaven, above the brightWhen Jesus had spoken to his Aposness of the sun, shining round about me tles, and while they beheld, he was and them which journeyed with me. taken up and a cloud received him out

"And when we were all fallen to the of their sight.

earth, I heard a voice speaking unto "And while they looked stedfastly tome, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, ward heaven as he went up, behold,

Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? two men stood by them in white apit is hard for thee to kick against the parel;

pricks. "Which also said, Ye men of Galilee,

"And I said, Who art thou, Lord? why stand ye gazing up into heaven?

And he said, I am Jesus whom thou this same Jesus, which is taken up from persecutest."(Acts 26:1315.) you into heaven, shall so come in like

Paul then bore testimony that he was manner as ye have seen him go into directed to tell the people that Christ said thus, he gave up the ghost."(Ibid., heaven."(See Acts 1:9-11.)

had appeared to him, that they were to 23:46.) In the Book of Mormon also we have

repent and turn to God and do the On the early morning of the Sabbath the testimony that Christ appeared to works meet for repentance, and said: following his crucifixion the devoted the multitude on the American continent

"For these causes the Jews caught me Mary Magdalene and the other Mary following his crucifixion, and the multiin the temple, and went about to kill came to the tomb, and the angel who tude heard a voice which said unto me."(Ibid., 26:21.) had rolled away the stone said unto the them:

As he proceeded to plead for himself women: "Behold my Beloved Son, in whom I

he said: "... Fear not ye: for I know that ye am well pleased, in whom I have gloricrucified. Jesus, fied believest was which "King Agrippa, thou the seek ye him. my name—hear

". here: is not is risen, as he for heprophets? behold, they thou believest. "He.. and I know that saw a Man de-

"Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost said. Come, see the place where the scending out of heaven; and he was

thou persuadest me to be a Christian. Lord lay. clothed in a white robe; and he came

"And Paul said, I would to God, that "And go quickly, and tell his disciples down and stood in the midst of them;..

not only thou, but also all that hear me that he is risen from the dead;...""And it came to pass that he stretched

this day, were both almost, and alto- (Matt. 28:5-7.) forth his hand and spake unto the

gether such as I am, except these bonds."Following his resurrection, the dispeople, saying:

(Ibid., 26:2729.) ciples were discussing the message that "Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom the

Paul, when released, continued to bear the Lord had risen indeed and had approphets testified shall come into the testimony to the Romans, the Corinthipeared to Simon. world."(3 Nephi 11:7-10.)

ans, the Ephesians, and many others "And as they thus spake, Jesus himAnd he invited them to come forth that Jesus is the Christ, the Savior of self stood in the midst of them, and said and thrust their hands into his side and the world, and that he did appear to unto them, Peace be unto you. to feel the prints of the nails in his

and instruct him. "But they were terrified and affrighted, hands and feet. (See ibid., 11:1415.)

Now let me refer to Christ's own and supposed that they had seen a All of these testimonies to which I beautiful Sermon on the Mount, in spirit. have referred were made by men of

which he admonished mankind: "And he said unto them, Why are ye integrity who had no reason to lie or de-

"But seek ye first the kingdom of God, troubled? and why do thoughts arise in ceive or mislead in any way, but who

and his righteousness; and all these your hearts? in spite of all threats and danger conthings shall be added unto you."(Matt. "Behold my hands and my feet, that tinued to testify that they had seen

6:33.) it is I myself: handle me, and see; for a Jesus Christ before, at the time of, and

Then he went on to say: spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see following his crucifixion and resurrec-

"Not every one that saith unto me, me have. tion. These testimonies then are of the

Lord, Lord, shall enter into the king- "And when he had thus spoken, he resurrected Lord, not Jesus, the Teacher, dom of heaven; but he that doeth the shewed them his hands and his feet."nor Jesus of Nazareth, but Jesus the

will of my Father which is in heaven."(Luke 24:3640.) Lord, the Redeemer of mankind.

(Ibid., 7:21.) Thomas, who was not present, did not Why do men doubt the truthfulness

Another touching testimony of the believe that Jesus had come to them, but of these irrefutable testimonies of these reality and love of Christ, even as he after eight days Jesus appeared again to great men and deprive themselves and suffered on the cross, is found in these the disciples, and Thomas was with their families of the guidance of his words: "Father, forgive them; for they them. Spirit? I urge those who have any doubt

know not what they do."(Luke 23:34.) "Then saith he to Thomas, Reach to do as Moroni admonishes us to do,

And when one of the thieves said to hither thy finger, and behold my hands; that is, "... ask God, the Eternal

Jesus, "Lord, remember me when thou and reach hither thy hand, and thrust it Father, in the name of Christ, if these comest into thy kingdom,"Jesus replied, into my side: and be not faithless, but things are not true; and if ye shall ask

"Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt believing. with a sincere heart, with real intent,

thou be with me in paradise."(Ibid., "And Thomas answered and said unto having faith in Christ, he will manifest

23:4243.) him, My Lord and my God. the truth of it unto you, by the power

Finally, he said: "Father, into thy "Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, beof the Holy Ghost."(Moroni 10:4.)

hands I commend my spirit: and having cause thou hast seen me, thou hast beOne of the most outstanding testi1046 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

monies of all time regarding the ditestimony that by the power of the Holy cause of their faith, and the repentance vinity of Jesus Christ is that borne by Ghost I know as I know I live that God of all their sins, and their faithfulness that young boy Joseph Smith in our lives; that Jesus is the Christ, the Reunto the end.

dispensation just over a century ago, deemer of the world; that he came and "Now this is the commandment: Rewhen he, only fourteen years of age, dwelt among men; that he willingly pent, all ye ends of the earth, and come

went into the grove alone to ask God gave his life for you and me; that he unto me and be baptized in my name,

in all humility which church he should was literally resurrected; that he and that ye may be sanctified by the recepjoin. From his own written record we God the Eternal Father did actually tion of the Holy Ghost, that ye may

read the experience of this young man: appear to Joseph Smith in answer to his stand spotless before me at the last day."

"... I kneeled down and began to prayer. The other passage is in the 10th verse

offer up the desire of my heart to If people throughout the world would of chapter 41 in the book of Alma and

God.... accept Jesus Christ as the Son of God is as follows:

"... I saw a pillar of light exactly and keep his commandments, there "Do not suppose, because it has been

over my head, above the brightness of would be no more war but peace and spoken concerning restoration, that ye the sun,... good will in the world, and we would shall be restored from sin to happiness.

"... When the light rested upon me be assured of immortality and eternal Behold, I say unto you, wickedness never

I saw two Personages, whose brightness life. was happiness."

and glory defy all description, standing I further bear testimony that David These two passages I have tried to folabove me in the air. One of them spake O. McKay is a prophet of God, as were low all the days of my life, and I have

unto me, calling me by name and said, the prophets who preceded him and felt to thank the Lord for this counsel pointing to the other—This is My Bethat he is led and directed by the Lord and guidance, and I have endeavored to

loved Son. Hear Him! himself. stamp these sayings on the minds of

"... I asked the Personages who stood It is our responsibility as members of many others. What a wonderful guide

above me in the light, which of all the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday these teachings can be to us if we can sects was right—and which I should Saints who have this testimony to bear it get them firmly fixed in our minds!

join. to the world and to keep the commandThese thoughts are of course not peculiar

"I was answered that I must join ments of God so that we might all ento the Book of Mormon. They are fundanone of them, for they were all wrong."joy eternal life, which is God's greatest mental teachings of the gospel of Jesus

(Joseph Smith 2:1519.) gift to man. May God bless us all to this Christ and have been expressed many

As he left that grove he knew as he end, I humbly pray in the name of times by the prophets of old and our knew he lived that God and Jesus Christ Tesus Christ. Amen. Redeemer when they were upon the

live and that in answer to his prayer earth. It is a fact beyond successful disthey had appeared and spoken to him. pute that no unclean thing can inherit

As he told ministers and others of his the kingdom of God and obtain what is experience and the vision that he had known as eternal life. This is to say that

seen, though he was an obscure boy of Friday Morning Session, the Redeemer of this world, through the only fourteen years of age, he was perseOctober 2, 1964 great sacrifice which he made, opened cuted by the great ones of the most poputhe graves and restored all mortal things, lar sects of the day, and ridiculed and both mankind, fowls of the air, fishes of tormented. In spite of all this persecution the sea, and every creature that partookhe continued to bear testimony that he GRATITUDE FOR of death through the "fall"of Adam.

had seen a vision; that God knew he In the 5th chapter of John, verses 28 andhad seen it and that he could not deny THE RESTORATION 29, we have the definite statement of our

it. proclaiming this truth as folRedeemer 2:25.) (See ibid., OF THE TRUTH lows: vision to which I should like Another

to refer is that given to Joseph Smith "Marvel not at this: for the hour is

the Prophet and Sidney Rigdon over a President Joseph Fielding Smith coming, in the which all that are in the year after the Church was organized, Of the Council of the Twelve graves shall hear his voice, which bears further witness that Jesus "And shall come forth; they that have

is the Christ in these words: I am very grateful for the message from done good, unto the resurrection of life;

"Hear, O ye heavens, and give ear, O President McKay and pray that the and they that have done evil, unto the earth, and rejoice ye inhabitants thereof, blessings of the Spirit of the Lord may resurrection of damnation."

for the Lord is God, and beside him continue with him that he may be raised Permit me to quote some other pasthere is no Savior. and be able to meet with us again. sages of scripture from the revelations

"By the power of the Spirit our eyes When I was a small boy, too young that have come to us by divine decree in were opened and our understandings to hold the Aaronic Priesthood, my this dispensation. This is from the Docwere enlightened, so as to see and father placed a copy of the Book of trine and Covenants, section 29, verses

understand the things of God Mormon in my hands with the request 22 to 25:

"And now, after the many testimonies that I read it. I received this Nephite "And again verily, verily, I say unto

which have been given of him, this is record with thanksgiving and applied you that when the thousand years are the testimony, last of all, which we myself to the task which had been ended, and men again begin to deny give of him: That he lives! assigned to me. There are certain pastheir God, then will I spare the earth

"For we saw him, even on the right sages that have been stamped upon my but for a little season;

hand of God; and we heard the voice mind, and I have never forgotten them. "And the end shall come, and the

bearing record that he is the Only One of these is in the 27th chapter of heaven and the earth shall be consumed

Begotten of the Father 3rd Nephi, verses 19 and 20. It is the and pass away, and there shall be a new

"That by him, and through him, and word of our Redeemer to the Nephites as heaven and a new earth.

of him, the worlds are and were created, he taught them after his resurrection. It "For all old things shall pass away,

and the inhabitants thereof are begotten is as follows: and all things shall become new, even

sons and daughters unto God."(D&C "And no unclean thing can enter into the heaven and the earth, and all the

76:1, 12, 2224.) his kingdom; therefore nothing entereth fulness thereof, both men and beasts,

And to you young people today I into his rest save it be those who have the fowls of the air, and the fishes of should like to bear my own personal washed their garments in my blood, bethe sea;

DECEMBER 1964 1047 "And not one hair, neither mote, shall heaven for the privilege that has been theme which ought to occupy our strict be lost, for it is the workmanship of granted to me to come into this world attention, and be regarded as one of mine hand."in this dispensation when once again heaven's best gifts to mankind. No conAgain the Lord spoke to the Prophet the fulness of the gospel has been resideration whatever ought to deter us

Joseph Smith in a revelation in answer vealed. I have been grateful and have from showing ourselves approved in the

to the question: thanked the Lord many times for the sight of God, according to His divine

"Q. What are we to understand by privilege which came to me to live in requirement. Men not infrequently forthe four beasts, spoken of in the same the present dispensation and that I was get that they are dependent upon heaven

verse? (See Rev. 4:6.) not born two or three hundred years ago for every blessing which they are per-

"A. They are figurative expressions, during the great period when the fulmitted to enjoy, and that for every opused by the Revelator, John, in describness of the gospel was not had among portunity granted them they are to give

ing heaven, the paradise of God, the men and they were running, as the scripan account. You know, brethren, that

happiness of man, and of beasts, and of tures say, "to and fro"seeking for the when the Master in the Savior's parable creeping things, and of the fowls of the truth which could not be found because of the stewards called his servants before air; that which is spiritual being in the of the deep spiritual darkness which covhim he gave them several talents to imlikeness of that which is temporal; and ered the entire earth. This condition was prove on while he should tarry abroad

that which is temporal in the likeness not the fault of the Lord but the fault of for a little season, and when he returned of that which is spiritual; the spirit of mankind, for they had been offered the he called for an accounting. So it is now.

man in the likeness of his person, as also fulness of the gospel, but in course of Our Master is absent only for a little the spirit of the beast, and every other time they refused to have it, and their season, and at the end of it He will call creature which God has created."(D&C teachers turned away and caused to enter each to render an account; and where

77:2.) into the Church false doctrines and false the five talents were bestowed, ten will

There is a strange doctrine in the ordinances and, worse than all, a false be required; and he that has made no

world concerning the resurrection even conception in relation to God our Eterimprovement will be cast out as an unamong those who believe there will be a nal Father and his Son Jesus Christ. profitable servant, while the faithful

reuniting of the spirit and body, which It was a day when there was not one will enjoy everlasting honors. Therefore

is to the effect that only the righteous left in mortality with the divine power we earnestly implore the grace of our will come forth to receive rewards of to officiate in the vital and saving ordiFather to rest upon you, through Jesus exaltation. This, however, is a misundernances of the gospel—a day when false Christ His Son, that you may not faint

standing. Through the atonement teachings, false ordinances, and false inin the hour of temptation, nor be overwrought by the Son of God, our Savior, structors came upon the scene. This concome in the time of persecution."(DHC

the resurrection is a complete restoration dition left the entire Christian world in 2,2324.)

of all things mortal, even of this earth a state of confusion, without divine in- I would like to quote a few remarks of itself on which we stand. The earth is to spiration, so that the notion prevailed divine truth from the lips of President

be purified and become the abode of the universally that the heavens were closed. David O. McKay, taken from Gospel

righteous. Peter understood this doctrine Contact with the Father and his Beloved Ideals, p. 383.

and in his second epistle made the folSon had ceased, and the angels for a "No man can disobey the word of God lowing statement: long, long past had ceased to visit mortal and not suffer for so doing. No sin, how-

"But the day of the Lord will come as man on the face of the earth. Under ever secret, can escape retribution. True,

a thief in the night; in the which the such conditions it was a natural thought you may lie and not be detected; you

heavens shall pass away with a great encouraged by clergy that our Eternal may violate virtue without it being noise, and the elements shall melt with Father had ceased to commune with his known by any who would scandalize fervent heat, the earth also and the children on the earth. Moreover, the false you; yet you cannot escape the judgment

works that are therein shall be burned notion became prevalent that mortal that follows such transgression. The lie

up. man was left with the teachings of the is lodged in the recesses of your mind,

"Seeing then that all these things shall Bible and that it contained all of the an impairment of your character that be dissolved, what manner of persons revelation that mankind needed to inwill reflect sometime, somehow in your ought ye to be in all holy conversation sure his salvation in the kingdom of countenance or bearing. Your moral

and godliness, God. Under such conditions and practurpitude, though only you, your ac-

"Looking for and hastening unto the tice no doubt Satan rejoiced; false teachcomplice, and God may ever know it,

coming of the day of God, wherein the ers afose, and the people, no matter how will canker your soul."

heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, devout they were, found themselves in and the elements shall melt with ferspiritual darkness. Moreover, for a long I will close my remarks by reading a

vent heat? time the edict went forth that mortal poem which I think is very appropriate,

"Nevertheless we, according to his men who had not been prepared for the entitled "The Guy in the Mirror."

promise, look for new heavens and a new clergy should not seek for knowledge or earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness."search the scriptures, for this was the When you get what you want in your

(2 Peter 3:1013.) sole responsibility of the clergy. Therestruggle for self,

Let us not misunderstand this expresfore I am exceedingly grateful for the And the world makes you king for a day, sion. The new heaven and new earth Prophet Joseph Smith and the coming Then go to the mirror and look at yourwill be the same heaven and the same of the Father and the Son to him and self

earth on which we now sojourn, for this their directing him in the course he And see what that guy has to say.

earth is to receive the resurrection after should take. Moreover, I am thankful

this day of mortality and be the abode that the time came for the restoration of For it isn't a man's father, or mother, of the righteous in eternity. Without the divine truth and the power of the Holy or wife,

revelations of the Lord given to men, Priesthood so that the inhabitants of the Whose judgment upon him must pass;

this truth would not be made known. world could find the path to eternal The feller whose verdict counts most in

Neither would we have knowledge of the life, and the ordinances of the Holy his life final glory to which this earth will be Priesthood could again be exercised in Is the guy staring back from the glass.

assigned. Even now, where men are behalf of the salvation of all mankind.

without divine guidance and revelation, On January 22, 1834, the Prophet He's the feller to please, never mind all this truth is unknown. Joseph Smith said: the rest

I am very grateful to my Father in "The great plan of salvation is a For he's with you clear up to the end.

1048 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And you've passed your most dangerous, manifest the truth of it unto you, by the Our spirit body has the same shape difficult test, power of the Holy Ghost. and form as the physical body. The

If the guy in the glass is your friend. "And by the power of the Holy Ghost spirit body then has arms, legs, a head,

ye may know the truth of all things. and a mind.

You may be like Jack Horner and "And whatsoever thing is good is just When we came to earth, we took 'chisel'a plum, and true; wherefore, nothing that is good upon us a physical or mortal body of

And think you're a wonderful guy, denieth the Christ, but acknowledgeth flesh and bones. The separation of these

But the man in the glass says you're only that he is. two bodies we call death. Through the

a bum, "And ye may know that he is, by atonement of Christ these two bodies

If you can't look him straight in the eye. the power of the Holy Ghost; wherefore will be reunited again. This we call the

I would exhort you that ye deny not the resurrection.

You can fool the whole world down the power of God; for he worketh by power, In coming into mortality we forget

pathway of years, according to the faith of the children of all from the previous life for a wise purAnd get pats on the back as you pass, men, the same today and tomorrow, and pose in the Lord. In effect, a barrier or

But your final reward will be heartaches forever."(Moroni 10:4-7.) veil is placed between the spirit mind

or tears What does it mean to knock or seek? and the mortal mind.

If you've cheated the guy in the glass. This is a way of saying, "It requires Now, I think if we will apply some

effort on your part."Study, pray, act of the laws of electronics, that is, radio

May the Lord bless you, my good do something about it! Knowledge alone and television, we will be aided in a

brethren and sisters, and all, in the saves no one. Lucifer knows, and it is possible understanding of how we can

name of Jesus Christ. Amen. this knowledge which is to his damnareceive a message from the Holy Ghost.

tion. Without proper action, it can be We have a spirit mind and a mortal

the same to anyone else. mind. Our spirit mind can receive mesMoroni said: "... by the power of sages from the Holy Ghost, who is a

the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth spirit.

of all things."(Ibid., 10:5.) One may In this room now there are many

ask, "How does one receive a message waves going by of sound, of pictures, HOW from the Holy Ghost?"and even of colored pictures. We cannot

The Holy Ghost is a Personage of detect them with our mortal eyes or ears, TO OBTAIN Spirit. We also have a spirit body as but if we set up a receiving set and

it in as body. well personput tune, then the a mortal were pick up we We A TESTIMONY spirit this pictures ages of before or ears mortal sound or came upon by the we

earth. eyes. Similarly, the Holy Ghost may be

Eldred G. Smith The Lord said to Job: "Where wast constantly sending out messages like a

Patriarch to the Church thou when I laid the foundations of the broadcasting station. If you put yourearth? declare, if thou hast understandself in tune, that is, knock or ask or seek,

One of the outstanding characteristics ing. you may receive the message. It may be

of members of this Church is testimony "Who hath laid the measure thereof, as if you were to open an imaginary bearing. Nearly all church speeches inif thou knowest? or who hath stretched window or door between your spirit

clude the bearing of testimony. This is the line upon it? mind and your physical mind and perour mission, as members of the Church, "Whereupon are the foundations mit the message to come through. Spirit

to testify of the truthfulness of the gosthereof fastened? or who laid the corner can talk to spirit, and you are part

thereof: stone thatpel fellow imaginary to our open door men. spirit—just

is receive. mortal the morning stars sang to- a testimony? and let the mind "When To What We speak of it

as a valued possession, which it truly is. gether, and all the sons of God shouted open it requires study, prayer, action or

Webster says it is evidence, proof, a for joy?"(Job 38:4-7.) works, or knock, and it shall be opened

solemn declaration. Then a testimony Are we not the sons of God who at unto you.

of the gospel is your solemn declaration that time shouted for joy? There is no salvation with just knowl-

"... the devils alsoof the truthfulness of the gospel acAbraham also tells us the following: edge alone—for

cording to your knowledge thereof. "Now the Lord had shown unto me, believe, and tremble,"says James (James

To have a testimony of God and his Abraham, the intelligences that were 2:19), then adds, "But wilt thou know,

Son Jesus Christ can bring about the organized before the world was; and O vain man, that faith without works is

greatest blessing you can attain in this among all these there were many of the dead?"(Ibid., 2:20.)

mortal existence. Each blessing is obnoble and great ones; Get that knowledge that you may have

tained by fulfilling the law upon which "And God saw these souls that they a testimony. Knowledge from the Holy

that blessing is predicated. The law were good, and he stood in the midst of Ghost is sure. When it comes to you, you

upon which this blessing is predicated them, and he said: These I will make know and cannot deny it. Moroni said:

is given extensively throughout the scripmy rulers; for he stood among those that "And by the power of the Holy Ghost

tures. were spirits, and he saw that they were ye may know the truth of all things."

In Matthew we read: "Ask, and it good; and he said unto me: Abraham, (Moroni 10:5.)

shall be given you; seek, and ye shall thou art one of them; thou wast chosen It is the primary function of the Holy

find; knock, and it shall be opened unto before thou wast born."(Abraham 3: Ghost to testify of the Father and his

you: 2223.) Son Jesus Christ. Therefore, we bear

"For every one that asketh receiveth; Before we came on the earth, we were testimony that we know, and so I testify

and he that seeketh findeth; and to him all spirits. What is a spirit? We use that I know that God lives, that Jesus is

that knocketh it shall be opened."(Matt. the word "spirit"to describe anything the Christ, that God is literally my

7:7-8. Italics added.) and everything, all elements that are not Father in heaven. I testify that by divine

Moroni also promises: "... I would mortal—so we had a nonearthly body. revelation through the Prophet Joseph

exhort you that ye would ask God, the We were nevertheless individuals. We Smith, the gospel has been restored on

Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, had the power and ability to see, think, the earth in this the last dispensation if these things are not true; and if ye act, make decisions. We even took part or the Dispensation of the Fulness of

shall ask with a sincere heart, with real in that great war in heaven, as a result Times.

intent, having faith in Christ, he will of which Lucifer was cast out of heaven. I testify that this same authority to

DECEMBER 1964 1049 hold the keys of the priesthood of God Angel Moroni came and restored the Mr. Charles L. Petze, III, of Maryhas been continued on to the present everlasting gospel again to the earth ville College said in a letter, "I would

prophet, seer, and revel ator, and Presithrough the Prophet Joseph Smith. like to congratulate you on having

dent of the Church, President David O. God and heavenly messengers apwhat I feel was the bestorganized paMcKay, in the name of Jesus Christ. peared to Adam, Moses, Abraham, vilion at the New York World's Fair.

Amen. Jacob, and all of the ancient prophets. It was truly a pleasure to find someHeavenly messengers appeared to the one who had something to say and

Apostles Peter, John, and Paul. At the knew how to say it."

pavilion we teach and emphasize that Norman Vincent Peale wrote this in heavenly messengers, appearing to the Philadelphia Inquirer (July 19,

God's chosen prophets, are part of God's 1964): "I will defy anyone, however

earth program. callous, to come unmoved out of the

I would like to read a few of the Mormon exhibit. They show a marvelcomments written by visitors to the ous motion picture done by topflight

pavilion: actors that depicts the journey of the

"Very impressive, very beautiful, human soul from birth to immortality.

so inspiring to see such dedicated So glorious is it that the viewer comes

air."visit to on "I enjoyed the Mormon my

exhibit."other to THE WORLD'S Pavilionyoung missionaries."out with tears in his eyes, but walking second no The New York World's Fair will

in a desert."over have "Like in an oasis attendance 33,000,000 FAIR: A REPORT

"Interesting makes more sense and 1964, and will have over 3,000,000 we than any other religion."attend our pavilion. Approximately ten

Bernard P. Brockhank "After seeing your movie on eternal percent of all the people attending the

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve life, I no longer have a fear of death."World's Fair have attended the Mor-

"The paintings of the teachings, exmon Pavilion. Our attendance has been

Brothers and sisters: It is a wonderperiences, and examples of Jesus with the upper ten percent of all the

ful blessing and privilege to be presChrist are revealing and inspiring."exhibits. This we feel has been a reent at this great general conference of "Beautiful pavilion and a religion I markable achievement for the Church.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterwould like to know more about."We have had over 255,000 referrals and

day Saints, and I am thankful that "Enjoyable pavilion, and it shows to registrations to send to the missions the Lord placed the "The"in the name me that there is still a strong belief in of the Church. We have distributed

of his Church. It is not the Church of God among the people of the earth."over 2,000,000 pamphlets to interested

some nation or some normal outstand- "A moving Christian tribute; such people. Over 1,000,000 have seen the

ing individual, but it is the Church of a pity more people are not exposed to eternal life film on Man's Search for

Jesus Christ. your doctrines and missionaries."Happiness. We have distributed over

We are overjoyed that The Church "This is a splendid witness to 36,000 copies of the Book of Mormon, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is the message of God."and we have had over 40,000 inches of

represented with other churches at the "The missionaries do great credit to favorable newspaper and magazine pubNew York World's Fair. The compariyour Church."licity. It is estimated that over 160,000

son has aroused a great deal of inter- "This was a beautiful experience for pictures and movies have been taken by est and comment. our entire family. Even the children visitors of the exterior and the interior

As you know, the Mormon Pavilion enjoyed it."of the pavilion.

is one of the greatest and most ef- "The scriptural truths are simply With millions coming to the Mormon fective missionary opportunities the beautiful."Pavilion we have found many who are

Church has undertaken. The entire "I am awed at the beauty of life and hungry for the pure, unchanged teachimage and acceptance of The Church eternity through the teachings of Jesus ings of Jesus Christ. Many are enthusiof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints Christ."astic and happy to hear about a church

have greatly improved in the eastern "I came in as a skeptic, but my dethat has Twelve Apostles, a church that part of the United States and throughsire to know more has been stimuhas a living prophet, a church that has out the world. Millions have been imlated."the same baptism practised by John the

pressed and spiritually uplifted by the "Inspiring, magnificent, dignified, Baptist and administered to Jesus Christ exhibits, the missionaries, and their testiand sublime, truly witnessing to the at the River Jordan.

monies. Jesus Christ of the Bible."Many are anxious to know more

The exhibits and program at the "I think this pavilion is breathtakabout a Living God who created man

Mormon Pavilion are built around the ing."in his own image and after his own

Godinspired teachings of the ancient "Your exhibit and missionaries show likeness. Many desire to know more

prophets, around Jesus Christ the Son the teachings of Jesus Christ and the about the living, resurrected, immortal of the Living God, around the Apostles, Apostles as they taught and exempliJesus Christ and not a God of mystery.

and around eternal life as given in the fied them and as they are found in the Many desire to know more about the scriptures. Great emphasis is placed on Holy Bible."heavenly messengers who appeared to

the restoration of the Church of Jesus Mr. Robert Moses, president of the the Prophet Joseph Smith.

Christ through a Prophet of God, New York World's Fair, said, "You We have found many who are seekJoseph Smith. have brought to us from across the ing for evidence of divine power and

Great emphasis is also placed on the mountains a breath of the pioneering eternal purpose. Many are now wonderpassage of scripture given by the spirit and fresh air of the West. Your ing about the private interpretations

Apostle John in the book of Revelatemple facade dominates the main enmen have placed on the Godinspired tion, wherein he said, "... I saw antrance to the Fair and is the cynosure of scriptures wherein they discontinued the

other angel fly in the midst of heaven, all eyes, and gives a noble first impresTwelve Apostles, changed the water having the everlasting gospel to sion to visitors. We thank you for your baptism. They have discontinued the

preach unto them that dwell on the contribution, congratulate you on your Bible teaching of laying on of hands to earth,..."(Rev. 14:6.) success, and hope you will remain bestow the Holy Ghost. The law of

We are bearing witness that the permanently in our midst."tithing was discontinued by many, and

ioso THE IMPROVEMENT ERA there are many other changes made cantankerous, we often say, "He got up night into the brightness of a beautiful by men. on the wrong side of the bed."Were you day. As I was leaving the house, the

Fellow Saints and missionaries, the ever accused of having such an attitude? fouryear-old who had started the series

Church needs teachers who will liter- A few months ago I was close to having of events the night before, appeared ally live Christianity as exemplified "one of those days."It came about in at the door, pulled on my coatand taught by Jesus Christ. We need this way: tail and then, with my help, climbed

to teach and love people into The About midnight I received a teleinto my arms, took hold of both of my

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday phone call from one of the teachers in ears with her little hands and without

Saints. There are millions awaiting our Institute of Religion program, any warning kissed me as hard as she

our witness and testimony. which I was coordinating at the time, could right on the nose and said,

As a tribute to our beloved prophet, and he reported that he couldn't possi- "Daddy, I sure do love you. You are

David O. McKay, the greatest missionbly teach his early morning class the sure a good sport.""A good sport, eh!"

ary of our time, let us follow his pronext day because of ill health. He and I tried to smile away the frown

phetic counsel and bring one or more wondered if I would teach it for him. that had settled throughput my whole

souls into the Church each year. With I assured him I would and told him not system. "Yep! you're the best daddy

love and righteousness in our hearts to worry,'though I wondered how adein the whole world,"and planting anand the help of God, we can achieve quately the material could be prepared other kiss on my neck, she slid to the this kingdombuilding goal. in the time left that night to meet the floor and ran back to her bed.

May this be our great blessing and challenge of the group. After hanging What was about to be a bad morning

privilege, I pray in the name of Jesus up, I immediately started to prepare for me turned out to be one of my best.

Christ. Amen. my lesson and finally at 2 am, not beAs I drove to my assignment with a

ing able to see the words on the page, song in my heart, I thought of my

I went to bed. Needless to say I was many blessings: my lovely, dedicated

tired and in need of a good night's wife and family, the fact that I belong sleep. I didn't stand much chance of to Christ's Church in reality, that I am

getting it, however, since the class next a member of this great country of ours, morning met at 7 am and was thirty a citizen indeed, that I enjoy the freemiles from home, all of which required doms that we all so often take for that I get up at five o'clock. This meant granted. And it was all brought back

only three hours of sleep at the most. to my remembrance by a simple kiss on

Shortly after going to bed, and not the nose. This little fouryear-old with

having quite fallen asleep, I was tender love and appreciation had rebrought back to reality by my fourstored my perspective of life and yearold youngster who insisted that brought to my attention once again the she have a drink of water—she simply real values we all seek.

could not get along without it until Then I began to think how easy it morning. So, after a hard struggle, I had been for me to let such a little thing

pulled myself together, secured the as a sleepless night make me forget drink of water, and went back to bed for a moment these same values and COMPARATIVE only to be awakened a few moments how everything I would have done that affected just day might daughter have been later by another who had by my resulting I attitude. nightmare. VALUES experienced Luckily a horrible Her was

anxious summons brought me to my brought back to reality, but how often

President Paul H. Dunn feet in a hurry, and in my excitement do all of us let the "get up on the wrong

Of the First Council of the Seventy to answer her call, I failed to turn on side of the bed"attitude become a habit the hall light. As I made my way in that dominates our everyday thoughts

My brothers and sisters, this is indeed the dark, I was suddenly stopped in my and lets problems or the desire for inhumbling. I am grateful for this opjourney by a door that had been left stant and usually temporary satportunity to stand in your presence, to ajar. After a few seconds and with a isfactions become so important that

feel of your spirit, and to partake of the newly acquired bump, I hastened to her longrange goals and objectives are sweet message from our living prophet side and gave the comfort that was forgotten. While certain problems must

this morning. For many, many years needed. be worried about and temporal satis-

I have listened with you to the Once again I crawled back between factions must be met, these things are counsel and inspiration of these breththe warm covers with a hope that the only important to us as a means to an ren who sit before us, and particularly remaining hours would give peace and end—as the means of getting where

to our living prophet, as they have rest, only to bebrought slyly and slowly we eventually want to go. Ultimate

sought an interest in our faith and back to life by my wife who had been happiness, the kind we all want, does prayers and have asked that our awakened by the previous interruptions. not come from continuously being temHeavenly Father give them the guidShe had just remembered that she porarily satisfied, continuously seeking

ance and direction that is needed. Now needed the car the next morning for the physical and emotional comforts

I know in a small way why this is so her church assignment and was wonof life and being so dissatisfied with significant as I attempt to relate to you dering what arrangements could be made anything else that we permit ourselves a few of the inner feelings of my heart in order that we both might meet our to forget our blessings and responsiconcerning this great gospel of Jesus appointments. When the problem was bilities, to forget the Lord and his love

Christ. I was deeply touched by the finally solved, it was three o'clock, and for us and his willingness to help us in

message of our prophet this morning as when, shortly after, the alarm rang at our pursuit of life and happiness. "For

he conveyed to us the inner feelings of five, you can imagine how I felt. After what shall it profit a man, if he shall

his heart, acquired through not only such a night I was getting up on the gain the whole world, and lose his own many years of experience but also wrong side of the bed, and my attitude soul?"(Mark 8:36.)

knowing and loving people and being was not the kind that should be taken Someone has said, "Life is of value in constant tune with the living God. into a class of religion. only when it has something valuable as

Have you ever noticed that whenever And then it happened—the little its objective."What objective? The

a person seems out of sorts or somewhat thing that changed the gloom of the Lord through the Prophet Joseph

DECEMBER 1964 1051 Smith told David Whitmer, one of the ber, thinking as a soldier during World we, can in reality inherit eternal life.

three witnesses to the Book of Mormon, War II what a tragedy that so much How grateful I am this morning for that eternal life was the greatest of all destruction, pain, and suffering had to the testimony I have of the gospel of the gifts of God. (See D&C 14:7.) exist in a world that had achieved such Jesus Christ and the meaning and

What better objective is there than brilliance in so many fields, for inunderstanding that this gives me that this for our lives? Knowing this to be stance, the sciences. I can't help reGod really lives, that Jesus is the Christ,

true as I do through personal testicalling the magnificent M-l rifle that that the Prophet Joseph Smith was called mony, I would like to speak especially was placed into my hands when I was an and ordained of God to establish again to you young people who are in the viinfantryman and how grateful I was for his Church in these latter days, and to tal planning stage of your lives, and to the protection it gave me. The brilliance have the full assurance and knowledge

those parents and teachers who guide that went into creating this weapon of that David O. McKay is a living prophet

you, about the importance of properly war is outstanding, and yet its utilizaof the Lord. And while I have been a

focusing your values. We all, as well tion was a sad commentary on life, for member of this Church all my life, I

as you, yourselves, want the best for many times I was required in the dehave had that glorious opportunity of you now and forever. The best is a fense of this country to pull the trigger standing in his presence and having

knowledge of and love for our Heavto take the life of a fellow human being spirit touch spirit, giving me the comenly Father and his Son Jesus Christ because of this very thing that our beplete verification that these things are and a life of happiness here on earth loved prophet has indicated to us in his true. I bear you my witness humbly

that will eventually lead you to the deeditorial. and gratefully in the name of Jesus

sired objective of eternal life. How do Robert A. Millikan, himself a reChrist. Amen.

we determine the values that will acnowned scientist, has said this about complish this? Through religion which his own field: "Science without religion

encompasses all the principles that obviously may become a curse rather give us strength, determination, and than a blessing to mankind. But science

faith to push forward. Living as we do dominated by the spirit of religion is

today in a world that seems to be bethe key to progress and the hope of the coming more godless by the moment, future."(Cited idem.) This suggests

an occasional or even weekly visit to that scientific leaders of the future, as church is not often enough to gain us well as leaders in all fields, will need the knowledge we need. Religion must spiritual understanding and training.

be a daily affair, entering into every Third, youth need religion to satisfy

It soul. existence. to prothe of the innate longing "Man,"of our wasphase spiritIN SEARCH said, this exposure daily President education "is a hasvide and McKay

to religion that the seminaries, instiual being, and sometime or another OF TRUTHtutes of religion, and church colleges every man is possessed with a longing, were established, and this is why they an irresistible desire to know his relashould play such an important role in tionship to the infinite. He realizes that Thomas S. Monson

the lives of you young people today. he is not just a physical object that is Of the Council of the Twelve

Today more than ever before our to be tossed for just a short time from youth need religion. Some years ago bank to bank, only to be submerged fiMy brothers and sisters, the responsiour beloved Prophet David O. McKay in nally in the everflowing stream of bility of standing before you humbles

an editorial gave a number of reasons life. There is something within him me, and I sincerely seek an interest in

for giving proper religious training to which urges him to rise above himyour prayers that I might have the help our youth. I'd like to refer to three of self, to control his environment, to of the Lord.

his points: master the body and all things physiThis morning as Sister Monson and I

First, he said, "Youth need religion to cal and live in a higher and more beaudrove down here to this beautiful Tabermaintain a proper equilibrium during tiful world."nacle, I heard a familiar sound. I heard

the formative period of their lives."He goes on to give three great needs a school bell ring, and I saw scores of

(Treasures of Life, p. 493.) Young associated with the spiritual urge which boys and girls of every age hurry this

people tend to be impetuous and somehave been felt throughout the centuway and scurry that way to the classtimes, in trying to formulate their conries: "1. Every normal person yearns rooms of learning. They were in search

clusions, have a tendency to look upon to know something of God. What is he of truth. This is the season of the year,

parents as oldfashioned, but they give like? Is he interested in the human too,, when the colleges and universities

confidence to others who seem to be family or does he disregard it entirely? throughout the land open wide their

leading them into new realms and 2. What is the best life to live in this doors that eager students might conhigher planes. Now when, under these world in order to be most successful tinue this search for truth. Their teachers

conditions, the young person receives and to get the most happiness? 3. What and scientists of all fields pursue

something which seems to conflict with is that inevitable thing called death? their constant labor of studying, experihis previous notions of religion and What is beyond it? If you want your menting—ever continuing this same

right, he is likely to be swayed beyond answer to these longings of the human search.

his proper equilibrium. Youth today soul, you must come to the Church and Is the search for truth really this imare thinking more than ever before, come often to get it."(Ibid., pp. 495portant? Is it so vital? Must it span the

and they need to have a daily influence 496.) ages of time, encompass every field of

which will keep them in proper balance. Youth need religion. The world endeavor, and penetrate every human

Second, President McKay said, needs it—in fact, it is the world's heart? President David O. McKay has

"Youth should have religion in order greatest need. It is my humble prayer said, "Fortunately, there is a natural

to stabilize our society."(Ibid., p. 495.) that you young people everywhere, feeling which urges men and women toIt was Goethe who observed that "The along with your parents, will see the ward truth. It is a responsibility placed

destiny of any nation at any given time need for constant, daily exposure to upon mankind."

depends on the opinion of its young religious education and that you will Even the law of the land jealously men under five and twenty."(Cited support it with interest and enthusisafeguards the principle of truth. In

idem.) Speaking of the need of staasm. By keeping your energies and our courts of law, before a witness takes

bility in our society makes me rememvalues properly focused, you, as well as the stand to testify, he is placed under

1052 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA truth between ". oathsolemn

"... that which give toare about.....the testimonyis the truth,you exchangesPerhaps ofonequestionof the mostand answersignificantochowand errorwe mightwhendistinguishhe said:

the whole truth and nothing but the curred when Jesus was taken before doth not edify is not of God, and is.""Art Master, Pilate. the asked Pilatetruth,

... "That"which is of God is light;..."answered,? Jesus Thou thou a king captured the real significance The. poet.

of the search for truth when he wrote sayest that I am a king. To this end was (D&C 50:2324.)

these immortal lines: I born, and for this cause came I into the Recently, I attended a large youth

"... say, what is truth? world,the truth.that EveryI shouldonebearthatwitnessis of untothe conferenceada. A partat ofEdmonton,the conferenceAlberta,wasCan-a

prize brightest theTis the young where meeting testimony men 18:37.) voice."heareth (John truth my

aspire; or can mortals Gods whichTo the express could young and women today? of the heard voice Lord Is the

it glitterin depths the where searchGo heart. of feelings the it to your does man? Can come How

lies ing standSaskatchewan, shy from boy voice? his A for guided truth by be search

skies. loftiest in to pursuit the ascendOr audience imposing ing before an such the as always when Today, mine? Can

desire. for noblest the'Tis an aim I first said, attended "Before for time, the earth, is the of Christ true on Church

I say, 'I this could conference youth prophet. a at its there head stands And *****

I received is true.'the gospel think Then to of the Lord came just as the voice what is truth?"Then say,

'Tis the last and the first, Jeremiah, Ezekiel, and Isaiah, it has instruction, participated in the activiFor the limits of time it steps o'er. likewise come to latterday prophets. ties, and felt of the spirit of all of you.

Though the heavens depart and the "Surely the Lord God will do nothing, earth's fountains burst, but he revealeth his secret unto his

Truth, the sum of existence, will weather servants the prophets."(Amos 3:7.)

the worst, Do we need a prophet today? Does

Eternal, unchanged, evermore."God regard his children today as dearly

(John Jaques, Hymns, p. 143.) as he did when Amos, Jeremiah, and

Ezekiel were on the earth? One of the

The Prophet Joseph Smith received foremost educators in America, Dr.

the definition of truth in a revelation Robert Gordon Sproul, described the from the Lord at Kirtland, Ohio, May need in these words: "We have the pe-

6, 1833. "... truth is knowledge of culiar spectacle of a nation, which to a

things as they are, and as they were, limited extent, practices Christianity and as they are to come...."(D&C without actively believing in Christian93:24.) ity. We are asked to turn to the church

Preceding almost every declaration of for enlightenment, but when we do we eternal truth has been a universal quesfind that the voice of the church is not tion; for instance, what man has not inspired. The voice of the church today

asked himself as did Job of old, "If is the echo of our own voices. And the Robert Sylvester, Port Orchard, Wash-

a man die, shall he live again?..."result of this experience already manifest ington, agegroup MIA assistant super-

(Job 14:14.) And what man has not is disillusionment. The way out is the intendent.

found comfort in the answer which the sound of a voice, not our voice, but a angel gave to Mary Magdalene and voice coming from somewhere not ourToday, at the conclusion of these inMary, the mother of James, when they selves in the existence of which we canspired events, I proudly, yet humbly, approached the tomb to care for the not disbelieve. It is the task of the pastors declare 'I know the gospel is true.'"He

body of the Master. He said, "Why to hear this voice, cause us to hear it had been edified. He had been enlightit says. tell If they cannot the us living dead? the and what seek among ye truth. ened. the found He had

..."it if fail is risen: to tell here, it or they hear but is not us what "He I visited Fair at the World's In July

(Luke 24:5-6.) says, we as laymen are wholly lost. New York City. I found the fair most

Thousands of honest, searching souls Without it we are no more capable of interesting and took special note of continue to be confronted by that penesaving the earth than we were capable of the religious exhibits. At the Mormon

trating question which coursed through creating it in the first place."Pavilion I sat by an alert young man

the mind of Joseph Smith as he surveyed From still another field of endeavor, of perhaps thirtyfive years. We spoke

the declarations made by the churches Sir Winston Churchill described the about the other exhibits at the fair. Then

of his community concerning who was need: "I have lived perhaps longer exthe lights dimmed. The picture, "Man's

right and who was wrong. Joseph said: perience than almost anyone and I Search for Happiness,"commenced. At

"In the midst of this war of words and have never brooded over a situation the conclusion of this portrayal of the tumult of opinions, I often said to mywhich demanded more patience, complan of salvation, the lights again self:... Who of all these parties are posure, courage and perseverance than brought the present to our view. The

right;... If any one of them be right, that which unfolds itself before us tocrowd silently filed out, some stopping

which is it, and how shall I know it? day—the need of a prophet."to wipe a tear from a moist eye. Others

"... I at length came to the determiHow grateful we should be that revewere visibly impressed. My visitor did

nation to 'ask of God,'..."(Joseph lation, the clear and uncluttered channel not arise. I asked if he enjoyed the film.

Smith 2:10, 13.) He prayed. The results of truth, is still open. Our Heavenly He answered, "This is the truth."One

of that prayer are best described in Father continues to inspire his prophman's search for truth had just ended.

Joseph's own words: ets. This inspiration can serve as a For those who humbly seek, there is

"... I saw two Personages, whose sure guide in making life's decisions. It no need to stumble or falter along the

brightness and glory defy all description, will lead us to truth. pathway leading to truth. It is well

standing above me in the air. One of You do not find truth groveling marked by our Heavenly Father. We

them spake unto me, calling me by through error. Truth is found by searchmust first have a desire to know for ourname and said, pointing to the other ing, studying, and living the revealed selves. We must study. We must pray.

This is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"word of God. We learn truth when we We must do the will of the Father. And

(Ibid., 2:17.) Joseph listened. Joseph associate with truth. We adopt error then we will know the truth, and the

learned. His question, "What is truth?"when we mingle with error. truth will make us free. Divine favor

was answered. The Lord instructed us concerning will attend those who humbly seek it.

DECEMBER 1964 1053 One week ago last Wednesday I was driver, John was not at fault for the privileged to set apart William Agnew crash when a drinking driver left both for his mission. I reviewed with him his cars junk and two loved ones mangled

conversion and that of his family, some and lifeless.

five years ago in eastern Canada. The When the bodies of his beloved Mary

family had been seeking truth. The and sweet little Alice had been buried

missionaries called and presented the Friday Afternoon Session, with all solemnity and every tender teachings of the gospel. The members of October 2, 1964 affection, John found his life lonely

the family studied. They loved what indeed. The nights were so long, the

they learned. They were approaching the house so empty, the days so barren,

decision to be baptized. One Sunday life so vain and desolate. He devotedmorning the family, by previous apSO LONG himself to his work and to his other

his to attend the preparing children, to have but world were seemedpointment, AS YOU BOTH School. and hillside in grave. Mother been buried a Sunday"Mormon"

circle but themselves the table readied childrenthe At the was incomSHALL LIVE plete. places. disappointed vacant were two There Dad concludedwere when

not to attend. They even argued someSocial life had no interest for him.

what about the decision. Then Mother Spencer W. Kimball No one knew how he suffered. No one

and the children went to Sunday School, Of the Council of the Twelve knew how his heart ached. His

and Dad angrily stayed at home. He first thoughts were constantly of Mary,

attempted to forget the misunderstandMay I preface my talk with a parable. his companion, his beloved, the mother

ing by reading the newspaper, but to no "Then shall the kingdom of heaven be of his children. When he returned from

avail. Then he went to his daughter likened unto a certain man..."(See his work, it seemed she should be there

Isabelle's room and turned on the radio Matt. 20:1.) to slip into his arms; when he awakened

which occupied her night stand, hoping John and Mary were married by in the morning, it seemed he could not to hear the news. He didn't hear the their bishop in his palatial home, and get over expecting to find her by his

news. Rather, he heard the Tabernacle the ceremony included the phrase, "so side. His first and last conscious

Choir. Elder Evans'message, it seemed, long as you both shall live."Relatives thoughts were of Mary.

was directed personally to him. Brother and friends exclaimed, "What a handThen this night came the dream, or

Agnew realized the futility of his anger. some, promising couple!"Life seemed to was it a dream, for he seemed to be

He was now overpowered by a feeling offer everything two delightful people so much awake. Unlike hundreds of

of gratitude for the message he had just could hope for. his other dreams which had faded 'into

received. When his wife and family reIt was a civil ceremony, but they oblivion with the coming of the dawn,

turned home, they found him pleasant promised themselves that they would this impressive one lingered all the day.

and happy. His children asked how this soon get their house in order and go to It seemed he was in a world where

change had come about. He told them the Lord's temple to have their marhe had never been before. He was

how he had turned on the radio, hoping riage eternalized. They loved each looking through a wide, heavy, open

to get the news, only to be humbled by other intensely. They had some knowlgate leading into a beautiful area in

the message of the choir in word and edge of and faith in the principle of which the central figures were a song. His daughter said, "Which radio eternal marriage, but carelessness in woman and a little girl. Gradually, he

did you use, Dad?"He answered, "The their pattern of living and bad habits became conscious of their identity, and

one on your night stand."She replied, precluded their conscientiously asking he felt a warm glow as he recognized

"That radio is broken. It hasn't played the bishop for a recommend to enter the little Alice with her mother. Mary was

for weeks."He led them to the room sacred precincts of the temple. more lovely than ever; her charm and

to prove that this radio did indeed Time passed. Children came. John beauty had been accentuated. She was

function. Hadn't he just heard the choir was active in community life. His captivating, heavenly, and as both his

and a message that had inspired and pleasing personality made him many loved ones smiled and beckoned to him, humbled him? He turned the proper friends. Mary grew more lovely as he wanted, oh, how he wanted, to go to

dial. But that radio didn't play. Yet the children came, and sweet motherthem. They seemed anxious that he

when an honest seeker after truth needed hood and wifehood expanded her vijoin them. He tried to go to them, but

the help of God, that radio did play. sion and enlarged her soul. The love he could not seem to move, and as he

The message which led to conversion she bore for her husband grew construggled it appeared that the great was received. Needless to say, the family stantly, and as their lives grew togates were closing. Mary and Alice

became stalwart members of the Church. gether, she came to realize how she seemed conscious of this also and beckThere will be those who doubt, who wanted him forever. She came to sense oned frantically, but he was powerless

scoff, who ridicule, who scorn. They will her predicament. Shadows gathered. to do that which at this moment he

turn from the pathway leading to eterHe was not religiously inclined, he said; wanted so much to do. The movement

nal truth and rather travel the slippery some day he would move toward the of the gates was almost imperceptible, slopes of error and disillusionment. temple. but the aperture was definitely narBut to those who honestly seek, those She took some part in church acrowing. He tried desperately but futo whom so much has been given, to tivity but when there came conflict tilely to reach them. If he could but

the faithful, the Lord our God has between church service and his Sabbath join them! They, too, were eager for

promised: interests, she felt that she should be reunion. He caught a final glimpse

"For they that are wise and have rewith her husband—she loved him so and saw terror registered on Mary's

ceived the truth, and have taken the very much. The children grew and face as she, too, must have realized

Holy Spirit for their guide, and have not were happy in the Church until teenthat the door was nearly closed. As

been deceived-—verily I say unto you, age activities brought carefree, leithe lock clicked, it was like thunder

they... shall abide the day."(Ibid., surely Sabbaths—rides, dates, skiing in his sensitive ears, and he felt he

45:57.) and they also began to bypass their would give anything, everything, even

May we be wise; may we persevere in religious duties. life itself to see her again, to be with

search of truth and always take the Holy One day the clouds lowered, and her again, to have her always with

Spirit for our guide, I pray in the name trouble came. It was on one of those him.

of Jesus Christ. Amen. Sunday canyon picnics. An excellent The alarm clock clanged. He was

1054 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA back in the world. Ah! It was only a earth this day are thirteen holy strucThe husband died leaving no posterdream! Or was it? Had he missed the tures built to this special work of the ity, and the wife married his brother

mark? Had the great door really Lord, and each is the "House of the who also died without seed. She in turn

slammed shut? Had he lost his loved Lord."In these temples, by duly conmarried a third brother, a fourth, a

companion forever because he had failed stituted authority, are men who may fifth, a sixth, and a seventh, all in to meet requirements? seal for all eternity, husbands and accordance with the law of Moses, and

And, we sadly recall the couplet, wives and their children. This is a then the woman of the seven husbands

"... of all sad words of tongue or pen, fact even though unknown to the died also. Now the frustrating quesThe saddest are these, 'It might have masses, and it is available as folks tion is:

been!'"(Whittier, Maud Muller.) acquaint themselves with the need. "In the resurrection therefore, when

May I address my remarks to the This is one of the mysteries spoken of they shall rise, whose wife shall numerous happily married couples by the Redeemer, who taught the mulshe be of them? for the seven had her

who were united for the relatively titude in parables, saying: to wife."(Mark 12:23.) The Redeemer's

short period of time as stated by the "... I will open my mouth in paraanswer was clear and concise and unbishop, "so long as you both shall bles; I will utter things which have mistakable:

live,"and to those millions of wellbeen kept secret from the foundation "Do ye not therefore err, because ye adjusted couples in the world who were of the world."(Matt. 13:35.) know not the scriptures, neither the

united by their ministers, priests, rabThese priceless truths are not underpower of God."(Ibid., 12:24.)

bis, or other prelates for the period stood by the casual reader of the scripAnd now, we ask you, what does stated "until death do you part."tures: this mean? The Sadducees were dis-

I plead with you peaceloving, sin- "For what man knoweth the things cussing matters about which they knew cere, but uninformed couples who love of a man, save the spirit of man which little or nothing. Was there accusation

your companions and children, but who, is in him? even so the things of God in his voice? Was he saying to the

in your vaunted false security, permit knoweth no man but the Spirit of God."Sadducees, "Open your blind eyes and

the days to pass, and the months and (1 Cor. 2:11.) see? Open your stony hearts and unthe years without protecting your pre- "But the natural man receiveth not derstand?"

cious marriages against sure dissoluthe things of the Spirit of God: for My friends, do you understand the

tion, when certain efforts and activthey are foolishness unto him: neither implications and truth of this stateities could preserve through eternity can he know them, because they are ment of the Lord? Though somewhat

your warm and pleasant family respiritually discerned."(Ibid., 2:14.) veiled in scripture, it is clear and unlationships. It is inconceivable that otherwise inderstandable when supported by mod-

A few of you know the requirements telligent, astute, and highly educated ern revelation.

but have ignored or rejected them. The people should ignore or wilfully disreDr. James E. Talmage writes: "The

great majority of you have never known gard this great privilege. The doors Lord's meaning was clear, that in the

the facts, so veiled in mystery they can be unlocked. The gap can be resurrected state there can be no question

have been, and so long absent from the bridged. And men can walk safely, seamong the seven brothers as to whose

earth, and so little understood even by curely to neverending happiness, makwife for eternity the woman shall be,

Bible students. ing their marriages timeless and eternal. since all except the first had married her

These are absolute facts: Explaining the use of parables, the for the duration of mortal life only....

Life is eternal. Death does not terSavior said: In the resurrection, there will be no

minate the existence of man. He lives "Because it is given unto you to know marrying nor giving in marriage; for all

on and on. Man will be resurrected the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, questions of marital status must be setwhether good or evil. His spirit will but to them it is not given."(Matt. tled before that time, under the authority

be reunited with his body from the 13:11.) of the Holy Priesthood, which holds the

grave, and if he has perfected his life "For this people's heart is waxed power to seal in marriage for both time and magnified his Godgiven opportunigross, and their ears are dull of hearand eternity."(]esus the Christ, p. 548.)

ties, that spirit and body will be ing, and their eyes they have closed; Undoubtedly, the first husband marbrought together in a new, fresh, neverlest at any time they should see with ried the woman for eternity by a cereending immortality. their eyes, and hear with their ears, mony which was not limited by time.

The greatest joys of true married and should understand with their She became a widow at his demise life can be continued. The most beautiheart, and should be converted, and I until she should also die and join her

ful relationships of parents and chilshould heal them."(Ibid., 13:15.) husband. Now, she married brother

dren can be made permanent. The holy And then speaking to those disciples number two, "until death do you part,"

association of families can be neverwho were near him and who underand it definitely parted them even beending if husband and wife have been stood, he said: fore posterity, and he went into the

sealed in the holy bonds of eternal mat- "But blessed are your eyes, for they spirit world through the veil and with rimony. Their joys and progress will see: and your ears, for they hear. no wife, for their contract also had

never end, but this will never fall into "For verily I say unto you, That been terminated by death. And brothplace of its own accord. many prophets and righteous men have ers number three and four and five and

The way is welldefined and clear. desired to see those things which ye six and finally number seven in turn

Eternal marriage was known to Adam see, and have not seen them; and all married her in temporary marriage,

and others of the prophets, but the to hear those things which ye hear, in which ceremonies were the limitaknowledge was lost from the earth for and have not heard them."(Ibid., 13: tions, "so long as you both shall live."

many centuries. God has restored the 1617.) And death terminated what happitruths and has provided the way. With The Lord knew that those who were ness they had had and their promise of

the restoration of the gospel came also sincere in heart and who really wished future bliss.

the genuine priesthood, and God has to know the mysteries of the kingdom How sad! How gloomy!

given to his prophet all keys, powers, would seek and search prayerfully until I knew of one young couple whose and authorities held by Adam and Abrathey informed themselves. promising marriage was ended by a

ham and Moses and the earlyday It will be remembered how the Lord car crash one hour after the ceremony

Apostles. answered the hypocritical Sadducees which included those perilous words,

God has restored the knowledge of who, trying to trap him, propounded "till death do you part."

temples and their purposes. On the this difficult problem: Civil marriage is an earthly contract,

DECEMBER 1964 1055 completed in the death of either party. wife in the world, and he marry her

Eternal celestial marriage is a sacred not by me nor by my word, and he covenant between man and woman, concovenant with her so long as he is in secrated in the holy temple by servants the world and she with him, their coveof God who hold authoritative keys. nant and marriage are not of force

It bridges death; it includes both time when they are dead, and when they are

and eternity. out of the world; therefore, they are not

The Apostle Paul told the Corinbound by any law when they are out of thians: the world."(Ibid., 132:15.)

"If in this life only we have hope in "I am the Lord thy God; and I give

Christ, we are of all men most miserunto you this commandment—that no

able."(1 Cor. 15:19.) man shall come unto the Father but by

And we could paraphrase it to say: me or by my word, which is my law,

"If in this life only our marriages saith the Lord."(Ibid., 132:12.)

are firm, our marital bliss real, and Leo Kinsman of Garden Grove 2nd He then reiterates that: "...

our family life happy, we are of all (California) Ward bishopric and Agnes everything that is in the world, whether men most miserable."Kinsman, Improvement Era director. it be ordained of men, by thrones, or

Paul continues, "There are also ceprincipalities, or powers, or things of lestial bodies, and bodies terrestrial: the priesthood [meaning the new and name, whatsoever they may be, that

but the glory of the celestial is one, everlasting covenant of marriage]; are not by me or by my word, saith the

and the glory of the terrestrial is "And if he does not, he cannot obLord, shall be thrown down, and shall another. tain it. not remain after men are dead, neither

"There is one glory of the sun, and "He may enter into the other, but in nor after the resurrection, saith the another glory of the moon, and another that is the end of his kingdom; he Lord your God."(Ibid., 132:13.)

glory of the stars: for one star difcannot have an increase."(Ibid., 131: How final! How frightening! Since

fereth from another star in glory. 2-4.) we know well that mortal death does

"So also is the resurrection of the The Lord then further clarifies the not terminate our existence, since we dead...."(Ibid., 15:4042.) eternal marriage: know that we live on and on, how devPaul understood, as undoubtedly "All covenants, contracts, bonds, obastating to realize that marriage and

did many of the Saints, but millions of ligations, oaths, vows, performances, family life, so sweet and happy in so

Christians today do not understand connections, associations, or expectamany homes, will end with death bethese vital truths which have been tions, that are not made and entered cause we fail to follow God's instrucveiled in parabolic language. Heaven into and sealed by the Holy Spirit of tions or because we reject his word

is not a single place nor one single promise, of him who is anointed, both when we understand it.

condition. It is as diverse as men's as well for time and for all eternity, It is clear in the Lord's announcebehavior patterns are different, for... are of no efficacy, virtue, or force ment that righteous men and women

men will be judged "according to their in and after the resurrection from the will receive the due rewards of their deeds done in the flesh."dead; for all contracts that are not deeds. They will not be damned in the

In our modern revelation, the Lord made unto this end have an end when commonly accepted terminology but will said: "Therefore, prepare thy heart men are dead."(Ibid., 132:7.) suffer many limitations and deprivato receive and obey the instructions The marriages then which are made tions and fail to reach the highest kingwhich I am about to give unto you; for only "so long as you both shall live"or dom, if they do not comply. They beall those who have this law revealed "until death do you part"are sadly come ministering servants to those who

unto them must obey the same. terminated when the last mortal breath complied with all laws and lived all

"For behold, I reveal unto you a new is gasped. commandments.

and an everlasting covenant,.-./'The Lord is merciful, but mercy canHe then continues concerning these

(D&C 132:3-4.) not rob justice. His mercy extended to excellent people who lived worthily but

Though relatively few people in this us when he died for us. His justice failed to make their contracts binding:

world understand it, the new and everprevails when he judges us and gives "For these angels did not abide my lasting covenant is the marriage ordius the blessings which we have duly law; therefore, they cannot be enlarged,

nance in the holy temple by the propearned. but remain separately and singly,

erly constituted leaders who hold the "... no one can reject this covenant without exaltation, in their saved congenuine, authoritative keys. This and be permitted to enter into my dition, to all eternity; and from henceglorious blessing is available to men glory,"says the Lord. forth are not gods, but are angels of

and women on this earth. The deep "For all who will have a blessing God forever and ever."(Ibid., 132:17.)

underlying purpose is clarified by the at my hands shall abide the law which How conclusive! How bounded! How

Redeemer himself: was appointed for that blessing, and limiting! And we come to realize again

"And as pertaining to the new and the conditions thereof, as were instias it bears heavily upon us that this everlasting covenant, it was instituted tuted from before the foundation of the time, this life, this mortality is the time for the fulness of my glory; and he world."(Ibid., 132:4-5.) to prepare to meet God. How lonely

that receiveth a fulness thereof must A civil marriage may be performed and barren will be the socalled single and shall abide the law, or he shall by any of the numerous people approved blessedness throughout eternity! How

be damned, saith the Lord God."by laws of the respective countries, but sad to be separate and single and apart

(Ibid., 132:6.) the eternal marriage must be solemthrough countless ages when one could,

Paul spoke of telestial, terrestrial, nized by one of the few properly authby meeting requirements, have happy and celestial areas, and people are asorized. Christ says: marriage for eternity in the temple by

signed in accordance with their right- "Will I accept of an offering, saith proper authority and continue on in evereousness and their compliance with the Lord, that is not made in my name? increasing joy and happiness, growth

eternal laws. Even this celestial king- "Or will I receive at your hands and development toward Godhood.

dom has three heavens or degrees. We that which I have not appointed?"Listen to the Lord again:

quote our Lord further: (Ibid., 132:9-10.) "Verily, verily, I say unto you, ex-

"And in order to obtain the highest, It is the Redeemer who postulates: cept ye abide my law ye cannot attain

a man must enter into this order of "Therefore, if a man marry him a to this glory.

1056 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "For strait is the gate, and narrow I felt that they should be completely free the way that leadeth unto the exaltato make up their own minds about retion and continuation of the lives, and ligion, as I had been. While I did not

few there be that find it, because ye openly oppose their religious activity, I receive me not in the world neither do gave them no encouragement whatsoye know me. ever.

"But if ye receive me in the world, "My wife and I must have loved each then shall ye know me, and shall reother, but I confess, I gave little evidence ceive your exaltation; that where I am of it. I really considered that ours were

ye shall be also. two separate worlds; I had mine and she

"This is eternal lives—to know the and the children had theirs. I thoughtonly wise and true God, and Jesus THE INFLUENCE that when the boys were older, they

Christ, whom he hath sent. I am he. could join me in my activities. But untilReceive ye, therefore, my law. OF THE GOSPEL then they belonged in their mother's

"Broad is the gate, and wide the world. It was her duty to administerway that leadeth to the deaths; and ON THE FAMILY what discipline was necessary. I did not

many there are that go in thereat, bemeddle in her affairs, except occasionally cause they receive me not, neither President A. Theodore Tuttle when the situation needed my husbandly

do they abide in my law."(Ibid., 132: Of the First Council of the Seventy authority, and it usually did not take

2125.) me very long to settle that. Well,"he

If a man receives the Lord, he beMy dear brothers and sisters, the beauticoncluded, "that was what I called my lieves in him, lives his commandments, ful singing of this lovely chorus both this 'family life.'As I look back on it now,

and performs the ordinances which he morning and this afternoon has called it seems as though I were almost a has required. to mind a statement about music which stranger in my own house and a partAnd now, we return to John and the Lord made in section 25 of the time husband to my wife."

Mary and all the Johns and all the Doctrine and Covenants. He said: "For After such an admission, I pressed him

Marys who live together in peace and my soul delighteth in the song of the for a description of the changes that had joy, who love each other, who appreciheart; yea, the song of the righteous is lately occurred in his life. He gladly

ate spouses and love their children. a prayer unto me, and it shall be anexplained it this way: "While I was

Brothers and sisters and friends, are swered with a blessing upon their being taught the restored gospel, I did you willing to jeopardize your eterniheads."(D&C 25:12.) I pray that we not think that I could or would or even

ties, your great continuing happiness, all might be the "righteous"and rewanted to change my way of life. Only

your privilege to see God and dwell ceive the promised blessing of the Lord. after I began to study and pray did I

in his presence? For the want of inFor the past three years the fabric realize that a change would shortly be

vestigation and study and contemplaof our lives has been interwoven with inevitable.

tion; because of prejudice, misunderthe life and culture of the peoples of "At length I received a testimony that

standing, or lack of knowledge, are you South America. These are great counthe gospel of Jesus Christ had indeed

willing to forego these great blessings tries with tremendous potential for been restored and that there, is a living and privileges? Are you willing to bringing the abundant life to their peoprophet on the earth today. This was the

make yourself a widow for eternity or ple. The people are indeed a people of turning point. It was after my baptism

a widower for endless ages—a single, promise and destiny, and "their day"is that the changes really began to occur in

separate individual to live alone and near at hand. my, or more properly said, in our lives.

serve others? Are you willing to give We return at this conference time For somehow, now, the oneness that we

up your children when they die or when with a firmer conviction that God lives were supposed to have in our life and you expire, and make them orphans? and rules in the affairs of men and marriage actually became a reality. I

Are you willing to go through eternations and that he has not forsaken the think the reason was that I began to nity alone and solitary when all of the promise he has made concerning Zion understand the sacredness of marriage greatest joys you have ever experiand its people and its protection. and the need of honoring my marriage

enced in life could be "added upon"and During our sojourn in South America vows. In church I was taught the imaccentuated, multiplied, and eternalwe have witnessed some significant portance and joy of being faithful to my

ized? Are you willing, with the Sadchanges among both men and nations. wife and honorable and worthy before

ducees, to ignore and reject these great But of all of the changes that occur in my children. You know,"he said, "no

truths? I sincerely pray you stop today the lives of the people whom the gospel one ever told me before that I would

and weigh and measure and then touches, perhaps the greatest change ocfind joy in everyday living merely by prayerfully proceed to make your happy curs in the life and experience of the keeping the commandments of the Lord.

marriage an eternal one. Our friends, family—the basic unit in the Church I had been taught that our lot in this

please do not ignore this call. I beg of and society. life was sorrow and pain and poverty,

you, open your eyes and see; unstop A recent convert expressed it this way: that only in the next life would we find

your ears and hear. "Prior to the visit of the missionaries to the joy we longed for here.

An eternal marriage plus a worthy my home, I lived what I considered to "As we continued to attend the meetcontinuing consecrated life will bring be the normal role of a husband. I held ings of the Church, we learned the

limitless happiness and exaltation. a job and provided for my wife and practical application of active church

May I conclude with the words of children. When I came home from work, membership and how the principles of

the Lord of Hosts: I considered myself free from further theology actually find their expression

"I counsel thee to buy of me gold responsibility to them. If I wanted to in everyday life. And now,"he added,

tried in the fire, that thou mayest be stay home, I did. If I did not want to "we have plenty of opportunity to pracrich; and white raiment, that thou stay home, I did not. Usually it was the tice all of the virtues we were being

mayest be clothed, and that the shame latter. Much of my time was spent outtaught by accepting calls of service in

of thy nakedness do not appear; and side of the home. I considered it my the Church.

anoint thine eyes with eyesalve, that wife's responsibility to rear the children. "For the first time,"he continued,

thou mayest see."(Rev. 3:18.) She was to see to it that they were fed "I realized what my sons could become.

In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. and clothed and cared for. Occasionally I realized that they could be reared in

she would take them to her church, but the kind of atmosphere that produced

DECEMBER 1964 10S7 the missionaries who brought the gossource of light and truth. Jesus Christ is the actual Son of God,

pel to my home. So I set about to teach And yet, one cannot find the cause for that he is the head of this Church, that

my sons moral principles. I taught them this by looking at the unfolding of the he directs it through his chosen prophet

that it was wrong to lie, to swear, to flower; rather one must look to the and mouthpiece, President David O.

steal, to break any of the Ten Comsource of light which works the miracle McKay. I bear this witness humbly in

mandments. I taught them love of of growth and change. Indeed, it is the the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

neighbor, because now I understood its refulgence of the First Vision, the belief application. I taught them reverence for and acceptance of which touches the

sacred places and things. I now enspirit of man, and he responds to the

couraged them in their church activity. inspiration of the Almighty.

I taught them that religion was not just Family life changes, not because of for women, that character and faith in any outward conditions, but because of

God were the hallmarks of a real man. inner convictions. And those who look

We began to have fun together. I befor the reason for this change in outward

came a part of their world. I'm even evidences look in vain. It is not to be

beginning to speak and understand their found there. It lies not in the new

language. buildings being erected. It is not in the

"I cannot begin to tell you,"he said, schools we have built throughout the"all of the new things I have learned world. It is not found in the church DELIVERANCE

is. It is as it organization, perfect in a life since of not becomingabout member OF THE CAPTIVES or the the Primary, the purpose Reyouth program,this Church. know I now

of life. I know the way to eternal life lief Society where social and cultural

the teachings of the Church, even in a programs without peer are carried on. Theodore M. Burton

short time, have taught me that. Nor does it lie in the fraternity of the Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

"But it has been in our home that the priesthood quorums. Whoever looks for

major changes occurred. I go to work, as the key to change in the exterior maniNear the beginning of the ministry of

usual, but now I always come home. I festations looks in vain, as did Elijah. Jesus Christ, he came one day to the city

the of active in voice participant heard only an in our the Lord not Heam not of Nazareth where he had grown up as

I life, in of the also preside the in wind, earthquake,family but nor by right nor a lad. his custom the Sabbath on As was

holding the priesthood. And I think the fire, but in the still, small voice. day he went to the local synagogue to

I that exercischanges learning about power something a man's The am heart worship. read, he stood As up to he was

in inherent that distils the in testimony patience authoritying love and and is given the of Isaiah book from he which understanding. upon the souls of men, witnessing to read as follows:

this,"the First that of the believe Vision conthem he you won't boy "And Spirit of the Lord "The is upon God busier Prophettinued, Smith a though Joseph was indeed even "but I am the because dime; anointed Lord hath

than I ever was (I am presently a counvine reality. I quote a part of the Prophme to preach good tidings unto the

selor in the branch presidency), I seem et's marvelous vision. He said: meek; he hath sent me to bind up the

to have more time than ever before. "... I saw a pillar of light exactly brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to

Why, I even find myself occasionally over my head, above the brightness of the captives, and the opening of the helping my wife in the kitchen, and the sun, which descended gradually prison to them that are bound;

that's something I thought I'd never do. until it fell upon me. "To proclaim the acceptable year of

Knowing that the family unit is to be "It no sooner appeared than I found the Lord...."(Isa. 61:1-2.)

eternal has given me a completely new myself delivered from the enemy which Then he closed the book and sat down view of the importance and purpose of held me bound. When the light rested to speak. As all eyes were fastened upon

family life. upon me I saw two Personages, whose him to see what interpretation he would

"Well,"he concluded, and his eyes brightness and glory defy all description, give to these words, he said:

were moist with tears of gratitude, "perstanding above me in the air. One of "This day is this scripture fulfilled in

haps you can understand now why I them spake unto me, calling me by your ears.

am willing to serve the Lord, work in name and said, pointing to the other "And all bare him witness, and wonthe Church, help my fellow man, and This is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"dered at the gracious words which proshare the message that has brought such (Joseph Smith 2:1617.) ceeded out of his mouth."(Luke 4:21happiness to my life."Herein lies the key to improvement of 22.)

We have seen this change occur not the family. Herein lies the reason for I am interested in the words of Isaiah,

in just this one family but in literally expectation of success. Herein lies the or as Jesus gave them as quoted by Luke:

hundreds of families. In fact, the miscontribution of this Church to the world "... he hath sent me... to preachsionaries have told me that it is a—the ideal family. deliverance to the captives, and... to

common experience for them to notice I bear humble witness that God the set at liberty them that are bruised,"that the homes of the people they visit Father and his Son Jesus Christ actually (Ibid., 4:18.)

get cleaner each time they call to teach appeared to Joseph Smith the Prophet. Bible interpreters have said that the

them more about the gospel, and yet, I bear testimony that they live, that original words from Isaiah have referthey have said nothing about cleaning ence to the release of the Jewish captives the house. This is one of the miracles of from Babylon, but that Jesus applied

Mormonism. This and similar manithem to the release of sinners from the

festations occur continually. guilt and bondage of sin, through his

In Job we read: "... there is a spirit ministry. But was this Jesus'intent, and

in man; and the inspiration of the Alwhat sinners were held prisoners through

mighty giveth them understanding."the guilt and bondage of their sins?

(Job 32:8.) What the light of the sun I claim that Isaiah and Jesus were

is to the flower, causing it to unfold from speaking of specific prisoners as given in light, to of source thewithin and turn Carol Palmer, is light ofso the gospel soul to the president, man. mission Farmington,BYU student,Maine, youthand the"Andfollowingit shallquotationscome to passfrominIsaiah:that day,

It touches the inner life of man and Gary Thurman, assistant MIA superthat the Lord shall punish the host of without compulsion turns him to the intendent, Provo 8th Ward. the high ones that are on high, and the

1058 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA kings of the earth upon the earth. "But he was wounded for our transcount for the knowledge of Christian

"And they shall be gathered together, gressions, he was bruised for our iniquiteachings before the birth of Jesus Christ.

as prisoners are gathered in the pit, and ties: the chastisement of our peace was Knowing then that the gospel was

shall be shut up in the prison, and after upon him; and with his stripes we are preached by the prophets of old in

many days shall they be visited."(Isa. healed. anticipation of the coming of the Savior

24:2122.) "All we like sheep have gone astray; and that it is now preached in confirma-

"I the Lord have called thee in rightwe have turned every one to his own tion of his atonement, we can ask a eousness, and will hold thine hand, and way; and the Lord hath laid on him the pertinent question. What happened to

will keep thee, and give thee for a coveiniquity of us all. those who heard the gospel and rejected

nant of the people, for a light of the "He was oppressed, and he was afit, or, perhaps better said, who failed to

Gentiles; flicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he accept it while on the earth? What hap-

"To open the blind eyes, to bring out is brought as a lamb to the slaughter, pened to those who lived on the earth the prisoners from the prison, and them and as a sheep before her shearers is when through apostasy and wickedness that sit in darkness out of the prison dumb, so he openeth not his mouth."they never had a chance to hear the

house."(Ibid., 42:6-7.) (Ibid., 53:1-7.) gospel of Jesus Christ preached? What

There is no question but that Jesus Dare we say that the prophets did not happens to those we call heathens who was to be the Deliverer and that they know all about Jesus and his coming? never heard of Jesus Christ?

that sit in this prison were to be in the Did they not testify, often with their At the death of these people, who bonds of darkness, which must refer lives, of the divinity of God and urge never made a covenant to become the to spiritual darkness rather than to their hearers to turn to him and live? sons and daughters of Jesus Christ, their

political prisoners here upon the earth. Just as authority in the priesthood had spirits went to a spirit prison where

The work of Jesus definitely was not been given to Adam and his sons, the they were forced to wait until they could confined solely to those of his own patriarchs, so also were they given the be released. This Peter explained when

earthly generation who heard his principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ he told how Jesus went to minister voice in person as on this occasion and participated in the blessings and among those who were dead, for, as the when he spoke in the synagogue at ordinances and covenants that pertain scriptures inform us, Peter taught:

Nazareth. His work was a greater to exaltation in the acceptance of Jesus "And he commanded us to preach

work, a universal work, and applied not Christ as Lord and King. Only when unto the people, and to testify that it is

only to the whole wide world of those the people refused to accept this higher he which was ordained of God to be the then living, but also to all who ever priesthood and higher law at the time of Judge of quick and dead.

lived or ever would live upon this earth. Moses were they given the lesser priest- "To him give all the prophets witness,

One of the mistakes of Christendom hood and the lesser law which was to be that through his name whosoever betoday is thinking that Christ's ministry a taskmaster to lead them eventually to lieveth in him shall receive remission of began at the Meridian of Time followaccept Jesus Christ and the higher law sins."(Acts 10:4243. Italics added.)

ing his birth upon the earth. At the which he had given to the prophets of That this salvation through belief in

Meridian of Time he began his earth old and which he gave again in his Christ is open to the dead as well as ministry as he was born among men as earthly ministry. to the living is evident as Peter taught:

the Only Begotten Son of God in the Failure to understand the eternal and "For Christ also hath once suffered flesh. It is not generally understood that universal nature of the ministry of Jesus for sins, the just for the unjust, that he

Jesus was the Firstborn of the spirit Christ has caused considerable constermight bring us to God, being put to children of God and that as Jehovah, nation among students of divinity. With death in the flesh, but quickened by the

the Creator, he was the God of this earth the study of the mystery religions came Spirit:

before he became manifest in the flesh the knowledge that a virgin birth of "By which also he went and preached as Jesus Christ. He is the Eternal God a Redeemer and a death and resurrection unto the spirits in prison;

of this earth who gave his laws and of the same was claimed by several such "Which sometime were disobedient, commandments to the prophets of old religions hundreds of years before the when once the longsuffering of God before he came to earth as the Son birth of Jesus Christ. Baptism by imwaited in the days of Noah, while the

of Man. mersion was a fairly common ritual long ark was a preparing, wherein few, that

The principles of the gospel which before the coming of Jesus. The discovery is, eight souls were saved by water."

Jesus taught were eternal. They were of the manuscript rolls from the caves (1 Pet. 3:1820.)

given and taught to the prophets and at Qumran near Jerusalem brought to The reason for this Peter explained seers of old. They in turn preached and light teachings and practices later used as follows:

taught them to the people. of their day. in Christianity two hundred years before "For for this cause was the gospel

Did they not understand that the Rethe birth of Jesus Christ. This has led preached also to them that are dead, that

deemer would come? Wasn't Isaiah, for certain students of Christian religion to they might be judged according to men

example, a witness of the coming Lord deny the divinity of Jesus Christ. They in the flesh, but live according to God

as he proclaimed: have regarded him only as a great and in the spirit."(Ibid., 4:6.).

"Who hath believed our report? and gifted teacher who simply adopted and Thus, the redeeming power of Jesus

to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? adapted these thoughts and practices of Christ is made possible to every person

"For he shall grow up before him as the Essenes priests. So they claim he who ever lived or will live upon the

a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry established a new philosophy of the face of the earth. In view of the scripground: he hath no form nor comeliness; brotherhood of man based on these contural confirmation of this doctrine that

and when we shall see him, there is no cepts and in defense of which he even Christ did visit and minister among the beauty that we should desire him. gave his life as a martyr. spirits who had been disobedient and

"He is despised and rejected of men; Such denial of Jesus Christ as a divine who because of unpardoned sin were

a man of sorrows, and acquainted with being is the result of not understanding held in a spirit prison, we may well grief; and we hid as it were our faces the eternal nature of the gospel Jesus ask, what was the scope and purpose

from him; he was despised, and we estaught. If one understands that the gosof our Lord's ministry among them? His

teemed him not. pel was taught and practised vfrom the preaching was purposeful and positive,

"Surely he hath borne our griefs, and very beginning, one can understand how not to further condemn, but to bring carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem its doctrines and practices can be found relief and mercy. To them came the

him stricken, smitten of God, and afin apostate forms in the mystery reliRedeemer to open the way that leads flicted. gions of Greece and Egypt and can acto life. He came not to intensify their

DECEMBER 1964 1059 darkness and their grief, but to bring Savior, let us assist him by showing Belief in Christ is basic and fundarelief from despair and suffering. grace and mercy to those who sit in mental to the Christian faith. He is the

The most significant sacrifice of all, spiritual darkness waiting for us to turn one sure foundation. By him all things

the greatest work ever done for mankind the key in the lock of their prison door are, and upon him all things rest. As

and the turning point in the history of to bring them out into the light of Paul said: "... other foundation can

man, is the atonement of Christ, which spiritual day. Whether this work is no man lay than that is laid, which is

was a vicarious offering made by Jesus opening the door for the living or for the Jesus Christ."(1 Cor. 3:11.)

for us who were estranged from God. He dead, let us bear our witness by the But we deplore and are saddened by

gave his life voluntarily as a foreoractions we perform in testifying with the lack of unity among professing dained sacrifice that we might live our lives that God lives and that Jesus Christians, lack of unity as to his dieternally. This God accepted as a prois his Son who rose from the dead and vine sonship, his atonement and mispitiation for broken law and it is the lives today. This testimony I bear to sion and the gospel plan which bears

means whereby we as God's children you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. his name. One group of sincere and

may obtain salvation. devout persons believes one thing and

Through the ministrations of Jesus another group something else.

for us, we may pass by the angels and We look forward with hope, howregain the presence of God the Eternal ever, to an eventual day when honest

Father but only as we obey the ordimen among all nations shall know nances of the gospel. Paul taught: who Christ is, what his laws are, and

"For to this end Christ both died, what they must do to be saved in his and rose, and revived, that he might be kingdom.

Lord both of the dead and living."To aid these sincere seekers after

(Rom. 14:9.) spiritual certainty, may we testify to

How it is possible to save the dead the world of those things which have already departed from this earth is exbeen revealed to us concerning this plained greatest of all Lord our men—Jesus,for the dead: taking by Paul as he spoke of baptism "COME and Master. we begin by May

"Else what shall they do which are this statement of Paul about confessbaptized for the dead, if the dead rise not UNTO CHRIST"ing Christ, believing in his resurat all? why are they then baptized for rection, and consequently gaining salthe dead?"(1 Cor. 15:29.) President Bruce R. McConkie vation.

the It is evident gospel that must is says he be Of the First Council of the Seventy Here who a man spirit that in the world andpreached "all for that be has a message for vicarious for thoseprovisions work

I in "Paul, announces: Rome."all He to am invite come everywhere men We provided are been dead have mustwho of to Christ, called servant a be Jesus as Christ, the to Son accept unto himfor. of Christ of Jesus Church The I of apostle."gospel "the an bring reyou has to of laws obey the he God, is organizaSaints the onlyLatterday

is that gospel "Jesus God,"which this in thereby vealed, peace gaining actual earthtion confirms by which on Christ seed "the our both life Lord"to life was in salvation the eternal and ofpractice necessity administering the of flesh,"to the according and David come. for the claims deadbaptism and which

1: also of "the (See of Son testify God."Rom. Christ. in believe We We therefor. authoritydivine

1-7.) divine his President Sonship. McKay, rests responsibility the upon Thus,

for Paul, This speaks opened inspiring in who the man which message identify of to after seek usevery one and "... desire says: heart's then testified God, "Christ that conference, the my ancestors deceasedour had no who

is, that Israel for to prayer and of Righteousness the with God Son came gospel of of the hearingopportunity

Jesus Christ. After we have identified healing in his wings in the Meridian of they might be saved."(Ibid., 10:1.)

them, it is our privilege to go into the Time,"that "he is the true Light of He then reveals his fears that they says: salvation, gain not for he lives,"Prince that as "the may men's and vicariously performtemples of God and

"... they of not have reign but "shall a zeal of God, as King Peace"he for they ofthese ordinances them which

cannot perform for themselves. By these kings and Lord of lords."according to knowledge"(ibid., 10:2);

is, that of religion they a system of had as believe the Book Mormon We insacrifices part in small we participate ". other their in shall sought and there worship.. that be says, no way to Christ and redeeming power of Jesusthe

share with him the joy of doing somename given nor any other way nor God, but their course was not based on thing for others to prepare the way for means whereby salvation can come unto a knowledge of the truth.

them also to reach the presence of God the children of men, only in and And so, to chart the course which the Eternal Father. through the name of Christ, the Lord they and all men must follow to gain

statesalvation, this glorious 3:17.) Paul gave (Mosiah Omnipotent."is this that Malachi work important So

"... of shalt in ment: confess the language if thou again believe with We testified:the prophet

"... that salvathy shalt the Jesus, Lord mouth the of Mormon, Book and I reveal will you the unto "Behold,

Priesthood, by the hand of Elijah the tion was, and is, and is to come, in and believe in thine heart that God hath prophet, before the coming of the great through the atoning blood of Christ, the raised him from the dead, thou shalt and dreadful day of the Lord. Lord Omnipotent."(Ibid., 3:18.) be saved."(Ibid., 10:9.)

"... And he shall plant in the hearts We believe as John the Baptist said: Now, if we are to believe in Christ,

of the children the promises made to the "He that believeth on the Son hath we must know who he is and what it fathers, and the hearts of the children everlasting life: and he that believeth means to believe in him. True worship

shall turn to their fathers. If it were not not the Son shall not see life; but the presupposes that men know whom they

so, the whole earth would be utterly wrath of God abideth on him."(John worship and know how to worship.

wasted at his coming."(Joseph Smith 3:36.) Is he, as the Mohammedans say, one

2:3839. Italics added.) We believe in the language of Paul, of the prophets, but not the Son of

I pray that we may not waste our in- "That if thou shalt confess with thy God?

heritance on the earth by neglecting this mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt beIs he, as some professors of religion privilege of participating in the work of lieve in thine heart that God hath raised assert, a great moral teacher, but not redemption. As we are grateful for the him from the dead, thou shalt be the Savior and Redeemer?

redeeming grace of Jesus Christ our saved."(Rom. 10:9.) Is he, as some of old claimed, the car1060 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

penter's son, but not the promised Mesthe truth about Christ and the gospel. bear record of the Father and the Son.

siah? Thus, Christ and his prophets go to- "... no man,"Paul says, "can say that

Is he, as some creeds recite, an ingether. They cannot be separated. It Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy

comprehensible, incorporeal, uncreated is utterly and completely impossible to Ghost."(1 Cor. 12:3.)

spirit which fills immensity, but not the believe in Christ without also believing The world needs prophets today as areliteral offspring of that God in whose in and accepting the divine commismuch as it ever did—prophets who

image man is created? sion of the prophets sent to reveal him the Lord's agents, who stand as legal

Or is he, as we testify, the Son of and to carry his saving truths to the administrators with power like Peter's

God, the Firstborn in preexistence, world. to bind on earth and have their acts

the Only Begotten in the flesh, the No one today would say: "I will sealed eternally in the heavens; prophCreator and promised Messiah, the Rebelieve in Christ, but will not believe ets who speak for God, who reveal his

deemer and Savior who has manifested in Peter, James, and John and their mind and his will to the people; prophhimself in our day, and who will soon testimony of him."In the very nature ets who reveal and interpret the truths

return in glory to reign on earth a of things belief in Christ is more than about Christ our Lord and his gospel.

thousand years? accepting him as a single person standAnd thanks be to God, for through

How shall we know who or what ing alone, as one person independent his grace and goodness, prophets have

Christ actually is? of any other. Belief in Christ preagain been called to reveal anew, with

Paul answers this to the Romans by supposes and includes within it the power and conviction, the truths first saying: "... whosoever shall call acceptance of the prophets who reveal about Christ and salvation. As foretold

upon the name of the Lord shall be him to the world. and promised by the prophets of old,

saved"(ibid., 10:13) and by then askJesus said: "He that receiveth whomthe great era of restoration has coming four questions which grow out of soever I send receiveth me...."(John menced. Christ has again revealed himthis plea for men to approach their 13:20.) Also: "He that heareth you self from heaven; priesthood and

God: heareth me; and he that despiseth you keys have again been conferred upon

First: "How then shall they call on despiseth me;..."(Luke 10:16.) living Apostles; revelations, visions,

him in whom they have not believed?"To believe in Christ we must not miracles, and all the gifts and graces

(Ibid., 10:14.) Believe in God, that holy only accept the prophets who reveal enjoyed by the faithful of old are again

Being in whose image man is created. him, but we must also believe the scripoffered to those who will come unto

Second: "... how shall they believe tural accounts recorded by those proChrist, confess his holy name before

in him of whom they have not heard?"phets. Jesus said to a Book of Mormon men, and believe in their hearts that

(Idem.) The knowledge of God must prophet: "... he that will not believe God has raised him from the dead and

be revealed, the gospel taught. my words will not believe me—that I made him both Lord and King.

Third: "... how shall they hear am;... "(Ether 4:12), meaning that And so, as legal administrators auwithout a preacher?"(Idem.) Preachhe will not believe that I exist and am thorized so to speak, we invite all men

ers, Apostles, prophets, teachers, reprethe Son of God. everywhere to come unto Christ and be

sentatives of the Lord must do the Nephi, another Book of Mormon perfected in him, to deny themselves teaching. prophet, invited all men to "believe of all ungodliness, to accept him as the

Fourth: "... how shall they preach, in Christ.... And if ye shall believe Son of God, and to gain for themselves

except they be sent?"(Ibid., 10:15.) in Christ,"he said, "ye will believe in peace in this life and eternal salvation

Only those can preach and teach who these words [that is, in the Book of in the life to come. In the name of the

are actually called of God and sent Mormon account], for they are the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

forth by him. words of Christ, and he hath given

In other words, if we "call upon the them unto me;..."(2 Nephi 33:10.) #> i i

name of the Lord,"if we confess the But even the very scriptures themLord Jesus with the mouth, if we beselves can only be interpreted with lieve in our hearts "that God hath surety when the spirit of prophecy is raised him from the dead,"it is bepresent, as Peter said: "... no prophcause we first believe and accept the ecy of the scripture is of any private

testimony of the Apostle or prophet interpretation.

who is sent of God to give us the knowl- "For the prophecy came not in old edge of salvation. It is not the Lord's time by the will of man: but holy men

program to appear personally to every of God spake as they were moved by man and tell him what to believe and the Holy Ghost."(2 Peter 1:2021.)

how to act to be saved. In this, our Prophets gave the scripture, and

it. Holy men estate, must interpretsecond we are to walk by faith, prophets the FOLLOW COUNSEL revelation from of old received sight.not by

But it is the Lord's program to Holy Ghost, which they recorded as send legal administrators endowed with scripture; now men must have the same Bishop John H. Vandenberg

power from on high, to send prophets Holy Spirit to reveal what is meant Presiding Bishop and Apostles to teach his truths and by the scripture—otherwise there will

perform the ordinances of salvation. be a host of private interpretations "The backslider in heart shall be filled

Paul was one of these. Since he was and consequently many different and with his own ways:..."(Prov. 14:14)

sent to the Romans, that nation was disagreeing churches, which is preis a proverb credited to the ancient King required to accept him as an Apostle cisely the condition in the religious Solomon, who the Bible records was in order to accept Christ as the Savior. world today. "... wiser than all men;..."(1 Kings

If they believed in Paul's divine comAnd finally, to believe in Christ in 4:31.) It is assumed that Solomon in this

mission, they could then believe his the full and perfect and saving sense, proverb referred to those who had retrotestimony about Christ and the saving we must heed the testimony and accept gressed in their allegiance to God by truths of his gospel. If they believed the teachings of the Lord's prophets so failing to give heed to his counsel. Frein Christ and accepted him as the Son that we too may enjoy the promptings quently God has sent his prophets to

of God, they of necessity had to believe of the Holy Spirit and feel the spirit counsel his children in an attempt to that Paul was an Apostle, for he was of revelation in our own souls. The arrest them from their wrongdoing, their

the preacher sent to them to reveal Comforter is given to the Saints to backsliding, and to point the way to

DECEMBER 1964 1061 happiness and salvation. The task of ency to shun good counsel and instrucwhen his father passed away. This son,

persuading man from his carnal ways tion. Men do, in fact, set up barriers for whose name was Manasseh, became king

has always been an arduous struggle, as themselves, for they seem to want to and "... did that which was evil in the

evidenced by history. The inhabitants become laws unto themselves. Jacob sight of the Lord, after the abominations

of the earth seem eager to be filled with understood this when he warned, "... O of the heathen....

their own ways. Because of this the the vainness, and the frailties, and the "... he reared up altars for Baal,...

prophets have, from time to time, suffoolishness of men! When they are "... used enchantments, and dealt

fered much tribulation. learned they think they are wise, and with familiar spirits and wizards: he

Jeremiah was such a prophet. In his they hearken not unto the counsel of wrought much wickedness in the sight of

day he faced almost continuous opposiGod, for they set it aside, supposing they the Lord, to provoke him to anger.

tion and insult as he tried to stem the know of themselves, wherefore, their "... Moreover Manasseh shed innotide of idolatry and immorality among wisdom is foolishness and it profiteth cent blood very much,... [and] filled

the people. During his'lifetime he tried them not.... Jerusalem... in doing, that which was

to teach the multitude that true worship "But to be learned is good if they evil in the sight of the Lord."(Ibid.,

of Jehovah required more than devotion hearken unto the counsels of God."(2 21:2-3, 6, 16.)

to external forms of worship. His mesNephi 9:2829.) As one reviews this account, one wonsage was: One must live and dedicate Some years ago the MIA theme was, ders, would it not have been better for

oneself to keeping all of God's command- "... seek not to counsel the Lord, but Hezekiah to have submissively accepted

ments. At last, many, too blind to see to take counsel from his hand. For bethe Lord's first decree, "... Set thine

that they were heading for destruction hold, ye yourselves know that he counhouse in order; for thou shalt die,..."

and captivity and no longer of a mind to seleth in wisdom, and in justice, and (Ibid., 20:1.)

listen to Jeremiah, were the cause of his in great mercy, over all his works."Father Adam set us a splendid example

being stoned to death. His tragic death, (Jacob 4:10.) of following counsel. After Adam and

however, did not nullify or stay his There have been some noble men Eve were driven out from the Garden of decreed counsel, for soon the people who unwittingly sought to counsel the Eden, the Lord "... gave unto them

passed through all of the adversity that Lord. One such man was Hezekiah, king commandments, that they should worhe foretold would transpire if they did of Judah, who began to reign when he ship the Lord their God, and should

not repent of their evil ways. was twentyfive years old. The scriptures offer the firstlings of their flocks, for an

In contrast, in this same period we tell us that during his reign "... he did offering unto the Lord. And Adam was

learn of a refreshing episode wherein the that which was right in the sight of the obedient unto the commandments of the

Lord told the Prophet Jeremiah to go Lord,... Lord.

into the house of certain men called "He removed the high places, and "And after many days an angel of the

Rechabites and to invite them into the brake the images, and cut down the Lord appeared unto Adam, saying: Why

house of the Lord and give them wine groves, and brake in pieces the brasen dost thou offer sacrifices unto the Lord?

to drink. When wine was placed before serpent... for... the children of And Adam said unto him: I know not,

them, however, they refused to drink beIsrael did burn incense to it.... save the Lord commanded me.

cause their father had counseled them "He trusted in the Lord God of Israel; "And then the angel spake, saying:

never to drink wine. "Thus have we so that after him was none like him This thing is a similitude of the sacriobeyed the voice of... our father in among all the kings of Judah, nor any fice of the Only Begotten of the Father,

all that he hath charged us,..."that were before him. which is full of grace and truth."(Moses

(Jer. 35:8), they said. After these young "For he clave to the Lord, and de- 5:5-7.)

men had reaffirmed their steadfastness parted not from following him, but kept Our attitude should be one of submisin following the counsel of their father, his commandments, which the Lord siveness to all of God's commandments.

the Lord through his prophet procommanded Moses."(2 Kings 18:3-6.) We need not indulge in selfsophisti-

nounced upon them a special blessing. It is recorded that in about the cated reasoning to justify our compliance

He decreed that members of this family fifteenth year of Hezekiah's reign, with God's counsel. Our motivation

and their seed would always be num- "... Hezekiah [was] sick unto death. should be based upon a desire to serve.

bered among the righteous. And the prophet Isaiah... came to The late President Joseph F. Smith

The determination to follow good him, and said unto him, Thus saith the said if the President of the Church counsel, to obey divine law, is paraLord, Set thine house in order; for thou "... or somebody else gives counsel

mount for true success and happiness in shalt die, and not live. to some of our brethren, if it does not

life. In the era in which we live, as an- "Then he turned his face to the wall, suit them exactly, they will begin to

ciently, the Lord has sent us his prophets and prayed unto the Lord, saying, whine about it, and shed great crocodile and has reaffirmed the need to adhere to "I beseech thee, O Lord, remember tears, perhaps. I have heard of men

his precepts. The Prophet Joseph Smith, now how I have walked before thee in shedding tears because they had received

on April 2, 1843, said, "There is a law, truth and with a perfect heart, and have counsel from their brethren! And what

irrevocably decreed in heaven before the done that which is good in thy sight. is more, the men that shed tears and

foundations of this world, upon which..."(Ibid., 20:1-3.) mourn over having received a little

all blessings are predicated The Lord then spoke to Isaiah the counsel, are the kind that do not carry "And when we obtain any blessing Prophet and said to him, "... tell Hezeit out; or, if they do, they tell why they

from God, it is by obedience to that kiah... Thus saith the Lord,... did it—making somebody else responlaw upon which it is predicated."(D8tC I have heard thy prayer, I have v seen thy sible for their acts."(Conference Report,

130:2021.) Paralleling this revealed tears: behold, I will heal thee:... April 1899, p. 70.)

truth is the admonition: "And I will add unto thy days fifteen I believe that God wants his children

"... let every man learn his duty, years,..."(Ibid., 20:5-6.) to be happy and has charted the course

and to act in the office in which he is Thus the Lord granted Hezekiah's rethrough prophets for its attainment. I

appointed, in all diligence. quest to extend his life. This, no doubt, believe that true happiness will only

"He that is slothful shall not be was enjoyed by Hezekiah, for during come in this life by following his councounted worthy to stand, and he that these additional years he did many sel. As someone has said, "Doing the

learns not his duty... shows.himself things. But there was one unforeseen will of God leaves no time for disputing

not approved...."(Ibid., 107:99100.) occurrence that destroyed much of the about his plan."

It seems that one of the great weakgood he had accomplished. Hezekiah We can learn another lesson from an

nesses in man's character is the tendsired a son who was twelve years of age incident in the Old Testament concern1062 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing a captain in the Syrian army whose accomplishment; they simply followed being "... a setter forth of strange

name was Naaman. Syria's armies had the counsel given through the program. gods..."(Acts 17:18), still I feel someattacked ancient Israel, and Naaman He said further that "on this project, as what as did Peter and John when they

had brought as a captive an Israelite on many others, the Lord's hand has were commanded by the rulers of the maid who waited on his wife. been plainly manifested in procuring Jews not to preach or teach any more in

Naaman was a great soldier, but he materials and performing the work. the name of Jesus. You will remember

was afflicted with leprosy. The little These fine people can testify that the that they answered and said unto them,

Israelite girl told her mistress about the building program is inspired of God. "... Whether it be right in the sight

Prophet Elisha who could heal her The workmanship is excellent, the peoof God to hearken unto you more than husband. So Naaman went to the ple have grown spiritually, and there is unto God, judge ye.

Prophet Elisha, expecting a ceremonious a unity and oneness in the group, result- "For we cannot but speak the things reception. He was bitterly disappointed. ing from the united desire to follow which we have seen and heard."(Ibid.,

Elisha didn't even go to the door to direction."4:1920.)

greet him; instead, he sent a servant Likewise, all of us should be eager I have sought, and I now seek and

with a message saying: "... Go and to adopt and follow the suggested proinvite each of you to join with me in a

wash in Jordan seven times, and thy grams of the Church, for in this respect prayer for guidance and for communion flesh shall come again to thee, and thou we demonstrate our willingness to heed between the living and true God and shalt be clean."(2 Kings 5:10.) counsel. you and me that we may all be edified.

This made Naaman very angry. He I pray that we will continue to cultiThe church's doctrine of the living

was disappointed; he expected Elisha to vate a firm resolve, as demonstrated by and true God is based upon the experisatisfy his vanity with some ritual in Nephi when he declared, "... I will go ences and teaching of its prophet foundcalling upon the Lord. He then quesand do the things which the Lord hath er, Joseph Smith, Jun. Speaking on this

tioned indignantly: Why the river commanded, for I know that the Lord most important subject he once said:

Jordan? Are not there other rivers that giveth no commandments unto the chil- "... we know that there is a God

are better? He turned to go away sullendren of men, save he shall prepare a way in heaven, who is infinite and eternal,

ly. Whereupon his servant spoke to him for them that they may accomplish the from everlasting to everlasting the same

and said, "... if the prophet had bid thing which he commandeth them."(1 unchangeable God, the framer of heaven

thee to do some great thing, wouldest Nephi 3:7.) and earth, and all things which are in

thou not have done it?"This question In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. them;

cleared Naaman's thinking, and he re- "And that he created man, male and solved to follow the prophet's advice, * i female, after his own image and in his and he went down and dipped himself own likeness,...

seven times in the river Jordan. His "And gave unto them commandments

flesh came again like unto a little child, that they should love and serve him, and he was clean. Naaman went back to the only living and true God, and that

the Prophet Elisha, filled with gratitude, he should be the only being whom they and offered to pay him for making him should worship."(D&C 20:1719. Italics

whole. But Elisha knew it was by the added.)

power of God that Naaman was made This scripture was given in 1830. It is,

well and declined the gift. (See ibid., Saturday Morning Session, therefore, modern scripture. However,

5:13.) October 3, 1964 the teachings in it are not new. That

You can imagine the joy that Naaman there is a God in heaven who created and his family experienced as a result the heaven and the earth is taught in first first of the verse chapter of the the of following the counsel and direction of THE LIVING first Bible. he created in the prophet.the book That A few years ago, a bishop from a small AND TRUE GOD man, male and female, in his own image

agricultural town visited my office to is taught in the same chapter. That

arrange for the dedication of the meetMarion G. Romney men should love and serve him and

his conward. ouringhouse in During

toldversation he he was Of the Council of the Twelve thatthey heshouldshouldworshipbe theisonlythe beingsubstancewhomof when me that advised by the brethren to build a meetMy beloved brethren and sisters, seen the first of the Ten Commandments.

inghouse, he had many doubts, since it and unseen—for I include you all in "Thou shalt have no other gods before

was a small community with modest this salutation. I hope the Spirit will me."(Exod. 20:3.)

resources. He said, "I didn't have the bear witness that I mean it, for I know What is new and distinctive in this

slightest idea where the money was that we are all brothers and sisters. modern scripture is the knowledge

coming from, but following counsel, we Under the title "The Living and True claimed by Joseph Smith for himself and started, and the funds came and now God,"I purpose this morning to set for them for whom he spoke. "... we

we are ready to dedicate, having all forth the concept of God as known and know,"said he, "that there is a God in bills paid."Then he added, "And do taught by The Church of Jesus Christ heaven...."(D&C 20:17. Italics

you know, the tithing paid by those good of Latterday Saints. The fact that one's added.) In making this declaration the

Saints has increased over 600% during understanding of God is the basis of his Prophet spoke from personal experience.

the threeyear period!"I have never seen religion tends to make the subject itself Jesus had described God when he said

a person filled with more joy and satissomewhat controversial. This fact will, to Philip, "... he that hath seen me

faction than this good bishop, who I hope, to your satisfaction account for hath seen the Father"(John 14:9), and

simply followed counsel. any seeming intolerance in what I say. Paul confirmed this truth when he wrote

Recently a member of the church I don't want to be intolerant, and I to the Hebrews that Jesus was the express building committee told me about a visit don't think that I am. I do, however, image of his Father's person. (See Heb.

he had made to a new building project. earnestly desire to convey to you a clear 1:3.) The voice of God had been heard

This particular project had been comexplanation of the "Living and True at the baptism of Jesus. It had also been

pleted with such efficiency and order God."And, although I remember readheard by Peter, James, and John on the

that everyone viewed the achievement as ing of the furor raised by Paul when he Mount of Transfiguration. But it rean unbelievable feat. I was told that they attempted to do this same thing in mained for the boy Prophet Joseph

did nothing dramatic to bring about the Athens, and that they charged him with Smith to both see and hear him at the

DECEMBER 1964 1063 same time. This he did in the great vision such knowledge, one is assured that God, both he (Paul) and his hearers were the

which opened this last dispensation. although infinite and eternal, the framoffspring of God, in whom they lived

About the living and true God whom er of heavens and the earth and all and moved and had their being.

he saw and heard in that vision he things that in them are, being the posTo us it seems almost incredible that wrote: sessor of all power, all wisdom, and all in Paul's day men could have believed

"... I saw two Personages, whose understanding, being more intelligent that graven images of gold or silver or

brightness and glory defy all description, than all other beings, is, nevertheless, stone fashioned by men's device were standing above me in the air. One of an individual—an understanding, kind, gods. And yet, the evidence indicates

them spake unto me, calling me by and loving parent ready to hear and that many today are as far afield in their name and said, pointing to the other minister to the needs of his children—concepts and belief in God as were the

This is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"that he is not merely some unthinkable, Athenian philosophers and populace in

(Joseph Smith 2:17.) unknowable, indefinable, faroff, distant that day so long ago when Paul chided

Later the Prophet said of these two force. When one with such a knowledge them on Mars'hill about worshiping a

personages: "The Father has a body of prays, he knows that he is praying to god whom they admittedly did not know;

flesh and bones as tangible as man's; some one and not just to some thing. for instance (and now I cite these exthe Son also;..."(D&C 130:22.) For want of a knowledge of the true amples not by way of contention but to

The Prophet Joseph Smith learned and living God, this world is today illustrate how the concepts of men of the that the Father, whom he saw in the dying. And please do not be deceived. world differ from the true concepts of

Sacred Grove at Palmyra, New York, Such a knowledge is not widespread. It the living and true God), in a modern

in the spring of 1820, and of whom he is true that, in their great concern about book an eminent scientist, whose purpose claimed such certain knowledge in 1830, world conditions, men are almost franis altogether commendable, wrote the is the Father of the spirits of all men. tically proclaiming from the pulpit, book to prove that there is a God and in

This was made known to him in a revethe platform, over the air, and through that book appears this statement:

lation in which the Lord said that the the press that a return to God is the "Any effort to visualize God reveals inhabitants of the worlds, including this only way out of our difficulties. The a surprising childishness. We can no

earth, "... are begotten sons and daughtragedy is their cries, like Paul's trumpet more conceive Him than we can conters unto God."(Ibid., 76:24.) Through of uncertain sound, are unheeded. Now ceive an electron."(Lecomte de Nouy,

this and other modern revelation Joseph the obvious reason is that neither the Human Destiny, p. 188.)

came to fully comprehend what Paul And then to account for the birth and was talking about when he said to the development of moral man, the author

Hebrews: "... we have had fathers of says that he was forced, and I quote, to

our flesh which corrected us, and we admit "that the only possible logical gave them reverence: shall we not much interpretation of the facts coincided with

rather be in subjection unto the Father that which recognized the existence of of spirits, and live?"(Heb. 12:9.) God;... We therefore,"I continue to

This knowledge of God opened up to quote, "used the consecrated name

Joseph Smith, as it does to all of us, a (God), but avoided as much as possible vision with infinite promise. We all any anthropomorphic idea."(Ibid., pp.

know that like begets like and that for 201202.)

the offspring to grow to the stature Another writer says this: "Man makes

of his parent is a process infinitely reLeo A. Larson, Page, Arizona, stake God in his own image.... When man

peated in nature. We can therefore Sunday School superintendent, and wife believes that God is personal,"he says,

understand that for a son of God to grow Lillis, stake Junior Sunday School co- "he believes rightly. [But] to say that

to the likeness of his Father in heaven ordinator. God is 'a person'is no doubt an error."

is in harmony with natural law. We see (Maude Royden, The Garvin Lectures.

this law demonstrated every few years 1949, p. 45.)

in our own experience. Sons born to trumpeters nor the hearers know the These statements indicate that their

mortal fathers grow up to be like their God to whom we must return. They use authors and those who hold their views

fathers in the flesh. This is the way it the familiar term with which we are neither know nor believe in the living

will be with spirit sons of God. They all so well acquainted. But when they and true God preached by Paul and

will grow up to be like their Father in attempt to define the God to whom they Joseph Smith. Is it not a great tragedy

heaven. Joseph taught this obvious truth. would have us return, they reveal a for men today to be walking in suchAs a matter of fact, he taught that woeful lack of knowledge concerning darkness when they might be walking in

through this process God himself atthe living and true God. Frequently they the light if they would but look and

tained perfection. From President Snow's actually deny him. see? This situation brings to mind the

understanding of the teachings of the The present world situation is not Savior's statement: "The light shineth

Prophet on this doctrinal point, he unlike that which prevailed in Athens, in darkness, and the darkness comprecoined the familiar couplet: "As man is, as portrayed in Paul's great sermon hended it not;..."(D&C 88:49.)

God once was; as God is, man may bepreached on Mars'hill. As he stood In connection with this statement the

come."This teaching is peculiar to the there, his spirit stirring within him as he Lord adds another phrase which I love.

restored gospel of Jesus Christ. beheld the city given wholly to idolatry, "... nevertheless,"he says, "the day

The Prophet Joseph considered a he cried: shall come when you shall comprehend

knowledge of God to be of such impor- "... Ye men of Athens, I perceive that even God, being quickened in him and

tance that, in setting forth the beliefs of in all things ye are too superstitious. by him."(Idem.)

the Church, he placed it at the head of "For as I passed by, and beheld your This world would be, comparatively,the list—"We believe in God, the Eterdevotion, I found an altar with this a heaven if men could be brought to

nal Father,..."(Articles of Faith.) inscription, To the Unknown God. understand and know the living and

One with such a knowledge is in the Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, true God. They who are able to receive

way of eternal life, for, according to the him declare I unto you."(Acts 17:2223.) and who do receive the restored truth

teachings of Jesus, "... this is life Following this poignant but deserved concerning God are literally transformed

eternal, that they might know thee the thrust, Paul declared that God had made by their knowledge of, and faith in, him.

only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom the world and all things therein and was They are drawn upward from the carnal thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) Having therefore Lord of heaven and earth, that state of fallen man, as it were, and

1064 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA brought back, to a degree at least, into We are all the children of our Father A very fine man who came to the the presence of God. They develop unin heaven. It is inherent in our beings to United States a few years ago from a

shakable faith in him. They seek him have faith in him, to believe that he is. foreign country and who now has his

with certain confidence. They put their It was this kind of faith that prompted citizenship papers remarked to me that

trust in him, and he never fails them. Joseph Smith, acting upon the assurance next to God and his loved ones, he conIn him are their hope and their strength. of James—"If any of you lack wisdom, sidered his citizenship in the United

Envy, greed, hate, lust, and unrighteous let him ask of God, that giveth to all States as his most precious and priceless ambition flee from them. They grow in men liberally, and upbraideth not; and possession. Yes, his most precious and

virtue, patience, brotherly kindness, it shall be given him."(James 1:5.) It priceless possession! He said he loved the

charity, and love, and their eyes are was this that led the Prophet to seek United States and was grateful for the single to the glory of God. The principal wisdom in prayer. As a result he received freedom that it afforded him, because,

objective in their lives becomes to keep a revelation in which the living and true you see, he had lived in a country where the commandments of God, thus ridding God appeared to him. He received that he did not know that freedom. When he

themselves of sin, for they realize that revelation not just for himself alone but said that he loved the United States no unclean thing can enter into his for you and for me and for every living and that he thanked God for his citizenpresence; and to return into that pressoul in this earth. ship in this country, he said it with every

ence becomes the supreme faith and God has not left us to grope in darkfiber of his soul. He said he would fight

hope of their existence. ness. His words do not fail. If we will for this country and this freedom, even

Into their hearts comes a great concern but ask him in sincerity and faith, he if it meant his own life. He said that

for the welfare of their fellow men. They will make known to each of us the every citizen of the United States ought

set about not to conquer them, not to reality of himself. We can, if we will to feel that way; and if he did feel that

take advantage of them, not to gain submit to his spirit, know for a certainty way, talked that way, and loved that temporal and worldly power at their that he is the true and the living God. way, we would have no problem from

expense, but to take to them the glorious As one of the least of his humble within and no fear from without. Yes,

knowledge of the living and true God servants, I bear this witness to you in this nation under God means exactly which they themselves possess. This they the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. what it says.

do that their fellows may experience and Let me quote from the Doctrine and enjoy the transformation which has Covenants:

come into their lives. "Let no man break the laws of the

There is nothing other than a knowlland, for he that keepeth the laws of edge of the living and true God which God hath no need to break the laws of will give men incentives strong enough the land."(D&C 58:21.)

to induce them to root out of their lives The Constitution of the United States the wickedness which has brought us to is a document from inspired men. On

the brink of the cataclysm on which we August 6, 1833, the Church received a totter. THIS revelation that has gone far to establish

Earnest attention to God's revelations a fixed attitude toward the Constitutionof himself is of first importance to every NATION and laws of the United States. Then

human being. To disbelieve in him, in came the word of the Lord:the light of the plain and certain knowlUNDER "And now, verily I say unto you conedge he has revealed of himself and cerning the laws of the land, it is mywhich is available to us, is a great evil GOD will that my people should observe to

for which men will be held accountable. do all things whatsoever I command

Full acceptance of him would work in Thorpe B. Isaacson them."(Ibid., 98:4.)

every man the same transformation it Assistant to the Council of the Twelve On December 16 of the same year the worked in the people of Enoch, in Saul Lord again made it known to his people of Tarsus, in Alma, in Joseph Smith My dear brothers and sisters and friends, that the law should not be taken into and his followers—a transformation as always I deeply need the blessings of their own hands, and that "... it is

which will eventually come and which the Lord, and may I please plead with not right that any man should be in will establish peace on the earth. you to have a silent prayer in your heart bondage one to another."(Ibid., 101:79.)

Now, in conclusion, as a special witfor me. Man could not so act save he live in

ness, I want to leave my testimony with This great choir always touches us and a land of law, for only in a land of law each of you, and I have in mind all of lifts us up—a great credit to the Church. can there be freedom as we know it.

you who are present and you who are Many millions every weekend enjoy "And for this purpose have I estabbeyond the confines of this building. I their beautiful music. It would be diffilished the Constitution of this land, by

personally know "... that there is a cult to tell how many lives they have the hands of wise men whom I raised up

God in heaven, who is infinite and truly affected. unto this very purpose, and redeemed

eternal,... that he created man, male We miss President McKay very much, the land by the shedding of blood."

and female, after his own image and in but I know we have his blessings and (Ibid., 101:80.)

his own likeness... "; that in these his prayers and his support. He has This revelation has a powerful influlatter days he has revealed himself taught us very well. Those of us here ence in shaping the views of Latterday

anew; and that he is "... the only living assembled and those following the conSaints toward the Constitution of the

and true God,..."(Ibid., 20:1719.) ference by radio and television greatly United States, and it should also have

I have obtained this knowledge and appreciate his leadership and his ex- a great influence on every citizen, for testimony through the same means that ample. Yes, we recognize him as a the Lord suffered it to be by the hands

Peter, Paul, Joseph Smith, and tens of prophet of God. Truly, there is a prophof wise men.

thousands of others have received it et on the earth. There is a prophet in our Section 134 of the Doctrine and Coveby the witness of the Holy Spirit to my midst, and we pray for his wellbeing. nants declares the need for civil govsoul. I testify to each of you that you can I ask each of you now to consider ernments and the necessity that we

obtain like knowledge and testimony with me for a few moments one of our honor and uphold such governments.

for your individual selves if you will but most precious possessions—our citizen- "We believe that governments were

humble yourselves and in faith and sinship in the United States of America, instituted of God for the benefit of man;

cere prayer seek it. this nation under God. and that he holds men accountable for

DECEMBER 1964 1065 their acts in relation to them, both in One great man recently dreamed of and Ezekiel, Daniel and Micah, who making laws and administering them, a country where there would be no fearlessly assailed national evils—and

for the good and safety of society. north, no south, no east, and no west, specifically, not in generalities. Voices

"We believe that no government can but where all would be united in the like that of Nathan, who condemned a exist in peace, except such laws are country, where the principles would be king's wrongdoing to his face. Voices like

framed and held inviolate as will secure for the benefit of all the people. that of John the Baptist, who denounced

to each individual the free exercise of Recently, there was published the folthe immorality and corruption of a royal conscience, the right and control of lowing editorial in the Deseret News, court, even though he knew it might cost property, and the protection of life. and I quote: him his head.

"We believe that all governments "This nation's reliance on a Supreme "Christianity grew because its adhernecessarily require civil officers and Being has been acknowledged in such ents were not silent...."

magistrates to enforce the laws of the historical documents as the Mayflower Perhaps we as Americans might ask same;... Compact and the Declaration of Indeourselves whether we are displaying

"We believe that religion is instituted pendence. Lincoln's Gettysburg Address, moral courage equal to the crying conof God; and that men are amenable to our National Anthem, and the constidition of today. "The world is changed

him, and to him only, for the exercise of tutions of 49 of our 50 states all inby those like Martin Luther, who cried, it,... but we do not believe that human cluded direct reference to God. 'Here I stand. I can do no other.'

law has a right to interfere in prescrib- "More recently the words 'under God'"The power to speak out is ours for the ing rules of worship to bind the conhave been added to our Pledge of Alletaking. The same Simon Peter who

sciences of men, nor dictate forms for giance. cringed before the servant girl's accusapublic or private devotion; that the civil "Now there is a proposal before Contions that he was one of Christ's dismagistrate should restrain crime, but gress to acknowledge the divine guidance ciples later became one of those who, the

never control conscience; should punish of our nation's Constitution by adding record says, 'turned the world upside

"("A Time for Moral Courage,"guilt, but never suppress the freedom of these same words—'under God'—to its down.'

the soul. preamble. This would be a proper Billy Graham. Reader's Digest, July

"We believe that all men are bound to change. 1964, p. 49.)

sustain and uphold the respective gov- "Lately there has been altogether too Now quoting from the Book of Morernments in which they reside, while much talk about eliminating any refermon:

protected in their inherent and inalienence to deity from our public life. Those "For behold, this is a land which is

able rights by the laws of such governwho support this notion have received choice above all other lands; wherefore

ments; and that sedition and rebellion considerable encouragement from the he that doth possess it shall serve God

are unbecoming every citizen thus prorecent United States Supreme Court or shall be swept off; for it is the evertected, and should be punished accordrulings against Bible reading and the lasting decree of God. And it is not

ingly; and that all governments have a use of the Lord's Prayer in public until the fulness of iniquity among the

right to enact such laws as in their own schools. children of the land, that they are

judgments are best calculated to secure "But this must not be allowed to make swept off.

the public interest; at the same time, us forget that we are a nation under God "Behold, this is a choice land, and

however, holding sacred the freedom and a nation founded on vital Christian whatsoever nation shall possess it [Lisof conscience."(Ibid., 134:1-5.) principles. Indeed some 2500 years ago a ten to this promise] shall be free from

One of our great United States Senaprophet declared that America will rebondage, and from captivity, and from tors had this to say regarding the laws main free and prosperous only so long all other nations under heaven, if they of the land: as its people are righteous.... will but serve the God of the land, who

"It is a form of anarchy to say that a "Adding 'under God'to the preamble is Jesus Christ, who hath been maniperson need not comply with a particuto the Constitution would be a fitting fested by the things which we have lar statute with which he disagrees. Ours reminder of the need of spirituality in written."(Ether 2:10, 12.)

is a government of laws, not men, and our public affairs."(Editorial entitled "And this land shall be a land of

our system cannot tolerate the philos- "One Nation under God,"Deseret News, liberty unto the Gentiles, and there ophy that obedience to law rests on August 29, 1964.) shall be no kings upon the land, who

the personal likes or dislikes of any Communism does not so agree, and shall raise up unto the Gentiles.

individual citizen whether he supports therefore we cannot accept communism "And I will fortify this land against or opposes the statute in question."in any degree. This is no doubt the feelall other nations."(2 Nephi 10:1112.)

(Senator Richard Russell of Georgia.) ing of representatives and candidates of Take note of that promise. That is

Now quoting from the Doctrine and both major political parties in this why we cannot accept communism.

Covenants again: "I, the Lord God, country. They feel the same way. ComQuoting again from the Book of Mormake you free, therefore ye are free inmunism has caused us a great deal of mon:

deed; and the law also maketh you free."anxiety and concern, and today it is "And he that fighteth against Zion

(D&C 98:8.) Note the stress constantly the greatest threat facing the world. shall perish, saith God.

placed on the word free. We cannot accept or uphold communism "For he that raiseth up a king against

"Wherefore, honest men and wise in any degree, shape, way, or form. me shall perish, for I, the Lord, the king

men should be sought for diligently, "Our nation was founded by bold and of heaven, will be their king, and I will and good men and wise men ye should brave men who were unafraid to speak be a light unto them forever, that hear observe to uphold;... (Ibid., 98:10.) out."We should not forget that those my words."(Ibid., 10:1314.)

This nation under God cannot conmen were raised up by God himself at In the Declaration of Independence done communism in the least degree. that time to perform this great service, our founding fathers deliberately speciThere is not such a thing as "a little which has proved to be such a bulwark fied why we as individuals have rights:

communism."It is the greatest threat of strength to this country. "We should "We hold these truths to be selfto America today. Belief in God is the not forget that those men who signed the evident, that all men are created equal;

foundation of America. Oh, how proud Declaration of Independence were by that they are endowed by their Creator

we should be of our Pilgrims, Puritans, that act endangering their property and with certain unalienable rights; that

and pioneers. It was their belief in God even their lives.... among these are life, liberty, and the

that drove them forward, for without "I often wonder what has become of pursuit of happiness."

that faith and that belief they could not the great voices of our JudeoChristian Based on the concept that rights of have continued. tradition—voices like those of Jeremiah every individual man, woman, and child

1066 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA on the face of the earth come from God, warn the people unceasingly against verities of life, for life is eternal. The

not from the state, they enunciated that them. honors of men more often than not are

the purpose of government is to protect These dangers are: fleeting. Anxious to run after the honors

the Godgiven rights of the human Flattery of prominent men in the of office or succumb to the pressures of being. (Not governments as masters, but world, public glamor and worldly acclaim,

governments as servants.) False educational ideas, some of us are no longer willing to

Shortly after the Constitution was Sexual impurity. stand up for all the principles of the

signed in Independence Hall, Philadel- I should like to comment briefly on gospel. We seek to justify our unrightphia, September 17, 1787, a woman these three dangers. eousness by claiming that if only we can

asked Benjamin Franklin: First, the flattery of prominent men in get title or position, then think of the

"What have we got, Dr. Franklin?"the world: good we can do. Hence we lose our

He replied, "Madam, we have a reThe Master warned, "Woe unto you, salvation en route to those honors. We

public."Then he hesitated and said, "If when all men shall speak well of you!"sometimes look among our numbers to

we can keep it."(Luke 6:26.) find one to whom we can point who

We speak of peace. "Peace is God on As Latterday Saints we have been agrees with us, so we can have company

both sides of the table in a conference. driven, mobbed, misunderstood, and to justify our apostasy. We rationalize by

It is putting the power of good will to maligned. We have been a peculiar saying that some day the church doctrine

work. It is sanity, maturity, and common people. Now we are faced with world will catch up with our way of thinking.

sense in human relationships. It is paapplause. It has been a welcome change, Seeking the applause of the world, we

tience. It means keeping our tempers but can we stand acceptance? Can we like to be honored by the men the world

and rising above petty irritations.... meet the danger of applause? In the honors. But therein lies real danger, for

It is a mighty faith in the goodness of hour of a man's success applause can be ofttimes, in order to receive those honors,

God and the potential greatness of man."his greatest danger. we must join forces with and follow

(The New Book of the Art of Living, There is, of course, nothing wrong those same devilish influences and "The Art of Peace.")* with being honored by men, if one is policies which brought some of those

Here is a creed that perhaps every one being honored for a good thing, if one men to positions of prominence.

of us might adopt. comes to these honors through righteous More and more the honors of this

We believe in the United States of living, and if, while holding these honworld are being promoted by the wicked

America without reservations. This naors, one lives honorably. One should for the wicked. We see this in publicity

tion under God is my home, my country, strive to have wide influence for good. and awards that are given to movies,

my hope, and my concern. Here I wyork However, virtue is not the only basis literature, art, journalism, etc. We see

and rest and pray, and here I build and for being singled out and promoted. As in our own newspapers widely read

dream. Here my toil is rewarded by an the world gets more wicked, a possible columnists carried who advocate oneunmatched abundance for my wellway to attain worldly success may be to world socialism, who have been consisbeing. Here I have freedom to live, to join the wicked. The time is fast aptently caught in falsehoods, and who

think, to worship. That freedom is mine proaching when it will require great continually parrot the communist line.

yet, guaranteed by the law in this nacourage for Latterday Saints to stand Less and less we see the virtuous retion under God. Here I am a part of the up for their peculiar standards and docwarded by the world, and when they are,

it into done be ofttimes almost seems including doctrine, to serve, vote, of their able togovernment, and trine—all

to to get swallow us order in sidiously load. as the principles such of the more weighty the commonto carry my share

God grant us wisdom and strength to principle of freedom. Opposition to this the many evils for which the wicked

safeguard our country's welfare and to weighty principle of freedom caused are even more profusely honored.

develop a devotion to measure up to this many of our brothers and sisters in the Yes, President Joseph F. Smith was

country's greatness. preexistence to lose their first estate in right. Today we are being plagued withGod bless America. May we live in the war in heaven. in by the flattery of prominent men in

such a way that next to God and our We are far removed from the days of the world.

loved ones, as my good friend said to our forefathers who were persecuted for Second, false educational ideas:

me, this country, this nation under God, their peculiar beliefs. Some of us seem During the past several years many

will be nearer and dearer to us, I humbly to want to share their reward but are of our institutions of learning have been pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. ofttimes afraid to stand up for principles turning out an increasing number of stu-

A. Peterson Wilferd granted by *Permission

1963. title copyright above, from and thatWe areneedcontroversialnot solicit inpersecution,our generation.but dentsand atheism—studentsschooled in amorality,divestedrelativity,of a and Schuster,Simon

neither should we remain silent in the belief in God, without fixed moral prinpresence of overwhelming evils, for this ciples or an understanding of our conmakes cowards of men. We should not stitutional republic and our capitalistic,

go out of the path of duty to pick up a free enterprise economic system. This

cross there is no need to bear, but neither follows a pattern which was established

THREE liesshouldwithinwe sidestepthe path a ofcrossduty.that clearly yearsthat producedago at somemany ofof ourthe teacherskey collegesand

THREATENING of Weus areare ingettingthe world,too andmuchI fearlikesomethe theleaderscountryin thetoday.educational field across

world. Rather than continue a peculiar The fruits of this kind of teaching DANGERS people, some are priding themselves on have been tragic, not only to the souls

how much they are like everybody else, of the individuals involved but also to

Ezra Taft Benson when the world is getting more wicked. the parents and even to our country.

Of the Council of the Twelve The Lord, as he prayed for his Apostles, We saw these tragic fruits with some of said, "... the world hath hated them, our boys in Korea.

Some years ago President Joseph F. because they are not of the world, even When a survey was recently made

Smith, a prophet of the Lord, warned as I am not of the world."(John 17:14.) among students asking which they would

that "There are at least three dangers As Latterday Saints, we too have been prefer, nuclear war or surrender to the that threaten the Church within...."called out of the world. communists, those campuses scored highmost had been est for surrender who things are Some also counDoctrine, p. 312.) (Gospel He

teachings cowardly by these changeless—priceless.to the eternal permeated ourselves anchor must of the Church Authorities seled the to We

DECEMBER 1964 1067 of false economic principles, atheism, passing and belittling reference. To give prophets of the Church on vital issues

and amorality. On one very liberal colthe impression that they are objective, facing this nation have recently been

lege campus over 90 percent favored these professors often invite someone to compiled in an excellent book entitled surrender. Other surveys on moral present a different point of view in one Prophets, Principles and National Surstandards are equally alarming. More lecture, while the professor spends the vival [by Jerreld L. Newquist].

disturbing is the fact that the more colwhole semester pointing out the other Students, pray for inspiration and lege courses the students take on these side. knowledge. Counsel with your parents.

campuses, the worse their thinking Now truth, if given as much time and Let Sunday be the day to fill up your seems to become. Freshmen who have emphasis as error, will invariably prove spiritual batteries for the week by readjust left home or work do not seem as itself. And if our young students could ing good church books, particularly the

fully permeated with the brainwashing have as much time studying the truth Book of Mormon. Take time to meditate.

as the seniors. as they and some of their professors have Don't let the philosophies and falseSome alumni of various schools have had time studying error, then there hoods of men throw you. Hold on to the

expressed concern. One alumnus from would be no question of the outcome. iron rod. Learn to sift. Learn to discern

Yale wrote a book a few years ago entiThe problem arises when under the preserror through the promptings of the tled God and Man at Yale. Another group sure of a heavy course of study and the Spirit and your study of the truth.

(which includes Teddy Roosevelt's hero necessity of parroting back what cerYes, false educational ideas are a serison Archibald) from Harvard University tain professors have said, the student ous threat today.

established the Veritas Foundation does not have the time or take the time Third, sexual immorality:

and wrote a book, Keynes at Harvard, to learn the truth. If he does not learn Sexual immorality is a viper that is

explaining the degree to which the the truth, some day he will suffer the striking not only in the world, but in destructive Fabian economic philosophy consequences. Many an honest student, the Church today. Not to admit it is

has permeated educational institutions after graduation, has had to do some unto be dangerously complacent or is like and government. Concerned educators learning and then fresh learning of basic putting one's head in the sand. In the

have begun to write books. Professor E. principles which never change and category of crimes, only murder and

Merrill Root authored Collectivism on which he should have been taught denying the Holy Ghost come ahead of the Campus and Brainwashing in the initially. illicit sexual relations, which we call

High Schools. Dr. Max Rafferty, now Now these false educational ideas are fornication when it involves an unstate superintendent of schools in Caliprevalent in the world, and we have married person, or the graver sin of

fornia, wrote Suffer Little Children and not entirely escaped them among teachadultery when it involves one who is

What They Are Doing to Your Children. ers in our own system. There are a few married. I know the laws of the land do

In the school history textbooks of teachers within the Church who while not consider unchastity as serious as recent years, some of the greatest phrases courting apostasy still want to remain God does, nor punish as severely as God in American history have been dropped. members in the Church, for being does, but that does not change its

This Week Magazine recently surveyed members makes them more effective in abominableness. In the eyes of God

history books issued before 1920 and misleading the Saints. But their day of there is but one moral standard for men

since 1920. Patrick Henry's famous judgment is coming, and when it does and women. In the eyes of God chastity

words, "Give me liberty or give me come, for some of them it would have will never be out of date.

death,"appeared in twelve out of the been better, as the Savior said, that a The natural desire for men and fourteen earlier texts, but in only two millstone had been put around their women to be together is from God. But

out of the fortyfive recent texts. Pernecks and they had drowned in the such association is bounded by his laws.

haps this might help explain the perdepths of the sea, than to have led away Those things properly reserved for marcentage of students who are willing to any of the youth of the Church. riage, when taken within the bonds of

surrender to communism. The Lord has stated that his Church marriage, are right and pleasing before

The whole process can be quite inwill never again be taken from the earth God and fulfil the commandment to sidious. Young people know that the because of apostasy. But he has also multiply and replenish the earth. But

best jobs are available to college gradustated that some members of his Church those same things when taken outside ates. They want to do well at school. will fall away. There has been indithe bonds of marriage are a curse.

When exam time comes, they must vidual apostasy in the past, it is going on No sin is causing the loss of the Spirit give back to the teacher what the teacher now, and there will be an even increasof the Lord among our people more towants. Now under the guise of academic ing amount in the future. While we day than sexual promiscuity. It is causfreedom—which some apparently feel is cannot save all the flock from being deing our people to stumble, damning their

freedom to destroy freedom—some teachceived, we should, without compromisgrowth, darkening their spiritual powers,

ers reserve to themselves the privilege ing our doctrine, strive to save as many and making them subject to other sins.

of teaching error, destroying faith in as we can. For as President Clark said, Recently, a young man commented

God, debunking morality, and depreciat- "We are in the midst of the greatest that if he quit reading books, watching ing our free economic system. If quesexhibition of propaganda that the world TV, seeing movies, reading newspapers

tions reflecting the teacher's false has ever seen...."and magazines, and going to school,

teachings appear on the exam, how will Parents, stay close to your children; there was a chance he might live a clean

the student answer who believes in God you cannot delegate your responsibility life. And this explains, in large part, the

and morality and our Constitution? One to the educators no matter how compeextent to which this insidious evil has

student put on his exam paper what he tent they may be. Parents have a duty to spread, for the world treats this sin

knew the professor wanted to see, but train their children, to talk over their flippantly. These evil forces build up

then the student added a little p.s. which problems with them, to discuss what your lust and then fail to tell of the

said, "Dear Professor So and So: I just they are learning at school. And it is tragic consequences. In so many movies

want you to know I don't believe one neither wise nor safe, as President the hero is permitted to get away with word of what I just wrote above."Stephen L Richards stated, to leave the crime so long as he can joke about it,

These kinds of professors are not condetermination of our educational system or explain he was powerless to do anycerned about the truth or even giving and policies exclusively to the profesthing, or else at the close of the movie both sides of a question that only has sional educators. show forth one minimal virtue that is

one right answer. They weight the scales Students, study the writings of the supposed to cover over the grossest of

on the side of falsehood. If they can see prophets. Fortunately, the consistent sin. Many of our prominent national

there is another side, it usually gets but position taken over the years by the magazines pander to the baser side, but

1068 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA then try to cover for themselves by inmines your eternal destiny. "As a man nificant statement, but to the contrary

cluding other articles, too. thinketh, so is he."(See Prov. 23:7.) is profound and most meaningful. We

So garbled in values have our morals (7) Pray. There is no temptation are all acquainted with the savoring

become that some youth would not dare placed before you which you cannot effect salt has in the seasoning of touch a cigaret but freely engage in shun. Do not allow yourself to get in foods to make them more palatable to

petting. Both are wrong, but one is inpositions where it is easy to fall. Listen the taste, therefore, desirable and

finitely more serious than the other. to the promptings of the Spirit. If you satisfying to eat.

Parents should give their children are engaged in things where you do not Is the Savior suggesting to his disspecific instructions on chastity at an feel you can pray and ask the Lord's ciples in this declaration that, abiding early age, both for their physical and blessings on what you are doing, then fully by the gospel plan of life and moral protection. Years ago President you are engaged in the wrong kind of salvation, they can acquire a savoring

David O. McKay, God bless him, read a activity. spiritual influence for good in the

statement written by Mrs. Wesley to Yes—avoid late hours; dress modestly; lives of all with whom they associate

her famous son John. I commend it to seek good associates; avoid necking and and labor?

you as a basis for judgment pertaining petting; have a good physical outlet; I have heard men explain this teachto the matter of chastity. "Would you think good thoughts; pray. ing of our Lord by saying that in

judge of the lawfulness or unlawfulness May the Lord bless us as a people. olden times salt, not refined as we have

of pleasure? Take this rule: Now note, We have taken upon us sacred coveit today, but acquired in its natural

whatever weakens your reason, impairs nants. We must be faithful. We are in state, was washed out and used to

the tenderness of your conscience, obthe world, it is true, but we must not season food. When only the worthless

scures your sense of God, takes off your partake of the evils of the world. Let us tailings or residue remained, it was

relish for spiritual things, whatever inbe ever on guard against the flattery of tossed upon the walkways to be trodden creases the authority of the body over prominent men in the world, false edudown by the feet of men.

the mind, that thing is sin to you, howcational ideas, and sexual impurity, I I have searched the scriptures for ever innocent it may seem in itself."humbly pray in the name of Jesus a more complete understanding of

May I suggest some steps to avoid the Christ. Amen. Christ classifying his disciples as the

pitfalls of immorality: "salt of the earth"and share with you

(1) Avoid late hours and weariness. the essential facts of my study and

The Lord said retire to your bed early prayerful meditation.

(D&C 88:124), and there are good reaThe Gospel according to Mark consons for that. Some of the worst sins are tributes this additional thought by

committed after midnight by tired Jesus: "... Have salt in yourselves,

heads. Officers in the wards and stakes, and have peace one with another."

branches and missions should not keep (Mark 9:50.) And Luke, the physician,

our people, especially our youth, up late records this same teaching, then cites at night even for wholesome recreation. this further admonition by our Lord:

(2) Keep your dress modest. Short "... He that hath ears to hear, let him

skirts are not pleasing to the Lord, but hear."(Luke 14:35.)

modesty is. Girls, do not be an enticeSaturday Afternoon Session, Salt symbolized to the Hebrews

of your because for your downfallment fidelity, also purity and an unbreakable October 3, 1964 tightfitting clothes. andimmodest It of friendship. league was no doubt

(3) Have good associates or don't with this knowledge that Christ used associate at all. Be careful in the selecthe metaphor to drive home a doctrinaltion of your friends. If in the presence SALT point his disciples could understand.

of certain persons you are lifted to nobler The Apostle Paul writing to theheights, you are in good company. But OF THE Colossian Saints counseled, "Let your

encourage friends or associatesif your speech grace, be always with seasoned leave EARTH thoughts, thenbase you had best with salt, that ye know may how ye them. ought to answer every man."(Col. 4:6.)

(4) Avoid necking and petting like a Delbert L. Stapley The Book of Mormon record of

plague, for necking and petting is the Of the Council of the Twelve Christ's visit to the Nephites reveals concession which precedes the complete little more concerning the "salt of loss of virtue. After Jesus began his earthly mission the earth"status of his disciples. It

(5) Have a good physical outlet of and acquired a faithful following of does, however, confirm the biblical statesome sport or exercise. Overcome evil devoted disciples, he went up into a ment and contributes this thought, "but

with good. You can overcome many evil mountain and there taught many imif the salt shall lose its savor whereinclinations through good physical exerportant principles and truths which with shall the earth be salted?..."

tion and healthful activities. A healthy touch upon varied but vital matters (3 Nephi 12:13.)

soul, free of the bodyand-spiritdulling pertaining to man's temporal and spirThe scriptures which I have quoted influences of alcohol and tobacco, is in itual welfare and happiness. or referred to furnish but a glimpse of

better condition to overthrow the devil. I desire to discuss with you just one the meaning of. this significant and

(6) Think clean thoughts. Those who admonition taken from our Lord's reprofound statement of our Lord, but

think clean thoughts do not do dirty nowned Sermon upon the Mount. not a fulness of understanding. The

deeds. You are not only responsible beSaid Jesus to his disciples: "Ye are fulness of that knowledge was reserved

fore God for your acts but also for conthe salt of the earth: but if the salt for the Dispensation of the Fulness

trolling your thoughts. So live that you have lost his savour, wherewith shall it of Times, or the era in which we live.

would not blush with shame if your be salted? it is thenceforth good for It is found in a revelation of the Lord

thoughts and acts could be flashed on a nothing, but to be cast out, and to be given to the Prophet Joseph Smith on screen in your church. The old adage is trodden under foot of men."(Matt. December 16, 1833, at Kirtland, Ohio.

still true that you sow thoughts and you 5:13.) In this important doctrinal disclosure

reap acts, you sow acts and you reap For what purpose does Christ refer the Lord said:

habits, you sow habits and you reap a to his disciples as the "salt of the earth"? "When men are called unto mine

character, and your character deterThis scripture is not an idle nor insigeverlasting gospel, and covenant with

DECEMBER 1964 1069 contains many covenants vital to the nants are eternal in nature. Howeternal welfare of man. This stateever, they are to be received and

ment, therefore, has a plural conaccepted in mortal life by all mankind notation which I will explain. possessing such knowledge and desirBut again, let me restate, every baping eternal glory. It is also necessary

tized person into the true Church of for them to meet all the conditions and

Christ enters into an everlasting coverequirements and to fulfil every obliganant to serve the Lord, to do his will, tion appertaining to each gospel coveand to keep his commandments. Renant to find joy and happiness both

pentance and baptism by water and here and hereafter.

the receiving of the Holy Ghost afford The Lord, through Moses, admonished entrance into the kingdom of God, and the children of Israel "... to observe

Ron Thurman, Provo, BYU 3rd Stake the convert, now a disciple of Christ, the sabbath throughout their generaSchool superintendency,Sunday and for a gate into the tions, perpetual entered the through covenant"has with

Avati, Bank,Zan Neiv Jersey, Red Israel. their (See straight Exod. 31:16.) leads which narrow and waystake School board. Sunday

life to eternal. to given The Ten Commandments

an everlasting covenant, they are ac- "... yea,"said Nephi, an early Moses on Mt. Sinai are referred to in

counted as the salt of the earth and the Nephite prophet, "ye have done acscripture as a covenant with the house savor of men; cording to the commandments of the of Israel. (See ibid., 34:28.)

"They are called to be the savor of Father and the Son; and ye have reEvery son of God who receives by

men; therefore, if that salt of the ceived the Holy Ghost, which witnesses ordination the Holy Melchizedek Priestearth lose its savor, behold, it is of the Father and the Son, unto the hood is bound by an oath and covenant

thenceforth good for nothing only to fulfilling of the promise which he hath to keep faithfully all the commandments be cast out and trodden under the feet made, that if ye entered in by the way of God and to magnify his calling of men."(D&C 101:3940.) ye should receive."in the priesthood, which calling is a

This revelation is most enlightening. Then Nephi continues with this warnpersonal gift of God's power to him

It is worthy of careful and prayerful ing and counsel: to officiate according to the spirit of

study. It is a clear explanation and "And now, my beloved brethren, his office and calling.

interpretation of Christ's statement after ye have gotten into this straight Every worthy church member priviwhich can be understood and which and narrow path, I would ask if all is leged to enter the temples of the Lord people accept as a correct guide to imdone? Behold, I say unto you, Nay; for his or her endowment blessings

prove their personal lives and thus for ye have not come thus far save it accepts covenants and obligations of qualify them as the savor of men. were by the word of Christ with unthe most sacred nature, revealed of

Now let us carefully analyze the imshaken faith in him, relying wholly God for the glory of his children.

portant elements of this revelation and upon the merits of him who is mighty Every couple kneeling across the briefly outline the course man must to save. altar from each other in the temples

follow to achieve the spiritual strength "Wherefore, ye must press forward of God for holy marriage enters into a and personal influence which prepare with a steadfastness in Christ, having covenant of the highest order, which is him to become "the savor of men."a perfect brightness of hope, and a God's order, and which sealing and cove-

"When men are called,"said Jesus, love of God and of all men. Wherefore, nant is for time and for all eternity.

"unto mine everlasting gospel,..."if ye shall press forward, feasting upon There are other covenants and obliga-

(idem), which gospel, the Apostle Paul the word of Christ, and endure to the tions growing out of the endowment declared, "... is the power of God unto end, behold, thus saith the Father: as well as the marriage contract which

salvation to every one that believeth...."Ye shall have eternal life. are binding upon the individuals con-

(Rom. 1:16.) "And now, behold, my beloved brethcerned, and their obedience thereto

The everlasting gospel, then, is God's ren, this is the way; and there is none assures the sanctifying influence and

saving plan and way of life for all his other way nor name given under power of the Spirit and the spiritual children upon the earth. heaven whereby man can be saved renewing of their bodies in preparation

The Lord, through personal visits and in the kingdom of God. And now, befor the blessings and glories which

by the ministration of angels, also by hold, this is the doctrine of Christ, and are to come.

inspiration and revelation of the Holy the only and true doctrine of the Father, The Lord Jesus Christ, just before

Spirit, restored through the Prophet and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, his crucifixion upon the cross, gave the

Joseph Smith the true and everlasting which is one God, without end...."sacred ordinance of the Sacrament,

gospel of our Redeemer. (2 Nephi 31:1822.) which, in its very nature and purpose,

When an individual truly repents Therefore, my beloved brethren and is a covenant. It is an ordinance in

and is baptized by an authorized sersisters and friends, after baptism and which all faithful members of the vant of God into the true Church of confirmation into the kingdom of God, Church can participate. In partaking

Christ and receives the Holy Ghost by according to Nephi, we must press forof the sacramental emblems, all parthe laying on of hands by those posward with a steadfastness in Christ and takers witness unto God the Father sessing the Holy Melchizedek Priestendure to the end to gain eternal life. and also unto each other that they will

hood, he has entered into the everFor by these first steps of repentance, take upon them the name of his Son.

lasting gospel and becomes a member baptism, and the receiving of the Holy They also covenant to always remember of God's Church and kingdom. By acGhost, all requirements are not comhim and to keep the commandments

cepting the covenant of baptism, each pleted to obtain a fulness of glory in which he has given them, and in so convert obligates himself or herself the eternal mansions of our Heavenly doing they have the blessed promise to serve the Lord, to do his will, and to Father. Baptism alone does not fully that his Spirit will always be with

keep his commandments. This is the prepare a person for eternal glory as them.

first qualifying step for the applimany people are wont to believe. I hope these few scriptural quotes

cation of "the salt of the earth"status. There are other important covenants and statements, also the following teachThe second step is to "... covenant of an everlasting nature included in ings and observations from the revewith an everlasting covenant...."the fulness of the gospel of Christ lations, will help us understand more

(D&C 101:39.) As we gain knowledge of which vitally concern man's future perfectly what the Lord means to covethe revelations, we learn that the gospel wellbeing and happiness. These covenant with an everlasting covenant.

1070 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We must keep in mind, however, as I have decreed a decree which my people have mentioned before, that in conshall realize, inasmuch as they hearken nection with all covenants there are from this very hour unto the counsel conditions, requirements, and obligawhich I, the Lord their God, shall give tions which bind us to a course of unto them.

righteous living and doing. It is in the "And by hearkening to observe all

meeting and fulfilling of these condithe words which I, the Lord their God, tions, requirements, and obligations shall speak unto them, they shall never which build Christlike character in an cease to prevail until the kingdoms of feet, the are world subdued under possible a savoringindividual my and make NO ONE is saints, the the earth and in the given untoeffect and righteousness for goodlives of people. When this sanctified to possess it forever and ever. BELIEVES

as not they keep are spiritual "But inasmuchstate motivation my and THE LORD? to obaccounted, not hearken and as commandments,achieved, are then we

Jesus said, "... the salt of the earth serve all my words, the kingdoms of

and the savor of men"; (D&C 101:39.) the world shall prevail against them. LeGrand Richards

Christ applied this metaphorical "For they were set to be a light unOf the Council of the Twelve teaching to his disciples to convey a to the world, and to be the saviors of spiritual idea and ideal. "... to be men; Brothers and sisters, humbly I stand

trodden under the feet of men"(Matt. "And inasmuch as they are not the before you here this day, grateful in my

5:13) means to trample divine things saviors of men, they are as salt that heart for the privilege that I enjoy with

underfoot by failure to live according has lost its savor, and is thenceforth you of being present at this great conto revealed truth and the light which good for nothing but to be cast out ference. I have enjoyed the messages of

God has given for the temporal weland trodden under foot of men."(D&C my brethren, commencing with the wonfare as well as the eternal wellbeing, 103:4-5, 7-10.) derful message sent to us by our noble

joy, and happiness of his people. In the light of this revelation, as we President and read so beautifully by

to conditions statement the his view and nations Jesus followed among men his Robert. son thrilled have been We

desigtoday, their being the needsdisciples regarding world we realize that the with messages have given been nated "the salt of the earth"by an more "salting."Who, then, or which and thank the Lord for our leaders. I

analogous and associated statement group can help guide the people of the thought of the words of the song, "Come, which gives significance and emphasis world to freedom and peace? The listen to a prophet's voice, And hear the

to the "salt of the earth"status. way to peace, brotherhood, and happiword of God, <[And in the way of truth

Said the Lord: "Ye are the light of ness is for the Saints of the Most High rejoice, And sing for joy aloud."(Hymns,

the world. A city that is set on an God to set an example in spiritual 46.) Now we feel like singing for joy

hill cannot be hid. living and doing as to savor the souls when we listen to the words of these

"Neither do men light a candle, and of men in righteousness, truth, and prophets and know how much the Lord put it under a bushel, but on a candlebrotherhood. Therefore, we who have has given us in our day that is not

stick; and it giveth light unto all that membership in the Church of Christ understood by the world.

are in the house. and possess the gospel of peace and I had a conversation with a relative of

"Let your light so shine before men, salvation have this privilege, responmine a short time ago. He made this

that they may see your good works, sibility, and challenge. statement which has remained with me

and glorify your Father which is in Let us, therefore, become more faithand which I have thought a lot about.

heaven."(Ibid., 5:1416.) ful, obedient, and exemplary in all our He said, "No one believes the Lord."

Those then who are the "salt of the obligations and duties to God and our I have thought of that, and I thought, earth"are also the light of the world, fellow men, and thus fully qualify to wouldn't it be wonderful if all of our and the radiance of that light, shinbe considered "the salt of the earth"Father's children believed him as he ing through their good works to manto savor the souls of men everywhere. talks to us through his prophets. Suppose

kind, glorifies our Eternal Father and I bear witness, my brothers and that he were with us, and we could sit strengthens his work and kingdom on sisters and friends, to the truthfulness down with him and could be instructed the earth. of the work in which we are engaged, by him personally, as was the Prophet

One of the best compliments an into the need the world has for the Joseph, and he would tell us the reason dividual can say of another is that he message of the gospel as we teach it. for our being here upon this earth and

or she is the "salt of the earth."It I pray that we may always be found what our mission is to be. Would it

is most meaningful and suggests unfaithful, true, and obedient in our demake any more difference in our devoquestioned Christlike character and votions to our God, and I ask it humbly tion arid our willingness to serve him conduct, uprightness, honesty, spirituin the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. than it does when he speaks to us

ality, sincerity of purpose, dignity, and through his prophets?

other noble character virtues and qualiYou remember what the Apostle Paul ties patterned after the divine nature said: "... he that cometh to God must

of our Heavenly Father. believe that he is, and that he is a reIn another revelation given through warder of them that diligently seek

the Prophet Joseph Smith at Kirtland, him."(Heb. 11:6.) And through the

Ohio, on February 24, 1834, the Lord Prophet Joseph, the Lord said, "I, the had this to say in admonition and Lord, am bound when ye do what I say;

counsel to his people: but when ye do not what I say, ye have

"And that those who call themselves no promise."(D&C 82:10.)

after my name might be chastened As I have studied the gospel, and not for a little season with a sore and only through my study but in my obsergrievous chastisement, they because of years the experience in vation I have

Julie Betteridge, Washington, Tacoma, altogether the Idid hearken not this in unto haven't found Church, any had organist, BullingPrimary Robert and

Iprecepts and a which commandments the from without Lord commandment recently returned ton, Athens, Alabama, gave unto them. Canadian missionary. Both are BYU promised blessing far greater in value

"But verily I say unto you, that I students. than the thing that the Lord asks of us.

DECEMBER 1964 1071 He puts us to the test to see if we bethey shall be filled."(Ibid., 5:6.) No man Wisdom. We read in the magazines and

lieve him. ever hungers and thirsts after righteousin the newspapers today statements by

Remember when this earth was ness and asks God the Eternal Father in great scientists telling us that tobacco formed, or ready for forming, the Lord great humility and in faith, that the is the cause of lung cancer and other looked down, saw there was space, and Lord doesn't grant the righteous desires of diseases, and yet less than three years said, "... we will take of these materials, his heart. We have been told that here after this Church was organized, the

and we will make an earth whereon in this conference by a number of the Lord in February 1833 gave a Word of these may dwell;..."referring to the speakers who have already spoken to us. Wisdom unto his people for their guidsons and daughters of God in the spirit And so you can go through the rest of ance. He said that it was the mind and

world. the commandments. Take the one on will of the Lord. Does anybody need to

"And we will prove them herewith, to the law of tithing as an illustration argue about whether it is to be observed see if they will do all things whatsoever how the Lord calls us back, saying that or not when the Lord himself says it is the Lord their God shall command Israel had robbed him in the withholdthe mind and the will of the Lord? And

them."(Abraham 3:2425.) Wouldn't it ing of their tithes and their offerings! then he said it is "... adapted to the

be wonderful if we all believed the Then he said, "Return unto me, and I capacity of the weak and the weakest of

Lord enough so that we would be willwill return unto you...."What an inall saints, who are or can be called

ing to obey his commandments that he vitation! saints."(D&C 89:3.) And I always say if

gives us? "... and prove me now herewith, there are any of the Latterday Saints

Over fifty years ago I heard Elder saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open any weaker than that, we ought not to

James E. Talmage tell this story. It has you the windows of heaven, and pour ask them to keep the Word of Wisdom.

remained with me all these years. He you out a blessing, that there shall not But think of the promises of the Lord

told about a group of tourists or travelers be room enough to receive it."(Mai. through keeping the Word of Wisdom!

in the Alps who were snowbound. The 3:7, 10.) And he tells us that "... tobacco is not

Lord sent an angel to a monk and told What if we just believed the Lord and [good] for the body, neither for the belly, him about these people, asking him to could accept his word as it comes to us and is not good for man, but is an herb go and rescue them. The answer was, from his prophets? There wouldn't be for bruises and all sick cattle, to be used

"Why?"And the minute he said, any argument about "how"or "why,"with judgment and skill."(Ibid., 89:8.)

"Why,"the angel disappeared. He went but it would be, "When, oh, Lord, would Then consider the rest of the Word of

to the second monk and delivered the you have me do the thing that you have Wisdom. There isn't time to discuss it in

same message, and the answer was, commanded through your servants the detail, but we are not to use strong "How?"And the angel disappeared. He prophets?"drinks. Strong drink has caused more

went to the third and delivered the same And so you can go through the list. misery and broken homes and unhappimessage, and the monk said, "When?"Take, for instance, the day of Pentecost ness than all the wars that have ever

And the angel remained and delivered when Peter stood before the multitude been fought, and yet we can't believe his message. and bore witness that Jesus was the the Lord and know that we shouldn't

It shouldn't be for us to say, when the Christ, the Son of the living God. (What touch these things. If you take the first

call of the Lord comes or when we unmarvelous testimonies we have had here glass, you never know how soon you will derstand a command that is given to us in this conference to that effect, partake the second; and if you never take

through the prophets of God, "How can ticularly from President Tanner this the first one, particularly our young we do it?"or "Why does he ask us to morning.) And what happened to the people, you will never need to worry

do it?"but "When, oh, God the Eternal multitude on the day of Pentecost? They about the second.

Father, as thy son or daughter, wouldst were pricked in their hearts, and they Then the Lord indicates that if we thou have me do the thing that thou cried out, "Men and brethren, what shall keep this Word of Wisdom, we shall run hast commanded?"we do?"And you remember the answer. and not be weary and walk and not

And then I thought of the words of Peter said, "Repent and be baptized, faint, and the destroying angel shall pass

Nephi. You remember when he was every one of you in the name of Jesus us by and not slay us as the children of

commanded to go back and get the Christ for the remission of sins, and Israel. And then he tells us that we

plates from Laban. He said, "I know that ye shall receive the gift of the Holy shall have knowledge, yea, even hidden

the Lord giveth no commandments unto Ghost. treasures of knowledge, and I think that

the children of men, save he shall pre- "For the promise is unto you, and to is one of the greatest promises the Lord pare a way for them that they may your children, and to all that are afar has made to his people in this dispensaaccomplish the thing which he comoff, even as many as the Lord our God tion. (See ibid., 89:1921.)

mandeth them."(1 Nephi 3:7.) That is shall call."(Acts 2:3739.) You find boys and girls who keep the

my faith, and that is the faith we all Now, we as Latterday Saints know Word of Wisdom and remember their should have. the meaning of this promise. We have prayers, and you will find that they have

Speaking now of the promises of the been baptized in Christ's name. We the companionship of the Holy Ghost,

Lord to those who keep his commandhave received the Holy Ghost, and the that they have power given them to ments (and there isn't time, of course, evidence of that is in the great sacrifices resist the evils and the temptations of in a meeting like this to discuss many that are being made all over this Church this world, as demonstrated in their of them), you remember what Jesus to carry on this great work of the Father lives.

said: "Blessed are the pure in heart: to build his kingdom, to prepare for his Some of us have had the privilege of

for they shall see God."(Matt. 5:8.) coming, to help to make possible the attending these youth conferences. A

What a promise! I believe that. I befulfilment of the prayer he taught his short time ago I was at one back in

lieve every man or woman who lives disciples: "Thy kingdom come. Thy will Carthage where the Prophet Joseph

here in mortality in purity before God be done in earth, as it is in heaven."and his brother Hyrum were martyred.

will stand in his presence and have his (Matt. 6:10.) And there is no sacrifice We had over five hundred young people

benediction, "Well done, thou good and that can be asked of the faithful Latterthere from that mission. Some of them

faithful servant."We have been told in day Saints that they are not willing to had come a thousand miles to be there,

this conference that no unclean thing make in order to fulfil the promises of and for three hours there wasn't a shall ever enter his presence. I believe the Lord and to show their faith in him. minute lost between their testimonies.

that with all my heart. Wouldn't it be wonderful if all of us They took their turns bearing testimony,

Jesus said, "Blessed are they which do believed the Lord? and with tears in their eyes, most of

hunger and thirst after righteousness: for I will refer briefly to the Word of them testified that they knew that God

1072 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lives, that they knew that Jesus is the were the sentimental songs of the New operate schools of preparation. The

Christ, that they knew that Joseph Smith York frontier, coupled with some hymns presidents of quorums should be alert was a prophet of God; and no reasonable popular with the Methodists but true to the progress of their brethren in

person could have listened to the testienough in sentiment to be adopted by the preparatory effort, notifying the stake monies of those boys and girls and the"Church. An old diary of Brigham president when a man is trained and

questioned their sincerity. Young contains two or three of these ready. Calls to be teaching missionaries

Talk about hidden treasures of knowlsongs, laboriously copied out in his on a mass basis would be bound for edge! What more could you ask? Is oldfashioned handwriting. failure. Calls to trained seventies

there a father or mother in Israel who The Prophet was touched by what would result in success.

wouldn't want his or her boys and girls they sang and engaged them in a long In this new program quorum members to make themselves worthy of the blessconversation. He recounted a vision in not called to be missionaries are to beings that the Lord has promised through which he saw the heavenly reward of come finders of prospects. I think we

observing and keeping the Word of those who had died during the Zion's call the prospects investigators at times.

Wisdom? Wouldn't it be wonderful if Camp march. He wept as he mentioned In this important activity, the seventies

we could all believe the Lord? the beauty and glory of their kingdoms. go forth to discover people who will be

There are many other evidences in He told Brigham that he was to be one interested and who will listen to the this Church of how the Lord is fulfilling of the twelve special witnesses, soon to message of the missionaries. This also

his promise. Take the 12,000 missionbe called, and he appointed him to requires training. Here the prospect is

next a to Saturday thearies in spread and word that be persuaded to receive the instruction rethe the field—youngtheir time withoutmen conference in be held giving at which would principles. gospelwomen thereThe training

muneration. I visited with the vicepresi- Twelve would be chosen. Then he fore must be in the art of persuasion.

dent of Brigham Young University last turned to Joseph and said strange words, Quorum presidents should prepare these night. They have fiftysix wards and six "Brother Joseph, the Lord has made you members by training courses in this art.

stakes of Zion. He said it is a thrill on president of the seventies."The enlargement of the effort will defast Sunday to hear these young people From that day until now men have pend on these men now called "finders."

bear their testimonies—hidden treasures been ordained to the "seventies."These discover interested people and

of knowledge. Many have conceived it as a personal arrange with them to hear the lessons

Brothers and sisters, with all my heart call to teach all who would give heed to taught by the missionaries. You can see

and soul I testify that I know this work their declaration of testimony. Others that their importance can hardly be

is true; and I know no man or woman have passively accepted the ordination, overestimated. They assist members to

or boy or girl can keep the commandresponding as called to local office and succeed in the program of "every memments of the Living God, have faith in local service. Some have felt that with ber, every family, a missionary."They

him, and be prayerful who will not be the office of seventy comes some special go into new territory, seeking the honest blessed with blessings which are more endowment which sets them apart from in heart. Theirs is the more difficult of

valuable than the wealth of this world. others in a special way. the two missionary efforts of finding and

I bear my witness of the truth of this The quorums of the seventy in this teaching.

work and ask God to bless you Latterday number approximately 400. Their In all of this work, the stake presiday Saints everywhere and our friends total is in the neighborhood of 22,000 dent's is the guiding hand. He arranges

throughout the world, and above all to men. Each of these men is a member of to release the men from ward responsipreserve the youth of Zion from the pit- a ward, presided over by a bishop, and bilities so they can serve the quorum

falls and evils of this world that can is subject to the call of his stake presipresidents as finders, and he calls permar their lives. I leave my blessing dent to do missionary work. As is the sonally those to act as missionaries. His

upon you all, in the name of the Lord case in all church responsibilities the reservoir of men for both of these reJesus Christ. Amen. seventies are subject to call by authority sponsibilities should be the seventies

before they take part in the organized quorum. And so it will be if there is an

missionary work of the Church. alert presidency preparing its members

Today the missionary system has been and making them available.

carefully organized as to the content of The gospel is to be preached. Under

the message and the method of its prethe direction of the Twelve the seventy sentation. The method of presenting the are to assist in the preaching. So say the

gospel to people in 1840 would be of revelations. But an effort must be made

small avail in this day of sophisticated by the men involved to prepare for the men and women. Today's method of call. At the present moment the Presiwork fits today. dency and the Twelve have placed the

The seventies, therefore, must be preresponsibility for missionary work in the called Is a seventy to be for today. stakes pared stake the presidents on and have ESPECIALLY he must missionary? Then call as a teaching to asked seventies. worthy them

learn the prepared lessons and the techThen let us become trained and able, CHOSEN niques of their delivery. At the same and the stake presidents will call us.

time he must learn to be flexible in the They will use the best available men for

President S. Dilworth Young use of the lessons so that he can meet the job. The seventy should fit that

Of the First Council of the Seventy each situation as it arises. This will redescription.

quire both technical training and the As I read the revelations and see the

It is vital that the doctrines of exaltation guidance of the Spirit of the Lord. Every provisions made by the Lord for the

be taught in this conference. It is necesseventy in the Church who has the work of this dispensation, my feeling

sary that some attention be given to ability to teach should prepare himself for the great overreaching power of the some detail. by practice and training to be ready to gospel grows stronger and stronger. In

Long ago, 129 years to be exact, Joseph teach the gospel should he be called the authority of the restoration is the the Prophet invited Brigham and Joseph and should make himself available for power to implement its success.

Young to his house at Kirtland to sing call. This means that opportunities must Joseph Smith laid the groundwork,

for him. The Young brothers had exbe given to him to prepare himself. The and each succeeding president has added

cellent blending voices and were fond quorum presidents are responsible for to the structure as the need has arisen.

of singing together. The songs they sang this opportunity. The quorums should President McKay leads this work now

DECEMBER 1964 1073 and, as the living prophet, has estabBible to be the word of God..."said letters he quotes from the third chaplished this present system. It is under the Prophet Joseph Smith. There is and ter and the 19th verse of Genesis: "In

his direction and approbation. That he is has been much controversy about the the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat

a prophet I bear witness. I also testify Bible. What the world needs today are bread,..."In the same letter he quotes

that the gospel was restored through the fewer people to argue and more people the golden rule and alludes to the tempProphet Joseph Smith, whose mission to read and think. There are many intations of Jesus. When asked to repeat

was revealed to him in his youth, who terpretations and a diversity of opinion, his stand on a certain matter, he respent his maturing years in preparing and as a result there is much confusion fused by quoting from the 16th chapter for the work, and who gave his complete and division in the religious world. I of Luke: "... If they hear not Moses

adult life to its restoration, finally sealam sure one of our major difficulties is and the prophets, neither will they be ing his testimony with his blood. The that mankind has lost guidance and persuaded, though one rose from the

least we can do is to give our complete wanders about from place to place and dead."(Verse 31.)

devotion to it. from theory to theory without either There can be no question about LinIf any man, if any body of men, guide or compass. Without guidance coln's familiarity with the Bible, or that

should stand true, it is the seventies. man lives in a vacuum with no road to he read it frequently, and that he memoSpecially chosen, called to be special the future. rized large portions of it. His greatest

witnesses, let us bear our witness with Like many of you, I believe in the speeches, like his farewell talk on leavthe knowledge of the truth to spur us on Bible. It is the word of God. It is reing Springfield, his second inaugural,

and with the further knowledge that the liable and trustworthy. It contains the and his masterful oration at Gettysburg,

Lord has called us to it. But let us do wisdom of the ages and is the source of furnish irrefutable evidence of the debt

it in order and by appointment as the all that is best in our modern life. It is he owes the English Bible. Most people

Lord's servants designate. an outline of history covering a period will agree that from the standpoint of

On behalf of the seventies, we pledge about which people generally are not greatness and wise statesmanship Linthis day to you, President McKay, that well informed. From the standpoint of coln tops the list.

we shall give redoubled effort to help literature it ranks among the best, and I have spoken as I have about our implement this call to have the seventies I have found that among many writers great American because I believe he is a prepared and called to do missionary and public speakers are those who are product of the truths contained in the work, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. indebted to the Holy Bible for the efHoly Bible. These truths were part of

fectiveness and renown of their literhim. They entered into his decisions,

ary production. I often think of Abrahis philosophy, his contacts with his

ham Lincoln's appraisal of the Bible fellow men, his literary style, and his and his acknowledgment of its value. success as a leader of the nation. And so

It was not an offhand opinion given by I urge the reading of the Bible. It is a

him of this sacred volume. Lincoln was powerful book and contains treasures of

qualified to speak on this subject. He truth which are vital to man's developTHE said,gift God"Thishas greatgiven bookto man....Allis thethe goodbest ment.existenceIt ofis Goda strongand thetestimonydivine missionof the

INFLUENCE municatedSavior gavethroughto thethatworldbook.wasButcomfor of MayJesus I Christ.suggest that you turn to the

it we should not know right from book itself instead of reading the comOF THE wrong. It seems to me that nothing mentaries of scholars and pretenders

satisfy, latter will of religion. not of infinite The could wisdom by any BIBLE short

are for of understood possibility the things devised this excellent God have and perfect moral code."(August by the Spirit of God. But the Bible

Alma Sonne 1864.) should be read searchingly as admonAssistant to the Council of the Twelve Lincoln's quotations from the Old and ished by Jesus. It is and has been a

New Testaments are numerous. These source of comfort and strength in times

My brethren and sisters, I feel that the quotations appear not only in his of sorrow and disappointment. Its

word of God has come to us in rich speeches but also in his private correpages are filled with quotable passages measure in every session of this conferspondence. In his second inaugural adconcerning the conduct of man and

ence. We have been reassured; we have dress, which is noted for its eloquence his spiritual and moral wellbeing.

been strengthened; we have been ediand its masterful presentation, scriptural The influence of the Bible reaches

fied; and we are happy in our knowledge quotations abound, and the name of into the laws and the governments of

of the truth. Deity is frequently used, and religious nations, into the art, literature, and folk-

I want to read to you a sentence writsentiment runs through the entire speech. lore of races and communities. No book

ten by Charles A. Lindbergh. He said: President Lincoln, as you know, was a has wielded a wider influence.

"It should now be branded on our conreligious man without any church af- I need not tell you that there is a science that unless science is controlled filiation. He was often on his knees in peculiar sanctity and force about its

by a greater moral force, it will become prayer. Passages like the following are words. In it are the messages of mighty

the antiChrist prophesied by the early used by him: prophets who "... spake as they were

Christians."He also refers to great spirit- "Judge not, that ye be not judged."moved upon by the Holy Ghost."(2

ual truths which emanate from God. (Matt. 7:1.) Peter 1:21.) History has proved that

"Unless the actions of a people are "Woe unto the world because of ofthe Bible has altered the lives of men guided by these truths,"he points out, fences! for it must needs be that offences and nations. It has touched deeply the

"it is only a matter of time before their come; but woe to that man by whom heart of humanity. Public men who

walls will collapse as they did at Berlin, the offence cometh!"(Ibid., 18:7.) have attained to eminence in our own

Munich, and Nuremberg.""... the judgments of the Lord are country have been equipped with a

The spiritual truths referred to by true and righteous altogether."(Psalm knowledge of its contents. It is a conColonel Lindbergh are contained in the 19:9.) verter of souls to a better life, to a befulness of the restored gospel and are Lincoln appeared to have unlimited lief in God and a wholesome respect

itemized and emphasized in the Holy confidence in scriptural teachings. He for his laws and commandments.

Bible. We invite people everywhere to used them in private correspondence and Green, in his A Short History of the

search the scriptures. "We believe the in his daily conversations. In one of his English People, gives a marvelous tes1074 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

timony to the effect of the printed armory and, as a novice wearing sneakBible during the reign of Queen Elizaers, leaped from a hardwood floor to beth I. He writes: "No greater moral a height of 6 feet, 7 inches.... This

change ever passed over a nation than lad jumped higher in his first competipassed over England during the years tion than every Olympic champion exwhich parted the middle of Elizabeth's cept one before 1952!"

reign from the meeting of the long ParHe continues:

liament. England became the people "But physical genius is still a rarity.

of a book, and that book was the Ninety percent of our athletes have only

Bible. Its literary and social effects "SET the talent we were all born with. They

great, far greater butwere transformed was the into have the the ordinary

..."effect Bible of the of OUR SIGHTS the character training. extraordinary on by persistent

Its at large.the people of in the influence President words McKay: HIGH"Orcalled action. exactly materials, the whole The same on human "From one

temper of the nation felt the change. man builds palaces while another builds

A new conception of life, a moral and Bishop Victor L. Brown hovels."

religious impulse spread through every Of the Presiding Bishopric Just two more quotes from the article.

class."Robert Giegengack of Yale, coach of

It was the Bible that led the Prophet In President McKay's recent book, this year's United States Olympic track

Joseph Smith into the presence of the Ancient Apostles, we read: "Character is and field team said of some of his athFather and the Son and opened the built out of circumstances. From exactly letes:

door to a new gospel dispensation. Thouthe same materials, one man builds pal- "They work about two and a half

sands of people have been brought into aces while another builds hovels."Evitimes as hard as they did ten years

the Church because of their familiarity dence of the truth of this statement is ago...."

with scriptural teachings. It validates found on every hand. Finally:

the Book of Mormon and establishes its In the current issue [October] of the "Amateur athletes generally do not divine origin. It is a bulwark against the Reader's Digest, there is a thrilling make a career out of their special abilityranny of infidelity and atheism. article written by Ira Wolfert entitled ties. The training involves intense, overDesperate attempts have been made "The Most Phenomenal Athletes in whelming preoccupation with oneself,

by its enemies to minimize and discredit History."I should like to quote some and usually the athlete becomes interits influence. Fortunately, they have excerpts ested in other things. But meanwhile,

failed, and they will continue to fail. "Hot Rodders indeed! Among the boys the revolution in training methods is

"Heaven and earth shall pass away, but and girls who were graduated from Caligiving the kids something much more my words shall not pass away,"said the fornia's Santa Clara High School in valuable than a knowledge of their

Savior. (Matt. 24:35.) The Bible will June are four national swimming chambodily prowess. Coach Giegengack put it

survive the onslaughts of the adversary. pions, two of whom have broken four this way: Not too long ago, he said,

The timehonored volume is a pillar world records. Generally, athletes do when a 'hopeless'case who obviously

of freedom. From its pages come the docnot reach their physical peak until they didn't have it tried out for one of his

trines of equal rights; the fatherhood of are in their late twenties. But Don teams, he'd take the youth aside and

God and the brotherhood of man; paSchollander, Donna de Varona, Sharon gently advise him to devote his energies

tience, tolerance, and love; the dignity Finneran and Terri Stickles were still to something else. He no longer does

and worth of the human soul; and the teenagers when they performed their that. The indispensable 'it'required for

right and obligation to worship God and amazing feats of speed, strength, stamathletic success is in the mind rather to account to him for all that we do, ina, and coordination. than the body. Anyone can be good who's

what we say, and what we think. "What is perhaps most extraordinary willing to work hard enough."(P. 151.)

I believe most people are searching for is that it isn't extraordinary anymore, Anyone can build a palace rather than standards and beliefs which will sustain but representative of what today's a hovel if he is willing to work hard them through life, which is not always youngsters are doing.... enough. If we applied the principles used

sunshine and flowers. For some it is hard "It will be frontpage news around in making Olympic champions to all

and cruel, and the burden is heavy. the world this October if no new Olymphases of our lives, the transformation

Many of these people believe in GocL pic records are set at the games in Tokyo. in society would be just as phenomenal.

but they do not have the firm and resoThat is because, as athletes, today's The managing director of one of the lute conviction to carry on. Where shall young generation is the most phenomelargest banking institutions of England,

we go for guidance and inspiration? nal in history."with more than a hundred branches

Where can we find God and spirituMr. Wolfert goes on to say: throughout the world, says that out of

ality? It cannot be found in the current "It's the same story on dry land. Not one hundred men starting on an even

literature of the day. It cannot be found one Olympic track or field champion footing, only ten ever rise above the

in statistics or on the financial page of before 1932 could qualify on the basis of surface of the business, and of these the daily newspaper. Seldom can we his winning performance for a place in ten, not more than one ever proves himfind it in the colleges and the universithis year's games. self fit to hold a position of grave reties of the land or in the lecture hall. "What makes the difference? Actually sponsibility. He says that inevitably the

There is only one source—one only there are two categories of athletic cause of failure is the disposition to

and that is in the revelations of God to prowess measured by the records. One is take things easy, to avoid the hard tasks.

his servants, the prophets. The biblical inborn, a physical gift that cannot be Life everywhere consists of hard jobs. Men

characters are men who walked and taught, can only be perfected. The other tackle them, but the aimless crawler

talked with God. There is much to learn involves normal physical attributes that will get into his shell and decay.

from them and the distant past. Five have been trained to'a high degree. The great industrialist Andrew Carthousand years of human experience Olympic events test both kinds of exnegie said:

should offer a good guideline for the cellence....""I congratulate poor young men upon

modern world. May we search the Bible He goes on: being born to that ancient and honordiligently, eagerly, and prayerfully, I "One night last winter, a 15year-old able degree which renders it necessary

pray in the name of the Lord Jesus. boy, Bill McClellon of DeWitt Clinton that they should devote themselves to

Amen. High in New York City, walked into an hard work."

DECEMBER 1964 107S And from another pen: to work hard without sparing himself seled his people and helped them to

"There is one right which man is for a moment. solve their problems.

generally thought to possess which I am Just as the athletes are training so It is interestjng to note that as God confident he neither does nor can poswell for the Olympic competition, so are has admonished his people through his sess, the right to subsistence when his these loyal devoted members of the prophets, two words have frequently aplabor will not fairly purchase it."Church training for a far more imporpeared order and diligence.

(Thomas R. Malthus.) tant contest. Each in his own way is King Benjamin, in concluding a great

Someone has said: taking the same material and building address to his people, said, "And see that

"The man who goes through life lookpalaces rather than hovels. all these things are done in wisdom and

ing for something soft can often find May God bless each one of us that order; for it is not requisite that a man

it right under his hat."we may set our sights high and then be should run faster than he has strength

Now let us turn to another aspect of willing to work hard enough to be good,... it is expedient that he should be

life, one that is not limited by time but good enough to build palaces and not diligent, that thereby he might win the rather one that is eternal. Just as it is hovels. prize; therefore, all things must be done

necessary for the athlete to work hard I bear my humble witness that Jesus in order."(Mosiah 4:27.)

at his training and for the successful Christ lives and that he directs this, In this dispensation through the executive to work hard at his business, his Church, through his servant and our Prophet Joseph Smith the Lord has told so it is necessary for all of us, no matter President and Prophet, David O. McKay, us that his "... house is a house of

what our personal activities may be, to in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. order,... and not a house of confusion"

work hard at living the kind of lives (D&C 132:8), and that every man

that will build palaces and not hovels. should learn his duty, and "... act in

When I was bishop of a ward, we the office in which he is appointed, in called one of our members to be the all diligence."(Ibid., 107:99.)

general secretary of the Aaronic PriestWhen called upon to accept an assignhood. He was one of the finest general ment in the Church which is an imporsecretaries in the Church. He worked at tant part of building the kingdom of

his assignment. Through his thoroughGod, many people wonder how they can

ness and inspired leadership, almost all give the time and attention necessary to of the boys earned their Aaronic Priestfulfil the assignment properly and also hood awards, became Eagle Scouts, and meet their family obligations.

went on missions. Today there are so many things to do I recall a former stake president whose ORDER so many things crowding us. In this enbusiness consistently took him far away vironment the words order and diligencefrom home a great deal of the time. He AND DILIGENCE are key words to success and happiness

never missed his church meetings. It was regardless of the activity we are engaged

often necessary for him to return home, Franklin D. Richards in.

attend his meetings that very night, and Assistant to the Council of the Twelve In meeting with stake and mission then leave again immediately. This leaders and other individuals, I fremeant traveling all night many times. My dear brothers and sisters, I appear quently ask them what their greatest

Expense and inconvenience were of little before you today with a humble heart needs are. Almost invariably they reply

consequence. and rejoice with you in the spirit and that among their greatest needs is "better

I know two counselors to stake presiproceedings of this great conference. I organization of their time and work"

dents who, even though away on busihave recently returned from an assignor in effect more order and diligence.

ness to distant cities, will interrupt their ment to the stakes and missions in And it is not infrequent that many ask business trips to return just to attend to Samoa, Fiji, New Zealand, and Austhe question, "How does one develop their church meetings and then return tralia, and I bring you the greetings and the traits of order and diligence?"Presiby air to their business appointments. the love of the Saints and missionaries dent McKay has given us some good

This is the kind of devotion to responsiin these wonderful areas. advice in this connection. He said,

bility that makes a champion of leaders: I am grateful for the privilege I have "Don't be too busy to meditate, and

the women who accepts the call to be the had of meeting with the people of the when the answer comes have the courage chorister in Primary, even though she South Pacific and bearing to them, as to execute it."

feels inadequate, and sticks at it week I do to you today, my testimony that Order commences with meditation;

after week until she succeeds; the Sunday God lives and is mindful of all of his and meditation includes thinking, anSchool teacher who is so interested in children; that Jesus is the Christ, our alyzing, prayer, fasting if needs be, and

her class that she spends hours preparRedeemer and Savior, the Only Bealways planning. Meditating requires

ing lessons so well that even the disintergotten of the Father in the flesh; that that time be regularly set aside to conested like to come; the drama director Joseph Smith was a prophet, commissider the things that you think you have

find do. times to have you you the instrument through Many to be in sioned understanding patient is so andwho the in to can do than you do more of the gospel fulness and which the to perform on the peopleteaching our

available. retime to for authority act has been God sister Society Reliefstage; the who

orderly pattern this develop in dispensation. you stored to an the earth To floors, washing hours scrubbingspends

I things you, consider facing the that rejoice in witness bearing always must sick for neighserving a mealsclothes, their importance, analyze a led great prophet and are list them guided by and we bor; the 12,000 young men and women today, our beloved President David O. in the order of their importance. After

who are serving as missionaries throughMcKay; and may the Lord bless and the things of prime importance are seout the world for The Church of Jesus sustain him and strengthen him. lected, develop a plan to accomplish

Christ of Latterday Saints, young people The work of the Lord is progressing these more important matters.

who are giving of themselves to their in the South Pacific areas at an accelPlanning involves further analysis fellow men, champions of the first erated rate. I found the same wonderful and developing of effective ways which

degree; and, of course, the example of spirit and the same problems facing the will save time and simplify the operaour beloved President who at 91 still people and the Church there as elsetion involved. Prayer is always desirable

does not find time to take a vacation where. We can be grateful, however, in planning the effective use of time.

from his responsibilities but continues that throughout the ages God has counMany are prone to do the easy things

1076 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and give those matters attention that necessary unto life and salvation."ness, we increase our effectiveness in our

seem to be the most pressing regardless (Sixth Lecture on Faith.) church assignments, and one of the great

of whether they are the most important To perform our assignments diligently, needs today in building the kingdom of or not, but through meditation, prayer, sacrifice of our time, talents, and means God is effective leaders. The Savior has

and planning you can select what might is frequently required, but we know that told us that "Not every one that saith be called the first things to do and work sacrifice brings forth the blessings of unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into out effective ways to do them. heaven. We are entitled to the blessings the kingdom of heaven; but he that

Undoubtedly the two most important which are predicated upon obedience to doeth the will of my Father...."(Matt.

first things for us to do in this life are this principle of sacrifice. The Lord has 7:21.) Note the words "... doeth the

to provide for our families and to assist said, "I, the Lord, am bound when ye will of my Father...."

in building the kingdom of God. As we do what I say; but when ye do not what Finally, again I cite the words of King

select first things and put them in pre- I say, ye have no promise."(D&C 82: Benjamin, "... it is expedient that he

ferred positions and work out a plan to 10.) should be diligent, that thereby he might

accomplish them, we are developing To be diligent in our work also means win the prize; therefore, all things must

orderly habits which will make it posto be effective and not just busy. The be done in order."(Mosiah 4:27.)

sible to serve in the Church and properly Lord recognized this difference between I bear witness, and I know that the care for our families. just being busy and being effective when witness I bear is true, that through order

In building the kingdom of God the in 1831 the elders were traveling down and diligence we can work in the

Lord has said that we should first learn the Missouri River in canoes. The Lord Church and properly take care of our

our duty. (See D&C 107:99.) He has said at that time, "... it is not needful families and win the prize of eternal

counseled us to seek out of the best books for this whole company of mine elders to life—of peace, happiness, and success

words of wisdom and to seek learning be moving swiftly upon the waters, through eternal progress.

even by study and by faith. (See ibid., whilst the inhabitants on either side are May we this day resolve to apply these

88:118.) Study should be rated among perishing in unbelief."(Ibid., 61:3.) Just basic principles of order and diligence

those things of first importance. In oras it was unnecessary for all of the elders in our lives and win the most worthganizing our time and work, time should to be moving swiftly upon the waters, while prize of all—eternal life—I praybe regularly allotted for personal study so it is with us—it is not necessary to in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

as well as study with our families. do many unessential things that keep us

In any successful endeavor we learn busy but result in little or no real beneour duty by having a clear understandfit to anyone.

ing of our responsibilities. Moses in Being diligent also requires faith in

speaking to his people charged them, the Lord Jesus Christ and in ourselves, "And thou shalt write upon the stones and making up our minds to be orderly all the words of this law very plainly."and diligent is a good part of having Saturday Evening General Priesthood Session

Israel faith In this in ourselves. 27:8.)(Deut. our asmanner Even though

October 3, 1964 its duties. Instructions learn signmentscould seem difficult, as we develop

from leaders should be, as Moses said, our faith and persevere, we are able to plain, in order that those affected might achieve our righteous objectives.easily learn their duties. Plainness genPresident Heber J. Grant frequently PRIESTHOOD

erally incorporates simplicity. Simple quoted from Emerson: "That which wethings are readily understood. The gospersist in doing becomes easy to do, not CORRELATION

pel is simple and was taught by the that the nature of the thing has changedSavior in a simple and beautiful way. but that our power to do has increased."AND THE

perlearn better to bringsSimplification understandbe diligent must one To EVENING HOME to provides eliminatend. theing time But endure to more and by severe—yes,

of ask, the to unessentials. what? end might Can we B. Lee Harold of to the to time a provide the with with our endure must day end be weingWe

of the Council Twelve Of the things together. tofamilies dedication enthusiasm In had do and same and we

planning the use of your time, I counsel at the beginning of the day even though you to spend as much time as possible faced with frustrations and problems. A week ago this afternoon I spent a

regularly with your families—say at Each year has 365 days, and each day has glorious hour in President McKay's

least two nights each week. As parents twentyfour hours, each requiring endurapartment office considering the subour obligation to our families not only ing to the end. However, remember what ject about which he wished me to talk:

includes seeing that they are fed, King Benjamin said: "... it is not rethe presentation of what he said our

clothed, and educated, but that their quisite that a man should run faster leaders have been talking about for spiritual needs are taken care of as well. than he has strength."(Mosiah 4:27.) fifty years—the importance of teachCertainly a good part of this must be He undoubtedly meant mental, physical, ing the gospel in the home. He indidone personally, such as having a weekly financial, or spiritual strength, or all cated that this would be something of

family night, taking vacations together, combined. a theme in this general priesthood

and going to Sacrament meeting as a In all phases of my personal experimeeting tonight.

family. ence I have found it wise to survey large With that much of a lead or a guide

By selecting first things to do and fields but cultivate small ones. In surto what I might say, I thought it wise

working out a plan to do them first, we veying large fields one in effect makes to take a look backward to pick up the have taken an important step toward a master plan which he later develops in thread of thinking of our leaders over accomplishing them. This is where orderly stages. This is a sound way to this fiftyyear period and glean from

diligence plays a big part. When the build and avoid many disappointments the wisdom of the past a guide to our

Lord counseled us to perform our assignwhich can result from overextending plans for the present as well as the ments in all diligence, he meant whether oneself. Surveying large fields and future.

it was convenient or not. cultivating small ones involves the prin- I thought to begin that review most

The Prophet Joseph Smith said, "that ciples of order and diligence and results properly we should give to you again a religion that does not require the in growth and development. These are what you have heard and read in some

sacrifice of all earthly things never has basic principles of eternal progression. of our official handbooks, the letter

power sufficient to produce the faith As we increase our personal effectivefrom the First Presidency a few years

PECEMBER 1964 1077 ago which actually laid the foundation of the gospel among the members of which are essential always to our and indicated the direction that the the Church. learning in the Lord's work. In decorrelation program should take. And Now, to give you just a quick statefining the fields in which the priestso I thought that probably I should ment as to the progress that has been hood quorums must take precedence:

read again one or two paragraphs by made up until now. We have enFirst, by a careful reading of the revelawhich you can follow the plan by which deavored to proceed as a Correlation tions we have found this:

the correlation is being developed. I Committee in an orderly and logical "The duty of the elders, priests,

quote from that letter: manner: first, by placing the priesthood teachers, deacons, and members of the

"The home is the basis of a rightquorums as the Lord has directed us church of Christ—An apostle is

eous life and no other instrumentality in his revelations; second, by giving an elder, and it is his calling to bapcan take its place nor fulfil its essenstrength to the home in ways that I tize;...

tial functions; the utmost the auxilwill presently outline as they have been "And to teach, expound, exhort, bapiaries can do is to aid the home in its approved by the First Presidency and tize, and watch over the church;...

problems, giving special aid and succor the Twelve; and third, by a total cor- "The priest's duty is to preach,

where such is necessary, that in aiding relation of the curricula and activities teach, expound, exhort, and baptize, the home the auxiliaries may well conof all the organizations, priesthood, and administer the sacrament, sider thinking of the homelife of the auxiliaries, institutes, and seminaries. "And visit the house of each mempeople as having three periods, the This last phase is now in its final ber, and exhort them to pray vocally

first, from birth to twelve years of age stages of development looking toward and in secret and attend to all family or the childhood period; then the youth full implementation. duties....

period from twelve years up to the One of the musts in this fully co- "The teacher's duty is to watch over early twenties; and then adulthood, ordinated church program is to get our the church always, and be with and

from the early twenties on to the end leaders—the General Authorities, genstrengthen them;...

of life. eral boards, stake, mission, ward, and "And is to be assisted always, in all

"... We feel assured that if the branch authorities—to "think"correhis duties in the church, by the deawhole Church curricula were viewed lation through these three heavencons, if occasion requires."(D&C 20:

from the vantage point of what we ordained institutions instead of diverting 38, 42, 4647, 53, 57.)

might term the total purpose of each to a fringe committee of some sort for After the Lord had given these plain and all of these [priesthood quorums a certain activity or instruction which instructions, one of the great reveand auxiliaries], it would bring about might well have been encompassed lations on priesthood closed with this such a collation and limitation of subwithin the boundaries of the completely great admonition with which you should jects and subject matters elaborated correlated priesthood, home, and auxbe familiar.

in various Auxiliary courses as would iliary responsibilities. "Wherefore, now let every man learn

tend to the building of efficiency in We have witnessed a tendency to use his duty, and to act in the office in the Auxiliaries themselves in the matin some cases the correlation program which he is appointed, in all diligence.

ter of carrying out the purposes lying of home teaching, for example, as the "He that is slothful shall not be behind their creation and function. "whipping boy"for any deficiencies in counted worthy to stand, and he that

"We would therefore commend to the performance of the various organilearns not his duty and shows himself you Brethren of the General Priesthood zations as compared to its previous not approved shall not be counted

Committee the beginning of an exhausfigures, and some would have us beworthy to stand."(Ibid., 107:99100.)

tive, prayerful study and consideration lieve that it is the home teaching proHome teaching then means "watchof this entire subject, with the coop- gram that has caused that downgrading ing over the Church"as the scriptures erative assistance of the Auxiliaries of comparative statistical figures. have defined it. Missionary work is

themselves so that the Church might Every auxiliary and priesthood but home teaching to those who are reap the maximum harvest from the leader in the Church is given a voice not now members of the Church, and devotion of the faith, intelligence, skill in the functioning of each organization home teaching is nothing more or less and knowledge of our various Auxiliary with the home teachers to see that than missionary work to church memOrganizations and Priesthood Comevery church member is given attenbers.

mittees."(Conference Report, April tion as needed. The major responsibility in mission1963, pp. 8283.) The real fault in many cases is with ary work has been given to the sevenThat's the end of the quotation. the leader who in the monthly ward ties quorums, aided by the Aaronic

In those instructions there were four council meeting should have aided in Priesthood. Quorums of seventy, we

important factors named in developperfecting the most effective correlahave heard during our entire lifeing effective correlation. First, we tion of.his particular organization time, are one day to be called out as

must see that the whole effort of corwith home teaching. We would like quorums to preach the gospel, and some

relation is to strengthen the home and those things kept in mind by all of you of us thought that meant to some farto give aid to the home in its probleaders as you move these programs away country. The day is here when

lems, giving it special aid and succor forward. seventies are being called as quorums,

as needed. In all this we recognize that we must where every member of the seventies

Second, the strength of the priestteach and reteach with patience and quorum can engage in some phase of hood must be fully employed within longsuffering until the basic fundamissionary work. We remember again

the total responsibility of priesthood mentals of correlation are fully unwhat the Lord said, that the Council quorums as clearly set forth in the revederstood and applied in every ward, of the Twelve should call upon the sevlations. priesthood quorum, and auxiliary orenties when in need of assistance to

Third, we must survey the purposes ganization, to the end that, hopefully, fill the various calls for preaching and lying behind the creation and purpose every General Authority, and stake, and administering the gospel instead of of each auxiliary organization. mission authority will catch the vision any others. This is not to be construed

And fourth, the prime and ultimate of the possibilities of a concentrated to lessen the feeling of every member objective of all that is done is the effort of church organization in a of the Church to be a missionary. The

building up of a knowledge of the gosmighty answer to the problems afflictmissionary plan calls for the Saints to pel, a power to promulgate the same, ing the world in which we live. cooperate fully as requested and led

a promotion of the faith, growth, and Now, we should make a restatement by their leaders. In stakes which

stronger testimony of the principles and recitation of those fundamentals presently have few seventies, other

1078 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA priesthood holders must be assigned to dent McKay spoke were given about these prime missionary duties. fifty years ago. I read from a letter

First, before I pass this subject, I sent out to the Church in 1915 over the should call attention to the fact that signature of President Joseph F.

our Aaronic Priesthood was given a Smith, Anthon H. Lund, and Charles

very vital place in the revela- W. Penrose. But I suppose it is sometions where the Lord told us: thing like Mark Twain said about the

"Therefore, take with you those who weather: "We talk a lot about the

are ordained unto the lesser priestweather, but we don't seem to do anyhood, and send them before you to thing about it."Now we have talked

make appointments, and to prepare the a lot about family home evenings, and way, and to fill appointments that you this is the announcement which was yourselves are not able to fill. made. After I have given you this I

"Behold, this is the way that mine will make a few comments and then apostles, in ancient days, built up my outline the program by which we are church unto me."(Ibid., 84:107108.) now to give strength to the teaching of

Babbitt, Lonnie Reno, deacons'Nevada, parents the in the family home. by the the Aaronic that becomes now And adviser, Webber, Cambridge, and Linda is a the letter. This quote from missionary commityouth chorister, Idaho, organPrimary former

advise urge the inauguraand priest, a a teacher, "We and deacon, ist, teacher.tee—aPriesthood and

with the bishopric heading up the tion of a 'Home Evening'throughout

Aaronic Priesthood, aided by the girls of ordination of church welfare under the the Church, at which time father comparable ages. They now are to endirection of the bishop. and mother may gather their boys and

list and to, shall I say, proselyte their Moving now to a correlated curricugirls about them in the home, and teach friends and bring them into church aclum and the activities of the priestthem the word of the Lord....

tivity programs. hood quorums, the fundamentals of This 'Home Evening'should be deIn the genealogical work, we recall this program, as I have told you, have voted to prayer, singing hymns,

the words of the Prophet Joseph: "The already been predetermined; what songs, instrumental music, scripture

greatest responsibility in this world will be taught, subjects taught from reading, family topics, and specific that God has laid upon us is to seek threeyear-olds up to the oldest adult, instructions on the principles of the after our dead."(Teachings of the and the general plan have already been gospel, and on the ethical problems of

Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 356.) And approved. Our committees are now life, as well as the duties and obligathen in a great revelation the Lord working on a fully coordinated tions of children to parents, the home,

said: program to present to the First the Church, society, and the nation."

"Now the great and grand secret of Presidency. We are hopeful that this Then to those who would put this

the whole matter, and the summum will be accomplished within the next family home hour or evening into pracbonum of the whole subject that is lyyear or so. tice the Presidency made this promise:

ing before us, consists in obtaining the In all of these studies we have never "If the Saints obey this counsel, we powers of the Holy Priesthood. For had absent from our minds the promise that great blessings will rehim to whom these keys are given responsibilities the Lord has placed sult. Love at home and obedience to

there is no difficulty in obtaining a upon the parents in the home in the parents will increase. Faith will be deknowledge of facts in relation to the teaching of our children. You recall veloped in the hearts of the youth of

salvation of the children of men, both what the Lord said: Israel, and they will gain power to

as well for the dead as for the living.""And again, inasmuch as parents combat the evil influences and tempta-

(DSC 128:11.) have children in Zion, or in any of her tions which beset them."

To provide an effective relationstakes which are organized, that teach Our Sunday School organization has ship with the priesthood, the high them not to understand the doctrine of been helping to emphasize this imporpriests group leader in each ward has repentance, faith in Christ the Son of tant responsibility by articles in The been designated as an adviser to the the living God, and of baptism and the Instructor and by a program which genealogical work. While all quorums gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on they have entitled, "Gospel Living in

have responsibility in genealogical of the hands, when eight years old, the Home."

work, the leadership and coordination the sin be upon the heads of the parOur Primary organization has had in the ward rest with the bishop and ents. what they have called a Primary Home

the high priests group leader. Mel- "For this shall be a law unto the inPartnership, by which the lessons

chizedek Priesthood quorums are right habitants of Zion, or in any of her taught in Primary are carried into now engaged in studying their place in stakes which are organized. the home, hopefully to become a part

the genealogical program in their Mel- "And their children shall be bapof the family home evening.

chizedek Priesthood quorum classes. tized for the remission of their sins President Joseph F. Smith, in com-

A scripture quoting King Benjamin when eight years old, and receive the menting about the responsibility of has long been quoted describing our laying on of the hands. parents in teaching their children, said

welfare program. Now we apply it to "And they shall also teach their this:

the priesthood quorums: "... I would children to pray, and to walk up- "Do not let your children out to

that ye should impart of your subrightly before the Lord. specialists in these things, but teach

stance to the poor,"he said, "every "And the inhabitants of Zion shall them by your own precept and exman according to that which he hath, also observe the Sabbath day to keep it ample, by your own fireside. Be a

such as feeding the hungry, clothing holy. specialist yourself in the truth. Let

the naked, visiting the sick and admin- "And the inhabitants of Zion also our meetings, schools and organiistering to their relief, both spiritually shall remember their labors, inasmuch zations, instead of being our only or and temporally, according to their as they are appointed to labor, in all leading teachers, be supplements to wants."(Mosiah 4:26.) faithfulness; for the idler shall be had our teachings and training in the

Here again, while all quorums are to in remembrance before the Lord."home. Not one child in a hundred

participate, the great strength of the (D&C 68:2530.) would go astray, if the home environelders quorums of the Church are The instructions to which I have ment, example and training, were in

specifically charged with advisory comade reference and about which Presiharmony with the truth in the gospel

DECEMBER 1964 1079 of Christ, as revealed and taught to ciety will teach a similar lesson once "The Family and the Patriarchal Orthe Latterday Saints."(Joseph F. a month in the Relief Society for the der."

Smith, Gospel Doctrine, p. 302.) mothers. As I read these proposed "Providing Opportunities and a PropAbout this same matter President lessons, the more of these weekly home er Environment for the Spirit Children

Wilford Woodruff said: lessons we can have taught in the of Our Heavenly Father to Come to

"It is one of the greatest blessings home, the better we will be able to corthis Earth."

that God ever bestowed upon children relate with the priesthood instruction "Teaching the Gospel of Jesus Christ that they have had parents who were and the Relief Society lessons. to Children."

in possession of true principles in reThere will be, we suppose, some op- "A Basic Unit of Society."

lation to their Heavenly Father, saltional activity. We are asking auxil- "Making Satisfactory Adjustments in

vation, eternal life, and were qualified iary heads to publish month by month Marriage."

and capable of teaching and traditionnext year suggestions for suitable ac- I came across one of the lessons for ating their children in the same that tivities for each age group represented the Relief Society to teach mothers they may be qualified to fulfil the ob-—the Primary for little children, the what their role is in teaching the gosject of their creation.... Ninetynine Era for teenage children, the Sunday pel in the home, and I found this rather

out of every hundred children who are School for both old and young, and the interesting observation, "How often in taught by their parents the principles Relief Society for mothers primarily. past years have we heard a Latterday

of honesty and integrity, truth and virThe time has now come when the Saint mother say, 'I wish my husband tue, will observe them through life."General Authorities have decided to could have heard the discussion today.

(Discourses of Wilford Woodruff, pp. correlate and coordinate all of these Had he done so, I am sure he would

266268.) efforts under the direction of the feel differently about a particular

And then from President Heber J. priesthood, and we announce, then, a problem we have in our home.'"It

Grant: new program to assist parents in the is a realistic observation that with

"I have heard men and women say teaching of the gospel in the home. widely divergent points of view the efthat they were going to let their sons This program, "Teaching and Living forts of one parent often may nullify

and daughters grow to maturity bethe Gospel in the Home,"is to be inthe efforts of the other parent, somefore they sought to teach them the augurated throughout the Church in times with great detriment to the principles of the gospel, that they were January 1965. As an example, the first persons involved and to the problems

not going to cram the gospel down four lessons for Primary children are which need to be resolved. The first

them in their childhood, before they as follows: Relief Society lesson is entitled "Inwere able to comprehend it. When I "I Am a Child of My Heavenly Fatroduction for Teaching the Gospel in

hear men and women say this, I think ther."the Home"; the second one, "The Eterthey are lacking faith in the princi- "I Am a Child of My Heavenly Father nal Family."

ples of the gospel and do not comprewith Special Gifts from Him."Simultaneously fathers and mothers

hend it as they should. The Lord has "I Am a Child of My Heavenly Father will be taught, and the home teachers

said it is our duty to teach our children—His Heir."in their visits to the homes of members

in their youth, and I prefer to take "As a Child of My Heavenly Father in December 1964 will explain the new

His word for it rather than the words I Have the Right to Pray to Him."program and will present the parents

of those who are not obeying His comThe Melchizedek Priesthood lessons, with the Home Evening Manual. Admandments. It is folly to imagine that as I have said, will be given throughditional instructions and suggestions

our children will grow up with a out the entire year of 1965 designed will be given to the home teachers durknowledge of the gospel without to help the fathers and every priesting 1965 so that they can be of assistteaching.... I may know that the goshood holder become better fathers and ance to the parents in strengthening

pel is true, and so may my wife; but husbands. The general theme of these home relationships.

I want to tell you that our children lessons is "Magnifying the Priesthood In order to introduce this program, will not know that the gospel is true, in the Home."As an example, the first it is proposed that at one of the first

unless they study it and gain a testiten lessons are as follows: priesthood meetings after this general

mony for themselves. Parents are de- "Why the Church Has Initiated conference there be a program carried

ceiving themselves in imagining that a Family Home Evening Program."out to introduce to the priesthood in

their children will be born with "Studying the Scriptures."each stake in the Church the family

a knowledge of the gospel."(Heber J. "Carrying Out the Challenge Relating home evening program. We have now

Grant, Gospel Standards, p. 155.) to the Program Given in Priesthood material which will be sent to you to

This next year will see some defiMeeting."give you suggestions on that program.

nite steps taken to strengthen the "Activities Outlined in Home ProIn introducing the program in each hands of the parents in carrying out gram."ward we have prepared a filmstrip on

these great Godgiven admonitions in "The Eternal Family Is One of the the family home evening program placing stress upon the teaching of the Most Important Ways to Obtain which may be available to every stake gospel in the home. The first step will Lasting Joy."and through the stake to every ward.

be to give every parent a set of lessons, The major objectives of the filmstrip one for each week throughout the are to explain the family home evening coming year, for them to teach the gosprogram, to interest and motivate pel to their family in the home. As we parents in implementing the program,

have talked about the frequency of and to demonstrate to parents methods this, we are not sure whether one for by which they can carry out the program every week, or three for a month, or in their own families.

two for a month, or one a month may These lessons can be adapted, and be the desirable, but we call your atsuggestions will be made in order to tention to this. I have studied the profit every age child in the home.

posed lessons which we are going to With that much having been said, we have studied by the priesthood quoBishop John Frame of Woodland Hills would like to call your attention to rums on the subject of what the Ward, Los Angeles, California, and wife what the Lord has said:

father's responsibility is in teaching Robin, social science teacher, Relief "How long can rolling waters remain the gospel in the home. The Relief SoSociety. impure? What power shall stay the

1080 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA heavens? As well might man stretch ner of the room talking to each other,

forth his puny arm to stop the Missouri and the mother of our oldest daughter river in its decreed course, or to turn said, "You know, from the time my it up stream, as to hinder the Almighty little girl was born, I have been prayfrom pouring down knowledge from ing all my life that somewhere a mother heaven upon the heads of the Latterwould be preparing a son worthy to day Saints."(D&C 121:33.) marry my daughter."And this other

We have discovered an interesting mother smiled and said, "Isn't that fact at our Mormon Pavilion at the strange? This is my only son who is

World's Fair in New York: that the being married to your daughter, andgreat strength of our pavilion as a ever since he was born, I, too, have A MAN

missionary project is not in the paintbeen praying that somewhere thereings, not in the sculpture work, not would be a mother preparing a daughOF THE of presentation thein the film, but in ter worthy to meet and to marry my PRIESTHOOD son."the priestmissionariesthe have who

hood of God and in the wonderful spirit It is that kind of home attention which our missionaries have. mothers preparing daughters, fathers President David O. McKay

As you go out tomorrow look to the and mothers, sons—that will make us Read by David Lawrence McKay,

east, just underneath the west towers and our homes stronger today. a son of President McKay

of the great Salt Lake Temple, and see One of the hopes we have in this a depiction of the dipper pointing toprogram is that the four standard To the seventy thousand or more priestward the North Star, which Truman works will be in the possession of every hood members assembled tonight, I

O. Angell said in an article in the Milboy and girl deacons age and older should like to quote the truth and the

lennial Star was to symbolize to the and that on Easter, on birthdays, on admonition given by Peter the chief

Church "that through the priesthood of Christmas, on New Year's, you make Apostle to the members of the priesthood

God, the lost might find their way."this a part of your family giving to over nineteen hundred years ago. That

May every priesthood holder remember your children, so they may have the chief Apostle wrote these lines and adthat responsibility. joy of personally owning the Bible, the dressed them to the elders of that time:

I was at Boston Stake conference a Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and "... I exhort, who am also an elder,

few weeks ago. We installed a young Covenants, and the Pearl of Great and a witness of the sufferings of Christ,

pilot who had served in the Air Force, Price, and from these precious pages and also a partaker of the glory that a fighter pilot, as a counselor in the begin to be instructed in the ways of shall be revealed:

stake presidency. I was very much the Lord. "Feed the flock of God which is

impressed by his feeling of responsiAs I thought of what we are doing among you, taking the oversight thereof, bility. He said something which I want now and its possible impact, the words not by constraint, but willingly; not for

to impress upon you leaders throughof the Prophet Micah came, "But in filthy lucre, but of a ready mind;

out the entire Church. He said, "I am the last days it shall come to pass, "Neither as being lords over God's

very fearful of this responsibility now as that the mountain of the house of the heritage, but being ensamples to the a member of the stake presidency, beLord shall be established in the top of flock.

cause I have come to know that the the mountains, and it shall be exalted "And when the chief Shepherd shall most dangerous of all traffic aids is a above the hills; and people shall flow appear, ye shall receive a crown of glory

fallen lighthouse, since so many people unto it. that fadeth not away.

depend upon it for guidance and for "And many nations shall come, and "Likewise, ye younger, submit yoursafety."say, Come, and let us go up to the selves unto the elder. Yea, all of you be

To have a leader that fails, a "fallen mountain of the Lord, and to the subject one to another, and be clothed lighthouse"upon whom God depends house of the God of Jacob; and he will with humility: for God resisteth the

in a ward or stake or in a general cateach us of his ways, and we will walk proud, and giveth grace to the humble.

pacity, is the most dangerous thing in in his paths: for the law shall go forth "Humble yourselves therefore under

the world, because so many are dependof Zion, and the word of the Lord from the mighty hand of God, that he may ing on the functioning of that particuJerusalem."(Mic. 4:1-2.) exalt you in due time:

lar man. And so we propose to I say to you Latterday Saint "Casting all your care upon him; for

give out to the Church now these plans mothers and fathers, if you will rise he careth for you.

which we ask you as stake leaders to to the responsibility of teaching your "Be sober, be vigilant; because your

in stakes your children in the as prepared the devil, lion, to announce adversary a roaringbe home—priesthood

this conferthe preparing quorums seeking can after about,as fathers, the walketh soon as you he may whom ence. We will give you materials to Relief Society the mothers—the day devour:

help train your ward people and home will soon be dawning when the whole "Whom resist stedfast in the faith, teachers in order that we may get off world will come to our doors and will knowing that the same afflictions are acat the beginning of the year in this say, "Show us your way that we may complished in your brethren that are in great project of the Lord, that for walk in your path."the world."(1 Peter 5:1-9.)

fifty years has been urged and now is May the Lord bless us all. We thank These instructions are nineteenhun-

to be strengthened by a set of planned the Lord tonight for a prophet leader dredyears old, yet new today, and just lessons for the parents in the home, who has the vision and courage to conas applicable as then to the elders of actually outlined for the parents to tinue to guide us and to point the way this Church. Peter said they should be

teach their children and to carry out to the strengthening of the Church "ensamples to the flock."I should just

appropriate activities to aid in the through the priesthood of Almighty like to ask if that example starts at strengthening of the home. As I have God which I bear testimony in his home. What better place to exercise the

thought of home night, I have thought power and in his authority for the salvalofty ideals of the priesthood?

of my own family, and I suppose all of tion of all mankind within the limitaThe older I grow, the more grateful you have as you have been listening. tions as indicated by each setting apart I am for my parents, for what they did

When our oldest daughter was to be by the laying on of hands. To that I in that old country home. They lived the

married to a fine Latterday Saint bear humble testimony in the name of gospel. Father used to preach it, parboy the two mothers were in the corJesus Christ. Amen. ticularly to visitors who came, more than

DECEMBER 1964 1081 to us boys and girls; but both Father wife disrespectfully. No man who holds The Lord must be very pleased about

and Mother lived the gospel. I realize that priesthood should fail to ask the the prospects for his Church in the

more than ever before that my testimony blessings on his food or to kneel with future, and, of course, the most gratiof the reality of the existence of God his wife and children and ask for God's fying aspect of all is the fact that dates back to that home when I was a guidance. A home is transformed bethere are hundreds and hundreds of

child, and it was through their teachings cause a man holds and honors the young men—deacons, teachers, andand their examples that I received, even priesthood. We are not to use it dictapriests—from all over the Church who

as a child, the absolute knowledge that torially, for the Lord has said that could have represented their quorums

God is my Father, that I received then "... when we undertake to cover our here tonight with sincerity, with abilthe knowledge of the reality of the sins, or to gratify our pride, our vain ity, and with a fervent testimony that

spiritual world, and I testify to you toambition, or to exercise control or doGod lives.

night that that is a reality. minion or compulsion upon the souls of What causes a boy to think this way?

It is easy for me to accept as a divine the children of men, in any degree of What is it that gives spiritual dimentruth the fact that Christ preached to the unrighteousness, behold the heavens sion during teenage years? Certainly,

spirits in prison while his body lay in withdraw themselves; the Spirit of the in the eyes of the world, this type of

the tomb. It is true. And it is just as easy Lord is grieved; and when it is withthinking should come much later in

for me to realize that one may so live drawn, Amen to the priesthood or the life, but we Mormons seem to be difthat he may receive impressions and authority of that man."(D&C 121:37.) ferent. These two young men have been

direct messages through the Holy Ghost. That revelation given by the Lord to the obviously welltrained. The academic

The veil is thin between those who hold Prophet Joseph Smith is one of the quality of their talks has been supethe priesthood and those on the other most beautiful lessons in pedagogy or rior. How grateful we are to the public

side of the veil. psychology and government ever given, schools and to church activity that have

That testimony began, was borne in and we should read it over and over made this excellence possible that home, because of the example of again in the 121st section of the DocHowever, the thing that has made a man who lived the priesthood and a trine and Covenants. these talks truly outstanding is their

wife who sustained him and lived it Let us realize that we are members rich spiritual dimension and sincerity.

in the home. I do not know that Peter of the greatest fraternity, the greatest Truly, this has enabled their messages

had that in mind, particularly, when brotherhood—the brotherhood of Christ through the Spirit of the Lord to sinkhe mentioned "being ensamples to the—in all the world, and do our best each deeply into the hearts and minds of

flock"(ibid., 5:3), but I do know that day, all day, to maintain the standards those of us who have been privileged

each home is a part of that flock. The of the priesthood. to listen.

influence you spread in your home will Let us live honest, sincere lives. Let This is the same sincerity and spirit

go throughout the ward, the stake, and us be honest with ourselves, honest of testimony that makes a Mormon then will go throughout the city, the with our brethren, honest with our missionary successful in his field of state, the country, and the world. family, honest with men with whom labor. His discussion, his testimony is

The most precious thing in the world we deal, always honest, for eyes are not a mere communication of words.

is a testimony of the truth. Truth never upon us, and the foundation of all It is much more than that. It is a

grows old, and the truth is that God is character rests upon the principles of transmittal of the Spirit of God into the source of your priesthood and mine, honesty and sincerity. the hearts of those receptive to his

that he lives, that Jesus Christ stands at God is guiding this Church. Be true message.

the head of this Church, and that every to it. Be true to your families, loyal to Speaking of this spiritual dimension,

man who holds the priesthood, if he them. Protect your children. Guide them, may we acknowledge the hand of the

lives properly, soberly, industriously, not arbitrarily, but through the kind Primary teachers, the Sunday School, humbly, and prayerfully, is entitled to example of a father, a loving mother, the MIA, priesthood advisers, semithe inspiration and guidance of the Holy and so contribute to the strength of the nary instructors, and bishops in helping

Spirit. I know that it is true! Church by exercising your priesthood to mold this spiritual image which is

God help us to defend the truth in your home and in your lives, I pray such a vital factor among our youth.

better than that, to live it, to exemplify in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. But may we, most of all, pay tribute to

it in our homes. What we owe to our loving and devoted parents who are

parents we cannot express. Are you going not too busy, not too preoccupied to

to have that same influence on your teach their children to pray, to worship, children, you parents—fathers and mothto be unselfish, and to study not only

ers? Never set an improper example the academic requirements but also

before them. You are men of the priestthose things called spiritual.

hood, and you are leaders. Never let When should parents start teaching

them hear a cross word. You should spirituality? Spirituality is taught in

control yourself. He is a weak man who the first hour of the first day of a

flies into a passion, whether he is workbabe's mortal existence, for the deeping a machine, plowing, or writing, or est expression of spirituality is love;

in thewhatever he be doing home. may is expressed a as only love and when fly SPIRITUAL the priesthood not should is a love, there express man ofA parent can

a dignified.into passion. Learn to be in registration and definite made DIMENSION real

of hold the priesthood babe. of the tiniest To God by dithe heart and mind

vine authority is one of the greatest Everyone here has seen a babe in a gifts that can come to- a man, and worthiBishop Robert L. Simpson high chair, closing his eyes and bowing

ness is of first importance. The very Of the Presiding Bishopric his head as the blessing is said on the

essence of priesthood is eternal. He is food, even before he is able to walk.

greatly blessed who feels the responsiMy dear brethren, I feel great strength We can't start too soon, brethren. We

bility of representing Deity. He should in the presence of the priesthood. How must start on the very first day of life.

feel it to such an extent that he would thrilling it has been to listen to these What must we do to give this spirbe conscious of his actions and words young men [Grant Pace and Scott itual dimension to our children? Where

under all conditions. No man who holds Peterson, whose addresses will be do we find time? Is ten minutes a day

the Holy Priesthood should treat his published in the Conference Report]. too much? Few stories from the scrip1082 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tures would take more than ten mintion was not too serious, and things ever held in the history of the world?

utes to retell in the vocabulary of your were all right in a very short time, but President McKay has suggested that children, whatever the age might be. I was grateful once more for parental 70,000 men and boys are assembled all

Yes, these stories are told and retold teachings that gave this boy a conscience. holding the priesthood of our Heavenly

in the auxiliaries of the Church but To him, the privilege of holding the Father. Find me the equal to it. It

never with quite the same impact that priesthood was sacred and was incomjust doesn't exist, for this is his is found as a parent tells the story in patible with his fleeting moment of Church, and this meeting tonight is an the environment of the home and the weakness during the past day or so. evidence of it.

fireside. Incidentally, I might report that he We are showing the way to the world,

Just this week a fine bishop who has found during this episode that it was brethren. What more common ground

traveled 8,000 miles to this conference, not possible to lay aside the priesthood could a father and a son have to start all the way from New Zealand, told of for a few days by simply handing over a heartto-heart talk? You both hold

how he had recently read a Book of his certificate. I am certain there are the priesthood of God. You have everyMormon story to his children before many who wish it were this easy. thing worth having in common so

bedtime. It was the touching story of Oh, -what a sad thing it is to see long as you honor it and magnify it.

Nephi as he suffered persecution at young men compromise their priestAs we preside over the affairs of the hands of his own brothers. Bishop hood obligation through the dangerous our homes, dads, it becomes largely a

Palmer described the tears of sympractice of rationalization. The advermatter of motivating members of the

pathy streaming down the cheeks of sary is quick to help anyone develop family in the proper direction. I underhis young son as the story unfolded. the knack of convincing himself that stand from the experts that there are

Yes, brethren, our children have an almost anything is okay under certain five basic methods of motivation: love,

amazing capacity for spiritual teachconditions. duty, reward, fear, and force. Now

ing at a most tender age, and somehow We listened to a good illustration fear and force are tools of the adverit becomes extra special when taught here tonight about the difference besary and typify organizations of his by the parents in the home. tween black and white and all the making. No parent has ever been able

Now, may I divert momentarily to shadings of gray. Sometimes the adto secure a real and longlasting obtell you of the great spiritual strength versary is sitting there on our shoulder jective with a child using either of

Sister Simpson and I felt from two trying to take us into that area of these methods. While the immediate

teenage youngsters who stood at the base gray just a little farther. purpose is almost always guaranteed;

of the stairs leading to the glistening I shall never forget the prime exin terms of eternity, they always fail.

New Zealand Temple on the eve before ample of rationalization. It was an exDue to the human element in all of

its dedication in 1958. Because it was perience I had during a visit to a prison us, there is often merit in the reward

after dark, the temple appeared to be at the request of the warden. He wanted incentive program. A desire for a Cersuspended in space as large floodlights someone to give a word of encouragetificate of Achievement, an Individual

bathed it in a fluorescent, bluish glow. ment to three boys claiming to be Award, or a Duty to God recognition

It was beautiful to behold. Latterday Saints. I met these three has paid handsome dividends through

The youngsters had just completed young men, and found out right away the years in encouraging young people a long tedious journey in an open truck, that although they had been baptized, to greater church activity. On the

and as they arrived, they ran directly they had not had the benefit of parental other hand, we see frequent examples from the truck to the temple steps. teaching. They knew very little about of selfishness being built up in the hearts

This was a dream come true. They the Church, but they did know they of children as the reward program is

were looking at a temple of the Lord were Latterday Saints. carried to excess by unthinking parents

for the first time in their young lives. An arrangement was made that I who give too freely to their children and

After a moment of silence, one of them might talk to each of them privately. keep giving and giving and giving.

finally spoke and said, "Let us go up During our discussions, I found out All should be sensitive to duty. We

where we can touch it."After a few that the first two young men were in are a part of society, a social organishort moments the other one said, "Do prison for stealing. As I turned my zation or a religious group, and as

you really think we should?"attention to the third young man, I such we have an obligation to the

Then following a short discussion, said, "I suppose you are in here for group, not always at our personal conboth agreed that it would be better stealing?"He stood up to his full statvenience. We are sometimes moved to

to wait until morning after they had ure, and he said, "Elder, I wouldn't good works simply because it is our had a chance to clean up and put on steal. My mother taught me never to duty to do so, and a Godgiven contheir finest Sunday clothes before gosteal anything from anyone. I wouldn't science will not let us rest until our

ing up to touch the house of the Lord. go into a house or store and take anyduty is done. We should feel very sorry

As Sister Simpson and I stood there thing that wasn't mine. I'm not in here for people without conscience. It is a

unnoticed by these two young people, for stealing. I'm in here for forgery."manifestation of selfishness, in my

our hearts were overjoyed at the Well, now, brethren of the priesthood, opinion.

thought of parental teaching that had how about this gray area? That was But first and foremost, at the top of

given this spiritual dimension to the pretty dark gray I would say. I think the list, second to none, brethren, is

youth of Zion, way down in the South he was over in the black. But I want that motivation which is love. "If ye

Pacific. to tell you we have to be on constant love me, keep my commandments."

On another occasion in faroff New guard for this thing called rationaliz- (John 14:15.) Obedience will always

Zealand, a young Maori boy, who was ation. be the result of love. It is an eternal

a teacher in the Aaronic Priesthood, I see hundreds of fathers in the Tabprinciple. More love in. our hearts

came to our elders'quarters, arousing ernacle tonight with their sons. What increases our capacity for love and,

us in the middle of the night. In his a glorious sight this is. The Lord must consequently, greater devotion and an

hand was a piece of paper, and in his be very pleased, for there are scores even greater degree of obedience. And

eyes there were tears. "Elder Simpof meetinghouses all over this contiafter we are more obedient, we have

son, will you please keep my teacher's nent with other dads sitting in this greater capacity for love and on it certificate for me for a few days? Will priesthood meeting with their sons. goes like an endless spiral upward,

you keep it for me until I can make Do you realize that there are probably terminating in the presence of our myself worthy of it once again?"more fatherson combinations in this Heavenly Father.

I am pleased to say that the infracmeeting tonight than in any meeting My final plea tonight is to all youth

DECEMBER 1964 1083 of the Aaronic Priesthood and conferent places to hear the messages that We as a group have responsibilities in cerns one of the most important of have been given to us here tonight. the home, and I would like to emphaGod's commandments. It was given to I thought what beautiful messages size that tonight. I haven't time to

the children of Israel and has never and instructions we have received and preach to you, for which I am sure been set aside nor altered through the scriptures have been quoted to let us you are glad, but I would like to give you ages. "Honour thy father and thy know what our responsibilities are as two or three experiences, and I hope you

mother: that thy days may be long priesthood holders and members of famidon't mind my using my own family. I

upon the land which the Lord thy God lies. And as I listened to President am going to give you three experiences

giveth thee."(Exod. 20:12.) This is McKay's message to us tonight, I that we actually had in home night

our duty. Our spiritual Father has thought of all the work that he has done programs, taken from three different

spoken out of his love for us. And as we and the progress he has made, and families of my daughters and their husdo our duty and keep this commandthough he is loved by everyone and rebands. The last one I am going to menment the very process of honoring our spected by everyone regardless of race tion first.

parents will promote a love and affecor creed, he says, through his son When we were at Waterton Lake this tion that will eventually replace the tonight, that he gives great credit for that summer, with Grandpa and Grandma duty aspect and bring an eternal love to his family and the teachings that he there, we had two or three families tointo the family circle. received in the home. gether. Do you know what those kids

An unkind word of disrespect to a I am happy to face this body of priestwanted to do? They wanted to have

parent is incompatible with the priesthood tonight and ask you this question: family night, and we did. One of the

hood. If such has been the case, we Do you really believe and appreciate the boys who is a deacon was asked to take

must seek help from the Lord in ferfact that the priesthood which you hold charge, because their fathers were abvent prayer to overcome a tendency is the power of God, delegated to you to sent and he was the only deacon there that, if continued, will assuredly stand act in his name in the things which you in that group and there was no one who between us and the ultimate presence are directed to do when you are ordained held higher priesthood. But in the disof the Lord. to the priesthood you hold and the cussion the one boy said, "What should

Now, what about the promise associoffice therein? you do when you are out with young

ated with this commandment, "... that Brethren, if we did nothing more than fellows camping or with a group out

thy days may be long upon the land answer that question and leave the away from home fishing or anything of which the Lord thy God giveth thee"? buildings in which we are meeting tothe kind, and when you go to bed you

(Idem.) This is not only a promise night with a determination that we want to pray?"

of a maximum mortal span but an eterwould keep the covenants we made Someone suggested, "Well, you might nal promise as well. President Joseph when we were ordained to the priestgo outside and pray, outside the tent.

Fielding Smith made it very clear hood and let our lives be lives of exOr if you're in a home, or a building yesterday morning that this earth upon ample to our children, to one another, where there is a bathroom, you might which we live will be celestialized. May and to the world, our gathering would go in the bathroom and pray."

we not then logically conclude, brethren, be very, very profitable indeed. Another one said, "Well, couldn't you

that as we honor our mothers and our Every father present and listening in go to bed and pray?"

fathers, we can also think in terms of was a boy who held the Aaronic PriestOne of the girls of the same age spoke living on this goodly land forever and hood not long ago and the boys that are up and said, "Why can't you pray where ever, provided the other areas of our lives listening in tonight—these young men they are?"She said, "I have been out are worthy of a celestial reward. That who gave us such beautiful talks—will with a group of girls, and I have prayed

we might stay long upon the land that be holding the Melchizedek Priesthood with those girls there. All the girls pray,

God has given us, I pray in the name in a very few years and occupying the at least they did when I was with them.

of Jesus Christ. Amen. seats and the offices, carrying the reThey knelt down and prayed when

sponsibilities that are being held by I did."

every man in this building and in the I thought there was a very fine anbuildings in which you are gathered toswer, and I would like to give my exnight, even as the President of the perience, in addition to that. I have

Church. never found it embarrassing after the

What a wonderful thing to think first time I knelt down to pray where about, brethren. And it is because of the other men were associated. But more

priesthood which you hold. The future than once I have seen men kneel down

and success of these boys, these young when I knelt down, or when I got up, I men who hold the Aaronic Priesthood, found them kneeling down offering depend on the way their fathers live and prayer. I am as sure as I am that I stand

regularly would, pray of life. he doesn't I though they want out determine PREPARATION theythe way the boys determine to live, what here that every man wherever he may be,

great himself in very if he found brethren, they want to tell you, want BY THE HOME to be like their dads. Some would like or emergency, be glad to call upondangerGod.

for being one apologize not better, need their to be dads but they still We FOR PRIESTHOOD calls he Lord and knows their dads. like on the who to be want

I received a letter from a missionary stands ready to answer our prayers. LEADERSHIP just the other day, and he said, "I wish Another home night—this time we you would take time to go and talk to had all the families together—and this

President N. Eldon Tanner my dad. See just how he feels about the is regarding a boy from another family.

Of the First Presidency Church. See if he can be ready to go to He was seventeen years of age. We had

the temple when I get home."Now his each one participate one way or anBrethren, it is truly a great privilege dad is proud to have him in the mission, other. We held a little discussion. But

for each and every one of us to meet very happy to support him there, but for when we came to this young man, he with the priesthood. I suppose that tosome reason he is not prepared to do said, "Grandpa, do you think it would

night we have the largest gathering of what he agreed to do, to keep the covebe all right for me to give the First the priesthood ever recorded in the nant he took upon himself when he was Discussion tonight?"

in difordained as an elder in the Church. I said, "I think it would be fine."history of the world—gathered

1084 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He said, "Well, I have the material I want to tell you, President Smith, here and I would like this family to be when I was presiding over the West the investigators, and I would like to European Mission and attended a congive the First Discussion."ference here, you pleaded with all of us

Seventeen years of age, and he did it to read the Book of Mormon, and I went beautifully! Why? Because his family home and read the Book of Mormon.

had set out to teach him that he should You asked us to do it before Christmas, be prepared to go on a mission. Now and I did it before Christmas. I didn't

there is a great difference, brethren, in have much to do over there as President being prepared to go on a mission and of the West European Mission, did I, being given the idea you should go on Brother Petersen? Well, I found that I

a mission. There is some social pressure could read the Book of Mormon long KEEP THEthere when you try to make someone before Christmas, and I got busy—I'm

to fill President thank want a should missionfeel that he because not boasting—I COMMANDMENTS

the is read Book of I got busy andeverybody going mission. a on The Smith.

after andPresident Mormon, says a should you misgo on President Hugh B. Brown read Mormon, I for is the thing the NewI readTestament,the Book theof propersion, and it a boy

to do. But it is most important that our Doctrine and Covenants, and the Pearl Of the First Presidency

boys prepare to go and fill honorable of Great Price, and finished it up before missions, realizing that they are going Christmas night. I want to thank you, I commend to all what has been said by

out as ambassadors of the Lord and not President Smith. the various speakers. I have appreciated

just to be like other boys. And I would like to make this appeal so much what these young boys have said

I have heard parents say to their tonight to every man who is here or elsetonight, the wonderful message of the daughters, "Now you be sure that you where under the sound of my voice, that President, Brother Simpson's timely inget the right kind of husband. Don't you read the Book of Mormon before the struction, and Brother Lee's part of the

ever marry anybody that isn't worthy of end of this year. Now that's not asking program which was so very important to

you."Well, I don't know whether my too much, I don't care how busy you are, all of us. We commend it to you. We

philosophy is good or not, but we have because I have proved it. And I want trust that all will undertake to profit by

five daughters, and I said to those girls, to tell you it will be worth a great deal what Brother Lee has told us.

"You be sure you are prepared for the to you, and how much better it would "Every man,"James M. Barrie said,

best man you can get. That's the thing be if your time could be arranged so "is a diary in which he means to write

another, in one story and his read theI and writes Book you of Mormon to do, to that want you prepared girls—be

other so that hour he compares of humblest your the is when members home of thebe kind should be, mother you the kind of wife you should be, the kind the family can hear it and have it disthe volume as it is with what he vowed of member of the Church you should be cussed and learn something about it. to make it."

I think it important as we think—so that you are worthy of the best man Brethren, you are the head of your

available, and you will be much more homes. Be worthy of being head of the of life, its opportunities its possibililikely to get that right kind of husband."house. Make your family proud and ties, its challenges, its inspirations, that

Another little example of how another make it profitable for them that you are we undertake to qualify ourselves to one of the families is preparing. The two the head of the house. Live a life that is receive from the Holy Spirit the inolder boys were thirteen and fourteen a worthy example to them that they struction and direction from day to

when this incident took place. The might follow it and that the work of the day that will keep us in the path of

mother arranged to get the phonograph Lord might go forward, realizing that the duty.

records of the Book of Mormon. She said greatest influence in the life of any indiMay I make a suggestion, and I

to these two boys, "Now look, here is a vidual is the influence in the home. thought of it after I came into the

Book of Mormon for each one of you. May they gain testimonies of the truthbuilding tonight. I wish the head of

We will play these records and you read fulness of the gospel because we are their every house would get a large cardthe Book of Mormon while the record fathers, because we are members of the board and print on it by hand in letters is playing. And when you finish this, Church holding the priesthood, I pray in large enough to be seen across the room

if you finish it by a certain time, I will the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. the twentieth chapter of Exodus, the

give you each ten dollars with the unthird through the seventeenth verses.

derstanding that half of that ten dollars Will you put that on the wall where you goes into your missionary fund."and other members of the family will see

I think that mother is preparing her it every day. Read it, assimilate its

boys to go on missions. She is using the meaning, profit by its instruction.

time profitably. It gives them an opporAnd then get another cardboard

tunity to discuss the Book of Mormon the same size and write on that one and for them to read it while they listen the fifth chapter of Matthew, from the to it being read beautifully. As she rethird through the twelfth verses. If

ported on it, she said how profitable it you will put these side by side and read readhad been to the boys and the whole them every morning—you can

family. The other children wanted to do them while you are shaving or washing

the same thing when they heard the or getting ready to go to work or to older boys. What a wonderful thing it is school—they will remind you of who you

to teach the gospel to your children. are and what is expected of you.

President Joseph Fielding Smith told I am going to take just a moment to us yesterday that his father gave him a read quickly what I want to recommend copy of the Book of Mormon and asked that you put in your rooms."

him to read it, and he did read it, and it "Thou shalt have no other gods bewas very helpful to him. See how far he fore me.

has gone in the Church, and now he is David Galloway, priest, and Dana "Thou shalt not make unto thee any accepted as one of the greatest authoriEichelberger, both students at Provo graven image, or any likeness of any ties of the scriptures. (Utah) High School. thing that is in heaven above, or that

DECEMBER 1964 108S is in the earth beneath, or that is in and thirst after righteousness: for they

the water under the earth: shall be filled.

"Thou shalt not bow down thyself to "Blessed are the merciful: for they

them, nor serve them: for I the Lord shall obtain mercy.

thy God am a jealous God, visiting the "Blessed are the pure in heart: for

iniquity of the fathers upon the chilthey shall see God.

dren unto the third and fourth genera- "Blessed are the peacemakers: for

tion of them that hate me; they shall be called the children of God.

"And shewing mercy unto thousands "Blessed are they which are perseSunday Morning Session, of them that love me, and keep my cuted for righteousness'sake: for theirs October 4, 1964

commandments. is the kingdom of heaven.

"Thou shalt not take the name of the "Blessed are ye, when men shall reLord thy God in vain; for the Lord vile you, and persecute you, and shallwill not hold him guiltless that taketh say all manner of evil against you THE ROAD

falsely.his name in vain.

"Rejoice, the sabbath day, to keep... and be exceeding glad: for TO DAMASCUS "Remember

it holy. great is your reward in heaven: for so

"Six days shalt thou labour, and do persecuted they the prophets which Howard W. Hunter

all thy work: were before you."(Ibid., 5:2-12.) Of the Council of the Twelve

"But the seventh day is the sabbath I wanted to leave this as a of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt challenge, for I am persuaded that if I would like to invite you to turn back

not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor I can start my day right by reading the pages of history nearly two thousand thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy some appropriate scripture and then years and walk with me down Damascus maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy kneel and ask God to help me to reRoad. This ancient way commences at

stranger that is within thy gates: member it, and then if through the day one of the gates through the north wall

"For in six days the Lord made I can remember that I am going to of the city of Jerusalem; winds through

heaven and earth, the sea, and all talk to him again that night and rethe hills of Judea; crosses the Jordan

that in them is, and rested the seventh port on what I have been doing and River, the plains of the Decapolis east day: wherefore the Lord blessed the how well I have kept my covenant, I of Galilee; and goes over the plateau to

sabbath day, and hallowed it. believe it would help me to be a better the city of Damascus, the oldest con-

"Honour thy father and thy mother: man. tinuously inhabited city in the world.

that thy days may be long upon the God bless you, my brethren, you It was on this road, two or three years land which the Lord thy God giveth who are present in this great audiafter the crucifixion and resurrection of thee. torium and you other thousands out the Savior, that a marvelous event took

"Thou shalt not kill. there, to whom the President of the place which changed the course of a

"Thou shalt not commit adultery. Church has addressed such a moving man's life and in turn has had an effect

"Thou shalt not steal. appeal. I pray that God will bless the upon the lives of millions of persons.

"Thou shalt not bear false witness head of every family that it may be In the city of Tarsus, the Hellenistic against thy neighbour. like these two men here sitting by their capital city of Cilicia which was rival to

"Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's boys, preparing them for the calls Alexandria and Athens, was born a house, thou shalt not covet thy neighthat are to come to them. Many of you Jewish boy who was given the name of

bour's wife, nor his manservant, nor have your sons with you tonight. I Saul. By birth he was a Roman citizen

his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his want to tell you that no boy needs because Cilicia had become a Roman ass, nor any thing that is thy neighto have a board and a chalk to tell how province under the great Roman general bour's."(Exod. 20:3-17.) big he is if there is the kind of man and statesman, Pompey. History has not

Let each one of us read that every around that he would like to be. That recorded much of his early childhood,

day and then pray to the Lord before is the way boys react to the actions of and we have very little information congoing to school or to work and say to their elders. cerning his father and mother, but it

him, "For today I am going to keep God bless the young people. God bless is assumed by most scholars that they

the Ten Commandments."Israel, and may his peace and blessing were people of means and position. His

And then turn to the other, which be with all of us now and forevermore. father was a Pharisee, one of the two

is more of the positive than negative I leave my testimony and my blessing major religious and political divisions approach. To the Israelites it was with you humbly in the name of Jesus of Judaism. The Pharisees were the

largely "Thou shalt not,"but Jesus Christ. Amen. leading sect and held most of the politiwhen he came to serve said: "Ye have cal offices in the state as well as the

heard that it hath been said, Thou high priestly offices. They believed in a

shalt love thy neighbour, and hate resurrection and in a future life where thine enemy. But I say unto you,..."men would be rewarded or punished

(Matt. 5:4344.) And all through he according to their deeds in this life. The

says, "... it hath been said.... But I Sadducees, on the other hand, denied a

say unto you...."And then he gives resurrection. The Pharisees observed the

us a list of those who are to be counted law of the Sabbath, tithing, and cereamong the blessed. monial purity. They were known for

of the knowledge comprehensive he opened his mouth, and their "And it. of their strict observance law and saying,taught them,

of his in the footsteps followed are in spirit: for Saul "Blessed the poor

Pharisee. father devoted a and was

theirs is the of heaven. kingdom of learned the trade Tarsus he At

"Blessed are they that mourn: for Ila Jean Huskinson, Rexburg, Idaho; working with his hands in weaving

Lee Johnson, Sharon Yakima, Washing. comforted.they shall be it cloth goat's-hair in fabricating and ton, agegroup counselor MIA; in BYU are "Blessed is not inconsistent with into tents. This Pixton, Angeles, active the meek: for they Richard in Los

shall inherit the earth. ward music and advancement chairman, the assumption that he was a student

"Blessed are they which do hunger Boy Scout troop committee. of the law because Jewish students were

1086 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA taught a trade so that they might prothem out. His zeal as a defender of the in Jerusalem and knew of the authority

vide for themselves by their own hands. faith was unloosed against the followhe had received to arrest the believers

While in his youth, Saul went to ers of Jesus. A Christian man's house in Christ in Damascus, but he did as

Jerusalem to be educated as a rabbi at was no longer his castle, for Saul entered the Lord instructed. When he came to

the feet of Gamaliel, who was considered into every house and dragged both men the house of Judas, he found Saul and the most outstanding teacher of his and women before the magistrates, who laid his hands on him and administered time. This great rabbi and doctor of the in turn committed them to prison. to him saying, "... brother Saul, the

law taught the doctrine of strict comApparently Saul, one of the main inLord, even Jesus, that appeared unto pliance with the law, which was fundastigators of the persecutions, feared the thee in the way as thou earnest, hath mental with the Pharisees, yet he was spread of the gospel of Christ to more sent me, that thou mightest receive thy liberal in some respects, and his teachdistant places. He went to the high priest sight, and be filled with the Holy

ings were tempered with moderation. As in Jerusalem and secured a commission Ghost."(Ibid., 9:17.) Saul had been

a member of the Sanhedrin, he argued in writing to the synagogues in Damasinstantly blinded on Damascus Road, a course of tolerance and took a firm cus, authorizing him to take into custody and his sight was instantly restored stand against the prosecution of Peter the Jews of that city who had become when Ananias laid his hands on him.

and the other apostles after the death of followers of Jesus and return them to To make his conversion complete he was the Master. Jerusalem in chains. This authority was baptized. Paul's life was changed. It is

Under the teaching of Gamaliel, Saul issued, and Saul commenced his journey remarkable that the man who held the became a zealot for God, a serious and down Damascus Road. The record gives garments of Stephen's executioners there-

a pious man. He hungered and thirsted no information as to the other persons after became the chief exponent of the

after righteousness and sought diligently in the company, the number of days it principles for which Stephen died. Soon

to keep the law in every respect as a detook to make the long journey, the conthere was commenced the great ministry vout Pharisee. In spite of the fact he versation that may have taken place, of which the Christian world is so

had been a pupil of Gamaliel who or any of the happenings along the way, familiar, by the one whose name betaught tolerance, Saul became an exuntil the day they came near Damascus came romanized and known as Apostle treme persecutor of those who did not about noon "... and suddenly there Paul.

comply strictly with Pharisaic Judaism. shined round about him a light from These are the facts from the record of

After the crucifixion of Jesus, wideheaven. And he fell to the earth,..."one of the most important encounters

spread persecution was soon commenced (Acts 9:3-4.) This Pharisee who had in history. There are those who are

upon those who followed his teachings. come on an errand of persecution and skeptics and cannot reconcile the events

The activity of Stephen, a Hellenistic those who were with him heard a voice which might be classified as superJew, in this new cause brought him into from the midst of the light saying: "Saul, natural. Appearances of Deity and voices

conflict with the Jews of Jerusalem, who, Saul, why persecutest thou me?"Saul and visions are often looked upon with

being angered by his eloquent presentaanswered: "Who art thou, Lord? And suspicion. Some are inclined to explain

tion of the new faith, brought him to the Lord said, I am Jesus whom thou away the marvelous experience of Paul trial before the Sanhedrin on the charge persecutest: it is hard for thee to kick by saying it was merely the imaginative

of blasphemy. The ageold traditions of against the pricks."(Ibid., 9:4-5.) This culmination of an inner conflict of a

Judaism and the doctrines of Christiproverbial expression of kicking against man who had taken a strong position in anity, the two opposing orders, were the pricks usually refers to the ox goad defense of the law, who had resolved brought into sharp focus. which was a piece of pointed iron stuck to stamp out the threat to Judaism, but

Stephen's statements before the Sanin the end of a stick used to urge the ox who had a deep feeling that he was hedrin concerning his faith in Christ while drawing the plow. Sometimes doing wrong. It doesn't seem likely that

so maddened his accusers that they a stubborn ox will kick back against the the whole course of a man's life upon dragged him from the tribunal and goad only to receive its sharpness more which he was so urgently set would be stoned him to death. Saul was present severely. It has become a proverb to changed so suddenly and drastically by

at the trial. He stood by and held the signify the absurdity of rebelling against an inner conflict. Men who are as degarments of the chief witnesses while lawful authority. termined as Paul are not quickly changed

they killed Stephen. Following this, Saul Saul had been kicking against the although there may have been a spark

began to participate actively in the camgoad, and now he was humbled to the which had smouldered for a long time paign against the Christians. This is dust. "And he trembling and astonished before bursting into flame that day on

the usual course of a man's life as he said, Lord, what wilt thou have me to Damascus Road.

turns toward evil. First, he is a silent do? And the Lord said unto him, Arise, Some have said it was the long jourobserver, then he becomes a consenting and go into the city, and it shall be told ney from Jerusalem to Damascus which

spectator, and finally he is an active thee what thou must do. gave him time to think and contemplate

participant. "And the men which journeyed with during the days of travel upon the recent

To this time there had not been a him stood speechless, hearing a voice, events of the persecution. Paul had been

separation of the Christians from the but seeing no man."(Ibid., 9:6-7.) present at the stoning of Stephen and

synagogues of the Jews, but the hour Saul stood upright, but he could not had seen him die. He heard him ask in

had come when the gospel of Christ see; his eyesight had been taken from his last words that those who had

should take the place of the law of him, and he was as blinded physically as dragged him from the Sanhedrin and sacrifice, and the rupture with Judaism he had been spiritually. Those who were stoned him in defiance of the law might

was imminent. with him led him by the hand into the be forgiven for their acts. This must

The persecutions which followed supcity and to the house of Judas in the have made a lasting impression on the pressed and dispersed the followers of street called Straight. For three days he mind of Paul. He had personally gone

Christ from Jerusalem and scattered neither ate nor drank but waited for from house to house and brought men them throughout Judea and Samaria, the Lord to reveal to him what he must and women before the tribunals which thus aiding the spread of Christianity. do as he had been instructed by the condemned them to prison or imposed

Like the tiny mustard seeds which grew voice. the sentence of death. Because of him,

into large plants, mentioned by the On the third day the Lord appeared in many had left their homes and fled.

Lord in the parable, the seeds of Chris- a vision to a Jewish Christian named Now he had traveled to Damascus with tianity were scattered to the wind and Ananias and told him to go to Saul. further threats to inflict persecution

fell upon fertile soil. As the plants began Ananias demurred, for he had heard of upon those who followed Christ. Could

to grow, Saul was determined to stamp the evil done by this man to the Saints it be that these things commenced to

DECEMBER 1964 1087 weigh heavily upon his conscience? of Latterday Saints declares to the world titanism. This is a word intended to

Paul testified on many occasions conthat the true gospel of Jesus Christ was represent our unfortunate human incerning his conversion, that he had seen taken from the earth and that it has clination to fight against righteousness.

Jesus our Lord and that the vision was a been restored in our day. A young man Following the example of the ancient

reality. In the book of the Acts of the who had been pondering and questiongiants, our world is presently conApostles there are three accounts of the ing the established faith of his fathers ducting an allout war against God and

conversion. The first is the record of had the simple faith to seek his Heavenhis purposes.

Luke in which the conversation bely Father in humble prayer. In response, Jesus prayed, "Thy kingdom come.

tween the Lord and Paul is set forth. a glorious vision burst upon this young Thy will be done in earth, as it is in

In the second account Paul personally man, a Prophet of the Lord, in a manner heaven."(Matt. 6:10.) And from the

relates the facts of the conversion in similar to that given to Paul. God the very beginning Deity has been trying

his speech to the angry crowd on the Eternal Father and his Son Jesus Christ, to raise our standards to this level for steps of the temple in Jerusalem, and the two separate and distinct Personages, apwhich the Redeemer prayed. He has

third is his defense before King Agrippa, peared to him and instructed him. By failed only because of the opposition

the nephew of Herod, who had tried the reason of this event and the subsequent of those he has been trying to help.

Savior just a few years before. Standing events by which God revealed his mind Our human history is made up of a

in the elegant surroundings of the court and will to men, the gospel of Jesus long unpleasant record of antagonism of the king, Paul spoke in his own deChrist has been restored in its fulness toward God.

fense, recalling his youth, his beliefs as for the benefit of all mankind. Disobedience brought about the ex-

a Pharisee, his part in the persecutions, It is startling to many in the world to pulsion from Eden. The spirit that

and the marvelous vision on Damascus learn that there is a prophet of God on caused Cain to murder his brother Abel

Road. After bearing witness of Jesus he the earth at the present time who speaks in order to possess his flocks spread

said: "Whereupon, O King Agrippa, I to us the will of the Lord, and of this quickly over the earth. Human society

was not disobedient unto the heavenly fact I bear witness. There are hundreds was not very old before it was necesvision."(Ibid., 26:19.) of thousands who also so testify, yet sary for God to invoke the flood in

Paul's life had been bisected by Datoday as in Paul's day there are others order to cleanse the earth of its sin.

mascus Road. Before, he was an aggreswho see but do not believe because of This watery devastation was closely

sive persecutor of Christianity, but after old traditions, closed minds, and prefollowed by the confusion of tongues

Damascus Road he was one of its most conceived ideas. For this reason I inand the dispersion of the sinners of

fervent propagators. vited you to walk with me down Babel. In the Meridian of Time reThere are many men in the world Damascus Road. If you are willing to bellion against God led to the rejection

who could be like Paul, men who could do so with a prayer in your heart for and crucifixion of the Savior of the be changed in the twinkling of an eye the truth, the Lord will shed his light world, and this tragedy was followed if willing to change the object of their upon you as he did Paul, and the truth by that long black night of apostasy lives as did Paul. There are some who will be made manifest to you. that we call the Dark Ages.

see but do not believe. One needs to be I further testify that God does live and The scripture reminds us that Satan

only a bystander to see, but to believe, that Jesus is the Christ, the Savior of himself became what he is because of one must accept wholeheartedly and all mankind. He will bring light to his sin of titanism. In the great antecommit himself to his belief. This rethose who honestly seek it. May the mortal council described in the scripquires faith and repentance of old ways. Spirit of God be with you, I pray in the tures, Satan sought the overthrow of

Paul had been raised in the belief his name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God himself and succeeded in drawing

family had held for generations. He had away from God one third of all of the

been trained in that faith, and it is fair heavenly host. Since that time, Satan's

to say that he understood it, but it was fight has continued with increasing not until that day on Damascus Road power to reach its pinnacle of evil in when Jesus spoke to him that the object our own day.

of his life was changed. There are perCertainly the greatest problem of

sons in every church who see, but some our generation is its titanism, as shown do not believe. Because they have been by our enmity toward the Almighty.

raised in the beliefs of their fathers, Every unrighteous act, no matter how their minds are closed, and they are small, tends to put evil upon the throne satisfied to continue. We wonder why it of the universe. The Apostle John says

took Paul so long to see the light and that sin is the transgression of law why he so vigorously opposed the teach- (see 1 John 3:4), and that is the disings of the Savior. The answer is aptinguishing characteristic of our day.

parent. He was born into a certain Jesus made his own appraisal of our

years situationbelief it until it hundred followed a when nineteen and became PREPENTANCE habit. idea a preconceived of the and our day ago he looked down to had He

law which closed his mind to the truth compared it to the time immediately until that event on Damascus Road. Sterling W. Sill preceding the flood. (See Matt. 24:

Nearly two thousand years have Assistant to the Council of the Twelve 37.) In spite of the fact that in fightpassed. Many of the problems and quesing against God we are sinning against

tions of Paul's day are with us yet beThere is an ancient Greek myth about ourselves, yet we have been comcause of tradition and preconceived a giant race called Titans that once pletely unable to stop the great upideas. The prophets of old foretold of the plotted an assault on heaven. Armed surge in crime and delinquency that

coming of the Savior and the establishwith missiles and firebrands, they each year reaches a new high in devment of his Church. They also foretold hurled themselves against the gods, astating our lives. We are training

that the gospel would be taken from seeking their overthrow. But the ourselves to love sin. We pay money

the earth because of the corruptions of thunderbolts of Zeus and the arrows of to see it being committed on the screen;

men and again established before Hercules were too much for the attackwe read about it in books, magazines,

Christ's second coming. The fulfilment ers, and the Titans were finally deand newspapers; and quite naturally

of these prophecies has been confirmed stroyed. we absorb it into our lives.

by history. The Church of Jesus Christ From this story we get the word Against the direct command of God,

1088 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA we sin against our health; we sin and humid, and I was sweaty, sticky,

against our happiness; we sin against dirty, and generally uncomfortable. But

our success; and we sin against Deity after the day's work had been finished,

himself. But no one can practise evil I went to my room in an airconditioned

with impunity. The incidence of psychihotel. I took a hot, soapy bath and put

atric disease is increasing among us on fresh, clean clothing. A little later

with giant strides. The rate of bank- I got into a bed between cool, white,

ruptcy is growing by leaps and bounds. clean sheets. And for a few minutes

Business organizations are reporting before dropping off to sleep, I lay unheardof increases in theft and other there and thought about repentance.

evidences of moral breakdown. Every And I thought that if it were this

day the newspapers report new ocpleasant to cleanse the body of a little cupational scandals as well as scandals sticky perspiration, what a delight it in government itself. The Kinsey rewould be to cleanse the mind and soul

port of a few years ago is a personal of guilt and stand clean and free betestimony of a widespread decadence fore God.

in morality that is strangely reminisEven as late as the cross, repentance cent of Sodom and Gomorrah. is good. One of the thieves crucified

When we build bars in our homes DeLora Brower, Primary teacher, and with Jesus was sorry for what he had instead of altars, we are fighting Wayne Brower, assistant MIA superindone. When he acknowledged his sins,

against God. In our violations of the tendent, Blackfoot, Idaho. Jesus gave him credit. Certainly he

Sabbath day we are motivating a was far ahead of his dishonest compangreater interest in horse races and "And he laid hold on the dragon, that ion who remained bitter and rebellious baseball games than in the celestial old serpent, which is the Devil, and to the very end. But the repentance of

kingdom. We employ some of our best Satan, and bound him.... the thief came too late to undo the

advertising brains and use our finest "And cast him into the bottomless pit, evil that his life had caused.

communication media to persuade ourand shut him up, and set a seal upon There is an old fable about a horse selves and others to take a greater him, that he should deceive the nations that once ran away from his master.

part in the very evils that God has no more...."(Rev. 20:1-3.) And cerFinally the horse repented and returned

specifically forbidden. As a result of tainly those who continue to follow to his master and said, "I have come

our titanism, our great enlightened Satan must share his fate. back."The master said. "Yes, you

Christian nation is noted for its drunkBecause sin is the basic problem of have come back, but the field is unenness, lung cancer, immorality, and our world, repentance has been made plowed."How can one repent of unthe violation of its own laws. one of the first and one of the most plowed ground or of lessons unlearned

So far as all practical purposes are important of the principles of the gosor of character qualities undeveloped?

concerned, we have largely excluded pel of Christ. A universal, genuine, The governor can pardon the murderer,

God from our lives. Recently a nationand permanent repentance would close but who can restore life to the victim

wide religious poll asked whether or up our jails, do away with our reform or the father to his orphaned children.

not those being interviewed believed in schools, prevent our nervous breakRepentance is one of the greatest of

God; ninetyfive percent answered yes. downs, fill our churches, redeem our all ideas, but we should understand

When asked whether or not they tried souls, and restore harmony, peace, and that it also has some serious limitations.

to lead a good life as a result, only happiness to the world. From any point To begin with it takes time to reform

twentyfive percent seemed to think of view, repentance is one of the most one's life and make restitution for his that there was any connection between praiseworthy actions in life. Through wrongs, and sometimes an atonement

the two, and fiftyfour percent said it we abandon unworthy objectives and must be made through the personal that religion did not influence their turn our lives upward toward more suffering of the wrongdoer.

conduct in politics or business affairs. worthwhile things. The dispensation of But there is one kind of repentance

Because we seem to keep our creeds Jesus opened with the declaration of that has no limitations, that is a kind of and our deeds in separate compartJohn the Baptist, "Repent ye: for the repentance in advance, which someone

ments, one is powerless to help the kingdom of heaven is at hand."(Matt. has called "prepentance."Prepentance

other. Church membership in the 3:2.) And in our own day the Lord is a repentance that takes place before

United States is now at an alltime has said, "Say nothing but repentance the offense is committed. Prepentance

high, and so are our indicators of crime unto this generation;..."(D&C 6:9.) is the equivalent of prevention. It is

and sin. Repentance is God's cure for every a repentance that requires no restiOne of the reasons for our problem disease that plagues our lives. As retution and demands no payment of penis that so many people have depersonpentance is postponed, the sinner bealties. We know that in God's eyes

alized God and think of him only in comes more wilful, and any upward prevention is greatly superior to cure, impersonal terms. We call him by such change becomes more difficult. If this as he has said, "For I the Lord cannot

names as "the first great cause,"or Godly gift is not used, it may lapse inlook upon sin with the least degree of we refer to him as "an eternal princito impotence, and the soul may be lost. allowance;

ple."Then because an eternal princiThrough Noah the Lord said, "My "Nevertheless, he that repents and

ple can neither love nor punish us, we spirit shall not always strive with does the commandments of the Lord feel an increased liberty to indulge man...."(Gen. 6:3.) And someday shall be forgiven;..."(D&C 1:3132.)

our titanism. when it may be too late, we may disTo live a life of prepentance requires

But our time is growing short; and cover that repentance is the most thrillus to develop the kind of faith that

if we do not give up the assault, we ing, exciting, uplifting of all possible destroys sin before it is indulged. This

must surely share the fate of the tiactivities. was "the way of life"of Jesus. The

tans and the antediluvians in losing Some time ago while visiting the scriptures say that Christ, "was in all the war. In his vision of the judgment, Northern States Mission I found mypoints tempted like as we are, yet withJohn the Revelator says, "And I saw self one sultry August afternoon in out sin."(Heb. 4:15.) Repentance for

an angel come down from heaven, havsouthern Illinois in what was probhim was unnecessary because he lived ing the key of the bottomless pit and a ably the most unpleasant weather I the higher law of prevention.

great chain in his hand. have ever experienced. It was very hot The greatest miracle ever performed

DECEMBER 1964 1089 by Jesus was not in controlling the Church, spent a few days with his son angry sea but in disciplining his own at a boys'camp where several of these will. His sinless life is the highest missionaries were serving as counselmanifestation of excellence ever known ors. A little time later he wrote a

in the world. Jesus did not need to do note to one of them. Let me read it:

a single evil thing in order to find out "It's hard for a person untrained in that it was wrong. The life of Christ writing to say what I want to and not

was pure, good. His ledger showed all sound a bit overboard. I think you know

gains and no losses. There were no me well enough, though, to know that

destructive injuries to be repaired and I mean just what I say. I want to tell

no restitutions to be made. you and the others how I feel. There

What a tremendous benefit we could is very little that I know about the this religion, I see from but off calling Mormon ourselves bybestow upon THOU ART YOU this during with you men live to at peace my contact and learningthe war with God, not only in obeying him but camp period. In some way it has made

also in agreeing with him. If we fully President Marion D. Hanks itself so vital to young men like you

followed him, we could eliminate all of Of the First Council of the Seventy that you found yourself answering a the tragic casualties that are presently call. You've had to do something perstrewing themselves along the highway It is a wonderful blessing to be in this sonally because your religion is so

of life. beloved building on these cherished and very personal and important to you.

Recently a man came to see me who sacred grounds again. It is glorious This is a living religion.

felt that he needed to talk to someone to sing with you and to respond to the "I am a ruling elder in a Protestant about his problems. He was very sorry inspiration of this choir. It is good to church, and I covet for my own church,

about his dishonesties, his cheating, be home. more than I can tell you, the sort of

and his immoralities. He bitterly reAs I walked out of the Church Office teaching, leadership, and conviction that

gretted the unkindnesses that had caused Building yesterday morning, I heard a breathes such a vital force into its his wife to die of a broken heart. man say to his companion, "If I keep young men. We have our missionaries,

But although he had repented a thouup this schedule I am going to end up of course, but this thing which you do sand times, yet he was powerless to in the grave."My immediate reaction is a different thing. It reaches out

undo his evil. He was unemployed bewas to feel that whatever schedule he within your church in a different way,

cause his past weaknesses had made followed his chances of that were I judge, and in my humble judgment future confidence impossible. His chilpretty good. But the second thought it is one of the grandest ways I have

dren were still suffering the disgrace of came, a thought expressed by a fine yet heard of for a fellow to repay in his bad example, and after having set but leadenfooted youngster interrupted some measure to his God the great debt all of these evils in motion, he could in the middle of a drag race by a somewe all owe. I know that God will richly

only say, "I wish I could live my life what stern officer. The boy was asked bless your mission and you. I want you

over again."But how ridiculous can what he was doing, and he said, "I to know that through you and the other

we be. No one can live his life over didn't want to get left in the dust."Well, men I have had a glimpse of something

again. There are no rehearsals in life. he won't. No one will, and no one will which to me has the possibility of being

We can't rehearse birth or life or death. end up in a grave. an answer to many of the problems

To feel sorry for our sins does not The spirit of every child of God goes that beset my own church and the whole erase the injuries or heal up the on living as we experience mortal world in these troubled times."

wounds. And how can one repent of a death—the temporary separation of Well, I agree with Mr. Cary's genbad example or a damaged soul? Sin the body and spirit—and through the erous and challenging words, his sincere

is the most dangerous and the most atonement of Christ there will be a words of commendation and expecdestructive of all human experiences, universal resurrection. The body and tation. And I agree with the wonderful

and God has commanded that it should spirit will be joined together again as implications in them for the missionary, be avoided. "When we are hungry, sin the eternally living soul. The circumand his younger brother and sister

offers us only poisoned bread; when we stances under which we shall live eterand his parents, for me and you, for

are thirsty, it invites us to drink at a nally, in whose presence, with what all of us. They are to me a sobering

deadly fountain."It causes all of the companions, and in what condition of portrait of our possibilities and our

trouble, pain, and unhappiness in the opportunity and creative service, we responsibilities.

world. are now deciding by the choices we As we worked with the missionaries,

Certainly we should never think of make. we worked also with wonderful memsin as a plaything, but as our most The great messages of this conferbers of the Church and met multitudes

deadly enemy. God hates sin, and the ence and the stirring and solemn asof choice young and older people. I see

Psalmist speaks of our hating evil with surances that have come have brought them in my mind's eye this morning in a perfect hatred. Prepentance is God's to our hearts renewed assurance that Frankfurt and Orleans and Berchteshighest law. And what a thrilling and this is the truth. We have been teachgaden, in London and Bristol and Glasprofitable way of life is the religion of ing that truth in Europe in the past gow, and in a lot of other places. Last

doing good, of worshiping God, of hunseveral years with many of your choice Sunday night at a fireside gathering gering and thirsting after righteoussons and daughters and their older in the Brigham Young University field ness. Jesus demonstrated life's percompanions. It has been a wonderful house there were more youngsters

fect pattern and then said, "Follow experience to see the transforming gathered than are congregated on me...."(Matt 9:9.) And every indiSpirit of the Lord work upon them as these grounds today. A night or two

vidual life must finally be judged by it worked anciently when the Savior later at Utah State University I met how well it carries out that single called his Apostles from the counting another great group. I feel in my heart

directive. place and the fishing nets and bade for them and their generation the

May God help us to follow him with them become fishers of men. It is an strongest commendation and confidence.

our whole souls, I pray in the name of experience that we wouldn't miss nor But they have a mighty burden to bear

Jesus Christ. Amen. trade for anything. and a great challenge to face.

Some years ago a wonderful, suc- I have been thinking the last few cessful man, who knew nothing of the days of the statement of the Psalmist

1090 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who sang the sweet strains of heaven: "Yet you should have been faithful; These are a few of the hundreds of

"Thou preparest a table before me in and he would have extended his arm thousands who have returned to college the presence of mine enemies:..."and supported you against all the fiery life this fall. I am awed by the great

(Psalm 23:5.) Our young people have darts of the adversary; and he would forces of knowledge which they repre-

a table prepared all right, and it is a have been with you in every time of sent. Never before have so many been

table laden with the gifts that can trouble. educated in the learning of the world.

make this life meaningful and happy "Behold, thou art Joseph,..."(D&C What a marvelous thing this is

and that can fill them in the eternal 3:6-9.) the intensive schooling of a large persense. But the table is in truth, as the Could there be any more sublime or centage of the youth of the land, who

Psalmist said, set in the presence of sweet or perceptive answer to the sugmeet daily at the feet of able instructheir enemies. gestion, this siren song of foolishness, tors to garner knowledge from all of

Who are their enemies? Some of that "everyone is doing it"? Behold, the ages of man. The extent of that

them have been spoken of this morning: thou art you. And God has given you a knowledge is staggering. It encompasmen who dig gold out of dirt; certain table, bounteously laden with the good ses the stars of the universe, the

ones who manufacture and market filth; things of eternity. Will you give it up geology of the earth, the history of

they who, whether misguided or debecause others are giving up? Will you nations, the culture of peoples, the

signing, put before our young people a surrender the sweet and sound and languages they speak, the operation of picture of life as some live it but emstrong principles of this "vital force"governments, the laws of commerce, phasizing the least affirmative and and "living religion"? the behavior of the atom, the functions

least Godly aspects of man's divine Why is it a vital force and whence of the body, and the wonders of the nature. The young have a table preare its roots? It is a vital force because mind.

pared for them in the presence of many this is a vital religion. God lives. He With so much available knowledge

enemies. One of the enemies is, in is a living, revealing, communicating one would think that the world might

every individual case, our own accumuFather. Christ lives. He is the living well be near a state of perfection. And

lated sinfulness and bad memory. We Head of this Church. There is a living yet we are constantly made aware of

are constrained to excuse ourselves beprophet on the earth to whom the Father the other side of the coin—of the sickcause of the failings and faults of communicates and reveals his will. ness of our society, of the contentions

others. We are constrained to feel that Man was in the beginning with God, and troubles that bring misery into

since everybody is doing it, it is all and we are always going to live. the lives of millions.

right for us to do it, and this is persuaGod bless us to choose to live in his Each day we are made increasingly sively propounded by people in various presence with our loved ones, creatively, aware of the fact that life is more fields who rely on the statistical method actively, effectively serving and loving than science and mathematics, more and suggest that since large numbers and learning, I pray in the name of than history and literature. There is

are doing it, then it must be all right Jesus Christ. Amen. need for another education, without

for everybody to do it, just so long as which the substance of our secular you don't go too far. learning may lead only to our destrucWell, a tendency in man to excuse tion. I refer to the education of the

himself has ever been with us. Saul heart, of the conscience, of the characwas sent on a great mission. Saul ter, of the spirit—these indefinable

failed and then blamed it on his people aspects of our personalities which dewhen he was confronted by the Prophtermine so certainly what we are and et Samuel. Saul told a falsehood, and what we do in our relationships one

Samuel said, "Then what is this bleatwith another.

ing I hear in my ear"(see 1 Sam. And so I would like to talk briefly

15:14), and then Saul blamed his dewith our young people, those in the

fection on his people. Church and those out of the Church

In the day of the restoration a great with the youth of America and of other young prophet had to learn the lesson, good lands.too. Many of you are acquainted with THE DIMENSION Thirty years ago while living in

the third section of the Doctrine and England I belonged to the London CenCovenants, this "handbook of the resOF THE tral YMCA. I suppose that old buildit since ing has gone, long verse never but I atoration."can I read from May SPIRIT forget that faced in the to the words the us Joseph Lord gaveor two which

Smith after a misfortune in which he foyer each time we entered. They were

had succumbed to the pressure to do Gordon B. Hinckley the words of Solomon: "... with all thy

something he knew wasn't exactly Of the Council of the Twelve getting get understanding."(Prov. 4:7.)

right. His benefactor and friend who I commend them to you.

was helping him, providing for him, My dear brethren and sisters: It is so Understanding of what? Understandworking with him, wanted some asgreat a privilege and so serious a reing of ourselves, of the purposes of

surance for his wife and family that sponsibility to speak from this pulpit life, of our relationship to God who is there really was a prophet at work, that I earnestly seek the inspiration of our Father, of the great divinely given and so Joseph Smith reluctantly surthe Holy Spirit. principles which for centuries have

rendered to him the manuscript of the The other day I strolled about the provided the sinew of man's real prothen translated portion of the Book campus of one of our great universities. gress!

of Mormon. This came in response: I was impressed with the splendor of I cannot discuss them all, but I

"And behold, how oft you have transthe buildings, the immaculate laborawould like to suggest three. I offer

gressed the commandments and the tories, the teaching theaters, the magthem not in a spirit of preachment laws of God, and have gone on in the nificent library, the dormitories, the but in a spirit of invitation. Let these

persuasions of men. gymnasiums. But I was more imbe added to your vast store of secular

"For, behold, you should not have pressed with the students. There were knowledge to become cornerstones on

feared man more than God. Although some 17,000 of them—handsome young which to establish lives that will be

men set at naught the counsels of God, men and beautiful young women, serifruitful, productive, and happy.

and despise his words ous and intent and earnest. The first I mention is gratitude, the

DECEMBER 1964 1091 second is virtue, the third is faith. give thee answer to thy prayers."not erase the cankering scar that

Others might be named, but I believe (D&C 112:10.) blights the selfrespect of a young man

these are fundamental to the full develWalk with gratitude before him who who takes that virtue which he can opment of every child of God. is the giver of life and every good gift. never replace. Selfjustification will

Gratitude is a divine principle. The Associated with gratitude is virtue. never mend the heart of a young womLord has declared through revelation: I think they are related because he an who has drifted into moral tragedy.

"Thou shalt thank the Lord thy God in who is disposed to shun virtue lacks In April of 1942, the First Presiall things...."appreciation of life, its purposes, and dency of the Church issued a message

"And in nothing doth man offend God, the happiness and the wellbeing of which was read from this pulpit. It

or against none is his wrath kindled, others. has the tone of scripture. I commend

save those who confess not his hand in One of our great national magazines it to you:

all things,..."(D&G 59:7, 21.) recently stated the following: "We are "To the youth of the Church... above

Our society is afflicted by a spirit of witnessing the death of the old moralall we plead with you to live clean, for thoughtless arrogance unbecoming those ity. The established moral guidelines the unclean life leads only to sufferwho have been so magnificently blessed. have been yanked from our hands.... ing, misery, and woe physically,—and

How grateful we ought to be for We are left floundering in a moneyspiritually it is the path to destruction.

the bounties we enjoy. Absence of motivated, sexobsessed, bigcity domHow glorious and near to the angels is

gratitude is the mark of the narrow, inated society. We must figure out for youth that is clean; this youth has joy

uneducated mind. It bespeaks a lack ourselves how to apply the traditional unspeakable here and eternal happiness

of knowledge and the ignorance of selfmoral principles to the problems of our hereafter."(The Improvement Era,

sufficiency. It expresses itself in ugly times. Many find this burden too 45:273.)

egotism and frequently in wanton misheavy."(Look Magazine, Sept., 1963, I thought of this as I observed these

chief. We have recently seen our P- 74.) thousands of handsome young men and

beaches, our parks, our forests littered Heavy though it be, there is a way beautiful young women on the univerwith ugly refuse by young men—many to apply traditional moral principles sity campus the other day. And I

of them college men—who evidently in our day. For some unknown reason thought of a wise statement from the

have no appreciation for their beauty. there is constantly appearing the false scripture: "... the commandment is a

Only the other day I rode through rationalization that at one time in the lamp; and the law is light...."(Prov.

thousands of acres of blackened land longago, virtue was easy and that now 6:23.)

scourged by a fire evidently set by a it is difficult. I would like to remind You of marvelous promise, you young

careless smoker whose only concern had you that there has never been a time men and women of great ability, do not been the selfish pleasure gained from mock God. Do not flout his law. Let

a cigaret. virtue be a cornerstone on which to

Where there is appreciation, there is build your lives.

courtesy, there is concern for the rights I turn next to faith. I do not mean

and property of others. Without it it in an abstract sense. I mean it as a

there is arrogance and evil. living, vital force with recognition of

Where there is gratitude, there is God as our Father and Jesus Christ as humility, as opposed to pride. our Savior. When we accept this basic

How magnificently we are blessed. premise, there will come an acceptance

How thankful we ought to be. A recent of their teachings and an obedience

Bishop H. James L. Hanchett, Albuof this the of inbulletin joy Canada will Royal Bank bring peace and which querque 5th (New Mexico) Ward; wife of people lifedealt underprivileged life to exaltation in the with come. and Neva, teacher; Primary daughter and things: It other said this world. theological asthe regard a among not I do 9. Dianne,

"It is difficult for North Americans platitude. I regard it as a fact of life.

to understand the plight of people in since the creation when the same forces It can become the very wellspring of underdeveloped countries, because we were not at work which are at work purposeful living. Can you imagine a

have never been hungry. No one dies today. The proposal made by Potimore compelling motivation to worthhere of starvation. Elsewhere more phar's wife to Joseph in Egypt is not while endeavor than the knowledge that

than 1,500 million people go to bed essentially different from that faced by you are a child of God, the Creator of hungry every night.... The fact is many a young man and woman in our the universe, our allwise Heavenly

that not more than one in a hundred day. Father who expects you to do someof the people in underdeveloped counThe influences today may be more thing with your life and who will give

tries will ever, in all his life, have apparent and more seductive, but they help when help is sought for?

what a North American family would are no more compelling. You cannot be These wonderful college years are

consider a good, square meal."shielded entirely from these influences. years of learning. Jesus said: "...

Reflect on that, my dear young They are all about us. Our culture is learn of me....

friends, and then get on your knees saturated with them. But the same "For my yoke is easy, and my burden

and thank the Lord for his bounties. kind of selfdiscipline exercised by is light."(Matt. 11:2930.)

Cultivate a spirit of thanksgiving for Joseph will yield the same beneficial I should like to suggest that you folthe blessing of life and for the marvelresult. Notwithstanding the socalled low that injunction given by the Son

ous gifts and privileges you enjoy. The "new morality,"notwithstanding the of God. With all of your learning,

Lord has said, "The meek shall inherit muchdiscussed changes in our moral learn of him. With all of your study,

the earth."(See Matt. 5:5.) I cannot standard, there is no adequate subseek knowledge of the Master. That

escape the interpretation that meekstitute for virtue. The old standard is knowledge will complement in a wonness implies a spirit of gratitude as challenged on every campus in America derful way the secular training you

opposed to an attitude of selfsuffi- as it is in Europe. But God has not receive and give a fulness to your life

ciency, an acknowledgment of a greater abrogated his commandments. and character that can come in no other

power beyond oneself, a recognition of The violation of these commandGod and an acceptance of his commandments in this, as in any other age, way.We were aboard a plane some years

ments. This is the beginning of wisdom. brings only regret, sorrow, loss of selfago flying between Honolulu and Los

"Be thou humble; and the Lord thy respect, and in many cases tragedy. Angeles. It was in the days when only

God shall lead thee by the hand, and Rationalization and equivocation will propellerdriven aircraft were avail1092 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

able. About midway in our journey one bring peace and joy to the world. The about a subject which is very important

of the motors stopped. There was a need of the world is a generation of to the missionaries of the Church as

decrease in speed, a lowering in altimen of learning and influence who can well as to ourselves and address my retude, and a certain amount of nervousand will stand up and in sincerity and marks very largely to those who are ness among those aboard. The simple without equivocation declare that God investigating our great Church and

fact of the matter was that much of lives and that Jesus is the Christ. studying with our missionaries.

the power was missing and the hazAnd so, my dear young friends, I We Latterday Saints believe the Bible ards were increased accordingly. Withsuggest to you with all earnestness to be the word of God. We love it, and

out that power we could not fly high, that as you pursue your secular studies we use it continuously. We also believe

fast, and safely. you add another dimension to your the Book of Mormon and other modern

It is so with our lives when we dislife, the cultivation of the spirit. God scriptures to be the word of God. Some

count the need for faith and disregard bless you with that peace which comes people who study the gospel with us are knowledge of the Lord. from him alone, and that growth concerned by this latter fact because

Passive acceptance is not enough. which t comes of sharing with others they are of the opinion that the Bible

Vibrant testimony comes of anxious that which is most precious, your faith, contains all of the word of God and that seeking. Strength comes of active serv- I pray as I give you my witness of the there can be no more scripture. They

ice in the Master's cause. "... learn of divinity of this work, in the name turn to the last chapter of the book of

me..."(ibid., 11:29), was Jesus'inof Jesus Christ. Amen. Revelation, which is also the concluding

junction. He further declared that he part of the Bible, and say that it proves

that doeth the will of the Father that there should be no scripture other "... shall know of the doctrine whether than the Bible. The words of John the

it be of God, or whether I speak of Revelator to which they refer read as myself."(John 7:17.) follows:

And so, while you read math and Sunday Afternoon Session, "For I testify unto every man that physics and chemistry, read also the October 4, 1964 heareth the words of the prophecy of

Gospels of the New Testament. And this book, If any man shall add unto

read the testament of the New World, these things, God shall add unto him the the Book of Mormon, which was plagues that are written in this book:"brought forth by the power of God THREE (Rev. 22:18.)

".. of. to the convincing the Jew and text a careful reading of this Of course NEW VOLUMES gentile thatthe the Christ."Jesus is that very clearly shows RevelaJohn the I should like to pass on to you the OF SCRIPTURE tor was speaking only of the book of

words of a wise old man who had travRevelation and not of any collectioneled far and suffered much and grown REVEALED of other sacred writings. Moses used a

ripe in wisdom. I speak of him of whom similar expression in speaking to ancient

Brother Hunter has spoken so eloMark E. Petersen Israel when he said: "Ye shall not add

quently today. These words were Of the Council of the Twelve you, unto the word which I command

written Paul to by Timothy while Paul neither shall diminish ye ought from of a prisonerwas Nero in Rome. To.."it,. is Sister in the fourth chapThis found Petersen I bring the and to you

.. said, ". friendhis beloved young he ter of of (verse the greetings of Deuteronomy book love and thouthe many

God hath not given us the spirit of sands of faithful Saints and missionaries In the 12th chapter of the same book2) fear; but of power, and of love, and of in the West European Mission area. Moses said this: "What thing soever I

a sound mind. They look forward to these conferences command you, observe to do it: thou

of therefore not thou "Be ashamed shalt thereto, nor diminish from not add look quite as much do here. They as we

the testimony of our Lord,..."(2 it."(Verse 32.) forward anticipation to the with much

Tim, 1:7-8.) messages given here. They receive them Can anyone suppose that in these

To every young man and woman 1 sometimes in printed word and by radio words Moses laid down a prohibition this stirring injunction.commend This all against revelations subsequent are uplifted and otherwise. and by the They

thatis the spirit will reform the world. against all conference. books which Their hearts might be called are with us

I have been impressed with a statehere today together with their faith and scripture in years to come? Did he have

ment from Charles Malik, former presiprayers. the power to silence all future prophets

dent of the General Assembly of the We bring special greetings to you, and forbid them to speak or write as God

United Nations. He said this: President and Sister McKay, as you look intended that they should? Of course

"In this fearful age it is not enough in on this conference. The many wonnot, or we would be without most of the

to be happy and prosperous and secure derful Saints, the lovely people of Old Testament and would have none of yourselves; it is not enough to tell Europe, love you and honor you; and the New Testament at all.

others: look at us, how happy we are; they would have us bring their greeting It was the same with John the Revejust copy our system, our knowhow, to you. And in the words of one of our lator. In warning against additions to

and you will be happy yourselves. In loveliest songs they would have us say: the book of Revelation he spoke of that

this fearful age you must transcend book only, insisting that no one attempt your system; you must have a message "We ever pray for thee, our Prophet to change or corrupt what he had said.

to proclaim to others; you must mean dear, The Bible was not compiled when John

something in terms of ideas and attiThat God will give to thee comfort and wrote the book of Revelation, so he tudes and fundamental outlook on life; cheer; could not possibly have referred to it.

and this something must vibrate with As the advancing years furrow thy brow, Furthermore, scholars tell us that the relevance to all conditions of men."Still may the light within shine bright Gospel of John was written after the

(Successful Leadership, p. 5.) as book of Revelation, and if this be true

To every young man and woman now."—Evan Stephens, Hymns, 386. it becomes another indication that John

within the sound of my voice I should had no thought of precluding other like to say, take upon yourself the name We give you, President and Sister writings but only of protecting this parof the Lord and then with faith go McKay, our love and blessing from the ticular book of Revelation from change forth to teach with relevance that West European Mission. or corruption.

which will affect the lives of men and I would like to talk with you today Then what about subsequent revel a-

DECEMBER 1964 1093 tion? What about additional scripture? a wellordered procedure of the Lord. the Old. The teachings of these new

Should earnest readers of the Bible look It was always the purpose of God to scriptures will bring you divine strength for additional scriptures? Or should they guide his people and not let them drift, and heavenly light. They will dissipate

be content with what they now have? but that guidance constituted new revethe doubts and fears that have arisen in

All students of Holy Writ know that lation every time it was given. Prophets honest minds for centuries and will

the Bible itself refers to a number of were there to receive it, and as they answer gospel questions which have other books which the compilers did not wrote, their record became new scripture. caused many misunderstandings about

include in it, either because they did Don't you see that one of the greatest God's word.

not have access to them or because they marks of identification of the true Some have wondered, for example, did not consider them to be canonical. Church of God in all the ages has been about the necessity of baptism. Is bapNo one who understands the facts bethat it constantly produced new scriptism really essential to salvation, and

lieves that the Bible contains all that ture? When there was no new scripture, if so, how should it be administered?

God has ever revealed to human beings, it was a sign that there was no new reveIf the Bible leaves you in doubt on these and the Bible itself confirms this stand. lation, and when there was no new points let the modern scriptures help

It is interesting to ask ourselves how we revelation, there was no divine guidyou. A Book of Mormon prophet, in

obtained the Bible, how it was written ance. And when there was no divine discussing baptism, said at one time:

originally, and by what means it was guidance, the people drifted into error "... if the Lamb of God, he being

handed on down to us. and darkness. Continuous revelation was holy, should have need to be baptized

The Bible is a record of the work and essential to the life and survival of the by water, to fulfil all righteousness, O writings of the prophets of God throughtrue Church. So were the records of those then, how much more need have we,

out the ages, together with a history of new revelations, and each new record being unholy, to be baptized, yea, even their time. It begins with the writings became new scripture. by water!

of the Prophet Moses, who is the acThe true Church must always produce "... he showeth unto the children of

cepted author of the first five books of new scripture according to this pattern. men that, according to the flesh he

the Old Testament. When Joshua was If it does not, we must admit that it humbleth himself before the Father, and

called to lead Israel, he received revelahas drifted from the path of truth and witnesseth unto the Father that he tions also, and they were recorded with right. It was Isaiah who explained such would be obedient unto him in keeping

the history of his time. This record be- a situation which existed anciently when his commandments."(2 Nephi 31:5, 7.)

came known as the book of Joshua. It he said: After hearing these words can anyone

was new scripture for that day and was "... the Lord's hand is not shortened, doubt the necessity of baptism? And

placed with the writings of Moses. The that it cannot save; neither his ear would you like to know how baptism

book of Judges came next. It was new heavy, that it cannot hear: should be performed? By what method?

scripture also and was added to the "For your iniquities have separated In the Book of Mormon the Savior himexisting volume. Then came the Prophet between you and your God, and your self explained this as he instructed the

Samuel. He received many revelations sins have hid his face from you,..."men whom he authorized to perform

and wrote much history. His record was (Isa. 59:1-2.) baptisms in ancient America. Said he:

new scripture for his day and was added To say that there can be no new scrip- "... ye shall go down and stand in

to the existing and now fastgrowing ture is itself unscriptural and contrary the water, and in my name shall ye volume of God's word. to the teachings of the Bible. If we baptize them.

Who among us would discard the truly believe the Bible, we must expect "And now behold, these are the words writings of Samuel because in earlier additional scripture from time to time, which ye shall say, calling them by years Moses had said, "Ye shall not and to do so we must look for living name, saying:

add unto the word which I command prophets to receive the revelations which "Having authority given me of Jesus you, '..."? It is obvious that Moses are to become that new scripture. We Christ, I baptize you in the name of

spoke only of his own writings and not cannot escape this conclusion. It is a the Father, and of the Son, and of the

of anything written in subsequent times wellestablished pattern of God's handHoly Ghost. Amen.

by men called to be prophets like unto dealings with men all down through "And then shall ye immerse them in himself. the ages. the water, and come forth again out of

When Ezra and Nehemiah came on The Latterday Saints offer to the the water.

the scene, they received revelations world three new volumes of scripture: "... On this wise shall ye baptize;

which were recorded as scripture and the Book of Mormon, which is a sacred and there shall be no disputations placed with what Moses, Joshua, and record of the ancient Americans, the among you."(3 Nephi 11:2326, 22.)

Samuel had written. This became a patDoctrine and Covenants and the Pearl How unmistakably clear this is!

tern by which we obtained the entire of Great Price, which contain many of Do you ever doubt the actual existOld Testament. Whenever God had a the revelations to the Prophet Joseph ence of the Lord Jesus Christ? Would

people on the earth, he raised up Smith. They are books of priceless value. you like some modern assurance that he

prophets who spoke in his name. Their They sustain the truthfulness of the really lives? Modern revelation provides

writings became our scriptures. New Bible and give testimony of the divinity it. Listen to this testimony given by

scripture came with each new prophet, of Mormonism. They declare in no unJoseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery after

and each of these new books was incertain terms that God has spoken in a personal visitation of the Savior in a cluded with the scripture already our day and has made many of his sacred temple built by the Mormon in hand. gospel principles clear and understandpeople in Kirtland, Ohio. They said:

This pattern held true for the New able through these modern revelations. "The veil was taken from our minds,

Testament also. As the sacred word of Would you like to hear a message and the eyes of our understanding were

the Christian era was written, it befrom God as given in our day? What opened.

came scripture. Even the letters of Peter, would you give to hear his word as "We saw the Lord standing upon the

James, John, Paul, and littleknown revealed in modern times, fully supbreastwork of the pulpit, before us; and

Jude became scripture, new scripture. porting and sustaining what was given under his feet was a paved work of pure

And they were so accepted by the people anciently? It is here. We have it. We gold, in color like amber.

of that day and added to the final voloffer it freely to all mankind, and what "His eyes were as a flame of fire; the

ume of scripture as it was at last comwe offer is fully authentic as were the hair of his head was white like the piled. writings of Joshua and the other prophpure snow; his countenance shone above

That is the way in which the Bible ets when added to those of Moses, and as the brightness of the sun; and his voice

was prepared originally. It came out of was the New Testament when added to was as the sound of the rushing of

1094 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA great waters, even the voice of Jehovah, must "... ask in faith, nothing waverbillions of times, uttered in billions of

saying: ing. For he that wavereth is like a wave prayers, spoken millions of times over

"I am the first and the last; I am he of the sea driven with the wind and the radio and television and voiced

who Uveth, I am he who was slain; I am tossed."(James 1:6.) And yet if our thousands of times by every member

your advocate with the Father."(D&C search is honest and our desire sincere, of the human race in all the languages

110:1-4.) he promises us rich rewards. He invites of earth, and still we have wars.

Or listen to the testimony given by us to come to him and says: "Ask, and "It is high time to consider that

Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon when it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall peace is more than a word. It is more

they said: find; knock, and it shall be opened unto than a spot of ink on a piece of paper,

"... this is the testimony, last of all, you:"(Matt. 7:7.) or a sound on our lips.

which we give of him: That he lives! We testify to you of the truth of these "Peace is everything that makes life

"For we saw him, even on the right things, and we do it in the name of the worth living.

hand of God; and we heard the voice Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. "Peace is God on both sides of the

bearing record that he is the Only Betable in a conference.

gotten of the Father "Peace is good will in action.

"That by him, and through him, and "Peace is worldwide neighborliness.

of him, the worlds are and were created, "Peace is cooperation and team work;

and the inhabitants thereof are begotten it is pulling with people instead of sons and daughters unto God."(Ibid., pushing them around.

76:2224.) "Peace is sanity and common sense

Isn't that thrilling? Modern revelation in human relations.

beckons you. It can enlighten your mind "Peace is openmindedness. It is a

and revitalize your whole soul. It will willingness to listen as well as to talk.

bring you the pure and simple gospel It is looking at both sides of a situation taught by Paul and Peter. It will give objectively.

you the power to know for yourselves "Peace is patience. It means keeping

lives, really thatthat is the Jesus God rising irritaour tempers, petty above "MY PEACE

Christ, that has he and a modern tions, taking look. the long It meansministry. I GIVE keeping our shirts on and giving time

We Latterday Saints are the custo- a chance to work its magic.dians of that modern ministry. We UNTO YOU""Peace is having the courage and

humbly announce to the world that we humility to admit mistakes and take the are the ordained servants of Jesus Christ. John Longden blame when we are wrong.

We labor for him and in his name. We Assistant to the Council of the Twelve "Peace is international courtesy. It

have living prophets among us now. is good sportsmanship in world affairs.

write, testify in they speak, theyThey is tact, testitact "Peace has deto and strength been is of It source a my of great revelationa God. new as fined ability to the pull stinger inspirathe of evidence the to witness mony teach the not do commandments We of a bee getting without sessions. stung. conference these tion during

fully doctrines of theor men. have We is It is vision. "Peace brethren being big of the knowledge, none To my ofin the the Apostle warning mind to give enough sessions small individual adgeneral these up in instructed are

if that other preach anyonePaul any for vantages the universal subject; particular advantage a speak to upon that hegospel preached than which of a warless it is interworld. selects his own. To each me accursed. (See shall a besuch one

is all "Peace using the as see a Golden to inspirational Rule how esting and 1:8.) too theGal. remember And we stick measuring in session, solving the every in probcorrelate of talks these of the saidteachings Savior he when of lems the world. the furnished by likewise music the shall everythat judged be by word we is "Peace the of instead evidence, open groups. hand As choral various idle speak, everythat even word. we

fist. is It the clenched tolerance afternoon this by and the opening number all this, of 12:36.)(See Matt. Knowing understanding of entitled, toward every "In Choir men Tabernacle the My to earnest testimony bear solemn andwe class, creed, color. and Mansions,"Are Father's House Many is that God's teach own whatyou we

is I is It faith. "Peace a leave mighty a "Peace this thought: expressestruth.

.. belief."radiant in the potential I goodness you: give unto peace you, with my the has reopened Almighty The

greatness is and It of a men. dynamic 14:27.) (John to appearedheavens. has modern He confidence that as I selected can war abolished be ago, so or weeks Two to personally, spoken them andmen forever. subject, "Peace."my face, toface did as Moses. unto he even

is of as a thing the heart Isaiah "Peace the Prophet In the words of true his has reestablished on ChurchHe

It is of well as the head. a an warmth, about the coming prophesied as he earth, times. ancient inthe even as it was

He has raised up new prophets on the Jesus: "for unto us a child is born, enthusiasm, a magnetism, that reaches

earth and speaks through them. He has unto us a son is given: and the governout and draws people together in a comsent to the earth heavenly messengers ment shall be upon his shoulder; and mon purpose.

who ordained these modern prophets his name shall be called Wonderful, "Peace is top level thinking, feeling, to the Holy Priesthood and gave them Counsellor, The mighty God, The everacting. It is rising high above tanks,

the divine power to officiate in the lasting Father, The Prince of Peace."planes, and atom bombs as a way of

ordinances of the gospel and make them (Isa. 9:6.) settling disputes.

valid. Peace is a word about which we hear "Peace is a way of living."

These are facts. They are true, and much today. Is it being used loosely May we build peace in the little

we lie not. We do not ask you to take for personal gain by individuals or spheres of our daily lives, our homes,

our word alone. We urge you to go to groups? our industries, our communities, cities,

the Lord in humble prayer and seek his Peace is not to be trifled with. May states, and the world.

guidance. He will not lead you astray. I give you and share with you some The Lord gave a revelation to the

He loves you. He is your Father. He has thoughts on this subject as related by Prophet Joseph Smith, as recorded in

taught us that he will give us enlightenWilferd Petersen, entitled "Peace Is the Doctrine and Covenants, section 105, ment and give it generously. More than a Word."verses 38 to 41. This was given June

But he sets up one condition. We "The word peace has been printed 22, 1834, when members of the Church

DECEMBER 1964 1095 were being persecuted and driven from established forever."(D&C 109:2223, loves his children, and that life is good

place to place. 2526, 29, 54.) indeed.

"And again, I say unto you, sue for The Savior is the Author of Peace, When the attorney learned that he peace, not only to the people that have the Prince of Peace. He said: Come, was speaking to a minister of the gossmitten you, but also to all people; follow me, "... for my yoke is easy, and pel, he said with some emphasis, "All

"And lift up an ensign of peace, and my burden is light."(Matt. 11:30.) right! We have one hour and twentymake a proclamation of peace unto the The application of his gospel in our eight minutes left on this flight, and I

ends of the earth; daily lives will bring peace and conwant you to tell me what business you

"And make proposals for peace unto tentment to the soul, for his promise or anyone else has traipsing about the those who have smitten you, according unto us is: "Peace I leave with you, my earth saying that there is a God or that

to the voice of the Spirit which is in peace I give unto you:..."(John 14: life has any substantial meaning."

you, and all things shall work to27.) He then confessed himself to be an

gether for your good. May I quote from that memorable atheist and pressed his disbelief so

"Therefore, be faithful; and behold, sermon given by President David O. urgently that finally he was told, "You

and lo, I am with you even unto the McKay last October conference, to be are wrong, my friend. There is a God.

end. Even so...."exact, October 4, 1963: He lives. I know he lives."And he

The message of peace is the gospel "Let us ever keep in mind that life heard the elder proclaim with fervor of Jesus Christ. Embodied in the gosis largely what we make it, and that his witness that Jesus is the Christ.

pel is a complete way of life. the Savior of men has marked clearly But the testimony fell on doubtful

Today, in fulfilment of this scripture and plainly just how joy and peace may ears. "You don't know,"he said. "Noto establish an ensign, there are seventybe obtained. It is in the gospel of Jesus body knows that! You can't know it."

four missions throughout the world, apChrist and adherence thereto."(CR, The elder would not yield and the

proximately 12,000 missionaries going Oct. 1963, p. 9.) attorney finally said condescendingly,

out to the four corners of the earth, deAlso let us remember his opening re- "All right. You say you know. Then

livering a message which will bring marks of this conference read by his [inferring, 'if you are so smart'] tell peace to the hearts of men. This will son Robert McKay, "Path to Peace."me how you know."

come to all who will listen, study, pray, May we realize, then, that peace is The elder had been faced with quesaccept, and live the teachings of the more than a spot of ink on a piece of tions before, in written and oral examiMaster. paper or a sound upon our lips. It is nations attendant to receiving advanced

We need to be reminded of the the application of the teachings of the degrees, but never had a question come prayer offered at the dedication of the Prince of Peace in our daily lives. The which seemed to be so monumentally

temple at Kirtland, Ohio, March 27, prophets have been and are speaking. significant.

1836. This prayer was given to the May we follow them. May all we think, I mention this incident, for it illusProphet by revelation, according to his say, and do be in accord with the teachtrates the challenge that members ofwritten statement in the History of the ings of Jesus, and I assure you we will the Church face—all of them. This

Church, 2, 410428: have peace. challenge particularly becomes a

"... that thy servants may go For this I pray humbly, in the name stumbling block to our youth. They

forth from this house armed with thy of the Lord Jesus Christ, our Savior. face a dilemma when the cynic and the

power [the power of truth, righteousAmen. skeptic treat them with academic conness, peace], and that thy name may tempt because they hold to a simple

be upon them, and thy glory be round childlike faith. Before such a chalabout them,... lenge many of them turn away, em-

"And from this place they may bear barrassed and ashamed that they exceedingly great and glorious tidings, cannot answer the question.

in truth, unto the ends of the earth, As our friend attempted to answer that they may know that this is thy this question, he found himself helpwork, and that thou hast put forth thy less to communicate with the attorney, hand, to fulfil that which thou hast for when he said, "The Holy Ghost has spoken by the mouths of the prophets, borne witness to my soul,"the attorney concerning the last days.... said, "I don't know what you are talk-

"That no weapon formed against ing about."

"discern- "prayer"digwords and prosper; shall The that hethem who

"faith"fall were meaningless and into pit for the CAN I ment"geth a them shall attorney, for to the they were outside himself;same

of his experience. REALLY KNOW? the realm "That no combination of wickedness

shall have power to rise up and prevail "You see,"said the attorney, "you over thy people upon whom thy name Boyd K. Packer don't really know. If you did, you would

shall be put in this house [the temAssistant to the Council of the Twelve be able to tell me how you know."The

ple];... implication was that anything we know

"We ask thee, Holy Father, to conSome time ago a representative of we readily can explain in words alone.

found, and astonish, and bring to shame the Church on a plane bound for But Paul said:

and confusion, all those who have a large west coast city was drawn into "Now we have received, not the spread lying reports abroad, over the conversation with a young attorney. spirit of the world, but the spirit which

world, against thy servant or servants, Their conversation centered on the is of God; that we might know the

if they will not repent, when the everfront page of a newspaper, a large things that are freely given to us of lasting gospel shall be proclaimed in city tabloid with the sordid, the ugly, God.

their ears;... the tragic openly displayed. "Which things also we speak, not

"Have mercy, O Lord, upon all the The attorney said the newspaper in the words which man's wisdom nations of the earth; have mercy upon was typical of humanity and typical teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost

the rulers of our land; may those of life—miserable, meaningless, and in teacheth; comparing spiritual things

principles, which were so honorably and all ways useless and futile. The elder with spiritual.

nobly defended, namely, the Constituprotested, holding that life was pur- "But the natural man receiveth not tion of our land, by our fathers, be poseful, and that there lives a God who the things of the Spirit of God: for

1096 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they are foolishness unto him: neither Young people, do not apologize or be anybody really know?"Yes, tens of

can he know them, because they are ashamed because you cannot frame into thousands know. The brethren know.

spiritually discerned."(1 Cor. 2:1214.) words that which you know in your Your parents know.

The elder felt that he might have heart to be true. Do not repudiate your I have respect for the truth. It is

borne his testimony unwisely and testimony merely because you have no wrong to fabricate, to invent, to misprayed in his heart that if the young marvelous manifestations to discuss. lead.

the understand not couldattorney is also. another those in his There dimension Lehi dream who saw

feel the sinleast at could hewords, that received fruit,"witness, has one "were ashamed, "tasted the and When declaration. ofcerity the

testify, for dilute, to to at is called scoffing and that of those him were because in is conveyed not "All knowledge grossto minimize, to forbidwithhold be would into them; and they fell away he said. then alone,"he Andwords

I It of this ly is in the that face wrong. lost"Nephi (1 paths den and were what attorney, the youasked know "Do

I feel witness. to bear the urgency And 8:28.) tastessalt like?"

is that the witness Jesus bear solemn my with and sympathize you know reply. I the We do,"course was "Of

is I I that Christ. say Jesus know it is truth, difficult to the to hold how last?"taste salt did you "When

of that Christ, Christ gospel the the Jesus of professors worldly when the just as dinner on had we "Why,

Smith, to prophet restored a Joseph was counterfeit of themplane."particularlyknowledge—some

preof that O. David God, McKay who scoff. and know salt We just what think you know "You Christians—debunk

is of sides this prophet a over Church that experience personal you from may elder. like,"tastes the said

"I know what salt tastes like as have some doubts. You may wonder at God. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

well as I know anything,"said the attimes, "Can I ever really know for sure?"

torney. You may even wonder, "Does anyone

"If I gave you a cup of salt and a really know for sure?"

cup of sugar and let you taste them President David O. McKay once told

both, could you tell the salt from the of his search for a testimony as a youth.

sugar?""I realized in youth,"he said, "that the

"Now you are getting juvenile,"most precious thing that a man could was his reply. "Of course I could tell obtain in this life was a testimony of the

the difference. I know what salt tastes divinity of this work. I hungered for it."

like. It is an everyday experience; I He indicated that he had somehow

know it as well as I know anything."received the impression that the testi- "Then,"said the elder, "may I ask mony would come as a great spiritual IN WHOM

you one further question? Assuming manifestation.that I had never tasted salt, could you "I remember,"he said, "riding over SHALL WE PLACE

of these the hills afternoon thinking oneexplain to me, in words, just what it things in there that the OUR TRUST? concluded andtastes like?"

After some thought the attorney silence of the hills was the best place ventured, "Well... I... it to get that testimony. EIRay L. Christiansen

is not sweet, and it is not sour.""I stopped my horse and threw the Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

"You have told me what it isn't,"reins over his head.... I knelt down

was the answer, "not what it is."and with all of the fervor of my heart My brothers and sisters, I have been

After several attempts he admitted poured out my soul to God and asked greatly edified by the proceedings of failure in the little exercise of conveyhim for a testimony of this gospel. I this great conference, and I am thanking in words knowledge so commonhad in mind that there would be some ful.

place as that. He found himself quite manifestation, jhat I should receive We live in a wonderful world and no

as helpless as the elder had been to some transformation that would leave doubt in the most wonderful era. There

answer his question. me without doubt. are so many lovely and desirable things

As they parted in the terminal the "I arose, mounted my horse, and as to do, to enjoy, and to accomplish. There

elder bore testimony once again, say- I started over the trail I remember are so many people who help to make ing, "I claim to know there is a God. rather introspectively searching mylife meaningful and purposeful and

You ridiculed that testimony and said self, and involuntarily shaking my worthwhile. But, at the same time,

that if I did know I would be able to head, saying to myself, 'No, sir, there this is a day in which there is much tell you exactly how I know. is no change; I am just the same boy anxiety, confusion, mistrust, and fear.

"My friend, spiritually speaking, I I was before I knelt down.'This is a time when, as prophesied,

have tasted salt. I am no more able to President McKay continues, "The many are "... walking in darkness at

convey to you in words how this knowlanticipated manifestation had not noonday."(D&C 95:6.)

edge has come than you are to perform come. Nor was that the only occasion. In attempting to understand the perthe simple exercise of telling me what However, it did come, but not in the plexities of these days, many good people

salt tastes like. But I say to you again, way that I had anticipated. Even the seem to be running to and fro, here

there is a God. He does live. And just manifestation of God's power and the and there, seeking to find security in

because you don't know, don't try to presence of his angels came, but when it order that they may have peace of tell me that I don't know, for I do."did come, it was simply a confirmation; mind.

it was not the testimony."Some, seemingly, depend upon fleetIn answer to your question, "Can I ing pleasures to satisfy the longings of

ever really know for sure?"we answer, their souls. Often these attempt to

just as certainly as you fill the redrown the realities of life in unrequirements, that testimony will come. strained living. They seem to be among

The Lord has never said, nor was it those who are "... lovers of pleasures

ever pretended, that this testimony more than lovers of God...."(1 Tim.

investigation, itself to scientific 3:4.) reyields Dotson,Rodney Nevada, Las Vegas,

incuriosity, or to academic As a result they find their course is to mere cently returned Mission, Argentine from and Marlene Stoker, Salt Lake City 11th quiry. shallow and unproductive of contentWard, Junior Sunday School chorister. In answer to your question, "Does ment and happiness.

DECEMBER 1964 1097 The questionable value of mere pleaThompson, Hymns, 206), and it really In whom then shall we place our sures is well described by the poet Robert is! It began in our preexistent life, trust? Men may scheme and plan, they

Burns, who wrote in part: and "... to bring about his eternal may devise programs, and they may

purposes in the end of man..."we are legislate changes, but contentment and

"But pleasures are like poppies spread: told the fight with sin will continue in peace will come only when we trust

You seize the flow'r, its bloom is shed; order that man may be free to choose in God and admit our sins and forsake

Or like the snow falls in the river, between the captivity and power of the them and then with determination "... live by every word that proceedethA moment white—then melts for ever."devil and liberty and eternal life

("Tarn o'Shanter,"1, 59.) through Jesus Christ the Lord. (See forth from the mouth of God."(D&C

2 Nephi 2:15, 27.) 84:44.)

Some people attempt to find solace in In that preearth life Lucifer offered To you who are sorrowing, to you esoteric intellectual pursuits, while still to "save"mankind and to bring all who are discouraged, to you who are in to security in of unothers need back. But he have done seek a haven would it by doubt, you who help—Jesus

forforce, deceit destroygave thetried ideologies thereby question, to the answer and and by where manmade mulas. Rather than chart the course ing the agency of man. He demanded shall I place my trust? as he closed his

for themselves, they seem to be willing as his price that God give him all the sermon to the multitude and voiced his to place their lives, their fortunes, honor and the glory that belongs to our great message to the rest of the downtheir all—even their posterity—in the Heavenly Father. Jesus, when he trodden

hands of "benevolent"agencies which heard Lucifer's selfish plan, offered "Come: unto me, all ye that labour and

formulate and prescribe a way of life himself as the Savior of mankind and are heavy laden, and I will give you for them. in so doing said: "Father, thy will be rest.

This misplaced trust is contributing done, and the glory be thine forever.""Take my yoke upon you, and learn of

to the chaotic conditions of our day. (Moses 4:2.) me; for I am meek and lowly in heart:

Truly it may be said that these last We must have witnessed that tragic and ye shall find rest unto your souls.

days are exhibiting more than ever the scene when Lucifer with a third of the "For my yoke is easy, and my burden blatant power and force of Satan. hosts of heaven arose in hateful rebelis light."(Matt. 11:2830.)

"O that cunning plan of the evil lion against God, for it is recorded that Yes, "Blessed is the man that trustone,"exclaimed Jacob. "O the vainthere were many led away captive by eth in the Lord, and whose hope the

ness, and the frailties,... of men! him, "... even as many as would not Lord is."(Jer. 17:7.) May we all

When they are learned they think they hearken unto my voice."(Ibid., 4:4.) place our trust in the Lord and heed

are wise, and they hearken not unto the That one third of the hosts of heaven such counsel as we have been given in counsel of God, for they set it aside, placed their trust in Lucifer and folthis conference, I pray humbly in the supposing they know of themselves, lowed after him. What a tragic event! name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

wherefore, their wisdom is foolishness And yet, even in that preexistent and it profiteth them not. And they state, the right of choice was theirs and

shall perish. ours, and that right continues with us

"But to be learned is good if they today. We then chose the right. We

hearken unto the counsels of God."(2 placed our trust in God.

of 9:2829.) today? whatNephi Now We have SALVATION

living told In this by our that prophet day of debauchery and crime beenwhen a man or woman or a boy or a "... Never before... were there so many DEPENDENT UPON

girl can sink to greater depths than ever insidious influences at work amongbefore, we can be grateful that even in our people as today—... never before COMMUNICATION

the midst of these opposing forces, it is have dangers been so threatening to ourpossible through following the principles youth.... some think the standards of FROM GOD

of the gospel of Jesus Christ, for each of morality have changed. The standard

us to learn and to progress and to reach of morals of a Latterday Saint... Alvin R. Dyer

the greatest heights in less time than will never change."Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

ever before. This is a day of sifting, when the

How may we in our short lifetime Lord determines "who's who,"when My brethren and sisters, if varied prepare to reach the greatest heights? the "goats"will separate themselves experiences enrich the soul, then I

Is it by placing our trust in the wisfrom the "sheep"; actually this is the would hope for every one of you that

dom and power and the abilities of man? day when we must determine and prove you could be assigned to be one of the

No! For "Thus saith the Lord; whether we are Latterday Saints or last speakers in a general conference

Cursed be the man that trusteth in whether we are "Latterday Ain'ts."of the Church. It reminds me of a

man, and maketh flesh his arm, and The Latterday Saints are without story that Brother Adam S. Bennion told

whose heart departeth from the Lord."excuse. We are well taught, we are well once. He was a great storyteller as

(Jer. 17:5.) directed. We have both ancient and you remember.

And from the Book of Mormon we modern scripture to guide us. We have He said that there was a man

could add, "... or [who] shall hearken the priesthood. We have living prophets, who was disturbed by the howling dog

unto the precepts of men, save their and I testify to you that President of his neighbor. He stood it as long as

precepts shall be given by the power of David O. McKay is just that. We he could, and then at 3 am in the mornthe Holy Ghost."(2 Nephi 28:31.) have the Church with its supporting ing put on his bathrobe and slippers

This is not to minimize the almost organizations. We have the saving and and walked across the intervening

unbelievable accomplishments which exalting ordinances which are adminlawn to his neighbor's home. He

man has made in conquering his enistered by proper authority in holy pounded on the door until he finally vironment and in subduing the earth. temples. We have the Holy Ghost to roused the neighbor, who came to the

But to conquer and subdue the earth is guide us, to warn us, and to impress door sleepyeyed, and he said to him, futile if we fail to conquer and subdue us. But still we must learn that except "Say, mister, your howling dog has kept

ourselves and to place our trust in the through Jesus of Nazareth, "... there me awake all night."

Lord. is none other name under heaven given Strangely enough, the neighbor never

In one of our hymns we sing, "The among men, whereby we must be said a word. He just closed the door

fight with sin is real..."(Will L. saved."(Acts 4:12.) and went back to bed. But the next

1098 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA morning at precisely the same hour he Moses, as revealed to the Prophet Joswent across the same lawn in the other eph Smith:

direction and pounded on his neighbor's "And worlds without number have door and finally got him up. And when I created; and I also created them for

he came to the door, he said, "Say, mine own purpose; and by the Son I

mister, I haven't got a dog."created them, which is mine Only BeWell, that's the way I feel right gotten."(Moses 1:33.) As to his purnow, brothers and sisters, I haven't pose, he said to Moses: "For behold,

got a subject. They have all been spothis is my work and my glory—to bring

ken on. to pass the immortality and eternal

But realistically, the breadth and life of man."(Ibid., 1:39.)

the depth of the subjects of the gospel Men dream of finding somewhere is so great that I suppose every speaker, "out there"super beings whose intelsucceeding one after another, could well ligence is superior to that found upon speak on the same subject. the earth. But this concept could have

In the days of ancient Israel, "the a twoway application in that visitors feast,"to presentour which was similar outer from space intelwith superior Claude Feighner of Ontario (California) of "conference,"day time a was ligence understanding and could come Ward bishopric, gathering, a time of harvest, a time of to the planet Earth with vital truths rejoicing, and, what is more particof salvation.

ularly significant, "the feast"was Speakers at this conference have their acts and deeds toward their fellow men. increase told of the He also of as designated the a time Lord by testified of the appearance our of God

of the powers of darkness in accord- I feeling help that cannot remembrance. Heavenly Father and his Beloved Son,

here should be the reenactment of this who is the Lord and Redeemer of manance with the spread of the restored ancient admonition of the Lord, that kind, unto the Prophet Joseph Smith. gospel.

we should remember the things that Contacts have also been made by other He proclaimed a warning unto those we have heard at this great conference messengers sent to the earth from the of the Church who might compromise of the Church. presence of God. We are now firmly in their way of life and lose the power

That we have met under the peacepossession of the knowledge of the way and understanding of the gospel that ful influence of President McKay, who back from mortality into immortality, "Atheism is the greatest weapon Sais nearby, at this conference brings to there to dwell in the presence of our tan has to use, and its evil influence is all of us a comforting reassurance. Heavenly Father, who in his holy purbringing degradation to millions

With due respect to Brother Petersen poses desires his children back with throughout the world."And then,

in the excellent treatment of the subject him. what is singularly important as a diof revelation I would like to offer one Revelation may be regarded as invine inspiration from a prophet of God,

or two thoughts which go in a different credible to many. Its reality may also he said, "Only the declaration of the

direction, treating perhaps another aspect be taken for granted by our own memdivinity of Jesus Christ to all the of it. bers, producing a danger of forsaking people of the world can counteract this

Our ninth Article of Faith states: the very will of God. evil."

"We believe all that God has revealed, I testify, as others have done here The second concerns the remarks of all that He does now reveal, and we today, that God revealed his mind and Elder Harold B. Lee last night in

believe that He will yet reveal many will unto Joseph Smith, the first prophthe general priesthood meeting unfoldgreat and important things pertaining et in our modern times, and that since ing the outline of the family home to the Kingdom of God."his day there have been other prophets evening program, concerning which

From this we declare that the salwho have presided over this work and you will hear a great deal in the weeks vation of mankind is dependent upon who have been directed by the Lord. ahead. He premised his remarks by recommunication from God. I testify that President David O. McKay ferring to the statements made by the

In this age of space exploration is the chosen leader of God's work prophets of God in this dispensation, science is probing deeper and deeper here upon the earth today, unto whom emphasizing the importance of parents into the universe. A landing upon the he has given revelation for the guidteaching their children the gospel.

moon is planned. Contact with Venus, ance and direction of the work which These statements made by the President

Mars, and other planets is also under our Heavenly Father desires carried of our Church are actually revelations consideration. That other beings will be out upon the earth to accomplish his from God concerning the importance

found to exist "out there"in the depths purposes. of the family unit in the plan of the

of space is a matter of scientific conWe are frequently asked the quesgospel.

cern. tions by those who are not of our faith, Our high resolve should be to bring

Suppose this proved to be true, and "When was the last time that your ourselves in harmony with this instruccontact with people of other planets prophet received a revelation?"and tion, thereby obeying the mind and will

were permitted by the Lord; it would "How is it made known to your peoof God as it is revealed unto his

be ironic indeed if they were found to ple?"In answer to these questions may servants. In contemplation of this dihave the same lack of response or "no I cite two most recent evidences of divine information and these instrucconcern"attitude as do the people of vine instruction and revelation from tions, I would say unto those who have

the planet Earth, generally, toward God which are for the guidance of the asked the question, "When was a revethe visits and contacts made by persons Church. lation last given?"that they might

from outer space who have already The first of these concerns the profitably take note of the nature of come to the earth. message of President McKay at the and the manner by which these reveSince 1830 we have proclaimed to beginning of this conference, the sublations referred to have been given.

the world that visitors on divine misstance of which he also gave to the From the Doctrine and Covenants I sions have been sent to this planet to stake presidencies of the Oakland quote the following: "Wherefore, I the

reveal the purpose of this life and the Temple District not long ago. Upon Lord, knowing the calamity which

needed preparation for life after morboth of these occasions he told of the should come upon the inhabitants of tal death. Concerning other occupied great love of Jesus Christ and charged the earth, called upon my servant Joseph

planets, God made this known unto the assembly to reflect this love in Smith, Jun., and spake unto him from

DECEMBER 1964 J099 heaven, and gave him commandments;"from God, as they have been given by Of Abraham it was said: "For I know

(D&C 1:17.) divine messengers who have visited the him, that he will command his children

The commandments given by reveearth, that they may come to know and his household after him, and they lations from God provide the laws and the ways of the Lord and then courashall keep the way of the Lord,..."

ordinances of the gospel, and obedigeously accept and live by them. (Gen. 18:19.)

ence thereto will exalt man in the I bear you my testimony to be added And through Moses: "... I give unto

presence of our Heavenly Father. They to those already borne that this is the you a commandment, to teach these

contain "pure knowledge"which man work of our Heavenly Father. I am things freely unto your children,..."

cannot find out in and of himself, grateful, my brothers and sisters, to (Moses 6:58.)

thereby necessitating their divine combe associated with you and pray that From King Benjamin in the Book of munication. the work may go forward as the Lord Mormon: "And ye will not suffer your

The Prophet Joseph Smith once dehas ordained that it should, in the name children that they go hungry, or naked;

scribed the manner in which such direct of Jesus Christ. Amen. neither will ye suffer that they transinspiration comes, for said he: "Yea, gress the laws of God, and fight and

thus saith the still small voice, which quarrel one with another, and serve the whispereth through and pierceth all devil, who is the master of sin,...

things, and often times it maketh my "But ye will teach them to walk in bones to quake while it maketh manithe ways of truth and soberness; ye will

fest...."(D&C 85:6.) teach them to love one another, and to

serve another."4:1415.) one to those (Mosiah deny would Speaking who

I con- "NO OTHER the Doctrine from And and Covewould revelations of God,the nants, oftquoted: also shall of they the Prophet "And the remarksclude with

teach their children to pray, contact SUCCESS CAN to walk and the sameMoroni, made whowith Joseph Smith as a visitor sent COMPENSATE uprightly before the Lord."(D&C 68:

from the presence of God, as recorded 28.)in the Book of Mormon: FOR FAILURE "... I have commanded you to bring

your children in light and truth."up unto I speak you again who "And

(Ibid., 93:40.) of say IN THE HOME"revelations and the God,deny

that they are done away, that there "... set in order your own house,..."

are no revelations, nor prophecies, nor Richard L. Evans (Ibid., 93:43.)

gifts, nor healing, nor speaking with Of the Council of the Twelve "... see that [your family] are more

tongues, and the interpretation of diligent and concerned at home, and tongues; Somewhere I have read or heard of pray always, or they shall be removed

"Behold I say unto you, he that dethis remark by a woman who was obout of their place."(Ibid., 93:50.)

nieth these things knoweth not the gosserving a clean and manly and admi- "We have been so eager to give our pel of Christ; yea, he has not read the rable young man. "I would give twenty children what we didn't have,"said one

scriptures; if so, he does not underyears of my life,"she said, "to have a observer, "that we have neglected to

stand them. son like that."The mother of the boy, give them what they should have."

"For do we not read that God is the standing nearby, overheard the comment "Ought we not to begin,"said another same yesterday, today, and forever, and replied: "That is what I have given spiritual teacher, "by offering our chiland in him there is no variableness—twenty years of my life."dren those things that we did have? In

neither shadow of changing?"(MorMy mind keeps going back to a senour childhood we received maximum

mon 9:7-9.) tence from the April conference address religious instruction. In our childhood

About six weeks before the death of President McKay, in which he said: we beheld examples of persevering fruof the Prophet Joseph Smith, as he had "No other success can compensate for gality, hard work, and the spirit of

been harassed by many concerning the failure in the home."pioneering on every frontier of life.

revelations which God had given unto There is no easy way to rear a family. Things were not just handed to us."

him, he bore publicly, at that very imThere is no way, really, to be parttime (Rabbi Joseph H. Lockstein.)

portant meeting held in Nauvoo on parents. There are other necessary in- "It is in youth,"said Benjamin FrankMay 12, 1844, perhaps one of his last terests and activities and obligations, but lin, "that we plant our chief habits and

testimonies concerning the revelations the responsibility of being a parent is prejudices.... in youth the private and

of God, wherein he said: everpresent and lifelong. (So is the public character is determined...."

"Oh! I beseech you go forward... responsibility of being a son or a daughThe idea that we can leave to children

and make your calling and your electer.) And there is nothing more rewardentirely to choose as to the essentials of

tion sure.... ing than the sacred assignment of life is an altogether unsafe idea.

"When did I ever teach anything parenthood, faithfully followed through. What agency or institution would be

wrong from this stand? When was I With the home and family in mind, qualified to supersede the home? Where

ever confounded? I want to triumph as emphasized so effectively last evening else would we go for the first seeds of

in Israel before I depart hence and am in the messages from President McKay faith? Where else is example so close,

no more seen. I never told you I was and Presidents Brown and Tanner and so constant?

perfect; but there is no error in the by Brother Lee and Bishop Simpson, the There never was a tonic that would

revelations which I have taught."counsel comes to us to teach our chilcure more social ailments than a

(Andrew Jenson, The Historical Record, dren, to draw near to them in love, in healthy, happy home. There never was

The challenge to the members of the example. an affectionate and understanding

Church in these closing minutes of The counsel comes to us to reempha- family. There never was a better way

this great conference is to adhere to size the home—the first and most efof helping children to happiness than

the revelations from God that we may fective place for teaching the values the close confidence of wise and loving make our election sure. The challenge and virtues and the lessons of life. This and responsible parents.

to those not of the Church who are counsel has been given by a long succesOf course there are some who haven't watching and listening is to be consion of prophets and Presidents of the homes. But if all the homes we have

cerned, to investigate, and to find out Church and by our Father in heaven were doing what they could or ought for themselves the truth of revelations over all the ages. to do, there would be less need for many

noo THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New arrival: seeks longterm lease

This newborn fawn and all his kind will prosper. Thanks to

the Federal Wilderness Law, millions of beautiful acres will be set aside as a perpetual wilderness and home for wildlife.

Standard Oil welcomes it. Our drilling crews work in close

cooperation with fish and game and wildlife officials. Our

helicopter crews cooperate in forest fire patrol. Standard men

have even gone out of their way to enlarge a breeding pound, or truck water to droughtstricken animals.

If oil is found, operations are planned with a minimum of disturbance. Working areas are fenced to protect the animals

... wildlife returns, often increases. When you go to enjoy the great outdoors

and its wildlife, rely on the man at the

Standard Oil men are good neighbors to the wilderness. Sign of the Chevron. He'll help you get

there, with free touring information, and highest quality S. O. products for your car

and boat.

The ChevronSign of excellence STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

DECEMBER 1964 1101 agencies and institutions that are bravely bility cease? Legally we can define it,

attempting to do what the home should but is it over—ever?

do. And before we create more and more The family circle is everlasting, and

complex social machinery, we ought to so are its responsibilities and blessings.

put the emphasis back where it belongs, And so it is that the Presidents of the onence—thethe oldestfamily,socialtheinstitutionhome. Andinif existmore Churchthe homefromand farhavebackurgedhavea weeklyemphasizedhome

and ever more emphasis is placed outevening. We have come to the time

side the home, we shall have less and when it is well and strongly felt that less influence with our families and there must be a reemphasis on the more and more public problems. home, and for this coming year there

Among the most important privileges will be provided a gospel course of inof parents is the making of a happy struction for some of these home evehome, a place of understanding, of love nings for parents to teach their children.

and loyalty, not marred by quarreling Carol Cook, Laei, Hawaii, BYU student It is an act of greatness and heroism to and contention, a place wherever they teaching in Salt Lake City, and Dwayne hold a family together, to set before are and however old they are, they will Shupe, Mesa, Arizona, Sunday School them an example, to teach them in ways truth, of of consistency, to to live a liferemember with warm and wonderful teacher,chorister.MIA secretary, and priesthood

necessities, providememories. to nurse and serve in

The question comes at times as to sickness, to wash, to cook, to clean, to whether or not mothers should work. Sometimes, later in life, these same make, to mend, to counsel, to love, to

Certainly circumstances would vary the parents turn and come closer to the understand, to pray, to be patient, and answer. This comment from Dr. Elton Church, only to find to their sorrow to do the thousand other unnamed

Trueblood is of interest: that their children, having been enthings that it takes to rear a family, to

"We know that the Communist couraged in a different direction, don't make a house a home—and to do itphilosophy of Russia has a clear answer turn back so easily—if ever. every day, sometimes without seeming

to this question: that women should "Whatever you would have your chilgratitude—and to lead a family rightbe employed exactly as men are, the dren become, strive to exhibit in your eously unto eternal life. And since it is

state caring for the children during own lives and conversation,"said Lydia our Father's purpose to bring to pass the the mother's hours of employment outSigourney. immortality and eternal life of his chilside the home. [But] because our phi- "We can do more good by being good, dren, what could better be our purpose

losophy includes other values, especially than in any other way."(Author unas parents?

those of the home as a creative center, known.) And what if it does take twenty years

we cannot subscribe to this... doctrine. Mahatma Ghandi said: "My life is my—or forty—or forever? What can life

... Many women engage in work message."Every parent could say it better be used for?

outside the home. But often they do also, and every parent's life will be his There keep coming back to me the

it at the wrong time in their lives. message to the latest generation. words of President McKay: "No other

There is a period when a woman who One of the first essentials is for parsuccess can compensate for failure in the makes a home what it ought to be necesents to be united in their objectives, of home."

sarily finds it occupying all the time, one faith and one purpose. "Do you exKeeping a home, a family, going and

energy and imagination she possespect, forsooth,"asked an ancient together, is heroic. Thank God for faithses...."Roman poet, do you really expect "that ful parents.

How can we expect other people to a mother will hand down to her chilTo those who have somewhat withteach and to build character in our dren principles which differ from her drawn themselves, I would plead with children if we don't? own?"(Juvenal, Satires.) Any young you to turn again to know the peace and

How can we expect others to take man who thinks that a girl who doesn't blessings of the faith of your fathers.

their time and to inconvenienve thembelieve as he believes will teach his To those who have never known, I selves for our children if we don't? children as he would teach them simply would plead with you to open your

Sometimes some parents mistakenly isn't facing facts. In marrying we hearts and your minds to the search for

feel that they can relax a little as to choose the parents of our children, and truth.

conduct and conformity or take perwe have an obligation to ourselves and In the words of the song the choir has haps a so called liberal view of basic to our children to marry those with sung I would plead, with you, that the and fundamental things—thinking that whom there can be a oneness of purKing of kings may come and be mindful

matter—ora little laxnessthey mayor failindulgenceto teach won'tor to poseWeandoftenconviction.read and quote from the ofdearus.toInall theof us,wordsI wouldof anotherremember,song,withso

attend Church, or may voice critical Doctrine and Covenants: "And if it so you, our President, in thanking God for

views. Some parents sometimes seem to be that you should labor all your days a prophet, to guide us in these latter days.

feel that they can ease up a little on... and bring, save it be one soul unto And, with you, I would bear witness

the fundamentals without affecting their me, how great shall be your joy with of our literal relationship to God our family or their family's future. But if him in the kingdom of my Father!"Father, who made us in his own image,

a parent goes a little off course, the (D&C 18:15.) and to the divinity of his Beloved Son,

children are likely to exceed the parent's Now if it is a thing of such exceeding our Savior, and to the gospel plan and example. joy to bring one soul to our Father, how purpose for bringing us back into their

"He who imitates an evil example,"great a joy it must be to keep and bring presence, for the wonderful association said Francisco Guicciardini, "generally back to him those whom he has given and limitless opportunities of everlasting goes beyond it; he who imitates a good us. It is wonderful and essential to send life.

example generally falls short of it."missionaries to far places, but how could And, with you, I pray and plead that

There must be standards and examwe justify not keeping our own? we may so live and teach our children

ples that are sure and safe to follow. To If it is important to be our brother's that we may have them with us, not one

lead our children away from faithfulkeeper, how very important it must be missing—always and forever—and I do

ness, away from conformity, away from to be our children's keeper, the keeper it in the name of our beloved divine Rebasic and bedrock belief is too much reof our families, those whom God has deemer, our Lord and Savior Jesus sponsibility to take. given us. When does a parent's responsiChrist. Amen.

1102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Carving Utah's largest road system

It is reasonable to assume that Utah's Interstate

Highway system is the largest single road building project in the state. After all, it will provide nearly

1000 miles of multilane highways extending from border to border. During the 15 years needed for

construction, an estimated 15 million tons of rock and earth will be moved.

Surely, this is the largest.

Actually, it isn't!

In terms of volume of material handled, the largest is in the limited area of the Bingham Canyon Kennecott

Mine, where Kennecott men and machines are refor Copper giantmodeling65 andnature.85tonTheytrucksare whichcarvingarea roadreplacingsystemtrains

Corporation inmonths,haulingmoreoverburdenthan 20 millionto thetonsdumps.of materialIn justhave18

been moved in this one phase of Kennecott's $100 million expansion program to increase copper proUtah Copper Division duction.

The Kennecott expansion program, typified by road construction at the mine, stands as a prime example of what private enterprise means to Utah.

Kennecott's policy of reinvestment assures maximum life for copper production from the Bingham Canyon mine.

This investment will pay dividends to the people of Utah in the form of longterm economic benefits that are basic to our state's economy.

DECEMBER 1964 1103 fifty years. Now it is time we were doing standard works in their private possessomething about it."sion, and that on Easter, on birthdays,

Now that something is to be done in on Christmas, on New Year's, you make four different ways. In the first place this a part of your family giving to your

there have been prepared a full year's children, so they may have the joy of lessons for parents to guide them in the personally owning the Bible, the Book teaching of the gospel in the home. of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, "SEARCH

DILIGENTLY, Theseinto thelessonhomemanualsby the willhomebe teachers,brought theseand thepreciousPearl ofpagesGreatbeginPrice, toandbe frominPRAY ALWAYS, whogram willgive thenhelpfulas theirsuggestionspart ofandthedirecpro- structedAs I thoughtin the waysof whatof theweLord.are doing

impact, its possible the words tions and to homes which may need that now AND BE in of the Prophet came, "But direction. Micah

to pass, shall that the last days it for the next year Priesthood come quorums BELIEVING"the shall of of the the house Lord class the mountain period, will study, every weekly place of the father in the teaching of be established in the top of the mounHarold B. Lee the gospel to his own children in the tains, and it shall be exalted above the

Of the Council of the Twelve home. And once a month the mothers hills; and people shall flow unto it.

will have a similar lesson. "And many nations shall come, and

I suppose it is unnecessary to say that As I have read and studied these say, Come, and let us go up to the this is unscheduled, unprogrammed, unlessons, I have become aware that the mountain of the Lord, and to the house rehearsed, and, as you will soon observe, more nearly we have a weekly home of the God of Jacob; and he will teach

unprepared. gospel discussion lesson with appropriate us of his ways, and we will walk in his

My mind has been filled with the activity, the more nearly we will be able paths: for the law shall go forth of Zion,

realization that in 1964 and the year just to coordinate with the Relief Society and the word of the Lord from Jerupreceding, we have been receiving as and Melchizedek Priesthood lessons. salem."(Mic. 4:1-2.)

pertinent and important divine direction There will be optional lessons suggested I say to you Latterday Saint mothers as has ever been given to the Church in for optional home nights on other things and fathers that if you will rise to the any similar period in its history through that some may care to have to augment responsibility of teaching your children prethe prophet and leader who now prethe gospel lesson instruction. in the home—priesthood quorums

sides as the President of this Church. As I have thought of home night, I paring the fathers, the Relief Society

You may recognize it in some of the have thought of my own family, and I the mothers—the day will soon be

developments we know as the correlasuppose all of you have as you have been dawning when the whole world will tion program. You have seen it being listening. When our eldest daughter was come to our doors and will say, "Show

unraveled bit by bit, and you will see to be married to a fine Latterday Saint us your way that we may walk in your and hear more of it. boy, the two mothers were in the corner path."

One of the first assignments that was of the room talking to each other. The And so in final summation as I have

given to President Elmer G. Peterson mother of our eldest daughter said, been thinking of what has been said,

of the Utah State University who served "You know, from the time my little and in carrying out what our noble in the church welfare program, he being girl was born I have been praying that leader wishes, my prayer is that his a member of our agricultural committee somewhere a mother would be preparheart will have been thrilled, inasmuch with Dr. John A. Widtsoe as the chairing a son worthy to marry my daughter."as he, perhaps more than any other

man, was some agricultural assignment. And this other mother smiled and said, living individual, past or present, has

After he had made his report of this "Isn't that strange. This is my only son, given the urge to this matter of teaching

assignment, he made this signifcant who is being married to your daughter, and living the gospel in the home. And

statement: "Brethren, I have discovered and ever since he was born, I too have perhaps this is the scripture we should

again something that I have always been praying that somewhere there all remember as an admonition from the known. The members of this Church would be a mother preparing a daughter Lord that strikes to the heart of what we

are like soldiers in the ranks, and all worthy to meet and to marry my son."are talking about, "Search diligently,

they need is for someone to give them It is that kind of home attention pray always, and be believing, and all marching orders."fathers and mothers preparing daughters things shall work together for your good,

Now that is exactly what is being and sons who will make us and our if ye walk uprightly and remember the done. You may not be aware of the fact homes stronger today. covenant wherewith ye have covenanted

that there are approximately five hunWe said last night to priesthood leadone with another."(D&C 90:24.)

dred specially called, specially trained ers that we propose to send out for a I bear you my solemn testimony that I specialists in four great priesthood fields stake introductory program at one of know with all my soul that God today, and in the auxiliary organizations who your stake priesthood meetings shortly as well as in times past, is revealing his go out by regular assignments to stake after this conference a program to be mind and will to his people, and if we conferences and to regional meetings carried out, and then a film strip of will search diligently, pray always, and throughout the entire Church to give probably seventy frames or more to give be believing, all things shall work to specific and definite directions as to the specific instructions in the ward where the good of him who remembers the carrying out of the great program which every family may have the chance to be covenants with which he has covenanted is intended to concentrate the forces of called together and to be given instrucone with the other. And so I bear testithe Lord to meet the challenging opposition as to the way to carry out the mony and leave you my blessing in

tion of the onslaughts of evil that are family home night. Now these will be the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

so apparent among us. sent out to you and will be your instruc-

A week ago yesterday I had a glorious tion to start the indoctrination period hour with President McKay, as keen and at once so that by January 1 we may be alert and as assured as to this matter of in full gear so far as the weekly home True wisdom is to know what is best to a night. have determination ourrenewing

ever night as I have family One of the hopes we have is that in worth knowing and to do what is bestweekly home seen President McKay. And he said, this program every boy and girl of worth doing.

"We have talked about this thing for deacon age and older will have the four—Humphreys

1104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand Going...

...anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

O 1964, Continental Oil Company

DECEMBER 1964 1105

The Art of Lecturing 12. Involve students in a positive Prepare your lecture from the

personal way. class members'point of view. Step

Effectively Draw only "yes"responses from into their shoes and you will better your class. If you have a controverbe able to meet their needs.

( Continued from page 1037 sial issue to present, avoid involving 14. Limit the time of your lecture

yourself personally as part of the to short periods.

issue. Get your class members to This is particularly important when

and more easily understood, although thinking "yes,""yes,""I want to,""I teaching younger and slower groups.

a continuum of many degrees and want to."Tell the class about indiFew people have the ability to convalues usually lies between each set viduals in the group and their accentrate on a dry lecture for an hour

of opposites. complishments. Draw them in a or even for thirty minutes. Greater

For example, in our daily activipositive way into your lecture and interest results when several methties we seldom see all light or all they will become loyal supporters of ods are used in a lesson. Variety is

dark. Rather, many values of light what you have to say. the spice of teaching. Therefore, in

and dark come to our view which 13. See that your subject matter is the process of cutting your lecture

would fit on the continuum someof value and interest to the period short, fill the time gap where between the two extremes. listeners. with classmember-centered methods.

Yet to teach the concept of what is light and what is dark, class members will perceive and thus understand more clearly if they can see and compare something that is all light with something that is all dark. For

instance, walked and talked Moses THE WHATEVER WORK IS SPOKEN glory. God's and beheldwith God WORD a

The Lord then allowed Satan to appear to Moses, perhaps so that

Moses might learn the difference between the powers of God and the RICHARD L. EVANS

powers of Satan. Having thus witLast this counsel Paul: week from that to we quoted quiet, study ye "And be the extreme power ofnessed good

. to. Z'do your with and to your hands. work own business, 1 Passing own evil, and of extremeand the power

Moses was more capable of discernover the part on quietness and tending our own business, we turn a moment ing good from evil when seen in to the question of work. "Not to be occupied, and not to exist, amount to

the thing,"2 Voltaire. said same effort goal "Without to some and some reach lesser forms.their people Many

2 said live."Dostoevsky, "no can toil for "The highest reward man man's is it,"difficulty in discerning whathave

4 it, for is not he gets what but what he becomes see before the us by it."We isright partly bewrong, and what

cause they have not had experience paradox of some working less and less while the total needs of the world are or taken the opportunity to compare ever more and more. We see the paradox of leisure becoming more and more

clearly the two opposing forces. popular and pursued, while some work at more than one assignment or even

An application of this principle several. And while many want and need work, many look at it as something

may be observed in teaching the to be avoided. Work is described by some as the dullest of drudgery, and yet

pitfalls of going steady in high to others it is the most exciting, lifegiving part of life. "It is impossible,"obschool. Rather than muddying up served Elton Trueblood, "to overstress the place of work in contemporary

the discussion with pros and cons life.... A man can stand what he is doing if he can see its larger significance.

mixed together, have students isoWhat must be almost unbearable is pointless toil.... If we are to have a

late the extreme advantages as comcomplex organization there must be repetitive tasks and some people must pared to the extreme disadvantages perform many of them. If people are to live they must eat, and if they are

of going steady in high school. Write to eat bread somebody must make it. Once the formula is established...

these two separate lists on the chalkwork... is inevitably routine.... Almost every job has its dull aspect,

board. This will be much more but any necessary job can be glorified by the conception of human service."5

helpful to the "steady daters"in seeWhatever work is or is thought to be, it is essential to each of us—for growth,

ing where they stand. for character, for development, and for "a hundred virtues [and satisfactions]

When teaching the atonement of which the idle never know."""People have to work in order to be happy...

Jesus Christ, do so by bringing in the without work, rest and relaxation have no meaning."4 To cite the words of

fall of man. Compare a list of the reCharles Kingsley: "Thank God every morning when you get up that you

sults of the fall with the results of the have something to do that day which must be done whether you like it or atonement. This will greatly assist not."7 "... only through dedicated work does a man fulfill himself."6

class members in better understanding the atonement. n2Voltaire,Thess. In4:11.SaintcBeuve, i.

Dostoevsky, The House of the Dead. When teaching the qualities of a 3Fedor4Author unknown.

great man, his attributes will be bet- '"'Elton Trueblood, "Christian Faith and Daily Work,"Christian Century, August 29, 1956.

ter understood if he is compared with WilliamSeptemberS. Carlson,1, 1962."The Desire to Work,"August 6, 1952. Published in Vital Speeches of the Day,

an evil man. "Charles Kingsley, Town and Country Sermons.

Using this method in a presenta- "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia tion often adds strength to learning. Broadcasting System, September 6, 1964. Copyright 1964.

1106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN '100PAYS WEEKLY.

even for life to Nondrinkers and Nonsmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and smoking are harmful. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers are

excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting the first day

you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

You do not smoke or drinksickness, hospitalization caused by use of DO THIS TODAY!

else narcotics. liquor or everything On Fill application right mail below out for and so pay why premiums fully you're amazingly low protected—at will policy approval, away. your Upon be those do? who rates! mailed. begins at promptly Coverage noon in see your newspaper dayEvery you policy. effective of date deDon't your on 3. for that loss evidence drinking benefits smokingmore and Other lay. enter almost people day Every 50,000 life.shorten of America's They're one now of 90 accident within days hospitals. get protection now. your So health causeleading prime problems—a policy). in (as described $2000 pay We hospitaliratesof the high most premium for death. accidental cash cash $2000 Or

policies charge.zation foot, loss of for of or sight one one hand, MONEYBACK GUARANTEE

loss over of eye. for carefully. policy your cash minboth Read one Askyour $6000 Or rates are based your on Our ister, it. lawyer doctor sure examine and Be feet. eyes, or hands, both both

it it provides exactly what towe Then, say superior health, all reason at satisnot are if for any you 100%does. nondrinkeras a nonsmoker. and The just to policy within back mail close your us invite 30 comparison We

will fied,days immediately and enwe refund your HospitalizaAmericannew Temperance plan. other any with tire questions asked. premium. can You No offertion Plan low unbelievably can you

. dollars gain thousands risk nothing...you of is like ours. other Actually, comBut norates drinkers accept because not we do

rates. save. See pare what you rates. Also, smokers, cause highand who

your premiums can never be raised because older or grow have you too many JEA* OUT AND MAIL TODAY Ef2JJJ0 J. fclaims. rate adjustment a general Only

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly StreetCity or RD #.Zone..County..State.

TAX FREE—even for life, Age Date of Birth

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation.Height Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air i also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times 1.

you collect.

2. We cover all accidents and

sicknesses, except pregnancy, war or miliany act of tary service, accidents preexisting or Toand thefreebestfromof anyyourphysicalknowledgeimpairment,and belief,or disease?are you andYesall membersNo listed above in good health To the best of your knowledge, have you or any member above Qlisted had medical advice or

IMPORTANT: Check table below and inclvde year first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details please If so,premium with application. Yes No stating person affected, cause, date, name and address

fully recovered. physician,D whether and of attending

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply and under pays $2 $28 for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating

adult Each prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the written answers to the above questions.

1964 pays $380 $38 Date: Signed:X

Each adult ATIAT 65100 pays $590 $59 Mail this application with your first premium to 1988

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM IT PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

DECEMBER 1964 1107 Plenty of class discussion is desirlesson objective. State the objective standing the purpose of tithing and

able. in simple terms. then paying a full tithing, by gaining

15. Build your lecture around one On three different outlines on the spiritual strength through fasting, by

simple idea. same subject the following lesson recognizing the worth of prayer and

Too often teachers use a half dozobjectives appeared. then practising prayer, and by maken concepts with one method. EfThe first teacher wrote; "My puring the building of the kingdom a

fective teaching results from using a pose is to convince students to begin main goal."

half dozen methods to put over one now to consecrate themselves to the The second teacher cut down the concept. During the short lecture building of Christ's kingdom by valunumber of concepts in this same lesperiod, isolate one simple idea and ing each day, making each day person objective: "To convince class

structure your entire presentation fect by their becoming as conscious members to begin now to consecrate around it. This idea, or aim, is the of motives as of actions, by underthemselves to the building up of the

kingdom of God on earth in order that they will realize that spiritual strength comes through fasting and will do so when they need this strength."The third teacher simplified this 'THE SPOKEN THE CONSTITUTIONAND same lesson objeotive to:

WORD i FAST?""WHY FREEDOM UNDER GOD Learning is enhanced when we

teach with specifics. Do not be too

generous with generalities. In simRICHARD L. EVANS plicity there is power.

16. Combine one or more of the folSometimes some things are so good, so constant, so much with us, so taken lowing teaching methods with

for granted that we neglect or overlook them, as if they were always there your lecture-.*

and always will be, regardless of any actions or attitudes of ours or any a. Personal experiences

future events. The Constitution of our country and the way of life it makes b. Storytelling

possible could come under this category. And so it may be timely and season- c. Chalkboard illustrating

able to ask ourselves what is the substance of it, the genius of it, what basic- d. Object lessons

ally sustains it and brought it into being? Looking at all of history and at all e. General discussion

the world around us, we must conclude that the essential element over all is f. Case study discussion

sessions Buzz g- direction, in that anything a different underfreedom God, and would move i. Flip chart course, searchin of the contrary should a very depths to the be scrutinized

]'Flannelboard souls. of nation,"University, saiding our the "every "In our Chaplain of Duke

its its faith of reliance the has affirmedbranch in God, government upon k.1. PicturesPosters justice the to relevance of God's our nationalGod, and and power, wisdom

survival and welfare... the American government has always proclaimed m. Film strips

the nation's faith in God and prayed for the blessing of His wisdom and n. Opaque projectors

protection in our national life."1 Going back three and a half centuries, the P- Recordings

Oral reading q- "in the of the grace...Mayflower was witnessed Compact by name God

r. Rapidfire questioning

.. in of glory for ofof the presence the.... and God."2 God God The

note s. Student taking

... of of the of "theframers Declaration laws Independence acknowledged

nature's God"and that "all men are... endowed by their Creator with cerIt has been pointed out from the

tain unalienable rights."3 Witnesses are sworn to tell the truth before God. sad experience of Lyle Hardy that

is the lecture the usually method otherwise themselves? If there nothing swear would whatBy were men

least desirable to teaching approach theirsacred, the historical of of would worth be what word? documents The

lesson, a gospel particularly to young live in glorious landthe infused are which out we than that—grow with—more

it is people. frethe However, most hisof of purposes providence and acknowledgment and power: and God quently at used and, the same "so"In "one believe Nation God."under God help me God,""We We Trust,"time, the of teaching most abused instituted forthat of governments the benefit were that he man; and of God methods.holds men accountable for their acts in relation to them, both in making laws

and administering them, for the good and safety of society."4 In our belief NewForTechniquesfurther help,by thesee author.the book Teaching with

the Constitution was divinely inspired, and there is no enduring basis of freedom except it be Godgiven. And how effectively we shall preserve it

will much depend upon our attitude toward the Providence that made it possible, upon our reason and restraint, our righteousness, and our respect for him who breathed into it the breath of life. LINES FOLLOWING

AN INTERVIEW toward C. Wilkinson, "How Separate Should Government and God Be?"Published in Vital Speeches WITH THE BOSS

of the Day, March 15, 1963.

Mayflower Compact,2The signed at Cape Cod, November 1620. BY IRENE WARSAW Declaration of Independence.3The

*D&C 134:1.

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia / shot an error into the air.

Broadcasting System, September 20, 1964. Copyright 1964. It fell—and I just got told where.

IIOS THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

i A cracker box that won't make you mad!

(Filled with saltines that'll make you happy.)

i'SEEINSTRUCTIONS'OPN:tN'<&

ON TOP BfcNet NEW! CRISPLOCK TOP

f|r*tTP#

We couldn't improve our saltines if we tried, but look what we did to our box. No outer

wrapper to fool with. It's simple to open and close. Even relocks itself to keep all eight

(8) packs of saltines crisp and fresh. We figure our saltines deserve it. We figure you do,

too. Supreme 8-pack saltines. From the Kitchen Rich people. (Wouldn't you know it?)

Store it in any position.

Fabulous Pictures—Indoors or Out—In color or black and white

Perfect for Books of Remembrance and Family Albums

POLAROID "101"COLORPACK CAMERA

It's a small light weight camera that delivers a large ZVa"x

AVa"picture. Loading the film is as easy as opening the camera. You just drop it in the back of the camera. It's simple

to operate, too. A transistorized

electronic shutter does the calculating for you. In fact, the

is shutter so versatile it can mea95 light sure the of a flashbulb and set the correct exposure during the flash. It's also ideal for time

exposures. All the fun for less money! $99

Pay Nothing Down... Only $1.50 a Week!

MAIL COUPON TODAY the Polaroid 101 ColorPack Send me

I will priced $99.95. sale at only Camera

pay on easy terms. Come in.

Name Phone or Wife's Name Address Order by City & State Mail!

Employed by Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center St.

Credit Reference j Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

DECEMBER 1964 1109

The Church Moves On Orchestra directed by Maurice Abravanel. The elevenminute work is

divided into four aspects of the Presi- ( Continued from page 1022 dent's life: (1) The Mantle of a

Prophet, (2) The Landsman of Huntsville, (3) The Poet of Human r,.| Republican presidential candiCharity, (4) The Seer of Human

date Barry Goldwater visited Triumph. The entire symphony prowith President and Mrs. David O. gram was "piped"live into the PresiMcKay at their Hotel Utah apartdent's Hotel Utah apartment through

ment. Later in the evening Mr. Goldthe facilities of KSL Television. Presiwater was the featured speaker at a dent McKay has received both the

GIVE YOUR political meeting in the Salt Lake original score of the music and the

FAMILY BETTER Tabernacle. baton used in its presentation.

HEALTH THIS "Portrait of a Great Leader,"a Approximately 7,000 filled the tone poem by Dr. Crawford convention hall in Las Vegas,

HOLIDAY Gates of BYU, which was commisNevada, to near capacity to hear the

SEASON sioned by Joseph Rosenblatt, Utah one performance given by the Salt industrialist, and dedicated to PresiLake Tabernacle Choir. The concert

dent David O. McKay, was given its was sponsored by the Nevada State

premiere performance in the TabCentennial Commission and the

On the next festive occasion let your family enjoy rolls, buns, bread, cookies, and pastries made ernacle by the Utah Symphony Clark County Centennial Committee.

with whole wheat flour. Better to eatj and better

for them. You'll know it's good because you

made it. Let your family be the judge and jury.

Write for details on four Models Lee Household

Mills so your family can enjoy home made whole wheat bakery, rich in B complex vitamins.

Special Whole Wheat Flour Offer 5 Lbs. Deaf Smith Flour $1.50

5 Lbs. Wisconsin Minnesota Flour 1.00 "DONT SAY IT DONT DO IT

LEE ENGINEERING CO.

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 53201

RICHARD L. EVANS

MUSIC FOR printedThis tersein theadvicepaper,is currentdon't do init."newspaperTo this mightparlance:be added:"If youIf youdon'tdon'twantwantit

SINGING MOTHERS itit repeated,printed, don'tdon't saysay it.it. AndIf youwe don'tmightwantadd also:to beIfquoted,you don'tif youwantdon'tit on wantyour

How Do I Love Thee.20 conscience, don't do it. If you don't want it in your life, don't do it. We still

23rd Psalm - Schubert.25 live in a world of causes and consequences. Our record is with us. And a per-

O Saviour of the World.25 sonal commitment, a personal act, what we say or do is something from

Eternal Life 25 which we cannot be separated. There are perhaps some situations in which

God of All Nature 30 there can be substitutes and standins, and some shifting of responsibility,

Go Ye Forth With My Word 25 but not before the law and not within our own selves. The whole intent of

Abide With Me 20 legal procedure is to determine who said what, who did what, and what was

Onward Christian Soldiers.....30 intended, and the law has failed if it puts responsibility on the wrong person.

Bridge Builder 20 Who did what and who said what are a basic part of personal responsibility.

Lord Bless Thee and Keep And this is true constructively also. There is a credit within us for the good

Thee 20 we do, for what we learn, for what we know, for what we do or can accomIn His Steps..'25 plish. And even though others may mistakenly receive credit for some things

Hear My Prayer 25 that we were entitled to, we know what we have done; the Lord God knows

Be Ye Strong.25 it; and in the great accounting for all men's acts and utterances, when the

Gospel Gives Unbounded books are opened, there is no doubt they will be balanced. Life's record

Strength. 30 and total effect will be a simple adding up. This would surely suggest to

In My Father's House Are all of us that we don't clutter up our lives with what would embarrass and

Many Mansions destroy peace or needlessly cause problems. Even if there is seemingly a

Solo 60 successful deception, even if the wrong person is given the credit or the

SATB 25 blame, yet there is an inner record and a higher awareness, and it is simplest,

SSA Not Published smartest, wisest, most rewarding not to clutter life with what we shouldn't say or shouldn't do, nor lose our inner peace nor create needless problems,

Music Sent on Approval but live so as to be at peace with ourselves, with others, and comfortable

Write for Our Choral Catalog with conscience. If you don't want it printed or repeated or to become part

For All Your Musical Needs Write of your record of your life, don't do it, don't say it.

Spoken "The Word"Square, from Temple presented over KSL and the Columbia GJrefJsc Broadcasting System, September 27, 1964. 1964. Copyright Music Co. W327 Broadway

Idaho Falls, Idaho

If io THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

These Times

( Continued from page 1026

currently noticeable. Watch the reaction to a whistlecall unfavorable

to the home team at the next basketball game you attend in the high school or college gym. Note the convinced selfrighteous in the stands

who will rise to their feet and yell unkind sentiments at the referee for doing his job. This is not referring

to goodhumored, even critical protest, but to what on a few occasions in the heat of the contest goes completely beyond the realm of fair play and good sportsmanship. On occaHow can Bigelow carpet help your church?

sion hot anger seems to possess us.

The sober and calm sense of inAsk your architect. He can tell you that day's new Mormon church buildings.

justice, a civilized sentiment, somefine carpet, like Bigelow, absorbs noise And loomed with 100% continuous filato create of serenity. pile, an atmosphere ment will nylon Cordridge givetimes to appears threatened. be he can years carpet demonstrate of And how and years wear.

give,"has to "Something say. The we actually saves a There's on maintenance and to carpet Bigelow

home crowd rarely gives. Rather, cleaning costs. every church, public building, home.suit

the referees, perhaps in a hidden Finally, no one need tell you what Bigelow has or can customcreate the sense, "give."The game goes on. carpet can do for appearance. The disperfect carpet. We've done it since 1825.

The crowd, at least many, are in a tinctive tree bark texture of Cordridge frenzy, except for the older profes- (above), in any of its 16 colors, is esRUGS & CARPETS sors who sit calmly making mental pecially adaptable to the decor of toBigelow SINCE 1825 notes on humanity. Then the referee

blows the whistle at first opportunity, on the other side. He keeps the

gymnasium from capsizing. What if Preserve the Inspiration of

the referees became as inflexible and "just"as the partisans in the stand? In nearly all the exhortations to The Improvement E

youth, the talks heard at many service clubs, the political speeches, and In Beautifully Bound Volumes even many sermons, the major appeal in recent times appears to be to the "hardcore,"fiercer, combative The Mountain West's finest bindery and instincts. The gospel of love is little printing house is prepared to bind your

heard. Praise for the gentler virtues, collected Improvement Era's into fine

for kindness, tolerance, longsuffer- hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

ing, patience, brotherly regard, is editions you wish bound to the Deseret too seldom heard. "The word of News Press.

wisdom of the spirit,"as one thought12 issues $3.90. cover in hard Advance it,ful called escapes us: man

all payment must orders accompany"... faith, charity, hope, love, and Please include postage if volumes are single towith eye the glory an of to be returned mail. by

qualify forGod, the work. him

"Remember faith, virtue, knowlPOSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH edge, temperance, patience, brothZone 5 1.05

erly kindness, godliness, charity, 1 & 2 65 6....1.20

humility, diligence."(D&C 4:5-6.) 3 75 7....1.40

Is love the forgotten principle? 4 85 8 1.60

Can it be remembered at Christmas in these times? Love beyond self, =S

beyond one's own kind—this may be

our greatest test—'the test of testimony, true and firm, of the gospel of

Jesus Christ.

1600 Empire Road—33 Richards Street

Salt Lake City, Utah

DECEMBER 1964 1111

JVinnifred'fordine Eight Pounds of Love Foremast in\ the ( Continued from page 1031 Field of Foods

Winnifred Jdrdine makes hosts Working quickly as if to get rid of the choking leaden weight that of hungry Mountain Westerners settled in her chest, Alta finished the happy. Her daily recipe pat of butter and gazed at it speculatively for a moment. She had saved,

in the Deseret News gives mother oh, so carefully, but the yellow new ideas on cookery. mound of butter seemed so pitifully

small. That was all there was to proMrs. Jardine, herself a western vide Christmas for nine eager, trusthomemaker, has won numerous ing children.

The jingle of the sleigh bells by awards for excellence. the house came as a welcome relief.

Read "Food Is Fun"in your Quickly Alta slipped on her coat and hat as her oldest boy called cheerDeseret News. fully, "All ready, Mom?"He was

fifteen now, always cheerful, kind, and understanding. He was a great

comfort to her.

"Yes, son, ready,"Alta replied,DESERET NEWSi buckling on her boots. "Would you

bring the pat of butter there on the cupboard?"

! THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S /NEW Theone followed her out to the

sleigh, placed the butter carefully in the sleigh box, and helped his mother up into the seat. "Sure you don't

want me to go to town with you?"he

asked teasingly.

"No—no, I'll try to manage."Alta

replied. "You watch things, and I'll

be back as soon as I can."

Enjoy the Convenience of a Downtown Location "You bet I will. Say, now, you

wouldn't have a little shopping or

JUST STEPS TO THE BUSINESS, ENTERTAINMENT something to do, would you?"A big

AND SHOPPING DISTRICT - SAVING YOU TIME smileAltalitpickedup hisupface.the reins, gazed at

AND TRAFFIC. RELAX IN THE COMFORT OF ATTheone for a moment, and without

TRACTIVE SURROUNDINGS. 330 LUXURIOUS answering started the horses down

ROOMS AND RESTAURANT. FOR RESERVATIONS the road. They needed little urging

TELEPHONE 3636781 (801). as they swung out into a steady trot.

The clipclop of their hooves, the of sleigh the bells, sound MAIN STREET AT FIFTH SOUTH familiar of sliding the and the sound runners

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH on the cold hardpacked snow was familiar music that Alta had always loved.

Today the music was not the happy tune it had always been. The

same thoughts kept crowding all else out of her mind. How could that one COMBUS mold of butter go to make Christmas NEW AMERICA MOTEL for nine children who so depended

on her, never doubting, it seemed, that tomorrow wouldn't be just like all the other wonderful Christmases

YOU CAN RENT IT! LittleGas WaterGiantHeaterHoiomaticNo. 3 they had known?

Will supply all the hot water "Oh, Ernest, Ernest!"she whisneeded Baptistries, for Church pered. can I "What do? How can Kitchens, Rest Heats Rooms. RENTS HOWE 20 rise in GPH, temperathere Christmas be tomorrow?"

for free Write folders on SALES RENTALS 450ture. AND

heaters. water Fiberglass Baptistries, spires.I

Salt Lake City LITTLE CO. MFG. GIANT2375 South State 4860055 Street, 7th 907 Orange, Texas

1112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In town a cheerful "Merry Christmas, Sister Green"brought a wave and a forced smile from Alta. The

horses turned automatically into the first open space along the hitching rail.

Inside the store, holding her precious butter firmly, Alta moved carefully along the outside aisle. Mr.

Stone had done his best to give his store a yuletide glow with some stars, a large cardboard Santa, and a few strings of tinsel.

It seemed as if everyone in the valley must be there. Gay, happy

greetings were passed back and forth from one family to another.

Alta watched the couple at the counter checking over the gifts they had laid before them. The glow of

love and companionship lit their faces as they watched each present being checked off, already enjoying the pleasure of giving and tasting the happiness it would bring.

The desperate sense of loneliness and inadequacy returned. She turned

quickly and hurried back to the meat counter to find Mr. Stone. He was

there busily waiting on each customer in turn, inquiring as to their good health and wishing each a Merry The shapely beauty of the USS ENTER- a wide range of strength and toughness.

Christmas. As Alta stepped up to the PRISE masks her true character. She's These properties, tailored to the indicounter, he seemed to have an especitough and in a scrap she can protect vidual protective application requirement,

ally jovial "Merry Christmas"for herself. Her hull contains thousands of combined with the inherent fabricability

her, taking the mold of butter and tons of USS Armor Plate SteelSTS in and weldability of USS Armor Plate Steels, her and decks bulkheads and HY80 steel the natural in make choice for naval it scales.laying needle the The on

her in and sponsons torher deep vessels, down the and economical and sound...... six seven down,moved protection pedo steels, system. for These choice vehicles. armored

just short finally settledwaved, and S. of U. Steel's born long to service the

of eight pounds. Silently he added Navy and understanding of its needs, give STS and HY80 are only two of the many

the eight pounds at 25 cents a pound the ENTERPRISE much of her physical specialpurpose USS Steels that end up in—$2.00. He, as everyone in the valley, toughness. Her moral toughness is an countless applications contributing to

was aware of Alta's struggle. It's American heritage. security, convenience and comfort. AmerChristmas, he thought. Two dollars Tough, dependable USS Armor Plate ica grows with steeland U. S. Steel is

won't go far to make Christmas for Steels like STS and HY80 are available in first in steel.

nine children. I could give a little exshook then he mentallytra. But

noted the firm chinhead as he come his &> MAXIMUM STRENGTH. TOUGHNESS, RELIABILITY United States Steel (u3)

up and the level gaze which matched his own. No, no charity. She wouldn't TRADEMARK

want it that way. Instead he commented, "A fine pat of butter, Sister

Green. Let's see, that's $2.00,"and he 11 ti

added softly as he placed the moneyin her hand, "Merry Christmas, and BURNED OUT

God bless you, Alta."The mist REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

almost returned to her eyes as she thanked him and stepped aside so A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, the next customer could be waited on. with tremendous added expense before you find

For the next while Alta wandered another.

back and forth and up and down Let us explain your need for ample insurance each aisle. Dolls—there were several

from "$2.98 and up."Boys'toys—to cover today's higher values.

quite a few, but not when you were trying to divide nine into $2.00. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

DECEMBER 1964 1113.

Instamatic 100 BY KODAK Ai Loads automatically S& f -iii'n'iiTMil There, funny she hadn't noticed them Mr. Stone turned and smiled

NoBuiltSettingin Flash before—dolls'heads. A gay little fondly at his wife. "As usual you're

Price includes film, smile on each china face. Of course, right—so very right."

batteries bulbs, flash that was it. The bodies could be The sun had fallen behind the

Complete Outfit Only $13.50 sewn on tonight, and her three little western mountains and what little

girls would love them she knew. warmth it had given was quickly

Argus Holiday Still fifty cents left. Now the shiny gone. The team, sensing a warm stall

MOVIE PROJECTOR whistles she had noticed earlier. and a good feed of hay ahead of

Automatic Load Four of them at 10 cents each and them, strained against the tugs.

Zoom Forward Lens& Reverse still 10 cents left over for a little The fences, trees, and bridge 400'Capacity control candy to put in the bottom of the whipped by, bringing Alta to the Remote stockings. Something for everyone—moment she had dreaded. Night had

in sleigh except to as the for the older boys, Theone closed a came NOW $49.95 ONLY light Delbert. stop in yard. the the and from The

She hesitated, seeing again the coaloil lantern shining from the winAMERICAN MADE laughing faces of the boys. But the dows gave off a warm, soft light

BAIA Editor money was gone, and with the courwhich contrasted with the cold white 400'Capacity Large Screen age that had faced so many difficult moonlight that bathed the valley this

Always in Focus decisions these past months the purChristmas eve. Splicer included

Only $10.50 21.95 value chase had been made. Alta with her The door flew open and immedipitifully small package hurried out ately was filled with boys and girls

LAYTON'S CAMERA & SOUND the door to the waiting team and of assorted sizes. "Now, listen, chil1416 Broadway *Calif. residents sleigh. dren,"Alta heard herself saying, "all

Oakland, Calif. add 4% tax "Eight pounds of butter just of you back in the house. Mother

Please send me item # Q doesn't go very far, does it, dear?"will be in in a minute. Theone and

I enclose check O. or M. Delbert, Mr. Mrs. Stone paused in and had you take care of the team,

Please send with than "lower me catalog left. if their as Alta work had you will."prices,discount"obligation with no Q "No,"was her reply, "but that was The door closed again, and Theone

NAME more—that was eight pounds of love, and Delbert raced to the sleigh.

ADDRESS devotion, and sacrifice. It goes a long Alta slid off the seat and handed the

CITY ZONE. STATE. way."reins to Theone. Her hand came to

NEW YEAR'S EVE

BY ROWENA CHENEY

A new year waits—another span

Of days from God's eternity:

Special for.. A treasure trove of precious hours

He gives to you.., to me...

While joyous shouts and bells and horns

Invitations, Napkins,Reception jrty*lt etc., featuringAlbums, L.D.S. /fl [ 'I 'B WeCreateoffera boisterous,this our ferventcheerfulprayer,din, (Conventional designs.temple

styles 100 for $5.95.) Write As the year is ushered in.

for FREE catalog and samples.

REXCRAFT Rexburg, Idaho 83440 Dear Father, grant that we may find (Catalog sent airmail for 25c) The path to truth, to right and good;

Help us to meet the coming year

With bonds of brotherhood EVERY LIBRARY, WARD OR HOME, Should have bound copies of the Uniting us. And strong in faith,

ERA Let us press onward—go our way

Only $2.50 for a heavyduty high quality More thankful for and conscious of

binder. Indexes free with binders. Thy presence, day by day.

Order from The clocks strike twelve. We turn to thee

The Improvement Acknowledging thy grace, thy power;

We ask thy guidance through the year,

Henceforth, from this glad hour.

135 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

1114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rest on his shoulder. Now was the As she told them what she had ing for an answer followed Delbert

time, she told herself. "Boys, you done, Delbert broke in eagerly, "Can and the team out to the shed.

know how much your mother loves we help, Mother, can we?"Alta rose from her knees and

you, don't you?"She tried to look at "Yes, of course, I need your help, looked up to her beloved mountains

them, but their gaze averted her. Did both of you. Now run and take care and beyond to the winter sky pierced

they know already? Delbert dug diliof the team."with the cold brilliance of a myriad

gently in the snow with the toe of Theone gave her a parting hug, of stars, and beyond, far beyond, his boot. "You know, Mom, it's going to be "Yes,"she murmured, "everything is

"Boys, what I'm trying to tell you all right, isn't it?"and without waitgoing to be all right."

is that I did the best I could, but there wasn't enough. I'm sorry."

Alta turned and stumbled up the path, blinded by the tears that clouded her eyes—tears they must not SNOW REMEMBERED

see. Suddenly she felt two pairs of

mittened hands and padded arms go BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES around her. "Mother,"Theone cried

looking at her anxiously, "you know This is like snow I knew once as a child:

that's all right with us, but,"and the Crisp and light as a featherbed;

voice broke slightly, "we didn't get Shadowblue white} lacily beautiful, our skins sold, and we couldn't get Falling in abundance on my head.

you anything—anything at all."

"Oh, thank God—thank God for Deep and wide, catching me as I fell,

you boys!"The tears fell unashamed "Making my image,"as we said;

as Alta dropped to her knees in the Glistening as rarest jewels beneath me, snow hugging both boys to her As I slid on it in my dogpulled sled.

closely. "How proud of you Father

would be. How very proud."Then It fell and broke upon my lifted face,

as she smiled and held them back, Cooler than river water, undefiled.

her gaze shifted from one tear- I garner it now in my outstretched hands, streaked face to the other. As I did the snow I knew once as a child.

o* <ff 1/ $ 4 </ s**? time forwrr*3- * -V./

Hollywood Symphony Orchestra—Conducted by Crawford Gates

Orchestral Settings for

HOW GREAT THE WISDOM AND THE LOVE—AS THE DEW FROM HEAVEN DISTILLING—REDEEMER OF ISRAEL—ABIDE WITH ME—BEHOLD, 'TIS EVENTIDE—THE LORD IS MY SHEPHERD—SWEET IS THE WORK—I NEED

THEE EVERY HOUR—THOUGH DEEPENING TRIALS - NOW THE DAY IS OVER

mail coupon today! stereo

INC. CO., CONTINENTAL RECORD

"Mor.cn"sacred UTAH P. O. BOX 63—PROVO, of lesrrsC,only m chora hymns"* d0r. Heretofore, U The

primarily Gentlemen: nave of tnese "f beauty"*??*,* and mth Wa NeWS in which Settings record(s) of Iner Orchestra Please send manner me MuslC edrtor. the

I will per for Beloved $3.98 Hymns. pay Mormon theyarej here.npresented.

handling. stereo) plus 42c postage and record ($4.98

Amount enclosed $ Crawford Gates conducts the Hollywood

Symphony Orchestra composed of major Name

Hollywood movie studio musicians in an unforgetable presentation of Address sacred Mormon hymns.

City State Zip

DECEMBER 1964 1115 Photographs on these two pages feature the J. R. and

Dawna Nielsen family of the Reams 15th Ward of the

Reams (Utah) Stake enjoying home evening activities.

The children are: Harvey, 15; Lorin, 13; Mark, 11; Denise,

10; and Jay, 8.

Nineteen hundred sixtyfive will be a year long remembered. During its twelve months the members of

the Church will receive instruction and help in family Family Night living, family unity, family faith, and hope.

Programs Back of this great effort stands the priesthood of the

Church, many members of which are fathers of the families which are to be the chief benefactors.

What Is to Be Done

The basis of the program is the weekly family home evening, during which parents will teach their children the principles of the gospel. To help them they will be

supplied with a series of lesson and instruction helps.

The home teachers are the agents by whom this helpful material will be delivered to the parents. These

helps are not to be the sole program for the home evening. There is to be social enjoyment as well.

For the home teachers there will be a series of twelve suggestions, one for each month, to guide them in assisting the family home night program where needed.

So that parents will be supplied with material and information on how to proceed, there will be two courses for them. Fathers will receive training and help

each Sunday morning at the weekly ward priesthood meeting, and mothers will receive special help from the Relief Society visiting teachers each month.

Introduction of the Program Review of Steps to Be Taken

During December it is expected that the stake presi- 1. The stake president and his assistants instruct

dency will introduce and explain the program to the the priesthood leadership in the use of the program stake priesthood leadership. This can best be done at at a stake priesthood leadership meeting.

a stake priesthood leadership meeting. 2. The bishop instructs the ward council and asks

As soon as possible following this explanatory meetthe priesthood representatives to explain the program ing, the bishop is to explain the program and proceto the quorum members.

dures to his ward council. In their turn the priesthood 3. The bishop with the help of the priesthood

leaders in the council will be expected to introduce leaders of the ward holds special training session for and explain the program to the quorum members of all ward members who act as heads of families. At

the various quorums. this meeting a filmstrip is to be shown illustrating

methods of conducting and holding weekly family

Action home meetings.

4. The home teachers deliver the manuals containNow the bishop and the priesthood leaders in the ing the lessons to be taught by the head of the family.

ward will plan for the immediate future a special trainThey will discuss the first few pages of instruction ing session for all heads of families in the ward. Those with the father and mother.

attending will receive special instruction by means of 5. During their monthly calls, the home teachers

a filmstrip presentation pertaining to their duties in will have a series of twelve suggested instruction and teaching and living the gospel in their homes. At this check sheets to guide them in being helpful to the

meeting heads of families will be asked to hold a families in the new program.

family home evening program each week in their 6. Each month the Relief Society visiting teachers

homes. They will be told that the home teachers will will provide lesson material for mothers and discuss it

bring to them the instruction manuals outlining lessons with them as they visit. This material will guide mothand activities for each week. ers in knowing what to do to cooperate with their

Each of these manuals will contain orientation mahusbands in the program of teaching the gospel, and terial in its first few pages. Home teachers should to help them plan and conduct home evenings with

review these pages with the parents and therefore must the children.

be familiar with them before visiting the family.

<M@MM)M))@ (9J&J&)(Ms>) BISHOPRICS ooooooooooooooooooooo

(Si Ha u

JOHNBY PRESIDINGH. VANDENBERGBISHOP

Some years ago while living in Denver, we sent our From my experience, there seem to be some who two daughters to Brigham Young University. On ocspend their time trying to avoid work. I hope there

casion, they together with a few other students would are none of you who would take the attitude of a girl come to Denver to witness football and basketball who arrived at 10:30 am, late for work. As she entered

games between Brigham Young University and Denthe office, the boss said, "You should have been here ver University. During these quick visits at home, it at 9 am."

seemed as though I had the job of entertaining the "Why?"she asked. "What happened?"

men students in the party. Like a good father, I did If I were you, I would develop an eagerness to as-

a little interviewing and soon discovered that most sume difficult problems with a pleasant, positive of these young men were intensely interested in bedisposition. Energize yourself to be a selfstarter. Do

coming successful in life. Our conversations, of course, not be like the old Model T Ford which could only be

were directed to material success, and I usually restarted with a crank. People sometimes become caresponded by having them indicate whether they inless and require cranking to get started. Obviously,

tended to work for someone else, and if so, I gave them such persons do not become leaders.

this homemade recipe: Charles M. Schwab in his book entitled Succeeding

"(1) Choose your field, one in which you are interwith What You Have said, "Most talk about 'superested and will be happy, because you are going to geniuses'is nonsense. I have found that when 'stars'

spend in it a good deal of your lifetime. drop out, successors are usually at hand to fill their

"(2) Prepare yourself by learning the technicalities places, and the successors are merely men who have in that chosen field. learned by application and selfdiscipline to get full

"(3) Then go to work—assist that person for whom production from an average, normal brain.

you work so well that he just cannot get along without "To my mind, the best investment a young man startyou. Learn more about the business than your boss. ing out in business can possibly make is to give all his

Be willing to give of yourself. Sometimes people learn time, all his energies, to work—just plain, hard work.

a lot about a business, but their attitude is warped and "The man who fails to give fair service during hours sour; they are afraid to give of themselves. Now if you for which he is paid is dishonest. The man who is not

learn the business, and the person you assist just canwilling to give more than this is foolish."(Pp. 8-11.)

not get along without you, he will pay you well. In A prominent Utah educator was asked what a young

other words, if you want to be well paid, you must man needs most to succeed. He replied without hesifirst render the service. Become, so to speak, indispentation: "(1) To possess a strong testimony of the

sable to the persons for whom you work."gospel of Jesus Christ. (2) To be honest, pure, clean,

1118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JOHN H. VANDENBERG. The young men of the Church are one of Bishop John H.

Vandenberg's most vital concerns because as Presiding Bishop of the Church he presides over the entire Aaronic Priesthood.

Bishop Vandenberg is the ninth Presiding Bishop since the Church was organized. He is a member of the church expenditures committee, the general priesthood

committee, and the church welfare committee.

Since 1955 he has been deeply involved with the church building program, having served as vicechairman of the building committee on finances.

When he was called as Presiding Bishop, he was serving as second counselor in the Ensign Stake presidency in Salt Lake City. Bishop Vandenberg has also been

first counselor in the Denver Stake presidency and a stake mission president. He

served a mission to the Netherlands from 1925 to 1928.

In Denver, Colorado, he was engaged jn merchandising wool and livestock, textiJe manufacturing, and ranching.

He and his wife have two married daughters.

and energetic. (3) To have a good bank account."The Guardian answered, "Who is there?"

(The Improvement Era, Vol. 12, p. 870.) "Alexander."

History is filled with the biographies of men who "And who is Alexander?"

have been successful, men who struggled through A surprised pause—then, "Alexander the Great, conpoverty-ridden circumstances and died as paupers, yet queror of the world."

they were successful because they left the world in- "Here we know him not,"came the answer. "This

finitely richer than they found it. The successful life is the Lord's gate, through which only the righteous

is the life that renders service to others. may enter."

This can be illustrated in the life of John Kepler, Frustrated and penitent, Alexander begged for a one of the world's most successful men. Confronted token to prove that he had come so far. He was thrown

with myriads of obstacles during his lifetime, at the a small piece of a human skull, with the admonition, age of fiftynine he was buried in threadbare clothes "Weigh it."He brought it to the wise men of his kingin a cheap coffin. From a material viewpoint some may dom and bade them make ready a pair of scales. In one

say he was a failure. Yet he contributed much to manpan he set the bone; on the other he heaped silver and

kind. He stuck to his tasks in spite of chronic illness. gold. The bone outweighed the metal. He added more

He prepared accurate tables of a thousand stars by silver and gold and precious stones, even his own which mariners navigated safely for centuries. He discrown jewels. It was useless.

covered the use of two convex lenses and measuring Then one of the wise men sprinkled a few grains wires that gave the basis for modern astronomical of dust on the bone. It flew up immediately, upsetting

telescopes. He discovered the three laws of motion of Alexander's treasures. They examined the bone more

the planets and made great advancements in mathecarefully. It was the one that surrounds the eye.

matics. Alexander understood. "Nothing will ever satisfy

The average person appears to have little knowledge the human eye,"he said, "until it is covered by the of the course of true success. Throughout one's life, dust of the grave."( Louis Binstock, The Road to Sucthere seems to be a constant fear of failure. Such fear cessful Living, p. 25. Used by permission.)

sometimes prompts men to compromise their principles, And so my young friends, if I were you, I would to perform foolish and dishonest acts, to forget God. desire and reach for success, but, above all, I would

Alexander the Great, so goes the legend, at the temper my life with a proper spiritual attitude.

height of his meteoric career and with no earthly I would study the lives of truly great men and parworlds left to conquer, finally stormed the gates of take of their wisdom, the greatest of which is Jesus, heaven. He rapped imperiously. the Son of God.

DECEMBER 1964 1119 If grownups do all these things, Christmas will be merry for them and happy for every little child they touch. The holiday spirit

will extend around the world and truly there will be peace on earth. Such a small, simple recipe! The ingredients can be

found on anyone's hearth. The magic of it all is that it takes just

one person—you—to stir up peace in your own heart. The world

is made up of millions of people. If each one could forget himself, his greed for power and possessions, and think of others it

would be heaven on earth—a truly great Christmas.

Down through time the idea that Christmas is for children has grown and grown. It is a time to see young eyes glow, small innocent faces happy, and childish voices ringing with joy, but this

is all caused by the grownups around children giving and giving and giving. The spirit of Christmas is sharing, and it is the adults

who really live Christmas. It is good, at least once a year, to be

given the time, the desire, and the challenge to do and be what is skipped over too often the rest of the year—time to live His

teachings.

A child cannot be taught too young to think of others and to be willing to share. One mother and father I know on Christmas

morning have each of their children choose one of his toys, preferably one that he dearly loves, and take it to some child in need. At first the children held back, but now that they have

felt the joy of giving, or doing something for someone else, there is no hesitation, and it is the high point of Christmas day. There

is only one way to teach sharing, and that is by actually sharing.

Christmas isn't just tinsel and ribbons, that is, it isn't unless you have made it so in your home. Christmas is the spirit of giving

without a thought of getting. It is happiness because you see joy

in your neighbor. It is forgetting self and finding time for

others. It is a leisurely schedule because you have simplified your

needs and desires. It is discarding the meaningless and stressing

Christmas is for grownups; it is a time to: true values. It is time spent with each member of your family.

SEE with the eyes of a child, It Haveis peaceat becauseleast oneyougrownuphave foundpartypeacein yourin Hishometeachings.this holiday

HEAR every joyous sound, season. It is all very well to turn your home over to the children,

SPEAK with words of love, herand eightperhapschildrenit is good,have onelike partyone motherduring Itheknow,two weekswho letof eachChristof

TASTE the essence of myrrh mas, but you, too, can give cheer and happiness to your friends

TOUCH the hearts of others, bydinner,holdingor aa luncheon,party for themor maybethis Christmasyou will opentime.yourIt couldheart beanda

SMELL the pinescented halls, give an open house for all your neighbors and friends. WhatGIVE with both hands open, ever it is, make it the best you can. I don't mean spend more

than you can afford for food and decorations. I mean put your

RECEIVE with eyes aglow, heart in it. If you just serve chili, make it the best chili anyone

BUILD on old traditions, present has ever tasted, served in the cleverest, most attractive way possible. Give thought and time and love to this party.

FILL the minutes with laughter, How long has it been since you called a few friends and said,

LIVE each day the golden rule, "Come over tomorrow night for dessert"? It's been too long, so

HUM sweetly, "Silent Night,"tryfewoneveryof specialthese fabulouspeople todessertsenjoy itthiswithholidayyou. season and ask in a

and This raspberry ice cream has traveled to us from California.

SING lustily, It is so easy to put together, and it can be made a day ahead of serving. You'll revel in its rich unsurpassed smoothness and won't

"Peace on earth, goodwill toward men."even count the calories. The color is just right for the Christmas

Bishop Orson M. Richins of the 21st Ward, Emigration

1120 (Salt Lake City) Stake.

season. As an added thought, serve Brownie drops

with it.

Alicebeth's Raspberry Ice Cream (Serves 8.)

1 cup sugar 3 egg whites 1 package frozen raspberries, partially drained

Whip egg whites until they stand in peaks. Slowly

add sugar, beating constantly. Add raspberries and

whip to the consistency of thick whipped cream.

Fold in carefully:

% pint of whipping cream, whipped 1 tablespoon lemon juice Pinch of salt Freeze without stirring in shallow refrigerator trays.

Chocolate is always intriguing, especially if it comes in a light fluffy cloud. That describes this next memorable dessert.

Margaret's Chocolate Cloud TODAYS FAMILY. 1 package Famous Chocolate Wafers, crumbed

% cup butter 1 cup milk FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, 1 cup chopped nuts 1 pound marshmallows

EDITOR (Continued on following page)

A TOTAL ELECTRIC know that everyone enjoys dipping

Christmas Is for Grownups a carrot or celery stick or chips into

GOLD ( Continued from preceding page ) punch.a savoryHeremixture,are somethen favorites.sipping a

Ham Spread MEDALLION 1 pint whipping cream, whipped 1 teaspoon vanilla Blend 1 4/2-ounce can deviled ham with 1 cup cottage cheese and season with % teaspoon dill seed, )i HOME Mix together the wafer crumbs, butter, and chopped nuts, and spread teaspoon basil, and % teaspoon garhalf of it in a 8 x 12 x 2 pan. Melt lic salt. Blend unto smooth. Chill

marshmallows in top of a double and serve.

boiler with milk. Chill. Fold in

whipped cream and vanilla. Pour Tuna Dip

over the crumbs in the pan and cover with remaining crumbs. Store 1 cup cream style cottage cheese

in the refrigerator. Do not freeze. % cup thick sour cream

May be made the day ahead of serv- 1 7-ounce can drained and flaked ing. Serves 10 to 12. tuna

2 tablespoons sweet relish Many people, when they dream of 1 tablespoon lemon juice

A wonderful new dessert, find it always comes out pie.

steak sauce Dash of this Nesselrode with way to live Experiment all ingredients in blender unchiffon pie this Christmas time. You Blend

will not be disappointed in the retil thoroughly mixed. Chill in refrig-

W. sults. erator before serving.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Santas Nesselrode Pie Holiday Dip

vy BftMt from your dealmr 1 envelope unflavored gelatin 1 8-ounce package cream cheese % cup sugar 3 large ripe avocados, peeled

Dash of salt 2 tablespoons dehydrated onion 3 eggs, separated 1 tablespoon lemon juice

IK cups milk )i teaspoon sugar 1 cup whipping cream, whipped J2 teaspoon white pepper 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 teaspoon almond or rum flavorCombine all ingredients with ing blender. Chill before serving.

2 tablespoons chopped maraschino cherries Sunny Dip 1 9-inch baked pie shell 1 small chocolate almond bar 1 6-ounce package cream cheese 2 tablespoons mayonnaise Mix gelatin, and % cup sugar, and 3 hardcooked eggs, sieved salt thoroughly in top of double Salt and pepper to taste boiler. Beat egg yolks until thick 1 teaspoon prepared mustard

and yellow; add milk. Add to the M teaspoon Worcestershire sauce

VACUUM PACKED gelatin mixture. Cook over boiling 2 tablespoons milk, approximately

PEANUT BRITTLE water, stirring constantly until gelSoften until cheese cream atin is dissolved, and beat 5 minutes. about

Stir inin in resmooth and fluffy. other from heat and cool 100% PROFIT Remove NO INVESTMENT frigerator, stirring occasionally, until gredients, adding only enough milk

$60.00 time every 10 members of your CASH

sell group each 12 cans of Peamixture mounds when dropped from to give good dipping consistency. OldFashioned

nut Brittle at $1.00 per can. spoon. Beat egg whites until stiff. Chill and serve.

size quart cost cans PROFIT! your 100% in Beat remaining % cup sugar. only 50c group for $1.00! Theeach—sell

lc! Order 120 INVESTMENT! NOT EVEN NO in the Fold cream, flaTo suit any taste, try rosy conwhipped

1200 to today. cans Take up days to 30 to send

payment. Give your name, title, phone number voring, chilled gelatin mixture, and somme, hot cranberry punch, or

address, complete the and address, name, etc. cherries. Turn into a baked pie shell luscious eggnog.

officer, of 2nd group, quantity name of of each desired, and nearest Freight Office (no parcel and top with shaved chocolate bar.

post). Extras

east of Rockies. sent OFFERFREE toOPENcover TOshippingGROUPScost Chill in refrigerator until firm. Rosy Consomme

ONLY! WRITE TODAY!

A simple way to entertain is to dip 1 46ounce can tomato juice

VERNE COLLIER andthe oldsip. customPerhapsofthisdunkinggoes backdoughto 21 canscan waterconsomme

nuts—I really don't know. But I do M teaspoon nutmeg

Dept. 5-13 900 North 19th Street | BIR/VBIRMINGHAM 3, JAJP1122 ALABAMA1 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

What's so special about Christmas this year?

You are...when you bake them a Christmas

stollen. What do you put into it? Well,.. time.

And love. And Fleischmann's Yeast.

What do you get out of it? Well...love. Smiles.

Even thanks. Fleischmann's.j ituFleischmann's-r*?'Fleischmann'5-

nemW JsL.... v Yeast

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS

Dissolve Fleischmann's Yeast in warm water. Firmly press folded edges only. Place on

CHRISTMAS STOLLEN Add sugar, salt, eggs, egg yolk, Vz cup greased baking sheets. Brush with slightly

1 package Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast softened margarine, half the flour. Beat beaten egg white mixed with 1 tablespoon

place until draftfree in rise water. Let warm or by mixer on speed (105115F.) at medium 10 min. water warm 3/4 cup

1 hour. in bulk, about doubled bowl often. of sides bottom and Scrape salt 3 eggs hand. teaspoon Vz sugar Yz cup

for (375F.) 20 aside) oven in white (set moderate the yolk 1 Bake egg fruits, flour, in almonds, of rest Blend

frost cool until done. or When minutes, Margarine draftFleischmann's stick) (1 rise let Yz in warm cup peel. Cover; lemon

If desired, frosting. sugar confectioners'with hours. IY2 about FlourorWondra until Medal Gold doubled, unsifted place free cups 3V2

Blanched Planters Raw with whole decorate strokes. beating 25 batter by Stir Almonds down Blanched Planters choppedYz cup cherries. candied and citron Almonds, overnight. refrigerate tightly; Cover citron chopped V4 cup Stollens. Christmas beautiful 2 Makes

cherries Yacandied chopped in cup divide dough floured well board On

Y4 cup raisins 1 tbsp. grated lemon peel half. Press each half into a 10 x 7-inch oval. FREE festive baking booklet inside specially

2 tablespoons Fleischmann's Margarine Spread ovals with 2 tablespoons softened marked sacks of Gold Medal Flour. You'll find

1 tbsp. water confectioners'sugar frosting margarine. Fold each in two longways. this and lots more exciting new recipes.

DECEMBER 1964 1123 * BOOK OF MORMON LAND TOURS Faith Building Conducted by Murdock Specialist Jose Davila.

Jan. 16. 1965 and Mar. 6, 1965. * 16 Exciting Days M teaspoon each cloves and allspice

PERSONALLYCONDUCTED among such ruins as the Jaredite Pyramids, Izapa, 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce the Mayan Ruins of Tikal, and famous Chichen Itza. Salt and pepper to taste

* All expenses paid! Quality travel and accomodations!

Congenial company! Combine all ingredients and heat

just boiling. immediately Serve to

'THE HOLY LAND TOURS TOURS floating in slice of a thin with lemon

April 8, 1965 and October 8, 1965. * 20 days of worry free each cup. About 14 servings.

THE HOLY LAND AND travel including such places as Istanbul, Damascus, Tyre.

Sidon, Cairo, Jericho, Jerusalem, Athens. and BOOK OF MORMON LANDS Ruby Punch

* Amazingly carriers! low cost travel quality on top

1 tablespoon whole cloves Send for full particulars now: 1 tablespoon whole allspice

Murdock Travel, Inc., 14 South Main Street 6 pieces stick cinnamon, broken

Salt Lake City—Phone: 3283161 /2 cup brown sugar

4 cups water Dash of salt 6 cups unsweetened pineapple juice 2 1-pound cans jellied cranberry sauce Red food coloring

Tie cloves and allspice in a small piece of cheesecloth. Combine the

spice bag, cinnamon pieces, brown sugar, 1 cup of water, and salt, and boil. juice to pineapple bring Add Study other water. Crush 3 cups of and the

cranberry sauce and add. Bring to a

IT* Together boil again and simmer for a few at Home redminutes.coloringRemoveto makethe itspices.attractive.Add

iiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiimiaii Add a few bits of butter and serve in mugs with cinnamon sticks as stirPlease send rers. Serves 16.

Free HOME STUDY Eggnog Catalog to... Yi4 teaspoontablespoonseachsugarallspice, ginger,

NAME. cinnamon, cloves

7 eggs ADDRESS. 8 cups cold orange juice

/3 cup cold lemon juice 1 quart vanilla ice cream CITY.... 1 quart chilled ginger ale

STATE.

HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University, Beat eggs until thick and golden.

Provo, Utah Stir in spices and orange and lemon juice. Place scoops of ice cream in

punch bowl. Carefully pour in ginger ale. Slowly stir in egg mixture.

PUZZLED ABOUT IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Sprinkle with nutmeg. Makes 24

simple of Canker, in treatment Aids punch cups. CHRISTMAS GIFTS? minor throat sore mouth and other

and throat irritations. After returning home from caroling

Nothing finer than a twelvetime- what would taste better than a bowl delithis of steaming soup? Have a-year gift. Give HALLS REMEDY of time. cious well food ready ahead

City. Salt Lake

The Improvement Christmas Soup

Hot Crab Puffs Rocky Road Candy Utahw The choice of soups is endless. Be

Only $3.00 creative by sprinkling a cup of

We send a beautiful gift card free

1124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wonder what toasted almonds and grated orange this recipe are spectacular. Please

rinds on hot condensed cream of don't miss making it for you and to serve or for the holiday soup,asparagus your friends. when you have ofgreen color serve condensed cream

garnished withpotato chopped soup Rocky Road Supreme friends in? ofchives. Equally is cream good

celery soup sparked with cooked 2 6-ounce packages chocolate chips spinach and a dash of sweet basil. /2 pound butter

4 cups sugar Hot Crab Puffs lM cups evaporated milk 20 large marshmallows 2 egg whites 2 cups nuts 1 cup dairy sour cream 10 to 15 large marshmallows cut 1 teaspoon grated onion or chopped into fourths.

chives 1 7-ounce can flaked crabmeat Place cut marshmallows on a tray Why not

Dash of Salt and freeze. In a large bowl cut the

butter into the chocolate chips. Set tryPostum?

Beat egg whites stiff. Fold in other aside. Bring to a boil sugar, evapingredients. Pile mixture on toast orated milk, and the 20 whole marshsquares. Sprinkle with paprika and mallows. Boil rapidly for 5 minutes,

grated cheese and broil 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Pour over chocountil puffy and lightly browned. late and butter. Stir until mixture

starts to thicken. Add nuts, vanilla

Now as a very special Christmas and frozen cut marshmallows. Pour

present let me give you the most into a buttered dish 8 x 12 x 2. Place

heavenly "Rocky Road"candy recipe in refrigerator to set. Cut into large

you have ever tasted. The results of squares to serve and enjoy. Instant

E V E R A G E

No Caffe/aF

INEXPENSIVE TOYS CHILDREN WILL LOVE

BY LEIGH HAYDEN Flavorful, hearty Postum

It is always time to think about buckets of sand from the beach or just naturally encourages toys for the children—toys that are the hills some day when you are on good talk among friends.

safe and suitable—toys that are wash- a picnic with the youngsters. The Made with pure,

able, sanitary, bright colored, and new sandbox may be laid on a piece energyfood ingredients simple for the babies—toys that may of canvas or oilcloth in the basement and no caffein,

be homemade and inexpensive. And or on a sheltered porch if the weather Postum gives you a natural lift.

don't think small children do not is not good. Put some small boxes, You can drink all you like.

a seive, things edges),appreciate simply cans because or (with smooth in If you haven't tried to nothing. of kitchen cost next spoons a couplethey have and

What do they know about cost or the sandbox, and you'll have a wonInstant Postum lately, money? Nothing! All they know derful present for the children. you're missing a satisfying,

when you give them something that A packing box for a counter might bracing drink.

keeps them busy and happy for long be the beginning of "a store."Shelves You'll enjoy its natural lift.

periods of time is that you love might be orange or apple boxes laid them. on their sides, one upon another. The Natural Lift

Don't throw away a discarded These boxes could be placed against Send name and address plastic wading pool because it has a wall in the basement, utility room, a few holes in it. Instead, turn it or garage. forfree Postum recipes to:

into a sandbox. Scoop up several All kinds of empty cans, opened Postum Recipes,

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

DECEMBER 1964 1125 with the wall type can opener which Since Cumorah leaves a smooth edge, may be placed upon the shelves. The cans may be

opened from the bottom thus mak- (Continued from page 1035) ing them look more realistic.

Empty cereal boxes, egg, salt, and cottage cheese cartons, soap boxes, nity on the Tigris. They were written

and cracker and cookie cartons may in Syriac, and now in Bodmer Papybe saved—also paper sacks of all rus No. XI we have the eleventh of

sizes. these Odes in Greek on paper at least

Small round pieces of cardboard

Feel so good on the feet! with jlc", "5c", "10c", "25c", "50c"three centuries older than our Syriac

These roundtoe, low wedge shoes are and "$1.00"printed on them with texts. The Psalms of Solomon, writbuilt on Joyce's famous spoonbill last to crayons may represent money. Let ten between 80 and 40 BC, are, of

the of shape natural to theconform foot. the youngsters the "money."make course, dewhile the usual Jewish, design. Cushiony toewigglingSaucy, They'll for of it need lots pleasure. Very a walking over has taken place making batesoles make the Odes

light, supple, soft. In black, bone glove change.

(100150 beHarris which AD), leathers, white washable beigeor medium cash add register would A toy sizes 4 to suede, blackpigskin lieved written were by one who 10, greatly to of the store the "realness"pr., post- $12.95 to B. a Onlywidths AAAor

paid. Calif, residents add 4% sales tax. and might be your only cash outlay "while not a Jew, was a member of

Here's How to Order for this unique toy. a community of Christians, who were

Mail check or money order to Joyce Pasteboard buildings—one buildfor the most part of Jewish extracDept. Valley Center, Mission Box, street, ing,Shoe or a town a whole may lived originally tion"probably and Moneyback California. Diego,24, San cartons. or large boxes from be made

guarantee. as at Pella refugees JudaeoChristian of roof house, the a cut make To

170 fall This, the of Jerusalem. from the about halfway at each box down

corner. Then cut two sides opposite before the Dead Sea Scrolls were

each other to a point at the top. known, brought the Odes and Psalms

The other two sides may be folded right into their orbit, and the disuntil they meet at the top of the points, where they may be fastened cussions of the Odes of Solomon of together with adhesive tape. Doors, fifty years ago with their talk of the

windows, and store fronts, etc., may Roman invaders, Jewish sectaries,

be drawn on the outside of the and flight into the desert read just

MINIATURE CLIMBING ROSES $2 buildings. Let your imagination like the scrolls'discussions of the

shrubboxes, run wild—add window enjoy Grow and AMERICA'S new EVERBLOOMpast decade. ING, CLIMBING MINIATURE smallThe ROSES. fence, bery, beds, a picket flower a

in est the world, rose these bushes are hardy scholars long insisted that Some to easy care and streets, tiny for. These roses furniture, are garage, no garden

bigger fingertip, than your each so bloom perroads, and anything else you may the Odes and the Psalms were a fectly Plants tall, formed. to 5'indoors grow up

or out, Send todayin colorsfor yourof pink,MINIATUREyellow, orCLIMBINGorange. think of. The more the merrier! single composition, while others

ea., for 3 little bush, or only $5. ROSE $2 To support thought, time, a and With Christian former the and claimed

climbers, your PLASTIC TRELLIS a TINY ingenuity toys provide you may 25c. for Send avail-... other FREE on BROCHURE inlatter for the Harnack and Jewish,

plants. able will give children that your them ORDER FROM: Jewish, both that they sisted were that hours. play happy And many M. DONALD OKANO that interpolations were with though Blvd., E-3, So. Dept. 1821 Harvard at expense! practically no

Gardena, Calif. very close to the Johannine writings. 171 This is interesting, because

CHI'S TOURS TRAVEL CHRISTMAS IS A LISTENING one of the first things noted about

AGENCY, INC. the Dead Sea Scrolls was how close

179 So. State Street BY HELEN FAULKNER they were to John. Battifol saw a

Salt Lake City, Utah Christmas is a listening, particularly close tiein between the

TOURS PLANNED FOR YOUI Christmas is a plan, Odes and a Coptic work called the

Europe Holy Land Pacific Christmas is a memory Pistis Sophia, the first part of which So. Orient

Mardi Gras Hawaii In the heart of man. "tells how Jesus spent twelve years

Alaska World's Fair and Pageant Tour Memories of Christmas ring after the resurrection teaching his

Around the World. Tones that once were dear, disciples the mysteries of the heavenCall or write for information Plans for Christmas carol friends ly 'places.'"172 This in turn is equally

3221205 Doivn the living year. close to the newly found Psalms of

Thomas (a Syriac work not to be to Listening sing Christmas The Trust Memorial of the with confused Gospel ThomFuneral Plan serviced and new, known diVoices funeral leading by diold as), contains a very which rectors throughout its Utah Every heart enfolds own the United and States listening, preexistence too. the ones, dactic on Loved hymn

Call or Write Memorial Trust, Inc.

1515 So. Main

4862089

1126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ONE FOLD AND ONE SHEPHERD

known as The Pearl. 173 The discovery dence (whether we accept it as by Thomas Stuart Ferguson

came with a distinct jolt that one of scripture or not) that the early ChrisAn exciting accumulation of evithe Psalms of Solomon, which had tians were quite aware that the dence relating discoveries in Central been completely brushed aside in earth is round. It will be recalled America to the cultures, customs, and

preference for the Odes because of that Origen's argument for the civilizations of the Middle East.

their small literary worth, contained roundness of the earth was that the Cloth $4.95

an explicit and direct reference to first Christians taught that God had CREATIVE FAMILY LIVING the other side prothat people on covenant communitythe Qumran 178 by Beverly Romney Cutler antichthonians. so, far to of the world—the the Scrolls. 174 Andduced

the east in an old Christian communiThe Logia or Sayings of Jesus as A little volume brimful of useful ty on the Tigris were discovered a found in the early Fathers have sufideas that every family can apply in developing a program of family collection of Syrian writings which fered unmerited neglect through the home nights and special events.

actually belong in the same cover years, the result of the thesis that our Paper $1.00

with the Dead Sea Scrolls of the present Bible contains all there is to Cloth - $1.95

Judaean desert and the Nag Hamknow. ("A Bible! A Bible! we have

THE CASE OF madi Library of upper Egypt. got a Bible, and there cannot be any

The Sayings of Jesus. The most more Bible."2 Nephi 29:3.) It is THE BOOK OF MORMON WITNESSES

sensational aspect of the newly unmerited because all the words of by Eldin Ricks found Coptic papyri is the presence Jesus in the Bible can be read in half Documentary "interviews"with the in them of the many statements atan hour, though Jesus'actual sermen who saw the Book of Mormon tributed to Jesus himself and not mons often lasted for many hours: plates and with others who afterfound in the Bible. Just as the deWhat good Christian would be such wards consulted them. A significant

aspect of Church history $1.50

tection of dimly recalled and vaguely a fool as to walk out on the Lord familiar themes and phrases in the while he was speaking? It is also OLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO.

new Jewish and Christian texts sent unwarranted because the purported Box 6137Salt LakeSugarCity,HouseUtahStation students back to search through words of Jesus are found in all the Available at L.D.S. bookstores everywhere

longneglected/ apocryphal writings, church writers of the early period.

so the present findings of many sayIf such men insist on quoting sayings ings of Jesus comes as a reminder which they actually believe were that many such sayings have been uttered by the Master, what greater BEEHIVE PHOTO to than refusing be years can therelying now, folly around for many The best in Genealogy 175 it attention? serious Yet ignored. give them completelyalmost Photos—as near as

Now we must recognize the diswas not until another great papyrus your mailbox.

tinct possibility that some if not find in Egypt at the turn of the cenmany of these sayings may be gentury that serious attention was given Negatives.50

uine, and in that case of the greatest to the Agrapha. Prints 05

importance. These have long been The collection was the Oxyrhyn- 3 Day Service

known as the Logia (Sayings) or chus, found in 1885, 125 miles south Holladay P.O. Box 17436

Agrapha (Unwritten Things) of of Cairo and eighteen miles west of Holladay, Utah 84117

Jesus. They are found (a) in the the Nile, and includes among eighNew Testament itself, ( b ) in variant teen published volumes of papyri the IDAHO FALLS fHAVE/oDGE

"Sayas the Papyrus Behnesa known the ofreadings New Testament, ( c the Idaho attending / 7 When of these Lord."ings 179 Ten of Our the church writers downin many of the at stay a "s temple, '*V>CM - Idaho Falls TRAVELODGE partreated with sayings St. have been in Augustine,to today (d) and TOT*;* convenient close and—are they ticular respect becausethe an example sands of Egypt. 17 "As rates for excursions. open all Temple also Special—

of the second type, M. R. James gives quoted by Origen, the first and day Saturdays.—Phone or write for reservathe following additions to Mark 16:3, greatest of Christian theologians. 180 tions. 255 E Street

found in some early texts: "In the And now from the sands of Nag Idaho Falls, Idaho

Ph. 5232960

third hour of the day there came Hammadi, still farther up the Nile, darkness throughout all the globe of comes another library with more TAPE RECORDERS the earth; and angels came down Sayings of Jesus, most, but not BUY DIRECT FROM DISTRIBUTOR

from the heavens...."177 all of them, being found in the Gos1965 Model, Four (4) Speeds - $ 99.00

Here is an interesting commentary pel of Thomas, among the 114 Logia 4 Track Full Stereo, 1965 Model - $267.00

on the great darkness of the Book of of which are found onefifth of the "Secret"Recorder w/attache case $200.00

Mormon, as well as significant eviOxyrhynchus sayings. 181 GUARANTEED Vem H. Bolinder Co.

Lowest Prices 3035 Imperial St.

in the U.S. Salt Lake City. Utah

Part Time Salesmen Wanted DECEMBER 1964 1127 In 1896 Alfred Resch regarded E. Hennecke and W. Schneemelcher, op. 162A. Guillaumont, H.-Ch. Peuch, G.

thirtysix of the more than two huncit.,149E.Vol.Revillout,I (1959).in Patrologia Orientalia, Quispel,The GospelW. AccordingTill, and Y.to 'abdThomasal Masih,(New

dred Sayings of Jesus which he had II, 123-7. York: Harpers, 1959), p. 3.

collected as genuine. 182 Today, viewtianityR. (London:M. Grant, SPCK,Second1946),Centuryp. 10.Chris263.163W. Frend, in Antiquity, 34 (1960), p.

ing the recently enlarged collection, mStegmuller, op. cit., I, No. 76 184H.-J Schoeps, Urgemeinde, Juden-

J. C. B.scholars are prone to accept at least Neutestamentliche152E. Schwartz, Wissenschaft,in Zeitschrift31 fiir( 1932)die christentum,Mohr, 1956), Gnosispp. 6986.(Tubingen:

ten of the Sayings as authentic, and pp. 151199. Standard works on this much18S0. Cullmann, in Hibbert Journal, 60

another ten as very probably so. lsa discussed(1899), HansthemeWaitzare(1904by andRud.1929),KnopfC. New(1961),Testamentp. 121; Studies,cf. by the5 (1959),same writer,p. 166.in

On what grounds do they judge? On Schmidt (1905 and 1929), W. Heintze 166P. Labib, Coptic Gnostic Papyri in the

( Govexternal grounds, answering the (1939),(1913f.), O.F. CullmannGerke (1931),(1954),G. H.RehmJ. ernmentCoptic MuseumPress, Cairo,at Old1956).Cairo, Vol. I

question, "Is the saying quoted in an Schoeps (1958f.), G. Streckes (1959), W. ie7See Introduction of N. Malmaine

early and reliable source?"and on Ullmann153L. Guerrier(1960).and S. Brebaut (eds. ) Le EvangeliumVigiliae Christianae,Verithies,9 (1955),(1956);pp. and66102,in

internal grounds, asking, "Is it broadTestament en Galilee de NotreSeigneur analyzing the Apocryphon of John.

ly consonant in style and content 236.J. -Christ, in Patrologia Orientalia, IX, 143Gospel168Noteof 162Philipabove.(NewR.York:M. Wilson,Harper Theand

with the mind of Jesus as we know 154E. Rahmani (ed. ), Testamentum DoRow, 1962); M. Malinine, et al., Evangeit from the canonical gospels?"184 Themini relationshipsnostri Jesu Christiare discussed(Mainz,at 1899).length lium160M.VeritatisTestuz(Zurich:(ed.), Rascher,Papyrus 1956).Bodmer

It is the second point, of course, by C. Schmidt, Gesprache Jesu mit seinen X-X1I (CologneGeneve: Bibliotheca Bodwhich has been the franchise of theoJiingern(1919), ofnachTextederundAuferstehung,Untersuchungen,Vol. VIIpp. meriana,170 J. R. 1959).Harris, The Odes and Psalms of

logians and scholars from the be156-9, 162-4, 211213, 230ff. A more reSolomon (Cambridge University, 1909),

ginning, since it amounts to asking incentStudiastudy Theologica,of the same 8is (1955),by H.-J. pp.Schoeps,41ff. thepp. 87,Odes55. andThe werePsalmspublishedwere knownby beforeO. V.

simply, "Is this what I think Jesus O. Perier, in Rivista de Archeologia ChrisGebhardt in Texte und Untersuchungen,

would have said?"The question has dependencytiana, 25 (1949),of I Clementp. 72,on IVpointsMaccabees.to the XIIImP.(1895),Batiffol,Heftin Revue2. Biblique, N.S. 8

become rather a hollow one, how- A text and discussion of the 127 Canons ( 1911), pp. 2228, discussing various theoever, since the whole message of the talia,of the VIII,Apostles553710,is in theeditedPatrologiaby J. andOrien-A. ries.( 1933W.), holdsBauer,thatin theKleineOdes Texte,are veryNo.close64

new discoveries is that there are Perier. Quotation is from p. 567. to Ignatius of Antioch and come from the

many things that no scholar left to 155C.lbid.,Schmidt,p. 245.op. cit., pp. 213f. end172G.of theHorner,first century.Pistis Sophia (London:

himself would have thought possible. 157These documents are discussed as they SPCK, 1924), pp. xvxvi.

We must be prepared for surprises Christianae,appear in the1946ff.Dutch periodical Vigiliae und173A.dasAdam,PerlenliedDie. Psalmen.. Beiheftdes24 Thomas(1959)

and guard against the natural ten158W. C. van Unnik, Newly Discovered of Zeitschrift fiir die Neutestamentliche

Press, No. Gnostic Writings 1960, (SCM Wissenschaft.

to text everydency say make new 8. in Biblical of Studies p. Theology), 30 ). 174This was Psalm 60 17 (or Ode [59]

the the 15SThis Apocryphon was of James; it If should. think external Koster, in fiirwhat Zeitschrift 175H. die we Neuis in Unnik, C. quotation from van W. testamentliche Wissenschaft, 48 p. (1957), like thatevidence shows Saying LoVigiliae 156. Christianae, 10 p. (1956), of Collections 221. found Agrapha be may

gion No. 2 in the Gospel of Thomas ieoVan Unnik, Newly Discovered Gnostic in Patrologia Orientalia, IV, 151182; XIII,

11. Writings, p. 335431; in Ropes, XIX, 531624; J. H.attributed to Jesus in the ancient 9. 1B1Ibid., p. Untersuchungen, Texte und No. XIV

papyri from Oxyrhynchus and Nag (1896), Heft 2 (154 Sayings of Jesus);

Hammadi, also turns up in the writAgrapha,also in Kleinein TexteTexte,undNo.Untersuchungen,11; A. Resch,

ings of Origen, Clement of Alexan- N.F. 15 (1906), Heft 3/4 (426 pages).

dria, and the lost Gospel of the THE DIFFERENCE Twelveare supposedmedievalto contain"Letterswordsfromof Jesus,Heaven"F.

Hebrews, the scholar who will put it Stegmuller, Repertorium, I, No. 148.

aside because it does not represent BY MAUREEN CANNON Expository Times, 69 (1958), p. 97;

Koster, op. cit., p. 223.

ofhis idea what Jesus would 177M. Testa- R. James, Apocryphal New little boys wake do say How 185 ed.), up? ment p. 33. (1925is very indeed. being bold

Fast, really as mattered if it II, iii, Peri 178Origen, Archon, 6, in Patrocontinued next be (To month) Vitally! rockets leap logia Small 11:194. Graeca

170Grenfell Sayings and A. S. Hunt, of from sleep—the peace is FOOTNOTES Up Lord (London, Our the discus1897). See shattered!

sion P. Batiffol, in Biblique, N.S. Revue by

in ReliGrant, 143R. Journal The M. of 501515. 6 (1909), pp.gion, 120. p. 39 (1960), Little differently, girls wake in 180L. Wright, E. Journal of Biblical texts discussions 144Complete ( except and

Literature, think. so I Watching, 65 (1946), pp. 175ff.for are the supplied Didache) R. in A. M.

Dressel, Patrum Apostolicorum Opera Kittenlike with Kittensounds, 181R. Roques, in Revue de I'Histoire des

Religions, 157 p. 195, and G. (1960), translations, E.(Leipzig, 1863). For curl, Gooduncurl. They're pink They

in Garitte, 151Museon, 73 pp. (1960), Fathers, Apostolicspeed, The an American still. gentle, joys sleepy The And 172.Translation York: Harper, 1950). (New

little to are savor quick That boys cit., op. 221. 182H. Koster, p. I45L. Quarterly Barnard, in Church W.

Review, 1958, p. 229. Instantly, small girls put off, imLoc. cit., and Expository Times, 69

146E. Peterson, in Vigiliae Christianae, 8 Sweetly doing day the favor (1958), pp. 9799. J. H. Ropes, J. Jeremias,

all disagree, and not but p. 70. W. Kiimmel awakening, Performing(1954),147 in Patrologia Orientalia, VIII, Of J. Perier, then, Small Even both, good widely. 1SiExpository Times, p. 97. 69553. (1958),

148A11 these are translated into German in morning! 185R. Roques, op. cit., p. 197.

1128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Christmas is a feeling, not just a calendar date.

It's a glance between friends; a phrase in a carol; a tree ornament you made

in kindergarten; a gift you get that you've wanted to get; a gift you give that

you want to give; a sameness in the way people feel.

Christmas has many moods. The memorable ones trace a pattern on your

heart that repeats with the season.

In this issue, some memorable moods of Christmas.

For you, may they help put new meaning into the old occasion and recall old meanings in this new time. May they make your Christmas the merrier—so merry

it lasts the whole year through!

Era of Youth DECEMBER, 1964

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

Since the beginning, Christmas has been a family affair.

For a happy family holiday at your house, your presence (and not just your presents) is required. Be ALL

there—a participating member—a giver and not just a

taker or even a mere looker.

Serve up a round of gladness at every possible chance.

Direct others in a project of decorating bushel baskets to tote gifts, of creating colorful catchalls from huge grocery sacks to hold discarded wrappings (the whole thing makes a ceremony out of the rubbish fire, later), or of tucking tiny trinkets in colored construction paper folders to delight little visitors.

Rise to the occasion by starting a new tradition at your house: Maybe breakfast packed in oilcloth or net Santa

socks featuring your own sweet roll wreaths and sliced oranges dipped in powdered sugar. Maybe midnight supper

on Christmas Eve with shrimp soup and homemade cheese sticks. Maybe waking up each family member with a progressive carol call (upon awaking, each one joins the parade). Maybe an extraspecial, extrawhite birthday cake

in honor of the Christ child with wassail and warm wishes last thing Christmas night.

Light up your eyes to match lights upon your tree, round your wreath, on your mantle, on your hearth, in the frosty skies, and on the shadowed snows. React to the scenes and

the moods; respond to the kindnesses and excitements and

sweetness of others—old and young. Try to think of others

first. Try to follow the teachings of Christ this day better

than ever before. Light up your eyes and turn on that smile.

Hum a happy carol, and even the tidying tasks will seem part of the joy of the season.

Christmas since the beginning has been a family affair.

High time it was at your house, with you stirring up pleasure, humming up joy, talking up a time with everybody around. Teenagers are better at this than anybody. Little

ones have their concerns about Santa. Big ones have their

Santa concerns. You inbetween ones can create the moods

and merry up the making of every gathering by serving up a hearty helping of Christmas.

ELAINE CANNON

A hearty

helping of

Christmas

Christmas is for sharing knew that Homer had wanted canyon boots for as long-

I as I could remember. He was eleven and I ten, and we

had spent many nights under the blue quilts at the cabin talking about how great it would be to have some real boots—boots that would climb through thorny bushes, that would

ward off rattlesnakes, that would nudge the ribs of the pony; we had planned the kind of leather they should be

and what kind of decoration they should have.

But we both knew it was just talk. The depression had

been hard on Father's business, and even shoes for school were usually halfsoled handme-downs.

Christmas that year had promised as always to be exciting, though mainly because of the handmade things we'd worked on in school for our parents. We never had money

to spend on each other, but we had caught early in our lives a sort of contagion from our mother. She loved to give, and

her anticipation of the joy that a justright gift would bring to someone infected our whole household. We were swept

up in breathless waiting to see how others would like what we had to give. Secrecy ruled—open, exaggerated secrecy, as

we made and hid our gifts. The only one whose hiding place

we never discovered was my Grandmother's. Her gifts

seemed to materialize by magic on Christmas morning and were always more expensive than they should have been.

That Christmas I was glowing because Mother had been so happy with the parchment lamp shade I'd made in the fourth grade, and Father had raved over the clay jewelry case I had molded and baked for him. Gill and Emma Lou

had been pleased with the figures I'd whittled out of clothespins, and Homer had liked the Scout pin I'd bargained for with my flint. Then Grandma started to pass out her

presents.

Mine was heavy and square. I'd been in the hospital that

year and then on crutches, and I'd wondered how it would be to have an Erector set to build with. Grandma had a

knack at reading boys'minds, and I was sure that's what it was. But it wasn't. It was a pair of boots, brown tangysmelling leather boots.

I looked quickly to Homer's package. His was a sweater.

He'd needed one all fall. I wanted to cover my box before he

saw what it was. I didn't want the boots; they should have

been his. He came toward me, asking to see, and I started

to say, "I'm sorry, bruv."

But he was grinning. And he shouted, "Hey, everybody

look what Richard's got."He swooped the boots out of the

box, fondled them like treasure, and then sat on the floor at my feet to take off my halfsoled shoes and put on the brand new boots.

I don't remember how the boots felt, nor even how they looked. But Christmas rang in my soul because my brother

was glad for me.

RICHARD WARNER AS TOLD TO EMMA LOU WARNER THAVNE

DECEMBER 1964 1 131 CHRISTMAS MEMORABILIA:

rV*%*# 4>, t -#as as **? '*0Ste--UP days,ys meant someth*g * S*

-morn- r\\risttaSl *, He n,.w aclpa nver # a

sW * cape ijifllt you **?iv*- s ttot *eteen cottege e "*e in ***ed. ift **<Sl<* S eeV rt co etvevet att"a But Splendid. ft* oi n It as \ vn rose oi tcVv *"?*Isg1"d"8 d ty eXcitJng

as **f encbatittnS;; Tere t* aw W tnere

atou * V>est tie *rneft toJ **W

*ose J-**, portion vere style, tf0*lnW s Wo?ri4eultWong 1 rote, wv a.sengrf o0,atrnan

! as &1 "for -oree10"j jM>,nE I *e truest- s I

oi \ierse1132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The dawn of Christmas was still very faint about our creche. Not until then did I have the

when my sisters and I gathered eagerly in the privilege myself of setting the tiny scene up in the upstairs hall. By family tradition, we four formed window. And it was only then that I learned that

a procession there, youngest first, before going the scene was not professionally done. Instead

down to see our gifts. it had been exquisitely created from odds and

Looking down the long stairway to the landing ends by a frugal, ingenious mother.

below, we discovered a miraculous transformation The magnificent star had been cut from a—the window ledge framed there had somehow simple shirt cardboard and glittered by hand; the

overnight become the Nativity scene. sky from which it shone was merely an old curtain

There we could see the brilliant star high in dyed midnight blue. A bit of excelsior packing

a deep blue sky. Beneath it Mary held the Holy served as hay in the cardboard manger. Joseph

Babe in her arms, while Joseph, staff in hand, was a tiny porcelain doll, glued to a spool for stood tall and strong by her side. Before them needed height and adorned with a tiny false beard

were three kings, one kneeling in adoration. To his flowing robe was a scrap of rich cloth, and his

one side of this tiny stage was gathered a group wooden staff actually a sucker stick wrapped of humble shepherds; across from them a cow tightly with brown crepe paper. The adoring wise

and a mule watched in wonderment near their man was, in fact, a squat, whitebearded Santa manger of hay. Claus of celluloid—skilfully turbaned and draped

As we children moved down the stairs closer in velvet to give him the appearance of a kneeling to the holy scene, there was none of the running, monarch.

jostling, and shouting of other years. We were Now do you suppose this discovery disappointed

as though entranced by the tiny figures before me in any way? Would I have had it some other

us—fascinated by every detail. way? On the contrary, the realization of how this

I must confess that once we reached the landmanger scene had come into being made it more ing and turned the corner of the stairway, our meaningful and precious. My eyes brimmed with

thoughts were immediately drawn to the exciting tears of gratitude as I gained yet greater appreciagifts waiting for us near the tree. But the sweet, tion for my loving, sensitive Mother—one who

reverent spirit which the creche had given us for could from the simplest objects create a thing of our first influence that day stayed with us in some beauty and spiritual influence for her loved ones.

measure throughout. And at the end of that excitThe secret of the creche is still with me—pering Christmas day, as we passed the manger scene haps the most enduring of my childhood Christon our way up to bed, we again felt its reverent, mas memories. The parties, decorations, and even

calming spirit flowing over us. most of the gifts are largely forgotten. But the

From that day on, the manger scene became an memory of Mother's beautiful manger scene conimportant part of our Christmas tradition. tinues to remind me of the great lesson it taught

Throughout all our years at home it helped us me years ago—that Christmas becomes truly

begin and close each Christmas day with the remeaningful only through the things we do for membrance of the wondrous birth of our Savior. those we love Anti those we worship.

In my midteens I discovered a wonderful secret U WJ. FIELDING NELSON

The Secret

of the

Creche -'W

One Christmas

was a Christmas many years ago, when Salt orange, and an apple. Santa had left me a "big"It

Lake City was still a town of unpaved streets doll that could open and shut its eyes. Lawrence

and picketfenced yards with barns and chicken had received a bright red drum. But I think it was

coops behind small houses. It was a bright, clear more than that. Somehow, the stories we had been

morning, ringing with the sounds of church bells told, the carols we had sung, the preparations in and sleigh bells and laughing children. which we all took part—making paper ornaments,

My brother Lawrence and I were in the yard. seeding raisins, cracking nuts—all these things

We had hold of each other's hands and were had combined to make us realize that Christmas is jumping up and down in the snow yelling, "Christ- a time of joy. And the message came through

mas! Christmas! Christmas!"We were so filled bright and clear, not drowned out by crowds

with joy that even yelling and jumping, could not and noise.

relieve the excitement, and when a sleigh passed I sometimes remember that Christmas and along the street, its bells a-jingle, we dropped to wonder at the innocence and simple heartedness the snow and rolled over and over, laughing, that could be so happy with so little. And I smile,

shouting, "Christmas! Christmas!"remembering two children rolling in the snow,

Why were we so happy? Of course we had everylaughing, shouting with joy, "Christmas! Christthing the heart could desire. We'd found our long mas! Christmas!"

black stockings filled with nuts and candy, an OLIVE W. BURT

t v \

1134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gift from a loving child

Many years ago I knew a sensitive little child of four who painstakingly wrote a few words she knew on a scrap of paper. Then she gathered all her worldly wealth into this

paper and raced for her grandmother's house. She pressed

her gift into her grandmother's hand and hurried home again, for it was Christmas morning.

A dozen years later, shortly after the grandmother's death, the adult members of the family surrounded their mother's trunk to examine her keepsakes. She had saved

surprisingly few mementos from such a long life. Nothing

of material value. But, buried in the bottom of the chest

was a soiled little wad of paper with the words "I love you"printed in a childish scrawl. Nestled in the folds of the paper

were three copper pennies.

MARY M. ELLSWORTH

DECEMBER 1964 1135 Christmas season many years ago stands out

A in my memory because it was so special. I remember it as the "sparkly"Christmas. The

things that made that year so special weren't big, The Sparkly important things. The sparkle of ornaments reflected in the wide, dark eyes of our baby sister

helping to decorate the tree that year for the first time and the fact that no one had scolded anyone Christmas for bunching icicles on the tree instead of putting them on one by one in shimmering loveliness these helped make it special. Nine of us had

decorated together, and not one of us had been made unhappy by another's critical words.

And when we had a home evening between

Christmas and New Year's, even that was special.

The fire was bright and noisy as fragrant pine needles popped out of the fire basket onto the brick hearth. Someone suggested we have a fish

pond game for our home evening. We did this

sometimes, and the person who went fishing would stand on the library window seat and dangle our long Alpine stick with the goat horn on the end of it over the colonnade. These represented the

fishing pole and the pond. This night Mother

twined silver tinsel around the Alpine stick so it looked very festive. Instead of fishing for a surprise on that occasion, each of us gave a Christmas

thank you thought. And they were the loveliest

thoughts I have ever heard. As I thought about

the things I was thankful for, I decided I was most thankful for Christmases in a home made warm and happy by love. But instead of telling my

thought that way, I began by saying I was thankful that we weren't rich and nobody wanted to kidnap us. I had planned to go on and explain

about our loving home and family, but everyone laughed, and I failed to say more.

Later, I was sorry I hadn't explained, for that was the last Christmas we had our mother with us. But we knew no sorrow then, and we still

have the happy vivid memory of the loveliest

Christmas season of them all.

HELEN BRANDLEY WISCOMB iy

1136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA all seemed so incongruous, It floral arrangements on the mantle in soft, muted colors, aStill another gift somber contrast to the baubled fir in the corner.

Although our bruised hearts were far from the tinseled gaiety of the crowds, we determined to bring what little we could into our home this season.

The mood of this Christmas?

It was sadness, for the loss of a loved one; gratitude, for the gospel teachings of faith and the

hereafter; rejoicing, with the

promise of reunion in a new and better life; and humility, as

family and a close circle of friends offered comfort and security.

How startling the perception was that Mother in all her years as provider of Christmas joys and toys had never given so much, had never been so appreciated, so loved as this year.

What a blessed Christmas it was as thoughts and feelings such as these flooded into the lives of her dear ones. The Babe

in Bethlehem was real. His birth

and Mother's death were clearly woven together in the great scheme of things. This knowledge lives with us still.

EVELYN MARSHALL

You would say that the group was one of typical this night and gave them.

Mormon married couples who had met toShirley brought a small antique dish from the gether for years. It was our turn to be hosts, and Joseph Smith farm.

this year we wanted to bring a little more ChristWeldon had understood the instructions to mean mas spirit into the party, so we told all the couples that he was to bring one of his most treasured that we wanted each person to bring a gift. items, and he and his wife had had a long disThe gift was not to be an ordinary runof-thecussion about whether they ought to do it. After

mill Christmas gift. Each person was to select one all there is some limit to the closeness of the group.

of his personal possessions. It had to be something After long deliberation, they brought with them

that he wanted to keep. He could choose the one the original copy of his doctoral thesis. Of course,

to whom he wanted to give it as long as that we would not let him part with that.

individual had not received one already. Each On it went until all had given. It was an interwas to tell why this gift was so valuable to him. esting experience. Few gifts were given without

After dinner, the fun began. a tear on the part of the giver and even fewer

Monroe brought a large rasp. It looked at first received without a tear.

like a white elephant. It turned out to be his most It was a most unusual evening—one that no one

cherished tool and served him better than any has forgotten with the years. Some gave more

other he had in remodeling their house. than others. But, in memory, those who gave the

Margaret brought a little Irish Bellek china most have treasured the experience more. And

bowl that she had treasured for years. those who received from those who gave the most

One of the men had long admired. a pair of cuff will never forget.

links that another wore, so he took his own off DOUGLAS COY MILES

From those who gave

Ink

ir

-w"

ngtm

./ tj -r

Iis a

A young teen was speaking the Nativity scene with deep feeling.

Violin strains were now coming from the bow of a 16year-old boy, bringing a message of joy to the hearts of the listeners.

Young girls evoked a twinkle to many an eye with light Santa Claus verse.

I looked around the large reception room of the nursing home. Thirty elderly men and women were

there, some unable to sit upright, others wiping

There's always the need awaystill otherstears whichin wheelchairs,freely spilta manfromwithdeepsetan ampueyes, tated leg, another with a palsied condition. Yet

all these people could feel deeply, could respond crib readily days. to love, could youthful no for his bed..."remember IN A MANGER, AWAY

..". appreciation, night, gratitude. "Silent holy night faces bespoke Their now

Favorite carols were being sung by children It was a Saturday afternoon four years ago.

ranging in age from three to sixteen, who were Through the window an occasional snowflake was eagerly awaiting Christmas day on the morrow. floating down. It wasn't a white yuletide. There

"And she brought forth her first born son, and was an undertone of sadness to the holiday season wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him which seemed to make it more spiritual.

in a manger...."Early in October my father had died, and

Mother had passed away eight years before. So

there was an aching, lonely feeling.

Dad was a man who loved family and people in general. He was sensitive to hurt and pain and

trials which beset the old folk. He would wish

joy and wellbeing to all.

That was why we were at the nursing home.

All the grandchildren in town and some cousins of another side of the family desired to do something particularly worthwhile. The teenagers

wanted to bring joy to others. They thought of

Grandfather in making their decision to do for others. "Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way...."

The bright music brought me back to the present. I looked around. The people were glad. My

heart rejoiced as I looked closely at the group of cousins. There was a glow on their faces that

couldn't be found by just opening presents. They

were experiencing the rewards of service which proved the scripture, "Cast thy bread upon the waters: for thou shalt find it after many days."

(Eccles. 11:1.)

The people were thanking them, were patting their hands. The little palsied man was beaming,

"God bless you, children, for sharing your time with us. It has given us the Christmas spirit."

The young people smiled as they passed around homemade cookies. Their hearts were overflowing,

for they sensed the meaning of "Peace on earth, good will toward men."This was a moment—

memorable moment—that would enrich Christmas

for them and for us their parents.

VIRGINIA W. ANDERSON

to Daddy with love

It's the Christmas season, and again I'm puzzling over gifts. I've tried to recall the gifts given last year, and

I find I can't entirely remember. In further contemplation

I realize there are few presents I remember as vividly as the gift I gave and the gift I received in return when ':% I was seven.

I had carefully selected gifts for all the family with my little cash. I had left only a nickel for Dad's gift. With the

confidence of the very young, though, I reasoned that I could find something suitable if I just looked carefully.

During the few remaining days until Christmas, my search for an appropriate gift yielded only frustration. The

afternoon before Christmas came, and the gifts under the tree were sharp reminders that I had not finished my

Christmas preparations.

\ I was drawn to the kitchen by the lovely aroma of roasting pine nuts. Dad especially liked them but disliked the

%w tedious chore of shelling them. In that moment I knew what

I would give my father. I asked Mother for a tall tumbler

and began my task in a quiet corner. It was slow work for

my small hands, and I worked by the light of the kerosene lamp long after my brothers had gone to bed. When I had

finally filled the glass to the brim with the delicate nuts,PC?'Mother helped me wrap it. It was a sleepy but happy hand

that wrote, "To Daddy with Love, Janice."

This was my first Christmasgiving experience, and it seemed an especially lovely morning. The boys liked their

presents and Mother was very pleased with the vase. But as

Dad reached to open his gift, I caught my breath. Suddenly

I was frightened that he might be disappointed or hurt because I hadn't found him a nicer present from the store.

The wrapping fell away, and my humble present was ex-

C orposed.enthusiasticallyNo beautiful received.gift of costlyMy designdad, blesswas hiseverheart,more noblymade

:*.: that gift the most remembered one I've ever given! His love

and glowing praise gave me, in return, one of the choicest gifts in life—the gift of sincere appreciation.

JANICE T. HARRIS

1 140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

She stood there, her lovely young face and eyes even remembered how difficult it was for Susan aglow as she mentally pictured a multitude and her to keep Stephen and Linda quiet so the of rich and joyous Christmas experiences. She had family would never solve the mystery of where

been challenged to select the one most memorable the box had come from. Of all her experiences, she

in her eleven short years. remembered this the most vividly.

She might have thought of traditional family Simple? Yes. Yet, to me this was amazing and

Christmas candlelight dinners, decorating the tree enlightening. Old sayings and scripture that I'd

and house, the longawaited dolls, practical clothes, heard since Primary days took on new dimensions appreciated books, family caroling, the bicycle she "... It is more blessed to give than to receive."

almost gave up hoping for, and on and on. (Acts 20:35.)

Then it came! "Daddy, the one I remember more "... when ye are in the service of your fellow

than any other and enjoyed the most is the time beings ye are only in the service of your God."

we took the box of Christmas gifts to that other (Mosiah 2:17.)

family...."In minute detail she recounted the "... Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the

family planning of a simple, though not original, least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto idea to assist a family in which accident had handime."(Matt. 25:40.)

capped the father and the family economy—deYes, the project was simple and not original,

tails like wrapping each family member's gift, but somehow the approaching Christmas season selecting the fruit and sweets, leaving the box on seemed to have a new warmth, charm, and meanthe porch, ringing the bell, running through the ing for me. God bless you, Amy

snow and seeking protection in the shadows just long enough to see the children find the box. She JOE J. CHRISTENSEN

God Bless You,

DECEMBER 1964 In sixteen years traditions are formed. The Christmas

season -holds many of them. I thought I was grown up—Christmas maybe I was. At least, I did come to the right conclusion—

when not yet seventeen.

The yule season was upon us. Snow that particular year,

planned a party in conflict with our annual family Christmas is for bright lights, and gaiety were everywhere. Some of the gang

gathering. Oh, how I wanted to be with my friends! For

several days I fretted. Yes, I had always been with the

family, but now I was grown up and so made up my mind that this year I would be with the crew from school instead Family of my family.

The hour for both parties grew nearer, and I felt uncomfortable. I wanted to go both directions. But wait a

minute, I thought. Christmas is sacred and spiritual and

fun. I enjoyed my friends, but I loved my family. After

several hurried phone calls my mind was finally at peace.

No matter how young I was or how old I would become

I had decided: CHRISTMAS IS FOR FAMILY.

HUGH W. PINNOCK

V

Some young people were talking about the important "C's"of Christmas the other night. They came up with

quite a list and tried to make them rhyme. No doubt you

can think of some more. Here are some of theirs

Children, candles, candy canes,

Cheer, (new) clothes, country lanes,

Carols, coasting, cranberries, (Santa) Claus and chimen-eys (!)

Cards and cotton, colored lights,

Chocolate, church, and crispy nights.

It was fun thinking about the "C's"of Christmas (and slightly perverting the spelling of "chimney"to improve the rhythm), but real joy came when the conversation became How do more serious, and we talked with appreciation of the most important "C's"of Christmas—Christ and his loving care

and concern. The Savior cared very much about the five thousand who you "C"

had to be fed and about the helpless man at the pool of Bethesda. He was concerned for the rich young ruler, for the

woman who touched his robe, and for the children whowanted to be near him. Mary Magdalene won his compasChristmas?

sionate forgiveness, and Zacchaeus felt the warmth of his gracious heart and friendship.

So closely and lovingly was Christ identified with his fellow men that when one of them suffered he suffered also when one was helped or blessed, the good deed lifted him as well. When he talked of the end of the world, he said that

certain ones would be on the right hand of the King, honored because they had served him and loved him and cared for his needs. Perplexed, not understanding, these "blessed"

ones would gently protest his commendation, not remembering even having ministered to him.

"... Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least

of these my brethren,"the King would say, "ye have done it unto me."(Matt. 25:40.)

Really caring about others, then, being unselfishly concerned with their wellbeing—these are the "C's"that represent the true spirit of Christ and of Christmas. These are

Christlike qualities. They are characteristics which we are

here on earth to develop.

What better time and circumstance is there than at

Christmas to show that we are learning genuine Christian concern, that we truly care about others?

MARION D. HANKS

DECEMBER 1964 The Last Word

A fouryear-old was spending a weekend with her grandmother and insisted on helping her with almost every task, even to peeling onions at the kitchen sink. When tears started streaming down

both their cheeks, the little one looked up and said, "We're both sorry, aren't we, Grandma?"

Some people have good aim [jfIn the end the things that count but never pull the trigger. are the things we cannot count.

Child to father reading bedtime Husband (who's forgotten) to story: "When her pumpkin turned inwife: "How do you expect me

to a golden coach, did she report that to remember your birthday when as earned income or capital gain?"you never look any older?"

Such a winter eve. Now for a melSilently, like thoughts that

low fire, some old poet's page, or come and go, the snowf lakes fall, else serene philosophy.—Thoreau each one a gem.-W. H. Gibson

If you haven't time to do it right, If a man empties his purse into his when will you have time to do it over? head, no one can take it from him.

I will honor Christmas in my ***;-i>ij\\ heart and try to keep it all the year.—Charles Dickens

The Mormon missionary believes sincerely, indeed, he knows, that his message is the priceless gift of undoubted truth, God made and revealed, which has the power, if used, to enrich mankind beyond measure in daily happiness on earth and in the life hereafter. Such

certain knowledge gives him courage and makes his labors joyful. He

meets the issues of the day with a song in his heart.—John A. Widtsoe

&q4L

ymbolizes faith in a better

world and love toward all men.

This Christmas season the star of

Bethlehem shines once more.

May the spirit of its light burn

brightly in the hearts of everyone.

We extend to all our sincerest best

wishes for a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.

INTERSTATE

COMPANY

3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY

Valley View 7th and 8th Wards, Valley View Stake

If

miSkttiiiji, M).|:?'* I

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Will you be ready when he is?

rci Investigate this Ul

The Beneficial Life Mission Motivator

Plan makes your savings systematic and Latterday SaintMIfamilies have been sure. It gives you these advantages:

advised repeatedly to build a missionary

Reminds you to save regularly.

fund for their children. Yet, despite

Guarantees that the money will be good intentions—many of us save the available when the call comes—if the

"put'ntake"method—we put some plan is fulfilled.

in; take some out, and end up Has paidup options in case the plan

about where we started. can't be continued.

Provides flexibility to suit your income

Call your Beneficial Life man and needs.

IfDad should not live to complete the about this plan—soon, plan we pay premium automatically.

or mail the coupon below.

Pays Mission funds either in monthly allotment checks or as a lump sum.

Can you think of a better Christmas gift?

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

Beneficial Life Building—Salt Lake City, Utah

| Yes, I'd like to know more about your new "Mission Motivator"Plan. BENEFICIAL LIFE

NAME Virgil H. Smith, Pres, Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or RFD Now over 600 Million dollars of Life Insurance in force.

CITY STATE ZIP CODE.