'H*

i

4,.!*,.. /.,

Special in this Issue: MlOF

Color portraits and I 1 # < biographies of:

New Apostle

Patriarch to the Church

Assistants to the Twelve

First Council of Seventy

Presiding Bishopric

November 1967 to come you (through ome Study)

Prepare for great things in your future through a stimulating BYU Home

Study course. Don't let busy daytime

hours deprive you of preparing for opportunities ahead!

A BYU Home Study Course can be completed in your leisure hours, whenever they may occur, and yet you have the advantage of a close, personal studentinstructor relationship to guide you.

Earn valuable high school and university credit from a selection of over 293 stimulating courses.

Choose from such areas as:

Accounting Dramatic Arts Mathematics

Art Economics Philosophy Child Development & English Political Science

Family Relationships Geology Religion

Communications Health Sociology

Computer Science History Zoology & (Latest course) Language Entomology

Nationally recdnized scholars such as Gary Cafison, Dale H. West, Ariel Ballif, Blaine R. Porter,

Vasco Tanner, Harold I. Hansen, Roy W. Doxey and Chauncey Riddle personally instruct the Home Study

courses by correspondence and oiler stimulating instruction in almost any Held you may choose.

BYU DEPARTMENT OF HOME STUDY /mWL

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601 /STUOYli

Memo to the reader, November 1967

Twelve years ago, in 1955, the first of The Voice of the Church our special November issues appeared.

It featured a section containing 14 fullNovember 1967 color reproductions of the beautiful murals in the newly completed Los Volume 70, Number 11

Angeles Temple.

This issue also started a tradition of special November magazines. Over the

years the following subjects have been treated: Special Features

of Leadership and the Aux1956—Quorums 2 Editor's Page: A True Thanksgiving, President David 0. McKay 4 The Era Asks Seven Questions of Latterday Saints in Congress iliaries

(Part 2)1957—The Saga of Mormonism, featuring

the murals from the Cody, V\/yoming, 30 Put Heart in Your Hello, Val Camenish Wilcox 1958—Theward Presidentschapel of the Church 40 Servants in the Lord's Kingdom1959—The Apostles of Jesus Christ

Church1960—The Book of Mormon, featuring paint41-63 Color Portraits and Biographies of General Authorities of the

In the Footsteps of featuring Jesus,1961—ings by Arnold Friberg 64 Fiftieth Anniversary of the Church Office Building

of the the Holy photographs Land 72 And Liberty for All, Li Nielsdatter

Life1962—Thetoday of Jesus, from paintings by Regular Features Carl Bloch

1963—Latterday Temples of the Church of 9, 78 LDS Scene

1964—TheJesusStoryChristof the Church, with photo15 TheVandenbergPresiding Bishopric's Page: The Sacrament, Bishop John H.

graphs of places important in Church history 21 Lest We Forget: In Everything Give Thanks, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

1965—Signs of the True Church, with art 26 Best of Movies, Howard Pearson

28, 32, 34, 38 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans1966—Thefrom Firstthe NewPresidencyYork Vorld'sand theFairCouncil

of the Twelve 36 Buffs and Rebuffs 66 Melchizedek Priesthood: The Home Teacher and Understanding HuSpecial November issues for 1960, man Nature, Wilford D. Lee

1963, 1965 are still available today, for 74 The Church Moves On 50 cents each. A special packet containing the pictures of the First Presi80 Today's Family: Thanks for the Memory, Florence B. Pinnock

dency and the Council of the Twelve is 86 These Times: Morals and Politics in International Life, G. Homer

Durhamavailable for $1.50.

In the fine tradition of the November 90 End of an Era

Eras of the past, we are pleased to feature in this issue 23 color photographs Era of Youth and brief biographies of a new apostle, 91104 Marion D. Hanks and ElBlne Cannon, Editors

the Patriarch to the Church, the Assistants to the Council of the Twelve, the

First Council of the Seventy, and the Fiction, Poetry

Presiding Bishopric. New photographs 10 Within the Heart, Ida M. Barken

of all of these brethren were taken for 8, 34, 38, 70, 90 Poetry this purpose. Biographies were written

by members of the Era staff.

B, Pinnock.F. Price,Edrtor;Today'sStaffAlberlArtist.FamilyLZobeli,Editor;Jr.,MarionResearchD. Hanks.Editor; EraMabelof YouthJones Editor;Gabbott,ElaineJay M.Cannon.Todd, EleanorEraDavidof 0-YouthKnowles.McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor; T. Sykes.L.RalphEvans.EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L- FlorenceGreen,NormanManaging

F. Scott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A, Glen Snarr, Acting Business Jr.,FranklinGeneralDirector;S.Manager;Harris,ThayerJr..FlorenceHughEvans,S.Nifaley.Jacobsen,S. GlennSidneySmith,AssociateB, Sperry,AdvertisingGeneralAlma Manager;Representatives.A, Gardiner,Verl Contributing <3T54j/JUUA- G.G.ManagerCarlosHomer andSmith.Durham.Subscription

Editor Managing of Superintendent, of Mutual Saints, Men's Improvement Latterday Young General 1967, and the by ofAll of Jesusrights The Saints.Church of ChristAssociation Christreserved. Latterday Improvement Associations price. Jesus Church Subscription The $3,00

years, year, years, substripiions, $5.75: 2 a to price; each succeeding single the threeyear $8.25;of year for $2,50 added a year,publishedcopy, 3 inexceptadvance; 35c Mutualmultiplespecial issues. Associations. Mutual Improvement Priesthood Official the Quorums, organ of

at City, Salt Office, at the secondclass Utah, of Lake rate for special as matter. mailing for Acceptance postage provided in section 1103 Churcti School System, Music Teactiing Committee. Committee. and - act Enteredof July authorized 2, Post1917, October 1918. Samts. Latterday of of Tfie ottierHome of Christ agencies Jesus Church

is for not unsolicited contributions. responsible manuscripts The Improvement welcomes but paid are Manuscripts for acceptance on and must be

for return. sufficientEra'accompanied delivery by postage and

Thirfy days'notice required slip change, of include please a recent address. of ordering address from issue the magazine. Address a is well changeold Era, forthe unless City, be Salt cannot changes address included. State, Whenas the South as madei& one Improvement Lake 79 The new Utah 84111

November 1967 Gratitude is deeper than thanks. Thankfulness is

The thetion beginningof thankfulness.of gratitude.ThankfulnessGratitude is maythe compleconsist

Editor's merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts,

attitude to I think consider it is well our for us Page grateblessings should toward be most for which we ful, not just such temporal blessings as our harvests and our profits. Our thanksgiving might be entirely

By President selfish, if we are thinking only of the success that

David 0. McKay has attended our investments, if we are grateful only

for good crops, if we are going to express thanks only for sufficient income to pay our taxes.

The observance of Thanksgiving Day should be, in the best sense, religious. When President George

hree hundred fortysix Washington issued the first proclamation of thanksyears ago a proclamation giving, he called attention to reliance upon God. T

was issued to a little group on the bleak shores of It might be well to review the feelings and emoPlymouth to meet and worship and render thankstions with which we approach Thanksgiving Day.

giving to God. That has been said to be the first There are some with whom things have gone well. The

Thanksgiving in modern America. family circle has remained unbroken. No wasting

It is well for us to think on that for which those sickness has come into their home. Prosperity has

Pilgrims had to be thankful. They had landed in left its blessing. The festive table is laden with

the previous November, in 1620, and many had to plenty. There is meat in the larder and grain in the

live on the Mayflower throughout that winter, for storehouse. Because of these things, they imagine

they had neither suitable clothing nor shelter. Many they are grateful; but such gratitude is the essence of

of their number died that first year, and yet those selfishness. It finds its basis in circumstances; it draws

sturdy Pilgrims had gratitude in their hearts for the its inspiration from clear skies and smooth sailing, blessings of God. and hence it is as fitful and efflorescent as the alternaThey had not forgotten his Divine Providence in tions of sunlight and shadow. If these conditions of

their behalf. They had not forgotten their faith and personal comfort and prosperity are in themselves the

their freedom, and the privilege of worshiping God grounds for thankfulness, where in the hour of adas their consciences dictated. versity shall we find occasion for rejoicing?

ATrue

Improvement Era

The record of the past has its graver side. There people generally, realizing the fact that material

have been pain and losses, and disappointments and possessions alone do not give happiness, are appreciatbereavements, and heartaches. Where in those things ing more than ever before those things that are of

are there reason and grounds for gratitude? Has the most value. I am happy to enjoy with my friends

empty larder, the bare table, the desolate home, the these most worthwhile possessions. To name only a

vacant chair, the first mound in the cemetery no place few, I would say that I am most grateful:

for thanksgiving? First, for a noble parentage and a worthy name.

This is the point of stumbling with many an earnest Second, for an abiding faith in a Supreme Being soul. We find in the bitter chill of adversity the real and in the divinity of Jesus Christ.

test of our gratitude, which, triumphant over condiThird, for the abilities and opportunities to enjoy tions merely physical and external, finds its ground of the gifts of God as manifest in nature. All the beautithankfulness in God himself. It is independent of ful things of creation are mine merely for the seeing

circumstances. It goes beneath the surface of life, and the seeking.

whether sad or joyous, and founds itself upon God. Fourth, for affectionate family relationshipsLaying aside the thought of prosperity, let us conloved ones and loyal friends. He who has even one

sider some points for which everyone, rich or poor, friend is rich, and I have many who have proved well or sick, may express gratitude. The realities in themselves true and loyal.

life, after all, are the things that bring joy and happiFifth, for opportunities to render helpful service ness; and too many people in the world fail to apprein The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

ciate these realities. And above all, for the knowledge that a kind and

One great reality for which we should be thankful loving Father will give helpful guidance to all who is life itself. Life is a mystery to most of us, but seek him in sincerity.

all should be grateful for it. Life is the highest gift Let us always express gratitude for opportunities to

that God can give to men. And there is no person so render helpful service in the Church—service to our

poor, so crippled, who should not be grateful for fellowmen, not to self. If you would be happy, make

such a gift. somebody else happy. This is a fundamental law of

A second great fundamental for which we should be Christ, and the Church is so organized that every grateful is the free agency God has given us—freedom person has an opportunity in some organized way to

and liberty vouchsafed by the fundamental law of render service to somebody else. Remember that

the land. "inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of

As this Thanksgiving Day approaches, I am thankthese my brethren, ye have done it unto me."

ful to know that members of the Church and so many (Matt. 25:40.) O

Thanksgiving

November 1967 prohibition might be much better,

The Era Asks with proper concern for juveniles and the right of privacy of the individual from unwilling exposure to Seven Questions offensive material. To be included

also would be the methods of sale of Latterday Saints and distribution.

Although I am not a lawyer, I In Congress have frequently been critical of

PART 2 Supreme Court decisions, but on this subject, the state and local jurisdictions mustTen Latterday Saints serve in the present U.S. Congress—three senators and governmental

seven representatives. Because of their important public positions and wide avoid legislating in the field of free

influence, we continue their thoughtprovoking responses to some questions of relevance to Latterday Saints. expression, whether oral or literary.

Over and over again, the concern,

Q—How do you feel about the taken as a whole appeals to a prucommunitydistress, andoveranxietythe ofpublication,the local

Supreme Court decisions on obrient interest in sex; (b) the sale, and distribution of obscene

scenity? material is patently offensive beand offensive material, whether in

fornia—CongressmanThis questionClawson dealsof Calispe- causecommunityit affrontsstandardscontemporaryrelating to theformance,form ofmovies,personalpublications,or public peror

cifically, of course, with the rights the description or representation of any other means, has been assuaged guaranteed in the First Amendsexual matters; and (c) the matethrough the firm and constructive

ment, wherein it states, among rial is utterly without redeeming action of an aroused citizenry.

other things, "Congress shall make social value."Education in the development of

no law... abridging the freedom Interpretations and opinions will high standards of morality, ethics,

of speech, or of the press..."and again differ from individual to and cultural appreciation is the best

the Fourteenth Amendment, which individual, community to commutool for combating obscenity and provides that "no State shall make nity, and state to state. The diffiall of its peripheral problems. The

or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United

States...."

There appears to be no question WC about the preemption of the areas of speech and press freedom by the

Constitution itself. This, then,

leaves us the problem of obscenity, its definition, and at what point speech and press become obscene in the constitutional sense. The

majority of the members of the culty of legislating in the field of imagination and initiative of memSupreme Court have held that a obscenity has always been apparent bers of civic and service organizastate may not constitutionally into legislators on all levels of governtions of any given community can, hibit the distribution of literary ment whenever they have atin my humble opinion, devise material as obscene unless "(a) the tempted to come to grips with the methods and pressures to deal with dominant theme of the material problem. Regulation rather than such problems on the local level

whenever the desire for improvement is strong enough.

Congressman—In this line Hannaof Supremeof CaliforniaCourt

decisions, I see the great challenge that faces our American society;

that is, how to maintain the highest

Improvement Era

level of freedom and at the same Most of the statutes on obscenity sions have not maintained this time maintain a level of conduct turn out to be a struggle with sebalance.

that encourages the production of a mantics, and when it is all over, the Senator Moss of Utah—The Court

morally strong citizenry. Where the basic question, however expressed, has not drawn the right line belevel of conduct is held high by is still one of taste and a level of tween freedom of expression and

adherence of the people on a volunacceptable conduct. These are most the right of communities to outlaw

tary basis, a voluntary commitment difficult to express in the rigid pornography, and I deplore it. As

arises out of individual good taste language of criminal statutes. we know, for many years it was

and is driven by individual desire Therefore, it is my opinion that the illegal to send obscene literature for the highest order of living, and Supreme Court decision on obscenthrough the mail or to sell it in when individual responsibility for ity correctly admonishes a very bookstores or on newsstands. Now

conduct is appropriately assumed', cautious approach to those who the Supreme Court has held that the minimum level of law enforceseek the answers to these questions some of these books have social ment is required in those areas of moral behavior in the sterile and value and are protected under the which impinge upon morality. But inflexible language of the criminal First Amendment. The decisions

when individual voluntary commitarticles. are based on fear of censorship,

ment is lowered, when substantial Congressman Moss of California—since the first act of a dictator is to

segments of the population are The Court has not, in the case of limit free speech and free press.

willing to accept lower standards of obscenity, drawn precise lines. In There are, however, several

behavior, when good taste does not fact, the Court has become enbright spots in the picture. First,

prevail in bringing individual remeshed in a quagmire forcing it to the Supreme Court recently upheld straint, then other elements in our deal with the question of obscenity a lower court decision to fine and society whose sense of decency is on a caseby-case basis, which injail a New York publisher for pubthereby offended will press strongly evitably will lead to an obscurity lishing an obscene magazine befor a greater encroachment of law of definitive lines. cause the advertisement blatantly

enforcement into the fields of moral Congressman Hansen of Idaho—described the contents of the magabehavior. I believe that no individual can zine in question as obscene. Second,

If this occurs, true freedom in adequately develop his talents a federal court in Iowa has recently these areas will be eroded and without complete freedom of selfconvicted a California publisher

Beginning at for publishing obscene literature, left: far and this case will now come before

Wallace F. Senator

Bennett, Utah; the Supreme Court. Furthermore,

Congressman Laurence the Court indicated in one decision

J. Burton, Utah;

Senator Howard W. that laws passed by states to keep

Cannon, Nevada; pornographic literature out of the

Congressman De/w/n M. C/awson, hands of juveniles might be constiCalifornia; Congressman tutional. I hope the individual

Richard T. Hanna,

California. states will act on this.

Under a bill now pending before the Senate, a citizen may ask the

Postmaster General to order the diminished. This is, in my judgexpression, but it must certainly be sender of erotic or sexually provocment, very unfortunate, for it is in pointed out that there is a differative literature to refrain from

these fields of moral behavior that ence between liberty and license. sending any further literature, and

close and careful definitions, which If certain individuals abuse their parents can ask that a similar ordermake the application of criminal freedoms to the extent that they be entered for their children.—

statutes acceptable or even tolerharm others, they are, in effect, inable in an open society, are most fringing on the rights of others.

difficult. There cannot be true liberty for all

when license is allowed or encouraged. In this light, I am concerned

that recent Supreme Court deciNovember 1967

Q—How essential is compromise ministration. Factors reflecting I refer to those incorporated in the

in political decisionmaking? partisan politics are nearly always 13th Article of Faith: honesty,

is truthfulness, chastity, and similar Senator Bennett of Utah—The present. Then, of course, there

word "compromise"has come to the constant potential conflict virtues. In any given situation,

have a bad connotation, which it created by variations in the ineither a man tells the truth as he does not deserve. In a body like the terests of the state a senator repreknows it to be, or he does not; he

Senate, made up of a hundred men, sents, divisions of opinion with the is either honest or he is not; he is

'You cannot be a good Latterday Saint without being politically active."

each with his own background and state or party, what might be either chaste or he is not. I do not

his own opinion, any legislation, in called national interest, and the believe that it is in any way necesorder to secure the needed 51 perpersonal philosophy of government sary for a legislator to be less princent of the votes to pass, must be a senator may hold. cipled than persons engaged in

the result of compromise. SomeCongressman Burton of Utah—other callings. But—and this is the

times there is general agreement on The original meaning of "compropoint that should be understood—

the basic form of the legislation, mise,"and the one that particularly an effective legislator can and does and the compromise involves deapplies to the legislative process, is compromise with respect to certain tails. Sometimes there is headon "a settlement by arbitration or by legislative goals without doing

disagreement on the problems and consent reached by mutual concesviolence to his personal integrity.

philosophy of the legislation, and sions."As one might suspect, there Senator Cannon of Nevada—Comin that case compromise becomes is hardly any issue that comes bepromise is an absolutely necessary

more serious. fore the House of Representatives ingredient of the decisionmaking

Those who feel that "comprothat all 435 members would comprocess in a democratic form of mise"is a bad word tend to see it pletely agree upon. In truth, many government. It is the only way by

in such a phrase as "to compromise if not most of the bills that are which the needs and demands of one's principles."People who hold enacted into law are a synthesis of divergent sections of the country

that view tend to regard people varying points of view. can be satisfied. It is also the only

who do not agree with them as For my own part, I have often way by which conflicting vieweither having no principles or having surrendered them. Actually, in

my long experience in the Senate I have come to realize that when people who have this kind of an idea talk of principles, they are really talking of their selfinterest.

They are not talking about the basic aspects of character and integrity. Sometimes they are saying

that a person who does not agree with their interpretation of a situation has compromised his prinfound it necessary to vote for points can be merged in agreement.

ciples. measures that embody less than the The job of a member of Congress

The factors to be weighed in the ideal for which I may have hoped. is to view the entire problem and

inevitable compromise change with I have done this because, in my make an equitable decision as to every problem. Some are economic, judgment, the measure in question how our nation's needs can best be

some social, some matters of adrepresents the best that the House met.

would approve, and, as a practical This decision should not and matter, "half a loaf is better than need not involve an abandonment no loaf at all."of principles, but without compro-

I am certainly not unmindful, mise the governmental processes however, that there are certain could not function, and in most inabsolute values that cannot propstances legislative action could not erly be the subject of compromise. be accomplished.

Improvement Era

political life afford congressman should represent theCongressman Hansen of Idaho—Q—How does

A breakdown in the principle of new dimensions for expression of opinion of his constituency, if it is compromise—and therefore a breakpersonal integrity? possible to ascertain what the

down in good government—occurs Congressman Hansen of Idaho majority will is.

when a political party in power is Political life affords new dimenHowever, there are other situaso strong numerically that it can sions for expression of personal tions in which it is necessary to vote ride roughshod over the thoughts integrity by allowing public offione's convictions. For example, I

and opinions of its opponents withcials and aspirants to public office voted in favor of the Civil Rights out giving them due consideration. considerably more latitude than Act of 1963, which I viewed as a

they would generally experience as moral issue, in spite of the fact that

Congressman Clawson of Calieliminate thefornia—I prefer to private citizens. Because of this, it my mail was overwhelmingly in is often easy to abuse newfound opposition. On questions of laborword "political"and discuss comprivileges and immunities that may management relations, education,

promise and decisionmaking in a go with the office. Generally, howtaxation, and other controversial

general sense, inasmuch as all deciever, there is a great challenge to issues, a congressman has the resion-making involves "compromise,"an individual, who now is responsponsibility, in my opinion, of even in the councils of the Church. sible, not only to himself but also deciding what is best, and not what

The degree of toughness that one to the people he represents and to is politically expedient. After all,

holds to a position depends upon the nation, to conduct himself in a good citizens expect leadership as the issue and the factors surroundmanner above reproach and to well as representation from their ing it. weigh the issues more carefully congressmen.

I have tried to follow a strict and in greater depth before arriv- I believe this is the true test of personal guideline that when mating at decisions on them. personal integrity, and I acknowlters of judgment are involved, comedge that two persons, equallypromise is often required. If the Senator Bennett of Utah—It seems honest, might disagree on the defidecision imposes a deviation from to me that the basic principles of nition of personal integrity. For

principle (integrity, rightness, character that can be summarized example, one might decide that it honor, justice), then compromise by the phrase "personal integrity"is his responsibility to vote the cannot be countenanced. On the should apply in all activities of life, apparent desires of his constituency

federal legislative level, some of and while the pressures and tempwhile the other might decide that

Beginning at far left: it is his responsibility to vote his

Congressman George Vernon Hansen, Idaho; convictions based on honest study,

Congressman Sherman P. and to let the chips fall where they

Lloyd, Utah; Senator

Frank E. Moss, Utah; may. There is perhaps no other

Congressman John E. form of activity in which personal

California; Moss,

Morris integrity is challenged more often Congressman

K. Udall, Arizona. than in the field of politics.

you give Q—What advice would

the thousands of Latterday Saints as they enter politics on the local, city, state, and national level?

in tations a little different be factors I it coninclude: Is use may the an Senator Moss of Utah—Become

life, there are certainly political Is it in Is stitutional? it necessary? of a pohtical party! active member

the public interest? Is it within the none that are new or unique. That is the best advice I can give province of the federal governCongressman Lloyd of Utah—I beto those entering the active years

ment, or should it be at some other lieve that even good men operate governmental level? And even such within the context of their personal

a mundane factor as, "Can we afinterest, but they also recognize a ford it?"larger context. I am often asked

the question, "If your personal convictions were in conflict over the wishes of your constituency, how would you vote?"There are many

questions on which I believe the

November 1967 of citizenship. Almost every voter Saints to make valuable contribustitution. They are a trust from

sees the election in which he feels tions to our way of life. My further Providence, for the abuse of which

he must scratch his ticket, but the advice is to apply the principles of he is deeply answerable. Your reptask of governing the nation is done fairness and justice to politics in a resentative owes you, not his inlargely by our political parties. manner that will make these virtues dustry only, but his judgment; and

Those who vote only in general as meaningful in the political arena he betrays, instead of serving you, elections exert little influence for as they are in dayto-day life. And if he sacrifices it to your opinion."

either good or bad. Candidates are there is no effective substitute for Congressman Udall of Arizona—

selected and ideas put into platactive membership and participaRunning through my personal forms through mass meetings, contion in the political party of one's philosophy, and doubtless underventions, and primaries. Only choice. Only through such an orlying my approach to problems of

through them can men of integrity ganization can ideas be put into government, are fundamentals that and devotion to the public good be motion and find their expression in my church teaches and represents:

put on a ticket. Many a law or our laws. the value of the individual, the impolitical career has been germiCongressman iVIoss of California portance of man's free agency, the

nated in a meeting of a small group Be informed, fully and carefully; be belief that problems can be overof interested citizens determined to compassionate; be willing to be come with goodwill, intelligence,

move their party. If you do not unpopular if need be in order to and hard work, the vital necessity

participate, you leave to others—render service. Entering politics of our free institutions, respect for

often those with axes to grind—the with the idea of always being popauthority, and the idea that we are

determination of the future of our ular is a dangerous thing. I perour brother's keeper. By using

country. sonally have been well guided these and other teachings of the

fornia—MayCongressman I sayClawsonthat youof cannotCalithroughvice by mythe yearswordsof politicalof EdmundserbeChurch,able toLatterdaymake an Saintsimmeasurableshould

be a good Latterday Saint without Burke: "But his unbiased opinion, contribution to mankind. O

being politically active, whether or his mature judgment, his enlightnot you hold office. Read carefully ened conscience, he ought not to

the instructions in the Doctrine and sacrifice to you, to any man, or to (Note: The first response on page

Covenants regarding the selection any set of men living. These he 27—October, Part 1—is from Conof public officials. If this counsel is does not derive from your pleasure, gressmanCongressmanJohnRichardE. MossT.insteadHanna.)of

followed, then you are in politics. no, nor from the law and the ConCongressman Burton of Utah

I know of no other church that places such heavy emphasis on good citizenship as does our own.

But to make democracy really Faith work, all members of the body politic must participate in it. Every By Solveig Paulson Russell

year in thousands of school board, city council, and county commisIn late autumn woods the trees are hare, sion meetings, highly important deAnd soggy dead growth is everywhere.

cisions involving budgets of millions No bird song trills, no rabbit leaps.

of dollars are made and approved Far underground the gopher sleeps.

with scarcely any citizen interest whatsoever. This is a shame! Here is no promise of fragrant spring,

No clue to say that earth will flingSenator Cannon of Nevada—

would urge Latterday Saints to A glad new garment, fresh and green, apply the principles that they carry Over this quiet, lifeless scene.

with them through life in the conduct of their activities at every But deep in the silent roots there lies political level. These principles The making of God's planned surprise.

have been tried and tested and Here miracles of growth, tender and bold.

have enabled countless Latterday Will, in appointed time, unfold.

8 Improvement Era TheLDS Scene nightmare to an end....

Few episodes in recent history have given the country a stronger feeling of mingled pleasure and Number One Middleweight surprise."Brother Watkins Don Fullmer, No. 1 ranking middleweight boxing

now plans to write his championship contender of the World Boxing Association, memoirs. dodges blow of Teddy Wright in a tenround match held at

Weber State College, Ogden, Utah. Twentyeight-yearold

Fullmer, Explorer leader in the South Jordan Third Ward,

West Jordan, Utah, and younger brother of Gene Fullmer, former world middleweight boxing champion, won by

U.S. Indian Claims unanimous decision. He will meet Italian Sandro Mazzinghi

Commissioner Retires December 8 in an elimination bout for a chance at the championship.

Former Utah Senator Arthur V. Watkins has

retired as chief team, tied for the been American League commissioner of the Indian American League home run home run champion four

Claims Commission, an title, with 44 home runs times, once the league's appointment made by this season. Elder runsbatted-in leader, and is

President Dwight D. Home Run Champion Killebrew, a member of the 14th alltime home

Eisenhower in 1959. The Harmon Killebrew, first the Ontario (Oregon) Ward, run hitter in baseball

former Sharon (Orem, Utah) baseman for the joined the Church in with a total of 380

Stake president and Minnesota Twins baseball February 1966. He has home runs.

weekly newspaper publisher is wellknown nationally for

his contributions to water resource development and his chairmanship of the select committee to study censure charges against Senator Joseph McCarthy in 1954.

in his honor the Arthur V. Watkins Integrityin-Congress Award, to

be given each year to a deserving senator or congressman, has been established. The Washington

Post recently editorialized:

"This country is deeply grateful to Mr. Watkins. At

a time when the orderly conduct of government was Many Farms Project in grave peril from the A few of the more than 200 participating to early Mormon colonization patterns, wild and seemingly Indians who helped harvest 12 is sponsored by the Southwest Indian uncontrollable prairie fire different crops on the Church's Many Mission and is designed to teach Indians known as McCarthyism, Farms project near Chinle, Arizona, survey to cooperate and work the unassuming Senator their labors. The project, a modern together. Proceeds from the 60acre farm go

from Utah brought the community development concept similar to the project.

November 1967 9 this normal under the circumstances? In all her reading and discussion she had never explored the subjectWithin the Heart

By Ida M. Barkan of a child's grief in the face of death. How long did

a child mourn? Karen tore open the envelope and

Karen's eyes fell on the forgotten note Jody had read:

placed on the dresser the day before. "A note from "Dear Mrs. Wilson: I would appreciate your comthe teacher,"Jody had explained, withdrawing to her ing to see me at your earliest convenience—between

room and to her solitude. Karen wondered how soon 12:30 and 1:00 or after school, whichever is better for

Jody would resume her normal way of life. Or was you. Sincerely, Mary Jackson."

Your earliest convenience. Miss Jackson knew about

Art's death and would not ask for a consultation unless it was urgent. Perhaps Jody was not doing well in

Karen

10 Improvement Era arithmetic again. Art had always helped her with But Miss Jackson had no fault to find with Jody's

her problems, Karen thought. She would go to the schoolwork. "It is strange,"the teacher said, the

school today. If Jody needed help with her lessons, lines in her forehead deepening, "how the child has

she'd help her. She would have to be both father and completely withdrawn from everybody."

mother to the child. "Wouldn't you expect her to?"Karen instantly reKaren had tried to appear brave in front of Jody. gretted her impatience.

Because children were impressionable and some- "No."The teacher's eyes were wide and frank.

times had amazing memories, Karen had made an "This is your child's first experience with death. But

effort to prevent Jody from accumulating too many I have seen many children under similar circumunhappy memories of this tragic period, even if it stances. None of them have behaved this way. It

meant smiling when her heart was crying, speaking isn't natural after so many weeks. A child so young

when she wanted to weep. Jody had withdrawn usually cannot resist the surge of life. She should be

almost from the hour of her father's death, eating her out there playing with her friends, instead of broodmeals in silence, then leaving for school or for her ing by herself as she is probably doing right now."

room. But now Karen decided she would get a job; "But she was so close to her father."Karen had the

they would resume life together, the two of them. How odd feeling she was arguing with herself. Reluctant

thankful Karen was that she had Jody. She should to express her own concern at Jody's detachment, even

have adopted another child. Children should have afraid to admit it, she now agreed there was somebrothers or sisters, but Art's poor health had kept thing odd about Jody's behavior. Wouldn't you think

her from adding to his responsibilities. She smiled a child, upon losing one parent, would be drawn

faintly, a trace of joy entering her sad heart at the closer to the other?

thought of the beautiful relationship between Art and "We had a wonderful relationship with our daughJody. ter,"Karen said quietly, rising and slipping on her

Approaching the school two hours later, she recalled the homework sessions Art and Jody often had toMrs. Ida M. Barkan, wife of a cantor in the Agudas

gether. A high school teacher. Art had spent most of Achim Synagogue in San Antonio, Texas, wrote this

his adult life with children and had a deep love for story after viewing a similar incident involving a them. To Jody he had been father, teacher, adviser, friend's adopted child.

companion. Now Karen felt inadequate to fill the

many vacancies left in Jody's heart by his death.

Undoubtedly Miss Jackson would tell her that Jody was not doing her schoolwork satisfactorily. What

could one expect of a child who had recently lost a father?

felt inadequate to fill the void in Jody's heart.

November 1967 11 gloves. "Our daughter is adopted. An adopted child Karen did not remember just when she had first

is sometimes more welcome and more loved than one discussed the matter of adoption with Jody, but she born to parents. Don't you agree?"recalled one day when sixyear-old Jody, while eating

"I am sure you love your child dearly."Miss Jackher supper, asked, "Does Mrs. Norcross next door

son rose, too. "I hope you will be able to pull her have a baby growing under her heart?"

out of this appalling gloom.""Yes,"Karen said.

Appalling gloom. The words rolled over in her "Is that where I came from—inside you?"

mind as she walked home. Incredible that such a "No, darling. I adopted you, you know."

description should apply to her usually sunny, cheer- "Why didn't I grow in you?"

ful, happy child. Incredible, too, that Jody did not "For some reason a little baby couldn't grow in me.

cling to her mother these past weeks. At first, too Remember when we planted our garden—the carrots,

involved in her own grief, Karen had failed to notice. tomatoes, and peas? Some grew and some did not.

Then she tried to convince herself it was a passing Sometimes babies grow in a mamma and sometimes mood. Well, who says the teacher knew everything? not. When you did not grow in me I went to the

Some children may lose a father on one day and go institution I told you about, where there are babies out to play the next day, but not Jody. Not her whose mammas can't keep them, and I picked the

clever, intelligent, devoted Jody. prettiest, the sweetest one—you!"

But something had to be done. Should she ask "Mommy, can I have more cookies?"

directly, "Jody, why do you keep away from me?"There are times in one's life, Karen reflected, when

From the start she had used the direct approach. The memories come up that have no direct relationship

child knew that she was adopted. Karen spoke of it to the incident that brings them up. Why did she

freely, openly, and often, even though this had elicited recall the sad day when Spotty, their dog, was killed vehement criticism from some, especially from her by a car, leaving a twoweek-old litter of four? "What

friend Hattie, herself the mother of two adopted will happen to the puppies?"Jody had cried, her

children. Karen tried not to think now of Hattie, heart broken.

whose recent coolness and neglect still touched a sore "I'll send them to an institution where the people spot. When Jody had asked, "Why don't we see will take good care of the puppies until they find

Aunt Hattie any more?"Karen replied, "She moved homes for them, with families who love puppies."

away."But six blocks could hardly be called "away.""Just like me! Did the mamma who horned me

Karen still could not understand Hattie's attitude. die? Do the mammas of the 'stitution babies die, like

"But why mustn't we speak of adoption openly?"Spotty did?"

Karen had asked. "This is a problem we all have, "Not always, dear. Sometimes they do. Sometimes

those of us who have adopted children."the mammas are too sick to take care of the babies,

"It is no problem!"Hattie objected. "Yes, children and sometimes they have no daddies. A baby must

should be told. But we shouldn't bring it up at every have a daddy and a mamma to love her, to take care

opportunity! You treat this as you would any delicate of her. That's what makes a family—a daddy, a

subject. But you shouldn't constantly harp on it. I mamma, and a child."

don't care to have my children reminded often that Karen unlocked her door, entered the house, and they are adopted."knew that she would not go job hunting today. In

They did not see eye to eye, but was that reason the back of her mind, painful thoughts persisted. She

to break up a friendship? Karen had not realized had to go through Art's closet and dispose of his

how much she missed her friend until Hattie came to clothes. Each time she thought of it she couldn't

visit her after Art's death. If Karen hoped they would bring herself to go to the closet. But she'd have to do

resume their former relationship, she was wrong. it. Perhaps tomorrow, after Jody left for school.

Days were followed by weeks and Hattie did not She must not let Jody see her in distress. Jody must

come again. see her calm and brave. Karen must do her crying

during the nights, with face pressed into her pillow.

At Art's desk she picked up the cards of condolence she had not yet acknowledged. Ten years of teaching in one school added up to a great many students,

and Art's affection for his students had resulted in unending friendship with them. She picked up a

card, but instead of the words on it she saw her daughter's sad face. How could Karen pull Jody out

12 Improvement Era of her depression? Troubled, she gazed, through the She forced herself to Art's desk, answering the conwindow until her eyes rested on her next door neighdolence acknowledgments until it grew dark. Time to

bor, Mrs. Norcross, heavy with child, walking toward get dinner ready. She put two steaks in the broiler,

her fouryear-old son in the yard. With a halfformed set two places at the kitchen table, and glanced

thought Karen left her desk and crossed the path to through the window to see whether Jody was coming.

Mrs, Norcross. Hesitantly, she briefly outlined her The yard was empty. She fixed a salad in the wooden

problem, and together they conspired to get Jody bowls that Jody enjoyed and glanced out again.

out of the house that afternoon. "I hope it works,"Undecided, she reached on the shelf for a package of

Mrs. Norcross said. instant mashed potatoes, then determinedly put it

"Thank you for your willingness to try."back and left the kitchen to go next door. She must

She now stood by the window, watching Jody not appear distraught. Slowly she crossed the path

strolling down the street until Mrs. Norcross called that connected the two houses. She knocked, then

to her. The two "exchanged some words, and with a entered the kitchen. Mrs. Norcross was seated in a

smile Jody hastened toward her home. rocker, reading to her son.

"Mamma,"Jody said, "Mrs. Norcross wants me to "Where is Jody?"Karen asked.

take care of Paul. She is tired and wants to lie down. "Isn't she with you? She left about 30 minutes

May I?"ago."

"Of course. Have your milk first."A wave of apprehension crept over Karen. She

At the table Karen closely studied Jody's face, which half turned toward the door, then wheeled back, starslowly started losing its animated look, assuming the ing at Mrs. Norcross. "She never goes anywhere

brooding, unhappy expression that had covered it for without telling me."

over a month. "Do women always get tired when "She may have stopped with some neighbor."Mrs.

they are going to have babies?"Norcross tried to sound hopeful. "Why don't you ask?

"Most of the time."Oh. ask more questions, Karen I'd go, but..."

thought to herself. Say something, anything! Don't "That's all right. I'll go right away."

loithdraiv from me, my darling! She rang the bell of one neighbor and the next one,

"I remember. Mamma, when Mrs. Norcross was until she had inquired in all the eight houses on both

going to have Paul, and you told me the baby was sides of her street. She finally dragged herself back

under her heart."toward her own home, thinking that now she must

"Yes. That's where babies grow."

Jody rose slowly and headed toward the door.

Without a word or backward glance, she left. Karen

looked after her, unhappy, confused, at a complete loss. What has happened to my child? She avoids

me! She distrusts me!

'This is a problem we all have—those of us who have

adopted children."

November 1967 13 call the police. In front of her house she saw a worsince I have two adopted children already, I could

ried Mrs. Norcross waiting for her. have three."

"She's not there/'Karen said, tonelessly. As she "I don't understand. I don't understand at all!"

slowly walked to the door, she heard the telephone "I do—now. Jody will tell you. I think you'll do

ringing. She dashed to answer. better to talk it over without me. And why don't you

"Karen?... This is Hattie."come over for lunch tomorrow. It's been a long time,

"Yes?"Happy as she was to hear from Hattie, this Karen."

was no time for social calls. Karen hurried to Jody's room, feeling more unsure

"Jody is here."of herself than she had since she was a child. Jody

Her knees buckled but she forced her voice to was sitting on the edge of her bed, fumbling at the sound normal. "I couldn't imagine where she had ribbons on her new nightie.

gone. I'll be right over for her.""Jody,"she said, seating herself beside the child and

"I'll bring her to you, if that's all right. Tom is trying to keep the hurt out of her voice. "Why did

home and I can leave now."you run away from our home?"

Karen placed the receiver on its cradle and eased "'Cause I didn't want to go back to the institution,"herself into the chair. Inert, her strength leaving her, she cried. "You're not going to send me back, are you?

she sat in the quiet, dark house, trying to get her Aunt Hattie said you never would."

thoughts in order. No amount of thinking could Brushing a hand across her stinging eyes, Karen

explain why Jody had gone to Hattie. A gentle knock asked: "Why should I?"

on the door brought her to her feet. Mrs. Norcross "You told me,"Jody spoke falteringly, "that the

was at the door. mother who gave birth to me gave me away because

"Your house was still dark. I wondered..."she had no daddy for me. Now my daddy is dead,

"Jody is at a friend's home. My old friend, Hattie and I didn't grow under your heart. I thought, if I

Scott."could stay with Aunt Hattie, because she has adopted

"Scott? That's the name Jody asked me to look up children too—I'd still be close to you. And I could

in the telephone directory. Then she wanted to know still see you sometimes."

where Briggs Street was. She didn't know it was only "Jody! Jody, baby!"Karen was on her knees, arms

six blocks away."wrapped about the child. "Whatever gave you such an

"Mrs. Scott moved there recently. We hadn't been idea?"

to her home yet."She started to cry. But Jody needed reassurance

She turned the porch light on for Mrs. Norcross and now, not tears.

was glad to be alone again, groping for the elusive "You had a daddy. For ten years you had him.

threads of thoughts that might weave some pattern When you were a little baby, a tiny one, you needed into this maze of confusion. Six blocks would not a daddy to help bring you up. He brought you up

take long to cover, and soon they would be here and beautifully, better than any other daddy could have

Karen would know all. Her impatience was mingled done. I know you'll always remember the daddy who

with misgivings. Alerted to their footsteps, she was helped make you what you are. Give you away? I

at the door and on the porch before they reached the need you, darling, more than I ever did. We've lost

first step. Under the light she saw that Jody had daddy. We can't lose each other, too. What would I

been crying and that Hattie's eyes, too, were misty. want to live for, without you?"

"Jody, darling!"She drew the child to her. "I've Karen felt two little hands, one pressing on each of

been so worried!"her cheeks. She saw two large, misted blue eyes

"Karen, Jody had a little snack."Hattie's voice had staring questioningly into her own eyes. "You love

a sound of urgency. "Don't you think she ought to go me that much... even if I did not grow under your

to her room and get undressed now?"heart?"

"A good idea,"Karen said. "Put on the new nightie "More, darling. More. You didn't grow under my

and show Aunt Hattie how pretty it is."With Jody heart—you grew in it, so very, very deep in my heart,

out of the room she turned to Hattie, anguish in her and I love you more than anything in the world!"

eyes. "What happened?"Suddenly the child began to sob, the sounds of a

"I don't know how to put it to you gently. She dam finally broken by the force of pentup emotions.

simply appeared at my door saying she had run away "Oh, Mommy!"she cried.

and asking if she could live with me."With Jody cradled in her arms, Karen found her

"What—are you saying?"own tears finally flowing freely, and she murmured,

"I was just as surprised as you. Jody said that "My little girl—my darlingest treasure!"O

14 Improvement Era Jesus took bread, and blessed it, and brake it, andThe Presiding Bishop gave it to the disciples, and said. Take, eat; this is

my body.Speaks About "And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave

it to them, saying. Drink ye all of it;The Sacrament "For this is my blood of the new testament, which

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg is shed for many for the remission of sins."(Matt.

26:2628.) Today, following the restoration of this ordinance, the Savior has authorized the bearers of his priesthood ould you go back with to act in his stead in blessing these sacred emblems.

me to that first sacrament In this dispensation, young men perform the samemeeting in which the WMaster presided. Before this function with regard to the sacrament as did the

meeting, the Savior knew that his great suffering and Savior; it is a sacred responsibility and trust.

sacrifice was now but a few short hours away, and You young men who bear this responsibility, do you so he gathered to him the men who had walked with administer, prepare, and pass the sacrament with the him for the three years of his ministry—the men whom thought in mind that you are literally performing the

he loved so dearly. These last peaceful moments same functions as the Savior did? And does this

he wanted to share with them, even though he knew thought assist you deacons in keeping reverent that one of them had already bargained for his life, throughout sacrament meeting, and in passing the and that the others would, as he stated, "be offended sacrament with dignity and respect? With this

because of me this night."(Matt. 26:31.) thought, are you teachers more conscious of being

What he was to accomplish that night and in the prompt, in having the sacrament prepared well in ensuing hours was beyond their immediate compreadvance of the beginning of the meeting? And do

hension. Yet the Master realized how greatly his you priests feel a special responsibility as you call

sacrifice was to affect them and all who had lived or upon the Father in solemn prayer while administering ever would live upon the earth. And thus, to cause these sacred emblems on behalf of all assembled?

the apostles and all of the people of his Church to The responsibility with the sacrament isn't limited reflect seriously and periodically on the events that to the sacrament table or the chapel—it reaches into

were shortly to transpire, the Savior introduced the every moment of our lives. A person must be worthy

sacrament. It was a very sacred ordinance, so sacred not only to partake of the sacrament, but priesthood

that it was instituted by the Master himself. It was bearers must also be worthy before they can parprepared and blessed by the Savior during that first ticipate in this sacred ordinance. President McKay

sacrament meeting. referred to this as he addressed the body of priestMatthew records this event with these words: "... hood bearers at a general conference. With regard to

the sacrament, he said, "I strongly urge that this sacred ordinance be surrounded with more reverence,

A new with perfect order; that each one who comes to the

House of God may meditate upon, and silently and series begins, prayerfully -express appreciation for God's goodness.

It is up to you bishops to see to it that the sacrament featuring is administered only by boys and young men who are worthy to attend to this sacred ordinance, and that it counsel from is done reverently, with a full understanding of its significance to them and to the audience."

the Presiding From these words of our Prophet, it is clear that the Lord guards this right of handling the sacrament

Bishop to the and views it as a sacred privilege. Each young man

who holds the priesthood has the responsibility of youth of the living worthy to participate in this ordinance. And

bishops will need to rely on their Aaronic Priesthood

Church. quorum presidencies in the determination of the weekby-week worthiness of these young men.

The sacrament is a wonderful, sacred ordinance

November 1967 15—it's not just the passing or administering of bread and would that I might not drink the bitter cup, and

and water. It's a priesthood function, and as such, shrink—

it carries with it a grave responsibihty. The Old Testa- "Nevertheless, glory be to the Father, and I partook

ment tells us of a man called Uzza who was struck and finished my preparations unto the children of dead for carelessness in carrying out his instruction men."(D&C 19:1619.)

concerning the sacred possessions contained in the Ark When we partake of the sacrament, it is this great of the Covenant. It is just as grave an offense for a contribution he has made to our lives that we should

priesthood bearer today to fail to understand the keep foremost in our minds.

sacred nature of the sacrament to which he is attend- 'Through the sacrament, members of the Church ing. For a better understanding of the sacredness recommit and refocus their lives. President McKay

of the sacrament, let's look a little closer at its meaning. said this about partaking of the sacrament: "What

Shortly after Jesus introduced the sacrament in the a strength there would be in this Church if next meeting to which we previously referred, he walked Sunday every member who partakes of the sacrato a small wooded area called Gethsemane, and there ment would sense the significance of the covenant he commenced the greatest of all sacrifices for you made in that ordinance; if every member were willand me. In the garden, on the cross, and culminating ing to take upon him the name of the Son, to be a

with the rising from the tomb, the Savior brought the true Christian, to be proud of it, and always to reresurrection to all mankind and an escape from the member him in the home, in business, in society, spiritual death brought about by our sins, for those always remember him and keep his commandments who would qualify through repentance and baptism. that he has given them. How comprehensive the

It is difficult to truly envision all that he has done. blessing, and how significant the covenant we make

But without his great sacrifice, life would be without each Sabbath day."

hope or purpose. To further understand his suffering Young men of the Aaronic Priesthood, you who are

and sacrifice, let's read his own words: "For behold, charged with the responsibility of the, sacrament,

I, God, have suffered these things for all, that they study its meaning, its sacredness, and the sacred remight not suffer if they would repent; sponsibility that comes with this great privilege. O

"But if they would not repent they must suffer even as I; "Which suffering caused myself, even God, the greatest of all, to tremble because of pain, and to bleed at every pore, and to suffer both body and spirit—

For behold, L God, have suffered these things for all, that they might not suffer if they would repent."(D&C 19:16)

chRistmas At desecet Book Delight friends and relatives with choice books that express the spirit of Christmas so appropriately!

1. MAN MAY KNOW FOR 5. MEET THE MORMONS 11. DOCTRINAL COMMENTARY

HIMSELF by Doyle and Randall Green $2.95 ON THE PEARL OF GREAT

by President David 0. McKay $4.95 A colorful and profusely illustrated PRICE

beliefs practo the introduction by and Andrus Dr. Hyrum $4.95 this Middlemiss, by ClareCompiled

.. tices. and to of the Church its memof Scholarly doctrinal analysis the of President McKay'snewest volume world. the bers throughout of Price. Pearl scriptures of Great The is full of andteachings encouragement

hope—and is a positive guide to more 6. Spanish language edition. $3.95 Essential for all students of the gospel.

fruitful living.

7. THE MAKING OF A

PROPHET 12. THE BOOK OF MORMON

2. A MORE EXCELLENT WAY by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis $2.95 STORY

Parrish Mary Pratt IVIaxwell by Neal $5.95by

of the Prophet early years Joseph $2.95 The Illustrations Ronald Crosby by outstanding book on the developAn in fas- a thrilling related and are Smith

ment of personal qualities of leadercinating book that young people will The exciting drama of Ancient America ship so essential to successful living. really enjoy. Richly illustrated. related in skillfully selected stories

from the Book of Mormon. Magnificently illustrated in color.

8. SINCE CUMORAH

3. THE PRIMARY CHILDREN'S by Dr. Hugh Nibley $4.95HOSPITAL $1.50

that evidences have emerged New 13. LET'STALK of experithe heartShare warming some Scrolls, to confirm Sea from the Dead by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis $2.95 staff patients of the andences of in the truths contained of this the Book

unique institution. A testimony to faith, Mormon. A medical doctor looks at social, moral,

courage, and devoted service. and spiritual problems which confront

us today. He deals forthrightly with

9. YOU AND YOUR CHILD'S use of drugs, smoking, glue sniffing,

4. KEY TO 4APPINESS WORLD alcohol, heart attacks, sexual freedoms

by Beatrice M. Sparks $3.95 by Dr. Elliott D. Landau $3.95 of the day, food fadism, and many

Written to high school and college girls, Insight into the problems and behavior other timely subjects. Most important

this book contains the secrets that of your children, based on Dr. Landau's reading!

make life a happy and rewarding exbrilliant radio talks.

perience. Foreword by Laraine Day. 10. Paperbound edition $2.95

LD.S. CHURCH BOOKS OF FAITH AND INSPIRATION

15. HIGHLIGHTS IN THE LIFE OF DAVID 0. McKAY

By Jeanette McKay Morrell $4.95

Precious moments from an exemplary life as recorded by a loving sister. 16. CHERISHED EXPERIENCES

From the Writings of President David 0. IVlcKay $3.00

compiled by Clare Middlemiss Rewarding reading that will inspire the soul with an insight into the life of this great leader.

17. ANCIENT APOSTLES

by David 0. McKay $2.95

Inspirational retelling of the lives of the various apostles of

Jesus's time.

18. TREASURES OF LIFE

compiled by Clare Middlemiss $4.95

The wisdom of David 0. McKay lights up the pages of this book,

and will be a guide and comfort to many.

19. HOME MEMORIES OF PRESIDENT DAVID 0.

McKAY compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay $2.95

A heartwarming and instructive recollection that will encourage

Latterday Saints in their duties as parents, and as husband and wife, 20. CONTINUING THE QUEST

by President Hugh B. Brown $3.95

The goal of eternal life is not easily attained, but President

Brown's book testifies to the value of faith and prayerful action in pursuing that goal.

21. TAKE HEED TO YOURSELVES

by President Joseph Fielding Smith $4.95

A warning voice that urges the members of the Church to observe the laws of the gospel, so that they might enjoy its rewards.

ANSWERS TO GOSPEL QUESTIONS

by President Joseph Fielding Smith

All vols. $2.95 each.

This series of questions and answers on a wide variety of gospel questions will give you great insight into many aspects of the gospel not discussed elsewhere.

22.-V0I 1 / 23.-V0I. 2 / 24.-V0I. 3 / 25.-V0I. 4 / 26.-V0I. 5

(please quote numbers of all volumes wanted)

27. WHY THE RELIGIOUS LIFE

by Mark E. Petersen $3.95

A convincing argument for conducting your life in accordance with God's commands.

28. OUR MORAL CHALLENGE

by Mark E. Petersen $2.95

A forthright discussion of the moral problems faced by LDS teens today, and how they can be overcome by positive action.

29. AS TRANSLATED CORRECTLY

by Mark E. Petersen $2.50

A definitive statement of why the King James Version is particularly cherished by Latterday Saints.

MAKE THIS A RECORD CHRISTMAS

30. THE BOOK OF MORMON in Living Sound

$49.95 plus $1.50 postage

The complete scriptural text ot The Book of Mormon is dramatically portrayed on 36 longplay records. Bring the truths of this

book of scripture into your home this Christmas in living sound!

31. PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

$9.95 plus $.40 postage

Now you can enjoy the complete Pearl of Great Price on four longplay records in a colorful album.

TABERNACLE CHOIR ALBUMS ARE IDEAL

CHRISTMAS GIFTS All Tabernacle Choir albums, stereo or monaural, are $5.78 each, plus.l5 postage if ordering by mail.

32. THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR SINGS

CHRISTMAS CAROLS 15 joyous Christmas carols performed with all the beauty of the Tabernacle Choir and Organ.

33. THE JOY OF CHRISTMAS

Leonard Bernstein conducts the New York Philharmonic with the

Tabernacle Choir singing 16 alltime Christmas favorites.

Newest Choir Album!

34. OLD BELOVED SONGS

Here are the old favorites that you will enjoy listening to year after year. Includes "Annie Laurie,""I Need Thee Every Hour,"

"Sweet and Low,"and many other timeless treasures.

New This Year!

35. BEETHOVEN: THE NINTH SYMPHONY

Eugene Ormandy and the Philadelphia Orchestra join the Tabernacle Choir in a performance of the Ninth, or "Chorale"Symphony, now complete for the first time on one longplay record.

36. THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR'S

GREATEST HITS Here are the songs that have made the Tabernacle Choir worldfamous, including "Battle Hymn of the Republic."

37. THE LORD IS MY SHEPHERD

Includes "The Lord Is My Shepherd,""Abide With l\?le, tis Eventide,""God So Loved the World,"and 10 other favorites.

38. GOD BLESS AMERICA

Includes "God Bless America,""Battle Cry of Freedom,""The

Battle Hymn of the Republic,"and other stirring patriotic songs.

39. THIS LAND IS YOUR LAND

Favorite folk songs of the land including "Shenandoah,""Deep

River,""I Wonder As I Wander,"and many others.

40. A MIGHTY FORTRESS

Deeply moving spiritual songs, including "How Firm A Foundation,""A Mighty Fortress Is Our God,"and others.

41. BLESS THIS HOUSE

Sacred chorus numbers to inspire all, including "The King of

Glory,"with Jessie Evans Smith as soloist, and others.

42. THE LORD'S PRAYER (No. 1)

Eleven of the choir's most popular sacred numbers, including "The Lord's Prayer,""0 My Father,""How Great the Wisdom and the Love,"and others.

BOOKS SAY MERRY CHRISTMAS BEST!

BOOKS BY RICHARD L EVANS CHOICE BOOKS FOR CHILDREN 50. TEACH ME

Compilations of the very popular radio NEW! by Dorthea C. Murdock $3.50

talks given by Elder Evans. These gems 47. ALBUM OF NORTH A volume of wonderful things to do

will illuminateof insight and enrich AMERICAN BIRDS written for mothers with young children.

relationyour understanding of man's ship to God and to his fellow man. by Clark Bronson and Vera Dugdale

Inspirational. Vividly illustrated. (Not shown here). POCKET CHRISTMAS BOOKS

$3.95 plus 20c postage

J Stewart John each $1.25 OF NORTH by ALBUM43. AN OPEN DOOR $3.00 48. Joyful and happy tales that capture ANIMALS AMERICAN

the Christmas message.

by Clark Bronson and Vera Dugdale 44. THOUGHTS FOR Exquisite drawings of wildlife by a

100 DAYS $3.00 master artist with matching text. 51. FOR GOD SO LOVED THE

$3.95 plus 20c postage WORLD

45. FAITH, PEACE AND 49. $2.95 TELL PLEASE ME 52. THE MIRACLES OF $4.00PURPOSE J. Stanley Schoenfeid and by Elizabeth CHRISTMAS

All the answers to those persistent 46. FAITH IN THE questions young people ask about the

FUTURE $3.00 Church. 53. THE GIFTS OF CHRISTMAS

OeeretCOMPANY Book Enclosed please find check, money order, or

AT MALL COTTONWOOD 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND account, please charge for $ my established

CITY SALT LAKE for from the have copied the items numbers I whose 2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA catalog. I have added postage where indicated.

Residents of Utah ordering from Utah stores please add 3V2% sales tax. Residents of California ordering

ORDER FROM from Orange store please add 5% sales tax.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY Name 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Towne & Country, 777 South Main, Orange California Address 92669 City & State Zip rose.'"(Journal Hisas the future 'blossom year, raised? Earlier that as the

p. 2.) a tory, 10, Aug. 1848, bright, there been LestWe Forget solookedthat lifesustaining crops could be make her hitherto unknown solitudes had

'he custom of givscourge by the crickets and the longAs the evening's light disappeared

I ining thanks to Deity tobe-remembered deliverance by the into the west and the more vigorous for the blessings of the year is almost sea gulls. saints continued dancing, others visited

as old as known history. Three thouAt last the harvests were in, and a together, recalling similar days at

sand persons witnessed the Jewish harvest feast was held August 10, 1848, Winter Quarters and "back home in

Feast of the Tabernacles, complete with under the bowery in the center of the New England"where many had first its rituals, choirs, and festivities at Old Fort, now Pioneer Park. Everyone heard the gospel and, believing, had

the time of the harvest. Thankfulness was invited, and everyone able to be cast their lot with the Church. The

and thanksgiving are recurrent themes there was there! consensus was probably that this first

of the scriptures. In the words of Elder Parley P. thanksgiving in the valley was "the

The ancient Greeks and Romans Pratt: "... we partook freely of a rich best ever."

had such a season, too, but it is said variety of bread, beef, butter, cheese, And may each thanksgiving be "the that they gave thanks for the victorious cakes, pastry, green corn, melons, and best ever"now—as blessings are rebattles over enemies, for contests that almost every variety of vegetables. counted, determinations renewed, eterpuffed and flattered their pride, and for Large sheaves of wheat, rye, barley, nal goals reset, as we "in every thing

materia! good fortune. Ancient times oats, and other productions were give thanks...."(1 Thess. 5:18.) O

of thanksgiving were known among hoisted on poles for public exhibition, natives of the South Seas. and there was prayer and thanksgiving,

In England thanksgiving was a harcongratulations, songs, speeches, muvest festival, and the struggling sic, dancing, smiling faces, and merry colonists of the New World saw the hearts. In short, it was a great day

hand of Providence in their daily acts. with the people of these valleys, and

Among the early thanksgivings in long to be remembered by those who

America was one held by the sturdy had suffered and waited anxiously for people of Newfoundland in 1578. The the results of a first effort to redeem

shortlived Popham colony at the the interior deserts of America, and to

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

mouth of Maine's Kennebec River knew thanksgiving in 1607, and the Pilgrims of Plymouth marked December 20, 1620, "for safe deliverance from the perils of the sea, for the goodly land awaiting..., and for the birth of a

son to one Susannah White, December 19."Governor Bradford in 1621 called

what is usually regarded as the first thanksgiving in the United States.

The year 1848—the first complete

year in the Salt Lake Valley—was a

year of work, testing, and contemplation for the saints. Would God answer

their prayers, tempering the elements

November 1967 21

Wrap upjour sHoppmg ew6/

1. THE QUEST FOR EXCELLENCE 10. TRUE TO THE FAITH 20. MORMON DOCTRINE

by Sterling W. Sill by David 0. McKay by Bruce R. McConkie

A new and stimulating collection of short stories The sermons and writings of President David 0. A summary of all of the fundamental doctrines

and essays especially selected by Brother Sill to McKay. Inspired spiritual counsel from the pen of the gospel in brief outline form. Ideal for

build character and leadership. $3.75 of a prophet. A welcome addition to every LDS personal study, priesthood classes, gospel study

library. $3.95 and missionary work. $6.95

2. AN OPEN DOOR

by Richard L. Evans 11. THE LONG ROAD, 21. LIFE EVERLASTING

Inspiring reading that leads the reader through From Vermont to Carthage by Duane S. Crowther

the spiritual doorways that make up our dayto- by S. Dilworth Young A comprehensive look at the estate of man. Subday life. $3.00 The eloquent verse of Brother Young captures jets discussed include the spirit world, life after

death, and experiences of reliable documented oftall of of the the excitement and meaning VICTORY, Israel's Rendezvous 3. FANTASTIC

individuals with spirit beings. $4.50 of AbsorbSmith."told story Joseph the Prophet

Destiny with by W. Cleon Skousen ing reading. $2.50 22. THE CONSTITUTION BY A THREAD

A penetrating account of Israel's recent miracle 12. THE TEN MOST WANTED MEN by Richard Vetterii

war including a sweeping history of the Jews by Paul Dunn A book of great dedication that speaks out confrom 1,000 B.C. to the present. An instructive look at the ten most desirable vincingly in support of the spiritual and moral

Special 2 for 1 offer includes a regular $2.95 traits of leadership. Aptly illustrated with stirprinciples upon which our American Republic

copy of Cleon Skousen's national best seller, ring examples of these qualities in everyday life. was founded. $4.75

"The Naked Communist."

$3.95 23. THE FOURTH THOUSAND YEARS Package Offer $3.75

13. INSPIRATIONAL VERSE FOR by W. Cleon Skousen

4. CHRISTMAS READINGS FOR THE LATTERDAY SAINTS, Vol. II The dramatic sweep of Biblical events from the

LDS FAMILY Calvin T. Broadhead by to of Christ. Nearly of David time 900 pages

Bickerstaff by George reading. excelcarefully collection of poetry and meaningful An and memorable compiled A

Heartwarming stories m the true Christmas spirit, verse appropriate for Church talks and lessons. lent reference for teaching and study. $6.95

carefully selected for reading and listening Hundreds of poems indexed by subject for easy pleasure. Will genuinely appeal to the entire reference. Volume II $2.50 24. THE CHURCH AND THE NEGRO

family. $1.50 by John Lund

14. Also available, Volume I $2.50

the the status of Pertinent Negro questions on 5. LIFE THE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL 15. in in a direct, are ANSWERS TO BOOK OF MORMON Church answered the LDS

Orson F. Whitney by QUESTIONS from Includes concise manner. Church comments

The powerful and inspiring biography of one of (Formerly "Problems of the Book of Mormon") leaders and Negroes who are Latterday Saints.

the greatest men the Church has produced. Now by Sidney C. Sparry $2.50

in its third printing by popular demand. $4.00 One of the most complete references on the 25. A PROMISED LAND FOR A PROMISED

VALLEY 6. THE OF TOMORROW largedBook ofwithMormon.stimulatingCompletelynew material.revised and$3.50enbyPEOPLEDean R. Zimmerman Allred by Gordon

Israel on timely and interesting A commentary 16. FOR AN LDS MOTHER THOUGHTS spiritual experiof story exciting profound An

in relating East current to Middle the events Elizabeth Schoenfeld in is life bestselling to this brought ence LDS by offjust Fascinating prophecy. reading modern

for teenagers. novel. Excellent reading $3.50 especially ideas verse Thoughts, compiled and press. the $1.00

for LDS mothers. Interesting and inspiring read-

7. YOU, TOO, REMEMBER ing gathered from some of our finest literature. 26. HIS SERVANTS 5PEAK

by Albert L. Zobell

17. FAITH OF A SCIENTIST 5175 by R. Wayne Shute

Poems, quotes and anecdotes on a wide range by Henry Eyring This outstanding collection of excerpts from interest of subjects. Excellent material to add all of the Genservices devotional quotes BYU true science that true proof religion and Dramatic for to quick Indexed and lessons. Church talks of moral and eral range Authorities on a wide Fasciin complete harmony. function do and reference. $1.25 can $2.50 spiritual subjects. reading. nating $3.00

8. MISSIONARY HELPS 18. ACCORDING TO YOUR FAITH

by Robert W. Daynes by Emma Marr Petersen

An interesting and instructive text to help both An exciting and inspiring LDS novel based on new and experienced missionaries improve their Christian ideals and morality. Interesting and

performance in the mission field. $1.00 rewarding reading for all Latterday Saint teenagers. $2.25

9. HIS MANY MANSIONS 19. MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS

by Rulon S. Howells by B. H. Roberts

A factfilled doctrinal comparison of the many The courageous story of Mormon suffering in churches in Christendom. This exceptionally useMissouri. A moving portrayal of mob outrage

ful reference has been revised with new and met by quiet heroism and noble sacrifice for pertinent information. $2.95 truth. $3.50 Turn page for more gift ideas. - pi'

tficTfiouafliCjfis iat express

true C/irtsimas. rmanm of

27. GOLDEN NUGGETS OF THOUGHT, Vol. I 40. FASCINATING WOMANHOOD 61. PROPHECY, KEY TO THE FUTURE

28. GOLDEN NUGGETS OF THOUGHT, VoL II by Helen B. Andelin $4.95 by Duane Crowther $3.95

29. GOLDEN NUGGETS OF THOUGHT, Vol. Ill 41. BIGGER THAN YOURSELF 62 FAITH WORKS

30. GOLDEN NUGGETS OF THOUGHT, VoL IV by Wendell J. Ashton $3.25 by Mark E. Petersen $3.50

by Ezra Marler COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY OF THE of brief thoughts, wide range but meaningful A six volumes CHURCH, 1LU5nc tccmapcdcI ttrJAbtno into four pictculMo rnorUK compiled that you volumes will use by B. H. Roberts To order, specify:

of inspiraagain. A again wonderful source and

Volume 'II, 44. Volume III, --63. IF,r,I w..-nWERE..IN..MY -.-.TEENS for tion talks lessons. and $1.25 each 42. Volume I, 43.

31 STORY WISDOM '"'"""''""'"""''"'"""'""""""'Improvement Era $2.00

32. TALK CAPSULES 54.50 each 64. IF I WERE YOU

33. THOUGHTS FOR TALKS 48. THE ABUNDANT LIFE Presiding Bishop's Office $2.25

by Albert L Zobell "y ""Sli. Brown $3.95 ETERNITY

Three different books that offer a wealth of excel- ''49. FAMILY STORAGE PLAN by Mark E. Petersen $2.00

lent material to help you add interest to Church by Bob R. Zabriskle $1.50

talks and lessons. $1.25 each 66. YOUNG BRIGHAM YOUNG

JJ"I.''"*cI'''"'by W. Cleon Skousen coc$3.95 by S. Dilworth Young $2.00 34. GOD PLANTED A TREE

TIMES ""THEIR TO 35. LETTER MY DAUGHTER 51. THIRD jHE THOUSAND YEARS

Era From'"'fthe Improvement $1.95 $5.95 36. LETTER TO Cieon by W. MY SON Skousen

by Ora Pate Stewart 52. HOW TO PRAY AND STAY AWAKE 68. WHAT SHALL WE DO WITH LOVE

Perennial best sellers from the pen of a widely by Max Skousen $1.75 by Ernest Eberhard, Jr. $3.25

read author. $1.25 each 53. JUST TO ILLUSTRATE

lni\jv TOOTQ I by '"R'''''''53.25 GIFT BOOKS FOR CHILDREN

ENCYCLOPEDIA, REFERENCE 69. BOOK STORIES FOR OF MORMON i ni R. Brooks by Melvm LATTERDAY SAINTS YOUNG 1 he EnduringJ- 1 Giftr'i.t| LDSI

I 54. $5.00 Volume Marr Petersen by Emma $3.25

38. GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH ESSENTIALS ""'"'""*'':'70. BIBLE STORIES FOR YOUNG

by Norman E. Wright and David H. Pratt MESSAGES OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY, LATTERDAY SAINTS

A concise, factfilled reference covering all by James R. Clark by Emma Marr Petersen $3.25

facets of the of genealogy compiled by two,. most cp6. wVolume 71. STORIES OF THE BIBLE FOR LDS 1I n$4.50m authorities respected in the field. Includes many

examples, photos and charts. $3.50 57. Volume II $4.50 CHILDREN

III $4.50 by Jane Lund $2.50 39. MELVIN J. BALLARD - Crusader for 58. Volume

Righteousness 59. ARE YOU MORMONS IGNORAMUSES? 72. STORIES OF JESUS FOR LDS CHILDREN A stalwart of Mormonism,.,,,Melvm J. Ballard by Stephen G. Morgan $395 by Jane Lund $2.25

gained stature as a speaker, missionary and accomplished singer. This outstanding biography 60. PATHWAYS TO HAPPINESS 73. THE STORY OF LIFE FOR LDS CHILDREN

also includes many of his inspiring sermons. by David 0. McKay $3.95 by Jane Lund and Nancy Menlove $2.50

$3.50 B00KCRAFl"TTf6 South Main Street Salt Lake City, JlanPP gy MAIL OR FROM

I order in the enclosed check have or money amount of $ (Residents of utah add avx sales tax.) ILUonC RnnifCTHRrDUUIVolUKt Please send vnilRYUUK KIPADRYNtAKbT in circled giving the following book(s): time for Christmas

] \ 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15

16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30

31 32 33 34 35 36 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45

46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60

61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73

Name

Address '.

City, State, Zip Best of Movies By Howard Pearson

f-,0'; '''''CJcdv

tctvai,'-- '\ Ivan Tors, who is being characterized in the movie and television industry as the successor to

Walt Disney in production of family movies, presents a delightful film in Gentle Giant.

This has outdoor excitement, \ warmth, humor, and other human values that should appeal to every iVf member of the family.

By now, the television series that was patterned after ii—Gentle

Ben—has been seen in millions of

homes. In fact, the film actually

was the pilot on which the TV series was sold.

Gentle Giant tells the story of a sevenyear-old boy who, while playing in a forest preserve, sees poachers kill a mother bear and kidnap the animal's cub. The boy

sees where the poachers take the cub; he watches it grow into a giant

adult animal that is mistreated by the poachers. Feeling sorry for the

bear, the boy wants his parents to buy it from the poachers. / Prophet After obtaining the animal, the

A new and vital record album for every L,D.S. boyadventures.runs intoHis afatherseriesalsoofobtainsmisfamily, in honor of President David O. McKay a job as a game warden in Florida's

on his birthday. Hear the Prophet's voice in wilderness area. The bear, meanthese latter days, with words of inspiration on while, has been released in the Everglades, but the boy is eventuthe Home, the Individual, Spirituality, ally reunited with his pet.

Liberty, Marriage, the Restored Gospel and Little Clinton Howard is the boy many other topics. in Gentle Giant, as is he also in the TV series. Dennis Weaver, whose

Order your album for $3.95 postpaid directly father image is one of the nicest

from Division of Communication Services, in the entertainment industry be- a good has been such he Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, cause life, is in the Hollywood example 84601. Also available through many local father. Vera Miles is the mother

L.D.S. book dealers.

26 Improvement Era Conoco dealers get solid support in And it's typical of the downthe- trafficbuilding assist from the hotthe highprofit TBA area. It begins line backing our dealers enjoy. Valutest advertising idea in the business.

with products engineered to have a able technical and management The Hottest Brand Going is now in builtin competitive edge—making counsel is theirs for the asking, orbit, flashing through the skies on

the selling job easier. along with employee training, proTV, billboards, newspaper, radio,

Example: Conoco's heavy duty motional and merchandising help, direct mall, pointof-purchase. This

and extraheavy duty batteries carry TBA programs, financing, premidramatic spaceage concept is pro- a full 3-year guarantee. Firstyear ums, and good willbuilding Tourmoted by one of the biggest ad

replacement is free. The charge for aide travel service. Not to mention, budgets in Conoco history.

replacement during the next two of course, a full product line famous A forwardlooking businessman years is on a pro rata basis, covering for Its quality. would get his service station In orbit

only the months battery was in servConoco dealers get something right along with the Hot One. Sound

ice. It's a persuasive sales point. else—an excitementgenerating. like anyone you know?

Ride the Hot One CONOCO...

Hottest Brand Going

1967 Continental Oil Company

November 1967 27 the soun6 way of leApninq in the movie, but she isn't in the are delighted with Julie Andrews,

Everyone learns more, faster by TV series. Carol Channing, and Mary Tyler

hearing the gospel in living sound Other films that should appeal Moore, as well as the songs;

to all members of families include Palaces of a Queen, a documentary

Walt Disney's The Happiest Milon the royal residences of ElizaEdi- Plate Gold The tion of THE BOOK OF K Of lionaire, starring Fred MacMurray, beth II and the masterpieces of art

MORMON contains Monmqj i Greer Garson, and Tommy Steele; contained in many of them; Walt

longinspiring 35 recThoroughly Modern Millie, which Disney's The GnomeMobile, a deplay gold vinyl ords in a sturdy alhas met with favorable response lightful fantasy about gnomes and bum cover and case. % from a majority of audiences, who the California redwoods; The Perils $57.50

important The most Richard L. Evans I

history in the events wffifte of presented mankind % 9 by a thrilling to you recording vocal of the The Spoken Word

NEW TESTAMENT on 2 Uio volumes of 26 longplayvinyl records. Up Days and Down Days

$44.95 Two volumes of 29 < Thement,moodsare allof people,cause fortheconcern.degrees Allof encouragementof us have high andand discouragelow points

vinyl longplay recin life; and knowing this, we should not become too discouraged

ords this commake prehensive study of merely because we are discouraged. "One who expects completely to

JESUS THE CHRIST escape low moods is asking the impossible...,"said Dr. Fosdick.

easy to understand and remember. "Like the weather, [life] is essentially variable... [and] a healthy

$49.95 person believes in the validity of his high hours even when he is having

'Covenant Recordings are available from a low one."In all this up and down, there is something of the inner

your local record shop or bookstore. man, something beyond what one can see on the surface. There was

never any significant accomplishment of any kind that did not come with overcoming, nor has anyone ever found a way to live an always level, even life. The up days and the down days, the happiness, the heartaches, and even the deep depressions are all part of the changing

pattern. And if we permit circumstances, difficulties, or moods to

conquer us, we can't be happy, because we feel defeated. And so,

what is called for is faith, courage, confidence—the confidence that

comes with a sense of rightness within. Rightness of conduct gives

confidence. Sincere prayerfulness gives confidence. Useful work gives

confidence. Honest relationships with others give confidence—not having to explain, not having to avoid, being fair in facing facts, with faith

in a divine plan and pattern and a willingness to find it and fit into it.

Please send me, without obligation, your "Do not avoid, but seek the great, deep, simple things of faith,"said free record: "A Voice From The Dust."Phillips Brooks. "In all your personal life,... it is more thoroughness

Name and depth that you need in order to get... peace.... You must be

Address thankful that life is great and not little"-—with assurance that even on the

most depressed and disappointing days you can find the light that will

City - lead you out again from the low points of life, and remembering that

Zip State all of us have our difficult days. To cite a previously quoted source:

of Great Price I am interested in: Pearl

therefore, has depressed hours, none of us needs each of us, "While

Book of Mormon D New Testament n person."to be a depressed Doctrine and Covenants Q G Other

HaiTy Emerson Fosdick, On Being a Real Person: Mastering Depression (Harper & Bros., 1943).

'Phillips Brooks, The Light of the Worhl and Other Sermons: The Seriousness of Life (E. P. Dutton & Co., 1890).

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia CsvSnt Broadcasting System September 10, 1967. Copyright 1967.

RECORDINGS INC.

1470 South State St., Salt Lake City, Utah

28 Improvement Era Pauline, oldtime melobased onof situations; the ANOTHER INSTALLATIONdrama and Tammy

Millionaire, telling the further adventures of the delightful teenager; and To Sir, With Love,

featuring Sidney Poitier as a schoolteacher among underprivileged young people of London.

The motion picture scene also features several movies that are suitable for most members of the family, but probably would bore very young audiences because of the subject matter. Among these

are The Taming of the Shrew, a superb and shortened version of the

Shakespeare comedy, which preserves the robust atmosphere of Bountiful 16th and 24th Wards the comedy and is presented Bountiful Stake Office against the background of colorful settings and excellent photography;

In The Heat of the 'Night, which Now Your Ward probably will be nominated for an

Academy Award and deals with Or Stake Unit current social conditions in a mostgratifying manner; and Romeo and Can Enjoy A

Juliet, a ballet feature presenting the Royal Ballet of London. Quality Organ

One film that we reviewed in a recent issue of the Era deserves further mention. It is The Young

Americans, the heartwarming story theof the selection, training, and OdMhd ORGAN CO.travels of the group of singers who /J of Hillsboro, Oregon

have appeared in many parts of the country. for information, write to:

This is a family film that features Alan Gerber—South Davis Music Center

a story with simplicity, inspiration, 429 West 500 South, Bountiful, Utah 84010 appeal,wide and wholesomeness.

NAME.. its toIn addition general good quality, it features as one of the ADDRESS principals Gordon Harkness, who CITY -ZTPwas a member of the first Young WARDAmericans group and who is now serving on a mission in London.

STONEElder Harkness is from Van STORAGE SCRIPTURE Nuys, 50< FOO'MORIVION BOOK OFCalif. people Other young shown VISUAL TEACHING BOOKLET

AIDin to equally the film seem be

Should Store? What We is ''exScripture stonerepresentative in of the best youth of ternal evidence"Storing to Prevent Spoilage Book of and Mormontoday. O Life Of story. Tree on Specific Notes Foods

scaled reproAuthentic of 1he eightMotion pictures reviewed on thiis page in are Rotate Your Perishables, Etc. footduction stone discoveredneitiier approved nor recommended by the Dr. Mexico. Booklet by

Church or the Era. They are, however, in Group Rates Available M. Wells Jakeman,

included. BYU, Manythe reviewer, of the judgment the among

for Stone this decorative least of films. objectionable the current $9.95is 7"ppd.X 9'W. D. BATCH ELOR usospiece.

61 Beacon Ave. EL MONTE CHARITABLE ENTERPRISES

LAYTON, UTAH 8404) 3222 Utah Ave., El Monte, Calif. 91731

November 1967 29 FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS

Automatic Potato Peeler

Put Heart in Your"Hel lo"Here's the newest, speediest laborsaver we've seen in ages! Just pop up to 2

pounds of potatoes into the special chamber, cranio handle, and you'll have a whole batch peeled and rounded in a jiffy. No mess, no wet hands. Baked

enamel on steel, heavygauge plastic.

8"X 8"in white. $13.95 plus $1.00 postage.

By Val Camenish Wilcox "CORONA"A certain lady remains in my matter of time before we would get

GRAIN MILL mind as the supreme welcomer of to know them, too. My husband

for use with corn,wheat, nuts, newcomers. I met her only once, was full of enthusiasm for the preetc. Easily adjusts

for fine or coarse but I have thought of her often dominantly Latterday Saint town.

grinding. Regular

postpaid. C modelNew$9.951 CTSP through the years, especially when Though I was equally enthusiastic,

millmodel with finer I am in a situation with a new- I was still suffering some insecurigrinding plates $10.95

Eastpostpaid. of comer. ties accompanying my new mother-

$1.00 Rockies add

postage on either mill. For instance, when a visitor athood, and so I had a few anxieties

prices to"Special"church quantity mixer. grain mills groups tends our Relief Society meeting about a whole new life full of on both bread and

Write for prices on Electric Mills! and I know I must rush right home strangers.

to rescue the casserole from the We arrived in midweek, but I oven, I try to remember her. When felt I shouldn't wait until Sunday

Dough Girl Breadmaker my son brings home a timid friend to "brave the lions."So I dressed

for the first time just as I am dashour baby son in his finest, put him ing off to an appointment, I try to into a stroller, and started down the remember her. When a new family main and almost only street toward

is being introduced into the ward the post office. Surely this was a

at sacrament meeting, I try to logical place to run into some new remember her. I don't recall her friends.

name. Her face has long since The postmistress was gracious,

faded in my memory. But what she but busy. The few other persons I

did for me I shall always rememsaw on the street nodded pleasantly ber. enough, but, except for one, had no

Equipped with four rubber suction cups It was many years ago that my time even to introduce themselves.

Tenquart place. firmly in hold it to husband and I, with our infant son, "Oh, well, I'll be meeting them at

extrakettle with aluminum seamless heavy lid. End tedious kneading.... moved into a small southern Nechurch on Sunday,"I consoled

Only $15.95 plus $1.00 postage vada community. Since my husmyself. However, my need to be

Postpaid $13.95 schoolteacher, Model Cameo the was new satisfied at welcomed band had not been

on all items sales tax residents Utah add 31/2% that everyone knew sure all. As I walked along I rationahzed we felt

Send orders to: who we were. It would just be a to myself. After all, no one had

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah

30 Improvement Era THIS YEAR SEND SEASON'S GREETINGS

Photo Cafds IN COLOR! Her large, warm hands

did much more than shake my hands;

COLOR they engulfed CARDS* them. COMPLETE with ENVELOPES

TO YOU

50, with envelopes... '

100, with envelopes. M 9

SEND YOUR FAVORITE KODA COLOR NEGATIVE WITH ORDER -

BLACK & WHITE PHOTO CARDS:*

25, with envelopes....$1.50

50, with envelopes... 2.75

100, with envelopes.. 5.00

The warmest and most personal Christmas greetings of all—your

favorite picture of your family together—in gorgeous color, or\ attractive black and white, and K the cost is so low! It is suggested that you order promptly

—no guarantee of delivery can

be made on orders received after

December 1. Sorry, no imprinting at these special prices.

\ ILLUSTRATED NEW "SLIM LINE"CARD, ACTUAL

SIZE, VA"X 7"- SATISFACTION GUARANTEED

SAM'S PHOTO LAB 1 P.O. Box 1115, Dept. AA, Salt Lake City, Utah

1 PLEASE PRINT

1 NAME PLEASE FIND ENCLOSED: $

for CHRISTMAS CARDS 1 ADDRESS COLOR KODACOLOR NEGATIVE ENCLOSED 1 CITY STATE BLACK & WHITE NEGATIVE ENCLOSED

Residents of Utah add 3Wc State Sales Tax m m mm mmk tmmm w m ma immm i mmm been unkind, and what did I expect unfamiliar glare. Defiantly, I felt

A HoneyGolden Land anyway? I had done my best to be friendly.

it was up to them—the whole By Frances Hall But despite my usual level head, Now

my heart ached as I made my way town.

On the other side of sorrow back up the street to our bleak "Hello there!"I heard the heartLies a honeygolden land, basement apartment. The day was felt greeting wonderingly. Looking

With heads of clover nodding bright enough under the Nevada up, I saw a tall, angular woman

While the tall trees stand sun, but my spirit withered in its striding toward me. Her large

Ringed in a strong maternal peace,

With hand in leafy hand.

On the other side of sorrow The world grows kind and small.

Its streams are bright with welcome,

its call brown birdsAnd * berryladenFrom hedges

Their convocational. Richard L. Evans

theAlways woods of sorrow path that tunnelsHave a round. The Spoken Word

Past the boles of black trees mouthing for I have done good work'To the meadow's tranquil ground.

Past the thorny branches reaching may sometimes suppose that other people's work is altogether

To the skylark's upward sound. easier than ours. Or we may sometimes suppose that some WeSomewhere in leafdimmed sunoccupations, some assignments are always glamorous and exciting

light or freer from problems than they are. But of this we may be sure: There

That gentle path is found. is no man whose profession or occupation is free from problems, and

there is no solid pursuit which does not require preparation, and no position which doesn't have within it tedious routine and repetition at times. "There are dirty jobs, dull jobs, devastating jobs,"said Channing

Reverie Pollock, "but I think there can be few, even of these, that do not give... The unhappiest people I By Solveig Paulson Russell some return outside of the payenvelope.

know,"he continued, "are the idle people. I've seen them all over

/ dream of home, where far away the world,... fighting boredom,... chasing sunshine.... I never can

I learned to work and love and understand why so many of us are actually afraid of work.... Nobody

pray. ever did anything well, or got anywhere, without joy in his job.... It

are patchwork dreamsMy dreams seems to me sometimes that [our] greatest contribution to life [is] bits or patterned with onesGay our conception of labor as something dignified and desirable for everysober seams... We can have neither progress nor prosperity, neither opportunityOr brightly stitched with tender one.

mirth. nor democracy, while any considerable number of us regard work as an

Embroidered with the hearthstone enemy."Life was made for doing, for learning, for action, for activity,

threads for being a productive, creative, participating part. The body, the

That gave me birth. muscles, the mind, were made to use and not to stagnate or waste away

My patchwork dreams can comfort with a minimum of output or activity. Leisure is not the ultimate end or

me the ideal. And there is no person who receives full satisfaction from his

And somehow help recovery work who always feels that he is doing someone else a favor, when, in

If I falter—and always when fact, the opportunity of work is essential to life's satisfaction—and even

I judge and far in the world of salvation in the fullest sense. "I know what happiness is,"said Robert

men.

Then values that my mother knew Louis Stevenson, "for I have done good work."-

Pollock, Adventures The of a Happy Man: Work Is Its Own Reward. Published byIn memory come clearly through iChanning

Co., 1939. ThoniFs Y. Ciowell

The bits of dreams; and for me Robert Louis Stevenson, quoted by Channing Pollock, ibid.

then over Square, presented KSL and the Columbia Temple from Spoken Word"My course is righted, and it seems *"The 1967. Copyright 3, 1967. September System BroadcastingI find a beacon in my dreams.

32 Improvement Era warm hands did much more than What shake my hands; they enfolded

them. We continued up the street, talking eagerly. It was as does

though we were meeting again after a long separation. Too soonwe were at my door. Here was one silence

person I wanted to remember, so I asked, "May I know your name again? You've been so kind.""I'm Mrs, wife of bok

Reverend, and it is you who have been kind. You see,this is my first morning in town, ike?

and I have found that most people are too busy to do more than nod.

Thank you for taking time to say Silence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constantwear more than just, 'How do you do.'Cordridge of feet for years and years.

Since meeting you, I really feel It absorbs floor sound and creates Bigelow has or can customcreate an atmosphere of hushed serenity. the perfect carpet to suit every type of

much more welcome here."Cordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

How we laughed when I told tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced her that it was also my first mornteen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done It since 1825.

ing in town. There we were, handsomely to the decor of today's

new Mormon church buildings.

probably the only two strangers in its 100% Bigelow Approved conthe whole place, and we had tinuous filament nylon pile is dense andfound each other and met each Bigelow:}

other's needs.

The reverend's church did not prosper, and shortly afterward they moved away. In fairness to

the townspeople, I must say that as we met in the normal course of events, their welcome was warm and genuine. Looking back, in my

youthfulness and eagerness it was probably I who expected—perhaps

needed—their welcome to be effusive as well.

Recalling all this, how well I know that newcomers need welcoming. Now, whenever I see a

hesitant smile, a small overture of friendship, I meet it gladly. And

whenever I find myself in the role of newcomer, I don't wait for others little sketches and you make Do the first move.to make INSTRUCTION I am the SCHOOLS AS/ART'like these? "doodles"You may Studio 7N3790 a prospectiveone approaches who St. Minn. 55415 Minneapolis, So. 4th to 500 ability, just art waiting have

friend with outstretched hand and be recognized and developed! Please send me your Talent Test withwilling smile. People usually rise to Art is a highly paid, exciting proout cost or obligation, (please print)

the enthusiasm of others, I've disfession today. Find out if you Name career could plan on a as a comOccupation. -Age.covered. I have made some wonderartist. a professional mercial Get

ful friends much sooner by taking estimate of your talent. No charge. Address. Apt. the lead as the reverend's wife once No obligation. City -State.

did with me, bless her. o Just mail this coupon for your County..Zip Code.

Free Art Talent Test. It's already Accredited by the Accrediting Commission

helped hundreds of other teenof the National Home Study Council.

agers start on art careers! Approved for Veterans Training.

November 1967 33 AHENTION, CHOIR Happiness is a kind of thanksgiving,

Whether a word forms CONDUCTORS! On the lips or in the heart in gratefulness.

Happiness warms Suggested LDS Choir Anthems The being until it knows it has been blessed.

IVle, Gates 'Tis Eventide itAbide With M analyzes Whether Happiness SchreinerAll Glory, Laud Honor and M The coming of it, or the reason why.

tlie Robertson in All April Evening M By Elaine surprises V. Emans Happiness

tlie per Beautiful As MAmerica

Awake! Arise! Stickles E The one in need of it and the one expecting

Beautiful Zion for Me Daynes E Recurring good,

Ivanoff E the Lord Bless Ye Until the realizing of it merges

Jacob AirBrother James M gratitude. D With Robertson SaintsCome, Ye Come

Come, Come Ye Saints Cornwall M

For the Beauty of the Earth Davis M

Glory to God Kessel M

is Eberlein HolyGod M E * StainerGod Loved the World So

Gospel Gives Unbounded Schreiner E Richard L Evans

Strength, The Gospel Is Truly the Power Schreiner M of God He Watching Over Israel Mendelssohn M The Spoken Word

Here in This House Howorth M Holy City Arnold MD How Beautiful Upon the Harker MD find a way, or make one"Mountains

I Shall Not Pass Again Effinger E

This Way

If Ye Love Me, Keep My Carlbon M A hundred times every day,"said Albert Einstein, "I remind myself

Commandments

In My Father's House MacDermid M ZJa that my inner and outer hfe depend on the labors of other men,

Jerusalem, Turn Thee Gounod M / % living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in

Jesus, of Titcomb Love Wondrous Name M the measure as I have received, and am still receiving."Along with

Is King of Shelley D Love Shepherd My

Let Not Your Heart Be Foster M dependence on Divine Providence, it is true and humbling that all of us

Troubled Let Us Oft Speak Kind Words Gates E are dependent upon other people—upon the pioneers, the explorers,

Lo, My Shepherd Is Divine Haydn MD the discoverers, the patriots of the past; upon the inventors and developers

Lo, Praetorius a M Rose Beauteous What

E and investors; upon the products that others have produced; upon the Lutkin Bless Lord and Keep You You

Lord Is a Mighty God, The Mendelssohn M skills and services and faithfulness and integrity of untold people who

Lord Hear Our Prayer Verdi MD Lord Is My Shepherd, The Richards M have made possible our past and present. Someone has to do everything:

Lord's Prayer Gates M someone has to learn, to work, to save; to do research, to plan, to risk,

Robertson Lord's Prayer MD to believe; to develop, to produce; to increase competence; to remain IMow Thy Spirit Trehorne MMay

My Redeemer Lives Gates M solvent, to perform profitably. We owe much to many, and there is

Now Let the Heavens Be Chambers M infinitely much yet to be done everywhere in the world, and any attitude Joyful

All Holler E Our God ThankNow We that overly emphasizes ease or idleness is shortsighted and unsafe. We

All M Our Thank God BachNow W?

Brother Man Robertson M need a sense of history, a reexamination of purposes and principles:

Cast Thy Burden Upon Aulbach E of why we have what we have, with respect and gratitude to those who

Lord the Come, Let Us Worship Mendelssohn M gave us what we have, and the good grace to pass it on, improved upon

God, Our Help in Ages Cornwall M if possible, remembering that there is no sweeping, easy solution to Past

Lofty Mountains Cannon M anything, ever. When Admiral Peary was disabled with the agony of

Loving Savior, Slain for Us Auber M

Worship the King Cornwall M frozen feet, which threatened to defeat his heroic effort to reach the

Onward Ye People Sibelius M North Pole, he wrote on the wall of his miserable shelter, "I shall find a

Macfarlane D Eyes OurOpen Jenkins M way or make one."- Earlier he had said: "I shall put into this effort GatesOpen the

Poor Wayfaring Man of Grief Durham M everything there is in me—physical, mental, and moral."This is the

Robertson ofSon Man M spirit of those who have made history. We have come by the trial and of MSpirit God Neidlinger

Still, Still With Thee Shelley M error and anguish and effort of others, and just waiting for history to

Handel M Lord to Thee,Thanks E happen is not enough. As did our forebears, we must help it to happen, Caldwell Easter MornThat Blessed

Verdant Meadows Handel M for the right principles, for the right purposes, and "find"a way—or

Schreiner MD Watchmen AreWe M make one. Shaw Voice of Singing aWith

easy, D indicate Letters E, M, The Einstein. Albert MD and Copyright by PostScript. 1966

difficult. difficult, and medium, medium 2Rear Robert Admiral in Beyond Adventure: The Lives of Three Explorers, E. Peary, quoted

Average Price is 25c to 30c by Roy Chapman Andrews.

Square, presented from over KSL and the Columbia Temple *"The Spoken Word"Stewart's PateOra i Copyright 1967. July YKiMJUli Broadcasting 23, 1967. System Child"a "To

or Solo Co\ Music Trio WjaM/nT p. each 50c

83401 FALLS,0. BoxIDAHO2009 IDAHC

34 improvement Era -, - Hurry Free Vorry Free Travel

The pleasure of hurryfree, worryfree travel is yours for the taking when you plan your vacation or business trip on one of Union Pacific's crack Domeliners.

Nothing could be finer than dinner in the diner—or your favorite beverage in the

loungeorthe magnificentviewfrom the domes. Family Fare savings apply to both Pullman

and Coach travelevery day of the week.

However you go—Pullman or Coach—you'll be a pampered passenger all the way—

and you'll arrive rested and refreshed, ready for work or play. For full information and

reservations, call your nearby Union Pacific ticket agent or favorite travel agent.

Union Pacific Railroad

DOMELINERS: "City of Los Angeles,""The Challenger,""City of San Francisco,""City of Portland,""City of Denver,""City of St. Louis"

November 1967 35 SUMMER WINTER FALL FAMILY FUN Buffs 1. America's finest trail bike. and

2. Sleeping facilities—baggage space. Rebuffs

As low as 35c a night for two.

3. Power to spare, snowmobiles for family Camp Oakcrest

winter fun.

the goofed! read Someone As I

It all adds up to clean living, family fun. article in the of Youth"May "Era

Dealers, it's fun and income. titled "Crestwood Camp,"and as I

looked at the pictures, I noticed that

ARDCO, 255 West South Temple, Salt Lake City, this was the very same camp that I

Utah 84101, (801) 3223262 went to this summer. The name is

Also, the authors Oakcrest. Camp

that YES... I am interested in becoming a didn't job the wonderful mention

Blazer Dealer I am interested in a disthe counselors do. Without them, the

Kartel Dealer tributorship camp would be a total failure.

Please send me more inDenise Deleeuw formation Sandy, Utah Name President McKay's Editorial Address City State AugustPresidentissueMcKay'swas justeditorialwonderful.in theI

Phone Occupation would hope that it could be brought to the attention of all who are facing

A CONVERT'S TRIBUTE TO PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY problems in their marriages.

by F. E. Schluter Josephine S. Patterson

A successful businessman pays tribute to "one of the great Salt Lake City, Utah leaders of our time."This small book is packed with biographical details about President McKay not published before. Hezekiah's Tunnel

sets that the forth leadership author The have won article the with fascinated I was the professional business of admiration the and qualitiesleaders—and (August). The Tunnel""Hezekiah's

solid reasons he baptism. sought why biblical referdescriptions, detailed

will this missionary be Every reading strengthened by beautiful photographs ences, and it effective find aid. book, proselyting an and will alive. the past really come made

For those you want to remember at Christmas with more Virginia Maughan Kammeyer than a Christmas card. $1. Seattle, Washington

Helpful to Librarians

for enthusiasm express my May tleteret N COM Book the with the that format began newI so. 44 EAST TEMPLE P ATA MALL COTTONWOODY AND

CITY SALT LAKE issue. of those who, us For January

2472 BLVD.. WASHINGTON BOOK DESERET COMPANY OGDEN librarians, prepare stake as and 777 SO. ward ST, MAIN ORANGE. CALIFORNIA Temple, 44 East South Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

or 777 South Main, Orange, California 92669 and maintain reference clipping files,

Please send me A CONVERT'S TRIBUTE our job is much easier with the new

Total amount of purchase $,.., format. The mark that indicates the

which includes 3V'2% sales for Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake, and 5'/t sales tax for end of the article is extremely

California residents ordering from Orange. 1 enclose check/money order OR, please helpful.

charge my established account Q. Alta N. Hunt

Name Chicago, Illinois Address Authors Write

City State Zip Concerning your purchase of some of

April 67 Era my poetry for future use in the Era,

I want you to know that I have been very happy, and have felt a considerable pride, in having my work appear in such an excellent and attractive magazine. I have been fortunate to have many poems, stories,

and articles published in a great variety of magazines, but I can truly say that the Era is my favorite and to my mind excels all others. You

might consider this tribute even more when I tell you that I am not a member of your church, although I admire it and its rules of conduct. So did my

late husband. He used to say if he

had not been born a "good Scotch

Presbyterian,"Mormon—and Iheagreed!would have been a

Mrs. Angus Robertson

Mineral Wells, Texas

36 Improvement Era the beautiful Thank layout you for It's FUNDraising season with allegorical given story, "The my

Pearl"(June). I especially would

like to express my gratitude to the artist. It is a distinct privilege for a

writer to have his work find a setting in the Era. I don't know of anything FINE

that could mean more to me. It was especially wonderful to have CHOCOLATES

it in the June issue. For a dozen

years, June meant a conference trek to me and being close to a "holy fire."

Conference is special to all of us away from Salt Lake City. Those of

us who enjoy the printed word have delight the with progreswelcomed next The offer greatmonths few the sive all of the format you and Era for est potential fundraising with it to have to done a magazine make candy. Priesthood auxQuorums, of. I be proud to fine very humble am

iliaries, scouts, seminaries, church it think of for issue. a part I was one

groups clubs raise for and money Deane Alma Feller their activities worthwhile selling by Pinole, California delightful creations. these candy most

Famous chocolates and Pecan Logs.

Thanks so much for the beautiful art work for my little piece, "A Song In II flincolaies the Night"(July). I'm afraid I do

not look so cool and fresh when I go Yes I am interested in Maxfield's fundraising out into my hot garden these summer program for all occasions. Please send me more

nights. Sometimes a tiny piece will information.

bring to the author more joy than a much longer and more ambitious Name work, and I am glad that this piece Title has a happy home with you. The Address.

neighbor that I wrote about died City.State.about ago. a year

I Ruth Ikerman MAXFIELD CANDY COMPANY Mentone, California I P.O. Box 554, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Entire Era Is for Youth!

I've noted the recent format changes of the Era, and for the most part I've enjoyed them. However, I wonder

about the wisdom of having the Era of Youth in the center of the magazine so the teenage readers can easily pull it out. I think we should encourage our young people to read the

entire magazine, not just that section.

Each issue has many thoughtprovok- ing and challenging articles that should have as much appeal for them as for adult readers.

Mrs. M. L. Morgan

Denver, Colorado

From the Mission Field

I have appreciated the Era's service here in the Argentine Mission. Our

contacts and members have grown in their gospel knowledge through articles we have shared with them. Many

issues have been left with Englishspeaking contacts; their attitudes toward the Church have changed, and

their desire to know more has increased. The message from the

Prophet always gives us the opportunity to tell people that God lives and directs his Church through living men. We often challenge people to

read his words and to put them into practice. God is truly putting his

hand over the nations of South

America.

Sister Pat Holladay Argentine Mission THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE IVEWS COVERAGE

November 1967 37 Oh, God, I pray thee humbly from my heart's

Deep pain that thou wilt hear me at this hour.

Hear me and heal me with thy holy arts.

Oh, help me now, for only thou hast power

Prayer To free a soul whose twisted roots are wound.

Deep in earth's clay, around some stubborn rock

By Cynthia M. Trunneil Lodged firmly where the light is never found.

I cannot learn, alone, to loose, unlock

That manyfingered hold that keeps me low

When I would reach to clasp thy loving hand

Or move across the meadow, where, I know,

Another soul has need of strength to stand.

Teach me, Oh, God, therefore, that I may free

Myself, to lend him strength, and come to thee.

Richard L. Evans

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

latest in parchments. white and designs

napkins, albums, Matching Mormon other The Spoken Word accessories. One day rush order service.

Running Fronn—not To

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded A sentence heard somewhere portrays a restless young person as saying, mail desired.) first order. (50c if air on 83440 -A'l am running from, not to."Too many, it seems, are running from, Idaho Rexburg, REXCRAFT,

don't really seem to know what they are running toward—Name - / who

what end, what accomplishment, what result will be realized by their

Address - running; too many not really knowing from what and to what, without

City, Zone, State - any definite or definable destination that one would want to reach.

"Let us get our eye clearly, then, on what we are talking of,"said Dr.

Fosdick, "—not... an escape from life, but as an indispensable part of

life.... Of all pathetic things few are worse than the familiar sight

HARD, RED, WINTER which one sees on every side... people who are trying to substitute

thrills for serenity. Having no serenity at home within themselves, they WHOLE run away into sensations, spend as much time as possible away from

themselves amid their thrills, and then at last have to come back WHEAT again.... That is the very essence of unhappiness.... Speed becomes

High Profein a mania and the pace is sometimes frantic, and in the midst of it one

Low Moisture Content who cares about man's happiness and quality looks on the wreckage of

REPROCESSED AND that inner grace without which there can be nothing great in life or

READY FOR STORAGE art.... Some of our modern sophisticates might well cease their attacks

BEST GRADE on our forefathers.... While they may have been dour, grim, and

MONTANA RED unhappy, they were not cynical, flippant, futile, and unhappy,... lacking

WINTER WHEAT deep wells of quietness, trying to make up for the loss of serene meaning in truck Shipped load lots by plunging into sensations."Life has purpose and meaning and is savings for maximum

Many varieties of the best everlastingly long—but here and now one cannot always run, for one

grade beans available, at runs out of time and strength. If it is boredom we run from, it will

prices, the lowest too. always catch up with us. If it is duty, it remains whether we run or not. lb. burlap in 100 Packed

bags, cleaned and ready If it is reality we run from, it is with us whether we recognize it or for storage. not. If it is ourselves, no man ever leaves himself behind. The antidote

ORDER FROM to restless running is to choose a solid purpose and pursue it. Whatever

we may be running from, we need to be moving toward a solid purpose, without which there is no peace, no serenity inside.

iDr. Harry Emerson Fosdick, The Power to See It Through: The High Uses of Serenity (NewNORTHWEST York: Harper & Brothers). FARMERS MARKETING SERVICE *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Joe Jacob, Manager Broadcasting System August 27, 1967. Copyrighit 1967. /

P. O. Box 848, Albany. Ore. 97321

(508) 8265801

38 Improvement Era IITfflWlYU BASKETBALL SCHEDULE J/VITH

DATE (DAY) OPPONENT 9 (Sat.) Texas JAMES

Champaign (Thiir.) Illinois 14

Houston MOUNTAIN AMERICA'S (Sat.) Houston 16

22 (Fri.) Santa Clara Prove TOP SPORTSCASTER

23 (Sat.) Santa Clara Provo

Dec. 2830 AlFCollege Tournament at Oklahoma City ANOTHER KSL, hotne of radio EXCLUSIVE! 196768 BVU

(Thur., Fri., Sat.) (Arkansas, Auburn, Fordham, Idaho St., BASKETBALL GAMES - LIVE AND DIRECT WITH PAUL

Okla. City, Virginia Tech., Xavier of Ohio) JAMES PROVIDING THE PLAYBY-PLAY WHERE THE

Jan. 1 (Mon.) St. Joseph's Philadelphia ICTiON IS!

6 (Sat.) Utah State Provo

12 (Fri.) Arizona Provo BROUGHT TO YOU BY:

Provo 'Arizona State 13 (Sat.)

Jostph Laramie (Thur.) ''Wyoming L MillsinsuranceInsuranceService,Aiency,ProvoSalt Lake City ( a,j,//) 18 Intermountain

20 (Sat.) *New Mexico Albuquerque (Scolt Wilkinson and Fred Scliroader) BeeilneFrontier

Western Chicago Texas (Fri.) 26

Loyola (Sat.) Chicago Bennett SAFEWAY riioQAlUJ)OI ofErrorsGenevaleroWorkssteel Making Team 27

Feb. 1 (Tt)ur.) Utah State Logan l-fl GlassPaint ii

3 (Sat.) Phillips Oilers Provo Safeway Stores. Inc. INTERLAKE

10 (Sat.) ''Utah Salt Lake City

16 (Fri.) ''New Mexico Provo

17 (Sat.) ''Wyoming Provo

24 (Sat.) ''Utah Provo

''Arizona State Tempe 1 (Fri.) Mar. HOUSE Tucson BROADCAST ''Arizona (Sat.) 2 UTAH SALT LAKE CITY,

''Western Athletic Conference Games ''CMT - Current Mountain Time '""'Times not available at time ot printing HilHHIHV hOIHe Ot rfldlO 50 000 WATT CLEAR CHANNEL CBS RADIO FOR WESTERN AMERICA

November 1967 39 Servants in the Lord's Kingdom

An Apostle,

Patriarch to the Church,

Assistants to the Council of the Twelve,

First Council of the Seventy,

and the Presiding Bishopric.

# General Authorities of the Church recent times, the constantly increasing church in the duties of their calling.

are looked upon with love and respect establishment of new wards and stakes, "And they form a quorum, equal in by Latterday Saints throughout the the everwidening geographical area authority to that of the Twelve special world. These are the men chosen by covered by wards and stakes, the steadily witnesses or Apostles just named....

the Lord to help direct his work upon pressing necessity for increasing our "The Seventy are to act in the name the earth in this day. The Improvement missions in numbers and efficiency that of the Lord, under the direction of the

Era is pleased to present on the pages the Gospel may be brought to all men, Twelve or the traveling high council, in that follow reproductions of color porthe continual multiplying of Church inbuilding up the church and regulating all traits and biographical sketches of 23 of terests and activities calling for more the affairs of the same in all nations, these brethren—an apostle, the Patririgid and frequent observation, supervifirst unto the Gentiles and then to the

arch to the Church, the Assistants to the sion, and direction, all have built up an Jews."(D&C 107:2526, 34.)

Council of the Twelve, the First Council apostolic service of the greatest magniThe quorums of seventy, consecutively of the Seventy, and the Presiding Bishoptude. numbered, are organized with special

ric. The First Presidency and the Council "The First Presidency and Twelve reference to their calling and missionary

of the Twelve were similarly treated last feel that to meet adequately their great ministry. And, referring again to the

November."responsibilities and to carry on efficiently revelation, "they should have seven

The Patriarch to the Church: On June this service for the Lord, they should presidents to preside over them, chosen

27, 1839, the Prophet Joseph Smith spoke have some help. out of the number of the seventy."(D&C

to the brethren at considerable length "Accordingly it has been decided to 107:93.) These are the First Council of

and made the following statement: appoint assistants to the Twelve, who the Seventy.

"AN EVANGELIST is a Patriarch, shall be High Priests, who shall be set The Presiding Bishopric: "The quorum

even the oldest man of the blood of Joapart to act under the direction of the of the Presiding Bishopric consists of the seph or of the seed of Abraham. WherTwelve in the performance of such Presiding Bishop and two counselors.

ever the Church of Christ is established work as the First Presidency and the All three are High Priests as well as in the earth, there should be a Patriarch Twelve may place upon them. Bishops, They preside over the Aaronic

for the benefit of the posterity of the "There will be no fixed number of Priesthood. They administer the tempSaints, as it was with Jacob in giving his these assistants. Their number will be oral affairs of the Church under the direcpatriarchal blessing unto his sons, etc."increased or otherwise from time to time tion of the First Presidency. They super-

{Documentary History of the Church, Vol. as the necessity of carrying on the Lord's vise the handling of the tithes, the trans-

3, p. 38L) work seems to dictate to be wise...."fer of membership certificates, all finanThe Prophet's father, Joseph Smith, {The Improvement Era, May 1941, p. 269.) cial and statistical reports, and similar

Sen., was ordained Patriarch to the Currently there are 12 Assistants to matters."(John A. Widtsoe, Program of

Church December 18, 1833. His direct the Twelve. the Church, p. 156.)

descendant in the patriarchal lineage, The First Council of the Seventy: In In a few words, then, have been

Eldred G. Smith, now holds that office. the great revelation on priesthood in the sketched the responsibilities of these

The Assistants to the Council of the Doctrine and Covenants, Section 107, the councils. Now turn the pages and read

Twelve: At the April 1941 general conLord says: of the lives of the brethren who are now

ference. President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., "The Seventy are also called to preach sustained by the membership of the

in reading the names of the General the gospel, and to be especial witnesses Church to these callings. O

Authorities for sustaining vote, said: unto the Gentiles and in all the world

"The rapid growth of the Church in thus differing from other officers in the Twelve,"'See The"TheImprovementFirst PresidencyEra, Novemberand the 1966,Councilpp. of977theff.

40 Improvement Era Forthright, energetic action, and a strong desire to do the will of the Lord characterize the Church's newest apostle. Alvin R. Dyer was

born January 1, 1903, in Salt Lake

City, to Alfred and Harriet Walsh

Dyer. During high school and subsequent years he played on several

winning baseball teams and sang in a quartet that was much in demand.

Elder Dyer filled a mission to the Eastern States, where he became an area leader and in 1923 acted in what was perhaps the first Hill Cumorah pageant. He

married May Elizabeth Jackson in

June 1926, and they have two children.

Employment as a sheet metal worker for eight years and correspondence courses in mechanical drafting and engineering prepared him for a successful business career. He managed a heating and

air conditioning department for a builders'supply firm, and at the age of 46 organized a successful distributing company.

During his business career. ALVIN R. DYER

Elder Dyer was a member of the Apostle

Exchange Club, the American Society of Heating and Ventilating bishop he received a call to preside over to be an Assistant to the Council of the

Engineers, and, during World War the Central States Mission. Twelve. He was later called to reopen and

II, the American Military EngiDisposing of his business interests, he preside over the European Mission, where neers, where he served in a civilian entered the mission field and found a new he labored for two years. Returning home,

advisory capacity on a number of interest. To satisfy his own mind concerning he immersed himself in the assignments

projects the history of the Church and its people in given him, one of which was the priesthood

But service to the Lord has Missouri, Elder Dyer researched and wrote home teaching program, which he helped always been the joy of Brother an account largely for his own use. The direct.

Dyer's heart. For nearly six years account was later published in book form. On October 5, 1967, Elder Dyer was orhe was bishop of Salt Lake City's Since then Elder Dyer has written seven dained an apostle, to be associated with

Monument Park Ward. He had books on gospel subjects. members of the Council of the Twelve in

previously served in two ward In 1958, only five months after being witnessing the Savior's mission. His strong

bishoprics and on two stake high appointed first assistant in the YMMIA genleadership, yet humble spirit, makes him a councils. During his service as a eral superintendency. Elder Dyer was called valuable servant in the Lord's hands.

November 1967 41 they became parents of two sons and three daughters.

Devoted to serving the Lord in whatever capacity he was called.

Elder Smith became a member of the Ensign Stake YMMIA board in

November 1936, and on May 5, 1938, he was sustained as second counselor in the 20th Ward bishopric in Salt Lake City. He later

served on the Ensign Stake high council. When the North 20th

Ward was created in 1941, he became its first bishop.

In January 1944 he accepted a wartime position with the Oak Ridge, Tennessee, atomic energy project. On his way there, he

stopped at the mission headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky, where he offered his services to the Church. When he arrived at

Oak Ridge, he found that because of the secret nature of the atomic project, he could not gain permission for the saints to hold Church gatherings in military halls. So

he invited Church members to his

services, for they used where

for chairs. ELDRED G. SMITH homeboxes table and The

Patriarch to the Church gatherings grow until eventually 35 children and 65 adults were

The office of Patriarch to the Church is a Lehi, Utah, a son of Hyrum G. and Martha attending. The Oak Ridge Branch

holy calhng. It is a hereditary calhng, Gee Smith. When he was five years of age, was then formed, with Elder Smith

given on personal worthiness to the man his father was sustained as Presiding Patrias branch president.

receiving it through inspiration of the arch to the Church, and the family moved After World War II he returned

President of the Church. to Salt Lake City. Young Eldred was eduto Salt Lake City. On April 6,

Eldred G. Smith is the seventh Patriarch cated in the public schools and attended 1947, at the general conference of

to the Church in this dispensation. Daily LDS High School and the University of the Church he was sustained as

he cares for spiritual needs of the saints, Utah, where he studied engineering. Patriarch to the Church.

giving to many their patriarchal blessings, In 1926 he received a call to serve in the Since then he has given literally great personal pronouncements that can, if SwissGerman Mission, and upon his release thousands of blessings. He spends

the recipient is humble and worthy, chart in 1929, he served a stake mission in the many hours each day at his desk the way to possible achievements in a Liberty Stake in Salt Lake City. in the Church Administration

fruitful lifetime. Elder Smith married Jeanne Ness August Building counseling members who

Elder Smith was born January 9, 1907, at 17, 1932, in the Salt Lake Temple, and come from all parts of the Church.

42 Improvement Era distinguishingOne of the features of the April conference of 1941 was the calHng of five Assistants to the Council of the Twelve, who were "set apart to act under the direction of the

Twelve in the performance of such work as the First Presidency and the Twelve may place upon them."

Among them was Alma Sonne.

Elder Sonne was born in Logan,

Utah, on March 5, 1884, to Niels

Christian and Elisa Peterson Sonne.

After his graduation from Brigham

Young College in Logan in 1904, he worked for the Logan First National Bank. From 1910 to 1912

he filled a mission in England, where he had charge of emigration work, traffic, and transportation.

Returning from the British Isles, he married Geneva Ballantyne on

May 16, 1912, and they had five children—four sons and a daughter.

After the death of his wife in 1941, he married Leona Ballantyne WooUey.

Elder Sonne has played an important role in the business and agricultural development of northern Utah. He is president of the ALMA SONNE

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

First National Bank in Logan and a member of the board of trustees of Utah State University. tated for a moment and then replied, "Be- "There is nothing more important than

When Elder Sonne was called to cause I read the Book of Mormon."With people."He served in two bishoprics in

preside over the European Mission the conviction that this was the word of Logan, as stake YMMIA superintendent, on with headquarters in London in God, his father had asked for baptism. Elder a stake high council, and as counselor in

1946, someone asked him: "Why Sonne recalled that his mother had walked the Cache Stake presidency. He was serving

must you go? Isn't the soul at home across the prairie from Council Bluffs to as Cache Stake president and chairman of

as precious to save as the soul in Cache Valley, Utah, behind a yoke of oxen the Cache welfare region when he was

Europe?"Elder Sonne answered, and a covered wagon. "Why?"Elder Sonne called to be an Assistant to the Council of

"I suppose it is a matter of conasked. Because, he was told, they had the the Twelve.

viction. It is very important what conviction that the Church was true. Love of people and love of the gospel

we believe."Then he recalled that The same conviction characterizes the form the foundation of Elder Sonne's life.

when he was a young man, he had unselfish devotion and service of Alma "The only infallible guide for men and asked his father, "Why did you Sonne. Countless individuals bear personal nations,"he says, "is the gospel of Jesus

join the Church?"the father he.sitestimony that he is sincere when he says. Christ."

November 1967 43 Elder Christiansen. Later in the

East Jordan (Utah) Stake, he served in the stake Sunday School superintendency, on the high council, and as bishop of the Draper First

Ward. In 1936 he became affiliated

with the Church School System and moved to Logan, Utah.

In 1937 he was called as president of the TexasLouisiana Mission. Returning to Logan four

years later, he was sustained as first counselor in the Cache Stake presidency. From 19431952 he

was president of the Logan Temple, and during four of these years, he also served as first counselor in the East Cache Stake presidency and then as stake president.

On October 6, 1951, he was called as an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve. In this capacity

he has served as chairman of the budget committee of the Church

Welfare Committee, was Salt Lake

Temple president for eight years, and assisted in preparing the London Temple for ordinance work.

In 1961 he became, under the direction of the First Presidency,

ELRAY L. CHRISTIANSEN coordinatorIn addition, ofheallis Churcharea supervisortemples.

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve of the four southeast American

missions.

all his In Elder Christianhimself, works, compreconducted of he landowner and sincerity strength spiritualThe honored soil sen has and regrazing reconnaissurveys been and hensive Assistant to Christiansen, Elder ElRay L.

the Council of the Twelve, have been an sance for the U.S. government. spected. When he was sustained

influence for good in the lives of innumerProfessionally an educator, one of his in conference as an Assistant to able people, for he has led an active and greatest satisfactions comes from teaching the Council of the Twelve, Elder varied life in Church, civic, cultural, and young people. This he has done effectively Christiansen emphasized that a

educational endeavors. in the schools, with missionaries, as a Scout genuine testimony must be acElder Christiansen was born July 13, leader, and in his extensive service in the companied by good works. Cer1897, in Mayfield, Utah, to Pariey and temples of the Church. tainly this has been the foundation

Dorothea C. Jensen Scow Christiansen. He On June 14, 1922, he married Lewella of his own life, for through his

majored in agronomy at Utah State AgriculRees in the Manti Temple. They have three firm testimony, he has been moved

tural College and continued in graduate children. In 1924 the Christiansens accepted to good works and has become a

studies at the University of Utah and Brig- a call to the Central States Mission. Thus dedicated man of strength and

ham Young University. An agriculturist and began a long sequence of Church service for solidarity.

44 Improvement Era in the early days of the restored

Church, the Lord said, in revelation through the Prophet

Joseph Smith, "For my soul delighteth in the song of the heart;

yea, the song of the righteous is a prayer unto me."

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, has literally sung his way into the hearts of the saints wherever he has traveled. A gifted singer, he

has willingly shared his musical talents with congregations in many parts of the world as he has visited them on Church assignments.

Elder Longden was born in Oldham, Lancashire, England, on

November 4, 1898. His parents,

Thomas J. and Lizetta Taylor

Longden, were converts to the Church, and when John was ten years old, the family immigrated to Utah. He attended LDS High

School and LDS Business College and the University of Utah.

His musical talents were recognized early, and he studied voice dramaticsand and was a member JOHN LONGDEN theater stock companies.of two

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

In 1921 he accepted a call to the

Central States Mission, and upon his return began his business caare parents of two daughters. Sister LongAssistant to the Council of the Twelve.

reer, first in an insurance agency den served 13 years as second counselor in In a recent general conference Elder and then in the electrical products the general presidency of the Young WomLongden told of attending meetings as a business. He climbed the execuen's Mutual Improvement Association. youth in a little corrugated, galvanized

tive ladder to become manager of Elder Longden has always found time to meetinghouse in Oldham, Lancashire. Fiftythe Westinghouse Electric Supply serve faithfully and willingly in the Church. six years later he had the privilege of returnCompany in Salt Lake City and, in He was an assistant superintendent and ing to the land of his birth to dedicate a

1952, area manager for National superintendent in ward and stake MIA beautiful chapel in Oldham. "Fiftysix years

Electric Products Corporation, a organizations before being called as bishop ago,"mused Elder Longden. "It seems like

position he held until his business of the 19th Ward in Salt Lake City. He yesterday. How time flies!"

retirement in 1960. then served some 17 years as a stake high Then he added, "There is nothing we can

On October 15, 1924, Elder councilor and, in 1950, became a member of do about it except to see as far as possible

Longden married Frances LaRue the General Church Welfare Committee. that it passes fruitfully."This he has done

Carr in the Salt Lake Temple; they In October 1951 came the call to serve as an most successfully.

November 1967 45 AnSterlingimpressiveSill's experienceyoiith was ina turning point that greatly influenced his later life. He was asked to

review in Sunday School class a paragraph from the manual. As he

stood up to speak, the 12year-old youth became panicstricken.

Tears coursed down his face, and he was unable to finish. That same

day another youth spoke with such aplomb that Elder Sill still recalls the compelling motivations to seek similar excellence. A guiding hand

was already influencing his life, for in a blessing he had been told:

"The eye of the Lord shall be upon you... and your tongue shall be

loosened to your astonishment."

Born March 31, 1903, in Layton,

Utah, to Joseph and Marietta Welling Sill, Elder Sill still remembers the timidity that troubled him, even during his mission to the

Southern States. After attending

the University of Utah, he taught school for two years before entering the insurance business in Salt

City.Lake success and the conSTERLING W. SILL Hardwon

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve stant support of his wife, Doris

Mary Thornley (they have three children), effected great changes prepared a talk. He was not asked. For the talks for weekly 15minute and halfhour

in his selfconfidence. He advanced next conference he had prepared another radio programs aired nationwide over 450

rapidly in his profession, becoming talk, but again he was not asked. For the stations.

Salt Lake City manager of his next ten years Bishop Sill prepared a talk Over 4,200 letters monthly come from firm in 1933 and inspector of and never gave one in conference. The Lord listeners, carrying such heartfelt sentiments

agencies in 1940, a position he was disciplining him for a great ministry. as these: "I've joined the Church because

holds in honorarium today. At the In 1951 he became a Sunday School of these talks.""You changed my life."

age of 29, he became the first general board member, and in April 1954 "What an excellent Mormon ministry."His

Utahn to address the National he was called to be an Assistant to the ability to serve the Lord in this way has

Association of Life Underwriters. Council of the Twelve. After delivering 12 been the fruit of 40 years of preparation.

In 1936 he was called as bishop addresses on the Sunday evening Church Years ago he began cataloguing his thoughts, of the Garden Park Ward. Stake radio program in 1959, he was asked to and he is now compiling his twentyfirst

conference came soon, and thinkdeliver them indefinitely, and for the past scrapbook of ideas. He is a great public

ing he might be asked to speak, he eight years he has prepared and delivered spokesman for the gospel in our time.

46 Improvement Era born to them. Active in ward and

stake organizations. Sister Taylor

charmingly and intelligently sustained her husband, sharing with him years of opportunity and accomplishment. She passed away on

July 6, 1967.

Described as a "quiet dynamo,"

Elder Taylor seemed destined to lead his brethren. He was national

president of Delta Phi, a high councilor, and stake clerk, as well as bishop of Pleasant View Ward and president of Sharon and East

Sharon stakes. He was serving as

president of the California Mission when he was called to become an

Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve.

Now serving as managing director of the Church Welfare Program,

Elder Taylor has brought to this special calling wide and long experience in welfare work, including experience as chairman of the Mt.

Timpanogos and the Central Utah welfare regions.

Elder Taylor approaches the great comHENRY D. TAYLOR passionWelfareandProgramlove forwithhis fellowmen,

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve with fidl, uncompromising faith in revealed truth, and with strength

CCIt was inevitable that he should reach After a mission to the Eastern States, Elder and tolerance. Speaking about the

I high places,"was said of Henry D. Taylor was graduated from Brigham Young program, he says: "To carry out the

Taylor when he was called as an Assistant University in 1929 and in 1960 received the purposes of the program, it was to the Council of the Twelve in April 1958. Y's Alumni Distinguished Service Award. intended that all members of the

He was trained for leadership from his He received a master's degree from New Church should join together and early days of disciplined farm life in Provo, York University School of Retailing in 1937. work, giving us a feeling of brotherUtah, where he was born on November 22, In Provo, where he was assistant manager of hood and unity, a sense of be1903, to Arthur N. and Maria Dixon Taylor. Dixon Taylor Russell Company, Elder Taylor longing—belonging to one another

Remembering the rich heritage of his became actively involved in varied comand to the kingdom of God."

home, Elder Taylor said in a general conmunity affairs, including the Chamber of Quiet, unassuming leadership ference address, "It was not meant that we Commerce, Kiwanis Club, and the Utah and superior performance with unshould stand alone. We become better indiValley Hospital board. wavering faith in his Heavenly

viduals when we grow together rather than On December 26, 1929, he married Alta Father distinguish Elder Henry D.

alone."Hansen of Richfield, Utah. Four sons were Taylor.

November 1967 47 During World War I, William 'James Critchlow, Jr. in service

with the U.S. Coast and Geodedic

Survey, found himself posted alone for weeks on a mountain peak, where he found time to read the

Book of Mormon. "I had 'inherited'

the gospel,"he recalls, "and my

Church membership had come routinely when I was old enough to be baptized. But my conversion

—that 'I-knowbeyond-anydoubt'

feeling—came to me atop a mountain as I read the Book of Mormon

and asked God about its truthfulness."

This witness has been born with great fervency and conviction, particularly in the years since

Elder Critchlow was sustained as an Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve in October 1958.

Born August 12, 1892, a son of

William J. and Anna Gregerson

Critchlow, Elder CVitchlow has lived all his life in Ogden, Utah.

After high school graduation, he entered Weber Academy where, as student body president in 1911, he spearheaded a campaign for a gymnasium, setting the stage for life- J. CRITCHLOW, JR,long service to the community. WILLIAM

Assistant to Council of the Twelve

Many years later his dream materialized and the gymnasium was built. When it was returned to the electric utility field in 1912 and, except civic clubs. He was a founder of the All

Church and remodeled as a Deseret for temporary government assignments, he Faces West pageant, which each year

Gymnasium in June 1967, William filled various executive positions with reenacts the pioneer trek to Great Salt

J. Critchlow, Jr., the man who had Utah Power & Light Company until his Lake Valley. This project has particular

initiated the drive in 1911, was retirement, when he was serving as business significance for him, since his greatgrand- asked to offer the dedicatory development manager. father James Brown was a Mormon Battalion

prayer. "The measure of a man's real success in leader and founder of Ogden.

To prepare for a career in life is his family,"he has said. He married Much of the joy in life. Elder Critchlow

business administration, he Anna Maria Taylor in the Salt Lake Temple believes, is a byproduct of service, particuenrolled in LaSalle Extension in 1924, and they have two sons and a larly to the Church. He held many positions

University, Chicago, and also took daughter. in the auxiliaries and served 17 years as

classes through the University of Elder Critchlow's influence in Ogden first president of South Ogden Stake before

Utah extension division. community affairs has been profound, with his call as an Assistant to the Twelve in

Elder Critchlow entered the service on a number of committees and in October 1958.

48 Improvement Era %:::m -*s

{ I "ollow the leaders of the Church, and never turn down an opportunity to serve."

These words of counsel from his parents have been a guiding philosophy for Elder Franklin D.

Richards, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, who has devoted his life to service to his community, his nation, and his Church.

Elder Richards was bom November 17, 1900, in Ogden, Utah, a son of Charles C. and Letitia

Peery Richards. As a boy he was

industrious, working on his father's farm to earn school expenses as well as taking an active part in debate activities and school publications.

He was graduated from Weber Academy, Ogden, and then studied at the University of Utah before receiving a call to the Eastern

States Mission. After he returned,

he completed work on his LL.B.

degree at the university in 1923 and entered law practice in Salt

Lake City. On August 1, 1923, he

inmarried the Kearnes Helen sons haveLake Temple. two They Salt FRANKLIN D. RICHARDS

and two daughters. Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Elder Richards was named first

Utah director of the Federal Housand Salt Lake City, and in 1954 he returned Northwestern States Mission. There he diing Administration in 1934, and to Utah. rected one of the most fruitful mission areas

later was appointed zone commisAs a young man Elder Richards received of the Church and developed a new missioner for 13 western states, with his patriarchal blessing, in which he was sionary handbook incorporating the misheadquarters in Washington, D.C. blessed that he would be "called to hold sion's most effective teaching plans. On

In 1947 he was appointed national offices of presidency and leadership in sacred October 8, 1960, just ten months after he beFHA commissioner, and during and civil positions."That promise has truly came mission president, it was announced in

his term of office the nation enbeen fulfilled, for in addition to holding regeneral conference that he had been called joyed the largest residential buildsponsible public positions, he has also been as an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

ing program of its history. After a leader in his priesthood quorums and the His mission activities have continued, for

resigning from the FHA in 1952, auxiliary organizations of the Church. his assignments as a General Authority have

he opened his own mortgage bankElder Richards was serving as president included supervision of missions on the ing and brokerage business, with of the East Mill Creek Stake mission when, East Coast of the United States and, more offices in New York, Washington, in 1959, he was called to preside over the recently, in South America.

November 1967 49 colleague in the Genealogical Society, where Elder Theo-A dore M. Burton serves as vicepresident as well as managing

director of the Priesthood Genealogy Committee, describes Elder

Burton as a humble man "of honesty, love, dedication, and uncompromising loyalty to the gospel and its principles. "

Elder Burton developed these qualities early in his life. He was

born March 27, 1907, and his parents, Theodore Taylor and Florence Moyle Burton, encouraged him to work from the time he was 12 years old. Of them

Elder Burton has said, "They provided the opportunities and taught the gospel by setting an example and living it in our home in Salt Lake City."

He successfully completed his education, receiving B.A. and M.A.

degrees from the University of

Utah and a Ph.D. degree in chemistry from Purdue University.

From 1932 to 1934 he was assistant

for City.bacteriologist Salt Lake of THEODORE M. BURTON teacher popularLater he was a

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve chemistry at Carbon College in

Price, Utah, and then at Utah State

University, Logan. in Logan. In 1957 he returned to Europe to positions did you hold, but how many people

Elder Burton believes that his preside over the West German Mission. did you help"; and in reference to his work

studies in science have helped him Accompanying him were his wife, Minnie with genealogy he has said, "What Jesus did to become more sensitive to God's Preece Burton, whom he married in the was done as an example to show us how we laws. "My testimony has been Salt Lake Temple on February 23, 1933, and too could serve others through our own

strengthened, because in science I his son, Robert, who has since fulfilled a work and sacrifice. In our vicarious work

was trained to see order. In our mission in Switzerland. Before becoming for the salvation of our dead, we do follow

religion, God gives us infallible European Mission president in 1962, Elder our Lord and Savior and become saviors truth that we can prove to ourBurton was set apart as an Assistant to the ourselves for those who cannot save themselves by applying it to our lives."Council of the Twelve on October 9, 1960. selves."

From 192730 Elder Burton In June 1965, he became the West EuroThese are not mere words for Elder Burserved as a missionary in the pean Mission supervisor. ton, but rather principles he puts into

SwissGerman Mission. He later Theodore Burton has said, "In the next action. It has been said of him that "he has

served as bishop and high councilor world the question will not be how many sworn his loyalty to the kingdom!"

50 Improvement Era After being released from the service, he continued his education at Weber College and Utah State

University, receiving his bachelor's and master's degrees in education.

He married Donna Edith Smith, and they have nine children.

President George Albert Smith spoke in the Box Elder Tabernacle in 1948, encouraging the citizens of the community to support the use of the Bushnell Hospital facilities for an Indian school and promising that those in attendance would be blessed if they would do all they could to aid and encourage the project.

Elder Packer took this as a personal challenge, as did others.

When the first group of Indian students arrived in 1949, Elder

Packer, then a member of the seminary faculty, and J. Edwin

Baird were appointed to develop a

Church program for those students.

From this small beginning, the

Indian seminary program has grown and developed and is now used throughout the Church.

Elder Packer as sustained was an BOYD K. PACKER Assistant to the of Council the

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

Twelve at the October 1961 general conference. At that time he was

The tenth of eleven children of Ira W. He enlisted in the air cadet program of the supervisor of seminaries and instiand Emma Jensen Packer, Elder Boyd K. air force and was graduated as a pilot by the tutes of religion and was working on

Packer was born September 10, 1924, into a time he was twenty. As a lonely cadet, he his doctorate in education, which

home that was richly endowed with everyrecalls, he poured out his soul in prayer, he received from the Brigham thing except ready money. He was well promising that if he could succeed in acYoung University in June 1962.

schooled in the family circle in the principles complishing life's real purpose and resist Since August 1965 he has been that had made for his people an everyday temptation, he would dedicate himself to presiding over the New England religion of the restored gospel, and had made the Lord. Mission.

their arid homesites blossom as the rose. After additional training he was stationed The promise Elder Packer made

During his senior year in high school. in Hawaii, then in the Philippines. In when a young cadet to dedicate

Pearl Harbor embroiled the nation in war. October 1945 he was sent to Japan, where in himself to the Lord has been met

Following his graduation, he worked for his leisure time he had the opportunity of by his significant contribution to the contractors building the Bushnell aiding other servicemen i teaching the the education of youth in the

General Hospital at Brigham City, Utah. gospel to the Japanese peop e. Church.

November 1967 51 having been a member of the Salt

Lake Real Estate Board and the

Utah Home Builders Association, as well as past president of the

Granite School District Board of

Education.

Wherever he has resided. Elder

Brockbank has held responsible positions in the Church, including bishop of the Winder Ward in Salt

Lake City, stake high councilor, president of the Holladay Stake, and chairman of the Jordan Valley welfare region.

His great love for missionary work has come to fruition most forcefully since 1960, when he was named president of the North British Mission. When the mission

was divided in December 1960, he became president of the new

ScottishIrish Mission and, 18 months later, of the new Scottish

Mission. He was serving in the

latter mission area when, in October 1962, he was called as an

Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve.

When the Mormon Pavilion at BERNARD P. BROCKBANK intheAprilNew York1964, World'sits managingFair openeddirecAssistant to the Council of the Twelve tor was Elder Brockbank, whose

missionary enthusiasm and zeal

The spirit of missionary work is evident studies were interrupted in 1929 when he were now influencing the many in the life and personality of Elder accepted a call to the British Mission, missionaries who labored there

Bernard P. Brockbank. Most of his adult where he was district president for one year under his direction and the millife has been devoted to promulgating the and began the first of his missionary labors. lions of visitors who were introgospel, and when he speaks, it is with the He also served on a stake mission in 193435 duced to the restored gospel there.

enthusiasm and conviction of one who loves in Washington, D.C., while he was attendSince the close of the fair.

the work ( 'f the Lord and wants to share it ing school. Elder Brockbank has been assisting

with his fellowmen. On November 1, 1935, he married Nada in preparing displays for visitors

Elder Brockbank was born May 24, 1909, Rich, and they became the parents of five centers throughout the Church.

in Holladay, Utah, a son of Taylor P. and sons and one daughter. Sister Brockbank These displays incorporate many

Sarah LeCheminant Brockbank. He atdied August 1, 1967. of the ideas used so successfully at

tended Utah State Agricultural College, A wellknown Salt Lake City building conthe fair and are now helping to the University of Utah, and George Washtractor. Elder Brockbank has been active in teach even greater numbers of

ington University at Washington, D. C. His building associations as well as civic affairs, people the truths of the gospel.

32 Improvement Era For years James Alfred Cullimore had been leading and counseling members of the Church—as branch president at Sioux

City, Iowa, and at Oklahoma City; as president of the West

Oklahoma District; and then,

beginning October 23, 1960, as president of the new Oklahoma Stake. The Cullimore home was

always a haven where missionaries could find a good meal and recharge their spiritual batteries with quiet talk upon the great principles of the gospel.

But when, in December 1960, Elder CullimoFe was called to preside in the Central British

Mission, the people of Oklahoma

City, who knew him only as an eminently successful man who had built a thriving furniture business, could hardly understand how he could turn away from personal affairs to accept a church appointment of several years'duration. He did, however, and the

stature of the Church grew in Oklahoma. He was sustained as an

Assistant to the Council of the

April again 6, 1966,Twelve and A. CULLIMORE in JAMES of thethe image grew Church Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

the Midwest.

Elder Cullimore was born January 17, 1906, at Lindon, Utah, He began his long experience as a furniCouncil of the Twelve heard the problem a son of Albert L. and Luella ture buyer in 1932 with Gimble Brothers, and said: "This is where the Lord wants

Keetch Cullimore. In December New York City, and held the same position you. Teach your children well and then

1924 he was called to the Caliwith Mandel Brothers, Chicago. In 1937 he send them to BYU to school, and they

fornia Mission. He returned to became the buyer and home furnishings will marry in the Church. Things will work

study at Brigham Young Univermerchandise manager for Browns in Oklaout well for you."Within days, Elder Cullisity, where he was student body homa City. more had leased a building in Oklahoma

president. He married Grace During their early years in Oklahoma City to open his own furniture store, which

Gardner in the Salt Lake Temple City, the Cullimores had wondered if they soon prospered.

June 3, 1931. They went to New should return to Utah to rear their son and Branch president, district president,

York City, where he had a scholtwo daughters. World War II prevented stake president, mission president, Church

arship for graduate studies at the such a move. welfare committee man, friend! Elder

New York University School of While touring the Central States Mission Cullimore is all these and more as he daily

Retailing. in 1946, Elder Joseph F. Merrill of the goes about the work of the Lord.

November 1967 S3 At press time we learn with great sorrow of the death of President Ivins, who poised i away at his home at 7:05 the

B evening of October 18, 1967.

Michigan, Ann Arbor.

He married Vilate Ellen Romney on June 26, 1912. Until her passing

December 4, 1964, Sister Ivins often traveled with him as he fulfilled his many assignments.

Elder Ivins was engaged in ranching and agriculture in Utah before becoming manager of the

Church sugar plantation at Laie,

Hawaii, a position he held from 192131.

At the October 1931 semiannual general conference, he was sustained as a member of the First

Council of the Seventy.

He served as president of the Mexican Mission from August 1931 to March 1934. There he succeeded

the late Rey L. Pratt, who had

begun the translation of the Doctrine and Covenants into Spanish.

President Ivins continued this activity, assisted by Eduardo Balderas. One part after another

was printed until, in 1948, the complete Doctrine and Covenants and

Pearl of Great Price in Spanish came from the presses.

ANTOINE R. IVINS in Returning1934, Presidentfrom theIvinsmissionplungedfield

of the First Council of the Seventy with all his vigor into his fulltime assignment as a General Authority.

hat can you say about Antoine R. was sure to contain a fishing pole as well as a He has served as senior president of

Ivins?"a friend was asked. book. the First Council since the death"W"President Ivins is one of God's noble men, When Antoine was 15, the family moved of Levi Edgar Young, December

possessing a rare sense of balance or temperato Mexico, where his father was president of 13, 1963.

ment. He is gracious, kind, humble, and corthe Juarez Stake and president of the MexiThere is hardly a stake of the

dial with all. In the councils of the Church can Colonization and Agricultural Company. Church that has not felt of his

and in his daily life he has an inward and a Antoine continued his schooling at Juarez warmth as he has spoken the great calming, selfdisciplined strength that reAcademy and later at the School of Juristruths of the gospel from their peatedly manifests itself in times of stress."prudence, Mexico City. When his father was pulpits, often using stories rich in

Antoine Ridgeway Ivins was born May 11, sustained as a member of the Council of the humor and ways of life. He has

1881, at St. George, Utah, a son of Anthony Twelve at the October 1907 general conaided the Church to grow strong,

W. and Elizabeth Ashby Snow Ivins. As a ference, the family moved to Salt Lake City, and has seen its membership and

youth, he was often his father's willing comand Antoine entered the University of Utah. activity increase many fold since

panion on trips, where the pack on the horse He also studied law at the University of being called as a General Authority.

54 Improvement Era April 1945, when S. Dilworth

In Young was called to the First Council of the Seventy, Elder Richard L. Evans commented

editorially in The Improvement

Era: "God qualifies men according

to the demands of the day and the needs of the Church."In one of

his first talks, this new General

Authority said, "The need for work with boys entered the valley with the pioneers. "

Here was the need, and here was the man to meet the need.

Elder Young was serving as Scout executive of the Ogden, Utah, area council when he received his new calling, and one of his friends said, "Well, that's fine for you, but what will the poor Boy Scouts do?"

From that Ogden group. Elder

Young's work with boys, with all young people, and with leaders of youth has extended worldwide.

President Young was born in Salt Lake City on September 7, 1897, a son of Seymour B. Young,

Jr., and Carlie Louine Young

Clawson. He attended Granite High S. DILWORTH YOUNG

of the First Council of the Seventy

School, where he was elected president of the student body in 1917. After high school graduation, Randolph, who was killed in action in Belsensitive and penetrating.

he successfully passed all the tests gium in 1944, and Leonore, who is now When he was a young deacon, Seymour for the U.S. Naval Academy at Mrs. Blaine P. Parkinson. After the death Dilworth Young spoke of his supervisor,

Annapolis, to which he had been of his wife Gladys, he married Huldah John D. Giles, as a man "who made the

appointed, only to find that a Parker on January 4, 1965. business of being a deacon seem very real."

minor physical ailment barred his In May 1947, President Young was called In his years as a member of the First Counentrance. He joined the 145th to preside over the New England Mission. cil of the Seventy, working with council

Field Artillery, serving in France Another dimension was added to his work members and with other seventies throughuntil 1918. with the youth of the Church, and returning out the Church, and speaking to the saints

In 1920 Elder Young was called missionaries reported that President Young's assembled in conferences, Elder Young has to the Central States Mission. Readvice was, "Lean on the Lord."made the work of the seventies a real and

turning home, he married Gladys Elder S. Dilworth Young is a gifted writer important assignment, one of great signifiPratt on May 31, 1923. Two chilof prose and poetry. His prose writing has cance to the kingdom and great dignity to

dren were born to them: Dilworth a distinct and beautiful style; his poetry is the individual.

November 1967 55 ter, Elder Hunter was schooled early in gospel precepts by his faithful parents. By high school

graduation time. Elder Hunter

knew he wanted to gain all the knowledge he could. However,

finances were hard to come by, so after some initial college classes, he taught school in the winters and continued his own education during summers, a pattern that increasingly turned his heart toward religious education.

When he finally received his bachelor's and master's degrees from Brigham Young University, he had been a principal in Nevada, headed two Utah junior high schools, and had served as principal of two seminaries.

Elder Hunter married Feme Gardner of Lehi in 1931, and they have six children. He taught seminary while he pursued his Ph.D;

then he accepted a position at the

Logan (Utah) Institute of Religion and entered a lifetime of research and writing.

just Within years a few he had R. MILTON HUNTER for written Western many America

of of the First Council the Seventy historical journals, his history of

Utah had been chosen as—and

Milton R. Hunter has had a profound professor abruptly said, "Hunter, I won't let still is—a text for Utah schools,

influence upon gospeloriented you throw your career away on some little and he had written several notethought. His writings on such subjects as Mormon seminary in Utah. You have the worthy books on the subject of

the Pearl of Great Price, Book of Mormon makings of one of America's great historians. Church history.

archeology, Church history, and the gospel I haven't spent these years in order for you On April 6, 1945, Elder Hunter through the ages form an indelible impresto expend this training fruitlessly. If you will was called to the First Council of

sion in the minds of many Latterday Saints. change your mind, we will secure for you a the Seventy, and his search for

Described as one "gifted by a thirst for proper place in a great university where truth and its promulgation took on knowledge,"Elder Hunter early impressed expectations, and the training you have renew dimensions. Now, 22 books

others with his potential. After he received ceived, may be realized."But Brother Hunand hundreds of articles later,

his doctorate in history from the University ter turned his attention back to his home rather than having expended of California at Berkeley in 1935, Elder Hunand the Church. "his training fruitlessly,"Elder

ter was chatting with Dr. Herbert Bolton, Born October 25, 1902, in Holden, Utah, Hunter has created a lasting

famous librarian and historian, when the to John Edward and Margaret Teeples Hunmemory for his labors.

56 Improvement Era i IP here is nothing in this world

I that I would rather do than have the privilege of preaching the gospel and of devoting such time and abilities as the Lord may bless me with to the building up of his kingdom."These words of

Bruce R. McConkie of the First

Council of the Seventy strike the guiding keynote of his life.

Elder McConkie was bom to Oscar W. and Vivian Redd McConkie on July 29, 1915, at Ann

Arbor, Michigan, where his father was studying law at the University of Michigan. At age 11, young

Bruce would gather his brothers and sisters about him to read to them the Book of Mormon.

After retvuning to Salt Lake City, he attended LDS High School during its last two years of existence, and in 193436 he served in the Eastern States Mission. He was

graduated from the University of

Utah in 1937 with a bachelor of arts degree and in 1939 with a bachelor of laws degree. In June

in his doctorate1967 he received R. McCONKIE BRUCE

13,the October same field. On of the First Council of the Seventy

1937, he married Amelia Smith, daughter of President Joseph Fielding Smith. They have nine children. For many years he was servicemen's coorIn October 1951 general conference, he

He was set apart on October 10, dinator for the Church. He has also served reported the following experience: "Six

1946, as a member of the First as president of the Southern Australian months ago in the solemn assembly, when

Council of the Seventy. Mission. His knowledge and continual the First Presidency of the Church were

Elder McConkie has been a study of the scriptures have thrilled Church sustained, as I sat here, the voice of the member of the Utah State Bar and audiences and classes, and his keen sense Lord came into my mind as certainly, I am a practicing attorney, assistant of humor adds reality to his teachings. sure, as the voice of the Lord came into the

city attorney and city prosecutor, In a conference address President McConmind of Enos, as it said: 'These are they

and a security and intelligence kie said, "The great compelling necessity, whom I have chosen as the First Presidency officer in the U.S. Army's Ninth the overwhelming obligation that rests upon of my Church. Follow them.'That witness

Service Command. He joined the us as members of this great latterday kingwas an added assurance of the divinity of

American Legion and at present dom is to come to a knowledge of the law the work."To this theme, "follow the

holds the rank of lieutenant colonel of the Lord."To this end Elder McConkie brethren,"Bruce McConkie has dedicated

in the Field Artillery Reserves. has worked and studied diligently. his life.

November 1967 57 ou don't get an ivory Ittower feeling about him,"replied a young returned missionary when asked about his relationship with Marion DuflF Hanks.

"President Hanks is very much in contact with the world ordinary people live in. He seems to come

to grips with daily excitements and opportunities and experiences."

Talk to building custodians, secretarial help, childhood friends, fellow General Authorities, or the soldier just home from Vietnam, and you'll learn that Brother Hanks is loved because he has shown his concern for their welfare. Many

a quiet battle he has fought to bring peace to his fellowman.

Many a courageous stand he's taken to insure fair judgment of a person or a problem.

Marion D. Hanks was born

October 13, 1921, in Salt Lake

City to Stanley A. and Maude

Frame Hanks. He married the

former Maxine Christensen of in 1949, Hawaii,Honolulu, five children. Theirthey have and MARION D. HANKS

home has always been open to of the First Council of the Seventy people in need of a place to stay, a place to be comforted, a place was graduated from the University of Era of Youth, he has had a wide influence to be healed. Regardless of his Utah Law School and has his juris doctor on the youth of the Church.

race, religious belief, station, or degree from that institution. But rather Ask about Marion D. Hanks and the anproblem in life, the stranger is than practice law, he decided to teach swers reflect the many facets of his personwarmly welcomed into their home. institute and seminary classes. His Book of ality and the depth of his contribution:

A desire to serve his Heavenly Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants "He listens. ""His conference talks are

Father has been the motivating classes, which he teaches at the University always so relevant.""I've noticed how comforce of President Hanks'life. of Utah Institute of Religion, attract large fortable he seems among the greatest souls

When just a young deacon, he becrowds, often filling the institute chapel. and the most brilliant minds.""Do you regan staying up long past midnight In October 1953 he was called to serve in member this quote, T could tell where the

to read the standard works. the First Council of the Seventy. President lamplighter was by the trail he left beThough a fine athlete, he gave Hanks finds his greatest joy is to assist and hind'? Well, you can tell where Duff Hanks

better. He caresup a college athletic scholarship to encourage people in their search for enhas been, too—people are

serve the Lord as a missionary. He lightenment and truth, and as editor of the about people."

58 Improvement Era Marines and served two and a half years as a line officer in the Pacific theater. He was the person who

returned to the ship to obtain the

American flag that was to be raised on Mt. Suribachi on Iwo Jima. The

raising of the flag has been the subject of legends, sculptures, pictures, and even motion pictures.

Returning home, he began teaching in the seminary system, serving in Utah and Idaho communities while he pursued his master of education degree at Stanford University in the summers. After serving as director of the institute of

religion at Reno, Nevada, he was appointed in 1953 as supervisor of seminaries and institutes for the

Church Schools.

A colleague describes him as one blessed with the "unusual ability for administrative procedures, one who has the rare ability to stand back and look at a complete organization and get the whole picture."

Another longtime acquaintance has said, "His depth of scholarship and thoughtful reflection are greatly his qualities as are admired,

for A. THEODORE TUTTLE of compassion concern and

of the First Council of the Seventy others."

On April 10, 1958, Elder Tuttle

The mother of Elder A. Theodore Tiittle his school days in high school and at nearby was called to the First Council of

could not have know that when she Snow College he won the leads in plays and the Seventy. Three years later he

insisted on her sixyear-old son's memorizoperettas and was a student leader. was appointed president of the

ing his Sunday School talks, she was preparSo close had been his relationship with missions in South America, where ing him for speaking assignments that would his seminary teacher that when Elder Tuttle he helped direct the growth of carry his words around the world. But such transferred to Brigham Young University Church membership from 20,000

was her faith in her only son that she often after a Northern States mission, he deto 40,000 in four years. Among his

referred to him as a "child of promise,"cided to concentrate in religious education. present assignments is supervising

impressing upon him the need to be worthy His senior year was highlighted by his reSpanish-speaking missions in North for a life of service. ceiving an award as outstanding student in America. His lifelong love for

Elder Tuttle was born March 2, 1919, at religious education, and by his marriage on teaching the gospel has indeed

Manti, Utah, to Albert Mervin and Clarice July 26, 1943, to Marne Whitaker. They are been recognized by the Lord.

Montez Beal. He developed an early reputhe parents of seven children. Elder Tuttle is a great educator in

tation as an orator and debater, and during Shortly after marriage, he entered the the Lord's kingdom.

November 1967 under his Cardinal contract. Elder

Dunn broke his collarbone. With

his chances dim for full recovery, and a growing concern about Sunday baseball, he turned to another field—education.

Elder Dunn attended Chapman College and graduated in 1953 with a bachelor's degree in religion.

The following year he received his master's degree from the University of Southern California. In the

meantime he had converted, baptized, and married the Chapman

College president's daughter, Jeanne Cheverton (they are the parents of three daughters) and had begun his career with the Church

School System as a seminary teacher in Los Angeles.

He served as southern California assistant coordinator of seminaries, then as director of the institute of religion adjacent to the University of Southern California. In 1959 he

also received his doctorate in education from USC. He was

serving as coordinator of all institutes of religion in southern

PAUL H. DUNN Californiato the First Councilwhen heof thewasSeventycalled

of the First Council of the Seventy on April 6, 1964.

President Dunn's experience in

To soldierthe frightenedin a foxholeand onwoundedthe islandyoungof feelingthe Churchof assuranceof JesusthatChristGod wasdid againexist andon theChurcheducationalhas given himprogramskeen insightsof the

Guam during World War II, there came an earth."into the needs and concerns of

overpowering desire to have answers to some Elder Dunn was born April 24, 1924, at contemporary youth and adults.

serious questions. Death had wasted the Provo, Utah, to Joshua Harold and Geneva He has written many lessons for

lives of many of his companions, and there Roberts Dunn. He early developed a love use in the auxiliaries, drawing

kept coming into his mind with recurring for sports, and did so well in baseball that upon his own experiences and his intensity the thoughts: Is there a God? Is after playing on his high school team in knowledge of youth and their

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Los Angeles, he signed a contract with the problems. These insights and his

Saints the true church? In deep concern St. Louis Cardinals as a pitcher and was pleasant personality are valuable

and fear. Elder Paul H. Dunn prayed with farmed out to the Pioneer and Pacific Coast assets in his present assignments

earnestness and humility. Of this experience leagues. The war interrupted his baseball in the Church, which include servhe says, "Immediately there came into my career. ing as international president of

soul a sweet spirit, a feeling of comfort, a Following the war, while again pitching the LDS Student Association.

60 Improvement Era mission secretary, and it was in the mission home in Rotterdam that he met a lovely Netherlands girl, Ariena Stok. She later emigrated to Utah, and the couple

were married in the Salt Lake Temple Jxme 18, 1930. They now

have two daughters.

Returning to Ogden, Bishop Vandenberg became associated with a livestock firm at the Ogden

Union Stockyards. In 1940 he was

transferred to Denver, where his interests also included textiles and ranching. He entered the audiovisual business in 1950. In 1955,

he became vice chairman of the

Church Building Committee, in charge of finances.

Throughout his life Bishop Vandenberg has been completely devoted to the Church, serving willingly in every position to which he has been called—ward choir director, elders quorum counselor,

seventies quorum president, stake mission president. He was first

counselor in the Denver Stake JOHN H. VANDENBERG presidencyselor in theandEnsignthen secondStake counpresi-

Presiding Bishop dency, a position he held when, on September 30, 1961, he was the late nineteenth century a band of in this dispensation. sustained as Presiding Bishop.

In devout immigrants from the Netherlands, The Vandenbergs settled in Ogden, and As Presiding Bishop, he is holder converts to The Church of Jesus Christ of Bishop Vandenberg later declared that perof the keys of presidency over the

Latterday Saints, boarded a ship at Rotterhaps the thing that influenced him most and Aaronic Priesthood. Asked what

dam to begin their journey to faroff Salt set the pattern for his whole life was the advice he would give to young

Lake Valley. Aboard the ship was handexample of love and service set by his boys today, he replied, "Live close

some young Dirk Vandenberg, who was soon parents. to your parents and heed their

attracted to Maria Alkema. Their romance He decided early that accounting would counsel."Bishop John Vandenberg

blossomed, and after they arrived in Utah, be his life's work. He studied at Weber knows whereof he speaks, for rethey were married in the Salt Lake EndowAcademy and, through correspondence membering and following through

ment House. From this union came six courses and additional study at night school, the years the wise counsel and exchildren, including a son, John Henry, born became proficient in business and finance. ample of his immigrant parents

December 18, 1904, who was to become In 1925 he was called to serve a mission in has been one of the strongest motithe ninth Presiding Bishop of the Church the Netherlands. While there he served as vating forces in his own life.

November 1967 61 Bishop Robert L. Simpson possesses an engaging smile, one

that says, "I know something that can make you better, and I'm just seeking an opportunity to share it with you."Bishop Simpson was born August 8, 1915, at Salt Lake City, the son of Heber C. and Lille C. Leatham

Simpson. The family moved to

southern California when he was five. After graduating from Santa

Monica City College, he was called to serve in the New Zealand

Mission; and in being set apart,

on April 14, 1937, he was blessed "with a knowledge of the people amongst whom you will labor."

During the second month of his mission he dreamed that he had returned home and found his family and the people of his ward all speaking the Maori tongue and that he could not understand a word they said. Awakening, he

had two thoughts: he must put

forth more effort to learn the language, and this knowledge of the language would be of value to him beyond the term of his mission. He worked at it, and in a ROBERT L SIMPSON

short time the promise of his blessFirst Counselor in the Presiding Bishopric ing was fulfilled.

When World War II began. counsel in their own tongue that he was to return to their mission area with their

Bishop Simpson was commissioned able to give. families. For Robert Simpson, this came

in the air force. Knowing that he On June 24, 1942, he married in the true, for he was set apart as president of

might be assigned to a fighting Arizona Temple Jelaire Kathryn Chandler, the New Zealand Mission July 28, 1958.

front, he hoped it would be the a native of Ogden who, like himself, had He saw a temple and a college dedicated

South Seas, where he might again grown up in southern California. They have and two stakes organized, all within the

work with the Maori people. Intwo sons and a daughter. confines of the mission.

stead, his air force unit was sent to Bishop Simpson served as a member of the He was called as first counselor in the

Egypt. Within 48 hours he had disInglewood (California) Stake high council, Presiding Bishopric at the October 1961

covered that at an adjacent base then as counselor in his ward bishopric, general conference. In this position he is

was an entire Maori battalion from stake mission president, and stake YMMIA concerned with the temporal affairs of the

New Zealand. Many of the South superintendent. His vocation for 20 years Church; he is concerned with youth; and

Sea islanders were homesick, and was with the Pacific Telephone Company. his is concerned with people—all the people

they welcomed the leisuretime Many returned missionaries have a desire of the Church.

62 Improvement Era he was nine years old,When Victor L. Brown was taken,

with his brother, to the Alberta

Temple to be sealed to his parents. "I can still remember, just

as distinctly as though it were yesterday, the meaning of that ordinance. It brought the greatest

peace into my heart that any experience has ever accomplished,"he recalls. "On the appointed day

I became very ill with a high fever. My parents considered

postponing the appointment, but I pleaded with them not to delay one day. I wanted the assurance as a

child that I would have my parents for time and all eternity."

This experience as a youth set the stage for a lifetime of service and love for the Church for Bishop Victor L. Brown, who is

today second counselor in the Presiding Bishopric. He was born

July 31, 1914, at Cardston, Alberta, Canada, a son of Gerald S.

and Maggie Lee Brown and a nephew of President Hugh B.

Brown. When he was 16 years old,the family moved to Salt Lake VICTOR L. BROWN

City, and he attended South High Second Counselor in the Presiding Bishopric

School, the University of Utah, and LDS Business College. He the man with whom he was later to serve into his own as he was asked to serve as

also studied at the University of in the Presiding Bishopric—Bishop John counselor in the Presiding Bishopric. "At

California at Berkeley. In Novem- H. Vandenberg. that moment, this thought went through

ber 1936 he was married to Lois In 1940 he began working for United Air my mind: 'Only one greater could be asking

Kjar, and they are the parents of Lines and served for the next 21 years in me to serve, and that would be the Savior five children. supervisory and management capacities in himself.'"

Bishop Brown's growth in the Washington, D.C., Denver, and Chicago. Bishop Brown was sustained to his new

Church has been steady, his He was assistant to the director of reservacalling on September 30, 1961, and set apart service including executive positions at Chicago when, in September 1961, October 6, 1961. Among his new responsitions in the priesthood quorums he received a telephone call asking him if bilities and challenges has been establishing

and auxiliaries, bishop of the Denhe could meet with President McKay in Salt a translation, publication, and distribution ver Fourth Ward, and counselor in Lake City early the next morning. organization for the Church, covering more

the Denver Stake presidency, In President McKay's private office, he rethan a dozen languages and spanning most where his fellow counselor was calls, the Prophet's eyes penetrated deeply of the mission areas of the world.

November 1967 63 Fiftieth Anniversary

of the Church Office Building

The Church Administration Building, President David O. McKay has greeted east of the site, as the granite for the

47 East South Temple, has been called many leaders of the nation and the world. Salt Lake Temple. The building's graceone of the most beautiful office buildings The cornerstone was laid in 1914, and ful and pleasing architectural style is

in the world. But it is more than that. the building was opened in 1917 during Grecian Ionic. Twentyfour Ionic colIt is where the authorities of the Church the administration of President Joseph F. umns form a colonnade around the buildhave their offices and make many signifiSmith, sixth President of the Church. ing, with heavy masses of masonry at

cant decisions that affect the entire President Smith had his office there until each corner. A massive entablature,

Church membership. It is where many his passing in November 1918. featuring many beautiful carvings, rests

stake presidents and bishops come for The building, built on land once beon the columns.

counsel, and where members come, when longing to President Brigham Young, is The building, five stories high plus so directed, to seek additional guidance. directly west of the pioneer leader's two the basement, is rectangular in shape,

It is where missionaries come, in youthhomes, the Beehive House and the Lion measuring 101 feet 11 inches on the ful eagerness, to the missionary departHouse. The exterior is granite, taken front side and 165 feet 3 inches in depth,

ment on the fourth floor. It is where from the same area, some 25 miles southwith a height above the ground of 80

64 Improvement Era IS YOUR FOOD STORAGE PROGRAM ECONOMICALLY SOUNO?

feet, A total of 4,517 granite stones Prophet must make as he directs the make up the structure. The largest stone, Church and the kingdom here upon

which served as the cornerstone, is at the the earth.

southwest corner and weighs eight tons. From the entry hall of the first floor,

The entire weight of the stone work is an exquisitely curved marble staircase Wheatage program,is the keepheart yourof anywheatfoodsupplystor- 6,205 tons. leads to the offices of the members of onthana riskregularspoilage.turnoverWrite forbasisinformarather

Across the main entrance at the south the Council of the Twelve, the Patriarch tionwheat. aboutMake yourhighprotein,food storagecleanedproof the building are bronze grills, which to the Church, the Assistants to the gram a practical program.

slide into the wall when the building is Council of the Twelve, the First CounAND SURPRISE!

open. Beyond these, a pair of solid bronze cil of the Seventy, the Presiding BishopThat wheat you have stored in your

basement makes the most delicious and plate glass doors, hung in a frame of ric, the Church Historian, and others. bread and other baked goods. Now

you can convert your stored wheat the same bronze material, open into a At general conference time, the buildinto wholesome natural flour at your convenience by using the superb Allspacious entry hall whose floor is of white ing literally overflows with members of Grain Flour Mill.

marble and whose walls are of Utah the Church who find occasion to enter A MODERN ADAPTATION golden travise marble. it. At other times, groups of seminary The AllGrain Mill is a modern elecNorth of the entrance area is the main students and others may be found tourtrictwo-stonerefinementflour ofmillthe thatold fashioned,preserves

reception hall, which is also floored in ing the building and seeing for themnature'svor with marvelousexceptionalnutritioneconomy.and flamarble, with 16 fluted monoliths made selves some of the historic records stored healthStart nowand toeconomy.enjoy topMillsflavor,availablegood

of golden travise marble. there. Tourists, who are always welcome, inonetwoyear.sizes.EasyAllterms.mills guaranteed for

At the extreme north end of this floor may receive a pamphlet stating that For full information, write:

is a room for the First Presidency that is Utah marble and onyx and rare wood beautifully finished in walnut and marble. from parts of the United States, HonALL-GRAIN FLOUR MILL

Along the east wall is a fireplace with a duras, Caucasiis (southeastern Russia), Dept. E, P.O. Box 168

mantel of white travertine. and elsewhere lend their beauty to the Brigham City, Utah 84302

or At the west side of the first floor is a interior of the building. P.O. Box 115

board room where the General AuthoriThe address of the Church AdminisTremonton, Utah 84337 ties meet to discuss the affairs of the tration Building—47 East South Temple,

Church. This room, approximately the Salt Lake City, Utah—has come to have t.>->(.-i t.-.t-M.rn.ii<,,iv.(,rKri

same size as the First Presidency's room, much meaning for members of the is characterized by a large Utah traverChurch. To a prospective missionary,

tine mantel and fireplace with a marble an envelope bearing this return address oci n.U.z aLoisd one. aab. but

hearth, reminiscent of the fact that an is something to be anticipated with joy, open fire was often needed in the days to be read and reread until its contents y ne obznzd anoiket.

when the building was new. are memorized, and then to be placed V—UxUk lP'iou,%b.

The private office of President David away among life's keepsakes. Third and

O. McKay is in the northeast corner of even fourth generations of Church

the first floor. In this office, President members are receiving direction and

F. Smith, President HeberJoseph guidance within from that come J. Grant, this DISEET Albert as Smith Georgeand President granite each beautiful building it begins

also labored with the decisions that the its second half century of service. O MORTUARY

THOUGHT FOR THE MONTH CUT OUT & ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION

November 1967 65 patient's a sure the causes of what makes perfunctory visit, and hopes

is for best. correct the diagnosis Thus, The Home symptoms.

the first step. But the wise home teacher, underTeacher and

is not standing Although behavior teacher what the home controls human

will is trained Understanding usually a counselor working to and through the Spirit, who diagnose personality problems, he is begin to explore the question, "What Human Nature

By Wilford D. Lee not completely without tools. He has causes this person to be inactive?"

fome teaching tosome effective strengths and resources By and large, people's actions are day is one of the that many trained counselors do not controlled by their desires. If their most challengingHundertakings in the have. In the first place, he is endowed desires coincide with the principles and

Church. However, many home teachers with the priesthood, an important facet practices of the gospel, all is well and

do not realize either the difficulty or of which is the gift of discernment. This good. But often when people follow

the complexity of their work, because gift, when used by a gifted and devoted their desires, they find themselves actmost of them do not recognize the perteacher, is a remarkable instrument. To ing contrary to the teachings of the

sonal and social problems with which further help in the process of diagnosis, gospel. Adults, as well as children,

they must deal. As a result, many the home teacher can use honest and tend to do those things that they like

frustrated home teachers feel inadesincere friendship, deep love, and the to do and avoid doing those things quate and disoriented because they do other gifts of the Holy Ghost. that they dislike. While there are nonot know how to proceed. Moreover, the home teacher would table exceptions to this rule, the home

The work of the home teacher falls be more confident and less confused if teacher would do well to study the into two general divisions—diagnosis he were aware of some of the principles likes and dislikes of each member of

and treatment. Each of these divisions of human behavior that he is attemptthe inactive family. If he can discover

contains difficulties which, unless the ing to diagnose. Often the home what each family member does to obteacher understands them, make his teacher must "fly blind"; he hesitates tain satisfaction, he may have a winteaching ineffective. Some failures before entering the home of an inactive dow into his soul.

stem from the fact that teachers are member, wondering how to proceed. In order to learn why a person acts

not acquainted with the laws that conOr perhaps the home teacher, unable as he does, the home teacher must trol human behavior. to understand the attitudes of the inSome of the ills that the teacher active family, goes into the home.

must diagnose are similar to the disabilities that confront the physician. AAelchizedek Priesthood

Neither the physician nor the home teacher can proceed with successful treatment unless he knows what is wrong. When the patient is ill, the

doctor subjects him to a series of tests.

Having properly diagnosed the case, he proceeds with the treatment. The

same is true with the home teacher.

The point to remember is that neither the doctor nor the home teacher should attempt treatment until he is

If home teachers had a knowledge

of attitudes, there would be less "flying blind"and

perfunctory visiting.

also study such inner urges as whom Thus, when an attitude is fully develthe home teacher is to bring about a he loves, what are his ambitions and oped, its emotional content is the sum change of behavior, he must first aspirations, what are his ideals, 'his total of all the feelings that the person change the feeling. And in this conhopes, and his dreams. Usually people experienced while it was developing. nection, in diagnosing the person's

do not act because of what they That is, attitudes develop as the result attitudes, the home teacher must disknow; rather, they act because of how of one or a series of emotionally cover how the person really feels. It

they feel. Thus, feelings, or the emocharged experiences. If the experiences may be that, for convention's sake, he

tionally charged forces within them, were pleasant, the attitude will be will try to cover up his real attitudes;

stimulate and control action. These pleasant and favorable, and the action but careful observation of his unmotivating forces are called attitudes. that results will also be pleasant and guarded speech and actions will usually

Many observers are convinced that all favorable. On the other hand, if the reveal his true feelings.

human actions are activated by attiexperiences were unpleasant and unThe specialized attitudes that we call tudes. For this reason home teachers favorable, the resulting attitude will likes and dislikes are extremely impor-

—wheremust developthey a comeknowledgefrom, of howattitudesthey alsoand thebe actionsunpleasantor theandrefusalunfavorable,to act tant,long asbecausea persontheylikescontrolgood action.things andAs

develop, and especially how they can will be in accordance with the attitude. dislikes bad ones, all is well. It is only

be changed if they are negative. Thus, depending upon the pleasantwhen a person learns to dislike good

One of the first things the home ness or unpleasantness of the exthings and to like bad things that teacher should know is that while attiperiences, two persons having the trouble begins. The home teacher has

tudes always contain some information, same information can have oppo- a real problem if he finds a member they are strongly emotional in nature; site attitudes. It is not the informawho has learned to dislike Sunday

and it is the emotion, not the information that causes the person to act; School, who does not support the

tion, that causes the person to act. it is the favorableness or unfavorChurch authorities, and who has

ableness of the attitude. Therefore, if learned to like things that are bad for

him. His difficulties are multiplied if

these feelings have become fixed. It is

not easy to change deeply imbedded likes and dislikes.

Perhaps the best way to become acquainted with peoples'attitudes is to listen attentively. The home teacher

Photo by Etdon Linschoten

C should not go into a home primarily toUse today or store away I

Multiple Vitamins talk or to deliver a message; rather, he

Safeguard your family's health.. and Minerals should listen to what the family memnow and later with a plentiful supply of: MultiPurpose Food bers have to say. By intelligent questioning, he can get them to talk about

HIGH POTENCY VITAMIN C tablets (Ascorbic Add) supply adults with minimum daily requirement. Helps themselves and their experiences. In

protect family during cold winter months. Big Savings! this way he can discover the feelings

MULTIPLE VITAMINS AND MINERALS contain 14 vithat have caused the person to become tamins and 6 minerals. Be sure each member of your

family takes a tablet a day for an essential dietary food inactive. This knowledge will help him

supplement. You'll save more at PermaPak. to formulate a program of treatment.

MULTIPURPOSE FOOD... ideal as a low calorie Little by little, as he listens with perdiet, fortifier. or extender food supplement,complete ception and understanding, he will gain

living, for storing, for for mobile or outdoorMarvelous emergencies, for every day use. MPF is precooked. Add skill in diagnosis; and through his own

juices, fruits dishes, stew, to soups, breads,dry meat and experiences with people, he will become boiling items.dozens of other food water to make Add

delicious cereal or vegetable. more sensitive to the personal and social at a better ills that then buy pricesmake PermaPak a person may have causedCompare

civilChurch, defense, leaders greater Telephone: government urge indifferent become to the Church. (801) 4869671 to feel store secure!personal preparedness. and Plan to

orders. persingle Pool a prices gains and group When for on the home teacherWrite

rates, of low trucking advantage with to take othersorder your |3|SSJJ""""""""'13 will son's confidence, that person often i\/| JL|3XX|0

Residents of California Southern contact: PIONEEPS PRODUCTS The IN PREPAREDNESS Wheat

Kernel, 7554 Katella Ave., Stanton, California 90680 reveal the innermost secrets of his

Phone 6351352, 8288421 40 E. 2430 S., Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 heart. It is at this time that the most

effective diagnosis can be made.

What can the home teacher do once he has completed his diagnosis? Can SOUTH AMERICA

attitudes really be changed? Of course 3030 DAYSDAYS——JANJANUARY 30 DEPARTURE

alter their lives in conformity to gospel * HOLY LAND they can! Every day people repent and 2121 DAYSDAYS——APRILAPR 8 DEPARTURE ideals. But it is not easy. However,

here is a rule that will bring about the

SOUTH PACIFIC CIRCLE desired change if it is followed long 30 DAYS—JUNE 6 DEPARTURE enough and applied strongly enough:

Three Great Tours Put Together By The Professionals Since an attitude is developed by having an experience, it can be changed only by having a stronger, opposite

MURDOCK TRAVEL, INC. experience. An attitude is changed by

14 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 the application of a strong, contrasting

Please send me information about feeling. A strong, positive feeling

South America Holy Land South Pacific will erase and destroy a negative feeling. A good feeling, if it is applied

long enough, will destroy a bad feeling. MURDOCK NameAddress

But these feelings must be applied in

TRAVEL City State Zip.... the form of experiences. What experiences can a home teacher create and

apply to an inactive person so as to destroy his antagonistic attitudes?

First, he can be a good friend. The

emotional impact of real friendship is

The Improvement Era is an ideal powerful, but any friendship is only as strong as the person who offers It.

Christmas remembrance for your The home teacher who develops real friendship with an inactive person has a family and friends. Give the gift of forceprice. workingOften forfriendshiphim that aloneis beyondcan

work wonders in changing an inactive lasting value. The Improvement Era. person's attitudes.

68 improvement Era LTV ELECTROSYSTEMS, INC.

Second, the home teacher can apply love. In its purest form, love is the Memcor Montek Operation

strongest force in the universe. How2268 South 3270 West

ever, it takes a really great person to Salt Lake City, Utah love in the way Jesus loved. A man's

has openings for qualified personnel in the following job classifications:

ability to help his fellowman by his love is limited only by his power to grow. PROJECT ENGINEERS

The third and most powerful reBSEE or other bachelors degree with suitable experience in electronic design.

source available to the home teacher Mustpreparedhaveto demonstratedassume responsibilitycapabilityforin ansolidstateentire projectcircuit fromdesignproposaland mustthroughbe is the Spirit of God. If the home design and development to release for production. Experience in design using

teacher is honest in his search for integratedcially desirable,circuitsbutand/ornot essential.experience in navigational aids such as TACAN is espespirituality, and if he uses the gifts of

the Holy Ghost to counteract bad attiDESIGN ENGINEERS

BSEE or equivalent. Minimum of three years'experience in electronic circuit

tudes, he will find that he greatly indesign. Familiar with discrete solidstate and/or integrated circuit techniques. Will

electronic for design be responsible circuitry and of complex development andcreases his ability to substitute good preproduction design devices through from initial phase. model

feelings for bad feelings.

It is obvious, then, that every home JR. & SR. INSTRUMENTATION ENGINEERS

teacher should become an expert on operationBSEE, Physics,of instrumentationor Equivalent.systems,Minimumincludingthree years'monitoring,experiencedata processing,in design andand

attitudes. He must not only learn to controls. Desirable to have experience in nuclear reactor instrumentation, radiarecognize both good and bad attitudes, tion monitoring instrumentation, or process Instrumentation.

but he must also discover their causes. SENIOR PUBLICATIONS ENGINEER

of military technical in the preparation of 5 years'experience Requires a minimumThen he must create experiences that, with MIL-T-9941, be experienced (SHIPS) manuals. Must MIL-M-1570IE or NAV

when applied with friendship, love, and SHIPS 94500 and be capable of generating written text from engineering drawthe Spirit of God, will bring about reworkingings afterknowledgesome consultationof solidstatewithelectronicdesign circuitry.engineering personnel. Requires a

generation. Not until he has gained

such knowledge and power will he be as TECHNICAL WRITER

Requires experience in the preparation of technical reports and instruction effective a home teacher as he should manuals. Will work under senior publication engineers and editors. Should

be. If he hopes to succeed, he must have a knowledge of military publication specifications and some exposure to

solidstate electronic circuitry.

act in accordance with the laws that control human behavior. INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERS

"There is a law, irrevocably decreed productionBSIE or equivalent.process andThreestandards,to fiveworkyears'measurement,experience andin facilitiesbidding ofandelectronictooling

in heaven before the foundations of equipment.

this world, upon which all blessings are UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY TO JOIN RAPIDLY EXPANDING AND predicated PROGRESSIVE CORPORATION IN UTAH.

"And when we obtain any blessing from God, it is by obedience to that law Advanced degree and/orfavorablegreaterconsiderations.experience will result in more

upon which it is predicated."(D&C

ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS SEND RESUMES TO 130:2021.) W. P. KING

The most effective home teacher is

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH P. O. BOX 11607—the studies one who carefully the laws

i: Opportunity Employer An Equal that control behavior. deBy human

veloping skill in the application of these >WWW%WW%WV%VWW\%WV%WVVVVVW%WV%%>%WVVV%W%WV% laws, he can influence for good those families assigned to him.

But every home teacher should be ELSIE C. CARROLL'S

Volume of Poems warned: do not weary in well doing.

The man who has spent 40 years deSunshine & Shadows 2nd printing veloping bad attitudes, whose likes and Copies now available for Christmas giving JEWELRY CO.

'DA 2-1039 2WEST2ND. SOUTHdislikes principles are contrary to the or for at bookstore your $1.75 SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

likelyof to the gospel, is not Salt So., City, Utah Lake 13th change 2045 E. 84108;

overnight. Probably, his regeneration Phone 4872447 INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

will be long and painful. Nevertheless,

now is the time to start. If a teacher

truly loves his brother as himself, he can do no less. O The Improvement Era is an ideal Christmas gift for family and

friends. Give the gift of lasting value, The Improvement Era.

November.1967 69

LEARN IN THE REPRINTS of EARLY

CLASSICSLAND OF ZION MORMON

By Orson Pratt $A00 OLLYWOOD THE SEER

Edition EAUTY TIMESSpecial and SEASONS 6 volumes in 5 t 35 00 OLLEGE GOVERNMENTBy John Taylor OF GOD

Black Buckram $coo HOME OFFICE: 245 SO. MAIN

PIONEERS & PROMINENT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84 11

MEN of UTAH -1347 to 1 868 The beauty profession is fascinOver 5900 Portraits ating and exciting. Over 6000

Black Buckram Biographies $435f 00

You can learn to be a leading hair stylist for such little cost.

100 YEARS of Train with the Nation's Leading UTAH PAINTING $050

Cosmetology Instructors, and By James L. Haseltine

enjoy the beauty of Salt Lake Valley during your leisure hours. Sam Weller's

Write to Mr. James R. Trapp for

information. ZION BOOK STORE

ACCREDITED BY THE NATIONAL ACCREDITING

COMMISSION FOR COSMETOLOGY SCHOOLS 254 SO. MAIN 3282586

GENEALOGY

PICTURES Moment SEND ANY SrZE ORIGINAL PHOTO By Orma Wallengren (OR NEGATIVE) AND ONLY He came to drink.

$1.00 Each step so slight

FOR No twig gave sign.

9 And in one blink & BEAUTIFUL BLACK WHITE MUSIC Of wooded light SIZE REPRINTS GENEALOGY

His eyes caught mine; AND ONE 5X7

BLACK AND WHITE ENLARGEMENT ORIGINAL And all, I think. RETURNED UN- I MAILV If II mr HARMED

VERY FAST SERVICE In that one sight

PREPAID BACK TO YOU Most complete selection of sheet Beneath the pine music available: Choral, organ, piano,

vocal, and orchestra. Did silent link

IF SEND EXTRA MONEY RETURN BY Order your Christmas music now. The day and night: DESIRED. INSURED MAIL IS

Established by: His world and mine.

Ebenezer Beesley We bridged a stream \ CORPORATICCORPORATION With eyes that held the dawn;

Then, lifting velvet antlers.

He was gone. P.O. BOX 2307 DEPT. Ell y {okiykj70 South Main Street

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84110 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

70 Improvement Era fMMiiiiiyfflmw fmmmm fiffmmmm mifflimifflfn

l!fll!ll1!W!ffl!lMfflV

How many manuals should the organ in your church have?

It depends on what your church is like. And controls? If the organ is entirely under expreswho your organist is. And what kind of a. ammm tmmmumms mm'Mmt n sion, is each manual expressed individually?

music program you have or want for your Is the Combination Action complete and flexchurch. ible? Are standard couplers provided?

But more than all that, it depends on the These questions are just as important as basic design of the organ itself. For it is not "How many manuals?"for their answers rethe number of manuals per organ that really veal the basic design of the organ itself. And a

counts, but the amount of organ per manual. niuniiiiiiiNnui properly designed smaller organ often perAre the stops unified, or is each independforms better than a "notso-well"designed

ently voiced? How many stops are there? What larger one.

do the stops really do? Is the Diapason Chorus We're quite proud of the design of our

complete through Mixtures? Is the Pedal DiviBaldwin Organs. And of the way they sound.

sion substantial? Does it adequately support For information on any of them, just write:

the manuals? Does the organ have standard Baldwin, Dept. IE 1 1-67, Cincinnati, O, 45202. Baldvin

November 1967 71 VACUUM PACKED Its Fun/ PEANUT BRITTLE 100% PROFIT NO INVESTMENT S60.00 CASH every time 10 members of your

group each sell 12 cans of OldFashioned Peanut Brittle at $1.00 per can.

100% PROFIT! The quart size cans cost your

each—sell NOT EVENfor $1.00!Ic! Order 120groupNO INVESTMENT!only 50c

to 1200 cans today. Taice up to 30 days to send

payment. Give your name, title, phone number

and complete address, the name, address, etc.

of 2nd officer, name of group. quantity of each

desired, and nearest Freight Office (no parcel post). Extras sent FREE to cover shipping cost

cast of Rockies. OFFER OPEN TO GROUPS

ONLY! WRItE TODAY!

VERNE COLLIER

Dept. 5-24 900 North 19th Street BIRMINGHAM 3, ALABAMAaaJ

LD FILMS

are available for rental from libraries located in

IDAHO FALLS LETHBRIDGE

LOS ANGELES MESA NEW YORK CITY PROVO.

SALT LAKE CITY 'rWe for free brochure.

Educational Media Services Brigham Young University Provo, Utain 84601

Deseret Book Co., Film Dept.

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

LDS BOOKS

15% CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 500 LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS 20% savings on selected titles

Details on how to obtain LOS bool<s at a

FREE By Li Nielsdatter THE CHURCH AND THELiberty for All NEGRO $2.00

When Grandma Zaphras arrived JohnMIRACLESL. Lund(Record)(reg. $2.50) postpaid$3.38

from Greece back in 1950, I 33 RPM; mono postpaid

met her in New York at Idlewild MatthewFASCINATINGCowley WOMANHOOD(reg. $3.98) $4.21

Airport. Helen B. Andelin (reg. $4.95) postpaid

"Be sure to treat her to dinner OTHER LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS before her flight west,"Mother theirnot Includedregularly inadvertisedthis ad arepriceavailableless 15%at had written from Oregon. But on all titles we carry in stock.

Grandma—or Yiayia, as we called MANHIMSELFMAY KNOW FOR $4.21

her—had other plans. No sooner Compiled(Pres. Davidby 0.ClareMcKay)Middlemiss postpaid

had the customs man inspected her (reg. $4.95)

modest valise than she turned to MORMON DOCTRINE $5.90

Bruce R. McConkie (reg. $6.95) postpaid

me, smiling.

JOSEPH SMITH THE "Now I'll see the Statue of LibMORMON PROPHET $3.20

erty,"she said. John J Stewart (reg. $4.00) postpaid

YOU SO WANT TO RAISE / "But your dinner..."$4.21 BOY A

Yiayia's wrinkled chin sharpened W. Cleon Skousen (reg. $4.95) postpaid

between the folds of her black charge.It order Residentsis for lessof Arizonatinan $3.00,add 3 addpercent10c saleshandlingtax.

shawl. She stood her ground. LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE

"Food can wait. Liberty cannot."P.O. Box 2454; 346 S. Hobson St.

So I changed her ticket and Mesa,Offer goodArizonain U.S.85201;and Canada;PhoneU.S.9647061Funds Only

wired home, then hustled her through the city and on to the ferry toward Bedloe Island. Yiayia

never flinched. But when we stood

looking up at the statue, her peppery eyes turned moist.

"Eleftheria,"she said. Tears

flowed down the old face, and her rolling village dialect made the words ring. "Liberty—oh, my

Liberty!"I waited before I said, "Maybe we ought to go inside."

"Inside? And for what, I ask?

Inside we see nothing!"Her anger GIVE YOUR lashed out unexpectedly. Then she

smiled again. "Out here we see FAMILY BETTER

Liberty."HEALTH THIS

"Would you like a picture of it?"HOLIDAY

Her face was as strong, as proud as the statue's own, yet very much SEASON iX, alive. "Liberty doesn't live on

paper. Only in a heart. Do you

understand?"Onrolls,the bread,next festivebuns, occasioncookies, letandyourpastriesfamily enjoymade

V When I finally led her away, she withfor them.whole wheatYou'll flour.know Betterit's goodto eat,becauseand betteryou

turned to look back once more. Writemade it.for Letdetailsyour onfamilyfour bemodelsthe judgeLee Householdand jury.

"Efharisto,"she said, but to the wheatMills sobakery,your familyrich incanB enjoycomplexhomemadevitamins.whole

statue and not to me. "Thank you, Special5 Lbs.WholeDeafWheatSmithFlourFlourOffer....$1.50

thank you."O Include zip code in address

IE H-67 (1167) LEE ENGINEERING CO.

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 53201

Happiness is Moves Onan Electric Dryer The Church

August 1967

Long Island Stake was created Q] from parts of New York Stake by

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of

the Twelve and Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve. Gordon E. Crandall was sustained as president with David D. Paine

and Charles E. Neaman as counselors.

Long Island Stake is the 439th now functioning. Elder Parley P. Pratt

brought the gospel to New York City in July 1837. New York Stake was

organized December 9, 1934.

George E. Watkins was sustained as

president of New York Stake with Victor

B. Jex and Harold D. Clawson as

counselors.

Beginning this morning at 7:30, 96

teams began competition in the annual allChurch softball tournament.

Members of the Salt Lake Tabernacle S Choir departed from the Salt Lake AirElectric Dryer Reduces Ironing. You'll save hours that add up to port for a whirlwind tour that would

days in ironing time with the rising list ofpermanentpress clothes, take them to Expo 67 at Montreal, when you dry them the flameless electric way. Gives you much Canada. Tonight the choir sang in conmore time for your family and church work. cert at Omaha, as part of Nebraska's

The gentle tumbling action of an electric dryer fluffs clothes statehood centennial, and received a so they no longer need ironing. They are ready to wear immedistanding ovation.

ately.

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir

Costs Less To Buy, Maintain. An electric dryer costs less to buy, gave the first of two evening coninstall and maintain, and is clean as light. certs in the Theatre Maisonneuve at

Expo 67, Montreal, Canada. The hall

Because it's electric, it's better.

UTAH POWER A LIGHT CO. termedwas packedthe performanceto capacity "majestic."and reviewers

wellreceived concert was KODAGOLOR FILM

I presented of the Tabby members 12 Printed ALL ABOUT ME lAnother Exp. Processed &

WITH REPLACEMENT FRESH OF KODAK FILM ROIL -pO.VU*o C%t\ An illustrated personal record for ernacle Choir at Montreal this evening.

WRITF FOR NEW, LOW PRICE LIST young people starting their own The first of several shipments of sup-

E-6 BOX 2307, genealogy. DEPT. WESTERN plies Welfare from Program the Church LAKE CITY, HLMFilM pages 60 with maps, forms, and rilinCLUB JJfSALT gjQQ

left Salt air to City by Lake be used space pictures. for mounting

GENEALOGISTS forRemovablelooseleaf.plastic back; punched in floodstricken Fairbanks, Alaska.

Free catalog of over 300 copying each. 9c Xerox items. $2.00 postpaid 'The Tabernacle Choir presented a

Mail orders accepted. University North 620 I concert before 25,000 to 35,000

STEVENSON'S listeners at Narragansett Provo, Utah 84601 enthusiastic GENEALOGICAL CENTER HYAH'S Avenue 230 West 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601 Park, Pawtucket, Rhode Island.

Here's an idea! Give Tiie Improvement Era this Cliristmas.

74 Improvement Era Wish everyone "Merry Christmas"

Salinas (California) Ward won the with a gift from our exciting, allChurch junior fastpitch softball title by defeating Chandler (Arizona) entertaining, exceptional, endearing, 1st Ward, 5-2. Monument Park 5th enormous collections. Come in,

Ward of Salt Lake City won the allChurch senior fastpitch title in their phone or write to Box 1465. Convenient

game with Chandler (Arizona) 2nd

Ward, 4-2. payment terms arranged.

I President David 0. McKay anInounced sites for the Ogden and

Provo temples: Tabernacle Square in

downtown Ogden, and Churchowned property northeast of the Brigham

Young University campus in Provo, State and Broadway Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10 bounded by 2320 North and Rock Canyon Road, extending from about 800 to 1200 East.

The Tabernacle Choir sang at Chautauqua, New York.

Kearns (Utah) 4th Ward took the Suddenly... everything

extrainning allChurch championship a junior slowball from you need to make softball game

Midvale (Utah) 3rd Ward, 2-1. Price phone call

(Utah) 5th Ward outplayed Provo (Utah) 6th Ward in the senior slowpitch game, 17-5.

The Tabernacle Choir joined the

IPhiladelphia Orchestra and its conright at Saratogaductor Eugene Ormandy

Springs, New York, for a performance in the palmof Brahms'Requiem.

IOIympia Stake was organized from of your hand.

of portions Puget Sound (WashTo order the new Trimline phone,ington) with Herbert Springer Stake,

Anderson sustained as president and call our Business Office or ask your

Leslie W. Gilbert and Robert G. Davey Telephone Serviceman.

as counselors. The stake was organized under the direction of Elder

LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Mountain States Telephone

Twelve and Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Twelve.

LuDene P. Snow was sustained as FOOD STORAGE

president of Puget Sound Stake with PROTECT

Walter Behring and James M. GreenWe feature ail sizes of steel and your copies of

halgh as counselors. fiberboard containers for food storPalm Springs Stake was organized age. The Improvement Era

from the Palm Springs District of the with an

California South Mission, with Quinten SPECIAL ERABINDER $2.50Hunsaker as president and John H. nestedNew 5-gallonfor shipping.lined pails can$1.98be

Lake and Charles Ronald Green as Mail orders filled. Inquiries for other The Improvement Era

sizis welcomed. 79 South State Street

AMERICAN BARREL CO. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

49 So. 6th West, Salt Lake City, Utah

November 1967 75 Look >vhat you can do with a (SAS dryer? counselors. This stake was organized

under the direction of Elder Howard W.

Hunter of the Council of the Twelve and

Elder William J. Critchlow, Jr., Assistant

to the Council of the Twelve. The two

new stakes bring the total now functioning to 441.

Spend more time Thomas Leonard Hall was sustained with your faonily asCity)presidentStake, ofsucceedingRiverside (SaltRobertLakeL.

(thanks to the freedom Bridge, deceased. Counselors are

your GAS dryer Floyd Hill Gowans and Lowell Lavar gives you). Leishman.

The Tabernacle Choir joined the

Philadelphia Orchestra and guest soloists to present Messiah, with Eugene

Ormandy directing, at the Saratoga

Performing Arts Center.

Dry for only Q] Detroit,played hostsMichigan,to the SaltmusicloversLake Tabthis evening as the a penny a load ernacle Choir (—1/5 as much as Choir's tour continued.

the other kind).

Tulsa, Oklahoma, was the scene of

A gas dryer gives you so much more than beautifully I tonight's Salt Lake Tabernacle dried clothes at low cost. It gives you time—time to Choir concert. An estimated 9,000

be the woman you want to be, time to give to your persons were in attendance.

children and husband.

It saves not only the time you spend hanging, but cuts ironing to a minimum. Shortly after midnight members of

EQI the Tabernacle Choir returned to See the new fully automatic gas dryers at your gas

Mother's BIG helper, appliance dealer's soon. Salt Lake City from their nineday,

a GAS dryer 6,300mile, tenconcert tour.

Promised Valley, the musical deMOUNTAIN FUEL

SUPPLY COMPANY picting the pioneers coming to the

A/a6u/uU GoA Se/u/tCASalt Lake Valley, closed for the season after a twomonth run in the Temple

View outdoor theater. It is estimated

that 147,000 persons saw the performHitch Your

To Wagon A ances this summer.FREi JOB PLACEMENT

FOR "LD"GRADUATES

if you are planning a The single unit multipurpose visual aid September 1967 business career but do not the time spend want to or Teaching Ward Home and Stake for four of years money Relief Society Executive for college, Control President David 0. McKay spent write a free Teaching Systems Systenns catalog today.

Registration January 2 Write or call for details a quiet day in Huntsville on the his birth. Here, of on anniversary S. 94th Mr. Saundsrs L Aid Manage

Business College IDS surborn, he and the farm was where Shirley Lane 4308 1 E. So. 41—Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84117 received family, by his he rounded City, Salt Lake Utah 2773995 2550797

thousands of congratulatory messages.

Here's an idea! Give The Improvement Era this Christmas.

76 improvement Era This evening a halfhour program on LPS GIFTS/ JEWELRY AND AWARDS

KSLTV featured the life of the

President.

Norman H. Bangerter was susItained as president of Granger

(Salt Lake County) Stake with Maurice

M. Harmon and Wesley P. Thompson,

Jr., as counselors. The 13 Articles of Faith engraved on attractive

gold plated scrolls. Gift boxed, an ideal gift $1,50

El Monte Stake, the 442nd now [functioning, was organized from parts of West Covina (California) Stake by Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the

Council of the Twelve and Patriarch

Eldred G. Smith. James C. Brown was

sustained as stake president with

Richard E. Miner and Mayo W. Smith

as counselors.

This was the annual David 0.

I McKay Day in Ogden and Weber

County, Utah. Speakers at a meeting

in the Ogden Tabernacle included Elder

Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the

Twelve. Representing the family was

President McKay's son, David Lawrence

McKay, general superintendent of the

Sunday School.

Fort Worth (Texas) Stake was organized from parts of Dallas Stake by

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of

the Twelve and Elder Theodore M.

Burton, Assistant to the Twelve. John

Kelley, Jr., was sustained as president

of this, the 443rd stake, vith John W.

Porter and Mark R. Berrett as counselors.

I The first Italian branch in Rome

I was organized, with Elder JohnmAbner, a missionary, as president.

Counselors are Robert Bollingbroke and Irnerio Maffi. Rome was opened

to missionary work in January, 1967;

87 persons have been baptized since the Italian Mission was organized in

August 1966.

I The annual conference of the Relief Society convened at 9:30 this

morning in the Tabernacle.

November 1967 77 Scholarly Journal The LDS Scene editor named Dr. Charles D. Tate, Jr.,

assistant professor of English at Brigham Young University, has been appointed editor of Brigham Dpg H Young University Studies, Wmf.irM/'* &4 quarterly scholarly journal

jjf""** WsSiftwv,

National Rugby Champions

The Seasiders of the Church College highly ranked Southern California teams:

of Hawaii have been selected as the 1967 Occidental, Loyola, UCLA, and Los

U.S. national rugby champions in the Angeles Rugby Club. Coach Pene Ruruku

first national rugby poll ranking, which forecasts an even stronger team this included 264 teams. year. Most team members are from widely

The Seasiders'record last year was an scattered Pacific islands. Out of 15

unbeaten string of 13 victories, starting players, 12 have been including wellpublicized defeats of four through the temple.

Try Lyman's Financial VITAMINS security for and MINERALS Less than 24; a tablet you future...

ana theirs HIGHALL NATURALPOTENCY

University announces Brigham Young a taxplanned Formulated to equal or improve that allows: giving for your estate program

Your personal, permanent investment in on many tablets selling for 5 or future generations of LDS youth 6(t each.

A reserved life income for yourself and your Clip and Mail or Write spouse Charitable tax deductions Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive,

A reduction in estate taxes Salt Lake City, Utah

Avoidance of capital gains taxes postagePlease sendfree. Daily Supply Tablets,

n..o4.;+Quantity 'i 500jqq tablets..$1.95.$8.95 For booklet

Your Financial Future Through TaxPlanned Giving, Name....

write University Development BRIGHAM YOUNG Address.

UNIVERSITY City.

Provo, Utah 84601.

State.

78 Innprovement Era for Latterday Saints.

The autumn issue features topics on "iVlormonism and the Germans,""The Origin, Structure, and Evolution of the Stars,""Vietnam, the different War,"and "The New Morality."Though the

journal is sponsored by BYU, manuscripts are welcomed from all sources. The

editorial board consists of experts from several superintendency of the universities. Young Men's Mutual Superintendent Smith Honored

Improvement Association. General Superintendent G. Carlos Smith, Jr., of the

Brother Hill, dean of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association holds a college of mines and citation presented to him by the Los Angeles City Council mineral industries at the for his "outstanding spiritual and temporal leadership

George R. Hill University of Utah, sucand for his devotion and great contribution to the

YMMIA Assistant ceeds Elder Carl W. youth of this city, our state, our nation, and the world...."

George Richard Hill has Buehner, who has been City Councilman Robert M. Wilkinson, left, presented

been appointed second called to be a Regional Repthe commendation at an Explorer leadership conference assistant in the general resentative of the Twelve. held in Los Angeles.

THE WORLD

MPREMIERE!Tmwmm anQGRfca ancient speaks\

<!i-e.i(t/M ttu t 'tr stories fully dramatized, Now, for the first time: Book of Mormon

with huge cast and orchestra! A full 30 minutes from Nephi I, in

SlilDKiiMrKfil?. dramatic portrayal! Beloved Book of Mormon stories come thrillmm I mmi Am the vtKtss nr iascs:.4::m. stereo!ingly to life in this powerful new dramatic production in living

Produced by professional dramatists, featuring an original musical score, supervised by veterans of broadcasting and recording to assure you unparalleled excellence! Not a reading or narration,

"ANCIENT AMERICA SPEAKS"is a magnificent presentation, vrr especially tailored for Primary, Seminary and Adult education. A

vital addition to your recorded library. A treasured gift for all families, including nonLDS listeners too!

Order now for Christmas delivery! Use convenient coupon

r I copies of the stereo Please Yes! rpm) new (at 33V3 LP album me

I for Enclosed check to SPEAKS.""ANCIENT AMERICArush

I of print) is mailmy Please cover the cost $3.95 album(s) to: (please per album*. my

I NAME ADDRESS STATE (Make check payable to SCRIPTURE RECORDING FOUNDATION, INC.,)

THIS ON DISTRIBUTING WANT DETAILS (please check:) I RECORDI IN MY AREA:

foundation, recording Bellevue, WashingtonLV. SCKIDTUKGl\l fj 1 JJ l\t KGCOTtlNGIVVWIVV/IINV? scriptureP.O. Box 844,

*Residents of Washington add 4.2% Sales tax.SX rriivjIATIOKI i"MP i 98004inc., a nonprofit corporation

November 1967 eye today. This minute other early on Halloween eveninall

Today's Family memories are crowding. Some are dressed in their eerie costumes.

By Florence B. Pinnock happy and warm and gay, and There they have supper and are

others are made of stronger mathen on their way to ring bells and

in family kind other never fails I can to meet remember parents, a friendly early garden understanding and always on the Thanks for terialsand but are rewarding. knock on neighbors'doors. Anbest. I did Fourth a There they They of July. have proud when my

pertrout telling breakfast the that only a with combined me the Memory kept e are what we son I had to compete with was togetherness that colors the entire are now doing, myself. I was always to do better summer.plus what we haveW done that has today than I did yesterday. This Then, of course, through the

sHpped into memories. This is a memory of them has many times years families have other wonderstrange combination, because what made me stand tall when I really ful memories of prayers around

we are now doing changes instantly wanted to run and hide. Then the breakfast and dinner tables, of

into the memory category, and we there are memories of a father meeting together to gain strength step into new action. Memories and mother trying so hard to do from each other as problems arise,

stack up one upon another as the their best that we children could and of praying together when a years pass, until late in life the not let them down. There was the family member is about to leave on

"now"action comes to a near halt time a block was thrown and a a journey.

and the memories take over. But hand ready to hit, and a parent's Words also form memories, such

in the inbetween years there is a voice said, "In our family we do as: "Remember who you are,"said

balance. Memories are important, not hit anyone; we're bigger and by parents as their sons and daughbut they will never compare with stronger and smarter than that. ters go on dates, or "Have a happy

the "now"action. Potent memories, There are other ways to convince."day."These cheerful words from

nevertheless, constantly guide our Tradition is a memory builder. mother as each leaves for school

actions. Someone recently said, "This or work always seem to start the

Looking back to the very first generation does not believe in traday off just right.

glimpse of you, what do you see? dition. It wants new ways to do Food as a tradition enters the

I remember being in my aunt's things, new thoughts, and new acpicture, and memories are made of arms as she walked down a narrow tions."The young people I know crusty bread biscuits and chili on

boardwalk to the end of the garden. prove this false. Maybe they want the first snowy winter night, pink

As she carried me, I was screaming longer hair and purple Christmas divinity in a heartshaped satin box at the top of my lungs. A new trees, but stepping out from their centering the dinner table on

baby had just been born in our desires come the words: "Our Valentine's Day, Yorkshire pudding

..."These making the Sunday dinner delechome, and I wanted to be present. family always does.

This aunt kept telling me that if I'd traditions have many facets. For table, homemade caramels and

be quiet she would take me to the instance, one family always goes pecan rolls as a holiday treat, Sunhouse, and I kept crying to her, "If to grandma's and grandpa's home day evening gatherings around an you'll take me to the new baby, ice cream freezer. And so families

I'll be quiet."The memory ends go on and on from taste buds to

there, and to this day I don't know memory lane.

who won the battle, but this really Material things are also stacked: books givenis the beginning of me in my mind's up in memory's image

as prizes and rewards, for helping in the home, colorfuL/new dresses on Christmas morniiig, a little money and a great eal of elbow grease spent to make the big room downstairs attractive and fun to bring dates home to, trees to climb, ropes to jump, fences to walk, and games to play—all enrich memories.

80 Improvement Era 'f'Each minute holds memories to Hard, dry crumbs add body when added make rich the future moments. As to dips. Use only a small amount.

we are giving thanks this NovemEspecially during the Thanksgiving and ber, let's include a thanks for our Christmas seasons, stale bread reaches memories. its peak of popularity. It seems that

EVERY CRUMBiHiiP'COUNTS

Do you find yourself throwing "In our family away stale bread? Small children

is toast their crusts, discard often we do not hit anyone; time, and at breakfast left over

bread becomes stale when not we're bigger and stored correctly or when not used up quickly. The result is waste, stronger and snnarter

and there is a remedy for this.

Every crumb can be used for than that."

nourishment in some way. Stale

white, whole wheat, rye, and com bread can be used in a variety of there are never enough soft or hard dishes—some in the form of soft bread crumbs to make all the dressing

bread crumbs, others as finely needed to fill the turkeys. Start savground hard crumbs, still others as ing bread weeks in advance.

slices or cubes of bread. Play a

gaine of discovering new ways to Crumbs are a popular topping for casseroles. Always mix them with melted

use up stale bread. butter and seasonings before sprinkling

them over the casserole.

Suggestions to Use Every Crumb

Nothing has been found that is better store all leftover semisoft bread in a to coat meats, fish, and poultry than cool, dry, clean place. Do not use an seasoned bread crumbs. Season with

airtight container, or mold will form. paprika, pepper, parsley, onion salt,

minced green onions, garlic salt, nutSoft crumbs may be kept in a perfomeg, cinnamon, cloves, sage, oregano, rated plastic bag in the refrigerator. etc.

Fine, hard bread crumbs are best Croquettes are made easier to handle stored in the refrigerator in a jar with a for baking and frying if they are rolled lid. To make these crumbs, use bread in crisp, seasoned bread crumbs.

that "has dried out in a warm oven or in a dry open place. Break one slice at Crumbs are a binder, filler, and ex-

a time into the electric blender and it tender when used in meat loaves, meat will crumb immediately, or grind the balls, etc.—>-

hard, crisp bread in the food grinder, or drop slices of bread in a plastic bag and crush with the rolling pin.

Bread crumbs act as thickeners when added to casseroles or gravies.

Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn

November 1967 81 Bread crumbs can take the place of Herb Chicken part of the flour in griddle cakes, (5 servings) cookies, and cakes. The crumbs seem

to add to the lightness of the finished 1 can condensed cream of mushroom product. % cupsoupmilk

Try adding a few crisp crumbs to brown 1 tablespoon minced onion sugar, nuts, and butter to use as a 11 teaspoontablespoonpaprikaminced parsley topping for muffins, breakfast cakes, 2 pounds chicken parts and fruit crisp desserts. 1 cup fine dry bread crumbs

Yz teaspoon poultry seasoning Make croutons from stale bread and V2 teaspoon salt butter melted tablespoons 2 3-daycrusts 2- or fish. Trim from and

1 juice teaspoon lemon slice into bread. old white Cut each Vs"

inch cubes. Saute in melted butter Mix V3 cup soup, Vi cup milk, onion,

until golden brown on all sides, or parsley, and paprika. Dip chicken in

butter and toast in a 250 F. oven the soup mixture, then roll in a mixuntil brown. ture of the dry bread crumbs, poultry

seasoning, and salt. Place in shallow

baking dish. Pour butter on chicken.

Bake at 400 F. for 1 hour. Combine

Bread Crumb Cooking remaining soup, milk, and the lemon juice and heat. Stir. Serve over hot

Crumb Griddlecakes chicken.

(Very light with a delightful Family Casserole texture) (6 servings)

milk cups scalded lYz beef chipped 14 pound tablespoons butter melted 3 1 celery diced cup fine dry cups bread crumbs IVz finely 1 onion diced cup well eggs, 2 beaten shortening tablespoons 2 14 flour cup flour tablespoons 2 salt teaspoon V2 milk 2 cups 4 teaspoons baking powder 14 teaspoon pepper cheese grated American cup but- 2/3 milk the in the Soak crumbs and olives ripe 1 chopped cup until ter soft; other ingredients the add cooked, noodles, wide 2 egg ounces

lightly. griddle. hot mix Bake and on seasoned drained, and

% cup soft bread crumbs DayAfter Croquettes 2 tablespoons melted butter (5 servings) Cut the chipped beef into small pieces.

Cook celery and onion in the shortening 3 tablespoons butter until tender. Stir in flour. Add the

6 tablespoons flour milk and cook, stirring constantly, until 1 cup hot milk thickened. Add the pepper. Remove

1 egg yolk from heat. Add the cheese and stir

1 tablespoon minced onion until melted. Add the dried beef and

1 teaspoon salt olives. Combine with noodles and pour

1 teaspoon lemon juice into a greased 2-quart casserole. Mix

2 cups finely diced turkey crumbs and butter and sprinkle over

GRACEFUL 11 cupegg dry bread crumbs thefor 20mixture.to 30 minutes.Bake in a 350 F. oven

CLASSIC salad oil or melted shortening m Supper Eggs in blend Melt the butter the flour. and Long $17.00 until (3 servings) Gradually milk and cook add the

MidCalf $15.00 very thick, stirring. Take from heat and

Winning praises from LDS women stircook,in stirring,the egg aboutyolk. Return1 minute.to heatAdd andthe 11 cupcup wholecream milk

everywhere, this dress is the ultimate seasonings and turkey; spread the mix- 1 teaspoon onion salt

in beauty and comfort. Draped back, ture in a shallow pan and refrigerate Dash cayenne, Tabasco, paprika

at least 2 hours. Form into croquettes 6 eggs

adjustable waist and cuffs, front zipand roll in crumbs. Chill again. Beat 14 cup fine dry buttered crumbs

per. White, dripdry 64% Polyester the egg with 3 tablespoons water. Dip 2/3 cup grated American or Parmesan

cheese roll in again into egg; croquettes the

P, L, #SSD-C. Nylon. S, M, 36% in fry well. chill Deep and crumbs

HalfSlip. P, S, M, L. Tricot Long Nylon 100% low over and milk the cream Heat oil until F. salad or 300 shortening $6.00 #6249. mixseasonings. the When heat; add towels. Drain paper on brown. golden

at a is or egg, hot, Mail Check break each M.O. one of can ture one with a sauce made Serve

U.S.A. Postpaid carefully slip in a saucer and time, cup of and of soup mushroom cream V2 4873621In Phone:

begin mixture. the eggs As into the a dash with pepper and milk, seasoned

of sage. to set, sprinkle the crumbs and cheese

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

82 Improvement Era This is liow a revolution begins.

Quietly. Without fanfare. turn out even better! Look for

With new improved Fleischmann's easy adaptyour-recipe directions

Yeast. And this new NoDissolve, on every package of new

Rapidmix method. improved Fleischmann's Yeast!)

Now, for the first time ever, you Want new recipes? You'll find

don't have to start by dissolving the 65 great new Rapidmix ideas in yeast. There's no need to warm Fleischmann's New Treasury of

the bowl. No worrying about the right Yeast Baking. Plus a wealth of

water temperature. No risk of handy howto hints. And this

killing the yeast. exciting, colorful, lavishly

illustrated 32page cookbook is

You just mix the yeast with the yours FREE. How to get it? See details This revolutionary new NoDissolve

dry ingredients when you bake the on Fleischmann's Yeast packages, Rapidmix method has been new NoDissolve Rapidmix way. Quickly, get some today. You'll developed for you by the makers of

And the results? Spectacular! surprise your family—and yourself! Fleischmann's Yeast, the people

Better than when you baked the who brought yeast to this country oldfashioned way. (Yes, all your 100 years ago. Today, with new

improved Fleischmann's Yeast andfavorite recipes adapt easily to the new Rapidmix method—and the new Rapidmix method, you can

start a revolution... the most

delicious revolution in history!

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED

Of perpetual interest over them. Keep dipping the sauce

over the eggs until they are firmly set. TEMPLES i to Church members and Serve on toasted English muffins.

andthe latterday Saints i i their friends Breaded Pork Cutlets (4 servings)

1 pound lean loin pork cutlets 1 egg, slightly beaten Temples % cup dry bread crumbs teaspoon poultry seasoning Y2 salt teaspoon and the Ys Latterday Saints Yk2 teaspoontablespoonspeppersalad oil 1 can condensed cream of mushroom soup Y2 soup can milk

Pound the cutlets very thin. Dip each

one Into egg, then into a mixture of the crumbs and seasonings. Heat the

oil in skillet. Saute the cutlets over

medium heat until golden on both sides. Combine soup and milk and add

to cutlets. Reduce heat, simmer gently

covered for 20 to 30 minutes. Serve

with the sauce.

Sunny Pudding

(6 servings)

2Y2 cups lyinch stale bread cubes 2 cups milk 3 cup sugar 2 eggs, slightly beaten Dash of salt and nutmeg 1 grated rind and extract teaspoonlemon—juicelemon Y2

5 tablespoons melted butter 14 cup coconut

Soak the bread in the milk for about onehalf hour. Combine remaining ingredients and mix with bread cubes.

Bake in a buttered casserole set in a shallow pan of water at 350 F. for

about 45 minutes. Serve warm with

whipped cream.

Selections from the finest articles and pictures appearing in the Era over

Top Stove Pudding a number of years, including:

(6 servings)

Fullpage, fullcolor pictures of all exist'mg temples Yz slices stale white bread 1 tablespoon butter Numerous light brown sugar, packed fourcolor pictures of 1% cups interiors temple firmly The Purpose of Temples—Presider)t 4 eggs

David 0. McKay IY2 cups evaporated milk

The LDS Concept of Marriage—Dash salt

President Hugh B. Brown 1 teaspoon vanilla

—SidneyAncient TemplesB. Sperryand Their Functions Trimbread crustswith butter.from breadCut Intoand V-inchspread

Other pertinent articles on distinctive squares. Butter top section of double

features of "Mormonism"boiler. Pour in brown sugar; add bread

cubes. Beat eggs and add remaining

Order from ingredients, and then pour over the bread cubes; don't stir. Cover and

Ideal for home, cook over boiling water about 1 hour classroom, and or until silver knife Inserted in center missionary comes out clean. Add water to bottom

of double boiler when needed. Serve

use warm with the butterscotch sauce from, 79 South State Street the bottom of pudding poured over.

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Garnish with chopped nuts. O

Improvement Era

IN GRAPHIC is proud to THE DESERET NEWS PRESS announce the installation of one of the finest cold type setting facilities in the Intermountain area. The quality, economy, and

versatility of the FOTOTRONIC by HarrisIntertype is now available to our customers.

There can be little question of the dynamic impact that photo composition is having on the printing industry. We are proud to offer

our customers the best.

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104

Telephone 4861892 BLACK & WHITE

men. Alas, it is not, even in riLMS 8 exposure roll These Times western Christianity, Hellenism,IIfDEVELOPED & PRINTED and Judaism, whence Kant derived

IN SIZE JUMBO his inspiration, Rather, "power Durham By Dr. G. Homer 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 politics,"the use of force (or the

President, State University Arizona exposures 36 $1.50

ployed in world affairs, COLOR FILM threat of its use ), is the means emMorals foreign American policy is often DEVELOPING expressed and in Kantian in encased and Politics terms. Viewing the world as an 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per International

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll organized system of states, Ameri12-Exposure Roll $3.00 perroll Life cans expect other nations, all too Dev, and Printing

Color Reprints 204 each often, to behave in terms of Kant's categorical imperatives, to sponSLIDES COLOR

Slides Color per taneously seek to uphold human roll immanuel Kant Dev. 201 35exp.,mm and Mount...$1.35

135 mm Color Slides per (17241804) posdignity and liberty. It is a long

36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll ited a "universal rule"of "right road to such ends. In an address

Color Movie per 8 mm, 25'Roil $1.35 roll behavior"based on the Christian to the United Nations September

ethic. Men, he said, should treat 25, 1961, President John F. Kensaid: "My country favors a GENEALOGY PHOTOS humanity "in every case as an end nedy

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD withal, never as a means only."world of free and equal states."

each. 604 PHOTOS, PRINTS Wilson Woodrow made popular Civil society should based on be

of 54 NEGATIVE, each the phrase "selfdetermination of of liberty of "the every member coin Send C.O.D.'s only—no

,"peoples.".. expressions Both underthe society. MoneyBack Guarantee

We refer to this doctrine in lie America's justification for being in Korea and South Vietnam—to SAM'S PHOTO LAB everyday speech as human dignity,

P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah the golden rule, the moral law, the help the South Koreans and the

categorical imperative, and so forth. South Vietnamese maintain "their

Kant felt the "rule"constituted a liberty and freedom."But the

: OLYMPICS "spontaneous rule of action"for all world of free and equal states is

MEXICO CITY not yet.

Anyone interested in going to the In domestic politics, Americans

Mexico City 1968 Olympics will generally pay hp service to the be pleased to know that there will be housing available at a very ideals of Kantian doctrine. There

economical rate. Fifty cottages are woeful exceptions. But as

each with bedrooms four (four pragmatists and idealists, Ameriare availbedroom, each beds to able on a reservation basis to cans extol the politics of peaceful those individuals who maintain

LDS Standards 5 Inasmuch as housing will be critiduring the Olympics, those desiring reservations shouldJ"cal make j enclosdelay, application without5;

ing a deposit of $25.00. Although Communism will pass,

October 12 to 27 totalitarian states will not October

Rates be person disappear soon, the author claims. Rates will $6.50 per

for housing per day, which will include breakfast each morning.

There will be bus service for $1.50 per day from the residences

at El Arbolillo to the main Olympic events.

Bus Service Escolar Benemerito Centro Committee i Attn. Olympics

Apartado Postal 14181 Mexico 14, D. F. Mexico

86 Improvement Era NEW. NEW! NEW!

CUMORAH BOOK CO.

Tourific! presents

adjustment. They regard obtaining "JEWS OF THE

agreement as high civic virtue, and by Dr.TORAH"I. H. Cohen

compromise as the essence of $1.95

poHtical skill. Provenproach toeffectivethe Jewsapin

In foreign affairs Americans can their own language.

attain some degree of rational "AUTHORS OF

GENESIS"compromise in dealing with naby Dr. I. H. Cotien

tions that have the same accul- $5.95

i'MEXICO turation. Others see only the Suggesting that Moses may Monthly

alternative of recognizing Amerinotmay havehave writtenabridgedGenesisthe autobut prophets the of biographies for the necessitycan power as via tliem recorded as they HAWAII system. colophon the November 17 December 28compromise. Despite systems and

,Vr regimes that glorify human dignity Check Must Be With Order as an end in itself, the world conROSE PARADE CUMORAH BOOK CO.

tinues to operate on the principles 265 Saratoga Rd., Scotia, N. Y. 12302

of power politics or force. EUROPE

Communist states are a 20th June, 1968, $980 century version of such states. Communism will eventually take its For all travel and ticketing arrangements:d.

place with all the other heresies festive that have arisen in the past. But (nonalcoholic)beveragesthe problem—and totalitarian states W TRAVELING. for yourself,

—will not disappear soon. New 'Salt110 LakeEast 2ndCity, SouthUtah. Meirsguests,sparklinggifts:

heresies will arise, backed by Catawba, pink or weapons, armies, force, economic Ogden, 3994587 St. George, 6733136 vvhite; 24oz. 2.50

Idaho Falls, 5222581power, and powerful states for Logan 2456584

Lehr's German Mesa 9645283support. juices: black

The thing that has made conor redred orcurrant,white temporary Communism a real grape, sour threat is the existence of Russian cherry; 23oz.

power and Chinese power. A situ- 1.29

shipping charge:

40cation that makes for hope in the Let's make 1.25 first,

world is that Russian power and additional;tax in 3i%UtahChinese power have tended to be our target

divided and tend to confront each QIl{rtstmas other. This pluralism in the Com-

i.munist camp, rather than monoTheERA

lithic and centralized unity, has lOIKOFMiiM"Teachersbeen a real blessing. The fact that in every

France, led by a devout Catholic Students general, does not confuse morals ofoii Missionariesand politics internationally, but ome!

c )'<><()CI-f>-<>-{>- Sundayuses French power and influence to Vi iii I'ifri >()<4<>- further intercede between Kantian IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS School Classwesterners and eastern Marxists,

Aids in treatment of simple sore has, on occasion, also been a tactithroat and other minor mouth and by John D. Hawkes cal, if not a strategic, blessing.

The statesmen and politicians of throat irritations. Send $2.00 to

the world, no matter what the HAWKES PUBLICATIONSdomestic political situation, tend HALLS REMEDY P.O. Box 8224 A. Salt Lake City.Utah 84108

—historyto be practical men. Stalin's reSalt Lake City. Utah Alsoon "Qjizettes"LPS Church 300—Flash$3.00Cards

puted query about the Pope, "How many divisions has he?"illustrates HolomaticHeaterGas#3 Water

needed all water supply Here's an idea!

Kitchens, Baptistries,this, as did the Cuban missile Willfor theChurchhot 20 Heats 450 GPH, Rest Rooms.

in temperature. Write for free Give The Improvement Era

Fiberglass crisis, and as has President Charles risefolders on water heaters.

Baptistries and spires. Also

Electric Water Heaters. this Christmas.

LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

907 7th Street, Orange, Texas

November 1967 87 CJ\ow GjvauaDLe...

Cke Jjook of JnormoYL On lmn(j (yoior I I

PROMISED LAND PUBLICATIONS. INC. introduces a new fully illustrated, multicolored, pictorial reconstruction of the historical record

called The Book of Mormon. It is presented in several volumes and

is entitled "ILLUSTRATED STORIES from the BOOK OF MORof is The price $6.00. MON."each volume MANUFACTURES MORMON PLATES

will This publication entail I50G pictorial about accounts AND MAKES HIS ABRIDGMENT. illustrate the which various cultures sustained popuby

lations spoken of in The Book of Mormon. A reconstruction of their geography, natural resources, architecture, art, textiles, ceramics, tools, weapons, etc.

has been conducted by prominent archaeologists, Each volume is a large 9"by 12"and is historians, anthropologists, and theologians.. printed on heavy weight, high quality

Immediately associated with each pictorial paper and bound in a hard back scene is a digested narrative explaining it. cloth cover. The first volume is 120

Adjacent to both is the entire Book of pages; it contains 77 individual

Mormon text relating the events. pictures, many of which are

twopage spreads measuring 12"by 18".

Printed by Deseret News Press. Mr. Raymond H.

Jacobs, for many years associated with Walt Disney Productions, prepared the art work. Dr. Clinton F. Larson

compiled the narrative.

I is availableVolume novr only the firm's through direct LEHI'S VISION OF THE DESTRUCTION OF JERUSALEM.

sales representatives or by mail order. Subsequent volumes

will be offered as soon as they are ready. There ter-;zv remain some

ritories available for individual or group sales representation. A special

program for has been developed fund- / Ifraising projects. interested indicate

on 9upon below.

PROMISED LAND PUBLICATION, INC., 1G3 EAST VINE ST.,

MURRAY, UTAH 84107.

Please send copies of VOLUME 1—"Illustrated Stories from the

Book of Mormon—@ $6.00 plus 21c tax and 50g for postage and packing.

I enclose $ for Volume 1. Or send C.O.D.

( ) I am interested in being a sales representative for this product. Please

contact me.

{ ) I am interested in the group fundroising program.

Name.... Ward...

Address Stake

de Gaulle. George Washington, in western morality, God sends the parts of the world today.

accepting French aid against his rain to fall on the just and the unThe inexorable processes of

British forebears, also illustrated just, and tares grow with the wheat. power politics, of states seeking

the point. In international politics the United advantages here, advantages there;

Singlewill, singledoctrine, nonStates of America may have to wheeling, dealing, threatening; aptolerant states will continue for reckon with the divine nature, plying economic, psychological,

some time. Their heritage and which has not killed the devil. and military pressures, may accombackground runs deeper and wider Rather, God permits Lucifer to coplish more if the process is not

than the politics of pluralism, exist in our realm, in order to chalcomplicated by moral outcries. I

compromise, and human dignity. lenge men's virtue and abilities. believe this lesson was learned on

This does not justify their behavior Maybe Communism and other the American frontier by the in our eyes. But it should help us heresies are realistically seen as settler, in his besieged cabin, with

understand and therefore deal with challenges, opportunities for our his Springfield rifle. Practical

them more intelligently. ingenuity to overcome, rather than selfpreservation was the first law.

International politics are made as embodiments before which to Moral indignation directed at the difficult by the fact that indifear and tremble. The power of aborigine's beliefs did not get him

viduals who make up tolerant states evil cannot be overestimated. Nor very far, except to organize others

intrude their private and domestic can it be ignored. But to deal with for the better exertion of "power

moral expectations into the interit on "power"terms may be better politics."

national field. This makes statesthan misspent moral fury. We will cope with the problems

manship very difficult for leaders Such an attitude may be quite of international politics more intelof America and nations having essential in these times of mass ligently if we view them as similar value systems. Political destruction and interdependency. political, rather than as moral

science argues that America would Catholic and Protestant relations problems only. To do so, I believe,

progress further, and get along in France, from Henry IV and the is the moral thing to do. It will

better in the world, if she viewed Edict of Nantes ( April 1598 ) to its conserve our own moral energies foreign affairs coldly, in the light revocation by Louis XIV (October for places where we can put them of the facts of power, influence, 18, 1685), to the final separation to work best, beginning with ourforce, and not "overreact"in the of church and state December 9, selves and our homes. This is anlight of what constitutes acceptable 1905, are instructive. Communistother way to make politics more

behavior from her point of view. capitalist relations have never been moral, in the sense of recognizing

Human beings should not forget as bitter for so long as among human dignity and value as catethese moral differences. Business Protestant and Catholic Frenchgorical imperatives, in the long

may occasionally be necessary with men during those centuries. The run. But what a difficult road to

"the bad guys"as well as with resolution was first bitter and travel—especially for people filled

"the good guys."However, no one bloody. Then followed protracted with prejudices, biases, values, and

should think business is done with tension and, finally, equilibrium. personal convictions of special

these different forces in the same The hope of power politics in the truth, as most people are! And as

way. An AmericanCanadian deal last decades of the 20th century is we are stimulated and provoked to

is very different from an Americanthat the resolution of current react by modern mass communiChinese deal. A deal with Spain's ideological differences, whether cations!

Franco may produce an air base, racial antagonisms in our domestic But let us keep cool, calm, and but has not yet created opportunilife or in international affairs, may rational. In the interests of both

ties for evangelical churches. be less bloody and destructive. morals and politics, let us confuse

Politicians generally "deal"on That the hope exists is important. them as little as"possible. Let us

the basis of power politics. It is We must remember that such hopes keep both strong, vital, and intereasier when done in one's own are relatively new to history. acting by not confusing them.

language and within comparable Thomas Hobbes'description of Perhaps this is one way toward value systems. According to the man's life as "nasty, brutish, and treating men "in every case"as

Sermon on the Mount, hallmark of short"is still the norm in most ends, "never as means only."O

November 1967 89 End of an Era

My two young sons were This is your only chance to A small boy rushed home from playing chess. The tenyear-old fill today with blessings; school one afternoon to announce

was attempting to teach the what are you doing about it? breathlessly that his class was

eightyear-old the rules as they—ISina Willis Walter going to be divided into two

proceeded to play their first sections. 'I'm going to be in the

game. Upon the older boy's Man is an eternal being; his top one; the other one is for

capturing his brother's body is eternal. It may die and backward readers,"he explained.

"bishop,"the younger boy asked, slumber, but it will burst the "But,"he added, 'Ve don't "Now, do I go after your barriers of the tomb and come know who's going to be in it counselors?"forth in the resurrection because there's not a kid in

—Richard G. Buckmiller, of the just. the room who can read

San Mateo, California—President John Taylor

backwards!"

—Dorothea Kent, Lansing, Michigan

Life Among the Mormons So once in every year we throng

Upon a day apart, To praise the Lord with feast and

Fathers'and Sons'Outing song

In thankfulness of heart.

By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer—Arthur Guiterman,

"The First Thanksgiving"

They slept on the ground for two whole nights

And lay and scratched mosquito bites. A little thing may he perfect, hut,

perfection is not a little thing.

They swam, and both got sunburned faces.—Thomas B. Aldrich

They came in last in all the races.

At dinner they sat down to eat "Can you operate a typewriter?"

Halfraw potatoes, frizzled meat. "Yes, sir. I use the biblical system:

seek and ye shall find."

It rained, and so one day was spent

Huddled and soaking in their tent.

// took me 15 years to discover

And what did they say, this son and dad, I had no talent for writing, but I

When they got home? "Best time we've hadi"couldn't give it up because

by that time I was too famous.

—Robert Benchley

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

90 Improvement Era Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor tr A Story Called Kindness

Face to Face (An interview with Sister Jessie Evans Smith

Dear Family

What Every LDS Youth Should Know

Writing Contest (196768)

November 1967 91 Era of Youth one but Larry and I After class Larry was waiting for me by the knew that the reason door. "Hey, Joe,"he said, "I just wanted to tell

he was late for school you that surely was a fine article you wrote for and had lost credit on the school paper. Good luck in the game."Then

his English theme was because I hadn't stopped he hobbled down the hall.

to offer him a ride this morning. Mother had Everyivhere I went today I saw Larry. I noticed

been trying for days to get me to enter a writing him at the back of the lunch line at noon, and contest, and this morning at breakfast I told her sitting by himself in the afternoon assembly. And

I just couldn't. History finals were coming up, I tonight after school, there was Larry cheering at

was spending three hours a day on the ball field, the baseball game for the boy who hadn't bothered and the English theme, due this morning, had to give him a ride to school.

taken two weeks of hard research to complete. No, After the game and a shower I looked for

I just couldn't enter that contest, and with these Larry. I wanted to tell him how sorry I was

things on my mind I had forgotten to give Larry about his English theme and my not offering a ride to school. him a ride to school. I wanted to thank him for

Larry Smith was lame from birth. This morning complimenting me on my paper article and wishas he limped into class he was chastised severely ing me luck on my game. I wanted to thank him

for being late, and he lost credit on his theme. He for cheering during the ball game. I just wanted

placed the tardy work on Mr. Jensen's desk and to be his friend. But Larry wasn't to be found.

edged toward his seat. As he stooped to pick up a They told me he was at the library. As I drove

pencil I saw the tear in his eye. But he looked past I knew that somewhere inside Larry would

over toward me with a big smile and said, "Hi, have his head buried in textbooks, trying with all

Joe."I knew the reason for the tear and felt a his heart to make up some lost English credit.

twinge of conscience that because of my lack of As I pulled into our driveway there was Mom thoughtfulness he had lost credit on the theme with a smile on her face. "Oh, hello. Son. Glad

that he had spent so many hours preparing. you're home. Did you learn lots today?"

"Oh yes, Mom,"I cried. "If you only kneiv how A winner in tlie 1967 Era of Youth Writing Contest,

Elder Lee Moe Christensen is now a missionary in much I learned today. Mom, will you help me? I

Australia. He is 20, and his home is in Spanish Fork, ivant to enter that writing contest after all.

Utah.

I want to write a story called 'Kindness.'"

November 1967 93 ace to Face

... with someone you've

always wanted to meet.

"Happiness isn't always doing what you WANT to do. Sometimes it's doing

what you don't want to do, and being glad you did."

That's the last thing Sister Jessie

Evans Smith said to us as we left the interesting apartment where she and her husband. President Joseph Fielding

Smith, live. As you know, he is a member of the First Presidency of The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints. Listening to her speak this

truth so fervently, we couldn't help considering that just visiting her was something we'd always wanted to do.

(Pictured with Sister Jessie Evans Smith 94 are Cindy Bodir)e and Michelle Moench)

Q: When did you start singing?

A: I sang my first song

when I was six years old.

It was '1 Think When I Read That Sweet Story of Old";

and when I came to the part about his hands could have been placed on my head/'I wept.

The next time I was asked to sing my brother said he wouldn't go if I sang because I'd bawl and he'd be embarrassed.

My father told him he'd pay to hear me sing some day... and he didl

and how glad we are we did it! There

just isn't anybody like her anywhere.

It was arranged by the Era of Youth editors for us aspiring musicians to learn some lessons from someone who has really had success in this field.

We asked her questions. We looked

at her fabulous magnifying glass invention. We noted souvenirs from

their travels all over the world. We

fingered the elegant quilt that Sister

Smith has made from ties donated by the men of the Tabernacle Choir.

(What a novel idea!) We looked at

clippings from her opera days and listened to the stories of the exciting people she's met. We listened to her

read from President Smith's books. We

felt her spirit as we blended voices in a hymn of worship. What a thrill that

was! Her diction is perfect. And before

we left, we must have asked her a hundred questions. Q: What advice can you give

Q: Do you believe a talent to a young musician?

like yours is a gift of God? Practice and prayer and service-

A: Oh, yes! those are the key words

life. One of my favorite sayings is to put into your

"A song from the heart Always rememterJhat the Lord will be answered with a blessing has the power to do for us on your head."what we cano ourselves.

I've taken the gift of song If we do our part given to me and tried to repay my Father and prayerfully seek him, in heaven by serving him. he'll be with us,

And how I've been blessedl to our success in his work.

Q: Have you ever had to make

a choice between the pursuit of music and the Church?

A: Well, when I was asked

to become a contralto with the Metropolitan Opera, X->-

T told them I'd have to pray about it.

And I did.

I also studied my patriarchal blessing, which said that my name would be heard at home d abroad for my ability to entertain but that success would come in the service of the Lord.

That was my answer.

I came home and joined the Tabernacle Choir, and I've sung all over the world.

I try to learn at least one song in the native tongue of each country we visit.

And I have more requests to sing on radio programs than I can fill.

ear amily June 25, 1967 learned something. It was great!

My biggest thrill came tonight when

Well, as time goes on things are becoming retreat sounded. I saluted while the

better and better. colors slowly came to the ground. It

made chills go up and down my spine. As the

I have really enjoyed the army the last color guard was folding the colors I felt couple of weeks. Last night on guard selfish because I had thoughts of

duty when I was alone, I asked myself why. wishing I were home. When I came back to

The reason is all 100 percent attitude. the barracks, I had a good feeling, and

When I first arrived I had a desire for I thanked God for giving me a great a good attitude, but it takes time. I've country and wonderful parents to help me

got it now, I believe, for sure. appreciate it.

After my mindwandering on guard duty, Probably the most important thing this

I went to bed. Today as I woke up I country has given me is the freedom to

promised myself that during the day I belong to the Church. It has given me

would at all times keep a wholesome attitude the right to worship how, where, or and try to absorb everything that was what I may, and gives every other man that offered. First of all, we had reveille same privilege. How great it is! The

and saluted as the music played and army is doing nothing but good for the flag went upward. As I watched it I me, which I realize now. The things I am

thought of all the fabulous opportunities learning each day are things I can those three beautiful colors symbolize. use in just about anything I do. Is it

During the day we were taught first aid too much to ask of me to spend four and more gunand-weapon assembly. and onehalf months, or two years if need

As I took my M-14 apart, cleaned it, and be, serving the country that has then reassembled it, I had a feeling given me 18 years of happiness? I don't

of satisfaction as though I had really think so.

John Westwood was in basic training at Ft. Bragg, North

Carolina, when he wrote this letter to his parents. It was

not meant for publication, but with their permission we are printing it.

98 Era of Youth Well, I want to thank you for putting in my mind the right ideas about this great country in which we live, and thanks for the Church you've brought me up in, and, last of all, thank you for being you. May God bless you all

and may he give me the desire to use in my dayto-day life the things that you've taught me, because it is just now that I realize that the advice I sometimes thought was oldfashioned and out of it is essential to my being a balanced individual.

I've also learned how much I need my

Heavenly Father and am so grateful for him,

Thanks for everything.

Sure love you all!

JOHN

November 1967 99 What Every LDS Youth Should Know

your Prophets

Presidents Joseph Smith, and Young;

Taylor next, then Woodruff, Snow;

Joseph F. Smith

followed him.

Then Grant and Smith (George Albert, you know) And the Prophet we revere today,

President David 0. McKay.

r )now thegospel Read the books Heed the word Love thy neighbor Serve the Lord, ril serve the Lord while I am young'IS what we sing in church;

And if we try to do his will, Hell help us in our search.

Where do you come from?

Which family shoot?

Do you know all your cousins From each sire's root? now

November 1967 family tree IWW your missionary

greeting

BonjoiiT (French)

Konichiwa (Japanese)

102 Era of Youth yourself

There's more to you than limb and part,

Don't shrink or fear or cower;

Inside your youthful mind and heart

Are faith and strength and power.

November 1967 103 Scholarships and Cash Awards

Three separate competitions Enter the one for the college you are interested in attending

Brigham Young University Ricks CollegeWriting Church College of Hawaii

All three schools are awarding full and partial scholarships for the best young writers.Contest (Please note: No entries from the mainland USA will be

accepted for the Church College of Hawaii scholarships.)We want you

to enter... Eligible Entrants:

High school seniors (196768) Collegeage (under 25 years of age on January 1, 1968)

Rules:

Original poetry, short stories, or feaauthor. (Original means that it Youth Writing Contest, The Imture articles should be typewritten is the work of the writer and not provement Era, 79 South State

on white paper 8 x 11 inches, something copied from some street. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111,

doublespaced, on one side of the other source or planned or writpostmarked not later than Decempaper only. ten by others.) ber 31, 1967.

Each entry must be designated by a At the top of the first page of the Winning entries become the property pen name and must be accompanied manuscript, the author should write of The Improvement Era. The Era

by a sealed envelope containing: either BYU, RICKS, or CHURCH reserves first publication rights to

1. The author's actual name, age, COLLEGE OF HAWAII, to desigall entries. Payment for nonwinning

home address, title of entry, and nate which school he/she would be entries will be made upon publica- a walletsize photo. interested in attending if the entry tion. No entries will be returned.

2. The following statement: "This merits a scholarship award. All entries should be suitable for

work is original,"signed by the Entries must be mailed to the Era of publication in The Improvement Era.

Three teenagers from Payneham and Orlandina Bonavita. tor director. The other winner, OrlanWard in Australia won prizes in The George Watt is the Payneham Ward dina Bonavita, 17, is the Primary secreEra's Youtin Writing Contest. Era director and the enthusiast who tary for the ward.

At a recent Adelaide Stake conferencouraged all three to enter. He is The three members of the Payneham

ence, Superintendent G. Carlos Smith, 18 years of age and a priest. Ward hope to make use of their prizes

Jr., of the YMMIA presented special Also 18 and holding the office of—part scholarships to the Church Colmedallions to David Sturt, George Watt, priest is David Sturt, the ward Instruclege of Hawaii.

104 Era of Youth (i/iamWfimf'%AmfU /9S'feskiliFaelWy

1. PEOPLES AND ARTS

TOUR OF EUROPE A firstclass visit to Europe from Athens to London, emphasizing concerts, operas, wor/ts of art, etc.

Directors—J. LaVar Bateman

and Todd A. Briisch.

June 18 to August 14.

13. MEXICO SUMMER RESIDENCE

2, STUDENT EUROPEAN TOUR Visit the major cities and colonial areas of

Designed especially for college Old Mexico while you study the culture of the students and recent graduates who ancient Aztecs and learn to understand want to see the best of Europe the contemporary spirit ol modern fi/lexico limited J. Warner budget. on a Ted ol experienced under the guidance

this direct B. Harris John and to professors. August 10. June 14

14. 18 tour. to August June

14. ABROAD SEMESTERS BRITAIN TO TOUR GENEALOGY fascinating of three from one Choose for lifetime of a guided 3.The chance

full semester. to Music for one study places in research ancestor Europe

will exciting literature provide an and direction of the help with and

Austria, Salzburg, at semester you specialist E. Gardner, David

filmed. of was "The Music"lor Sound where British in research.

political history, science Grenoble, At 15. 9 to August July

will learn writing you help creative and all about. France what IN A NUTSHELL

live to where each day Or you may wishis trip composite A delightfulA. EUROPE

in the ancient history modern to see makes of Europe. the highlights

Political science, city of Jerusafem. Switzerland, France, Germany,

a kibbutz will religion work on and actual England. Holland, Belgium and

your dream of overseas study make will direct you. Shute R. Wayne

come true. to 19. July August 28

5. EUROPEAN ECONOMY TOUR

Designed especially for adults who want to take that longawaited trip on a limited budget.

All the sights and sounds of Europe at its best. Under the direction ol

James B. Allen, July 9 to August 15.

6. BIBLE LANDS TOUR

Truman G. Madsen will direct a

comprehensive tour from Rome to Athens to the Holy Land.

The places where news is making history. June 10 to July 3.

7. CHURCH HISTORY - HILL CUMORAH PAGEANT TOUR An inspirational tour including all the important sites of LDS Church history—

Palmyra, Independence, Nauvoo, Carthage and of course, the Hill Cumorah

Pageant, etc. Directors—Ivan J. Barrett and Lynn A McKinlay. July 26 to August 4.

8. 'ROUND THE WORLD TOUR

The real dream tour ol a lifetime visiting such places as the Holy Land,

Egypt, Cambodia, Kenya, Tanzania, India. Nepal, Hong Kong.

Japan and Hawaii. June 18 to July 30.

9. CENTRAL AMERICA AND MEXICO TOUR

Visit the mysterious ruins ol the ancient Aztecs and fJlaya in Yucatan and Guatemala, and see the charming colonial cities and bustling, exciting presentday Latin America. Directors—Steve V. Covington and

f. LeRoy Walser. June 19 to July 6.

10. SOUTH AMERICAN TOUR

Everything from the ancient Book of Mormon period ruins to the thrilling ultramodern cities of Latin America. From the swank beaches of Brazil to the

soaring Andes at mysterious ti/tachuPichu. October 15 to November 15.

11. SOUTH PACIFIC TOUR The charm of tropical seas and Polynesian people—

Hawaii and then some—Tahiti, New Zealand, Australia, Fiji and Samoa. Director—Richard L. Gunn. November 1968.

12. HAWAIIAN SOCIOCULTURAL TOUR

A full month of study in the fsfands. fJlake fascinating new friends as you

experienceDirector—Wilfordthe excitementE. andSmith.cultureJune of17 theto JulyPacific.17.

Experienced professors tt Stud&nt lead tour groups JoU dO?tOt fittVe tO bC

5s Optional credit courses available j;Q dlSCOVef tkC WOndefS

LDS standards required n n t 7.#7 TiTTrr Special events featured Of tke WOTid Wlttl B 1 U Ofl

Finest and safest carriers used Oiv(y Of vivkjOKj (yJi/Cvl/(//t(j l/OtC/Ot

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Your family deserves to enjoy And you can do it so easily; a

the pleasant, happy, things of stroke of your pen can create an picture life... and you can also make "Instant Estate"for your family,

of carefree tosureachievethey haveall theythe haveopportunityset their Thistailored"Instantto yourEstate"specificcanneedsbe by happiness.. heartsthem withon ifa yousecurehavefinancialprovided aBeneficialknowledgeableLife Agent.and experiencedGive him

guaranteed by future through foresight and the opportunity to complete the

Beneficial Life Insurance planning - and life insurance. picture of happiness for you.

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

f t