CLIFFORD E. YOUNG

MARCH 1957:1N*.

%t

AN ORIGINAL PAINTING FOR FRISKIES BY DOUGLASS CROCKWELL

A little man's best friend deserves Friskiest

Meatloving dogs love Friskies Meal

REAL MEAT NOURISHMENT well balanced diet. He gets

in economical meal form! the "meaty"taste and smell,

Friskies Meal satisfies your the hamburgerlike texture, dog's need for meat... and is that all dogs crave.

even more nourishing than saves you money and you meat alone. satisfaction of have the

ESSENTIAL VITAMINS. YOUT knowing your dog is being

dog gets the vitamins, minfed right. Start feeding

erals and other known necFriskies Meal... made to the

essary food elements he high quality standards of must have for a complete the Carnation Company. MEAL

A Complete Doq Food FOR VARIETYGive your dog nourishing canned Friskies.

Friskies alone, or mix with Feed taste treat (arnation Meal. A special

bog foop your dog will love. quality products Easy,Ready instantat once.m/xingJustWon't mush.addFeedingwater.

bowl rinses clean. Complete nutriALBERS MILLING CO., DIV. OF CARNATION COMPANY, LOS ANGELES 36, CALIFORNIA COPR. 1956, ALBERS milling CO. tion at its best.

<*f Exploring I y-s the Universe

by Dr. Franklin S. Hams, Jr.

Tn the Great Lakes region between -*- the United States and Canada the popular name given May flies depends on which way the winds blow. Along

the US shores they are called "Canadian soldiers"because they seem to come from the north. If the wind blows from

the south so that the May flies are carried in swarms into Canada, they are called "Yankee soldiers."

Decent studies of the closely spaced *-*- gas cavities that are scattered through the ice in icebergs show that the air in the bubbles is under a pressure of from 2 to 6 atmospheres. When

berg ice melts in a pail of water, the air in the bubbles is liberated with a fizzing sound. The gas cavities in the

ice change the color of pure ice from blue to white.

rT,HE rabbit population in Great Britain *- has been reduced from 100 million to around 3 million by the continued spread of the rabbit disease, myxomatosis. It is estimated that because of

the reduction in the number of rabbits, within the past two years the grazing season has been lengthened considerably and crop yields increased in some places by 50 percent, saving farmers about 42 million dollars a year.

A compound, kinetin, which makes *- cells divide, has been isolated in pure form at the University of Wisconsin. Kinetin is obtained from desoxyribonnucleic acid and has a molecular

weight of 215. As little as ten parts in

a million million (a trillion) parts of other matter added to culture media for plant tissue cells that are long past the growth period will cause the cells to divide and new cells to be formed as long as the kinetin is in the medium.

Tn 1954 in Soviet Russia twice as many -r books were published as in 1940.

There were 130 million copies of political publications, 234 million scientific and technical works, 259 million textbooks, 118 million volumes of fiction, and 117 million children's books.

PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

MARCH****1957 129 M The "Eisenhower Doctrine

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

to our States as "dangerous the United suggested Era it was the January In British foreign peace and safety."The States be conthe that might United

sidering "some longrange program of minister, George Canning, had sugpractical idealism to (1) retain British gested a joint declaration on the subject and French friendship in the Atlantic to Richard Rush the preceding August and western Europe, but, (2) recogniz20, 1823. But the "Monroe Doctrine"

ing them as liabilities in Africa and was issued as a unilateral statement of it was the psSi Asia,... attempting to (3) encourage the US President. Behind

more national freedom for Egypt (withsure knowledge that the British navy contifar as keeping sustain it so would Israel) the broad and out offending W Latin out of nental powers European states stretching of Islamic from world

Algiers to Indonesia."1 Written in America was concerned. By 1904 PresiNovember 1956, the idea was expressed dent Theodore Roosevelt was able to

state that the British fleet would noSAFEWAY in official policy January 5, 1957. The

Sells a River of occasionmessage deliveredwas the extraordinaryin person by specialPresithelongerUnitedbe necessary,States, ifthanknecessary,you, andwouldthat

MILK dentCongress.EisenhowerThe messageto a embodiedjoint sessiona newof exercisein the interests"an internationalof law andpoliceorder power"in the

for Utah Dairymen phasehas beenof Americancalled the foreign"Eisenhowerpolicy.DocIt region.earned theButnameRoosevelt's"The RooseveltstatementCorolonly

trine."lary to the Monroe Doctrine,"and did

One of America's most perplexing There have been other "doctrines"not become the "Roosevelt Doctrine."

of just a agricultural year or problems of Secretary 6, 1931, February Presidents: 3. On by American

surplus of announced the tremendous ago two was addressed the L. Stimson Henry proclaState "Neutrality"1. The socalled dairy products. milk and

Relations Council on Foreign in New issued Washington, George by largely has by mation been solved The problem launched York City. The statement occasion 1793. April 22, was the The propromotion strong merchandising and

grams. Safeway has played an important aggressive action of revolutionary what became known as the "Stimson

role in this development in Utah. France. The US was bound to that Doctrine,"or, sometimes, the "HooverIf the Utahproduced milk and milk nation by a treaty of alliance of 1778. Stimson Doctrine"(by including PresiStores sold through products were Safeway Stimson's Mr. Herbert Hoover, dent It instrumental in winning been had

into they stream, would one channeled earlier chief). had Wilson Woodrow Great from independence American river, quite because: a make

as a establish standards tried to moral effect Britain. of Washington's The

for All requirements Utah Milk Lucerne of test for recognition new by the US alliance sever to the proclamation was Federated from the and come Wyoming states. foreign in This governments in the to state that of Association France with Utah. Producers Milk and

All the cream for the manufacture of war between France on the one side, proved unsuccessful, and Mr. Stimson

Party Pride Ice Cream sold through Safeand Great Britain, Austria, Prussia, Holannounced the abandonment of this efway Stores in this area comes from the land, and Sardinia on the other, we fort in his address February 6, 1931. He

at Association Valley Dairymen's Cache recognize said any foreign the US would sincerity good faith with and Smithfield, of "should the Uintah Creamery and of the government had control that (1) friendly a conduct and pursue adopt and Altamont.

of the state; administrative machinery powers. the belligerent impartial toward to Dried milk used products make of general acquiescence (2) enjoyed the policy broke neutrality down.."The at Skylark Bread Wright's the. Mrs. and

Salt Lake and Denver Fairfax bakeries in 1798 when we fought an undeclared its people; and (3) had the ability and

Stores of nine for Safeway states come "internato discharge its in 1812, willingness France. against Again of war Association Dairy from Weber Central obligations."conventional tional and general in the sides same we shifted Ogden.

1932 the Hooverby January However, British. conflict fought the and

other products are Utah dairy Many reincorporated Stimson doctrine had 2, 1823, President December 2. On sold under the brand through Safeway

name of the processor. James Monroe, in his seventh annual moral tones, inescapable in American

message to Congress, said that any foreign policy, and inherent in points products dairy Total Utah milk and detached Japan (2) and (3). When postof the the part attempt on last by Safeway purchased year amounted 1931, from China in Manchuria the US "to extend powers European Napoleonic to $5,245,531.

their system to any portion of this refused recognition. We extended our

SAFEWAY IS A FRIEND OF THE FAMhemisphere"would be considered by refusal to "any situation, treaty, or agreeILY... AND A FRIEND OF THE 'Overture [or the Second Inaugural,"These Times, ment which may be brought about"

DAIRYMAN FARMER January 1957. (Continued on page 134)

SAFEWAY

11 Imm

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "The dearest possession a man has is his family. In the divine assurance

that family ties may transcend the boundaries of death and may continue throughout endless ages of eternity, I find supreme consolation and inspiration."—David O. McKay.

m niiimiiimiim mi i m i in urn Him niiilli m nil i 111 = 111111111111 iiiiimimn 11 1 1 1 iimiiiiiimiiMiin niiiiiiiiinmiiiiiiimiiiMmiiimmiiuniiiiiiimrii

BOOK OF MORMON STORIES TELL ME A STORY For Young Latterday Saints

By Emma Marr Petersen rich, stories the exciting Book These from stories best of the from very 50 are Here testimonies strengthen will of young Mormon delightfully Friend,"each Children's "The scripfor the within a love them and for and suited ideally boys read and easy to tures desire of the to Morread Book a instilland girls 6 to 14 years of age. These exciting mon. Other inspiring books by this

for writer: Stories authoritative "Bible Young fine short stories are illustrated and contain a

of Story Latterday our Saints""The and $3.00 moral. for Saints."Latterday Church Young

$3.00 each

mm 1 1111 11 1 111 iniiiiiiiiiiii 1 nun 1111 tin iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiEiiii mini iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiimimiiii 1 1111111111111111 mill mill iiimiiimimm

AN ADVENTURE IN FAITH JESUS OF NAZARETH

By S. Dilworth Young By Dr. Deta Petersen Neeley

Here's a story you can read as a continuous Here is a completely captivating story of the story for your family for young and old alike. life of Jesus, told with historical and scripThey will thrill to the adventures of Jed Colby tural authenticity in a language any fourthas he lives thru a shipwreck and makes the grader can easily understand. The author has

famous trek of the Mormon Battalion. This skillfully dramatized the Four Gospels to

faithpromoting novel will particularly appeal make the story and its people come to life.

to boys and girls 11 to 16 years of age. $1.75 $2.00

Miiiiiinimiiijiiiiiiiiiiininiiiiiiiiimimiiiiiimninmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimii minim 1111 111 1111 minium 1 1 nun 1 in 1 1111 11 in 1 = mi niiiiiiiiiMimiiiMmminiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiMiinmm 1 iiiiiiiimmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.

mm AVAILABLE FROM BOOKCRAFT DEALERS BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

EVERYWHERE. 1 186 SOUTH MAIN IN 7-791 mmmmi

MARCH 1957 131 OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS, WARD TEACHERS, MUSIC COMMITTEE, DEPARTMENT VOLUME 60 NUMBER 3

OF EDUCATION, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints MARCH 1957

The Voice of the Church

THE COVER

Elder Clifford E. Young, whose likeness

appears on our cover, has been an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve since the April general conference of 1941. He was born

December 7, 1883, at Salt Lake City. (See

page 144.) The Editors Page This full color photostudy of Elder Young is the work of Hal Rumel Studios.

True Education President David O. McKay 141 DAVID O. McKAY

RICHARD. L. EVANS

Church Features 'Editors Doyle L. Green

Your Question: The Divine Law of Witnesses Joseph Fielding Smith 142 Managing Editor

Clifford E. Young, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve Preston Nibley 144 Marba C. Josephson

MIA Youth Conference, West German Mission Adam S. Bennion 148 Associate Managing Editor

We Walk By Faith (A Reprint) Orson F. Whitney 163 Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Strengthening the Tie that Binds W. Glenn Harmon 166 Production Editor

Jr. Albert L. Zobell, Jesus Early Days of the Lord's Ministry, MIA Reading Course: the Christ—IX Research Editor

-.-Doyle L. Green 168

Eileen Gibbons The Church Moves On 136 Presiding Bishopric's Page 194 Manuscript Editor

Melchizedek Priesthood 192 Archibald F. Bennett

G. Homer Durham

Special Features Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Milton R. Hunter

The Emerson Ward Mural Mary Kimball Johnson 150 Hugh Nibley

You Also Can Serve...Pansy McCarty 152 Lee A. Palmer

Afraid? I. H. Kingsbury 154 Claude B. Petersen

Parents: A Look at Ourselves Antone K. Romney 156 Sidney B. Sperey

Deta Petersen Neeley, Woman of Courage Marba C. Josephson 164 Contributing Editors

The Spoken Word from Temple Square. Richard L. Evans 172, 188, 204 ELBERT R. CURTIS

( lateral Manager Exploring the Universe, Franklin Times, These S. HarEisenhower Doctrine, The

ris, Jr 129 G. Homer Durham 130 BERTHA S.AssociateREEDERManager, Your Page Ours and 208

Today's Family Verl F. Scott

Business. Manager

for Recipe Happy Homemaking Box, Trouble Florence A 196 My A. Glen Snarr Bring Tears, Your Me Approach Make Florence J. to HouseJ. JohnsonFriendly,..201 S u h scr ip t ion Director Johnson Price 200 Louise Bell 205

Thayer Evans Regional Advertising ies, Poetry Re pre sentativ e EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

My Sister Anna Bess Foster Smith 153 50 North Main Street

St* 50 North Main YMMIA Offices, To Be a King, Part II Hugh J. Cannon 158 Offices, St. -10 North Main:. YWMIA

The Richest Girl in Town Mary E. Knowles 160 Salt Lake City 16, Utah

Frontispiece, Where Blows the Wind? Poetry Page 140 National A dvertising Representatives

Pansye H. Powell 139 111 Wind, Marian Schroder Crothers 207 TOWNSEND, MILLSAP & CO.

no Sutter St.

San Francisco, California Copyright 1957 by Inc., Mutual Funds, published and by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the TOWNSEND, & CO. MILLSAP

of JesusChurch Christ of Latterday Saints. reserved. All rights 672 Lafayette price, Subscription Place Park year, $2.50 a

; foreignin advance subscriptions, $3.00 a year, 57, single in advance; 25c Angeles California Los copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake secondclass as matter. City, Utah for Acceptance mailing at SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATESspecial rate for of postage provided in section 1103. of October Act 1917, authorized 2, 1918. July 342 Madison Ave.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. New York 17, N. Y.

paidManuscripts are for on acceptance at the rate of be suffiword and must l%c a accompanied by DAVIS & SONScient for delivery postage return. and

St. 30 LaSalle N.Thirty days'notice required for address. of change ordering change, a please include When address Illinois Chicago,slip recent issue from a the of magazine. Address changes cannot be unless the old address made as

iswell as the included. one new of Member, Audit Bureau Circulations

Cut Curing Time in Half

<. mm Use the OnceOver JOHN DEERE MOWERHAY CONDITIONER Combinati

Now you can cut and condition hay in one fast operation. New MowerAbove andyou Haysee Conditionerthe No. 5

hookup and drive equipment adapts the John Deere Hay Conattionerworkfollowstogether.directlyThe behindCondiditioner for use with No. 5 and No. 20-A Mowers. As a result, one the tractor for easier handling.

man with one tractor cuts and conditions hay at the same time.

When you condition hay with the John Deere Hay Conditioner, you save more valuable leaves and small stems... you SEND FOR FREE LITERATURE

cut curing time in half... you make higherquality hay that JOHN DEERE MOLINE, ILL. DEPT.K50

brings a better return whether you feed or sell. Bales made of Pleasethe JohnsendDeereme aHayfreeConditioner.illustrated folder on

conditioned hay are firmer, weigh more, and are easier to handle.

See your John Deere dealer in time to put a new John Deere Name—STUDENT

Hay Conditioner on your farm next haying season.

R.R.. -Box,

TownState, JOHN DEERE "WHEREVER CROPS CROW, THERE'S A GROWING DEMAND

FOR JOHN DEERE FARM EQUIPMENT"

133MARCH 1957 These limes (Continued from page 130) Truman Doctrine to the available major by force ("contrary"said the text, "to area in the world left untouched by the the covenants and obligations of the previous developments—the Middle East.

Pact of Paris"of 1927). The Soviet Why was not the Middle East ingovernment was recognized, notwithcluded in a pact like the other negotiastanding, by President Franklin D. tions: NATO, Rio, ANZAC, SEATO?

of course was; added to it was

military assistance AT YOUR LOCAL Rooseveltreverted to Novemberthe earlier 16,phase1933.of theHe NATO.Turkey Also, US

LUMBER DEALERS Stimsonreincorporationdoctrineof somewhat.the moral testsBut theattoby PakistanMr. Dulleswas innegotiated1954. Butin betweenSEATO

tempted by Wilson persist, and today Turkey and Pakistan, despite technical are "read in"to points (2) and (3) of assistance programs (such as Iran), the HooverStimson doctrine, in addithere were no US guaranteed military tion to the Manchurian "corollary."Red security arrangements. Why?

China, in control of the "administrative The answer is that the US was bound machinery"since 1950, is still unrecogto Britain and France by NATO; and

nized by the United States. Britain and France were bound, one

4. On March 12, 1947, President Haror the other of them, in various ways to

ry S. Truman went before Congress with Algeria, Egypt, Israel, Iraq, Jordan, and

the special message which became the other countries of the Middle East. It

"Truman Doctrine."Henry S. Comwas impolitic on two counts for the US

mager has written, "The idea that the to negotiate military alliances or mutual

United States was to underwrite the dedefense arrangements in this great refense of free states against totalitarian gion: (1) the first count—impolite to

regimes was widely hailed as a sharp our western European allies who viewed new turn in American foreign policy, North Africa and the Middle East as a worldwide equivalent of the Monroe areas of their primary interest (just as

Doctrine."Said Mr. Truman: we view the Western Hemisphere as a

"I believe it must be the policy of matter of primary concern); (2) we

the United States to support free peoples were not sure of the advantages and who are resisting attempted subjugation disadvantages to ourselves, in view of by armed minorities or by outside presthe anticolonial feelings in this region sures. towards the British and the French,

"I believe we must assist free peoples feelings already directed against us.

to work out their own destinies in their Hence, the need for a policy that would own way.""retain British and French friendship

He then asked for $400,000,000 for inand theyet extendAtlantictheandfundamentalwestern Europe"notions

GreekTurkish economic aid and for stated in the Doctrine of "asTruman congressional authority to "detail Amersisting free peoples"everywhere.

civilian ican personnel and military to

BritishFrench-Israeli attack The on

Greece request and Turkey, at the in of Egypt late October 1956, followed those countries."

ceasefire the by (backed the by UN Doctrine, in the The worldTruman

States United Russia), the and opened of its wide declaration, sweep was for extension policy an too way of American broad for worldwide implementation to the Middle "Eisenhower East—the all at once. Implementation with began Doctrine."

aid the of 1947. GreekTurkish program "Eisenhower Doctrine"The is open

for Marshall Plan EuroThe Western to Gives More for Your Money hazards, such many as (1) irritating followed Foreign pean (the Recovery

Britain irritating France, the and (2) sq. regain 7 Assistance You can also of Act 1948). Then states are enthusiastic Arab not (who ft. ofspace usable $80-$90 - aboutworth of the Rio Pact 1947 the came and

irIsrael, doctrine) the about in and every your (3) around doorway home, of Atlantic Treaty Organization North easily with quickly and ritating India FOLDOOR other "neutralist"and 1949. Assistance came Mutual Then it Install door. folding "Beautyline"states, reviving the cold war with (4)

.. it paint in yourself minutes International proand Cooperation

Russia, for hazards and new (5) posing to paint. base yourself with rubber grams, with the mingled ANZAC Mr. Eisenhower color the favorite your Republican and harmonize with

scheme. Feathertouch action... (Australia, New Zealand, Canada) Pact Party at home. Each of the five

the (Southeast Asia Treaty and vinyl lifetime fabric door on washable SEATO brief of "hazards"is worthy comment. free. cornice attractive included and so Pact, Organization) Soviet that the

1. Irritating BritBritain France. and will give Beautyline door Foldoor area ringed Americaninspired with was spacious, gracious oilrich ain still has any room important a new and

appearance. See this spacesaver door military and mutual assistance (includstrategic protectorates in the Middle

aid) pacts. ing economic Korean today at your lumber dealer. The East; for example, and there are Aden

of this in pursuit undertaken war was of Kuwait. the Sheikdom The Suez

in policy general cooperation in 1950,

Distributed by with the United Nations. Canalin July Company,1956, was a nationalizedFrench concern.by EgyptAlso,

in Iraq, Jordan, and Egypt MORRISONMERRILL what occurs

for hazard Morocco. and The the US background, is the what With this & CO. is inescapably felt in French Algeria is irritation will in this be it that we essence In Doctrine?""Eisenhower

Building Material Distributors is the continuation and extension of the (Concluded on page 174) 134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 Messages of Inspiration

addresses These by the Authorities, General se- 2 Archaeology and the lected personby them collection, this ally for MKS|AGIS Book of Mormon contain rich and rewardMilton R. Hunter

information ing This is an on many exciting account of Dr. Milton R aspects of the Restored Hunters personal tour

Gospel. Just a few from of the archaeological

many subjects discussed ruins of Southern Mexico are: faith, prayer, obediand Central America.

ence, gratitude and charThis personal tour of ity. $3.75 Book of Mormon country reads with all the excitement of a presentday

novel. It's profusely illustrated with over 134 intriguing photographs. J

3 Discourses of the Prophet $4.50

Burton P. Alma by Compiled Smith JOSeph

disFollett King the as sermons important Such Joseph Prophet the by others Teachings many and course of the to 4 New accord.ng Testament clashed and arranged are SmTth au.aII Dr.Mr Lowell1 L.r nBennion this in matter subject --* You can discover AU volume. more handy one Of the underlying is conmaterial meanthe of ing of religious by and arranged moral veniently Toesfises S teachings in the immediate for subject New IDSEPH Testament special through This study reference.

of this excellent arrangeand work. treatment fhe focal opis point better a on offers rement ligion it as understand functions to in portunity

lives, our not the on and abstract Prophet the theology nor him. to textual crirevealed truths

ticism. $3.00?3 50

5 Teachings of the TO THE. LDS CHURCH |

Doctrine and Covenants bUSHBRS

William E. Berrett OFFICIAL

ijHiLiU- 3- Those who have desired additional iBoofe to enlightenment difficult on sections in u the Doctrine and Covenants will find this complete study an excellent 44 East Sou) aid. Not only rder -charge it does offer great

assistance to members studying doctrine, LDS but it also opens to my account ior doors of underMome- StateStanding to...Zone inAddress sales taxvestigators"and inc'Suae 2% converts. $3.00 CitVResidents o{Utah

MARCH 1957 135 THE CHURCH MOVES ON It's entirely

A Day to Day Chronology of Church Events

Automatic...

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the

January 1957 Council of the Twelve, dedicated the

(Idaho) high school. ELECTRIC The First Presidency announced seminary building near the Pocatello

the appointment of Mrs. Helen W. Elder Joseph E. Mickelsen, formerly

Anderson as second counselor in the second counselor to President Stanley WATER general presidency of the Relief Society A. Rasmussen of the Mount Jordan

of the Church, succeeding Mrs. Velma (Utah) Stake, sustained as first counHEATING N. Simonsen; and the appointment of selor, succeeding Elder J. Ernest Jensen.

Miss Hulda Parker as secretarytreasurer Elder Marlon S. Bateman sustained as

costs the of that organization, succeeding Mrs. second counselor in that stake presiaverage Margaret C. Pickering. Both Mrs. dency.

family Simonsen and Mrs. Pickering have deThis was designated as "100 percent

only voted long years to the cause of Relief Sunday"by the Sunday Schools of the about Society and the Church. Mrs. Anderson Church.

a dime is a former member of the general board a day of the Relief Society; Miss Parker a

former member of the Young Women's ffiW Spotlight on MIA: "Meet Me at

Mutual Improvement Association genjr Mutual"night. In many areas

Buy from Your Dealer or Plumber eral board. Mrs. Belle S. Spafford is of the Church, where more than one

the general president of the Relief Soward use the same chapel, this MIA asregularly was held on their and Mrs. Marianne C. Sharp is program Be Modern ciety during night this week, signed Mutual counselor. the first

Live Electrically instead of Tuesday evening, which has been traditionally MIA night.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. [ Elder Alten Christensen sustained

as president of the Sevier (Utah)

Stake succeeding President Marden D. ga. "This Is Life Eternal,"an adPearson. President Christensen's coundress by Elder Delbert L. Stapley

selors are Elders Orlando J. Condie and of the Council of the Twelve, was preGRIND YOUR OWN DwaincounselorsJ. Pearson.were EldersPresidentArnold Pearson'sL. Petersentedgram ofon thethe ChurchColumbiaof theBroadcastingAir proFLOUR & CEREAL releasedson and withJuniusPresidentF. Powell,Pearson.who were System'sThe Fourteenthradio network.Ward, Salt Lake

with this sturdy Stake, was formally disorganized and its

jacent SixthSeventh wards: Ward, called been have Hunt Afton W. p

and Seventeenth Temple View Stake, of general the board WHEAT MILL to]W Mrs. Mary V. Cameron and Mrs. membership records transferred to adon membership

the Relief Society, it was announced. and North Seventeenth wards, Salt Lake

ONLY Stake. One of the original nineteen

|QW Elders Howard S. Bennion and wards in Great Salt Lake City, as it

then, Fourteenth the Ward, known apwas Fudge have been George H. $650

its as eastern boundary, with Main Street School Deseret to the pointed Sunday of once the of many ward home POSTPAID Union general board, it was announced. was

of leaders the Church. Withthe pioneer ANYWHERE

IN in the ward's boundaries, the Sunday

AMERICA GW Elder Delmer E. Simpson susSchool movement of the Church in

r tained as second counselor in the the Rocky Mountains was first organpresidency of the South Idaho Falls ized in 1849. The ward, near the

presidency. vacancy Stake This (Idaho) a long Salt been has Temple, Lake corn and Mill grinds or cracks wheat, late of the the passing created by all was favorite of elderly have people who lVi Grinds grains. or soft kinds of hard

presistake of the Blatter Elder Reed minute. per or cereal flour of to Salt pounds to temple do Lake City come

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. dency. work. Because of the encroachment of

SPECIAL PRICES TO LD.S. GROUPS business houses within the area, as well

Rich of Edith appointment it [UW The factors, necessary as has been other

Please one Wheat Mill. Inclosed is send me Priof the to the general board call for to "missionary the order.) Church or (check money $6.50

Name... mary Association was announced. bishops"to lead the ward for almost

a half a century. Elder George Q.

Address E[|W President David O. McKay dediMorris of the Council of the Twelve was

City cated the chapel of the Fort one of these "missionary bishops."The

State Wayne (Indiana) Branch, Great Lakes Fourteenth Ward chapel, one of the

Mission. In addition to serving the Fort oldest Church buildings in the area,

serves as will this used as headquarters continue to be building Branch, Wayne HARDWARE PEHRSON of Minority Group Misthe DisSalt Lake Indiana of the headquarters North SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH SOUTH 11th EAST 2102 sion. mission. trict of the

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CLIMB

"% to*U*c* c IHMTCH y"* FieldChop ANY Forage Crop Fast

Now you can powerharvest and powerfeed all kinds of forage crops... and

step the tonnage way up.

AllisChalmers makes it easy to hitchand-go with your own chopper outfit. You're not tied to one crop. Save them all! Get more nutrition out

of your trench or upright silo and greenchopped summer feed. Keep the

tonnage rolling with the AllisChalmers Forage Harvester and any powerunloading or selffeeder wagon.

Curved cutand-throw knives originated by AllisChalmers boost capacity... with far less power. H

Priced for home ownership, the AllisChalmers Forage Harvester walks right through heavy crops... up to 20 tons or more per acre... with

regular farm tractor power takeoff!

Keep chopping costs down—push tonnage up... compared to oldstyle

cutters. Ask your dealer to show you the latest from AllisChalmers.

ALUSCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

B/owand-Throw! Like a baseball pitcher's hand gripping the ball, wide, cupped

fan blades of the AllisChalmers Blower throw as well as blow. Big 9-inch pipe tunnels feed to highest silos... fast

Cut - andThrow I Wide, powersaving cylinder knives of the AllisChalmers Forage

Harvester are curved and cupped to throw as they cut. (Twelve feet of cutting edge! PowerSharpened right in the machine. ALLISCHALMERS <&>

Guarded by stonestopper safety clutch.

Easy SlideLock interchanging of grass and rowcrop attachments. Side delivery

available. LISTEN! National Farm and Home Hour*NBC—Every Saturday

MARCH 1957 137 fl H H \ )/> New Standard petrochemical has lCH CH H U K

M W v HO an exciting place in your future H

H 0* C Jl 0, C -OH H c H II H CH 'OJ H ) H K Progress in the West means...

OK HCH plentiful raw materials for 3000 manufacturing * Hundreds of thousands of man hours in research produced these crystals that will firms by 1965 revolutionize many paints and plastics.

HOUSE PAINTS THAT LAST YEARS LONGER, superstrong lightweight luggage, improved fibreglass fishing rods and boats... these are some of the things that will come from Isophthalic*,

a new petrochemical from Standard laboratories. Even though

say: Standard's economists "New its possibilities have only begun to be explored, we have invested

will Isophthalic help products from in a multimillion dollar plant to manufacture Isophthalic. provide employment for the 600,000

new workers in manufacturing the

We're convinced it will make as important a change in your life West will have by 1965."

as detergents, wrinkleresistant fabrics and other modern wonders whose basic materials were products of Standard research. Manufacturedowned subsidiary,andOronitedistributedChemicalby Standard'sCompany.wholly

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Where Blows Hhkk TH.S sheltered spot

buffets send the Wind? No sudden

Leaves scurrying and not by Pansye H. Powell A window rattles. O my friend,

I wanted peace, but I forgot

The joy of strife. Where blows the wind?

MARCH 1957 139 CLOUD BISCUITS

By Marjorie L. Hafen

/Fixed by winter, floured with snow, * Kneaded by March winds that blow;

Left to rise in April's calm, Rising higher through June's balm;

Baked in August's torrid term Till they're tender, lightly firm,

Fluffy biscuits slowly rise:

Puffs of clouds to grace fall skies.

SONNET

ELUSIVE CONTENTMENT By Solveig Paulson Russell

By Maude O. Cook By Frances S. Lovell Tf I had known in those young days of mine

for these stored wealth days had What this: for I ask but do like not much a of bit shining so his dewdrop Time, with you me softly hill steps Spring a when down slender, trembles a newborn That on I their in reveled shine golden have would

gold, delicately green and washed leaf, to leaped each glowing anew. meet day And

till, I to that earth have some longmay nostalgic leaves grasp ourEludes and I If treasure, dear, the waiting had known soft, soil lay in to seeds dark some ing lilting for here promise heard your me, Had face; gentle rain and brief. on May find bright again a my joy once andTo toil I to at laughed scorned have and would tulip, sky, as pink a morning

fear, to in grace the hold hands; two is it forever, lost that not my whispersHope free. as do, eagles triumphant, moved And drift of a in narcissus white it hidden For has away Memory If I quiet the content deep had known

I stroll latespring of would where snow it treasure, his as a miser guard wouldTo all love, in your fusing yearning In my earth time peace with and and make it to my day. Recalling brighten dark some gray aside each pushed lament would have for soul. find contentment and my soft as turtledove. as voice with sung IAnd

CLOUDS Oh, dearest one, through you my life gains

By Gordon L. Cluff:;:;;:-.111 And worth,all the best in me is brought to birth!

9n| Cilver lace and fleecy fingers,

Plume the clear blue sky FLIGHT

All the way to heaven's doorstep, high. In the realms on

the billows tumble, By Caroline Eyring MinerUnderneath,

Carved in wondrous lay;

Booming thrash of lightning lingers. Earthbound no longer, up we reach, the

Holding death at bay. sky

Sea blue above, and bluer still below,

Down below on Earth's vast prairie, And in between we lace through clouds.- there; flowers theWait Xs, } VyN, Like blownelfin folk,highlike kites, or like the flow soft the droplets whisperWending

On their cheeks so fair. Of mermaid's hair. No sound of bird is

Quickly then, without a warning here.

Fades the sky of gray; No fluttering leaf. Here we go back to

things rays fromGolden heaven's ruler V3

Of first import, to faith and hope. No fear clouds theChase away.

Hi Weakens the powers. We too have soaring

wings, For winging thought has wrought this mirSEASONED YEARS &%-Harold M. Lambert acle,

By Leah Sherman Has harnessed cloud and wind and arrowed

NIGHT RAIN light, /Crowded within the seasoned years of life And bent them to one great and holy princichildren's faces and small broken By Marian Schroder Crothers Were We soarple. on wings of thought into the mists toys;

of night. rain, the of steeds race untamed full joys of sorrowsDeep and being wife: Where

fresher air, we lift above the clod sky, In clearer, the tossing against wild manes With stillnesses: cricket's country sharpGreen

noise. Hard on the heels of the fleeing wind? And join our thoughts and purposes with

Years filled to overflowing. Memory stirs Loud in the night their hoofbeats drum, God.

The halfforgotten warmth of courtship days. While tall trees tremble and writhe with

Faster and faster, now, life's cycle whirs fright,

In outward circle through unpatterned haze. Under the blows of their slashing feet. TWO WOMEN

Probe quietly to waken sleeping dreams What drove them into headlong flight?

And rediscover love's still smoldering flame; From what far pastures did they come? By Ethel Jacohson

Challenge life's autumn with fullrunning What hidden haven do they seek streams A secret rendezvous to keep? lVfARTHA cards her wool

As interests widen through a broader claim. And spins her flax.

The speeded years are rich in seasoning Elizabeth molds words

For those who walk with quickened pulse BEAUTY IS A FRAGILE THING Like candlewax.

of spring.

By Gladys Hesser Burnham Martha bakes a loaf

And sews a seam.

STRENGTH 1>eauty is a fragile thing and rare: Elizabeth plaits starlight,

Fleeting as a hummingbird in flight, Weaves a dream.

By Vesta Nickerson Lukei Delicate as fine old lace—as fair

As lilies by moonlight. While Martha bends her head.

I ET ME And breathes a prayer,

Be an anvil Music of the harp or violin, Elizabeth wings song

Of faith that can sustain Gentle breezes rustling dry reeds, On every air

The hammer blows of life and still Bird calls chirping through the rosy dawn, And the prayer, the hymn of joy

Endure. Sights and sounds are beauty for our needs. Is there.

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA True

Education

itors by President David O. McKay

Wetakeof theour Churchstand onof JesuseducationChristfromof Latterdaywhat has Saintsbeen women;qualities howas honesty,closely relatedintegrity,are humility,human greatnessgenerosity,and comsuch

given to us in the scriptures. In the Doctrine and passion. We may expect in our students more idealism

Covenants it was revealed: and less cynicism, more wholesome courage and faith

"Whatever principle of intelligence we attain unto in in the future, and less pessimism and foreboding fear.

this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection. We may hope for increased tolerance of racial and

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence religious differences, increased respect for those of oppoin this life through his diligence and obedience than site political views or of lower social and economic levels, another, he will have so much the advantage in the increased awareness of basic and inviolable dignity of world to come."(D & C 130:1819.) the individual man or woman. We may contribute to

"It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance."the development of a more sensitive social conscience, a

(Ibid., 131:6.) greater sense of responsibility, for the less fortunate in

Southey tells us that on his walk one stormy day, he our society. We may even, perhaps, without knowing it,

met an old woman to whom, by way of greeting, he bring a boy or girl closer to God.

made the rather obvious remark that it was dreadful I am but repeating what we all know and feel when weather. She answered philosophically that, in her I say that our country's greatest asset is its manhood

opinion, "Any weather is better than none!"Likewise, and its womanhood. Upon that depends not only the

any education is undoubtedly better than none, but a survival of the individual freedom vouchsafed by the free people to remain free must ever strive for the highest Constitution and Bill of Rights, and all other ideals for and best. which the founders of the republic fought and died, but

also the survival of the best that in presentwe cherish to contribution of general the industrial education The civilization day world. the throughout The preservation

is of the greatness commercialand country obvious on of these must education. through come

every research laboratories, in increased prohand—in for education. The Church stands purpose The veryductivity of electrical, of farms, in achievements physical,

of is to its organization truth promulgate men. among

sciences,chemical, in for engineering either harnessing Members of the Church are admonished to acquire learnthe ing also by study, and by prayer, faith and seek and toof atomic benefit energy—butor destructionwhatof trueman educationthe boundlesshas forcedone after is everything that virtuous, lovely, report, of good

and may do to awaken in the human heart a sense of or praiseworthy. In this seeking after they are not conthe end existence of this earth, and aim what of human

fined limits of to narrow or creed, but are free dogma it raise toit has citizenship, of done the standard how of to launch into the the infinite. realm

has helped living happier to the contributing to make by is thing, But gaining applying it, knowledge one andprosperity, peace, security country, of our and are beyond is quite another. of right the application Wisdom

evaluation.

knowledge; education for which education—the

in required of all students Courses our public of schools the the application to Church knowledge andstands—istrue

include areas that directly the important of studyshould character. noble of a the development and Godlike

or indirectly provide the student with opportunities for A man may possess a profound knowledge of history spiritual growth and religious inspiration. From such and of mathematics; he may be an authority in psystudy it is reasonable to expect that our students will chology, biology, or astronomy; he may know all the

better understand how vital has been the role of religion discovered truths pertaining to geology and natural sciat critical moments in history; how important spiritual ence; but if he has not with this knowledge that nobility

insights in religious faith can be in the lives of men and (Concluded on following page)

MARCH 1957 141 The Editor's Page

(Concluded from preceding page) of soul which prompts him to deal justly with his fellow of students have been made to sense, by absorption and men, to practise virtue and holiness in personal life, he inference, that a man's character is greater than intelis not a truly educated man. lectual attainments or social privileges, that every decision

'is. a revelation of character, that habit is a pillar in the In my opinion the highest, noblest purpose in all our

education, from the grades to the university, is to teach edifice of character. The aims of education must at all

citizenship and noble character. I believe that thousands times be more spiritual than economic.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Divine Law of Witnesses

"In our stake missionary work we have shall be hid from the eyes of the world, that the eyes of met the following question: 'If the plates none shall behold it save it be that three witnesses shall

from which the Book of Mormon was translated were behold it, by the power of God, besides him to whom the returned and brought to light to he examined, would book shall be delivered; and they shall testify to the truth

it not he easier to convert the balance of the world to of the book and the things therein.

Mormonism?'""And there is none other which shall view it, save it

be a few according to the will of God, to bear testimony

Questions of this nature frequently of his word unto the children of men; for the Lord God

Answer: are asked. Many tourists who visit the hath said that the words of the faithful should speak as

temple grounds ask why the plates of the Book of if it were from the dead.

Mormon were returned to the angel, and they say, "Wherefore, the Lord God will proceed to bring forth "If they were placed in some museum or archive for the words of the book; and in the mouth of as many witthe deposit of rare manuscripts and could be examined nesses as seemeth him good will he establish his word;

by scholars, the testimony from such a source would and wo be unto him that rejecteth the word of God."2

convert the whole world."When they are informed that a Joseph Smith was forbidden to break the seals of the

large portion of the plates was sealed and the Lord would portion of the plates which contain the prophecies of not permit them to be translated at this time because the brother of Jared 1 because the hearts of the people were the world is not prepared to receive what is written, the not susceptible to the divine truth which the record conquestioner turns away with knowing wink or incredulous tained. Therefore this portion of the record was to resmile, feeling that he has struck a vital blow against the main sealed

truth of the story of the Book of Mormon. The simple "For the Lord said unto me: They shall not go forth

fact is, however, that the ways and thoughts of the Lord unto the Gentiles until the day that they shall repent are not the ways and thoughts of men. 1 of their iniquity, and become clean before the Lord.

It is made very clear in the Book of Mormon that it "And in that day that they shall exercise faith in me, comes to the world with sufficient witnesses. The recsaith the Lord, even as the brother of Jared did, that

ords on the plates are sacred; a large part of them have they may become sanctified in me, then will I maninot been revealed because even the members of the fest unto them the things which the brother of Jared

Church are not prepared to receive what is written. saw, even to the unfolding unto them all my revelations

of the of Father Christ, God, the the Son saith Jesus to reveal again, the plan of by his word the Lord isThen 1 are."that things in them of the earth, and all heavens and of witnesses. write chosen had Nephithe mouth He

regarding the publishing of the Book of Mormon that he, The Lord could not place in the hands of ungodly men the Lord, w7ould raise up three special witnesses, who a sacred record which contains information far in advance would behold the plates by the power of God. of the thinking of a critical and unbelieving world.

"Wherefore, at that day when the book shall be deMoreover, we are informed that the Book of Mormon as livered unto the man of whom I have spoken, the book 22 Nephi 27:1214.

3Ether 5.

Isaiah 55:8-9. Hbid., 4:6-7.

142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it has come to us, contains the "lesser part of the things to many of those who do not understand the way of the which he [Jesus] taught the people,"and Mormon wrote: Lord, it seems to be a very plausible and understand-

"... I have written them to the intent that they may able argument to say: "How easy it would be fr you

be brought again unto this people, from the Gentiles, to prove to the world the truth of the Book of Mormon according to the words which Jesus hath spoken. by submitting the plates for expert examination! If

"And when they shall have received this, which is they should find these plates to be genuine, their testiexpedient that they should have first, to try their faith, mony would help you to convince the world."

and if it shall so be that they shall believe these things This, however, is the argument of fools. What would

then shall the greater things be made manifest unto the result be if the plates had been placed in the hands them. of linguistic experts? They would have quarreled and

"And if it so be that they will not believe these things, contended among themselves. Then, how could the

then shall the greater things be withheld from them, unto Lord place in their hands records which are withheld their condemnation. from the world because of the hardness of their hearts

"Behold, I was about to write them, all which were and their unbelief? The things of the kingdom of God

engraven upon the plates of Nephi, but the Lord forbade which are so marvelous, as are these records which are it, saying: I will try the faith of my people. sealed, would not be understood and hence would not be

"Therefore, I, Mormon, do write the things which have believed. If only pure minds could understand them,

been commanded me of the Lord. And now I, Mormon, how could the impure eyes of the scholarly critics undermake an end of my sayings, and proceed to write the stand them? By such critics they would be condemned

things which have been commanded me."5 because they were written in a language that was "sealed"

The law given to Israel in the beginning was that in and which no man can read until the Lord gives to him the mouth of two or three witnesses all things should in his own due time the power to break the seal. If they

be established. The Jews called Jesus in question, basing were to be passed on by the scholars, they could not value

their accusation against him on this law: them, and even members of the Church would reject

"Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the them. Too many members of the Church today, to say

light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk nothing of those who are not members, fail to heed these

in darkness, but shall have the light of life. "lesser things"which have been given to try our faith. 8

"The Pharisees therefore said unto him, Thou bearest Why do not these critics who demand that the plates record of thyself; thy record is not true. of the Book of Mormon be brought forth for critical ex-

"Jesus answered and said unto them, Though I bear amination raise their voices in condemnation of our record of myself, yet my record is true: for I know whence Lord because after his resurrection he appeared only to

I came, and whither I go: but ye cannot tell whence his disciples and not to the world? The logic of their

I come, and whither I go. contention should be that Jesus after his resurrection

"Ye judge after the flesh; I judge no man. should have appeared, first, to Pilate, and he should

"And yet if I judge, my judgment is true: for I am not have said: "Here I am; examine the wounds in my hands

alone, but I and the Father that sent me. and feet and side. Did I not tell you that I was the Son

"It is also written in your law, that the testimony of of God and that I would rise again?"Why did he not

two men is true. go to the assembled Sanhedrin and there appear before

"I am one that bear witness of myself, and the the high priest and that august body and say to them:

Father that sent me beareth witness of me. "You scourged me, spat upon me, and delivered me to

"Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? be crucified because I told you I would live again. Now

Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye see that what I said is come true!"This he did not do!

to he appeared few humble fishermenhad known me, ye should have known my Father But his disciples—a

Galso."him. a few and believed on women who

Here the Savior calls attention to the divine law of This smirking remark implying that Joseph Smith did witnesses. On innumerable occasions had he demonnot have the plates because he did not display them to

strated that he is the Son of God and the Redeemer of the world and permit conceited scholars to examine the world. On many occasions his Father also bore them, does not come from the mouths of wise, intelligent

witness that he is the Only Begotten Son of God: once men. Yes! How easy it would be for the Lord to send

at the baptism of Jesus, again to the three apostles on forth his host of angels crying in heaven to all mankind, the Mount of Transfiguration, and once again in the calling on them to accept his gospel. How much sufferpresence of a group when the Lord prayed to his Father. 7 ing it would relieve! How many days and years of toil

Then also the Father testified for him at the time of his it would save his mortal advocates and messengers.

birth by a glorious opening of the heavens when angels If he would preach his gospel in this way whom would sang and a new star appeared. it save? Men are to walk by faith in humility, seeking

The Lord speaks through his appointed witnesses upon from the Lord the knowledge of the gospel which saves.

whom he has bestowed divine power, not by granting The Lord declares his word through his chosen witdocuments to be tested by unbelieving men. No doubt, nesses, and woe to those who fight his truth and put his

3 Nephi 26:8-12. work to open shame.

8:1219. eJohn

7Matt. 17:1-13; Mark 9:2-13; Luke 9:2836. 83 Nephi 26:7-12.

MARCH 1957 143 Clifford Earl Young was the ninth child in a family of twelve, born to Dr. Seymour Bicknell

and Ann Elizabeth Riter Young. The

date of his birth was December 7, 1883. The home where he was born

and reared, at 48 South Fourth East,

Salt Lake City, still stands, although the neighborhood has vastly changed in the years that have passed. The

home of Dr. Seymour Young was one

of education and refinement, but the children were also taught the value of work. Among Clifford's earliest

recollections are those of chore boy at the family home: working in the

garden, milking the cows, feeding and currying the horses, washing the buggies, and occasionally driving his father to visit patients in various parts of the city.

Clifford recalls with great interest that one of his father's distinguished patients was President Wilford Woodruff, who then resided at the old family home on Fifth East. He often

drove his father to the Woodruff home and thus formed a rather intimate acquaintance with the fourth president of the Church, whom he describes as "gentle, kind, considerate, and an emblem of purity."

Elder Clifford E. Young

"I appreciate my membership in this Church. 1 am thankful

for my parents who implanted in their children faith and confidence in this great work, and I humbly pray that I may not fail in this responsibility, that I may be able to measure up to every requirement and to every expectation that you and the brethren who preside have a right to expect."

—Clifford E. Young, April 6, 1941

General Conference

Clifford at about the age of five.

Dr. B. Seymour Young, Ann Elizabeth Riter Young, Clifford at the age of four. Clifford as he appeared

of father Clifford E. Young. of Clifford. mother in 1905. SHH144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

kindness, his fearlessness in the cause of truth and his love of God and all good people. After a long life of

usefulness he has passed away, to receive the reward of his well doing, leaving a name and example that Clifford E. Young will endure forever."(Deseret News,

July 16, 1881.)

secthe Bicknell Young, Seymour ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE born son of was ond Joseph Young, in Kirtland, Ohio, October 3, 1837.

by Preston Nibley His childhood was spent with his parCHURCH HISTORIAN'S OFFICE ents in Ohio, Missouri, and Illinois, as they followed the Latterday Saints

Through his father's prominence as Brigham Young. Both Joseph and in their wanderings. At Haun's Mill,

one of the General Authorities, ClifBrigham joined the Church in 1832, Missouri, his mother carried him ford had opportunities to meet other in New York State, and soon became through a rain of bullets to hide him leaders of the Church, such as Presiofficials in the organization. When from a savage mob. He remembered

dents Lorenzo Snow, Joseph F. Smith, the First Quorum of Seventy was orbeing lifted up in the arms of his

and George Q. Cannon. Early in life ganized in Kirtland in March 1835, mother at Nauvoo, in June 1844, to

he became acquainted with President Joseph Young was chosen by the obtain a view of the Prophet Joseph

Heber J. Grant, who was then a memProphet Joseph Smith as one of the Smith and his brother Hyrum as they

ber of the Council of the Twelve, seven presidents. He held this posileft their homes for the last time and

and who later became his fatherin- tion during the remainder of his life. journeyed to Carthage, and to their

law. At his death in Salt Lake City on martyrdom. At the age of thirteen he

Clifford came from a family, that July 16, 1881, at the age of eightydrove an ox team across the plains to had long sought truth and his ancesfour, the Deseret News said of him Utah. When he was nineteen, he was

tors had early cast their lot with the editorially: called on a mission to England. The

struggling restored Church. Like "Joseph Young has been closely journey across the plains eastward

Nephi, Elder Young could say, "havidentified with the leaders of the was made "by the handcart method."

ing been born of goodly parents, Church for nearly fifty years, and After his return to Salt Lake City he therefore I was taught somewhat in although a quiet and unassuming was married to Ann Elizabeth Riter, all the learning of my father;..."man, he was well known from one on April 14, 1867.

(1 Nephi 1:1.) end of the Territory to the other. He Looking towards a profession in

His grandfather, Joseph Young, was beloved by all who knew him, life, Seymour B. Young took up the

was an elder brother of President for his virtue, integrity, humility, and (Continued on following page)

Elder Young, right, as a missionary The Young family, December 28, 1937. Back row, Brother and Sister Young and

to Germany in 1907. His companion Clifford E., Jr. Front row, left to right, Miriam (Farnsworth), Edith (Harris), and Helen

is Charles T. S. Parsons. (Page).

MARCH 1957 145 Clifford. Young

(Continued from preceding page)

Clifford at the age study of medicine in the offices of of 12 (Christmas two prominent Salt Lake physicians, 1895) sleigh riding

Anderson and Benedict. In 1871 he behind a pet calf.

traveled eastward to New York City and matriculated at the University of

New York, receiving his degree in

March 1874.

While practicing medicine in Salt

Lake City, October 1882, he was called to the First Council of the

Seventy. In 1893 he became the senior president of that quorum and crown of everlasting life, a crown was unusual for the sex, she helped

served in this capacity until his death of glory; that he has, through his to plan the family budget and to

on December 15, 1924. works while in mortality, earned glory formulate the method of the family

At his funeral, held in the Assembly and exaltation and everlasting life activities. But a few weeks ago Dr.

Hall on December 19, President in the presence of his Father and God, Young told me this story and gave

Anthony W. Ivins paid him the foland the Redeemer of the world, I full credit to one to whom credit was

lowing tribute: have no doubt at all; and this after due.... A large and highly respected

"I knew him as a man of gentleness, all is the only achievement of man family of sons and daughters have of love, of kindness, of humility, and which counts for very much. He has inherited the sterling qualities of

of service. Wherever he was or whatlived beyond the allotted age of man; these noteworthy parents and are reever the circumstances might be, these his life of service has been extended flecting in their successful lives the

were his outstanding characteristics. as the lives of few men are."precept and example which emanated

And with this there went that other At the same service Dr. George from that family altar."

qualification so essential to real man- W. Middleton paid tribute to Ann Clifford's interest in gaining an

Elizabeth Riter Young, the wife of the education was stimulated by his parhood—when occasion required he was

a soldier with the courage of a deceased: ents and by his older brother, Levi

soldier. And so he always appealed to "By the side of my friend stood a Edgar, now senior president of the

me to be a man, if service to others noble woman, through the heat and First Council of the Seventy. The

justifies such expectation, to whom burden of the day. She was a reflex first school that Clifford attended was

the words of the Savior might aptly of all his Christian virtues and had in the old Twelfth Ward; later he

apply. His first devotion, his first added the savouring grace of rationalcompleted the grades at the Oquirrh

service and love were to God, whom ity. When he was a struggling medical School, which still stands on Fourth

he recognized as his Father; and after student, she stood valiantly by the East. In 1899 he registered at the

that Seymour B. Young loved his hearthstone, to defend their tender University of Utah, then located

neighbor, loved and served his fellow. offspring and to help furnish him the where West High School now stands.

That there is laid up for him a sinews of war. With a sagacity that The following year the university was

Brother and Sister Young with part of their family at their Assistants to the Council of the Twelve: Back row, left to right,

American Fork Canyon home, August 1947. Sterling W. Sill, Hugh B. Brown, John Longden; front row, left

to right, El Ray L. Christiansen, Alma Sonne, Clifford E. Young,

Thomas E. McKay.

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA moved to the east bench, and there by President Grant, and assigned to was married to Edith Grant, the

Clifford continued his studies, taking Nuremberg, in the Stuttgart District, talented and accomplished daughter general cultural courses until early by Serge F. Ballif, mission president. of President Heber J. Grant. The

in 1905, when he accepted a call for There was a large branch of the couple established a home in Ameri- a mission to Great Britain. He was Church at Nuremberg, and Elder can Fork. Edith was refined and

well qualified to preach the restored Young thoroughly enjoyed his labors. educated, kind and considerate, and

gospel, as he had always been active He soon acquired the language and an ideal companion for her husband.

in the priesthood, in Sunday School, felt at home among the people. It In the fall of 1913 the People's

and in YMMIA. In his father's housewas in Nuremberg that he became State Bank of American Fork was

hold he had been taught from his acquainted with Alexander Schreiner, established and Clifford E. Young beyouth the principles of truth and salthe present famed Tabernacle organcame cashier. He has been connected

vation. On July 6, 1905, he was ist, who was then a small boy with that institution as an employee

learning to play the organ. and an officer since that time. For

After laboring in Nuremberg one a number of years he has been presiyear, Elder Young was appointed dent of the bank.

president of the Hamburg District in During his years of residence in

Northern Germany. During the sumAmerican Fork, Clifford has been

Ann Elizabeth mer of 1907, President Charles W. active in the Church and the comYoung as a Penrose of the European Mission munity. He served in the Utah

girl. visited the Hamburg District and legislature as senator from Utah

Elder Young translated for him as County 19291934, and as city counhe spoke to the congregations. Elder cilman in American Fork for six years.

Young's work was so satisfactory that He served consecutively as scoutPresident Penrose requested him to master for American Fork Second accompany him through the mission Ward (during which time he organand to continue to translate for him. ized the second Scout troop in

In February 1908, Elder Young reUtah), stake superintendent of Sunceived an honorable release from his day Schools, member of YMMIA stake missionary labors and returned to his board, superintendent of the stake ordained to the office of seventy by his home. YMMIA, and finally as president of

father, and three days later was on During the summer of 1908 Clifford Alpine Stake, over which he presided his way. In Boston he got a taste obtained employment with the Confrom June 1928 to January 1942. He

of the critical attitude some people solidated Wagon and Machine Comthus had a long period of preparation had for the Church when he and his pany, at their home office in Salt Lake for the honor that came to him in companions were refused admission City. In the spring of 1911 he became April 1941, when he was selected as

to one hotel because they were Mormanager of the branch of the coman Assistant to the Council of the mons. Among his traveling company in American Fork. Twelve.

panions, although they were both On Tuesday, June 20, 1911, in the The life of Clifford E. Young has

bound for the Netherlands Mission, Salt Lake Temple, Clifford E. Young (Continued on page 185)

were the late President John H. Taylor of the First Council of the Seventy,

Elder Young with some of his grandchildren and Dr. Clawson Y. Cannon, for over

twentyfive years head of the animal husbandry department of Iowa State

College and now of the faculty of

Brigham Young University.

The voyage across the ocean was pleasant, and the ship Arabic, carrying the missionaries, docked in Liverpool harbor on July 28. With

characteristic friendliness, Heber J.

Grant, then president of the European

Mission, was at the wharf to greet them.

After stopping at 10 Holly Road, the European Mission headquarters, for a few days, Elder Young received an appointment to the Liverpool District. He began his labors in the

town of Blackburn, where there was a small branch of the Church. Ernest

Wright of Salt Lake City was his first companion. After a few months he

was transferred to Harwood, and then, in February 1906, he was transferred to the SwissGerman Mission

MARCH 1957 147 MIA YOUTH MNCE West German mission

by Adam S. Bennion

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Night scene of the Weisbaden Kurhaus, scene of the first youth conference for young Saints in Germany.

outstanding events in the history of the of the European SISTERS BROTHERS of the AND One MisYOUNG sions for 1956 Mission's was the Youth Conference West German Mission began West German held at Wiesbaden. early in January to save their

Several major achievements made the event altogether notable: money for the annual Mutual Im-

(1) the painstaking and thorough preparation made by President and

Association provement conference

Sister the mission office Dyer and of which member staff—each dewhich was to be held in Wiesbaden, special serves attendance commendation. remarkable of young (2) the

people from all over Western Germany, (3) their friendliness and Germany, July 28 to August 2, 1956.

cooperative attitude, (4) the thrill of a new and stimulating social Wiesbaden, which is a beautiful old experience, (5) the excellent music by young people of outstanding German city, has been worldfamous ability responding to the inspired leadership of Elder Newel Kay since the time of the Roman Empire

Brown, (6) the rich spiritual tone that pervaded the whole program. as a health resort center and is a

Now, in more detail, the following article reflects the remarkable lovely setting for such a conference.

achievements of this gathering.

With the arrival of the eagerly Adam S. Bennion

anticipated day, enthusiastic young people began coming to Wiesbaden from all points in the mission. The

walls of the Bleucher School in Wiesbaden started ringing once again with the sound of young voices, although the school was actually closed for summer vacation. Those young voices

Presito Right: Left were both German and American.

B. dent Kenneth Dyer of the West German This made no difference—everyone

Mission, Dr. Adam S. understood the language of fellowof the Council Bennion

discussship, understanding, and religious of the Twelve ing youth conference. equality which prevailed among that

group. Sleeping and eating accommodations were efficiently handled,

and nine months of plans and preparations began to materialize.

By Friday evening sixty German youths had already arrived, and they, together with 150 missionaries, enjoyed the first event of the conference, a "musical evening."This consisted

of talent numbers rendered by the young people themselves. Then ice

cream and cookies climaxed the delightful program.

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The "Polonaise,"first dance of the Gold and Green Ball at the Sister Hildegard Babie, missionary, translates for Dr. Adam S.

Wiesbaden Kurhaus. Bennion, of the Council of the Twelve.

Saturday was a busy day. Final attending this beautiful ball—for

arrangements were made to accommany their first formal dance—they

modate the four hundred young peowould have been repaid a thousand ple who had arrived by this time, and times for having given the dresses.

youth chorus rehearsals and a misAppreciation is expressed by the girls sionwide speech contest were held. themselves: "Our words will never

The setting for the first main be enough to thank you for your event of the conference—a Gold and generosity in asking for, gathering,

Green Ball—was an imposing edifice cleaning, and sending these gowns

known as the Kurhaus, which is loto us. We want you to know that

cated in the center of Wiesbaden's it was truly a wonderful occasion for formal gardens. In this building of which we will always remember with

crystal chandeliers and glistening great fondness in our hearts, you, marble hallways, Wiesbaden's finest our dear American brothers and concerts and lectures are presented sisters."

elder supervising of Brown, Newel Kay year.throughout the in this It was sight the to see a wonderful It was

Stuttgart District, the MisWest German building that thesame Tabernacle hall filled large 1,000 with Kurhaus sion, director of chorus. voice the 200 youth

Choir gave its concert when it toured members and friends of the Church

Europe in 1955. The management afford to buy one was given a lovely on Sunday, July 29. [Editor's Note:

of the Kurhaus had been so impressed formal in excellent condition to be Elder Adam S. Bennion's address, the

with the choir and its music that worn at the dance and then to be theme of which was, "I have placed they rented the building to the miskept afterwards in her own possesbefore thee an open door, which no sion for its MIA conference for onesion. one can close,"pleased the audience

third the normal cost. If the donors of these lovely gowns of Germans and Americans. Those in

By 7:30 Saturday evening, the elecould have been present that July attendance reported that it was stirgant hall was filled with happy, evening in Wiesbaden and seen the ring to hear Elder Bennion suddenly

formallydressed young people. To tears of happiness which shone in the throw in a sentence in perfect Germany of the young German sisters eyes of their German sisters who were (Concluded on page 174)

who had been saving every extra penny to pay for their transportation Curtain call for opera cast of "The Merciful Sultan:

to Wiesbaden, this semiformal dance could have presented serious problems had it not been for the goodness of people thousands of miles away.

Gleaner girls of the Salt Lake and

Ogden areas of Utah, and Idaho, and

Wyoming offered to donate lovely formals to the young girls in the West

German Mission so it would be possible for them to attend this Gold and Green Ball—the social highlight

of the year for the Church in Germany. Several weeks before the

dance, each German girl who didn't have a formal dress or who couldn't

MARCH 1957 149 The Emerson Ward Mural mill'-"

by Alary Kimball Johnson

if) he Emerson Ward mural "No, you tell him, Father, please, was not commissioned nor because of its being priesthood busiwas it a speculative business venture. ness, finances and all, and I'll talk to

There was, however, a commitment him later."

one so gradual in its coming that it I did not feel this request precould be said to have been made long sumptuous. I had my B. A. in art, my

before it was voiced. M. A. in mural and portrait painting,

The old Emerson Ward meetingand had received recognition, pubhouse, my meetinghouse, burned. licity, prizes, and purchasers for my

Along with other children I picked paintings. So I talked with Bishop

up bits of the greencolored glass Lynn R. Fairbanks, and it was underwindow and put them away in a stood that I would paint a mural for m

candy box because they were pretty. Emerson Ward and present it as a

Then the new chapel was built with gift.

nothing behind the pulpit and choir It seemed quite natural to me to seats but a blank space of wall with assume the financial burden since I different way. I had taken Mother

an arched area above it. had offered to undertake the assignwith me, for company, to Alta on

At Sunday dinner, following our ment. Free services to the Church one of my Saturday sketching trips,

first services in the new chapel, Father in no matter what capacity—were and on our return home we watched

commented to mother that it would taken for granted. I had no idea the valley panorama opening out to

look less plain when a mural was then how much time the painting us as we rounded each curve of the painted over the front panel of space. would require. road. It was autumn. The aspen

I was old enough to know what that Even after having dreamed of it leaves with the sun shining through meant, for paintings, small or large, for years, choosing my subject was them were of a color that would have had always interested me. Even at a problem. Enlisting the help of my embarrassed purest gold. They framed

the age of eight, drawing paper dolls husband, father, and mother, choos- a valley and distant mountains that for my admiring little friends before ing became a family group project. were lightly veiled with a golden

visited and inquired to learn afternoon haze. We commented onand after school, I knew I would We

its little farms andsomeday be an artist just as I knew what subjects had been used in other the scene with it would havewhen I taught them to draw their ward houses. I checked art books groves, and what joy

containing works of the great masters, given the pioneers could they havedolls, at ten cents a lesson, that I would also teach art. and bought books on American Inemerged from the canyon at that modian culture and art. There was such ment.

As Sunday followed Sunday—for a wealth of material to choose from Then a quotation came to Mother:years—I found occasional entertainso many New Testament and Book of "The earth is the Lord's and the fulment imagining what type of paintMormon stories, so much in the life ness thereof."I knew that here was

ing would occupy that space. Then of the Prophet Joseph Smith and in a subject I could paint with my whole morning,one from Father came home

it the of pioneers! the I heroism heart. emotions. knew with mypriesthood meeting and commented

it. I places, Research costumes, of loved on be would mural and Mythat to Bishop Fairbanks talked had

inevitable customs challengtimes, our country, was peoour our and and the men about raising money to have ing. It was not just a problem of ple.

an artist paint a mural in the front what would make a good picture, but The ward people could identify of our chapel. what would harmonize with the themselves with it and the people in

Momentarily stunned I gasped, chapel and congregation. it. So the rest of that autumn

"He can't do that! That's my space!"The chapel is simple and adequate sketches were made of aspen, fir trees,

It was then that I realized how but not luxurious. The people are and the valley, looking into the afterdeeply I wanted to be the artist who friendly, unassuming, and sensitive noon sun.

did that mural. Father smiled and to spiritual values. Percentagewise, Psalm 24 from which Mother had

asked, "Have you told anyone?"our ward has many children, and I so quoted almost described my painting

I said, "No."wanted them, especially, to love the for me. Here was a prayer of praise

"Well,"he replied, "you'd better mural. and thanksgiving. There would be

speak to the bishop and make your After all of our study and analysis, people, a little family, in the attitude offer before he gets someone in mind."the subject came to us in an entirely of prayer.

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

'The earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof."(Psalm 24:1.) -Photo by Leland Van Wagoner

Emerson Ward Mural by Mary Kimball Johnson

"The earth is the Lord's, and the hoped. Miss Ware and I visited the The large canvas was marked off

fulness thereof; the world and all chapel. I measured and sketched the in the same number of squares as the

that dwell therein. location of the pulpit, choir seats, preliminary sketch, and corresponding

"For he hath founded it upon the piano, organ, and organgrill, in reareas drawn with charcoal. With a

seas, and established it upon the lation to the mural space, for maklittle color and much turpentine it floods. ing a scaled drawing. was then briefed in. This coat was

"Who shall ascend into the hill of We had a new bishop by then, Van later to be covered with two or three the Lord? or who shall stand in his L. Hixon, who has consistently shown coats of opaque paint, not too thick.

holy place? enthusiasm for the project. He Summer school ended, and it was

"He that hath clean hands, and a climbed a high ladder and measured necessary to find a room where the pure heart; who hath not lifted up the arch where the scriptural quotapainting could be stored and worked

his soul unto vanity, nor sworn detion would go. I made samples of on when opportunity afforded—Satceitfully. nearperfect colormatchings of woodurdays and vacations. Fortunately,

"He shall receive the blessing from work and walls. Then a pencil for me, there was one in the Constithe Lord, and righteousness from the sketch of the mural design was tution Building on Main Street. It

God of his salvation."painted in water color on paper scaled was necessary to buy flourescent

The first phrase would be in the in proportion to the space. I prelights that would imitate daylight so

arch above the picture. sented it for class criticism. It was that I could mix colors accurately.

We took our new bishop, Harold approved, and I blocked it off in The late Brother Robert Bartlett, an

Bradley, up the canyon to show him squares for enlargement. When I electrician in the ward, installed the

the view that was my inspiration, and did a large painting for my master's lights for me. There was little room,

to get his approval on the subject. degree in 1937, we used a projector the facilities were barely adequate,

This he gave. to enlarge my small sketch on the but the door locked and the rent was

Spring brought the University of five by eight foot canvas. This time low.

Utah summer school catalog to my we had no such convenience. This was seven years ago. Since

mailbox, and a reminder that it was Brothers John De Young and Clyde then, as the mural grew, many water time to earn another six hours of Fidler, contractor and carpenter in color sketches were made which I "progress credit,"toward retaining my our ward, built a stretcher and fasused as information for parts of the state teaching certification. The tened my canvas to it in the univermural—of landscapes, animals, vegecatalog listed a class in mural paintsity classroom. The main panel was tables, fruits, shrubs, trees, and

ing under Florence Ware a friend to be eight feet high and nineteen leaves. And there were sketches of

who had let me help her on the feet four inches wide. It had to be models—all gracious and willing to

Kingsbury Hall murals a few years pulled tightly to the exact size and in pose—and never the same one twice

before. I felt fortunate, realizing that an upright position for better viewing. for fear of making a portrait. I

her direction and criticism would not The lower edge was elevated a foot wanted the figures to be identifiable only be valuable for this mural but for working convenience, and I with the audience at large. For this

also for my teaching of mural classes. bought a small stepladder to help me reason, also, I did not greatly idealThe course was helpful as I had reach the top. (Concluded on page 193)

MARCH 1957 151 4. USE YOUR CAR FOR y

CHURCH SERVICE Do you drive a car? And had you

thought of all the ways that you can use it for others? There are so many

also can( shutinsfor outsidewhopleasureshave nosimplyopportunitiesbecauseYou SJhRVJh they have no one to take them. And

there are elderly people who would love to attend Church but who are unable to walk.

by Pansy McCarty V 5. TAKE UP A HOBBY

MayknittingI suggestaside,thatyouyouwomenlay yourwho therewho wouldare manyjumpin yourat theneighborhoodchance to hobby.Satisfy Perhapsthat secretyou neverlongingtookforthea

think you're old and left out of belong. Instead of doing individual time from family duties to do anythings, and adopt the beautiful words work, make clothes for orphan chilthing for yourself. Now is the time.

of Victor Hugo, "Winter is in my dren or the needy of your community; Find others who might join you in

head, but eternal spring is in my dress dolls for children's wards at your hobby pursuit and organize a heart,"as your motto. Then open hospitals; roll bandages for medical hobby club. Whether it is playing

your eyes and ears wide to your many, supplies; or assist the Red Cross, the the piano or painting a picture, you

many opportunities. Find an answer American Cancer Society, or some will actually be doing something

for your loneliness problem, perhaps other welfare organization in projects that's fun. You probably won't be a

right next door, down the street, or that can be done in group meetings. Grandma Moses, but you will gain

Certainly someblock. nextin the v/ 3. CARE FOR CHILDREN aimportant.lot of satisfaction, which is more or community in your townwhere

in sitting baby answers if you nopay are satisfactorythere Do your V 6. DO MORE LETTER if small to care for them. you love home to hunt forare willing WRITING You don't have to be bored. If you children. Don't make a business of

still have reasonably good health, it, but offer occasionally to keep nearRemember all the friends and relayour children are all married and by babies while their mothers buy tives that you haven't heard from for gone, your house seems to stay clean groceries or run errands, or offer to so long? Now is the time to start

with little effort, and you keep askcare for some small tot while his writing those letters that time never ing yourself: "What shall I do now?"mother attends P-TA. She can enjoy permitted. Send snapshots of your

lift up your her activities more, knowing that her children or grandchildren and ask for—The time has come to

eyes and think of others. Not that child is safe. You will find that few some in return. Start keeping a famyou haven't, through all those years mothers will take unnecessary adily log or diary to be handed down to

of effort and sacrifice in raising your vantage of your generosity. (Continued on page 184)

family, but suddenly you are finding yourself without a job. So, again I

say, "Look up! There are those who

still need you."Why not find consolation through action from some of

the following suggestions?

y/ 1. DO CHURCH WORK

How long has it been since you really took part in activities of the

Church? Many are needed to quilt,

to repair clothing for relief of needy families, to take food to the sick or to the mourning at the time of a death, to sit as a relief aid in the hospital, and to visit as a part of the regular visiting program of the

Church. These are just a few of the

things that an eagerto-serve woman can find to do. Ask your ward leaders for suggestions, if necessary.

V 2. FORM A ROUNDROBIN

SEWING CIRCLE A sewing circle can be more than a social club. It can offer opportuni- L

ties to use your hands for others. And These articles were made by Relief Society members for a bazaar.

152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '. ''.:. ".:::.:.:

When she came home on vacations it was a most enjoyable occasion for all of us.

She knew many new and more wonderful stories to tell.

Sister Anna My by Bess Foster Smith

of the pattern I trace dollars twentyfive month, a knew how to make it a thrilling adgot my childventure. throughWhenlife back she had she saved, and which my when

hood, I appreciate more and School seemed to be made to ordertaught two years she had enough to more my sister Anna. She was the for Anna, yet she was not the "knowgo to the State Normal.

middle one of seven and the three of itall"type. What she learned she When she came home on vacations,

us who came after owe much of the loved, and she wanted to share with it was a most enjoyable occasion for shaping of our lives to her. Not that us as much of it as our lesser minds all of us. She knew many new and

she ever took care of us or mothered could assimilate. During our mile more wonderful stories to tell. We

us, in the usual sense of the word. walk from school, she entertained us were completely imbued with the

Not at all! As I remember it, she with stories in which she bore down thrill and romance of higher learnusually worked us. But she always emphatically on the reward of the ing.

paid up generously, and so we liked good and the punishment of the evil. We would all go out on starlit

being worked. "Once there was a good little girl evenings, and she could point out the

Her stock in trade was a story, a and 3. bad little girl,"was one of our constellation of Orion striding across

game, a pan of popcorn, a bonfire favorite beginnings. She could put the sky with his dog and belt. She

with roasted potatoes or something more actual scare into "Fe, Fi, Fo, told us the story of the seven sisters equally tempting, and though she Fum! I smell the blood of an Englishin the Pleiades and the Big Bear and

drove a hard bargain, we always had mun,"than any storyteller I ever demonstrated the way the entire uni- a good time. When there were poheard, and there was more pathos in verse is spinning around and around

tatoes to dig, we scrambled to find the "Here stand I, poor Old Man Rinkthe Polar Star, until our heads were mamma potato, the big papa potato, Rank!"than our tender hearts could fairly spinning, too.

and all the little ones. (It took a hold. Then in the old orchard we would

pretty good Nebraska hill to produce At seventeen she wore a long dress, gather laps full of flowers, and sitting much of a family!) If it was a trip did her hair up, and taught a country in the cool shade, we would pick

to the cellar, it was approached with school. There were fortyfive chilsome of them apart while she ex-

a secret pass like entering Ali Baba's dren of all sizes and ages, and some plained the processes of pollination cave. Whatever the job was, she of them did not speak English. She (Continued on page 182)

MARCH 1957 153 the bend of the river as sweet and We soon gained level ground and cooling as before. I determined never saw the elders shaking hands with

to forget those faces. those who entered the temple. I

I still wanted to caper back and tipped back my head to get a last forth in front of Mother, now to one glance at the golden angel, really a side, now to the other, but my feet large weather vane, but I could see became heavy as if shod with iron. only the end of his trumpet, still

Suddenly I thought of my brother's proclaiming a gladness.

description of the "Whislin'and Then I took a closer look at the two

Whittlin'Boys."These were our round windows above the front door.

youthful relatives, neighbors, and Like portholes of a ship or great holfriends who had organized as a low eyes peering out of the stoneAFRAID?

vigilante group and been in active edifice, they attracted the eye. I

service these recent weeks. In my planned right then to climb up and

look out of one of those circles. Yes,

I would do it the very next time I came to sweep the floors after the brethren quit work in the evening.

My cleaning duties would go on until this glorious building was finished.

by I. H. Kingsbury We held public meetings in the temple even though it was not quite completed. Father thought it would take

another year to complete the window trims and the interior woodwork. I

thought to myself that I would do

The Scene: Nauvoo, Illinois, on the my little climbing stunt tomorrow

bend of the Great Mississippi in the just before dusk as the light departed year 1845. from the hill. Then sounds of evening would tell of a city in the

was sure the day was perfect becrescent bend of the silvery river.

I causetemplethespireangelseemedon theto topquiverof theas Perhapsthose windowsI couldas standif in anup ovalin oneframe.of

if in full flight as he rested on the From that lookout I could see all of slender pole that bore him. In fact,—C. R. Savage our city, whose name meant "beautiwhen I put my hand in front of my Nauvoo Temple ful"—-Nauvoo. A recent move had

face and covered the part of the buildbeen to rename it "Joseph"to honing that read "Holiness to the Lord"or the Prophet Joseph Smith. Howand moved it upward to obscure the ears echoed a whistled air and the ever, some of the young ones had

manysided tower and dome, that splintering sound of small knives on recently, and secretly, shortened the angel, with his golden trumpet, wood. The remembrance of the cirname from "Nauvoo, the Beautiful,"

seemed to float in the cloudless sky. cle of boys around these very two men as the elders said it in sermons, to

But beneath this breathtaking viof the hilltop as the boys wielded "beauty,"for that, indeed, is what it sion, lower and lower to the ground their pocket knives flashed across my was. Her setting was pretty as a

... a man skulked. He looked fureyes. I wondered how the two had picture, Mother had said one day.

tively for a companion. From beescaped such determined watchfulThe river, in a semicircle, girdling

hind a tree sidled another figure. ness. the town like a silver sash, was glisThey crouched together. I could not Big brother Tom, barely a teentening, beckoning. It made an adhear their words, but they were very ager, had been in that ring of lads venturer of each boy who stood on

angry. Their hands jerked menacand had reported that the two men its banks. The hill, its gentle slopes

ingly, and their feet hastened them fled the town and the whistling boys; fenced and planted, had houses on

out of sight over the brow of the in fact, that they jumped on a raft it. The sky was blue, clear, inviting

hill. and were last seen being carried by fancy.

Until that moment I was so happy the swift Mississippi current toward Hurriedly, now, we entered the all over that I skipped in circles about the sea. As we neared our place of great doors of the "house."At least

Mother as she sedately walked up the worship, I trembled to guess their Mother always called it that, keeping hill, neither hastening nor slacking business on top of the hill. in mind the ancient phrase, "house

her pace because of the dust, rocks, Another rod or so and our way of the Lord."Officially it was "The

or wagon ruts. But when she saw converged with that of neighbors and Nauvoo Temple,"always said in full

those two men, she almost hissed my relatives, all our brothers and sisters to distinguish it from an earlier saname, not really moving her lips. in the gospel. None guessed from cred place in Ohio.

"Sam,"she said, "look at them well!"Mother's genial smile that only a The solid silence within the walls

And that was all. Suddenly I moment earlier she had talked to me fell as an opaque curtain behind us;

couldn't even swallow. And the sky as if I were grown instead of just the world was no more its noisy self,

wasn't as blue nor the breeze from past twelve. but one of peace, joy, and safety.

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This unusual privilege of holding genIf the river had suddenly turned its worship, if Mother could sit and pray?

eral public worship in the still unstrength upon our fields and carried The sight of her there, unmoved, so finished temple had only recently them away, if lightning had burned fortified me that I firmly walked back been granted us, and we were deeply our home to a cinder, if Mother had to her side and sat down. I hoped a

grateful. left us never to return—we could not ruffian would see me not retreating

I crowded close to Mother, resolvhave experienced terror or helpless and believe me as brave as Mother.

ing this time not to sit in a far corner horror more. The back of my neck Just for added strength and comfort,

away from her as at the last meeting. became cold with fright, and my cry as if I could gain them by osmosis,

People and their great enveloping for my father to help us was unheard I pressed my arm against hers. Then

skirts and capes had smothered me in the din of panic that followed. I realized the power of her rocklike

out of her handclasp, and only after As the doors burst open and bearing in the face of danger. I was

the meeting could we meet below shrieking mobsters rushed the conconvinced Mother was not afraid of the steps outside. gregation, a surge of terrified people man or devil!

If we pushed more sharply to the in flight swept toward the far corners, Scarcely a few minutes elapsed beleft, perhaps we could sit where the windows, and staircases. Parents fore the temple was cleared of both

Father would glance at us from the clutched children; strong men formed pursued and pursuing—except that

table near the pulpit where he took a wall of defense as the assembly of there sat Mother, and there sat I.

the minutes of the service. Yes, there worshipers fled for their lives. Then she arose, took me by the hand,

he was glancing anxiously at his All the sounds of the human voice and we left the "house."

quills, ink stand, and sand shaker, could be heard, except singing: cries, The deathlike hush that remained

and counting his papers as if doubtyells, sobs, groans of pain—and over was as submerging as though the

ing he had brought enough. How I it all the curses of persecutors who Mississippi had flooded the building.

hoped he would search the audience knew not the meaning of a sacred Once outside, the worshipers gathfor us, but this time as always he was service. Men and women stampeded ered in a meadow nearby and were

too preoccupied with his duties. Bepast us, closely followed by the mobcalled to order by the presiding ausides, Mother reminded me, it wouldsters. Among the last of those wicked thority. Apparently nothing could

n't be just the thing for an authority people I saw the two plotters urging force a closing of one of our meetings.

to be overly cordial in church. on their henchmen. The lawless mobsters departed the

And so we settled ourselves. Mother I reached for Mother's hand, hopscene of their destruction and rushed

took off her right glove, it being iming to escape with her or to die with down one side of the hill. Upon

proper to take the Sacrament with a her. Where was she! Not fleeing in reaching the curve of the river they

covered hand. From her black satin terror, not trampling others under halted, milled about, and scattered as

drawstring bag she took a leatherback foot, not shrieking for my father to driftage before a wave of the sea.

hymnbook with words only. She save us, not crying hoarsely for help Mother and I drew near our loved

placed it on her lap, ready at a signal from any source at all! I stood still. ones in the meadow and sat on the

from the chorister to join in a song There was Mother! She sat where I grass together, still gripping hands. A

of praise to the Lord. had so suddenly left her: head bowed, backward glance at the deserted

I am not certain how much of the hands tightly grasped around her building called to my mind my resolve prayer, song, exhortation, or Sacrahymnbook, eyes closed, a prayer issuto look out its round windows; but

ment had gone forward before a ing from her heart—not a trace of somehow I didn't want to do so now

sound, recognizable only to the fear on her serene countenance. or ever—with that mob nearby.

hunted, crashed our tranquil spirits. I have never before nor since seen I noticed Mother still held her

Someone whispered, "The mob!"An a human being so unwilling to run hymnbook. She tucked it in her silk

usher shook a finger of silence, anfor her life, so utterly selfpossessed, bag, ready for the next day of worother held up a hand for attention, so sure she was in the right, and so ship. Mother put her hand under my

as the noise of advancing horses and determined to pursue that right even chin, and I looked into her eyes as carts, angry yells, howls of the mob, in the face of death. she tilted up my face. She smiled.

occasional gunshots, came thundering Why was I running before the ugly I felt I would not be afraid of through the doors and windows. villains, these crazed destroyers of anything the rest of my life.

Nauvoo from across the river. From a sketch by Fredrick Piercy.

* -.WAV.- MARCH 1957 155 at Ourselves Parents: A Look

by Dr. Antone K. Romney

PROFESSOR OF EDUCATIONAL ADMINISTRATION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY,

AND PRESIDENT OF BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY STAKE

II udging from the conduct and Let us consider first a few parental Another attitude is the cynical one | conversation of many adolescents, attitudes which may be preventing—taken by parents who are satisfied

it is easy to assume that they are optimum service to our children. to let things take their course beinterested mostly in food, dates, Some parents take the pessimistic cause they feel that no individual

dances, sports, and in avoiding work attitude: Youth problems are bound parent is in a position to carry

and responsibility. Actually this is to occur and eventually may get the through with a constructive program.

not true. As parents we learn that best of our youth. These parents They therefore do not attempt to

they have real interest in the more assume an attitude of helplessness, fight ills which confront them with serious things of life. They are likely defeatism, an attitude that evil is inconstructive plans.

to feel deeply about religion, politics, evitable. They forget that had our An insincere, optimistic attitude

and social reform. They surprise us pioneer forefathers taken a similar atmay be equally harmful. Some parwith their insight and wisdom. They titude, they would have dropped by ents feel that youth problems are

often show great spiritual qualities, the wayside and their descendants overemphasized, that the best way to and their desire for knowledge about would still be seeking happiness handle them is to ignore them, that themselves and others is almost limitthrough an easier route. As it is, youth will somehow muddle through.

less. we are reaping the benefits of an They convince themselves that eventAn adolescent may outrun his optimistic, courageous viewpoint. ually, without too much assistance

father, but he still has the urge to from parents, children will turn out throw a rock at the neighbor's cat. all right. These parents forget the

In some ways he resembles a child tremendous responsibility assigned and in other ways an adult. He is them in the revelations of God. Their

in that "growing up"period in which insincerity or unwarranted optimism rapid changes are occuring emotionwill not free them from their duty.

ally, physically, socially, and spiritThere are also those parents with ually. For the first dozen years of the burdened attitude, those who feel

his life he has depended upon adults that they are pressed beyond their to provide for him and guide him in ability to accomplish the tasks conevery way. Now he feels new growth nected with parenthood. They feel

and desires. He wants to be an that the job is too big for them and

adult, to be independent, to make his they approach the rearing of chilown decisions. He has difficulty dren with great feelings of apprehenmaking proper relationships with sion.

adults. He becomes confused and And again there are parents who

sometimes rebellious. He may sudfeel that they are always too busy

denly—without sufficient training in for this or that demand which might

of the adolescent.responsibility—want to make his own add to the happiness

home, and at once! Instead of managing their affairs,

Wise parents will understand. their affairs manage them. Yet we

They will attempt to realize the exknow that often it is the busiest peotent and force of the problems of this ple, who nevertheless master their period, to help in every way possible. environment, who are our most sucPerhaps the first way would be cessful parents.

through self -analysis. Do we as parThese attitudes, and some others,

ents have attitudes, obsessions, and mcyer Press Photo service are obviously contrary to gospel "years of experience"which hinder Close motherdaughter relationship teachings and may not be as common instead of help us make good homes? builds confidence and trust. among Latterday Saints as sociolo156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

gists seem to feel they are among ment, and experience. The average from his son. Forgetting his own

parents in general. Compare these ages of parents of adolescentage youthful desires for freedom and inpoor attitudes with what sociologists children are 37 to 57 years, and chardependence, for example, he may

term the intelligent optimistic attiacteristics of these ages are naturally (particularly in areas where he has tude. Note its harmony with Church unlike those of the 12 to 20 years. suffered disillusionment) press his

teachings. Physically there are differences. A son toward an undesired vocation.

Parents with this attitude consider father at fifty, for example, may not Wise parents will not try to reguit a privilege and opportunity to have run as fast, hear as well, or be as late and mold their children's lives in a family, and they are willing and alert as his teenage son. He cannot terms of the desires of middle age.

anxious to take the time to carry the endure as much physical exertion and They will not expect the teenager to load which this requires. They aphis body recuperates from injury less react to anger, love, or fear as they

proach their teenage children with rapidly. Mentally, he is not as quick would. They cannot expect teenjoyous courage and with the convicas his teenager. age fears about health, age, money,

tion that service to and association The parent does have more wisor other concerns, to equal theirs.

with these children are the greatest dom. His accomplishments are greater. Teenagers are moved more deeply

opportunities of life. They truly give He has perhaps fulfilled a mission. by the immediate urges.

of themselves. They are courageous, He has chosen his mate. He has Parental attitudes and obsessions

faithful fathers and mothers to whom selected an occupation and made his may be harmful or helpful. Parents'

young men and women will turn for start financially. He has perhaps col- "years of experience"may have made

information, guidance, love, security, lected around him most of the matethem warm and understanding—or

and hope in the future. These parrial and spiritual resources which he rigid. But it is well to remember that

ents are radiant with enthusiasm for will accumulate. the adolescent years are unpredictrighteous living. They are happily He is less radical concerning poliable and trying, that teenage emoliving the gospel as it should be lived. tics, personal opinions in general, and tional, social, physical, and spiritual

LDS parents with this attitude is usually more tolerant than his teenneeds and characteristics are such know that they are responsible for age son. He has considerably more that parents need all of the faith,

their actions and that they will reap poise and confidence and has deknowledge, and inspiration they can rewards in proportion to their good veloped a religious insight which is muster if they are to give the love, actions. They want to be responsible satisfying. Along with his maturity understanding, and guidance without

for their children, and inasmuch as have come disillusionments, unfulwhich the complexities of the adolesthey are responsible, they desire to be filled hopes and ambitions. cent years are likely to make their

as intelligent about it as possible. In numerous ways, he is different children unhappy and insecure.

There are, in addition to faulty parental attitudes, other parentre- Build a home where friends feel free to gather For study and for fun.

lated factors which may weaken the—Monkmeyer Press Photo service

home's effectiveness during the "storm and stress"teen years. Consider for example the overemphasis

on one phase of life to the neglect of others. Some homes are materialistic

to the point of disregarding the higher values of life. Some homes stress

outside activity and thus spread energies in too many directions. In

other homes, one of the gospel principles is stressed to the exclusion of all others. Some homes are unbalanced by the overstress on a political

philosophy, and everyone has visited in a home where cleanliness was an obsession so insisted upon that other areas of home life were neglected.

And finally, in the area of parental attitudes and obsessions, there are the differences between parents and their children inherent in age, intellect, physical condition, accomplishMARCH 1957 tirely so,"interposed a genial old man, Elihu. "He has some very upright men on his side whose support

we must win if we are to succeed TO BE A Nicodemus, for example."

by Hugh J. Cannon "And Zebulon?"The question

A FORMER EDITOR OF THE ERA aroused opposition on the part of most of those present. KING "Zebulon is absolutely pledged to

PART II the tetrarch,"Elihu replied, "and I am not sure he would add to our strength if we could win his support.

He is powerful to be sure, but unscrupulous, and he hates David bitterly. Do you know Herod has

reality divergent in made up of strangely to which Jerusalem home earliest possible at the king, that elements. his and contradictoryTheDavid promised, in the event he becomes was and retinue came shall Annas'have Zebulon moment

a palatial one, more beautiful and Not many hours after his return position, and that much of the former scarcely less pretentious than that of to Jerusalem, David was visited by power of that office is to be restored?"

Tiberius at Rome. The loving defer- a number of his staunch friends and "What? Make that dissolute wretch

supporters. received were solence them with which Among David was

priest?"high A chorus of voices were

scholars; diers, statesmen, of servants host and indicated a andby the

raised in protest.

heartfelt affection which cannot be the young man felt at ease with them purchased with money. The house all, for he was himself a thoroughly "That promise has been given. Of

had been beautified by gold, silver, trained soldier, had prepared himself that I have positive knowledge,"and precious gems. Skilled decorators to be a member of the great Sanhedrin Elihu said. "Judah would indeed

had exhausted their ingenuity in an as soon as years and marriage enhave cause to mourn should such a effort to make it and its surroundings titled him to such a place, and was a calamity befall us, and we can do perfect. In the gardens, too, the hand scholar of more than ordinary note. our race no greater service than to

of an artist as well as a craftsman These callers were impatient to thwart such unrighteous plans. Zebwas visible. learn the results of his visit to Rome; ulon is corrupt, but he has, neverThe young man was conscious of and the report of what had 'occurred theless, a large following, and Herod

an abnormal obsession to be satisfied there was given and received with can well afford to make flattering with nothing less than the best which enthusiasm. promises in return for the prestige

could be obtained. "One thing Tiberius advised,"which these elements will bring. Notrebuff received the withstanding he "is said, to David most repugnant my his association with While heathen in to tetrarch the is determined Rome, feelings, he offended and because wasnations the not from had weaned him is the spurred succeed on by and of to reluctance his accept sugmy

itfaith fathers, his of given had him unprincipled ambitious Heroand insists gestion. I cultivate that Hetastes to race; his not and common dias, wiles to seductive has he whose his friends, of and Herod conceding delight in sports,the took he comfallen victim."easy an I course that the cannot former, win hisbined with physique, rugged had

encouraged him to become highly but with the thought that some of the "Is he putting forth any direct proficient along lines requiring great latter may join our movement. But efforts to win my friends?"David

I abhor asked.bodily strength and endurance. In you, my friends, know how

addition, no possible opportunity of the expedient, and I can hardly bring Several were eager to answer, but gaining knowledge had been denied myself to fulfil my promise to the Elihu was first to be heard. "To

him, and his studies, aided by an inemperor."show the lengths to which Herod is

nate love of virtue inherited from his Tiberius'view met with vigorous prepared to go, I have but to report parents and solicitously cultivated by approval from all. Haran expressed that he sent for me to seduce me

those worthy people, had kept him the general feeling. away from you, David, with promise

unpolluted despite the vice which "It is the wise thing to do. To be of position and honors. Seduce me!

flourished on all sides and to which sure you will never have Herod's When I have loved you always as his associates so flagrantly abandoned good will, but he may be less dangermy own son! I learned that he is

themselves. ous as a professed friend than as an making handsome offers of reward to

is so others, and we must fight him with During the long hours of traveling, avowed enemy. He himself

after leaving Rome with hope so high, fickle that he has few sincere folhis own weapons, not the venal ones he had endeavored to analyze his lowers. Those who remain faithful he uses, to be sure, but with the

own character. Lebanah's words had to him do so because they think such thing you hate, David, expediency.

made a deep impression. If his misallegiance offers some personal adHe professes to have the kindliest

sion was to bring redemption to an vantage."feelings for you personally, and no

oppressed people, he must be worthy "That is largely true but not enword indicated that he views you as of the call. Outwardly his character

was unusually stable; and yet he

recognized the fact that it was in 158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a rival. We must cultivate him and face of the Mediterranean and on the lake, and desolate hills united in makhis friends."eastern slope of the mountains of ing the picture impressively colorful.

This meeting lasted far into the Judea was the city of Jericho. In So interested in the scene was the

night. Before its conclusion, it was early history of the promised land it young man that the banquet was aldecided that all present should mainwas known as the fragrant city, "a most forgotten. When the lengthentain as pleasant relations with Herod pleasant place"to live. To the east ing shadows finally reminded him of

as possible. After much persuasion, and southeast the ground declined his duty, he commanded his servants

David agreed to accept an invitation gradually to the Jordan and the Salt to follow, and urging his swift and to attend a celebration which the Sea. willing camel to its greatest speed, he

tetrarch was giving in Jericho in On this particular evening Jericho was soon at the gaily decorated honor of his own birthday. was at its best. A soft rain had fallen palace.

Frequent reports reached David during the day, and nature was One might easily have imagined that Herod had spared neither exradiant. The final rays of the setting from the interest awakened by

pense nor pains to make the celebrasun beautified the dark blue saline David's arrival that the Roman tion an event which should surpass sea and adjacent hills and plains with emperor himself had honored the in splendor all similar occasions. It their semitropical foliage. Above the feast with his presence. No host

was to be held in the palace at the city towered the somber mountain, could have welcomed a guest more

Garden of Palms in Jericho, renowned later known as Mount Temptation. ceremoniously, nor could any hostess

than graciously charming be more as the most beautiful spot in Palesin the landthe poorest spots Even Herodias. the ill -famed was

tine. in color rich scape were wondrously Indeed, one observant more than

As the young nobleman, en route and in history. Here prophets had guest suggested to David that this

with his servants to attend this communed with the Almighty and affair was specially planned to regathering, came to the brow of the had boldly declared his message. habilitate Herod and Herodias among

hill from which the first glimpse of Mount Nebo of the Pisgah district, the influential men and women of the "sea of the plain"and the Jordan the highest peak of the mountains of the land; for despite their arrogance

valley was to be had, he ordered his Moab on the extreme east of the and usual disregard of the proprieties, company to a halt and gazed envalley, stood as a watchful sentinel they realized that a feeling was deraptured at the scene spread out beover the promised land. The River veloping against them which, if not

fore him. Jordan, a purple ribbon in the mellow effectively checked, would result in

Seven hundred feet below the surevening light, verdant gardens, silvery (Continued on page 202)

A striking view of Nazareth in Galilee, the town where Mary and Joseph lived and from where they journeyed south to Bethlehem. Nazareth was the home of Jesus, and here he received his religious training, both at home and in the synagogue. The hill on

which Nazareth stands is honeycombed with tombs and ancient caves.—Religious News Service Photo

-MMwMm&M-

**#jNaMMy

MARCH 1957 They rolled their trouser legs up and waded into the lake. When they were hungry,

Mike built a fire and they roasted hot dogs....

in TownThe Richest Girl

by Mary E. Knoivles

practise. to "I to Ebbensville as he, believe voice a bit. blurred didn't gone

as a years for thirty to serious goingWhenBradenMikehomeGregoryon PiercereachedAvenue,the worked about had you were MereHe cars were arriving and people in dith Braden's party."country doctor and died broke.

evening clothes were getting out, "Why shouldn't I go?"All at once Make up your mind what you

calling back and forth to each other he was angry because the look in Jo's wanted from life and then go after it.

in easy comraderie. eyes made him feel guilty, although Right now Meredith Braden was what

As Mike walked up the flagstone she wasn't his girl. He had been he wanted. He had told Jo easily,

path, he felt friendless and conspicucareful not to have a girl. "Don't worry, I'll get along."

ous. It was all exactly as Jo HutchinShe had said gently, "You won't

son had warned him it would be. know anyone but Meredith, and that "VTow here he was ready to ring the

He had seen her in the lower hall ritzy crowd will highhat you."* "doorbell. Guests swarmed around

at Walter Dirk Hospital as he came For a moment he had been tempted him, and he had that feeling of being out of his room. She was hurrying not to go, to wait around until Jo alone in a crowd. It wasn't too late

toward the elevator, a hot water bottle got off duty instead. They could go to back out. And then he rememin her hand, but she had stopped to The Hut down the street and listen bered last January when Meredith

when she saw him and had come to the jukebox. Braden had been brought into

back, and just stood there staring, and And then he remembered that he Emergency.

suddenly the rented tuxedo felt too had decided to play life smart. Dad She had broken her ankle skiing

tight, and he had blurted out, "Do I had graduated from medical school and the crowd she had been with look that bad?"at the top of his class, too. He'd had brought her down from the mounShe shook her head. "You look a brilliant future as a surgeon. Intains. They had come surging in,

wonderful, Mike."And then her stead he had married a girl as poor their gay ski togs looked strangely out

160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of place in the whitewalled hallway. She had tossed her hair out of her But the feeling of shock passed. Why

Meredith was shouting, "Be careful, eyes and smiled at him, and there not plan your marriage as sensibly as you clumsies!"as two boys carried was a coltish awkwardness about her you planned your career?

her in. that was charming. Now in the mirror he saw Meredith

One of them said, "You've been Now he rang the doorbell, and then appear in the archway. She was

crabbing at us all the way down. We he was in the large hallway with its wearing a dress of some gossamer yelshould drop you right here!"scenic paper, its highly polished floor, low material that made her look all

Suddenly Meredith had taken her part of a crowd, and then quite sudgolden and radiant.

arm from around their necks, pushed denly alone again. He had been a She came toward him with that

them away, and then stood on one fool to come. And then he saw himawkward grace and held out her

foot, holding a chair for support. self in the large mirror on the wall hands. "Oh, you did come!"She

"I'll manage myself!"and remembered what Dr. Van Clifsounded happy, and all at once he

A girl in a kellygreen outfit said ton had said that day over a year ago liked her. Maybe her bad disposition

angrily, "It's your own fault you got when they were scrubbing up before that night had been due to pain.

hurt! We warned you not to enter an operation. "What do you plan Maybe she wasn't as bad as Brent

the slalom race. But you had to to do after you finish your internhad said she was.

show off!"ship, Dr. Gregory?"She hooked her arm in his. "Come

Meredith tossed her head and her "Open an office of my own here see my gifts, and I want you to meet shoulderlength hair was like dull in the city, sir."He had thought, I Dad."

gold against the scarlet of her jacket. won't go back to Ebbensville, that's He remembered the gift in his

Mike and Dr. Brent Shaw had taken for sure! pocket. A bracelet with little silver

her in for X-rays then. "Sorry, we'll "That takes money."horseshoes and fourleaf clovers for

have to cut your trouser leg.""More than I've got."Frustration charms. Maybe he should give it to

"So what!"she'd said crossly. had welled up in Mike's throat, chokher now. But he hesitated, and a

"Slash it to ribbons. I've always deing him. Working your way through few minutes later he was glad he

tested this suit."school was hard enough, but it still had as he looked down on the table

He had warned her when he set would cost a small fortune to get laden with gifts. He counted four

the ankle. "This is going to hurt."started. bracelets resplendent with platinum

"I can take it!"She had sounded Then Dr. Clifton had said quite and diamonds and emeralds. He

cocky, but he had admired her courbluntly, "Play it smart, Dr. Gregory. whistled, "Not bad, not bad!"

age. She had clenched her teeth, but You are handsome enough to take She picked up one of the bracelets,

she hadn't cried out. your pick of girls. Don't get inlooked at it, and then tossed it back.

After it was all over, and she'd been volved with any of them until you "Oh, it's just junk."

sent home in an ambulance, he and finish your internship, and then If she considered those bracelets

Brent had gone outside for a breath marry the richest girl in town."His junk, what would she think of the

of air. "That,"Brent had told him, right eyebrow had lifted in that incharm bracelet? A bracelet with

"was Carl Braden's kid. She's the triguing way his society patients horseshoes and fourleaf clovers was

richest girl in town and a spoiled found charming. "That's what I more Jo's speed.

brat."did.""Dad is over here, Mike."

Mike hadn't replied. He supposed For a moment Mike had been Somehow Mike had pictured Carl

all that Brent said was true, that she Braden differently. A captain of

was a spoiled brat; but he remembered finance, a distinguished "man of dis-

a moment when he was alone with tinction."Instead he was a tall,

Meredith, and he had looked up to square, ruddyfaced man, and despite see her crying soundlessly, tears slidthe impeccable tailoring of his evening ing down her cheeks. "I wasn't just clothes, he looked out of place among

showing off, Dr. Gregory. I honestly his guests. "Dad, this is Dr. Gregory."

thought I had good enough control Carl Braden did not hold out his hand. Gray eyes glared at Miketo enter the races. Now—will I ever

walk again?"from beneath shaggy eyebrows. "So

"Why, of course,"he had told her. you're Dr. Gregory."

"You'll be dancing in a month or "Yes, sir."

two.""I don't like doctors!"

"Will you dance with me?""Dad!"Meredith laughed, but she

"You bet."looked angry, too.

"That's a promise? You're not "You all think you are so smart.kidding?"Her mouth twisted into a Why, when Meredith was born—

smile that was wistful. he stopped suddenly and put his arm

"You bet it's a promise."affectionately about Meredith. "What

She hadn't forgotten. A week ago do you think of my girl?"

she had brought him an engraved in- "She's all right,"Mike said."

vitation. "My twentyfirst birthday "Let's dance, Dr. Gregory."Mereparty,"she'd said. "There's going shocked. You were supposed to marry dith took hold of his arm and they

to be dancing. Remember your prombecause you were so much in love walked out onto the cement terrace

ise?"you couldn't live without the girl. (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1957 161 The Richest Girl In Town (Continued from preceding page)—wait."She was standing in the couldn't. He said, "Let's forget the

where there was an orchestra. Mereshadows. "Don't go in yet."whole thing, Jo!"

dith went easily into his arms, and he They sat on the steps. "Did you "You'll see Meredith again, won't

smelled the fragrance of her hair. It have a good time?"she asked. you?"Jo asked.

reminded him of the roses that grew "Not exactly. Her father hates "Of course I'll see her again. Somewild over fences in Ebbensville. doctors and told me so. Meredith day I'm going to marry her."

"You mustn't take offense at what acted like a rude brat."The next morning he thought, It'sDad said,"she told him. "He has "Don't feel too bad, Mike."She your move, dope. You're supposed

death.never over gotten mother's my

to in for of gesture a a ask toward date. moved Meredith him And

I a in wild town, born was and boom comfort. tell? take where her, you pray would

I died. think blamesmother Dad You're broke, as and the matter with "What's me? payday—such forhimself her not go back making

it away. a week at jokes, the laugh same we speak is—is Weto city."the

the same language."Two days passed, and he thought

in a could imagine Braden Mike "Nothing is wrong with you,"he of pawning the bracelet, but he didn't. oil jacket in leatherwild and town,

khaki pants, bossing a crew of men. said miserably. The bracelet was for Meredith. The

letter next a got he day from Uncle except that "Nothing I come from that the danced, they As Mike saw still in Ebbensville. Fred were They of part the wrong town and my father stringslarge lighted garden with was a doctor without nearest the and isn't dollars, million hasn't a that lights aof table there long was and fifty hospital miles was away. They it?"voice. in a she hurt asked a center. fivetiered in the cakewith were praying could he back come

The food was set out buffet style and Mike took a deep breath. There there to practise.

to tell he wanted was much Jo. Hehe no dinner. had remembered he had the letter. read through Mike He

tell his to father her that wanted into them. Someone Merebumped wasn't going back there! He could

dith said, "Oh, hello, Roger."could have been as wealthy as Dr. telephone Meredith, talk to her so

Clifton. Instead he doctored people

she forget existed. wouldn't he That again, birthday Meredith.""Happy

river. the the Midgleys by down cost wouldn't money. he But when boy's smile tall blonde was very likeThe

all kids, of tribe a whole had They told of surgery out Miss camestiff. Adams

girls, year deevery and had Dad for him, you, Doctor.""Telephone Dixon,"Meredith "That's Roger livered a baby. always They new

It are Meredith. you, was "How still at betold "He's Mike. me mad off in that eggs paid weren't him Mike?"at I jilted practically thecause him full fresh, of baskets in whole and

It's to "Wonderful. hear good your still to he'll -church. be nice But me parsnips.

voice."because his father owes my father for year ago been had Mike home A call didn't you me?"She "Whymoney."

days. leave hadn't heard two Dad He as crying. if she sounded been had

All at once Mike had had enough. because there was a thunderstorm. "We've been rushed here. I only

But I don't owe your father anything, But when he got up next morning, have one day a week off."

he thought. The music started again, he found the note, "Gone to Midg- "Are you free tomorrow night?"

to him. turnedand Meredith for He leys."to look Mike had gone him "No, but I could trade nights with

said, go now. but I must "I'm sorry, a mile from home, and found him someone."

I'm on duty at seven in the morning."his car bogged down in mud. He had "Then let's go somewhere together,

Her face flushed. "Thanks for tried to push the car out and had a Mike. I know you were disgusted

coming, Dr. Gregory."He thought heart attack. with me at my party—

he saw hurt in her blue eyes, but he Mike had picked him up out of the "Oh no, I wasn't. I—"

didn't care. He went out the side mud, put him in the car. "You "The way I talked about Roger

gate. Carl Braden was standing shouldn't have gone, Dad!"Dixon! Let me see you again. We

there. "You leaving so soon?"he His throat tightened now, rememcould drive out to The Pines for dinasked. bering the way Dad had smiled at ner, and—

"Yes, sir."him. "I got there in time, Mike.""Whoa!"Mike laughed. "You're "Got your car?""And did she pay you off with a talking to a poor intern who—

"I don't own a car."bushel of parsnips!""Oh, I'd give you money for every-

"Want my man to drive you "No. She gave me the most radiant thing."

home?"smile. A boy, Mike, after nine girls."Mike waged a silent battle with

It was a temptation. He was boneDad said something else, too, but his pride. Then he thought, What

tired. But he didn't want to be under Mike was trying to forget it. He difference does it make? She has

obligation to Carl Braden for even said, "You'll come back here to pracplenty of money. "All right,"he said.

a ride. "No, thank you, sir."He tise, won't you, Son?""I'll be ready at seven."

walked away, wondering if he had Mike hadn't promised because he As they drove away from the hospiseen admiration in the big man's didn't see how his father could ask tal the next evening, Mike saw Jo eyes, or if it had been a trick of the such a thing. He'd said, "We'll talk standing on the steps, a hurt expreslights. about that later."But the next minsion on her face. The Pines was

He went up the side steps of the ute Dad was dead. crowded and Mike was disturbed to

hospital, and as he put his hand on Now he wanted to tell Jo all that see Carl Braden at a table with four the doorknob, he heard Jo call, "Mike so she would understand. But he (Continued on page 180)

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We Walk By Faith by Orson F. Whitney

MEMBER OF THE (April 9, 1906 COUNCILMay 16,OF 1931)THE TWELVE

Christ in praying seen me, thou hast thouBecause

Garden of Gethhast believed: blessed are they thesemane.

that have not seen, and yet have believed."(John 20:29.) So said the

Savior to Thomas, one of the chosen

Twelve.

Why is it more blessed to believe without seeing? Is it not because,

through the exercise of faith in the midst of human vicissitudes, we acquire our spiritual development? And

are we not here for that purpose?

Is it not a fundamental condition of our mortal existence? In the previous

life, we "walked by sight;"but in.

this life, we are required to walk—Painting by by faith—a more Wenzel Schwarz

difficult thing to Photo by Camera Clix do. For keeping

our "first estate,"we were "added not be until we have subdued the subject to these mortal conditions, upon,"were givbody and brought it under control. and the soul shall inherit eternal life,

Orson F. Whitney en these bodies, We are hampered and held down by a fulness of joy. Such are the hopes

with opportunithis weight of clay, and when death and promises held out by the gospel.

ties for development; and for keepcomes it is a glad release. None of our dear departed ones

ing this, our "second estate,"we shall But we are not going to die. We are dead. They have but gone beare deathless beings. lived We glory ourhave heads added upon before. socalled This death, when

fore into this world, we came and isforever the Lord's This and ever. is properly understood, simply a gopromise to us. we shall live after we go out of it. ing back home. There is a universal

is not worthy the If he should pour out upon us, What we call death law requiring all things to return prematurely, the fulness of knowlname. There is no death for the whence they came and where they

edge, it would put a stop to our righteous. Christ died to destroy belong. It is the law of restitution,

spiritual development, for knowledge death. The change called death is spoken of by the holy prophets since

swallows up faith and removes the but a temporary separation of the the world began. This sublime lesopportunity for its exercise. Therespirit from the body; and while the son is taught not only in the scripto goes back mother in his body Father,fore, our Heavenly the tures, but in nature. book of The

spirit to returns God who gave speaks certainwisdom, only through earth,it—itthe raindrops, strike the they the moment

ones, his oracles, his special witnesses, enters Paradise, the place of departed ground, begin. to trickle back to the

and occasionally reveals himself to spirits, there to await the resurrection. ocean, or evaporate to the clouds

will spirit the day come whenthem. that they They fell. have Yes, know from they which the from Up

will to reunite, and body be no moreseen heard him; and the great but of the mighty bosom over deep and

mass of mankind are expected to bethe broad land are carried the waters lieve their testimony, and this because that are showered upon the earth to it is best for them. Some day it green fruitmake flowery and and the Improvement

ofknowledge cover the ful; God will those and fulwaters have when

earth, and all men shall know him, ERA filled their mission, they are gathered from the least unto the greatest. We back to their ocean reservoir. Not a

shall know what we knew before, and drop of dew is lost. Matter is eternal;

add to it all we have learned since. spirit is eternal; intelligence or the

We do not begin to know in the body light of truth is eternal; and our

what we know out of the body. We spirits that come from God, the moare not as good and noble in the ment they are born into this world,

body as we are in the spirit and canbegin traveling back to eternity *From The Improvement Era, Vol. 19, p. 608f. (Continued on page 201)

MARCH 1957 163 "t:.&

Petersen Neeley

WOMAN

OF COURAGE

by Marba C. Josephson

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

Glen and Deta Neeley at the farm in Tremonton, 1945.

CanI'myousuredrivewe cana littlecatchfaster,that Glen?little whichBut thattheywasn'tcouldthetransporthalf of it;thewhencolt. theyWhenhad totheybuyreacheda fresh cowTremonton,so that

fellow if you can only make the they finally started for their ranch, the colt would have milk to drink.

car speed up a little."It was Deta they had to stop along the way to get But their labors were not fruitless

Petersen Neeley 's voice that urged milk to feed the colt and to let him because he grew into a beautiful sadher husband to race over the trackout of the crate; after all, he was dle horse which they prized all the

less barren desert lands about thirty cramped in it and needed the exermore because they had found him miles west of Sugarville, Millard cise. Deta could never let anything themselves.

County, Utah. This was a region suffer.

where wild horses abounded, and The experience of teaching in nothing would do but that Deta have * Sugarville followed the marriage one—and Glen wholeheartedly fell in the Logan Temple of Deta Petersen

in with the plan. After all, it would and Nathan Glen Neeley on Novembe a wonderful asset on their summer ber 30, 1921. The marriage culminranch in rural Tremonton, Utah. ated a courtship that began when

Of course, keeping the colt posed both young people attended Brigham a problem because it would be some Young College in Logan, Utah.

time before school was out; they Deta was the youngest of a family

would have to find someone to tend of eight, the daughter of Mary and him until summer vacation. HowChrest Petersen. At the time of her

ever, nothing would do but for them birth, three boys and a girl had died, to catch the colt—and so they did! two of them within a few hours of

They cut him from the band of wild each other, from the dread disease horses and brought him back to diphtheria. Chrest and Mary were

Sugarville crowded into the luggage delighted with the new baby; hope

compartment. sprang again in their hearts—they

A neighbor was prevailed upon to were young; there would be other

take over the feeding of the coltchildren. But within four months

along with his cow. A carpenter was Deta Petersen Neeley, Doctor of Educaof Deta's birth, her father lay

inveigled later to rig up a crate in tion, University of California, 1937. tragically dead! Deta's mother rented

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the new farm to which she and her.:.::.::':I:'*: i ':'.":':":":":'::.:;:: '..: ':|:':'in this country but abroad as well."

husband had so recently moved and This is a promise to which not only returned with the remaining children Deta's mother but the entire family to their former home in Bear River clung and which brought peace.

fulCity. Here death struck again—anThrough her books Deta has

other son, Frank, died from diphfilled this promise—75,000 to 80,000

theria, also. of which have been sold to date.

When Deta was twelve years old, The operation spelled the end to her mother moved to Logan in order Deta's plans for a dancing career.

that Dave, and later Deta, could atSince the family was small, only two tend Brigham Young College. An daughters and one son and the mother

older sister, Lucinda, had married and remaining, they became a closely knit set up her own home with Orson family. Glen was rapidly integrated

Jensen. into the family after his marriage to

At Brigham Young College Deta Deta.

found an entirely new world of deWhen she taught in Sugarville, light open before her. Her activities Deta had fiftyseven students and

were many and varied. She sang taught four grades. She received

beautifully and participated in operas, $120 a month for her work. Her

sang solos, sang in duets, quartets, talents soon came to the attention double quartets, and in. the choir. The Petersens, left to right: David, Deta, of the board of education of Millard

She became a star performer in school Mother Mary, and Lucinda. County. When at the age of twentydramatics also. Moreover, she was a four, Deta became the first supertalented dancer and found such great she hurried down the hospital corrivisor for the Primary grades in that

joy in it that she decided she would dor, she saw a stately man coming county, she had already proved her make dancing her life career. Durtoward her. worth against difficulties.

ing the summer vacations she went "Oh, doctor,"cried Mary, "come Deta was always interested in every her continued Californiato and training. There she had an quickly; my daughter needs you."child,the prettiest.not only Shethe wishedmost precociousevery childordancing

offer of a dancing career that seemed Mary stopped abruptly. She saw to approximate the rich experiences

most inviting. Life was challenging that it was one of the General Authorin his schooldays that she had enand promising to Deta Petersen. ities of the Church of Jesus Christ of joyed. This desire prompted her

adSaints she Latterday had whom in each operetta to which write an It College at Young Brigham was to she began Hurriedly dressed. play. to a role area child in the had ofthat Neeley she Glen Nathan met kindly, said "Take apologize, he but

it in herself order to write She had fell in love with Idaho, and me to her."for parto her demands meet own stellar her. His with heFranklin,him—-and

performances in athletics, particularly When they reached Deta's room, he ticipation. In it she used 450 chilin basketball, made him a hero in pleaded for her life. As he finished dren. The opera carried the stirring

the school. Things were moving praying, he said to Mary, "Your title of King Grizzly Beard.

will be daughter create such an she in April could thenalong smoothly—and of come a teacher lies operetta the at wellchildren—notagain and onlybeoperetta?How the their third Behind year 1917 during

school, the United States declared the poignant story of Deta Neeley 's war against Germany. The young own ambitions. Since she had been

men lived in anxiety from day to day, forced to give up her own dreams of wondering whether they would be a professional career as actor and allowed to finish their schooling bedancer, she would use her talents in fore they would be called to active helping others realize the joy that duty. came from participation in the culGlen Neeley left for the service on tural activities for which she had

November 7, 1917, to spend fifteen trained.

months in France. He returned to While Deta was in Deseret Stake,

Logan in July 1919. she also served on the Sunday School

Deta meanwhile continued in stake board; an office she later held

school until she earned her normal in Bear River Stake. Moreover, she

diploma. During the fall of her became supervisor of the Religion

second year of teaching she underClass in Deseret Stake.

went a serious operation at the LDS Her phenomenal success in her

Hospital in Salt Lake City. teaching career won those who, at

One evening during Deta's illness, first, felt her too young to succeed so her mother suddenly felt a numbing rapidly. Her teaching included work

fear. Deta was dying! The mother in Porterville, Bear River City, and

had already watched five of her chilRichmond, in addition to Sugarville.

dren pass away. She could not let She also was Elementary Supervisor

this daughter go. She ran blindly Brigham Young College Opera, 1917. for four years in the Millard School

from the room to find a doctor. As Deta Petersen and George Preston. (Continued on page 176)

MARCH 1957 165 staggered blindly to nothing, wholly concerned with struggles of the present, inStrengthening the Tie curiousin the Unitedof pastStatesor future.they wouldHad neverthey livedhave

put a spade into the Inca or Mayan ruins.

Why has the Western civilization, born

... that Binds aboutof past600andyearsfuture?-ago, Wegivendousnotthisknow.acute sense

antiquarians—becauseIn a real sense, Hooverthey andare TrumanWesterners.are

by TV. Glenn Harmon Becausea thousandof thisyearsurgehencein them,will knowcivilizedmoremenof

FORMERLY PRESIDENT BERKELEY STAKE the how, why, and where of the civilization.

That is, provided the civilization and its records endure. They can, of course, perish,

as so many have. (The italics are mine.)

THE COMPLETION of the Swiss With this in mind, permit me to the Los Angeles temples and quote Mr. Brier: That which Mr. Brier is pleased to

construction of the British refer to as "this unique and acuteW5 and the New Zealand temples going Herbert Hoover's acceptance of an invitasense of the past and future,"is virtution to of of the sponsors be one a Truman its ally identical in genealogy with of forward, attention the both Church

Library in next Francisco dinner San month it is broad sense as defined it; I have members and has -members many non offers good a of the difference example becentered upon temples and temple tween civilization and social action. at least so closely related thereto as

work. to be hardly distinguishable. Why

Temple work at once brings to the interest in the past if not primarily mind the subject of genealogy. And Except as good Americans and as the only to learn about what has happened to

else should of course when one thinks of geneliving men who formerly held the highest the human family? Why

office, into digging concerned be with Mr. Mr. Truwe Hoover and it is alogy, in usually of one's American terms

superficially in have nothing comman the of ruins ancient Egypt, Babytree, is of for family that primaryown... political are inveterate mon. They lonia, or ancient even America? Even importance. immediate and as subjects of antagonists. the But Western

civilization, which transcends all social the study of the rocks and streams

But genealogy has a broad aspect philosophy and is indispensable to the lives and the flora and fauna of the world as well as an intimate one; the family of a third of mankind, these two men have we live in centers primarily on their

tree is the connecting link between an intense common interest. relationship to and effect upon human

interest This has done far more to make the individual and the great human life itself. as to of the future, And

it is civilization technological than what family in its entirety. It is to it interest could what be to any of It that ourdrive. past. regard for the is a profound

broad, allinclusive aspect of geneThe former Presidents establish historical alogy, the great human family in its libraries. These libraries undertake to preentirety, past, present, and future, serve what can be known of two plunging LDS Church property on hill overlooking

that I would here direct the reader's historical periods. Hoover's related largely Oakland, California. Photo by the author.

attention. It is well, occasionally, lateto thewar oldperiod.war Theseperiod, twoTruman'swars aretogreatthe

to get far enough away from the incrises in the Western civilization struggle dividual family tree to see the great for fulfilment.

forest of which it is but a part. // our civilization is to live and advance,

it must know about itself, why and how it

In the October 19, 1955, edition of has had being.

the San Francisco Chronicle the disMen have built several civilizations—pertinguished columnist Royce Brier enhaps fifteen have survived infancy—but all

titled his daily column, "Hoover, exceptingdead, and thethe WesternChinese andmay thebe Chinesedying. Theare

Truman, and the Record."The Western is the only civilization with a percoupling together of two such disvading curiosity about the past, hence about

tinguished but divergent individuals the future* is a sure way to attract reader interest, To Egyptians and Hindus the past was a but one will wonder just what the religious genesis, and the future was in article might have to do with geneheaven. Egyptian preoccupation with imalogy. To the thoughtful student, mortalitybother withleftthem.records,TobuttheEgyptiansGreeks thedid pastnot

however, there is much in it pertainwas Homeric mythology, and they had no ing to the broad aspects to which I concept, either of their own future, or of a have reference, even though genewhole mankind and its future. Herodotus,

alogy is not specifically mentioned themainshistorian,of a greatvisitingcivilizationEgypt wherewere clearcutthe reand may indeed have been far from after a thousand years, contented himself the author's mind. And the very with trivial fables. His only archaeological::: W:. *, -

act was to measure the Pyramids.

fact that a noted columnist has per-... We know more of the Greek and

ceived how close together (in one Egyptian civilizations than did the Romans, field at least) two such normally their immediate heirs. We know more of

the Mediterranean cultures than did the antagonistic personalities as Mr. learned who lived in them. The Romans

Hoover and Mr. Truman are, in one

field at least, has to me tremendous the*Thisimportantbroad factclaimformightour presentbe questionedpurpose, Byhowever,some;

significance. spendingis that theuntoldWesterntime andcivilizationtreasure hasin thisspentfield.and is

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA us to attempt to peer beyond the strong and virile. It is worthy of After all, the present is such an inspan of our own immediate lives, to note that the Chinese civilization, finitely small fraction of total existspend untold time and treasure in which has continued to persist while ence!

trying to discover and to perfect all the others except the Western Although Mr. Brier does not prothings we cannot hope personally to civilization have gone into oblivion, fess to know whether this "profound

enjoy, to conquer diseases we ourhas until now placed high value upon regard for the past"will save our selves will always be subject to family ties and family life, even going Western civilization from its present save to make the path smoother for to the extreme of ancestor worship. perilous position, I seem to read beour posterity? It might well be asked, has this tween his lines a feeling of hope that

Note that Mr. Brier says he does emphasis on and filial respect for the it will—if anything will. And cernot know why the Western civilizafamily had something to do with the tainly there is logic to support such

tion, six hundred years old, has given survival of Chinese culture, while a hope—for by study of past history

us this "pervading curiosity about the other great civilizations have risen it might be possible to learn how to past, hence about the future."And and fallen? I am so bold as to sugavoid the mistakes of the past while

though he points out it had its begest that it has. we gain from its achievements.

ginning around six hundred years We would not have to search very This brings me back again to the ago, he no doubt would be equally at hard in the field of the social sciences unanswered question propounded by a loss to explain why more progress to find an abundance of evidence to Mr. Brier why this insatiable curihas been made in this field in the support the proposition that the famosity in the Western civilization which

past 125 years than in all preceding ily unit is basic and plays a fundawas so utterly lacking in its predetime. mental part in the development and cessors?

Another interesting question sugpreservation of civilization. Why, if Latterday Saints have the answer

gests itself: Why did the other ancient this be true, should our thinking of to that question: It is all according

civilizations mentioned by him decay the family unit be limited to the to divine plan, foretold by prophecy, and fall? No doubt there were many familyin-being, meaning those and for the salvation of the human family.

contributing factors. One, however, only those who are alive at any given The Lord knew that mankind would

was common among them all, along moment? Why should we not think get so engrossed in its own lusts and

with their disinterest in things past of the family as a continuous chain passions as to become completely and future pointed out by Mr. Brier: linking together into one united estranged from the great plan of salthe decay of family life and concurwhole the long ages of the past, the vation and would stray completely

rent spread of laxness in morals; for very fleeting present, and the imaway from him, utterly forgetful of

example, it is not without significance measurable future? Such a view will the past, completely regardless of the

that in Rome, so long as the family go a long way toward helping us to future, and intent only on immediate hearth was a sacred place and diunderstand the why of this great urge selfgratification. That in a word was

vorce was unknown, the nation was to look into the past and the future. (Continued on page 206)

MARCH 1957 167 MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRISTIX

Early Days Of

.<VtKJ;>i- |ht Lord's Ministry

<-y- by Doyle L. Green m

MANAGING EDITOR

After staying briefly in Capernaum temple, and it was still not completed. of the moneychangers. Temple ofby the Sea of Galilee, Jesus and Following the plan of earlier temples ferings were acceptable only if they

his disciples made their way south erected on the same spot, the building were paid in the sacred temple coin to Jerusalem to attend the Feast of was divided into a succession of the money of the gentiles was conthe Passover.* Whether or not Jesus "courts"which were set aside for sidered as being defiled. Coins from

had observed the Passover week in specific functions. The first and most Egypt, from Rome, or from the East

the Holy City since the time he was spacious of these courts was known had to be changed into temple money.

a boy, we do not know, but we can as the Court of the Gentiles, or the The moneychangers, clever at well imagine that the road was Court of the Heathens. It was so their business, not only would charge

crowded with memories. When he named because anyone might enter the legal fee for their services, but

was twelve, accompanied by his it. But the gentiles could go no also would add to their profits

father and mother on the journey, further. The Court of the Women by overcharging, shortchanging, and

every new sight was exciting to him. was accessible to all Jews in good otherwise cheating the pilgrims.

Then he was anxious to visit his standing, while the Court of the Imagine all of this taking place in

Father's house to be taught of learned Israelites was reserved for faithful the confines of the Holy Temple!

men. Now he was the teacher almen. Only the priests could enter When Jesus looked upon these reready recognized by many as the the sacred inner areas. volting scenes and saw the confusion,

Messiah, and eager for the opporThe Court of the Gentiles was more the filth, the selling, the haggling, tunity to spread the gospel message like a bazaar than a temple, containand the cheating that was defiling among the Passover crowds. ing stalls for oxen and sheep and his Father's house, righteous indignaThe Passover was the greatest occages for doves and pigeons. These tion grew within him. Lashing a

casion of the year for the children the temple goers would purchase for whip which he had made from small of Judah, and they came from far the priests to offer on the sacrificial cords, he set loose the animals and and near to celebrate it in the Holy fires. The vendors, anxious to sell drove men and beasts before him

City. Some writers say that the their animals at a good price, prothrough the court and out of the gates

population of Jerusalem must have claimed in loud voices the merits of into the streets of the city. The

been swollen by from one million to their products. tables of the moneychangers he overtwo and onehalf million visitors durIn this court also were the tables turned; their coins he scattered over

ing this season. Camping in the the floor. Of the dove sellers he devacant fields and on the surrounding manded, "Take these things hence;

hills, the pilgrims would visit the make not my Father's house an house temple as often as they could, particiof merchandise."

pate in the many festivities and What a commotion! One can picordinances, and pay their offerings to ture the moneychangers scrambling

the temple treasury. for their coins as they spilled over

From daylight.until dark the temthe floor, snatching up what they

ple teemed with masses of people. could get and then running for

Some reports, indicate that the great safety; the keepers of the animals

and beautiful building, which would scampering after their beasts to prehave covered two large city blocks as vent them from getting lost in the we know them, would accommodate crowds.

as many as two hundred and ten The astonished temple visitors must thousand persons at one time. Fortyhave pressed against the walls and

six years earlier Herod the Great had around the pillars, safely out of the started the work of rebuilding the way of the running animals and the

Drawings by Major Benton Fletcher, from lashing whip, but straining to see

Lionel Cast's Jerusalem: A Historical Sketch, what manner of man this was. And

Ltd., London.published by A. & C. Black, the priests, hearing the din, must

*Scriptural references in this article are from John XSwOfTfc/Wfr: have pushed their way through the 4. 3,

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA him, and he sought out Jesus to declare his belief and to be further instructed. A man of importance and

standing in his community, he seemingly wanted to keep his actions secret for fear of what his friends and associates might say; in any event, his

visit was made at night.

Approaching Jesus he said: "Rabbi,

we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these

miracles that thou doest, except God be with him."

It would appear from the account that the conversation may not be reported in full, but if it is, Jesus wasted no time in getting to the point, for

John reports him as answering, "Verily, verily I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."

Born again? Nicodemus did not

understand. "How can a man be

born when he is old?"he asked. "Can

he enter a second time into his mother's womb, and be born?"

Jesus answered, "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of the water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of

God."Then he explained, "That

which is born of the flesh is flesh:

and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit."

—Painting by Carl Block Nicodemus may have looked surprised for Jesus continued: "Marvel

Jesus Cleansing the Temple. not that I said unto thee, Ye must be

born again."We hear the wind

blow, he explained, yet we cannot crowds to locate the cause of the exbuilding in which they were standing. see it. Perhaps he was telling this

citement. Such an occurrence had Such a statement was an insult! learned man that not everything can

never before been witnessed in the "Forty and six years was this tembe understood in the light of earthly long history of the temple, yet no one ple in building,"they mocked, "and knowledge, that some things have to dared attempt to stop the Man of wilt thou rear it up in three days?"be accepted on faith. For the first

Galilee. Whether or not Jesus made a reply time in recorded scripture, Jesus was

After it was all over, and undoubtwe know not, but evidently no preaching what he demonstrated edly in the presence of an enormous charges were pressed against him. when he was baptized of John in the

crowd that gathered around, the temThe cleansing of the temple spread Jordan River.

ple priests asked Jesus by what authe fame of the Savior widely over Jesus then predicted his crucifixion thority he had done these things. the land, and undoubtedly within a and briefly reviewed the plan of salHis clothes alone showed that he was few days every Jew in Palestine had vation with the words:

not a priest or a Pharisee or a memheard the story. "And as Moses lifted up the servant

ber of the ruling body of the Jews, While in the Holy City Jesus did in the wilderness, even so must the the Sanhedrin. The very nature of many remarkable works which are Son of man be lifted up:

the question and the tone of their not mentioned in the Bible. John "That whosoever believeth in him

voices must have indicated that he says, "Now when he was in Jerushall not perish, but have eternal had committed such a grievous offense salem at the Passover, in the feast day, life.

that he might have to pay for it with many believed in his name, when they "For God so loved the world, that his life. saw the miracles which he did."he gave his only begotten Son, that

Jesus knew that these people would Among those who believed Jesus to whosoever believeth in him should one day kill him, but he also knew be the Messiah were certain leaders not perish, but have everlasting life.

he had power over the grave. Thinkof the Jews. One of these was a man "For God sent not his Son into the

ing of his death and resurrection, he by the name of Nicodemus, a Phariworld to condemn the world; but

said, "Destroy this temple and in see and member of the Sanhedrin.

three days I will raise it up."The The teachings and the miracles perpriests were concerned with the great formed by the Savior appealed to (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1957 169 Early Days of the Lord's Ministry

(Continued from, preceding page) "He that believeth on the Son hath religion was similar to that of the that the world through, him might everlasting life: and he that believeth Jews, they had many serious differbe saved."not the Son shall not see life; but ences.

Those who do not believe in the the wrath of God abideth on him."One of the important landmarks

Son of God, he explained, shall be The Baptist was well chosen for his on the road through Samaria is condemned, because they love darkwork. Jacob's Well, located near the town

ness rather than light, and evil rather As humble as John was in his callof Sychar. Here the father of the

than good. ing, he was bold, fearless, and twelve tribes of Israel had bought

The account ends abruptly and we outspoken in denouncing sin and some ground, some of which he had do not know whether or not this wrongdoing wherever he found it. given to his son, Joseph, and here

young ruler understood, but it is eviEven the ruler of Galilee and Peraea, Jacob had lived for a time. Consedent that he was unwilling to take Herod Antipas, was condemned by quently, the place was sacred to all

the chance of losing his position in John for his sins. of the children of Israel.

society by openly declaring his belief Antipas believed John to be a just It was the "sixth hour,"or about and following the Master. and holy man and listened to much of noon, that Jesus and his fellow travFrom Bethlehem Jesus went with the advice that the prophet gave him. elers reached the well. The Savior,

his disciples "into the land of Judea; But when Antipas left his wife for weary from the journey, stayed there

and there he tarried with them, and Herodias, who had been married to to rest while his disciples went into baptized."At this same time, John his brother, John publicly and prithe city to buy some food. While

the Baptist was preaching and "bapvately condemned him for living in they were gone a woman came to tizing in Aenon near to Salim, because adultery. Even then Antipas may the well to draw some water. An

there was much water there."have accepted the condemnation of ordinary Jew would not have spoken

Not completely understanding the prophet, knowing it was justified. to this person, first of all because she

John's position as a forerunner of the Herodias, however, who seemingly was a woman, and secondly because

Christ, some of the followers of John had inherited much of the cruelty of she was a Samaritan. But the meswere somewhat disturbed as news her greatgrandfather, Herod the sage of the gospel was for all people,

continued to reach them of the sucGreat, sought to have John killed. so to engage her in conversation Jesus

cess Jesus was having and the great When she was unsuccessful, she inasked for a drink.

numbers that were coming to him for fluenced her husband to have the Her answer was what we would baptism. The question even arose prophet put where his voice could have expected: "How is it that thou,

between them and some of the peonot be heard. being a Jew, asks drink of me, which

ple with whom they talked as to It was a sad day for this brave and am of Samaria? for the Jews have no

which baptism was right, John's or faithful prophet when he was dragged dealings with the Samaritans."

Jesus'. off to the borders of Moab, on the Jesus replied, "If thou knewest the

Expressing their concern to John far southern end of the domain of gift of God, and who it is that saith they said, "Rabbi, he that was with Antipas, and there imprisoned in a to thee, Give me to drink; thou

thee beyond Jordan, to whom thou fort set atop a rocky and barren hill. wouldest have asked of him, and he

bearest witness, behold, the same bap- A heap of ruins some six miles east would have given thee living water."

tizeth, and all men come to him."of the Dead Sea, today marks this The woman, not understanding,

John's answer showed his greatness, place where John the Baptist lived asked where he would obtain living his fervent testimony, and how deeply during the last months of his life. water, as he had no jar or rope to

and sincerely he was devoted to the Soon after Jesus learned that John draw from the deep well. "Art thou

work of the Lord. There was nothwas in prison, he and his disciples left greater than our father, Jacob,"she

ing but love in his heart as he reJudea to return to Galilee. We do asked, "which gave us the well, and

plied: not know the route that was taken on drank thereof himself, and his chilhis cattle?"ocdren, his journeys, but on this and many of receive nothing, except "A man can

casion, rather the answered, than going through "Whosoever drink - Jesus given from heaven.it be him

Jordan valley, Jesus decided to go eth of this water shall thirst again:

"Ye yourselves bear me witness, through the land of Samaria. "But whosoever drinketh of the

I said, Christ, butthat not the I am

I shall shall give never that him that pious water the will remember We I beforethat him."am sent

I shall give thirst; that water the but traveling in this avoided country Jews

He compared the situation to a when they could. Feelings between him shall be in him a well of water

wedding in which Jesus was the the Jews and the Samaritans had been springing up into everlasting life."

groom and he, John, was the best growing until, unfortunately, they "Sir, give me this water, that I man. He loved Jesus so much that had reached the point of hatred. The thirst not, neither come hither to

he rejoiced just to hear his voice. trouble had started almost a thousand draw,"the woman asked.

His joy was full in his humble assignyears earlier when the kingdom of Jesus then asked the woman to go ment. Israel was first divided. Later the and bring her husband, but she said,

"He must increase,"John exAssyrians conquered the northern "I have no husband."

plained, "but I must decrease."kingdom, carried many of the people Jesus answered, "Thou hast well

"The Father loveth the Son,"he away, replacing them with strangers. said, I have no husband:

said, "and hath given all things unto In time these strangers mixed with "For thou hast had five husbands;

his hand. the Israelites, and even though their and he whom thou now hast is not

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thy husband: in that saidst thou

truly."The woman, astounded that thisman could tell her of her past, said, Salt Lake City...

"Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet."After a brief discussion, the

woman said, "I know that Messias

Christ: is calledcometh, which when Air Capital of the West!

all things."tell us he willhe is come,

Jesus answered, "I that speak unto thee am he."

This ended the conversation, for just at this time the disciples returned. WESTERN AIRLINES'flights now assure you

They were amazed that Jesus was talking with a woman, but no one of modern air service to 45 cities in the West asked him why he was doing so.

The woman, however, quickly left -with connections to all the world!

the scene, and hurrying into the city told the people, "Come, see a man, which told me all things that I ever did: is not this the Christ?"

Meanwhile, the disciples offered <K food to Jesus, saying, "Master, eat."ENJOY AMERICA'S DC6B

But, contemplating the greatness of SMARTEST AIR SERVICE 'if LUXURY FLIGHTS his Father's work, he said he had Luxury beyond compare... at no Nonstop to Denver and Minneapolismeat that they knew not of. The extra fare! Gourmet dining, orchids St. Paul. Nonstop to Los Angeles,

disciples wondered if someone else for the ladies, many other San FranciscoOakland, and Reno.

had brought food, but the Savior delightful extras! Convenient departures.

added: "My meat is to do the will of

him that sent me, and to finish his work. "Say not ye, There are yet four months, and then comest harvest?

Behold, I say unto you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they

are white already to harvest. MODERN DC6B DELUXE PRESSURIZED

receiveth that reapeth he "And

AIRCOACH FLIGHTS CONVAIRS NORTHBOUND fruit gatherethwages, unto life and 4-engine Western's aircoach, DC6B for Idaho, Headed or CanMontana,eternal: that that soweth both he

offers presNight Owl,""The you Western's deluxe pressurized ada? torejoice reapethand he that may surized at coach comfort economy.

inConvairs turn miles those weary gether. Paul, MinneapolisSt. $50.75. pleasant minutes! Las to

"And herein is that saying true, Vegas, $20.05. Los Angeles, $30.25.

One soweth, and another reapeth.

"I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labour: other men

laboured, and ye are entered into their labours."

Many of the people of the city, when they heard the story of the woman, believed that Jesus was the

Christ, went to the well to see him, and pleaded with him to stay and teach them. This he did, remaining

Hawaii To

thein the city among the Samaritans for and two days. Orient

"And many more believed because of his own word;

"And said unto the woman, Now To Mexico City we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, WESTERN

and know that this is indeed the

Christ, the Saviour of the world."AIRLINES

After the two days were over, Jesus and his disciples returned to Galilee.

(To he continued) MARCH 1957 171 i I l See your nearest I.

FLINTKOTE.. -Jhink it D055L bte that

CANEC dealer uou maw L wilstam?en

COLORADO TEXAS Richard L. Evans EL PASO ASPEN

Aspen Lumber & Supply Booker Building Materials Of**

AURORA Maley Building Material CO.

Strait11150 LumberEast ColfaxCo. UTAH AST week we quoted from Cromwell a single searching I

BRIGHTON I it sentence: "I beseech CITY. think possible you.. that you

1 Lmbr.Street& Hdwe. Inc. CEDARPerry's United307 Bridge it be mistaken."then to Mill & Cabinet Shop i may being in I mistaken We applied

HURRICANE EDGE CEDAR Cedar Edge Lumber Co. Graff Mercantile misjudging men. Today we should like to apply it to the I

SPRINGS COLORADO KANAB possibility of misjudging matters. other Searching men, with I Co. Collier Lumber Equitable Kanab

Colorado Avenue West 543 searching are minds, constantly penetrating into unknown LOGAN I DENVER

NiederhauserLmbr.&Constr.Co. Co. Lumber ABZ discovering areas and that modifies theories the much and

3170 West Alameda i MIDVALE of Lumber past. hypotheses the there are so where And many Jordan Lumber Co. West South Santa Denver1580 Co.Fe un- I

Santa Fe Co. Lumber questions, MOAB answered so as yet undiscovered, so much much Fe Santa South 4141 I Co. Lumber McCormick

University as Park Co. Lumber yet unrevealed, a closed neither be mind can comfortable

South Josephine 1810 PLEASANT MOUNT I

Peterson Lumber Co. Jewel M. nor condoned. all told us has not Lord The JUNCTION GRAND God he knows Gn

Blevins & I OGDEN nor of the North have 432 DenningAvenue as minds yet discovered the men complete

Walker Lumber Burton Co.

LAKEWOOD Lincoln Avenue 2427 or ultimate answers concerning or or mind, matter. men, But Bros. Francis Co. Lumber Co. Hansen Lumber

Colfax 6700 West Grant Avenue 3125 still is there is sometimes conceit little there a learning. where

Ketchum Supply OURAY Wall BuildersAvenue 2470 Co. Rice Lumber a learned person has more, comparison, by when than And

Co. Lincoln Lumber

Lincoln Avenue 2667 I little person, like a another lot sometimes learning a seems IDAHO Co. Lumber Thompson Norman

Warren 2 is of learning. of conceit learning I But BLACKFOOT unbecoming any man

OREM Co. Sales Wilcox

is all field of there in and knowledge no I which Hardware Geneva Lumber & men—for BOISE

Builders ThreeWay Producers Co. Lumber arrived sure can at has be any he the ultimate man and I Fairview 4205 Avenue

PAROWAN 7 is BUHL absolute answer; there no one reached has the ultimate Mercantile who Parowan I

Citizens Supply P.O. Building681 PROVO Box of in area endeavor. suggests any This again questions some I

8c Bldg. Lmbr. Ross Supp BURLEY

7th East NorthJensen 496 that all be of could in are dictatorial asked teaching, who Bldrs. Co. Independent Supp. I

RICHFIELD McBride Co. Lumber all of are in positive overly of opinion: a who knows Who Si Croft Pearson I CALDWELL

that textbook will Co. revised? of not be a CITY SALT process LAKE knows Who SimplotP.O. Box Lumber631 I Builders General Supply will that not of be a improved? theory that South 27th 255 West D'knows ALENE COEUR Who Co, i I Hyland Atlas Tie Co. Co. Lumber not or be modified Drive may Highland 2182 the abandoned? knows how Who JEROME I Builders Supply

Co. Northside Lumber life to be? 4th South Ketchum780 West knows world was made? came how Who Who P.O. Box 867

Mulhollands I cell a Drive eye, living Highland MERIDIAN or a tooth, single 3298 an becomes knows how 632MeridianEast FirstCoal &StreetLumber Co. 35NuWayWest Builders9th SouthSupply or a wondrous functioning physical form? Who knows how I

Builders Co. Supply MONTPELIER itself? of instinct Road South Payless875 heals Redwood source the the the body knows Who Co. River Bear

Builders SouthEast Supply Co. I

SAND I POINT of of voice centuries so McClelland asked ago: 2189 animals? the As Job many

Bargain Suppliers Utah Lumber Co.* 2 I in parts?"the put hath inward knows wisdom "Who Who CITY SUGAR SPRINGVILLE

Furn, City Sugar Hdwe. & all Grand Co. of Lumber visions great the bethe answers? knows what I Who

FALLS TWIN ST. GEORGE Co. Clyde Bishop left Lumber the prophets unsaid? seen have and yond knows I Who

J Mill Lumber & J & Building Supply

CressP.O. Co. Pickett Box 811 will Lumber discover, or will yet the what Lord man God when I

Co. Builders General Supply Co. Lumber Woodbury

to reveal will? further us expect does not and mind He KeelWilkinson Stronk & I TOOELE P.O. Box 1129

Bldrs. Supply all Farm Co. Home & the expects a he now. But mind know Falls Co. Lumber Twin hisanswers—not I

VERNAL spirit, to truth, a to willingness a open teachable and and

Co. Maeser Lumber I MEXICO NEW faith. exseek, to to learn, with with search freedom and He

ALBUQUEROUE I WYOMING Co. Builders Santa Fe Supply to his to also the truth keep pects use comus we have—and EVANSTON I LAS CRUCES

Co. River Bear Lumber theories tentative to as teachings the and mandments. And Porter Robert Sons & I KEMMERER ROSWELL to be expects us of he men: that we may mistaken—Supply Co. Lincoln Co. Supply Lumberman's

of conceit to avoid with I walk humbly and LYMAN FE SANTA learning—andknow

Co. Builders Santa Fe Supply Lyman Hardware I in its course. creation keeps Si Implements him who

"AUTHORIZED FLINTKOTECANEC DISTRIBUTOR 1 I

Quoted in Unpopular Essays, Bertrand Russell.

l 2Job 38:36.

PIONEER Calif. vvv.iA,lA/ord Box 2218 Annex, Los Terminal Angeles 54, "OL -SpokenJpG,<*,* 1 SQUARE FROM TEMPLE

LOS SAN FRANCISCO ANGELES SEATTLE

PRESENTED OVER KSL BROADCASTING AND THE COLUMBIA DENVER* CITY HILOSALTPORTLAND 'SPOKANELAKE HONOLULU I

Please send free Idea Kit No. 357 SYSTEM, JANUARY 20, 1957 I

Copyright 1957 I STREETCITY

172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DECOTONE TILE Attractive random perforation trapshappy projects noise, makes a quieter room in addition to insulating against heat and cold.

12"xl2"and 12"x24". Jarhome lovers! INSULATINGFactory prefinished white, size TILE

Big easyto-apply tiles in many handy sizes—from 12"xl2"to 16"x32".

Insulates, decorates, easy to maintain. Factory prefinished in

white, or may be easily painted.

-)jf INSULATING PLANK The companion Canec wall product,

Apply these big 8'or 10'planks home for remodeling or new construction. horizontally or vertically for attractive

decorative effects. Factory prefinishedimprovement products in white—easily painted.

cv

rtfcj!*t

Sowfdcondition% imdate % decomte...tvith Came

Home improvement ideas come thick and fast with Canec products. Made of strong Hawaiian cane fibre, they're

tough and durable, yet amazingly easy to work with. Best of

all, Canec is economical. See your Canec dealer listed in the

column on the opposite page, or mail the coupon today!

MIA Youth Conference

(Concluded from page 149) Everyone was up by 5 a.m. Wedman. His humor and heartwarming nesday morning for a Rhine River

manner brought the audience close cruise. This provided a day of reto him and made his message exceplaxation and quiet fun on board a

tionally forceful and effective. His 700passenger river boat. The weather

afternoon address dealt with experiwas clear, and the picturesque anences in Palestine along the theme: cient castles and the hills terraced

"Where there's a will, there's a way."] by fruitful vineyards which border

Other special features of the Sunthe Rhine on each side made it a day meetings were the presentation photographer's paradise. This was a

of Individual Awards to approximemorable day for the young people mately twenty young women from of the West German Mission, and the Augsburg, Esslingen, Frankfurt, the crewmen aboard the river boat and Munich branches; four Silver will also remember it for a long time

Gleaner Awards to girls in the Frankbecause, as was said by one of them:

furt Branch; and an Honorary Master "This is the first time we've ever been

M Man award to the first counselor in up the Rhine without selling even the mission presidency, Brother Ruone package of cigarets or a bottle dolf A. Noss, in acknowledgment of of beer."

little a returned group The home for thehis young with and work

Yelitto of Darmstadt, Charlette Germany, re- a tired After very happy. but Mission of thepeople German West selected Green of Gold and as Queen was sleep night's began they freshing Ball. to of service his yearsduring twenty

the Church. Music was furnished in their journey homeward by train,

greatly bicycle, or car, motorcycle, session Frankfurt thethe by morning in concert doing City work was who built through having renewed up in afternoonDistrict the choir and

Sister Edelgard Hainke, Europe; and acquaintances, having made many of choirs thesession the combined by in pianist, also doEurope was who highfriends, the enjoyed having new districts. Stuttgart SpeandMunich missionary concert work. ing A est of entertainment, type fun andcial solo were quartet numbers and

special several quartet furnished spirit felt of the the Lord having and in missionaries servingrendered by numbers. atin they meetings the inspiringWest Germany. Monday, July 30, began early 1956 annual tended. As the MIA

Sunday evening, a 200voice chorus, with an MIA officers meeting, which conference of the West German Misrepresenting young members from later separated into departmental sion came to a close, talk about new branches all over the mission, fursessions for dance, speech, drama, ideas and plans for the 1957 confernished an inspiring musical program music, and sports. The early afterence began to fill the air.

under the direction of Elder Newel noon was devoted to instruction

Kay Brown from Salt Lake City. courses for leaders of the various

Guest artists were Elder David J. classes in the MIA and then at 3:30

Dalton, violinist; Sister LuCretia a series of educational films was

Ferre, soprano soloist from Salt Lake shown. The young people who had These Times

been engaged in sport activities dur- (Continued from page 134) to do of encouraged girl, Frankfurt, ing the day were Mettlach Helga Flower

British French pulled used and by and Girls during to roses passes Honor Germany, interesting in sightseeing the some British for purinfluence French and Ball. at Green Girls Gold and Dance Honor

afterin of city late the Wiesbaden all irritate parties conwill poses. This

noon. cerned, including the Middle Eastern

The evening's entertainment was countries themselves.

also the culmination of many days 2. Irritating the Arab States and

and weeks of script writing, rehearsals, Israel. Egypt, no less than Syria, other

Israel, states, is extremely and and preparation. The theme for the Arab

its sensitive "sovereignty"and about evening was "Characteristics of Each "independence."The Arab states will

Country."This was carried out not welcome American intervention.

through musical numbers, short skits, We did not welcome the wellmeaning and a miniature opera. Citizen Genet of France who used US

An outing was scheduled for Tuesports and cities for French purposes in day, July 31, in the beautiful Taunus 1791 before Washington severed the

Mountains. Despite some interferFrench alliance. In the Arab world the

ence from the weather, a good time British and French have used key perlanguage, familiar Arabic sonnel participants. by the 550 had was A

failed. culture, have and religion—andwith the picnic completed day, and the less favorably are even Americans

German people found it quite a equipped to deal with these sensitive, novelty to eat little white things they newly independent states. They know

had never seen before—marshmalour western allies need their oil and

lows. (Concluded on page 176)

174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now! Two big ways 1957 IH Tractors put power to better use!

. # gives you PULLPOWER second to none!

Say goodbye to frequent shallowups and shiftdowns! Here's your doublebarreled answer to tough spots—new FastHitch with TractionControl, plus

Torque Amplifier! See how this great combination of "grip and go"gives

new McCormick Farmall 350, 450, and International 350 Utility tractors pullpower out of all proportion to rated horsepower.

IH TractionControl FastHitch gives you continuous traction that grows with the load! This keeps you plowing full depth

when others can't.

To give your IH tractor its second wind, just pull the Torque

Amplifier lever. Instantly, without shifting, TA increases

drawbar pull up to 45% to keep you plowing nonstop! This

surging powerpunch teamed with groundgripping traction makes you master of the toughest plowing on your farm!

Call your IH dealer... he'll gladly demonstrate.

Feel the "grip and go"of traction that grows with the load and the powerpunch of TA. Try

the new 4-plow Farmall 450... 3-plow Farmall

350, or International 350 Utility.

See your INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER Dealer

in products International Harvester pay for themselves

Tractors Farmall. use—McCormick.. Motor Trucks and International Farm Equipment,

.. Construction Equipment—General Office, Chicago 1, Illinois

Outplow them all with the "grip and go"of this new Farmall pulling a new 450—

Fast- 4-furrow McCormick Hitch plow with individual spring trip beams.

Ill

1. *J iSiiiiiiiiw iiifW;i?iB

MARCH 1957 175 These Times

(Concluded from page 174) a "lame duck"president can retain suffiin delivering the message: Under these

resources. They know that the Eisencient vigor in the administration to circumstances I deem it necessary to seek

hower Doctrine, although silent on the ensure successful manipulation of these the cooperation of the Congress;"likesubject, is keenly concerned with the complicated policies will shortly be obwise his appeal "to manifest again our

twothirds of the world's oil which lies servable. It can be said for Mr. Eisennational unity in support of freedom and

in the Middle East, and with the hower that he has an extremely good to show our deep respect for the rights strategic Suez waterway which makes chance to do so. The weight of experiand independence of every nation."

movement of the oil possible. ence, popularity, and national good feelPresident Eisenhower's statement has

3. Irritating India and other neutralist ing has been with him. He also has the put the world on notice that the United

states. The AfroAsian bloc with twentyadvantage of a recent phenomenon in States intends to use its economic and

six votes is a major policy influence in American politics, a working Vice Presimilitary strength to maintain peace, inthe United Nations. They will not weldent. It may well be that one result of cluding peace in the Middle East. The

come any show of American power as the Twentysecond Amendment in the Sixth Fleet, stationed in the Mediterthe heir and successor to their former next four years will be to elevate the ranean, is already the strongest armed

British and French overlords. vice presidency, in the hands of a young force in the area. The President's

lets declaration role of to a man, the importance beyond world new know that 4. Reviving the cold war with Russia.

is seen. yet Sixth Fleet there anything the that Twentysecond on business, The

Russia has her central with already met is in these be the there more Amendment, power where that came times, may satellitesEuropean the and condemned from, that our republic notwithmeans of giving the American main business

Eisenhower Doctrine as a "threat to not only a working vice presidency, but standing is peace, and that we are willpeace."The meeting occurred in Budaalso a fouryear apprenticeship for the ing to support the aspirations of the

pest, January 1-4, 1957, and has had presidency. What this means to the peoples of that area for independence

overtones since. But the real threat to Democratic party, which is in control of and "sovereignty."The "irritations"

a renewal of the cold war lies in the Congress but which does not have a described are likely to be absorbed and

Middle East itself, especially in Egypt, leaderapparent for 1960, will not be lost cushioned within this framework.

Israel, Syria, and Jordan. Colonel on the Democrats. The years 1957 The policy is a bold and courageous

Nasser travels to Moscow on an official through 1960 will see the Democratic step. It is based on the same kind of

visit this year. Egypt, Syria, and party doing their very best to "run sense that underlies the thought exJordan have the jitters about the miliagainst"Mr. Nixon, while attempting to pressed by Robert Frost, that "good

tary strength of Israel, who, rightly or build up their own potential candidate fences make good neighbors."The

wrongly, they fear as a triggerhappy or candidates for the presidency in 1960 Eisenhower Doctrine proposes to build aggressor. feature of the Eisen- A major loses fences East. in the Eisenhower (when President Middle his no They US

Doctrine of is thehower promise eligibility). are there. ecoconstitutional to factor the nations be built by This

nomic and military American aid. poses real hazards for President EisenBut we are saying we want "no tresPromised only on request and as a prohower and the Republican leadership in passing"in the area, and if those states

tection against "Communist aggression,"launching the "doctrine"and underlines want our help in preventing trespassers, it is transparent on the face of the the importance of the President's phrase we are available for assistance.

policy that if Egypt requests tanks and planes from the US and receives them, and remains "sovereign,"it could also utilize its newfound posture of military strength as a counterbalance against Woman of Courage

Israel, and vice versa. In other words,

in the East,involvement Middle even (Continued from page 165) 'Of course you can.'Superintendent of the specificwithin terms the Eisenhower Doctrine as announced January District, following her successful three Huntsman went immediately to the

5, 1957, means that the United States years'work as Primary Supervisor in phone and called Salt Lake City.

(or the United Nations with the US that area. She tells in her own words They told him that I was qualified

backing it to the hilt) has taken on the of her appointment: for a supervisory certificate.

ofjob Israel keeping peace between and I little success achieved as a "The "Superintendent Alonzo Huntsman states.the Arab

to supervisor Superdue largely was for responsible appointment was my 5. Posing Eisenhazards Mr. for new intendent was Huntsman. a man He It as Supervisor. Primary happened

the party at Republicanhower and great enthusiasm and marked like spring one morning of this—early in are controlhome. Democrats The

ability."to in Sugarville school he our cameof Congress. Mr. Rayburn and Sam

Mr. Lyndon Johnson, two Democrats and said he came to talk to us. He A second time tragedy struck, alfrom Texas, lead the House and the told us that the Board of Education though it was not readily recognized

Senate, respectively. They will follow had voted to hire a Primary Superat the time. Deta noticed a tremor

a successful Eisenhower leadership. But visor and that he was to recommend in her left hand. When the doctor

just as patriotic Republicans turned on the candidates. He suggested two or was consulted, he said that she had

Mr. Truman over Korea, so patriotic three names but said he had a local been working too hard and needed

of diffiDemocrats can stir up plenty teacher in mind for the job and prorest. Deta resigned her position and,

if thingsculty for Mr. Eisenhower do

not go smoothly. ceeded to describe her in such glowafter a summer vacation of rest, ening terms that I had no idea that he tered Utah State Agricultural ColMr. Eisenhower finds himself the first

to continue her studies. She rePresident in American history to operate was talking about me. When he told lege

in office with the handicap of the me, I was so surprised and shocked ceived her Bachelor of Science degree

Twentysecond amendment to the Conthat I was at a loss for words. He in 1932 and her Master of Science in

stitution of the United States. He is asked me if I could qualify, and I 1933. During this period the tremor

now a "lame duck"President. Whether told him I didn't think so. Glen said, (Continued on page 178)

176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Families agree on KSLTV

.. and now everyone agrees on FUNTIME EXPRESS.

Engineer Ron received over 3000 entries in a recent 3-week coloring contest that included viewers ranging from two to twentyone.

Dinky Poo and Cecil the Diesel, regulars on Track 5, welcome the newest addition to the show "The Little Rascals"cartoons every weekday afternoon!

FIND OUT ALL ABOUT IT Monday through

Thursday at 4:00 and Fridays at 3:30.

MARCH 1957 177 mottooe Woman of Courage.. FOLDING (Continued from page 176) her desires—a goal toward which she

BANQUET became more pronounced and inhad struggled with such a terrific 'TABLES creasingly more painful, but the dochandicap—and feel that she dared not

tors were still at a loss to understand accept the responsibility of such a

Direct Prices what caused the difficulty. position while her health was so preDiscounts to The Macmillan Company, a pubcarious. She might fail those who

Schools,Churches. in those hired her or who enrolled of international renown, lishing house

and all Institutions if this asshe undertook their her classes to demonstrate Deta engaged

GatesHeuber Readers in Montana, signment.

Idaho, and Utah. She was excepShe and Glen made the long trip

Clinic, hoping to the in back in this Mayo work, successful tionally TRUCKS storingMONROE For Chairstruelr there easy wayTables doctors the the that against hope condition her fact that of the spite EachandConstrue modernFoldingtables handles storage chairspermits No. tion of TSCor Storage Transport her to give some enabled be tremor, might steadily worsening. The citherTruckspace. was in limited

T$ No. Truck

it clinic, the or relief. assistance At extended of improving, had instead the to inquiries their Units may direct Church

Department, Purchasing Church 47 East into her arm, rendering it almost enwas the same story—there was no City 1, Utah. Salt Lake South Temple,

that a few drugs cure; there were useless. tirely COMPANY THE "Wlonaoc somewhat. alleviate pain the at the end of summer in would STREET. COLFAX. IOWA When/249CHURCH

1934, Deta and Glen planned to enBut there was nothing that would roll in the graduate school at the halt the steady progress of the cripUniversity of California, they were pling disease.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS required to take physical entrance exBecause Deta knew how her famaminations. This examination reily would react to this disheartening

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple vealed Deta's illness. Specialists who news, she planned a way in which

sore throat and other minor mouth checked her condition pronounced her she could make the blow easier. She

and throat irritations. disease Parkinson's Paralysis, and one thought of every interesting and funof them suggested that instead of atny incident or anecdote that had hapHALLS REMEDY tendingher life havingschool ashegoodspendtime.theSherestwasof penedexaminationwhile shein thewasclinicundergoingand wrotethe

Salt Lake City, Utah given six months to live. it for their amusement. This, she

Instead of discouraging Deta, this hoped, would take the sting from their stirred her to a new determination to sorrow, would help heal their grief.

earn her doctorate in education, Even now, unable to care for herwhich she achieved in 1937. By this self and her beloved Glen, she still

Two great names join to bring time the tremor had progressed to responds to the humor of every situour many friends the finest in both arms, and a tremor was also noation. She deliberately seeks the

ticeable in her legs. With true courage, fun out of life. Her eyes twinkle as

comfort and quality in Public she concealed the seriousness of her Glen tells some of the stories that

Seating. affliction to such an extent that her her whisper prompts him to relate.

major professor, Dr. George C. Kyte, She chuckles over the response of

WE PROUDLY insisted she accept an offer as prothose who listen. Deta's humor has

ANNOUNCE OUR fessor of elementary education at always been her saving grace.

ASSOCIATION WITH Eastern Illinois State Teachers ColEven with her last hope shattered,

HAMPDEN SPECIALTY lege. The University of Toledo likeDeta would not capitulate. What

PRODUCTS, INC. wise asked her to accept an associate could she do? Where could she turn?

professorship in their school of eduThen the thought came to her: She

1st South 29 East expelater of her teaching use could Professor C. make E. Rugh

City, Utah cation. Salt Lake

of work, supervisory rience, of her she that perhaps was said, "Thinking waiting for a California offer we unher diligent study. Difficult as it

earthed an excellent position; but bewas to type, she wrote several artiSCHOOL & OFFICE SUPPLY fore she had time to turn this position cles on educational subjects and

down, quite by accident, we learned made a number of studies in the field 29 East First South the real reason for her seeming lack of education. These works were

of enthusiasm over her professional eagerly published by such journals

. School for Elementary as the California planned career. had.. She

School & Office Supply ZCMI ReEducational doctorate; Journal, the Utah and to her secure Jl years First South 29 East

i Salt Lake City, Utah nothing could turn her from her purview, Elementary School Journal, AdSend me your Hampden Chair & Table ] pose. Furthermore, she was deterministration and Supervision, and

l Catalog. mined to get it purely on merit and many other educational publications.

not on sympathy; and for that reason As the disease progressed, it bewe were kept in ignorance of the came increasingly difficult for Deta

facts."to type, since it required extreme

1 City State How ironical it must have seemed exertion to force her fingers to obey to find herself at the threshold of (Concluded on page 180) 178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Finest Quality—Largest Variety

of Folding Furniture for School,

Church and Institutional Use

Specifically designed for public seating,

Hampden folding furniture is sturdy and handsome. Rustproofed by bonderizing

process, they feature new multiple spray, chipproof enamel finish. They will not tip

or wobble and are quiet in use, fold easy, stack easy. Wide selection of price, color,

upholstery and construction to fit your needs

and budget. Excellent distribution brings

entire line within easy shipping distance of

your institution. Write for catalog.

MARCH 1957 179 Woman of Courage

(Concluded from page 178) and her eyes sparkled with this new home, first used as a summer home, her will on the keyboard. She therechallenge to her fertile mind. lies one of the tremendous stories of

fore employed a stenographer and For Deta Neeley sleep is a precious our time.

continued her work by dictation. boon, but sleep is often denied her. Patriarch James A. Walton of TreWhen the disease finally attacked her She, however, will not complain; durmonton said that Deta is one of the

vocal organs, she was no longer able ing the long hours when sleep eludes greatest miracles of our time to have to dictate to a stenographer. DeterDeta, she plans her work—and even produced what she has in spite of her

mined to continue her work, she purplots mystery stories which are much great affliction.

chased an especially designed dictamore than mere thrillers because she That, in spite of almost overwhelmphone which could be attached to has a psychological background that ing disaster, Deta Neeley and her her head in such a way that she could makes these worthwhile ventures. husband Glen Neeley have made a

talk directly into the mouthpiece. To Deta Neeley, life, each precious beautiful life is evidenced by visiting

Even this was difficult, for she could moment of it, has always been a great them in their home. As one friend

speak into this dictaphone for only a adventure, something to be lived to said, "Their life may have been diffifew minutes at a time. At length her the full capacity of which she is capacult; but it has never been dull."Life

voice became so weak that she could ble. And in spite of a body that is the great adventure to both memnot speak loudly enough for her voice refuses to do her will, she has a mind bers of this household. They have

to register on the records. It was that squeezes from life each full drop truly become one—and to praise Deta

then that her husband Glen gave up of joy and creativity. is to praise Glen, too—for these two

his work and listened to her whisThe story of Deta and Glen Neeley have indeed shown the world what pered dictation and transcribed for is a difficult one to write, yet the can be accomplished when the spirit her. The last two of her Book of challenge it contains is one that of man and woman will not be deMormon series for children, as well should come to all. In their little feated.

as the Story of the Pearl of Great

Price and Jesus of Nazareth have been written directly on the typewriter by

Glen from Deta's dictation.

The Richest Girl in Town In evaluating her children's books it is enough to state what one of her (Continued from page 162) The supervisor came by then, and reviewers said: "Even before Dr.

men. Meredith called, "Hi, Dad."there wasn't a chance to say anything

Neeley completed her work here at Mike smiled, "Good evening, sir."else and he didn't see Jo again.the University, she had made and Carl Braden merely nodded curtly. Payday was Thursday. He bought

published an extensive study regardThey sat down at a table by the potato salad and hot dogs and buns ing children's vocabularies which will, window and Mike looked at the menu. and soda pop and carried them in a

I believe, go down in educational Steaks $4. Mike ordered steak and large paper bag. Meredith was waithistory as one of the pioneer studies French fries and pie. The food was ing for him at The Hut. She was

in the field."

good, and Mike ate hungrily, and wearing levi's and a plaid shirt and

The painwracked body of Deta then as he paid the waitress he saw her long hair was in pigtails. She

Neeley has been controlled by a drivCarl Braden watching him, contempt looked more longlegged than ever ing mind and a consistent insistence in his eyes, and Mike could not and very young.

that the body is subservient to the quench the feeling of shame. They took a bus out into the counspirit. "Let's dance, Mike."Meredith was try and then walked a mile to TrapHer diligence would put to shame smiling at him, and he thought, But per's Lake. There was nothing spec-

a person who did not struggle with I can get used to that. He had always tacular about the day. They walked

the handicaps which she has so been proud that he paid his own way, along the beach and found shells, valiantly overcome. She has pubbut he hadn't tonight! and Meredith tied them in a handkerlished four volumes for children on "Will you give me a date next chief to her belt. They rolled their

the fourth grade level concerning the Thursday?"he asked. trouser legs up and waded into the

Book of Mormon: The Journey to the "Oh, yes, I'd like that. What time lake. When they were hungry, Mike

Promised Land, The Precious Land shall I pick you up?"built a fire, and they roasted hot dogs

of Promise, The Land of Their In- "This is my date!"He said it alwhich tasted wonderful.

heritance, and The Savior Comes to most harshly. "We're going on a picHe looked at Meredith sitting barethe Promised Land. In addition she nic. Could you meet me at The Hut footed and crosslegged, munching a

has written A Child's Story of the across from the hospital?"hot dog. "Your nose is going to blisPearl of Great Price, and her latest "I'll bring the lunch, Mike, and—ter,"he told her.

the press withinbook from to come year, basedthe Jesus of Nazareth, on "I bring the lunch, Meredith!"a blistered"I don't care.nose."I'veShe alwayspushedwanteda lock

the four Gospels, and again written She smiled. "Okay, Mike."of hair out of her eyes and laughed.

for the young folk whom Deta loves. Wednesday he saw Jo in the hallAnd then she said seriously, "Mike,

Even that is not all, for when Deta way. "A gang of us are going swimthis is the nicest date I have ever had

was asked what her next book will ming tomorrow. Come along?"in my life."

be, her lips formed the word Paul, "Sorry, Jo, but I can't make it."Mike took the charm bracelet out

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of his pocket and handed it to her.

"Happy birthday, Meredith."

She took the bracelet, her head shebent, looked up tears and when IT SOLID! "It's MAKE lashes. clinging to her longwere

beautiful, Mike."it around her wrist.—Your Foundation of Personal Security—He fastened'

"I had it the night of your party, but

I lost courage when I saw the platimake it SOLID - with CASH IN THE BANK num and diamonds."

"You needn't have!"she said bitThat's what our consistent savers are doing—building their

terly. "Those were presents from peodefense against need and worry by depositing—regularly—

ple trying to get in Dad's good graces. as much as they can in our bank—where it's safe, conThat's the way it has been all my life, venient and IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE for every need—

Mike. I'd think I had found a friend,

every want.

and then I would discover it wasn't me he liked, but what I could buy or Join them todaydo for him. But this—"she held her

arm up and the bracelet sparkled in We Welcome Your Account the sun. "You've given it to me because you like me, not because of 3% Interest on Savings

anything Dad can do for you."

Mike's heart beat guiltily. He BankBy-Mail Night Depository Free Parkingpicked up a handful of pebbles and

tossed them angrily into the lake.

On the long ride back to the city,Meredith sat close to him happily, zions savings bank the handkerchief of shells tied to her belt. Mike felt comfortable with her.He looked at his watch. "There won't & TrustDAVID p. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT

be time to take you home."South Temple & Main. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

"That's all right, Mike. I'll ride

with you to the hospital."

They stopped in at The Hut for a soda, and as they got up to leave, Jo came in. Mike introduced her to

Meredith. He saw the anger in Jo'seyes too late. OLIVE PELL BIBLE

"So this is why you couldn't go A magnificent, condensed version of the King James Old and swimming with the gang!"she said. New Testaments. Not one word altered! Retains the beautiful

"But then there is nothing quite so Elizabethan English of the Original Text. Perfect for travelers:

print; large, clear right easy the on the eyes. Just size for man'simportant to a poor but ambitious "beautifully in or lady's pocket leatherette black bag over bound

young doctor as seeing that his fuboard."Every verse and chapter numbered; name of book at top

ture is secure."of each page; ideal gift for boy or girl!

"What are you talking about?

Mike's future—"Meredith's voice Handsome edition on Bible paper. Sarah Blanding, Presichoked off. "Oh..."392 pages. dent of Vassar, says, "I

Mike said, "Shut up, Jo! You've alwaysBible whenuse ancalledOliveuponPell

said enough!"to lead in prayer."

Meredith swung around and faced

Dan Poling says: "This Olive Pell

him. "No, let her talk!"Bible is a reverent work of fine and

Jo was suddenly contrite. "I'm consecratedsingle word scholarshipof personalwithoutopinion,a

sorry. I didn't mean anything."k explanation or comment added.

"But you were telling the truth!"||lIk Theposefulachievementyears. ofCondensedtwelve purto

Meredith's eyes were brimming with onefifth, but there remain altears. She took off the bracelet and ways those passages that offer

dropped it on the counter. She 'thehealinggreatestto consolationthe distressedand of

walked out of The Hut, her head body and soul.'"

high.

Mike picked up the bracelet, reEmily Post says: "There

membering how happy Meredith had shouldBible in beeveryan Olivehome."Pell

been when he gave it to her. "I'm AT ALL GOOD BOOKSTORES,

sorry, Mike,"Jo was saying. "I went AND

a bit crazy with jealousy."CROWN PUBLISHERS, INC., 419 FOURTH AVE., NEW YORK

(Concluded on following page) MARCH 1957 181 The Richest Girl in Town (Concluded from preceding page) out to do him honor. They walked gone. She stood up. "What do you

"It's okay, Jo,"he said wryly, "You behind his coffin to the cemetery with want?"

were only telling the truth."uncovered heads. He was a beloved "Your father has just given his conThey walked in silence back to the man, a happy man whose life had sent to our marriage."

hospital. Jo was on night duty, Mike been spent in service. My father was "Does he know you're marrying

in emergency. They parted in the a rich man, and he left me a heritage me for my money!"

lower hall. "See you later, Mike?"that is going to be difficult to be "He knows everything."

He didn't answer. He had a lot worthy of.""And still he consented!"Her

of thinking to do before he saw Jo or "And so?"mouth trembled. "He thinks he can

Meredith again. At 4 a.m. Mike went "I'm going back to Ebbensville to buy me anything, even a husband.outside for a breath of air, and Jo practise. I want to marry Meredith Well, I've got something to say—

was waiting for him. "Please say you and take her with me. And the reaHe caught her in his arms. "Listen

forgive me, Mike."son I came to see you was to tell you to me, Meredith. I told your father

"You know, Jo, I never realized it to keep hands off. I don't want one he had to disinherit you or the deal

before, but we are very much alike, penny of your money. Meredith will was off. I love you, and I'm asking

you and I."have to live on what I earn."you to be the wife of a country doctor.

"What do you mean?"Carl Braden sat forward, and there We'll be lucky if we can afford a

"We both know what we want, and was respect in his eyes. "And you tworoom apartment above a garage,

we go after it."think she will agree to that?"and you'll have to make curtains and She gave a little laugh. "Is there Mike said softly, "I'm hoping I can scrub floors—

anything wrong with that?"make her believe I love her, sir."He stopped, the enormity of what

Before he could answer, he heard "Go ask her then. She's out in the he was asking of her sweeping over

the wail of an ambulance siren in the garden."him. "I can't ask you to live likedistance. He rushed back into the "And if she says yes, you'll keep that when—

hospital, and all the time he was hands off?"She threw her arms around his

setting bones and patching torn bodies "I'll keep hands off. Good luck!"neck. "You asked me to marry you,

he was thinking of his father and of Meredith was on her knees in the Dr. Michael Gregory, and that's what

Jo loving him and wanting the same garden, trowel in hand. Mike said, you've got to do!"Over her shoulder

easy life he had wanted. And he "Meredith...."he saw Carl Braden standing in the

thought of Meredith, the way she had She turned her head, and his heart doorway.

been at the lake today. When seven gave a surge of hope at the look of Mike had the feeling that Braden

o'clock came and he was off duty, he gladness in her eyes, and then it was didn't hate doctors so much anymore.

knew what he was going to do.

Carl Braden looked more formidable than ever seated behind the large desk in his library. He said, "I My Sister Anna

was expecting you, Dr. Gregory."(Continued from page 153) were crazy, racing through the pas-

I'll point. get to the I want "Then

ture, frightening the cows, to classify wavand us showed how and to Meredith."marry

at the struck as nets ing our said families. Rosowe into flowers We for a nice setup be would "That (dragonflies) illusive bluegauzies Dianthus family the rose ceas for and

you, wouldn't it?"Barbatus for the Sweet Williams. The that never did light and had to be

"Very nice,"Mike said. "You see, big words rolled off our tongues like snared in flight.

sir, my father was a country doctor. nobody's business, and that is the Hunting in the woods was different.

He died penniless. I was determined way I learned about the bees and Here we stood still in our tracks waitnot to have that happen to me, so I the flowers. ing while wild, woodsy, black buttermade up my mind to marry the richWe took to Latin, too. We could flies dipped and rose and finally

est girl in town and use her money say "The lazy farmer,"and "All Gaul lighted in range of the net that closed to get a start. Meredith is the richest is divided into three parts,"and rattle quickly and quietly over the fluttering

girl in town."off the conjugation of "amo, amas, wings.

"At least you're frank!"the big amat,"all of which I can still do, On such excursions we usually took

man said bitterly. "Listen, Gregory, although the three years'work for a lunch, and as we rested in the deep

I know Meredith is in love with you, which I received college credit in shade and ate our popcorn or apples and if marrying you is the thing Latin has long since slipped out of and examined our take, there were

I'll her happy,that and Aeneas will make more memory. give my stories—perhaps

I don't to think don't but Macbeth or The Tragedy ofmy consent, summer we all had such fun Dido One little breasts. the ourknow to have soothe "bugging."if you don't going Anna had score. I'll—And happy, taught us to draw from namake her specimens Anna of one hundred a collection

perspective, as she had "For awhile that was all I thought—insectia—for her biology course, so ture with true

of,"Mike went on, as if Braden had we took longhandled nets and a learned to do in sketching class. We

not spoken. "The struggle my father cyanide jar and sallied forth over hill made receding railroad tracks, barns,

had. But there was something else and dale in a regular Don Quixote bridges, and blocks. We practised

I had forgotten. When my father fashion to ride down and capture the art of public speaking and could

was buried, the whole town turned bugs. The neighbors thought we recite "O Young Lochinvar has come

182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA out of the West,"mimicking all themembers of our sister's elocution class, DOWNSTAIRS for Anna was critical of people and held up their pretense and sham for mimicry and scorn.

After finishing the normal school she taught again until she could save enough money to go to the state university. This opened up even

more wonderful things for all of us and set a precedent for us to follow.

The magic of sines and cosines, of bubbling test tubes and musty archives became living drama and adventure through Anna's interpretation. When she graduated, she waselected to Phi Beta Kappa—an honor 6\w*m\)JM$

she had not even consciously striven for.

With so much highmindedness, CULOTTES...

you might know she wanted her for cool, clothes plain and practical. She cool comfort..

scorned the fussy furbelows of menminded women and gave the beaus in charming the goby. Nevertheless, she was attattersall

tractive, with her head held high in a Portialike pose. check plisse

But the story does not end here.

Anna had one persistent suitor. He

waited patiently for seven years while she took her fling. I remember the

evening he brought her to a decision.

It was one Christmas vacation. He Wonderful to wear!

had come thirty miles through the care for! Noiron plisse

snow (a long way in horse and buggy neatly tailored with action days). back, quick.zip front.

My mother never let anything stand Completely washable in red, in the way of a possible match for blue or gold with black check her four grown daughters. Now all Sizes 1220 and 14&24&

were happily married except Anna, and everyone predicted she would be an old maid. I remember how, aftera good supper with cold chicken and 398

chocolate they meandered into the parlor where a fire had been set and everything put in readiness for this important occasion.

Even upstairs, my bedroom radiated a little of the parlor warmth through the open ventilator. I put my ear Mail orders to:

to the grate. I was getting anxious MARGOT MANNERS, ZCMl

for Anna, too. I was old enough by Salt Lake City 10, Utah

this time to know that one could not Please send the following Princess Peggy's:

live on learning alone. At least none Quant Size

of the heroines in the storybooks ever 1st Color. 2nd Color

did. Name Muffled through the grate came Address words that, loosely interpreted, were, City Zone State.

first for for dress, 10% Include 23$ postage "It's going to be now or never, old residents add dress. additional each Utah 2%

dear."state tax.

Anna must have been caught off her guard after an extra hard term ZCMl PRINCESS of teaching. She said meekly, "Let's

make it now, Arthur."PEGGY DRESSES,

So she resigned from her school, Downstairs Store (Concluded on following page) MARCH 1957 183 My Sister Anna

and they were wed. She bought herEarn More—With Safety (Concluded from preceding page)

self a cookbook, subscribed for a homemakers'magazine and went Christopher Columbia Says.. about her householder's tasks with the SAVE

same zeal she had had for college.

class and|Make Your Savings She organized a music MAIL! taught in the Sunday School and took

at the Pay YOU... pride in copping blue ribbons

county fair on quilting or embroidery

Make your money earn the most.. or canned fruit. Just like the stories

big 4%. Experienced lending... low she used to tell always ended, "She

overhead... and no gifts let us lived happily ever after."

share the earnings with you. Invest

with complete safety in this stategovernment supervised company.

All money received until the 15th You Also Can Serve of the month, earns from the With Safety 1st. Open an account now (Continued from page 152)

either in person or by mail. your children, recording family facts

STATE gained through correspondence with

I SUPERVISED others. Letter writing opens up new

Elbert R. worlds for you, gives you things to

Curtis President anticipate, short visits to enjoy

IN SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN. Robert V. through written pages from those SUGAR 2 1056 EAST 1ST SOUTH ST. Hodgen

CITY LAKE Exec. whom you hold dear. HOUSE SALT 6, UTAH

Vice Pres. Visit hospitals and convalescent

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS* homes regularly and write letters for

J. R. Elbert Curtis T. Christiansen Louis H. Callisfer to are patients unable who the many

L. Dr. J. Le Leo Kimball Roy Sid N. Capson Cornwall

to the sick cards cheer Send J. F. Fred Pingree Dee A. Anderson George Dixon write.

of the neighborhood or shutins of the ward. Help address Church bulletins,

and help in the ward enlistment programs. Keep a list of boys in the

service from the ward and see that they receive Church publications regularly. gaud tffflW

1 7. HELP WITH COMMUNITY

PROJECTS high q*WKM Serve on worthwhile committees pto9'm of the Red Cross, Community Chest,

United Fund, March of Dimes, etc. *,ov,est Poe Take an interest in civic projects in

which you believe and work hard for # cost their development. Ne*s P'ess ot "

y'8. GO BACK TO TEACHING

grapn.graph. Perhaps you were once a schoolteacher. Why not take refresher THe cost'stor 500

into the profescourses go back 75 and ond cents are middleaged per sion? women Many $t750 their wealth just that, with and doing

i i Plus postage understanddeeper experience of and ing, they are making fine teachers, besides helping to relieve our teacher

SM.T.LA "cm. "iw shortage.yj 9. DO HOME BAKING

ViEST THE If you have a knack for kneading TTVa>.-- *SJlrt*iS; 11.:::: loavesup a ofbatchbreadof ordoughrolls, getintothegoldenword

around that for a small fee you will bake fresh bread or hot rolls as desired for mothers in the neighborhood who work. You may be

surprised at how eagerly they take advantage of your offer. Many a

thriving business was started in the home.

Co, now that you have that precious thing called "time,"don't waste a minute of it by feeling sorry for yourself or by measuring it only in terms of years. Look upon the wide

here,field presented of opportunities hanto see and realms further into wideror look Scofield of Youdle havethis onlybeautiful religious and community work, career Bible to appreciate the excepinterests, and soul -satisfying projects, tional quality of the materials and and humbly say, "I also can serve."workmanship. Bound in rich

French Morocco, divinity circuit, with round corners and red under

THE Scofield gold edges. Contains Index, and

Clifford E, Young REFERENCE BIBLE coloredfamous Scofieldmaps in Systemadditionof tonotesthe

SIZES POPULAR TWO page. each references on and

page 147) (Continued from 7-1/16". $13.50 x Size, 133x Handy 4% Inexclusive Oxford's Printed on

$15.50 closure. zipper above, Z-133x as Same de- a life consistent throughout:been it thick. %"is only paper, $16.50 dia Size, 8%". 183x Large x 5% his of his family, service to thevoted

closure. $18.50 zipper Z-183x as above, Same bookseller At your loves country. hisChurch, and He

receivedhis fellow and he has men, Inc., 114 Fifth Avenue, N. Y. 11 return. OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, intheir love and friendship

He has mastered the art of "getting Pu&disders of'tft&.Authorized J(tfng fames JBl6te sum 1675

along with people,"which in itself is a great accomplishment. He remarked to this writer that one of the Crater Lake, with its

things he treasures most in life is jsunbelievablyone of America'sblue water,foreParks National most of of Amerithe people goodwill"the to visit want and Mm scenic in Southern with you'llenjoy Stake"Alpine and Forkcan this year. Oregon

whom he has been intimately associated for so many years.

of the thirties, depression In the the you'll where thenorth end of Utah County,

Alpine Stake is located, was especially remember to of livestock sank hit. Valueshard OREGON no sale low. There wasan alltime

for sheep or cattle; and what few

farm crops were raised were insufficient for the people's needs. On the Sightseeing Thrills await you in Oregon's wide

upper farm lands the drought was choice of cool, green playlands. You'll want

so severe that scarcely any crops were to explore such famous recreational areas as raised and out on the desert sheep the 400 -mile Oregon Coast Parkway... the

Caves... Oregon Na-

... Forests 200perished for lack of feed and water. tionalColumbiaMonumentRiver Gorge... 13 National

There was no work, the economic State Parks. No matter which of Oregon's modand spiritual condition of the people ern highways you follow, you'll always be near ***WiMi;

forests, inviting evergreen snowcapped serious at a low ebb.was Many the on ColumDam, mounMcNary

tains lakes sparkling rivers. Everyone is and and River in Eastern Oregon, bia diffisocial arose; problems it was hydroelectric of several one will friendly Oregon. enjoy family in your

visit. to for installations you of the integrity cult to preserve the this year. Bring camera. your Come

home and prevent moral disinteSEND FOR FREE COLOR BOOKLET gration. The welfare program, as we

know it today, had not been esTRAVEL INFORMATION, Room 227 tablished. Highway Dept., Salem, Oregon

It was during this period of Please send free color booklet to:

Brother Young's administration as Name stake president that every effort was Address.

made to preserve the morale of the City (Continued on following page) Zone.State,

MARCH 1957 185 Clifford E. Young

Only STEEL can do so many jobs so well (Continued from preceding page) people; to help them retain their

homes, farms, and livestock and save them from bankruptcy and financial ruin. In his kind, understanding way

he courageously faced the problems and forever endeared himself in the hearts of his friends and neighbors, who affectionately call him "Cliff."

A nonLDS business acquaintance,

Mr. Raymond C. Wilson, retired

senior vicepresident of the First Security Bank of Utah, N.A., has said

of him: "My close acquaintance with Clifford E. Young dates back to 1933,

the time of the bank holiday. In

order to reopen for business, all state banks had to receive authority from the government. In the case of the

People's State Bank of American Fork, they were obliged to raise considerable funds from their directors and stockholders.

"The burden of the responsibility fell on Mr. Young as executive officer

of the bank. He promptly pledged

everything he and his wife owned as bank—theircollateral forhome,a loantheirto land,save theirthe

summer home, their stocks, everything.

"A bank failure is a severe blow to a man's morale and reputation, and

Cliff's honesty simply would not bow to this so long as he had life. Cliff

worked day and night for months, and finally completed arrangements for a loan which enabled them to

Carry Your Books? reopen the institution.

into almost Walk you'll any school and see row upon "I know of no man in the business of student row steel cold rolled from lockers—made who has ever worked as hard and put

sheets. That's because no other material offers such a deup everything he had to save a bank. sirable combination of strength, durability, and low cost.

Through it all Cliff never lost faith, believing always that he could accomplish his aim.

"My experience with Clifford E.

is that he is thoroughly honest NEW 5-10-4 Formula Young.. Plus ALL elements for better, and honorable. His word is his bond.

healthier, greener lawns! He always goes the extra mile to help FILMS! a friend or to be sure that a deal is

DEVELOPED right. He would not knowingly or

intentionally or inconvenience harm and PRINTED anyone. As far he hasn't an as I know

enemy. I have seen him in situations

in which he could have protected

Coin Send Only himself legally and practically, but

C.O.D.t - No

MONEYBACK GUARANTEE! would not consider doing so because

SAM'SP. O. BoxPHOTO1115, Dept. AALAB suchtrary toactionhis highwouldprinciples.have been conAt Grocery, Hardware and Garden Stores Salt Lake City, Utah

"Clifford Young is the epitome of an honest, Christian businessman."

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In 1936 when the welfare program was launched, the Alpine Stake, For the smaller church or chapel..

under President Young's leadership, to of stakes the early obtain onewas establish forland a the no other organ offers cannery and providing of work and commodities for the people. so much at such low cost!

Tt was in American Fork that Clifford * and his wife reared their family.

Five children were born to them:

Edith, on April 10, 1913, (married to The

Dr. Chauncy D. Harris, September 5,

1940); Helen, August 6, 1914, (marBaldwin

ried to Dr. John Boyd Page, DecemElectronic Organ

ber 28, 1936); Clifford E. Young, Jr.,

April 21, 1917, (married to Margaret Model 45

Louise Bennion, June 21, 1944);

Elizabeth Riter, born April 25, 1920 WITH BUILTIN died August 6, 1934; Miriam, April 2, AMPLIFICATION

1924, (married to Dean S. FarnsOUTPERFORMS ORGANS

worth, November 3, 1948). COSTING MUCH MORE!

Dr. Harris is now dean of the school

of arts and sciences at the University of Chicago; Dr. Page is dean of the

graduate school of Texas A. and M., Compare it for features! Compare it for perCollege Station, Texas. Dean Farnsreadilyformance!see whyComparerhe Baldwinir for Modelprice! 45You'llis a

worth has his bachelor of science favorite for small church or chapel.

degree from UniverBrigham Young fine offers a This exceptionally organ full 61 note manuals, Two full r 25 pedals!

all selection of voices in tone four organsity in is connected agronomy and Sfandard controls! "A - organ

Flute, String Reed. Diapason, and families—Phillips thewith Petroleum 19 stops, fa four independent Company

eliminates special Builtin amplification couplers, selective vibratos! fieldin of soil fertilization. the Clifinstallation standard Baldwin...although

Traditionally fine -At Baldwin toneford, a of bachelor science has Jr., for additional tone equipment be used may quality!

with 45, if desired. the Modeldegree from a master's deamplification and BYU

Consider the beauty and inspiration this fa delivered!As little as $225.00 downthe schoolgree from business Harvard

and is now the cashier for the People's trueices thisorganyear.willWriteaddustoor yourcall yourEasterBaldwinservFINANCING: The Baldwin Piano ComState Bank in American Fork. Dealer today. Let us show you how easily pany will finance your purchase of any

or piano organ. For comquickly and the cherished experiences Among this your church can own this fine Baldwinbuiltplete details of unique ManufacOrgan. Baldwinof family Plan, of havwas that the Young Finance turerCustomer ask your

ing as frequent visitors to their AmeriBaldwin dealer or write to:

can Fork home President and Sister

Heber J. Grant, accompanied by The Baldwin Piano Co., Organ Div., Dept. IE37

members of the family of the PresiCincinnati 2, Ohio

Institutional send Please information on: Home D

45 Baldwin Model Electronic Organ Thedent and his special guests and friends. fattroinPIANOS ORGANS

Other electronic organs built by Baldwin President loved the canyons, Grant Baldwin's unique ManufacturerCustomer Finance Plan,

OF: PIANOS BUILDERS BALDWIN GRAND his of favoriteand pastimes one was SPINET ACR0SONIC CONSOLE AND FIAN0S ORGANIZATION.

HAMILTON BALDWIN STUDIO PIANOSto drive the around Timpanogos 0RGAS0NIC ELECTRONIC ORGANS BY.

SPINET ORGANSLoop, of at ending the the up home ADDRESS.

Youngs. Sister Young had a lovely CITY.ZONE..STATE.

voice, and it was with great pride that President Grant had his daughtersing for his friends. SALT LAKE'S NEWEST HOTEL

These visits were usually characterized by a dinner prepared by

Sister Young. The food was delicious. The hospitality of the home

was unequaled.

One of the many noted guests was

Edgar A. Guest, the poet. On his

way to California, Mr. Guest had COFFEE SHOP and

stopped in Salt Lake City to meet DINING ROOM

President Grant, purchased who had place to eat The in downtown his books, the Presiso many of and

Salt Special Lake City.

dent invited him to stay over a day also available for banquets,rooms and speak to the Brigham Young business luncheons and wedding (Continued on page 189) breakfasts.

MARCH 1957 187 rrsrrrrrrrrrrr K RAIN BIRD Leads i I Where Others Follow.* I {/{/itkin the walls wk em we live

ana worn... ana i

Crr\ Richard L. Evans I

2 I "IVTo other. Rethan any to change or repent day is better I Crr\

in season. are always But * pentance and improvement I

setter irrigation in the For 20 years a pace to special occasion some it seems have to have we 2 sometimes I field in industry, Bird Rain has led the "selfsurvey."exert ourselves to a the seems And New Year

improved irrigation sprinklers. Continutraditionally to offer an open invitation to all to improve and I

ous laboratory and inthe-field research repent. And now from among the many themes that might

assures the performance and reliability suggest themselves, we turn to one possible point of imof all Rain Bird Sprinklers. provement and repentance: Sometimes in the give and take

of life we find reason for much misunderstanding, and for

Invest in Rain Bird, the leader'Also, be anger and annoyance at others—and they at us. And such sure the sprinkler system you get meets

situations frequently lead to feelings of acute offense, and the the American Society of Agricultural Engiclosing up of hearts, and cutting others off, and avoiding neers'standards and fits your requirements exactly. other people as much as possible—even to the point of not

speaking—both in public and in private places. It happens i

Literature on request. with children. Children have been known to walk to the

other side of the street to avoid speaking to a playmate, or I to pretend not to see someone. And others of us, it seems,

I NATIONAL RAIN BIRD grown, not simply are but sometimes children—a little more SALES CORP. & ENGINEERING I

full acting as were. Sometimes always we may know if we CALIFORNIA AZUSA,

well that others have seen us, and that we have seen them, Ii and still go through the process of a kind of pretense that 1 is unsatisfying and insincere. Sometimes even members of

the same household walk in and out without greetings, with- I tone out welcome, and live sometimes at length in sulking silence. I

in the theMisunderstandingswalls where wewithinwork, theor onwallsthewherestreetswewherelive, orwewithinwalk, we never I finest make the pattern of living tense and trying—for

feel the need to ignore another person without placing some tradition penalty upon ourselves. The fact is that we narrow our own

world, we narrow the limits of our own lives if there is any- I one we feel we must avoid, if there is anyone concerning whom we have unsettled feelings of offense. On this subject

we take a sentence from our Savior: "Therefore if thou...

Ct\ rememberest that thy brother hath ought against thee;...

? first be reconciled to thy brother, and then come and offer

thy gift."1 Smoldering resentments and unsettled offenses,

unsettled slights and quarrels, all tend to narrow and cramp I { the lives we live and to shrivel us inside. Literally, we can I

poison ourselves with resentment and pretense. And in order I

to be at ease and to have peace inside ourselves, we have to I i open our hearts, and clear up misunderstandings, and feel I

Worshipful, inspiring tone in free of offense toward those with whom we live our lives I the tradition of the world's and as we do, a load will be lifted, and our world will be great organs for every requirewidened, and we shall be relieved of the tension of pretense—

ment. in every price range. and have a blessed feeling of freedom among our fellow men.

Visit our studio for a tonal demonstration of the Allen iMatt. 5:2324.

.., "the organ that sounds 7

like an organ"Jke J)pohen)DOl?en UwofdWord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE I

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SUMMERHAYS 7 SYSTEM, JANUARY 6, 1957 I

Copyright 1957 MUSIC CO.

21 East 1st South $%&$'?f?$%&'! City, Salt Lake Utah

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Clifford E. Young

(Continued from page 187) University student body. Returning

to Salt Lake from Provo, the party stopped at the home of Brother and

Sister Young, and what was to have been a short call turned out to be an afternoon visit which ended with everyone in the party sitting around the table having homemade bread and milk.

It was in American Fork also that a great tragedy befell Clifford when his lovely wife Edith died of a sudden heart attack on August 20, 1947. At

her death The Deseret News said of her editorially:

"Mrs. Edith Grant Young was a

woman of great faith and accomplishment. From the age of five years

when she made her first public appearance as a singer, until the night Gain a Full Quarter of College Study before she was called home to her maker, she used her great musical With All of the Vacation Extras at talent to cheer and bless mankind.

She has sung at literally hundreds of BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY funerals and church services in American the throughout Fork and of inFULL state. LEADERSHIP CURRICULUM week - A complete WEEK-A

... Sister Young was widely known authorities spiration with of credit possible quarter in 48 Church

for her gracious hospitality and and scholars, June 2428. departments.

friendliness.... Her home was an TIMPANOGOS HIKE - Famous anMUSIC FESTIVAL - Thrilling sumlifetime. series of concerts merlong nual climb, experience of a by finestideal Latterday Saint one.... Edith,

artists, also dance, and drama,

Full of outprogram RECREATION—as she will was affectionately known, lectures.

athletics, the dances, ings, and long be remembered for her lasting scenic mountains nearby for brief WORKSHOPS—Special attention to

achievements as a mother in Israel, trips. practical work in most departments.

and for her unbending devotion to the restored gospel."(Deseret News, CLIP AND MAIL

August 23, 1947.) To: Director of Summer School

Since the death of his wife, Elder FIRST TERM: Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

his to spend has continuedYoung filling for the assignmentstime in June 10—July 12 SchoolPleasecatalog.send me free of charge your Summer

Church and in looking after his business affairs. Almost every Saturday SECOND TERM: Name

and Sunday he attends a quarterly Address conference in one of the stakes, and July 15—Aug. 16 I am especially interested in

he has endeared himself to thousands of Latterday Saints with his wholesome advice and counsel as well as his genuine kindliness.

High tribute was recently paid Cuts Fertilizing Costs

Elder Young by Elder Marion G. Feeds Better! Lasts Longer! Spreads ||, prefer

Romney of the Council of the Twelve Farther! Saves Water! QUIET and he wrote:when

honored with this opporCOMFORT "I am tunity to say a few words about my for restful beloved friend and colleague, Clifford meditation

E. Young. To him applies, as much International church seating with

as to any man I know, Peter's comindividual chairs provides thouthe with of churchgoersment spoken of Jesus, 'he went about sands prefer. comfort they peaceful

doing good.'(Acts 10:38.) Ask for full information today.

"In sixteen years of close association, I have learned of his Christlike nternationalSEAT division of love of neighbor which dominates his UNION CITY BODY CO., INC.

(Continued on following page) Union City, Indiana

MARCH 1957 189 Clifford E. Young

(Continued from preceding page) "My brethren and sisters: I join

life. He gives to the word 'neighbor'you this beautiful Sabbath morning

the wide interpretation implied in the in expressing gratitude for a testimony parable of the Good Samaritan. To of the divinity of this work. As I

pass by one in distress without admindrove up this morning from my home istering assistance violates his very in Utah County, I could not help nature. He has never been known feeling grateful that I had a father

to do so. and mother who believed. My father

"Blessed with a superb facility to (it is his 117th anniversary today) be helpful without embarrassing or knew the Prophet Joseph, only as a intruding, he is a cultured gentleboy however, but his family knew man born and bred. Most graciously, the Prophet intimately, and they loved

he always leaves with his associates him. My father loved him. My

more in substance and kindness than mother loved his name. They have

he receives. instilled in the hearts of us children

"Many are the farm, livestock, and an appreciation of the great work.

home owners who owe the continued They went through times that were rough. Father knew the criticisms possession of their property to his

wise counseling and liberal financing. that had been heaped against the

Prophet, but he knew they were not "Hundreds have been the benetrue, and he knew in very deed that ficiaries of his husbandry. Berries, Joseph was all he pretended to be.

fruits, vegetables, poultry and dairy products, he has produced and carried "I tried to think this morning as I to their homes. Hosts of friends and was driving along, what I would have

acquaintances have feasted at his thought had I lived in the little vilof a in 1820, Palmyra when bounteous in the lage table—particularly to his boy young was to return home days of his beloved wife, Edith.

tell of his great parents the larger for manichapels and churches, and For his friendly "At hospitable canand the of invite comparison homes—we I to festation that him. had.. come. FinAmerica's Conn CLASSIC cottage, reyon have been many tone, est the comCompare Organ. I wondering have would what am the pare the moderate styling—and freshed invigorated. and price other will you amaze No I brother, a thought even been had for! offers so complete organ much

to visits sick the countless and "His at this joyous musical enjoyment six as older years than was Hyrum, to season for years come. and many given distressed unmeasured have in at for demonstration Stop no I believed Prophet. the have Would

still deliver obligation. can We courage. His strength comfort, and I that the for Easter. Conn thought CLASSIC or have would him

aid has ofttimes been substantial. For there was something wrong with the

example, he once called upon a friend boy? But I am sure if I had come

who with his wife was recuperating under that parental influence and in a hospital from severe injuries. had felt the faith and warmth of

Clifford expressed sympathy, love, and those parents who knew, I too would his hopes for a speedy recovery. And have subscribed to his great message

then, unlike most of us who take our and would have believed.

leave with the familiar phrase, 'Well, if there is anything I can do, just let "A mother knows the weakness of those weakshe children; knows said in substance, know,'he 'Now, her SHaunes Music me

else. does She before nesses anyone circumstances I don't -what your know

are them, for which parade we for there not 5a/tate are, but I do me know that C/fy

BLYD.,OGDEN the weakgrateful, she knows but 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY,mmmurrTPROVOj*'2260 WASHINGTON I times needed been have when

money more than sympathy. This nesses, and Lucy Smith would have

may be one of those times in your known whether or not the Prophet, life.'Whereupon he took from his the boy, was telling the truth. She

"And I say unto you, Ask, and it pocket a checkbook, laid it on the would have known whether his messhall be given you; seek, and ye shall table and said, 'I have opened an acsage was one of truth or one of error,

it shall be opened knock,find; and it and she never every asketh count in your name at the bank. Just and she did know one thatunto you. For

receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; draw what you need. We can talk wavered throughout her life; neither

and to him that knocketh it shall be about repayment later.'did the father who stood loyally and

opened."it by the side of the young said "Surely of him, he truly can be—Luke 11:9-10. "Prophet. good.'goes 'about doing

Following are a few excerpts from "It was a fantastic message. It was LEON BROWN sermons he has delivered at the gennot easy to believe. And I try to piceral conferences held in the Salt Lake ture the Prophet as we picture the

5th South - Tenth West Phone EM 4-5544 Tabernacle. He said on Sunday, OcSavior as he stood before Pilate,

Salt Lake City, Utah tober 3, 1954: alone; his disciples had left him, even

190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Peter had said that he did not know him when he was pressed by some iii in in of the rabble; so Jesus stood alone.

In that early day of the history of Wake Up With the World!

the Church the Prophet stood alone;

and yet, think of this great work today. One and a quarter centuries

have passed and here we have evidence of the leaven that was referred to by Brother Morris, small as it was, leavening the lump; and this message

of the restored gospel is spreading throughout the land."

Elder Young has just pride in the Pick up The Salt Lake Tribune from your doorstep, great Young family, which has conand there in front of you is the world, the west—YOUR tributed so much to the Church, and Iritermountain West—and your community. What hapwhose name he bears. In a sermon pened last night in Pakistan is as clearly told to you as

at the April conference in 1946, he what happened in the P-T A meeting at your neighborhood spoke as follows: school. You're a part of the world and a citizen of the

"If I may be a bit personal, my Intermountain West.

grandfather [Joseph Young] with his

You step out on the street knowing that your whole four brothers and their father, joined the Church in 1832. My greatday will be one of awareness, because the world and your

grandfather was then nearly seventy. own neighborhood have been brought to your breakfast

All of these five brothers, with the table in proper perspective, in your morning copy of exception of Lorenzo Young, were older than Joseph Smith, and yet when they came into Kirtland they recognized him as a Prophet of the

Living God. They were men of intelligence; they were men capable of

analyzing the Prophet Joseph Smith and appraising the things for which he stood. They believed implicitly in

him, and when they accepted the truth as it had been taught to them 'U+/ILtl<X/Ut* by the early missionaries, to the day of their deaths they never wavered. All of them were true to the odldea-.

faith."In a sermon delivered on October 2, 1953, he spoke of the missionary family dinner work of the Church:

"Our missionaries do not present once a week a message of a new Church; it is a at themessage of the restored Church. We

do not have a new gospel; it is the

gospel that was preached by Jesus COFFEE

Christ, the same yesterday, today, andforever. Our position as Latterday SHOP

Saints is that we are entrusted with the responsibility of establishing the kingdom of God in the earth, that it may prepare mankind for the kingdom of heaven that is to come. We

feel that there is no greater message that can be brought to the children of men than one that will make men conscious of error and turn them to Hotel Utah the truth. Repentance is a grand Max Carpenter

Christian act; it is not only Christian,

it is divine."Manager

Truly, Clifford E. Young by exam- r,lt,r,l,,,!,,,,Htti t ittttt **

ple as well as by precept is a man whom Latterday Saints would do ******ft** '*&**** ft********rww—

well to emulate.

MARCH 1957 191 Melchizedek Priesthood

16:16.) damned."(Mark And we

better at that. let it go MEN IN STEP buthad he that believeth not shall be

it would has been said that the greatest never trained ourselves to coordinate What a wonderful thing

It invention of all time took place our efforts and work as a unit. be if we accepted the word of the

2,500 years ago at Platea when an Jesus pointed out this common cause Lord at face value and then did what obscure Greek perfected the process of of failure in a group of men in his he said, when it should be done.

marching men in step. When it was day. Each had some excuse. One Recently an article was published

found that the efforts of a group of had to attend to his own business. by one of the popular ministers of

men, having different motives and One was going to be married. Every the world, apologizing for a book he

different personalities, could be orman had something different on his had written a number of years ago in ganized and coordinated to function mind, and consequently each was which he opposed one of the princias one, that day, civilization began. going in a different direction and the ples of the gospel. Greater experience

Certainly, throughout all of human work that the Lord intended could and more mature thought had caused history this quality of "unity of purnot be accomplished. him to change his mind. But for all

pose,"this "consolidated action,"has Many people are potentially capable the intervening years, his philosophy proved to be one of the most imbut miss the goal because they lack and his books have been leading portant elements of accomplishment. unity. Think how much money we people astray, bringing confusion and

When men are not able to unite and spend in America for supervision of disobedience into their lives. Now

work together, then those going in our daily work, to keep ourselves gohe finds that he was wrong, but the one direction tend to neutralize the ing in the right direction, at the right damage has been done and the probefforts of those going in the opposite time, at the right speed. We specify lem has not been corrected, for as long

direction, and the result is confusion hours to start and stop. We measure as he puts his trust in his own opinand failure. work load and accomplishment in ions instead of the word of the Lord,

It doesn't matter very much order to try to control results. A he will probably continue to go off

whether the desired accomplishment government experiment indicated that on other tangents in the future. How

lies in building a business, doing efwhen the boss leaves the job, eightymuch better it would be to trust in fectiveempire—theChurchabilitywork,toormakerunningunitedan foureffort.percentThis ofis unfortunatethe workers relaxand costlytheir hisGodprogram.and march in step with him and

effort is usually the final test of supein our vocations. In a different way it

riority. So important is this quality can be even more costly in our reSometimes the Lord must get pretty

that Deity has described the presiligious endeavors. weary of the discord and confusion

dency of heaven as being "one."(See The Lord has said that "as the when so many of his children trust in

John 17:21.) Our strength and heavens are higher than the earth, so their own whims and prejudices.

.. to obey is [still] better thanprogress also depend upon our ability are my ways higher than your ways."".

to work together and focus our efforts (Isa. 55:9.) It naturally follows that sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat

on a common objective. when he tells us to do something we of rams."(I Sam. 15:22.)

In our day, the Lord himself has may not always'understand why it is We pay money to see a great athset up an organization to bring about necessary, or why it should be done letic team, when the players have the salvation of his children. Each now, or why it must be done as he learned to synchronize their efforts

of us has been placed in some posihas said. And as a consequence, a and play for the team. Then each

tion of responsibility in the Church lot of us get out of step with God and player submerges individual wishes to help work out our own exaltation. the program of the Church. in seeking the welfare of his group.

Jesus prayed for his disciples that Naaman was told to bathe himself Each takes the attitude that "the they might be one, as he and his in the River Jordan to be cleansed of team"and "the cause"are bigger and

Father are one. That is the greatest his leprosy. But Naaman said, "Are more important than individual

possible objective. not the rivers of my own country wishes. We do not like to see each

But sometimes we never learn to better than the waters of Israel?"player trying to show how capable he

work together, no matter how im- (See II Kings 5:12.) Sometimes, like is individually; the thing that we

portant the undertaking may be. Naaman, we figure out reasons to be want to see is a team performance

Sometimes we resemble a team of out of step; for example, the Lord that is effective, and that is what the

horses without a driver, or a team has told us to be baptized by immerLord wants to see. No football team

that is balky, or one that is trying to sion for the remission of sins. Then would ever accomplish much if every

go in opposite directions. This consomebody immediately argues that member carried his own book of rules

fusion may not be because the worksprinkling will do just as well. Or and called his own signals, each havers are not capable, or because they why should one be baptized at all? ing his own objectives in mind and

do not believe in the doctrines of the But the Lord has said, "He that behis own independent procedures for

Church. It may be that we have just lieveth and is baptized shall be saved; accomplishment.

192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Someone said that the greatest conjust have not learned a fundamental are not one ye are not mine."(D & C

tribution ever made to progress came lesson. For each man to make his 38:27.)

from football when someone invented own rules would soon completely deWe have been invited to march in "the huddle."That is when the stroy the effectiveness of an army or a step with God in the process of bringplayers get their heads together to football team, and it can also rob us ing about our own salvation. This

coordinate their efforts so that they of our blessings. proposed unity guarantees a maxican play as one. They are as "men Jesus initiated a program of indimum of accomplishment. What a

in step."This is a great invention, vidual work, illustrated by the parathrilling idea to play on God's team,

and we should use it more. ble of the lost sheep, and in to help to do his work and to coIn the Church, as in the army or in conformity therewith the General Auordinate our minds and efforts with

football, it is necessary for every man thorities of the Church initiated a him in bringing to pass the immortalto know his responsibility and to program for 1956 in the wards and ity and eternal life of man.

carry out his part of the assignment. stakes, requesting that this plan of Think what would happen in any

The Commanderin-Chief may not be personal visitation be the united acward where all efforts were perfectly able to take the time personally to tion of the priesthood in order to synchronized to do his will. We

persuade everyone that the course outbring back into activity those whose would then have his spirit. We would

lined is the proper one. But if the spiritual welfare was being jeoparmultiply our ability and accomplisharmy could not move until every dized. Some responded wonderfully; ment. We would all be going in the

private had given his approval on others made only a feeble effort; and right direction at the right time. "In

every detail of procedure, the army some did almost nothing at all. unity there is strength."If each unit

would never get very far, as there are All usually have many reasons as responded as one man, nothing would usually about as many opinions as to why the work was not done. Some be impossible. To think would be to

individuals involved. The men in an have more urgent things to do. Some act. There would be no "time lag"

effective army must learn confidence say, "I go,"but go not; others don't or days or months or years between

and obedience, not only to march in want to be bothered. Some didn't the impulse and the accomplishment.

step with their feet, but with their understand the program. Some didn't When the Lord spoke, we would anhearts, their wills, their purposes, remember; some didn't care. Some swer. When the President of the

their minds, and their ability. In insisted on playing according to their Church gave a direction, we would

some of the wards and stakes, we have own rules, with their own signals, hear.

not adequately learned this great and at their own pleasure. Conse- "We may not know what the future

lesson. quently, accomplishment in this proholds, but we do know who holds the

In the work of salvation, God is gram in some groups remains very future,"and "to be in step"with him calling the signals and our exaltation near to zero. Jesus must have had is the greatest opportunity of our

is at stake. How much better it would this in mind when he said, "... if ye existence.

be if we always placed our trust in

God and did what we should, when we should, and how we should. We

may not always understand the whys and wherefores; it may appear to The Emerson Ward Mural

some that civil marriage is about as (Concluded from page 151) last week of August I sighed and good as temple marriage. Or we may ize the figures. They are not herocalled an expert to mount my mural

think that Sacrament meeting atically proportioned. in its long reserved place. Only the

or of thetendance the observance finishing touches remained. this of valley, is typical too, The

is very important, or notSabbath day never observer would The casual necessarily a Salt Lake country—not

little athat irresponsibility won't or the imagine innumerable ponder to trees Valley; correspond and the

difference.make much Then when of project. complexities the may He the but intermountain environment

find mistake, out the our wrongwe realize his "finishin part own I never set depict not do area. Thus any

It done. already hashas been been is It for picture the ing"me. my that the present mural hoped would

issaid that late."truth seen too "Hell is belief that painting not comany a desirable, universal concept.

But in addition, we have contributed pleted until it has communicated its of health Last spring the boardto of the discord confusion other and to it has message someone else—until of the half the upper it is difficult farpeople. for condemned For more enjoyed. been

All painting. building I was in which toothers in step are march when we is observer If the happier because

in confusion. tenants would have to leave by Septhe mural lends a little glory to the

A number of years ago the Church tember. room, and if he feels a greater thanksadopted the welfare program, and I began painting furiously—each giving, for the bounties of earth; if

plans of procedure were taken to all morning, spending many afternoons he becomes more willing to share the wards and stakes. But some of on various details. What grasses them with his neighbors; if through

the leaders in some of the wards ingrew at specific elevations? What it he feels, even subconsciously, that

sisted on calling their own signals and butterflies flitted through Utah's ours is a friendly, happy, wholesome making their own rules. And so, autumn mountains. religion, and if his children in loving

even after twenty years have passed, The mural took form rapidly. this painting come to a greater awaresome haven't yet progressed very far, The diminishingglass for producness that our chapel and the world

even in learning the program. These ing perspective in "pulling the picture are God's home and property—then

are wonderful men personally; they together"was in constant use. The my mural is complete!

MARCH 1957 193 II!- ft"to jfera

2i Presiding

Challenging Record

Study Guide for Ward Teachers

March 1957 SOMETHING FOR NOTHING TThe desire to secure something for nothing has caused untold grief and

J- misery in the world in all ages. The "getrich-quick"idea in one form

or another has been used by promoters of schemes and "rackets"of various kinds, to induce people to make expenditures in the hope that they might be the "lucky"ones and gain comparatively large sums of money thereby.

Probably never in the history of the world has this spirit been so rampant as at the present time. The schemes being perpetrated upon the

public have invaded practically every field of business activity. Housewives

are urged to spend comparatively small amounts for products they may or may not be able to use in the hope that, out of the millions of women who enter such "contests,"they might find the end of the rainbow and secure the pot of gold. Albert G. Call III

Young people are confronted on all sides by devices, games, and gambling schemes to induce them to spend money. The amusement field in many JHrom the time Albert G. Call III

also communities has invaded been with "somethingfor-nothing"schemes, * baptized, was 11, 1944, unJune those least and afford it are can frequently who the ones who are attracted til he ordained was a deacon he never in largest numbers.

Any scheme, plan, device, game, or other arrangement that has as its missed a Sacrament, Primary, or motive and incentive the hope of securing something for nothing should be Sunday School meeting. From the

avoided by Latterday Saints. Gains thus secured have, in many instances, time he was ordained a deacon at

proven unfortunate and disastrous. Winners of lotteries, and other schemes, the age of twelve until he was orwhose stories have reached the public, have testified that their winning has dained an elder, he never missed a

not been a blessing. priesthood, Sacrament, Sunday School,

Homes have been broken, mothers and children have been made to or MIA meeting, making a total of suffer, young men have been sent to prison, men have lost their selfrespect, eleven years perfect attendance.

families impoverished have been and many young people started on the The Presiding Bishopric are pleased in road such schemes. life through wrong

Latterday Saints should observe the teachings of our Church -:.ders to commend this young man for this

in this respect. Gambling in any form should be avoided. Such schemes record of unusual excellence. Albert

and plans do not come from our Father in heaven. is presently serving as a missionary

in the French Mission. He is a memINTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR APRIL 1957 ber of the Boise Sixth Ward, Boise

Your House in Order (Idaho) Stake.

We are living in a world of uncertainty. Life itself is uncertain. Wisdom suggests that we should be prepared at all times as far as possible to meet any condition

that may confront us. Our homes should be in order. Is your house in order tendance. His attendance at general

spiritually? Is your house in order physically? Is your house in order financially? conference, stake quarterly conference,

and MIA June conference may also be substituted for attendance at these

No Exceptions to This Rule ceiveaffixedtheto onehis hundredIndividualpercentAaronicseal formeetings.Leaders(ForAaronicdetailsPriesthoodsee Handbookunder

Priesthood Award must attend exactly 21, p. 55.)

Come bishops are still asking for exthe same number of priesthood and This is the only fair and honest way ceptions in the matter of perfect Sacrament meetings as are held in to handle the problem of attendance.

attendance of members of the Aaronic his ward of residence during; the A young man either attends all of his

Priesthood at priesthood and Sacracalendar year. There is no such meetings or he does not. If he does

ment meetings. Various hardship thing as makeup meetings or being not, it is a misrepresentation of fact

cases are called to our attention and excused from attending these meetto place the one hundred percent seal request made for special consideration ings. If on occasion a young man on his award. The ninetyfive and

for those who through accident, illdoes not attend in his own ward, but ninety percent seals have been added ness, or other reason are compelled on the same day attends these meetfor the benefit of those young men to miss one of these meetings. ings in another ward, he is to receive who may through some misfortune

Every young man expecting to recredit in his quorum roll for this athave to miss one or two meetings.

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. PalmerBishoprics Page

Ward Teaching An outstanding example of the inProgram Details for Memorial fluence of sincerity comes from Paul

Dedication to Be Announced Ward Teachers Should when defending himself before King

Agrippa and Festus. At the climax

in April Cultivate Sincerity of his appeal King Agrippa replied:

"Almost thou persuadest me to be

The program for the dedication and rPo be convincingly sincere is one a Christian."(Acts 26:28.)

-*- unveiling of the Restoration of * of the qualities of good teaching. Although a member of a sect unthe Aaronic Priesthood Memorial Sincerity as it applies to the art of popular with both these Roman and

Monument will be detailed in the teaching does not consist of pretense, Jewish leaders, Paul sincerely deApril Era. The monument depicts showmanship, oratory, or high presfended those principles he believed

John the Baptist restoring the keys sure tactics. It is not superficial; it in. While Agrippa and Festus were

of the Aaronic Priesthood to Joseph is free from ulterior motives and is not in agreement with Paul's philosSmith and Oliver Cowdery and is the void of deception. ophy, they were moved by his sinwork of our own great Latterday Sincerity in the process of teaching cerity.

Saint sculptor, Avard Fairbanks. has an unusual way of making itself The sincere teacher applies first in

The monument will be of heroic understood. It needs no explanation his own life the principles which he

size and was made possible by the or apology. While sincerity has peradvocates for those whom he teaches.

voluntary contributions of Aaronic suasive powers, it is not given to The basis of his teaching is a comPriesthood bearers, both senior memargument. It operates in the spirit bination of precept and example.

bers and those under 21 years of age, of friendliness and does not offend. Ward teachers are expected to follow

and in many cases their leaders. Sincerity is a conviction that makes the same pattern. They should add

It will be a source of pride and the heart, the voice, and the counteto their knowledge the noble virtue satisfaction for those who have made nance grow more earnest. of sincerity in teaching.

contributions for its erection to know that their names are enclosed in a copper box in the base of the monument. Six Senior Members of One Family Ordained Elders Same Day

It is planned that the dedication and unveiling of the monument will be part of the annual commemoration of the restoration of the Aaronic

Priesthood in May.

Teachers Should Watch Over the Church "Now tonight I should like to emphasizeteaching—'watchinganother overphasetheofChurchward

always.'"The teacher's duty is not performed when he goes only once a month to each house. I remember

when one bishop made it a duty of the ward teacher to go at once to a house bereaved of a loved one and see what could be done in order to bring comfort to those who were grieving and to make arrangements for the funeral. It is the teacher's

duty to see that there is no want; if

all been good comhave These of men the Tooele Seventh of Tooele Nix. Ward

participated in workers and have munity thereminister—watchingis sickness there,overto thosego andfamiad- Five Nix brothers and a brotherin-law Donald Talmage, Leoid Nix, and Elmer to Stake the Melchizedek advanced were

stake lies contributed and (President and ward always."to many David

9, O. Priesthood on December 1956. They

is projects. result the Their advancement April Conference, General McKay, left to right: are, seated Howard fine Nix, of the bishopric of a encouragement

1956.) Foster Nix, and Thomas Nix. Standing: and ward committee.

MARCH 1957 195 Ida A. Beutler

qA Recipefor in For1956,herSisteroutstandingBeutler 4-Hwas leadershipgiven the 4-H Alumni Recognition Award for the entire state of Utah. She received

the same award on a county level Happy Homemaking earlier in the year, and her clubs have also won several recognitions. Sister

Beutler believes that LDS girls should be encouraged to take some home it be inNecessity makes homemakers of self, and keep up with the many economics training, whether many, but Ida Andrus Beutler other demands as a farmer's wife 4-H, FHA, or in school. But much

of North Logan, Utah, earns the and mother of five. more important than training, she

title in additional ways. She was an believes, is a mother's encouragement

active 4-H girl in her teens and has and help.

taught in the program for seven years. Because her own childhood and

She majored in sewing, cooking, and that of her husband were so full of child development at Utah State and happy memories, the Beutlers do a after receiving her degree taught for great deal of memory building of one year. their own. One of their nicest home

But most important of all, she abtraditions is the "fuss over birthdays,"sorbed from her mother a love for and with it, Sister Beutler's homemakthe home arts. From her mother's ing talents—and her file of recipes

good attitude, as much as from any get a real workout. She also has a

learned skills, has come her enjoyment of homemaking.

From all indications, Sister Beutler is passing this same good attitude on to her own daughters. From the

oldest, 15, to the youngest, a 3-yearold, they know their way around the kitchen like experts. (Norene, 7, for

instance, doesn't like "mixes."She

wants to measure everything!) Because the girls help their mother

with the cooking and housekeeping,

Sister Beutler has been able, in addition to serving as Relief Society president, to teach 4-H, sew for herFor a circus party at the Beutlers, the centerpiece is a colorful clown birthday cake. An ice cream circus wagon pulled by cookie animals stands nearby, and each

guest has his own clown cupcake and parsleytailed sandwich horse.

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA knack for the artistic, and this also is evident in birthday preparations. Qhth&t tntaJUzinffIstItzCJrust/ Each daughter, on her even number birthdays, entertains in the home.

Annette, for example, when she turns twelve in April, will choose menus for all meals, decide what kind of cake she would like, and sit in a special birthday chair. She will give a party

for her friends, choosing her own theme, and this theme will be carried through decorations, games, favors, and refreshments. Mother and

sisters will help.

Sister Beutler's fresh fruit ice cream, cream puffs, and razzle dazzle are among those birthday treats which have been asked for again and again.

Fresh Fruit Ice Cream

2/4 cups sugar 3 eggs, well beaten 3 lemons, juiced 1 orange, juiced 1 #2 can crushed pineapple 2 cans evaporated milk \y2 quarts milk l/2 cup heavy cream Add sugar to eggs and beat until well blended. Add fruit juices and Humpty Dumpiy &n a; Dish

minutes. 8 for 350 F. Stir at in milkpineapple. evaporated and oven in Bake CRUST bake—or Fill and YEASTRIZ"brown. not stiff Do untilfresh milk. cream Beat heavy crust store use. To to ready until shortstore 1/4 in cup Stir milk. cup in Scald foil. Hold in ice in Freeze into mixture. foldand wrap and teastack cool, and sugar Vi tablespoons 1/36 3. ening, Makes days. 1-10 refrigerator Measure firm. freezer until until lukewarm. Pack tocream salt. Cool spoon water. hot) (not warm cup bowl into quarts. serve. 4 about toready Makes Filling compressed for Eggand-Pepper 1/4lukewarm to (Cool Fleischcake or package 1 in eggs yeast.) Add cooked hard sliced 5 Place compressed. or dry active heat Yeast, low mann's Dazzle Razzle Over Candy Crust. "YeastRiz"milk in lukewarm Stir dissolve. Margarine. to Stir Bonnet Blue cup melt cups 1 and Vz egg beaten 1 tablemixture, 2 thoroughly blend 1 flakes 1/4and corn quart Add smooth until Beat Hour. salt, enriched teaspoon sifted 1 flour, enriched spoons sifted cups 1 rice krispies additional quart 1V4 teaspoon in an Stir /4 and pepper il teaspoon rise Let Knead (about). flour milk, cup enriched add Slowly salted Spanish peanuts mustard. cup % dry hours. 1 l/2 about Vz bulk, in mixture doubled until keep to constantly stirring pieces. 1 into 3 coconut shredded divide cup and down; thickens Punch sauce until Cook smooth. Press circle. 10inch into alternately each Roll 1 sauce sugar cup Add smooth. satiny is edge Press pan. pie 9-inch cheese, into firmly American grated 1/2 cup with slightly 1 syrup 1 corn dark with cup Brush fork. and of pepper tines green with chopped tablespoon 1 crust decorate (To white. to egg egg pimiento beaten milk cup chopped tablespoon 1 ofY2 cutouts small or braid oven thin moderate p?ace in Bake crust. in slices vanilla teaspoon egg with Brush rim. around Makesy2 minutes. dough 1520 for 350 F. at bulk, in doubled until rise Let white.) servings. 4-6 fork. with Prick minutes. 20 about of the corn inside Butter bowl. Put

flakes, rice krispies, coconut, and peanuts into the bowl and mix thoroughly.

later. for use drippers,Butter two flat crust with heavenly taste and in A cornPut sugar, milk syrup, and ffsaucepan and cook to a very firm but texture only yeast can give,

F.) (236 stage. ballnot hard When

says Mrs. Robert Cheatum, prizewinning cook ofthis starts to cook, it will syrup a have

curdled appearance. Stir to prevent San Bernardino, California. "It's got a delicious,

flavor that blends perfectly with the zippy different cerealsticking. vanilla, over pour Add

filling. eggand-pepper And can imagine—you bake mixture. thoroughly.and nut Mix

fill ahead, then crust days in and the brown minutes.

into into pans. butteredSpread Cut

try the it yourself—and crust with make "Do

it cools. beforesquares

Fleischmann's, the yeast prizewinning cooks depend on.

the use dry handy the cake yeast—or like yeast / do. Use

Relief Society of her Because work shelf the It rises on for months and keeps always fast."

is freSister Beutler her training,and quently called upon to help with

Church and community dinners and other entertainments. At the last ward GET THE DRY YEAST Recipes for other main dishes with

party where she was asked to bring cup IN THE NEW a "yeastriz"crust (pizza, too!) on the

cakes, Marie, three, followed her and "TRIPLEFRESH"PACK back of every "Thrifty Three."Look

for the recipes you buy Fleischwhenthe tray of chocolate chip cup cakes

Yeast. Active Dry Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc. mann's

(Concluded on following page) MARCH 1957 197 Happy Homemakiiig How to (Continued from preceding page) enjoy deluxe right into the kitchen helped and her- "fountain"sundaes self. eight, aftertold Janet, Mother

ward how hard she had tried to get at home with succeeding. one, without

Chocolate Chip Cup Cakes ToumeX&ide l/2 cup shortening toppings % teaspoon salt 1 cup sugar 2 eggs So good for babies 2 cups enriched flour 2 ]/2 teaspoons baking powder...that Special % cup milk

l!/2 teaspoons vanilla

Morning Milk 1 package chocolate chips

Y2 cup maraschino cherries, drained

So easy to digest, Special Morning and cut

Milk is the only evaporated milk Combine shortening, salt, and sugar.

especially developed for babies... Blend well. Add eggs one at a time,

beating after well each addition.

like sundaes make a fountain Sift Now prothe only evaporated milk with extra flour baking and powder together. Add fessional - the Pride Big, Towne way!

Vitamins A and D added in the flour mixture to creamed mixture alterluscious, mouth - watering sodas and nately with milk (to which the vanilla sundaes that are a dream to eat. Towne

doctors believe best to help amount Pride Toppings easily, do so it for you—has been added). chocolate chips Add

simply. ice five serving Makes cream cherries. Fill and cup cake cups promote teeth sound bones and and one timesso enjoyable. five as in delicious Comes

full. half 425 at F. for Bake 15 minflavors: chocolate fudge, strawberry,

build resistance to disease. butterscotch, utes. pineapple, Frost chocolate fail with syrup. icing""never and

top each cake with maraschino cherry.

Ask your doctor about Special Yield: 12 cup cakes.

Morning Milk for your baby! Never Fail Icing TouineXIJride

1 cup sugar r CLARIN GIVES MORE ]/32 cuptablespoonswater white corn syrup KITCHEn CHfiRm

FOR YOUR SEATING DOLLAR!!/4 teaspoon cream of tartar WAXED PAPER

More Comfort, Longer Life eggBoilwhites,togetherstiffly3 minutes.beaten. StirPouruntilinto of2 KEEPS FOOD

Assured Through spreading consistency. Add desired FRESHER LONGER!

CLARIN Engineering flavoring.

Patented rubber feet molded Her fruit punch is another favorite.

over brass plated prongs wear times longer many can't accidentally drop out.,.. Fruit Punch

will never gouge floors.

Easily removed if required. 1 pint water

1 cup sugar seats Wood have a 2 cups pineapple juice "neutral"temperature.,

won't conduct away 1 cup orange juice body heat. Wood

is physiologically, "softer"than steet.!/4 cup lemon juice

Fiveply hardwood won't Boil sugar and water together. Chill. dent or bend.

Add pineapple juice, orange juice, and

X-type frame is enough lemon juice to give desired tartin superior strength ness. Garnish with cubes of ice, spearto cheaper Y-type

design... is selfmint, and slices of lemon or orange.

leveling and wilt absorb extreme shock. Makes \y4 quarts. Seat safely may upon. be stood

Sister Beutler determined as a girl

SAVES YOUCLARIN MONEY THREE WAYS! that

1 Loneterm economy backed by an unrivalled ten year guarantee! she And shedidn't—shewould nevermarriedmarry aa farmer.sales-2. Less storage required space as Chairs fold CLARIN

completely within their own frames! man. But he was a salesman with

3. Saves two out of every five storage trucks! farming in his blood, and many times

during their first months of marriage in waited the car while Wallace WITH MILLIONS POPULAR felt the soil crops at the looked and... OF HOUSEWIVES CLARIN j Depl.MANUFACTURING65, 4640 W. HarrisonCO. St. she

I Chicago 44, III. along the highway. A year after their AT ALL LEADING GROCERS

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wedding, they bought some farm land til thick. Cool and add eggs. Cook

and built their own home. And today, 3 or 4 minutes longer.

Sister Beutler, as well as her daughters MOKI MACwho drive the tractor and help with Dressing other farm jobs, enjoys farm life.

On a farm, where appetites are keen, 2 loaves bread, cubed and in a home where cooking is given y2 teaspoon pepper such careful attention, there are likely 1 teaspoon sage to be "anytime"favorites. Wallace has 1 teaspoon salt

his, Diane, Annette, Janet, Norene, and Y4 cup onion, grated

Marie have theirs. A favorite with all y2 cup celery, diced

of them is Sister Beutler's goulash, and 1 teaspoon parsley it is a dish that is equally good warmed 2 eggs, beaten over and served a second day. Quick 3 tablespoons butter COLORADO RIVER

milk( easy to and prepare, it has been served 2 cups approximately) Do not EXPEDITIONS at several make too moist family gettogethers.

Yampa—Green—Colorado

Toss lightly together. Place layer of San Juan

Goulash dressing in baking dish, then layer of Season: April Through Sept.

1 medium package noodles chicken,three layersthen ofbroth.each,Continue,and endmakingwith RATES FOR ALL MIA

l!/2 pounds ground beef broth. Bake about 40 minutes at 325 GROUPS

1 large onion, diced Explorer Scouts—M-Men

l/2 square butter Special Interest Groups 1 green pepper, diced GrapefruitGingerale Molded Salad THRILLING!

BREATHTAKING!

1 can tomato sauce 2 envelopes unflavored gelatin EXCITING!

2 cans tomato soup y2 cup cold water "An experience in a different 1 pint corn 1 cup crushed pineapple world."

lA cup nippy cheese Va cuP sugar For information and reservaSalt and pepper Dash salt tions call or write:

Dash paprika MALCOLM ELL1NGSON

Boil noodles in plenty of water. Light- 1 cup canned grapefruit 968 James Court

ly brown onion in butter. Lightly brown ]/3 cup pecans, broken Salt Lake City, Utah

beef in onion mixture. Mix all in- 2 cups gingerale, chilled EL 5-7308

gredients and bake in slow oven two hours. A few stuffed olives may be Soften gelatin in cold water. Drain

added for special occasions. pineapple, reserving juice. Add enough MAIL COUPON

to pineapple juice to make l/2 Two chicken dishes—chicken a la king water liquid. Heat to boiling point and GRIND FLOURand scalloped chicken—are among the cup

top choices, as is her grapefruitginger- add all other ingredients except gingeruntil ale. Chill cold, it but not untilale molded salad. AS YOU starts to set. Stir in gingerale. Pour

ring quart mold. Chicken a la King into Chill until set. NEED IT! lettuce bed. on Unmold

Y2 pound sliced mushrooms If Sister Beutler knows she is going The Secret

Y4 cup butter to be especially busy around mealtime, of a 5 tablespoons enriched flour she takes 15 minutes early in the day to Truly 1 cup chicken stock whip together a pink velvet pie. It Nutritional

iy2 cups light cream takes no cooking or baking, and is a Bread is 1 teaspoon salt tasty, light dessert that is ready whenFreshly y% teaspoon pepper ever the family are. Ground

2 cups diced, cooked chicken Flour

Pink Velvet Pie Brown in mushrooms butter. Add Your mill household stone flour own grinds 16 crackers,flour graham crushed fine blend. and Gradually with flavor. superb chicken add LEE Get a Household

Electric Flour Mill. flour your as 4stock tablespoons butter, and cream. melted over Cook low heat bake. you Assure, familygrind of your. honest an

until smooth and thick, stirring con- 1 package strawberry jello load!

stantly. Add seasonings and chicken. y2 cup hot water AutomaticEconomical PortableElectric

cup lemon juiceHeat through in Write today shells, and serve for prices—free recipes patty food and y4

facts. sugar cupbread cases, cups, timbale or over introductory Save on rice. y4 offer, send coupon below

for 5-lb. choice order or moneyServes 6. 1 tall can condensed

it's milk, chilled withpackage—stonecheck the ground shipped. day

icecrystal for whipping LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY mmm Scalloped Chicken 1 teaspoon lemon rind, grated—. mm.i—Milwaukee,*———Wisconsin w M—

Lee Engineering Dept. IE-2 Company,

3 cups broth Mix crackers with butter and line a 2023 W. Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee 1, Wis.

.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.50 3 pounds chicken meat 9-inch pie plate, saving about l/4 of

l/2 cup flour mixture for topping. Dissolve jello.... Wis. -Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. only $1.00

l l/2 teaspoons salt in hot water. Add lemon juice and Name

4 eggs, beaten until light sugar and let stand while whipping canned milk stiff. Combine the two Street

Heat broth. Add flour and cook un- (Concluded on following page) City State.

MARCH 1957 199 Happy Homemaking

(Concluded from preceding page) mixtures and continue whipping until

rind and pour over cracker crust. Top Every salad deserves stiff peak is formed. Fold in lemon

with remaining crumbs. Chill about

three hours. Serves 6 to 8. Other

flavors of gelatin may be used for variety.

Sister Beutler sews for herself and for her daughters still too young to do it for themselves. Of all the home

arts, she seems to enjoy this one most.

Learning to sew, she feels, is a part of our welfare responsibility, as every

LDS woman should be able in an

PRAISE... the new QUALITY emergency to sew for her family.

dressing which delights those who Before becoming president of the prefer mayonnaise AND those who North Logan Ward Relief Society prefer salad dressing.

more than two years ago, Sister In PRAISE the very finest ingredients are blended in just the Beutler had served as a counselor in right proportions to produce a the stake Primary presidency, as a dressing that's delicately, delightward chorister and organist, Primary fully flavored. stake class leader, and had taught in

Once you've tried it, you'll have all of the Church auxiliaries.

nothing but PRAISE The Beutlers cannot imagine trying to raise their children without the

NALLIY Good on Church. They recall President

VALLEY sandwiches and seafood, too! McKay's philosophy that children are

guests in the home, there by invitaIf it's NALLEY'S... it's Good! tion, and it is on this belief that they

KJERJAKOBSEN DESIGN/PATS. PEND. base their weekly home evenings, family traditions, and emphasis on happiness in homemaking.

JKJBjKJfeJfeJBIBfcftBSnSIBJ JMBSfflMEIKESr I* "Bring Me Your Tears

by Florence J. Johnson

i "i Friendship is precious. There are

many degrees of friendship, and the friend we prize the most is the one who welcomes us when we are F in trouble.

Can a friend come to you, tired, frustrated, despondent, knowing that he will receive sincere sympathy and help? "Bring me your tears,"is the offer of true friendship.

"Come unto me, all ye that... are

heavy laden,"says the "Good Book"-—the same offer in different words.

Do you go to Him in prayer when trouble is weighing you down, when 268 TABLE/ 177 CHAIR /415 CHINA BUFFET tears are waiting to be shed on a comforting shoulder—tears of sorrow,

In of joy? tears of repentance, tears

furniture dining sculptured metal receive will sympainstance each you me guidance. attention thetic and DEPT. STORES ACROSS THE NATION AND AVAILABLE AT LEADING FURNITURE

VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO., Los Angeles 45, California What better friendship can there

"GOVERNMENT IS FORCE AND SHOULD BE WATCHED LIKE FIRE"- George Washington be?

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ihad fussed and fumed, making quite an issue over the matter. A

few days later, I realized that my emotional display was uncalled for.

Everything worked out satisfactorily. Many of the incidents I laughed Clabber Girl's

It was time for some introspection. about. Over some, I blushed. Had modern version of

Too much I and myself. I, a grown woman, been irritated by

How many times, just recently, had that?

I fretted about minor matters, or even "How silly can one get?"I mutmajor ones, only to discover later the tered.worry had been needless? A few had been grievances and $10

still I felt grievances! were But now

times over had I fumed How many of capable more handling them inYield: 2 dozen buns

floors, errands,forgotten mudtracked discussing oball- them more sifted cups teaspoon salt 2 Pior wet towels "hung"on the bathtelligently, purpose flour tablespoons 2 of jectively with the the members teaspoons 23"Clabber sugar floor?room

family. Incidents written in black Girl Baking Powder yi cup shortening.

teaspoon 1 I ground }/% currants cup succumbed had many times How presented imwithout and white and cinnamon 1 egg to of display impatience? an excessive ground J teaspoon cup milk Yi irritation patience or to the proved

How many times had I indulged family that Mother did have cause for allspice Milk for glaze in thoroughly unlovely "martyrdom"? her complaint. Sift together flour, Baking Powder,

Definitely it was time to act before Hide your troubles in a Trouble bowl.spices, Cutsalt,inandshorteningsugar intountila mixingmixthe family staged open rebellion. Box, and forget them for a while. ture resembles coarse crumbs. Blend

currants. in together Beat egg and in a slot I hunted up a box, made

all "Out of sight, out of mind"—rememmilk at and add to once indrythe cover, sealed the and lid down, ber? gredients. lightly Stir fork, with a

placed it in a drawer. enough to moisten the flour. the exjust box open you and When

gently Knead about on. lAallminute Whenever contents, will the find a personal tantrum amine that you lightly floured board. off Break

(I a quick temper),loomed do have pieces of in. dough 1 about inches fed of your K by troubles—not diameter. into each a ball. Form firmly take in myselfI would hand, died of malnutriresentment—havemany lightly Place on greased baking write incident,go off and up the and will survived few that sheet. have tion. The milk. with in Brush Bake a

slip the folded paper into the box. lost their bristling aspect and become 450 F. (very hot) oven 12 to 15

A month later, I chose a quiet afteramenable with reason. minutes.tioners sugarWhileicing,warm,formwitha crossconfecoil

noon to check my Trouble Box. Fussing—fuming—fretting top of each bun.

How time changes one's perspecHide them! Lock them up in the

tive! Trouble Box!

Remember it's the fresh ingredients In

We Walk By Faith thingsyour homebakedtaste better, stayrecipefreshthat make {Concluded from page 163) We part with parents and children, begin moving toward the great sea wives and husbands, brothers and out of which they were taken! That sisters. We leave father and mother

is all there is to death, unless men—but how long have they been fathercommit the unpardonable sin, unless and mother to us? Perhaps for longerw

they crucify the Savior afresh, by twentyfive, fifty, or sixty years. That ''DOUBLE ACTING

denying the Holy Ghost, that reveals is the full length of their parenthood.

him, by throwing away and trampling But what about the Eternal Father eternal after truth the heavensupon claim they Mother? and no Have GIRL CLABBER tohave us? been opened should them return and not they upon we Why EXCLUSIVELY NOW KNOWN AS

of of to the glories thehave tasted world relations them, the and resume THE BAKING THE WITH POWDER to come. No soul that believes in of previous life? This knowledge, BALANCED DOUBLE ACTION

Jesus Christ and keeps his commandthat comes from the possession of the ments need fear to die. It is nothing Spirit of God, takes from death its HULMAN AND COMPANY

but a return home. sting and robs the grave of its victory. TER R E INDIANA

MARCH 1957 201 lo Be A King

(Continued from page 159) in the occasion an opportunity to nocence, and which was gone forever disaster to their plans. David's welembarrass him, it would not be overfrom the older woman.

come, therefore, was particularly oslooked. However, he was not preDavid was still standing, and Herod

tentatious, and he was urged to minpared for the sudden and impulsive made a gesture as if to stop the dance gle with friends and acquaintances step which his opponent took. Zebuuntil the speech was finished.

while his hosts greeted other newly lon announced with illconcealed tri- "By no means,"the young noblearrived guests. umph that David Hyrcanus would man insisted. "Proceed with your

David was attracted by a magnifirespond to the toast, "Long life and plans; I can speak afterward."

cent garden made more colorful by higher position to the matchless Thus encouraged the damsel began the tints of the departing sun and Herod."the rhythmical motion. She was

further enlivened by the lights, freshAll eyes were turned instantly upon graceful, voluptuous, and enticing, ly trimmed, shining through the open the young nobleman, for his aspiraand as she passed from table to table, windows and doors of the palace. tions were well known, although they the applause which greeted her was

Stepping out of the house, he were not yet publicly announced. overwhelming. Each time she indistood unexpectedly in the presence of David had always prided himself cated a desire to retire, there were

a man and a young woman. The on his quick and decisive nature, but such vociferous acclamations of deman was Zebulon. The girl was a in this instance he hesitated for a light at her performance that she was

winsome creature, and the exquisite moment. With a winning smile on forced to continue until, through

coloring left by the setting sun on her tawdry but still attractive face, sheer exhaustion, she withdrew from surrounding hills, plains, and flowers Herodias came coquettishly to him the room. Himself highly pleased

could not surpass that of her dainty and laid her hand appealingly on with the dance and inexpressibly face. She gave the impression that his shoulder. gratified by the comments of his

guests, return bade and Salome Herod in lovingher spent days been had will will respond, "You you not?

told her to ostentatiously whatask loved. scarcely beingand Though sake, other."Do, if for no for my to the soever have, even she would girlhood, there fromemerged was

about her the look of a woman who Thus importuned he arose to his half of his kingdom, and he placed could meet life's problems with courfeet. To those who knew him, the much emphasis upon the word kingage and determination. determined look on his face indicated dom. Flushed with pride at the

David was about to withdraw a dangerous purpose. Truly it would numerous compliments which were

apologetically, but the girl so clearly be a serious matter to violate the showered upon her, she asked for expected Zebulon to observe the laws rules of hospitality by stating his honpermission to consider the matter of courtesy and bid the newcomer reest opinion of their host. But he firmfor a few moments before making

main that Zebulon could not do otherly believed the welfare and indeed her choice.

wise. David was introduced to the the liberties of an entire people were David was prepared to resume his

young girl, Ruth, who manifested rein the balance; and the people inspeech but waited for an invitation.

lief that her interview with Zebulon volved were his own, the chosen race The guests arose from the table, and people. He must rebuke the he and some of his followers wenthad been thus opportunely termi-—God's

nated. Her companion, on the other usurper. into the garden where they discussed

hand, could not conceal his annoy- "Honored Herod,"he began, then the unpleasant position in which they ance at the interruption. paused a moment seeking suitable had been placed.

Soon these three with the other words in which to clothe the unpalThe friends considered the advisguests were bidden to the feast, the atable truth. His indignant eyes met ability of leaving the palace in a

splendor of which surprised even those of Zebulon who had arisen to body as a protest against the treatDavid, accustomed as he was to the assist Herodias to her seat. Eviment accorded them; but the majority,

display of wealth and grandeur. Nor dently the pair felt they had carried including David, felt that such a

was the real purpose of the celebramatters too far, for they began a course would be viewed as a retreat tion left long in doubt. Speeches whispered consultation. David, acin the face of difficulties and would

referred to the magnificence of Herod customed to having people hang upon give encouragement to Herod's supand extolled his fitness to govern, not his words, was piqued at the lack of porters.

only in the comparatively narrow courtesy, though pleased to have an Gradually they were joined by sphere which was his by reason of additional moment in which to asothers of David's sympathizers. One

being tetrarch, but also in a higher semble his thoughts. of them asked:

position and one in which he would The excitement caused by the "Did you hear what Salome asked find a wider field for his incomparstrained situation was eased by the of Herod?"

able talents. entrance of Salome, Herodias'daugh- "No, what was it?"

Zebulon was directing the affair. ter, who, at a signal from Zebulon, "The head of that barbarian, John,

David watched him narrowly, for it glided into the center of the room and known as the Baptist."

was apparent that his natural anibegan to dance for the guests. She A few of the group were amused;

mosity had been augmented by the was a young and captivating creature, more were indignant.

unintentional interruption in the with all the beauty of her mother and "I have heard that Herod has had garden. David knew that if this man, something more, for she had not enthis man illegally imprisoned in the

his lifelong enemy, now smarting untirely lost that which in a young fortress of Machaeverus because John der the sting of jealousy, could find girl surpasses all else, a look of inrebuked him for his incestuous rela202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tions with Herodias; but surely Herod

would not dare to add murder to his other crimes!"It was David who

spoke. "The tetrarch was aghast,"continued the man. "Perhaps his conSAVE

science did not play an active part, but his cowardice did, for though many of those present laughed at theunusual request and were anxious to with the FINEST see the promise fulfilled, it was apparent that some were offended bythe suggestion."NEW ALLWEATHER

"Was no protest made?"

"No word was spoken, but Herod was keen enough to sense the opposiMotor Oil tion. Zebulon felt it necessary to

come to his wavering master's assist- a feeling that a failureance, to keep SAVE so publicly bepledge given would fatal to all their interests. He extolled Gasoline

Herod's tenderheartedness, but said—up to 2 extra gallons

he carried it to extremes. He must from a

adopt some of the sterner qualities tankful of gasoline of his illustrious father, who did not permit members of his own family tolive if he deemed it necessary for the SUPERgood of the land to slay them. 'This SAVE

fellow John, so uncouth in dress and Motor Oil manner,'he went on to say, 'is a—up to 88% moremenace to us all, preaching sedition

as he does and attacking the charmiles per quart acters of those in high places.'He

insisted that all love their country who girl's request themust approve and SAVE demand to see it immediately granted. Your Motor

The applause which greeted ZebuIon's speech gave Herod the courage—eliminate valve

to call some of his officers and give lifter rusting them the order for the execution."

"You mean to tell us that this crime has already been ordered?"Available

David asked. in 44 States

"Ordered and doubtless executed ere this. While I was still in the

hall, the officers left to carry out Cive your cor the tare it deserves at Utoco dealers their instructions."

"Did you not protest?"where you expect more end you get it

"What I am here to couldnot—I do?help you,

something must be done to "But a hideous murder!"prevent such Both Books Again Available WON'T BURN LAWNS

Exclusive formula feeds lawns SLOWLY! attracted to the banquet were They

lasts all season! One application

hall and THE A. B. C. of MORMONISM: by some new excitement,

entered in time to see upon a golden platter the head of the man who had The Mormon Missionary's dared call the world, including the Message proud Herod, to repentance. Written by Aubrey J. Parker

Herodias was fiendishly gleeful. Converted Methodist Preacher

"I am avenged,"she exclaimed triPopular Pocket Size—Hard Backs

umphantly. "And thus shall perish Sent To You For One Dollar EACH

all who raise a voice against the Postpaid mighty Herod."Apply to

David strode wrathfully forward. ELDER AUBREY J. PARKER

His bearing attracted instant attenSanta616Barbara,West CarrilloCalifornia (Continued on following page) MARCH 1957 To Be A King

(Continued from preceding page) before the tetrarch, whose gaze, de- m tion, and there was a deathlike silence fiant at first, fell before the other's in the hall. "I was interrupted in stern eyes. The cowering ruler bemy speech earlier in the evening but came a hateful sight. Every eye was

shall finish it now."focused on the commanding figure of

American upholstered chairs Like an avenging king he stood the speaker.

with pew ends offers Seating American *i r*N ri p*js r<: r rir s>mprr<r 8 comfort and dignity

U yy I in church furniture I For comfort, dignity, and quietness in Oil evt I

Seating seating, choose American church

chairs. offer beauty upholstered They and Richard L. Evans I

durability, correct posture; are adaptable I?

trite expression that there to the I rows. are always often curved hear 2 We churches buy American Seating 1 sides subject. to a that More quarmakes two And one thing

products than any other make. If you are 2 rels and misunderstandings and differences so difficult to

planning to reseat, remodel, or build, write 1 settle is that so often there is some right and some wrong on I us in detail about your seating requirements. 1 both sides. And a person who is mostly right is so close to I

AMERICAN himself that he could fail to see that he might also in some I

SEATING Cm degree be wrong. And seldom is a man so wrong that he I

Dept. 169, Grand Rapids 2, Mich. 1 cannot convince himself that he is at least partly right. The I

WORLD'S LEADER IN PUBLIC SEATING most flagrant offender can always rationalize, and can always go back to some supposed previous provocation and come up with some kind of case that offers some little comfort to his I "BANQUETMASTER"conscience. (It is one of the signs and symptoms of our I

THE NEW! ALLNEW i times—and perhaps of all others also—that men try to abTABLE FOLDING BANQUET

DESIGNED FOR TODAY! solve themselves from their own sins by blaming others, sometimes going far back to find the supposed cause of their I

i conduct.) Furthermore, even when we are right in our facts, I

i it is possible to be wrong in attitude, wrong in arrogance, I wrong in appearance, wrong in making a false impression I possible. And with all of our being human, with all of our I

I being fallible, with all of our being subject to making misteachers, children, the offenders and the of-

L.D.S. the takes—parents, workmen. by West Made in

all of all being our opinionated, with and Banbuy, ycompare you BISHOPS—Before fended—with of I

for material of quality and quetmasters to so our seeming sure of be side of our a subject, there own of design. Low beauty workmanship, I

in lots of or more. 12 cost—only $22.66 appeal comes that sent an to his to mind Cromwell opUnlimited Guarantee I

battle before ponents the appeal which may inspection. sent for table your Sample of Dunbar—an I collect 4390. or telephone Write all of well at least give us momentary pause: "I beseech

think you 3 All it possible that you be mistaken."CO., INC. D. H. LOOSLI may

&*\ Idaho Falls, Idaho i misunderstandings, men. in.. all (and other matters) in many

should consider seriously, sincerely, whether or not they I &*\ might be mistaken. There are some eternal truths with which I

y SKIN there is no compromise, but there are also shaded areas of I PROBLEMS? opinion and preference in which a man might be wrong. I troubled with rough, dry, Cr> If you are

scaling or itching skin or are an adolesAnd as to both the offenders and the offended: It is to the I

cent skin given with troubles and have of us to do of each and all advantage what we can to clear I thinking despair, product up in no would to clear the misunderstandings, clouded atmosphere up skin, relieve or heal then your you owe up

it places, private to try in to heart yourself every H and home, and in public and and OINTMENT. & M $ I

this druggist Your healing has marvelous to relationships other all our with open make and men 1 will ointment gladly refund your I and fair honest, to take the have and and if we if reare not with pleased money you forthright—even I

is sults. It to use, odorless if pleasant and a little to go have maybe halfway—or we first step—even I skincolor. I

it "I possible that more.... think beseech you be you may 1

mistaken"1 in judging other men—and in judging many I i matters.

i SATISFY. ABSOLUTELY TO GUARANTEED Quoted in Unpopular Essays, Bertrand Russell. I I

Get order it atHyour from drug4Mstore, or I temple FROM SQUARE Jkc Spoken Word I i & H LABORATORIES PRESENTED KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING OVER 151 13, 1957 NEPHI, EASTM NORTH, 2ND SYSTEM, UTAH JANUARY I 1957 Copyright 1 oz. 2 oz. - $1.25 - $2.00 I I POSTPAID

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Herod, there is still one voice which dares raise itself against youand your damnable crimes. Here in Growth unlimited

your palace and in the presence of your friends who buzz approvingly about you as flies about filth, I denounce you as a cowardly murderer, as your father was before you! Because of your iniquitous acts, you will

writhe under tortures a thousandfold more acute than this poor fanatic suffered."The painful silence continued for a moment. Then the astonished

ruler, trembling with anger and fear, sprang to his feet and called for his officers. Before they could reach his

side, the overwrought Salome, who was about to present the charger with its hideous burden to her mother, let it fall to the floor with a crash.

The head rolled to the very feet of

Herodias, and the accusing eyes offered a final rebuke to the terrified woman. She and other women

screamed, and Ruth, who was trying to reach the door, was about to faint when David caught her in his arms and, defying all who would hinder him, carried her into the fresh night air. {To be continued)

Make Approach to House Spring Quarter

Friendly CLASSES START MONDAY, MARCH 18 by Louise Price Bell Comeand latestto LDSprofessionalBusiness Collegemethodswhereare individualizedcombined to instruction,give you highestmodern marketoffice equipment,value on your training.

"fc To matter how small your home is, HySpeedGregg ShorthandLonghand FederalIBM Key TaxPunchAccounting shortProof IBM Bank Electric \ it can look friendly to the passerWIDE SELECTION OF Stenotypyhand) {machine Standard Typeand "Ka. by. Steppingstones that you and BUSINESS SUBJECTS: Accounting:Office MachinesIntroductory and Pluswritingmany others

the children may have picked up Advanced from the creek bottom may give the above effect if laid in a curved, gracePHONE ful angle from the street to the frontdoor. A picket fence always looks BUSINESS COLLEGE EM 3-2765

friendly, and if roses are climbing all 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITYover it, the friendly appearance is 111 increased tenfold. A low wall is ADDRESS1000 PERSONALLABELS $1

1 lines to 4 neatly printed in ofpretty front a house but look can in black; gold border. GumPAY WE labels In med pads if {'/2xl% bit cold, soa one, $16 plant have you

in.) PLASTIC 1NCL. BOX for only 59 time. Save Protect belong- \ at of side low bush eachsome the

ings. For envelopes, checks, Lincoln Pennies in books, tools, to relieve wall the toys.opening records, the

Linfor $1 Send a for 1000 ppd. 5 $1 Any

effect. If (to coln cent ofbarren the album the orders, house $4. man Guaranteed.

is adept at wiring, small lanternPromptBruce Bolind,delivery.30 BolindWrite holdFill theyourspacespennies).with

like lights on each side of the walk Bldg., Montrose 10, Calif. COMPLETEdatej shownalbumin album,and receivereturn

or path, atop the wall, will look (total$16 by$17).returnSaveair mailotherPLUSsets $1worthbackhundredsfor albumof

hospitable and are a fine safety dollars!Send $1 Allto:informationBYBYMAIl,sent P.withO. 1stBoxolbum.488

touch, too. Whether your fence is DRINK Dept. F-64 HEMPSTEAD, I. I., N. Y.

brick, stone, redwood, grapestakes, or picket, the whether is conwalk IDEALS GOSPEL ftcq A delightfulcrete, flagstone, cinder, or steppingfor hot beverage those By President David O. McKaystones, overall the sure look make coffee. don't drink who

is that of friendliness. AT YOUR GROCERS p4UU at your bookdealers

MARCH 1957 205 Strengthening The lie That Binds

(Continued from page 167) So important was the message de- "before the coming of the great the history of Babylonia, Egypt, livered to Joseph Smith that night and dreadful day of the Lord"Elijah

Greece, Rome, and of the civilizations that the heavenly messenger came to would be sent to "do the turning,"or once to be found in the Western him three separate times before the as Elijah himself put it to Joseph hemisphere. morning broke, repeating each time Smith, "to restore the keys."But for

But the Lord, through his prophets, what had alreadv been said; then he Elijah thus to return as promised

held out a promise. Through the lips came once again for the same purpose would of necessity require a heavenly

of Malachi, the last prophet in the the following day in broad daylight. manifestation, something transcendOld Testament, came the promise of The ancient record thus revealed ing ordinary mortal experience, for

another chance, that before the great to Joseph Smith was translated and Elijah, having departed this life even and dreadful day of the Lord's judgpublished to the world before the before Malachi spoke, could not rement he would send us Elijah the Church was organized on April 6, turn save in some such miraculous prophet, who would turn the heart 1830. The promised return of Elijah manner.

of the fathers to the children and the himself took place in 1836 in the Can it be possible that it is time heart of the children to the fathers Kirtland Temple. At that time for the world to reevaluate its

"lest the whole earth be smitten with Elijah stated to the modern prophet: prejudices against the possibility of

a curse."heavenly visitations? Should the statefully the Behold, has time come, which did Elijah that Smith, ment of Joseph still this are lookday To the Jews

of of spoken by the Malachi was mouth to the keys and gave visit to him of Elijah, foring that return testifying [Elijah] sent, return should that be he and at one of their ceremonial feasts before the great and dreadful day of the these important happenings, be rethey keep a vacant chair for him. But Lord come examined? No other claim of such

he has not come back to them. He To turn the hearts of the fathers to the a visitation has ever been made; yet

fathers, children to the and the ancient the of Malachi prophecyhas, returned to another children, however, earth a with be smitten lest the whole to the prelude it an important makes of Israel.branch of the house curse

One evening in the year 1823 a Therefore, the keys to this dispensation fulfilment of his prediction which is young man named Joseph Smith, not are committed into your hands; and by now being fulfilled before our eyes.

yet eighteen years old, having gone this ye may know that the great and dreadAnd significantly, concurrent with to the heavenly manito his room for the night, while ful(Italicsday ofadded.the LordIbid.,is 110:1416.)near, even at the door. and subsequent

praying, was visited by a heavenly festations to Joseph Smith, more being who introduced himself as a It cannot be denied that Malachi progress has taken place in delving messenger sent from God. This mesmade a definite promise: Before the into the past than in all recorded

senger told the young man many day of judgment the prophet Elijah history before that time. And the

progress is being made by the peoplesthings and quoted extensively from would come back—and for a purpose among whom the "keys"were rethe Old Testament. Two of the—in the words of the heavenly messtatements he made are important to senger, to "plant in the heart of the stored, the peoples of the Western

our immediate purpose. One was children the promises made to the civilization.

that there was a book deposited in a fathers,"as a result of which "the Is all this without significance?

hillside, written on gold plates, giving heart of the children shall turn to The Rosetta Stone, the key to anan account of the former inhabitants their fathers."Isn't that exactly what cient Egyptian hieroglyphics, was

of this land and also containing the Mr. Brier sees is happening in the discovered in 1799 by Napoleon's

fulness of the everlasting gospel as Western civilization? soldiers, but it was not until 1822 that

the same was delivered to those inOne cannot dismiss Malachi's words the French scholar, Champollion, habitants by the Savior himself. This as meaningless. They not only have succeeded in deciphering from it the

book was itself a message from the the authority of the Bible back of first eleven letters of the Egyptian past. them, but they also go to the very alphabet—the first proof that Egypt

The second was the messenger's root of the present world's sickness: had an alphabet. From this, after

quotation from the Prophet Malachi If the hearts of the children were not more time and labor, he was able to indicating the time was nearing for turned to the fathers "the whole decipher the entire Egyptian alphaits fulfilment, the part significant to earth would be utterlv wasted at his bet, and thus he "opened the way to 1our purpose, quoted by him with [the Lord's] coming."As Mr. Brier the recovery of a lost world."

some variation from the words as puts it, "If our civilization is to live Of the work of this great scholar, they appear in Malachi 4:5-6, being... it must know about itself."who accompanied Napoleon on his

as follows: It should be clear to all who really campaign to conquer Egypt, Mr.

Behold, I will reveal unto you the Priestseek to understand, that Malachi Durant says:

hood, by the hand of Elijah the prophet, beforesaw our present dilemma some fore the coming of the great and dreadful 2,300 years ago. ChampollionNapoleon camereturnedback emptyhanded,with all Egypt, pastbut Lord. theday of

And he shall plant in the hearts of the Now, if the substance of Malachi's and current, in his grasp. Every generachildren the promises made to the fathers, message is thus verified through being tion since has discovered new civilizations

cultures, farther has pushed and and hearts children turn shall the the ofand is to fulfilled, to there reason any frontier doubt orfarther back the knowledge of man'stheir fathers.

of it, as to the other part should how it of his are development. There not many it so, the earth not were whole would If

be utterly wasted at his coming. (Italics be accomplished? He said that bethings finer in our murderous species than

added. D & C 2:1-3.) fore these things should happen and Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage, 145.

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this noble curiosity, this restless and reckless passion to understand. 2

Was it mere coincidence that achievementChampollion's was con- (m Efcto b visithe heavenlytemporaneous with tations to Joseph Smith wherein he FROM TABLE QUEEN BREAD was told Elijah was about to bring him the "keys"to the past? The

great archeological work of digging into the past and the great finds in

Egypt, Palestine, Assyria, Babylonia, and in the Western world have all been after those keys were restored.

Mr. Durant sees a great purpose

in "this noble curiosity, this restless and reckless passion to understand,"and with conscious irony he contrasts It tastes better...

the fruits thereof with the fruits of toasts better... is

the murderous rapine of a Napoleon, betterbecause it'sfor RICHyou, A GLASS OF MILK the continuation of which would IN MILK. IN EVERY LOAF

utterly waste the world—as predicted

by Malachi. Enriched

And Mr. Brier has sensed this also. with Vitaminsand I rem Salt LakeROYALCityBAKING COMPANYOgden

Without professing to understand the why, he sees the great value of knitting together the past and the present; he sees an impelling force is

bringing this about, a force strongenough to transcend the differences of GOSPEL TRUTH political parties and bring together Discourses and Writings such men as a Truman and a Hoover, a force strong enough to impel the of spending of millions of dollars in PRESIDENT GEORGE Q. GANNON

digging in faraway places for treasures more substantial than mere gold. A Prophet of God

Latterday Saints know why. They Compiled by Jerreld Newquist

see all humanity as one big family all the children of God. They see standingPresident ofCannonthe gospelwas anof ApostleJesus Christ.for overFewfortymenyearsin theandChurchhad a everremarkablehad as undermany

war and hate and greed and lust of their discourses published, and here for the first time is a valuable compilation as the evils that have divided that from his numerous discourses and extensive writings. This volume will bring to the

family. They see a divine plan reader some of the finest material ever compiled. Those who read this book will

for the salvation of that family find it to be a very important source of Gospel doctrine and truth. Price: $3.75

through eradication of these evils. With Illustrations

They see that this may be done only AVAILA3LE AT YOUR LOCAL BOOK SELLERS OR through the strengthening of the tiethat binds the human family, past, ZIONS BOOK STORE present, and future, into one united 65 EAST SECOND SOUTH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH whole. MAIL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY

2Ibid., p. 91. Italics supplied.

ILL WIND Your Bookdealer has.. OPERETTAS

Complete and Accurate By Marian Schroder Crothers Costuming For All Occasions.

with prying fingers, dawn,Qince the wind, Gospel S. L. COSTUME at thickets; snatched Had

Tumbled weeds along the fence rows. 248 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah

The long, flat wastelands felt its tearing maliceAs it flung dust clouds wide across the sky Ideals

With weird, triumphant screaming. Selections from the

itIts RANCHES strength measured MONTANA Discourses of States Western Other peaks, the massive mountainWith - TRADE SALE AlsoOR to frailer turn, defeated, things it backTo PRESIDENT 10,000 DAIRY ACRES 40 STOCK OR OR knew.

listings free sent request. Property on DAVID O. McKAY destruction, sated dusk, withAt

It fled to river, the sanctuary among the trees along $4.00 COOKHamilton, REALTYMontana

Murmuring softly in gloating reminiscence. (L.D.S. Owned and Operated)

MARCH 1957 207 YOUR PAGE

FAMILY MEMBERS RECEIVE HIGH AWARDS You are doing fine work with your magazine. We all enjoy the

timeless sayings of the Lord's servants. God bless them and

yours, always, when you do the right things in the sight of our

Heavenly Father, and his Beloved Son, Jesus Christ.

Sincerely, William H. Parkin

Paso Robles Ward, California

Dear Editors, Just a short note to tell you how very much I enjoy receiving

The Improvement Era.

I am only eighteen years old and have been in the Waves since

June of 1956. While in Boot Camp, I did not receive the Era

because I was only going to be there for a short time, but since then I've looked forward to having it sent to me. So far, I've

received the November and December issues and haven't yet been able to read everything in them.

I've always been active in the Church and am an Honor Bee, riuRiNG the recent MIA conference held in connection with the Miafor sixJoy,years.and SilverSo, naturallyGleaner. afterAlso,arrivingI receivedat anBainbridge,IndividualI Awardlooked

quarterly conference of the Bountiful (Utah) Stake, three memthe branch up.

ofbers received received awards. Parker a family high Joyce MIA

It this in of Church. I'm very has meant proud membership myher Gleaner brother her her Golden while husband and Roy

it to last before did in the ever than months seven when more me fulfilled received All three Master awards. misJack have Man award,M is I this feel gospel. true This at that the home. and I was knowsions. All forces. three the in served the Seen have armed

it is I It has testimony, growing bear and been and humbly. my left right: are to Iraphotograph Superintendent Stake inYMMIA

developing day. by day Parker, Parker, Jack Trump,Newsome, and Joyce Roy YWMIA

Stake President Leone Newton. The true meaning of this gospel started coming to me the day

I received my patriarchal blessing. I guess I've always known

that this is the true Church but have never really admitted it.

I've seen it work its wonders through the priesthood in my family many, many times. I have had my prayers answered many more

times. Neither did I ever realize the true meaning of prayer

Dear Editors: until just lately.

Dermit me to thank you for writing the generous and kindly artiSister Leone F. Watts

cle about the fortieth anniversary of my coming into the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.

I deeply appreciate the sentiments expressed, and the association all greatwith publish the brethren magazine and sisters who my MOSCOW, IDAHO, YOUTH ARE ACTIVE the has so throughoutwhich for good Church and much influence elsewhere. 'The LDS Institute of Religion, at Moscow, Idaho, was estabSincerely your brother, lished in 1928 by the Church to provide a center of activity

Stephen L Richards for our students attending the University of Idaho. The Student

Branch, which is organized similarly to a ward, has a membership of approximately 375 and is one of the four largest religious groups

Ft. Sam Houston, Texas now at the U. of I. The branch has an active MIA, Sunday School,

Dear Editors: priesthood group, missionary organization, and a women's organization, institute of students. wives and formed members by women to receive very pleased I"was your card informing me that I am

priesthood latter meeting. during organization Sundays meets This to receive again. once the Era

left clerk are: right of the to picture, Larry In the Moore, from

field in the mission in the Zealand While Era was always New Director Institute F. Davis, S. Tanner, George branch; President Lon

a investigators good companion, very to help and a our good way presiin counselors Banner, Earl the branch Hinckley, Keith and get a wider scope of the work done by the Church. It was always dency.

a source of knowledge and inspiration. And it was something I

was always anxious to receive each month.

Since being released last July, I haven't enjoyed the Era as I would have liked because most of that time I have been in the armed forces.

Pvt. H. J. Scott

Escondido, Calif.

Dlease renew our subscription to The Improvement Era. It has

been a source of good news and wonderful uplifting reading.

From the habits of reading the Church publications we are lifting our standards at home so much the higher.

It would be very hard to thank you all for the efforts you have put forth to bring joy into many lives through this magazine.

Thank you sincerely, The Mullett Family

;=-.'',!:; mm%Mmz WwSMMmitM. Sllllllllill

INI OURS 208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FIND OUT WHY WE SAY "IT'S PERFORMANCE THAT COUNTS!"

A gasoline that makes the most of today's higher horsepower!

Phillips 66 FliteFuel is the first and only gasoline with the added superaviation fuel component Diisopropyl. It

has what you need to get top performance from today's more powerful high compression motors.

Not only new cars, but older cars, too... will benefit

from this high performance gasoline. You'll enjoy easy

starting in any weather with FliteFuel. It offers lively,

quiet acceleration... good mileage... positive antistalling. No other gasoline provides the combination of

high performance components you get in today's FliteFuel. Fill up at your Phillips 66 Dealer's, and bring out

the best in your car!

Phillips Petroleum Company.HAPPY FAMILIES DOIT-TOGETHER

This month we thought you might like to meet It will be a family decision when they buy that our Beneficial "doit-together"family. That's Steve dog. And it was also a family decision when they

(age 7) in the center (the boy the new pup has went over their insurance program with Roy Johnchosen as his very own). Mom is holding little Susan. son, their local Beneficial agent, and decided on

... the one that givesJimmy (age 12) is just kibitzing. And Dad, as usual, that new Family Income Plan

is paying the bill. so much protection at such low cost.

This is a typical Beneficial family... with many There's a Family Income Plan exactly suited to your

of the same interests and problems as you who read needs... to the size ofyour family and your income.

this series. Individual interests vary widely, but the Why not let your Beneficial Life agent tell you about it

whole family usually finds an afternoon or evening soon? Or, ifyou prefer, write to the address below and

each week to do something together—like today's ask about "Family Income Plan."

doghunting expedition.

BENEFICIAL LIFE 'Mufamce ompimu

r Salt Lake City, Utah 47 West South Temple \Q/

David O. McKay, President