American Inheritance

DR. ELMER G. PETERSON

Champion Brothers PROF. H. R. MERRILL

1. Spirit of Mar Vista

preston d. richards

Depleted Soil Means Depleted Citizenship dr. thomas l. martin

quetzalcoatl alton c. melville

Stories—The Magic Cord—

Folly's Remedy >-..-....J ll *,. f..,.......,,.!..,.-..,. stella p. rich—m. e. peterson

.. i.. i j. i

SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES OFFER SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1ST

FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

link's Oldest Continuous Mercantile House

High Ideals From the day of its inception, this firm has been guided by high ideals of business conduct: To build solidly, with the future ever in mind

To make a friend, or strengthen a friendship, by every transaction

To regard this business as a public service—not merely as the bartering of

merchandise To remember always the priceless value of a good name

To do our share in the upbuilding of a community

To retain the personal touch—to have the same interest in every customer, when we

are big, that we had when we were small

To insist on quality, remembering that no price is low enough to justify inferior goods To give our patrons always the advantage of large selections in all lines of merchandise To be conservative in our ADVERTISING and modest in our claims

Remember you /fifftV ESTABLISHED 1857 frth&oZS. (fC0}DlNWOODEY*S EYS VjX "GOOD FURNITURE

IVHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NEW COURSES IN WINTER QUARTER

Knowing that many prospective students are unable to start their year's educational work in the autumn, and knowing also that these same students are able to start their work in January,

The University of Utah

has wisely provided for the Winter Quarter to start January 2.

High school graduates who have never attended the University before, former students who were unable to return, and mature people desiring additional educational will have the work—all

advantages of starting work at that time.

EXTENSIVE CURRICULA

A large number of courses will be available for the beginning student, in practically all of the departments. The heads of the

departments and the deans of the schools will be glad to advise beginning students as to recommended courses.

School of Arts and Sciences School of Business

School of Education School of Law

School of Medicine School of Mines and Engineering

Extension Division

For information, address

THE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IUPROVEUENT ERA

The Home Puts Sunshine In The Heart"

10 Sends it Home DaynesBeebe's HUGE SAVINGS Great On Every Kind of Harvest Festival Musical Instrument SALE

Brand New Brand New Brand New New and Used

PIANOS PLAYERS GRANDS RADIOS You would scarcely exWhat a world of pleasure A beautiful brandnew Most complete line in the of find a pect to piano like member EVERY baby grand at a price the West—Majesties this selling get could the family under from

$300 or $350 figure one of these fine Playeryou'd ordinarily expect Atwater Kents—Crosleys

but you can get one durPianos! Get one during to pay for an upright.—Brunswicks—Amrads

ing this a this sale at sale at figure $187—R C Every hopes home A's—all someSteinites—it sends within of and home, that's $10 $8 \'z have on easy terms. We to a grand. lot size price, ol day full with with own a a beautiful

duet. bench.to match BRANDNEW word rolls Here's your chance. good EXCHANGED radios

case. of your own choice. as low as

Easy $ Terms 187 $283 $357 $49 FREE DELIVERY IN SALT LAKE OR VICINITY OR FREIGHT PAID TO ANY R. R. STATION IN UTAH.

| An Organ for the Ward? Gall or Write for Catalogs I

DaynesBeebe Music Co.

Band and Orchestra "Older Than The State of Utah"Phonographs

Instruments Sent on Records 'FREE TRIAL. 61 to 65 South Main Street, Salt Lake City SheetPlayerRollsMusic

Catalogs FREE. Catalogs FREE.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

DECEMBER, 1928 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor MELVIN J. BALLARD, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Crowd which Heard President Grant's Dedicatory Prayer of the - Frontispiece MAR VISTA CHAPEL

The Old Merry Christmas. A Poem Alice Morrill 89

The Great American Inheritance Elmer c. Peterson 91

THE REAL TROUBLE - Frank Herbert Sweet 98The Dixons—Champion Brothers Prof. H. R. Merrill 99

- - Orson Rega Card 102GOOD MORROW. A POEM

The Spirit of Mar Vista. Illustrated Preston D. Richards 103

Some interRelations Between Religion and Economics

Dr. Max Haenle 107

A Depleted Soil Means a Depleted Citizenship Dr. Thomas L. Martin 1 1

QUETZALCOATL - - - Alton C. Melville 122

PARABLE OF THE RHONE. A POEM Octave F. Ursenbach 126

The MAN OF NAZARETH - Hon. Milton H. Welling 127

Folly's Remedy. A Story - M. E. Peterson 129

THE MAGIC CORD. A STORY - Stella Pugmire Rich 1 3 3

RECREATION George D. Kirby 138An Interesting-.....-Group 139

- - - 140Messages from the Missions. Illustrated

Editors'Table—Professor George Careless - - - - 152

THE SACRAMENT. A POEM - - - Theodore E. Curtis 153

President Grant's Birthday - Henry Smith 154

Priesthood Quorums - - - -155 If Man Would Understand. A Poem - - Ida R. Alldredge 156

Mutual Work - - 157 Passing Events - - - - - 173

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; $2 per annum. Address; Room 406 Church

Office Building.

EMENTS

Dr. E. G. Peterson's article on "The subject, "Depleted Soils,"from a new

American Inheritance"is not only inangle. In a country where agriculture

spirational, but it contains much inplays so important a role as it does in teresting and valuable information. this Rocky Mountain region, his article

Patriotism is one of the most desirable will be read with much interest.

characteristics, and after reading this In no other community in the world one is sure to feel that we live in a land are so many people, old and young, "choice above all other lands."It will called upon to stand up and speak in

awaken higher ideals and a deeper love public as in this Church. Frequently

of country and its institutions in the boys and girls not far advanced in their hearts of all who peruse it. teens have this experience. This duty

A Mother's Tribute, written by a is placed upon them in the quorums non-"Mormon"woman in the East to and organizations and later on as misthe mother of a missionary from Utah, sionaries. All desire to do their best.

indicates that the courage and devotion Herbert B. Maw, of the General Board

of our elders make a deep impression and an acknowledged authority on the upon honest hearts, even though the subject, gives a splendid lesson on listeners may not at first be attracted "The Delivery of Speech"in the M by the doctrines of the Church. Men Department of this issue. We

In the concluding chapter on the commend it to the careful attention of "Interrelations between Religion and all our readers. Even experienced

Economics,"Dr. Max Haenle presents speakers will find much in this lesson

the views of a trained scientist on what which is helpful. And while special

he has found among the "Mormons."attention is called to this article, all the

We have made no change in his manusuggestions made by the various descript, preferring to give to Era readers partment workers should be carefully the doctor's own views and in his own considered.

words. Even the most orthodox When the manual, "Captains of InChurch member will hardly find a dustry,"was issued, an excellent arthought in this presentation with ticle on Herbert Hoover was omitted.

which he seriously disagrees. No one could question his right to be

The marvelous achievement of the placed among this outstanding group

Mar Vista ward in the Hollywood of leaders of men, he having had at one stake, California, indicates what can time 175,000 employees under his be accomplished where a few people direction; but the political campaign

unite in vigorously attacking the task was on at the time the manual was before them. It seems almost incrediput out, and the General Boards of

ble that a ward of fewer than four M. I. A., desiring to avoid even the

hundred people could erect and pay for appearance of favoring a particular such a structure in less than five candidate, decided to postpone pubmonths. lication of this article until after the

Elder David H. Huish, the missionelection, then to present it in the Era

ary rescued from the illfated Vestris, whether Mr. Hoover won or lost. The

has written for the Era an account of article was prepared by Sister Mary C.

the sinking of that vessel and the loss Kimball, and is a splendid account of of his companion, Elder Keith W. the man who is to be our next presiBurt. His article was received too late dent. The first installment of this

for this issue but will appear in the article will appear in the January numnext. ber and it will be concluded in Feb

Dr. Thomas Martin approaches the ruary.

The Old Merry Christmas

I am thinking, dear friend, this bright Christmas

Of my morningof-life, and of you.

I remember the sunny old homestead,

And the chum that in childhood I knew.

Wherever your steps may be straying,

I pray that your skies may be clear;

And I wish you the old Merry Christmas,

And likewise the old Happy New Year.

I am hoping, while lifeyears are passing,

Just to know that your feet have proved true

To the straight, narrow path to that haven

Whose radiance our infancy knew.

And I want to know that your cares, old pal,

Have been lightened by love, shining clear;

So I send you the old Merry Christmas,

And I wish you a Happy New Year.

In the hurry, the rush, and commotion,

That have caught us and crowded us through,

Remembering comrades of long ago,

My thoughts, friend, are turning to you;

And it seems, on this Christ's natal morning,

That your presence is hovering near,

So I wish you the old Merry Christmas,

And I greet you with Happy New Year.

Tcidell. Utah Alice Morrill

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXII DECEMBER, 1928 No. 2

The Great American Inheritance

By Elmer G. Peterson, President Utah Agricultural

College HE American republic is the immediate offspring of European civilization and the inheritor of much that has crystallized from the worldold upward struggle of all humanity. We areT

the recipients of many of the weaknesses of the old world and yet embody ideas and ideals seemingly impossible of realization in Europe or elsewhere. I am conscious of the fact that it is customary, particularly in what is sometimes called intellectual circles, to condemn

America and point with pride to the beauty of other parts of thi'world. There is a school of nearintellectuals who try to make almost

everything in America ugly. They glory in discovering odd and

abnormal or diseased features of our life and in the name of literary freedom or realism exposing and prodding about in these sores, revelling in the very ugliness and odor which they uncover. But while

these people occupy considerable attention they probably will give way to more creative and enduring thinkers who try to record the charm rather than the ugliness of life. America embodies many

praiseworthy features in her political and social life which she has inherited from the past or developed out of her own experiences.

There are, indeed, so many that it is difficult to say off hand what the great American inheritance is, what is of greatest importance that her children inherit as a result of their fortunate birth on her soil.

There is the item of natural resources which has given to America the privilege of extraordinary industrial development. This is a

tremendous force in our advancement and many would undoubtedly name it as the great inheritance. America, with only 6 per cent of the

world's population, now produces 50 per cent of the world's resources in basic products of iron, steel, copper, timber, cotton and oil.

It is estimated that we are now producing 55 per cent of the world's iron ore. 55 per cent of the world's pig iron, 66 per cent of the world's

steel, 5 1 per cent of the world's copper, 62 per cent of the world's petroleum. 43 per cent of the world's coal, 52 per cent of the world's

timber output, 65 per cent of the world's naval stores, 42 per cent of 92 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the world's phosphate, 80 per cent of the world's sulphur, 63 per cent of the world's mica, 62 per cent of the world's lead, 64 per cent of the world's zinc, 60 per cent of the world's talc soapstone, 45 per cent of the world's barytes, and 55 per cent of the world's cotton. We

now have 50 per cent of the world's railroads, 75 per cent of the world's telephones and telegraph, and 90 per cent of the world's automobiles. This marvelous store of products has made possible the

development of engineering and of mechanical power to a point unheard of previously in world history.

Taking land as a basis of individual opportunity, the following table indicates the overwhelming advantage possessed by the American citizen in comparison with other citizens:

Pec Capita Wealth in Land United States 16 acres India 1.9

Ireland 4.6 Italy 1.7

France 3.1 Japan 1.7

Germany 2.0 Great Britain 1.4

Belgium.9 Such wealth of course may become, if improperly used, a mere expression of our vulgarity. A nation cannot ascribe greatness to

natural resources. Here, however, is a strong and incomparable

physical foundation upon which greatness may be erected. And this

can be said for land, crops and mineral wealth; they provide for a

properly nourished population. Well fed and well clothed people

are, one would think, more likely to think and act normally and intelligently. National sanity is not so likely to obtain with an

impoverished people. While we would not wish to designate natural

resources as the great American inheritance, at the same time such resources should rank high in our classification of blessings.

Free education is assuredly one of the important American inheritances. Our social and political system is based upon the idea

of universal education. Every young man or woman, no matter

what the social or economic status of the family, is encouraged to secure an education. In order to guarantee a certain equality of opportunity, attendance at school is made compulsory up to 18 years

of age. Books are free in most states and busses are provided out of

the common purse to carry children to and from school when distances make such transportation necessary. Colleges are free, many states

specifying that there shall be no charge for tuition. Entrance fees

only are required. In American colleges the state spends from 200

to 500 dollars, and even above this figure, in certain technological work a year upon the education of each student. The fees required to enter these schools vary from fifty or sixty dollars up to

1 50 or 200 dollars for general education. Thus the state and nation

deliberately levy taxes in order to give even higher education to the

THE GREAT AMERICAN INHERITANCE 93

youth who render themselves worthy of it. The movement to make

the recipient of higher education pay substantially the cost of the same is not receiving very enthusiastic support in America. Free education is one of the most deeply rooted of our conceptions and we

shall depart from it very slowly.

Geographical and political isolation has been one of the major blessings of America and may be called an inheritance of great value.

Previously in world history the English Channel served to protect

England while the nation built up its liberties. Later, when transportation practically overcame such minor distances, the Atlantic

ocean served us in a similar way. This isolation protected England

and later the United States from physical disease and pollution and equally from political and social contamination. Fast steam ships,

the cable, radio, and the aeroplane and dirigible have now almost eliminated the Atlantic as a barrier. Yet it has served its purpose to protect American institutions until they developed sufficient

strength, it is hoped, to protect themselves. Our developing civilization has been a migrating one. Indeed, development seems to have

necessitated new areas. The pioneer who has carried out with him

many of the finer attributes of which life is made up, which threatened periodically to be suffocated in the regions which had established themselves, may in this important sense be thought of as one of the saviors of civilization.

One of the great American inheritances is freedom. Freedom,

as now in mind, does not mean the license to do anything one desires.

There must be rules and regulations for the guidance of any orderly government, community, group or institution. Freedom in this

negative sense consists in the right of any person to withdraw from the society whose rules he or she does not approve.

This may be called the age of freedom. Many of the old restraints are removed. Reverence has measurably disappeared for

things once thought sacred. Religious authority, except that of the

inner conscience, has largely broken down. Political authority has in

measure broken down. Kings and priests who once ruled the world

no longer do so. Documents, such as the Constitution, which were

once, and still are by many, considered almost holy are now frequently ridiculed. Respect for age has weakened. Conduct based

upon the idea of freedom is now frequently so loose as to be a menace.

The respect which once was gallantly accorded to women has in part disappeared. Marriage and the family relationship is in jeopardy

because people are construing freedom in terms of utter license.

America, however, is dedicated, beyond recall, to freedom in all its legitimate forms. We must survive or perish as the result of the

exercise of it.

Freedom, in a political sense, may be said to be our national 94 IMPROVEMENT ERA birthright. "We hold these truths to be selfevident that all men

are created equal and endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, among which are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness"may turn out to be the holy of holies in political literature. It

has almost taken its place with holy writ. There are suggestions

in modern psychological research that the statement that "men are created equal"is more literally true than we once thought. It would

be a remarkable thing if modern science should prove that the founders of the American republic were as correct in a biological and psychological sense in their statement as to human equality as they were correct in respect to legal rights and opportunity. How many

thousands of years it required to destroy the idea that men were not free and equal, it would be hard to say. Certainly it required a long

time for men to demonstrate their right to think and act as they chose, limited only by the effect of their action upon the welfare of others.

The story of the kings is one of the pitiable stories of history. The

defense of the Divine Right of kings for thousands of years drenched the earth with blood.

It would be fruitless to have political independence without economic freedom. To be spiritually subservient to a boss is as bad as

to be subservient to a king. To be rendered impotent because

of our economic servitude is to nullify our political freedom.

For many years it was thought that the vast accumulations of capital in a few hands would produce this economic slavery in America. Apparently quite the opposite is happening.

The workers themselves are coming to own, to a large extent, the corporations for which they work. This, in the opinion of Professor

T. N. Carver, of Harvard, is probably the greatest actual revolution

now taking place in the world.

Then there is social slavery and slavery to tradition. England

with all the glory which is justly hers because she is the author of the

Magna Charta and other great contributions to freedom, nevertheless has by custom stratified her society into hard layers of servants and those to be served. The English servant is by social usage taught his

place and no encouragement is given him or his children to rise above it. America, on the other hand, has no unbreakable horizontal stratification socially or in any other way. We recently had the choice of

a blacksmith's son or a former New York newsboy for president of the United States. The American social conscience is in some

ways the most powerful impulse in America. Millions of each generation of our youth have at their mother's knee and in the school

room been deeply impregnated with the ideal of social justice. It is the

American passion; the American voter will deliberately vote it to his

own economic injury.

America has won the war for religious freedom. We no longer

THE GREAT AMERICAN INHERITANCE 95

question the right of any man to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. In achieving religious freedom many

think we have eliminated religion. I do not think so. Coercion

is unholy in any form in which it attaches itself to the human conscience. "Kingcraft and priestcraft have been the twin evils which

mankind has been forced to conquer."* The question of the right

of a religious officer to dictate the nature of the belief of another has caused incalculable bloodshed and suffering. America made such an

assumption forever impossible, at least within the confines of our own country. The religion of Jesus Christ as we are able to discern it in

the Gospels is the religion of freedom. Jesus never sought to coerce

the human mind. His bitterest criticism was of those Pharisees who

thought that religion consisted in the formal observance of ritual and ceremony and that it permitted vicious selfishness if only these forms were observed. The result was a gross hypocrisy which Christ abhorred. He taught that love was the heart of religion; and love and

charity are impossible except where the mind and spirit are free.

As a result of breaking these shackles which have bound the energies of the world for so long, America is achieving a material competence hitherto undreamed of in the world's history. Herbert

Hoover, in his Newark, New Jersey, speech on September 1 7 called attention to what is in reality an almost miraculous manifestation of the American ideal of equality of opportunity, the condition here revealed being a direct expression, I believe, of individual initiative which is a manifestation of freedom.

"If we say that 5 per cent of butter and 95 per cent of flour form the basis of that useful mixture called 'bread and butter,'then the weekly earnings in each country would buy at retail in those countries the following total of this useful compound. Please note

these figures carefully:

Weekly wages if applied to the purchase of composite pounds of bread and butter (Each pound 95 per cent wheat flour and 5 per cent butter) m W S e 5 J -r P- - "3 S $ It.a oiuj Q u w u3 |:>

United States 717 731 778 558 323 259

United Kingdom 367 262 267 267 136 160

Germany 217 173 158 133 106 112

France 269 94 123 136 73 68 Belgium 150 96 76 94 94 65 Italy 166 151 152 95 95 119 Sweden 261 256 224 180 155 162

Japan 164 125 96 60 83 66 *From an address by President A. W. Ivins.

96 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Of course, the American employee does not use his higher income to buy unnecessary pounds of bread and butter. He uses it to diversify and expand

his consumption of all things. It spells better homes, automobiles, radio and a

thousand things for the family that were unknown a generation ago, and are utterly unknown to the average citizen in most countries of the world.

"The fear of poverty has been reduced. Fear of loss of employment has

been lessened by stability. Fear of old age and for the future of the family has

been lessened through increased payments to the savings banks and to the insurance companies and to our labor union benefit societies."

The comparative labor output per inhabitant in the various countries is as follows:

China 1 British India. 1J4

Russia 2 J2 Italy iyA Japan 3 Y2 Poland 6 Holland '. 7

France 8 '/ Australia. 8]/2

Czechoslovakia 9 Yi Germany 1 Belgium 16 Great Britain 18 Canada 20 United States 30 We now have, engineers estimate, through the utilization of machinery, the equivalent of 35 invisible slaves at work for each man, woman and child in the country. This makes a total army of

3,500,000,000 slaves, beyond comparison the largest army of workers ever brought together by a people. Freedom of mind and

conscience has released human energy and initiative. Invention and

progress and power are the result.

After everything else has been given its indisputable place of importance, Christianity remains as the great American inheritance.

Possibly the pioneering of our country, our intimate contact with nature, and the hard struggle itself, but equally, I believe, freedom for the time from the corrupting forces which seem to set in after people become established and attain wealth and luxury have saved us, temporarily at least, from the fate of Europe and the predecessors of

Europe. That we are now at this dangerous point goes without

saying. The degeneration of ideals which has periodically broken

down nations has not yet fully overtaken us. It is interesting to note

how closely the earlier European and our American civilization have been correlated with the Christian ideal. Most of what the modern

world has by way of civilization is the result of Christ's teaching and the measure of our acceptance of the same. The disintegration of

THE GREAT AMERICAN INHERITANCE 97

nations and civilizations of the past and of our own time can be closely connected and correlated with their departure from the standards taught by the Savior of the world. And the tragic lack of

development of peoples, expressing itself in century after century of needless ignorance and misery, may be accounted for by their failure to accept ideals and standards of conduct for the establishment of which Christ gave his life. Modern science, the free school, and the

great industrial development which we associate with modern

America are traceable, I believe, to the teachings of Jesus Christ. The

development of Europe, as distinguished from the backwardness of much of the rest of the world, particularly Asia and Africa, was a development initiated by and definitely associated with the same basic teaching. The safety of the world and the peace and happiness

of its people is irrevocably bound up with observance of his doctrine.

Let me say here a word about the Bible. It is a record of God's

dealings with man. It is, and desirably so, practically the only volume of Christian doctrine which the publicly supported institutions

can use in the instruction of American youth. Its delineation of the

nature and attributes of God, as conceived by Christian people and their forebears, and its record of the life and teachings of Jesus Christ make it the world's most valuable religious possession. It is much

abused in this age of advanced criticism. It does not come down to us

without imperfections; and it contains much that is primitive and

sometimes revolting in its recital of human weakness; at the same

time it embodies many of the most sublime records in existence. As

literature it is, of course, the one indispensable volume. I am now

emphasizing its value, however, not as literature, but as a human record revealing the most essential human ideals. It has contributed

more to the world's welfare than all the philosophy from all other sources in the world combined. I say this with a full knowledge of

the abuses which have been practiced in its name.

These inheritances, of which we speak, are not, of course, entirely separate or distinct. They are closely related and interwoven.

Public schools were the inevitable result of freedom; they were not

separately operating forces. The passion for freedom and new opportunity drove men to America and they acquired isolation in coming here. Christianity cannot be made up of servants and masters

except as acquired worthiness entitles men to dominion. But this

dominion can never justly interfere with the opportunity of others.

A brotherhood of all men, which is the great objective of Christianity, by its very name makes brotherly equality the first necessity.

The select and privileged two per cent who get into college should be the exemplary youth of the land. I would not have

colleges dismal and cheerless institutions; on the other hand, it would

be regrettable to see them sink to the low level of a backstreet public 98 IMPROVEMENT ERA dance hall. To lift up the minds and spirits of its students to an

eager interest in life and to develop a vision of the beauty and the majesty of life is the business Of this college as of every other similar institution. We have watched the students of the college during

these interesting recent years with growing respect for their essential wholesomeness in this generation of free thinking for which all intelligent people are thankful. Along with the abuses which always

follow in the wake of progress, there has come to many of our youth, we sincerely believe, selfcontrol selfimposed. Out of it is coming

to those worthy of the freedom something infinitely finer by way of thinking and conduct than could possibly be the result of allegiance to an outside authority no matter how formally right such an authority is or seeks to be. The Kingdom of God is within us. It

cannot be imposed upon us from without. It is a part of the eternal

plan that men should be free and held responsible for their freedom:

judged according to the deeds done in the flesh.

These American inheritances should make American youth the most appreciative in the world. Here in America, based upon and

resulting from freedom and the Christian ideal, is a veritable material millennium; a spiritual millennium can come only out of the hearts

of men. And now even this great dream of the ages is possible of

realization if men will construe their freedom and their material power in terms of opportunity to live righteously.

The Real Trouble An oldfashioned philosopher, meditating on what ails the world, gave the following list of ills: "Too many diamonds and not enough alarmclocks.

Too many silk shirts and not enough redflannel ones. Too many pointedtoed

shoes and not enough squaretoed ones. Too many serge suits and not enough

overalls. Too much decollete and not enough aprons. Too much of the spirit

of 'get while the getting is good,'and not enough oldfashioned Christianity.

Too much discontent that vents itself in mere complaining and too little real effort to remedy conditions. Too much class consciousness and too little common

democracy and love for humanity."By Frank Herbert Sweet. Waynesboro,

Virginia.

"I congratulate poor young men upon being born to that ancient and honorable degree which renders it necessary that they should devote themselves to hard work."

Andrew Carnegie.

"Do not keep the alabaster boxes of your love and tenderness sealed up until your friends are dead. Fill their lives with sweetness. Speak approving, cheering words

while their ears can hear them and while their hearts can be thrilled by them."Henry

Ward Beecher.

The Brothers Dixons—Champion

By Prof. H. R. Merrill

HEN people from faroff California, tropical

Florida, and treecov- ered gathered last spring wMaine in Boston to watch the contests in the national tennis tournament in which the champions from many districts were to participate, they beheld two brothers, easily distinguished as such on account of their sandy hair and ruddy faces, take their place among the contestants. Few

people there, however, could have known that they were sons of a widow, working their own way, not only through college, but to the top of the tennis -L/! V 'J* "Cv world, or that they came from a

comparatively small town in the very heart of the Rocky MounDONALD DIXON, LEFT: FRED W. DIXON. RIGHT

tains.

Those two young men were Fred W. ("Buck") Dixon and his

younger brother, Donald ("Sanky") Dixon, well known athletes of

Brigham Young University.

The story of the rise of those two young men reads like a yarn by Horatio Alger, Jr. No; not quite. More like a story from the

Bible, for behind those boys was a father who believed in them and in the particular philosophy of life to which he had given his heart.

They were like young Davids who had come from their hill country to shoulder up with the famous Golaiths of the world.

Of course, the most recent story of the two boys is simple. They

had entered and had won their city tournament, their state tournament in Salt Lake City, their district tournament in Denver against the best racqueteers of the Rocky Mountain region, and had been given the opportunity of participating in the national tournament by reason of those victories. Behind that simple account, however, is

a longer and a more interesting story of loyalty to a father story—a

and to his ideals, a story of selfsacrifice and brilliant achievement.

Ten years ago Walter Dixon, the father of these two boys, was 100 IMPROVEMENT ERA

one of the most highly respected of the youngish middleaged men in central Utah. He was a baseball fan and a baseball player; he was

an outdoor enthusiast as well. He enjoyed all manner of sports,

partly because he liked sports and partly because he believed the right kind made men of boys and better men of men. He was a clean

liver, believing firmly in the statement that a clean body goes far towards making a clean mind.

Then illness came. An operation loomed, and this man believed

that his day with his boys on earth were few. Then it was that he

made what in effect was a will. He had little property to leave them,

but he had some ideals which he desired to pass on. These he set

down in a poem, not great on account of its poetic form but on account of its depth of meaning. That was not all. Along with the

poem he left memories which had been planted in the minds of his lads while he was yet with them. They knew pretty well what

father would do in certain situations.

In 1 92 1, he passed on, leaving the boys to make their own way, with the help of a truly great mother, through school and through life.

Fred Dixon was then a senior and his brother was just entering high school. Since that day the boys have both been diligent, remembering always that Walter Dixon liked a clean sport, a clean liver, one

who could lose as well as win, a person who could sacrifice himself for a cause.

Here is their athletic achievement, and in other ways they have done equally well:

Fred W. ("Buck") Dixon began playing in competitive athletics in his second year, yet he won eleven letters: football, two;

basketball, three; track, three; and tennis three. During that period,

too, he won the McAdam medal, given for the best allround athlete;

the tennis singles and doubles two years and assisted in pulling his basketball team into the state tournament twice.

After graduation from the high school, he entered Brigham

Young University, where he won fifteen varsity letters, and one freshman letter in four sports: football, basketball, track, and tennis.

During his four years at the university, he won the Andeberg medal for the best allround athlete, was chosen allstate forward in basketball three times, allRocky Mountain conference fullback in football, won the Rocky Mountain conference singles twice, played baseball with the Provo Timps, won letters in the high jump and pole vault, and then in open tennis tournaments won junior intermountain singles and doubles championships two years, senior intermountain singles championship twice, has been runnerup three additional times, and has been a member of the intermountain championship doubles team once and runnerup three times, state singles championship

THE DIXONS—CHAMPION BROTHERS 101

once and runnerup twice, and has been, in company with his brother,

Donald, a member of the championship doubles team of the state three consecutive years.

Last spring, for the first time after years of struggle, these two boys won the district championship from all comers at Denver and were sent to Boston to represent this region in the national tournament, where they won the first round and were eliminated by Washburn and Williams after winning one set.

The story of Donald's success reads as well. In high school

Donald won seven letters: one in football, three in basketball, and

one in tennis. During that time he was selected as allstate forward,

won the high school singles championship and assisted in winning the doubles championship one year.

After finishing at Provo high, Donald also entered Brigham

Young University, where he won twelve letters in three sports. He

does not participate in track or field events. He won his freshman

football letter and three others from the varsity, four letters in basketball if he gets one this year, and four in tennis. During that period

he has won, in company with Lee Buttle, the Rocky Mountain

Conference doubles tennis championship, the Andeberg medal, and has played baseball with Provo Timps as a lefthanded pitcher. Last

spring, in company with "Buck,"he won the state and district doubles championship and then went to Boston where it required national champions to beat him.

Donald ("Sanky") Dixon is still a member of the football team of Brigham Young University and has one more year of participation in basketball and tennis.

Now, how do they do it?

That question has been asked by hundreds and is still asked.

They just do it because in each is a sacred memory and the will to do.

While to the father and the boys goes much of the credit, some little ought to go to good friends of both. Eugene L. Roberts, John

McAdam, President T. N. Taylor, H. A. Dixon, and a number of

other good men and great, deserve some little praise for their interest and encouragement, but after all most of it should go to the boys.

"I'm always in condition,"was one of the stock phrases of "Buck"Dixon during his entire career. "Fit the year round,"was

his motto, one which has been followed rather carefully also by his brother. "I've never seemed to need coffee, tea, or tobacco,""Buck"has said modestly many times. "Those things have never come into my

life, chiefly because they and my ambitions couldn't very well live together."Many an opponent has despaired over this man's steadiness.

"He's not unusually brilliant in his best game,"I've heard many 102 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wail, "but he's so steady! You know that whatever you send over is

coming back, until you just give in to his determination."

That voices one reason why he was not only selected as allRocky Mountain Conference fullback, but was also named the most valuable man to his team in the entire Rocky Mountain Conference.

When I first came to Provo several years ago "Buck"said to me one day: "I'm eager for 'Sank'to get ready to play with me. I

want to partner with him in tennis for the championship of the state and, perhaps, for greater stakes."

I could see a wistfulness in his eyes that was only explained when Coach Eugene L. Roberts told me of "Buck's"father and his

love of athletics and of fair play.

It was with no little interest, therefore, that I watched the two redheads drilling at the game, entering the tournaments and fighting on and on. One of the great triumphs came last spring when they

took the state and the district and then had their way paid to Boston to fight for national honors. If departed men can see their sons, and

I believe they can, then Walter Dixon must have been a nervous and a proud father there in the great city, watching his youthful Davids from the hills of home meet the Goliaths of the world. I think he

must have been proud, too, when he found that only champions could defeat them and that they took their defeat like men.

On scores of fields of battle defeated and victorious men have all paid high tribute to these men who know how to fight fair, to fight square and to lose. win—and

Good Morrow

I welcome each approaching year

As time rolls on and on, Nor mourn one hour of happiness

In days now past and gone.

Each hour, each day, each memory dear,

I carry through the years, Companions of a busy past Of sunshine and of tears.

Why should I fear the flight of time

Or dread the days unborn?

The hours I cherish and revere

Were once the morrow's morn.

I rise to greet the coming days,

The joy or grief they give;

With each new sun I strive the more

To work, to learn, to live.

Orson Rega Card The Spirit of Mar Vista By Preston D. Richards, Member of the General Board

Y. M. M. I. A.

IF dreda smallsixtyoneward, comprisingsouls, were seventyoneasked to buildfamiliesa andchapelthreeworthhun- $75,000.00, the task ordinarily would be thought impossible.

This was accomplished by Mar Vista, and what is even more remarkable, that beautiful chapel, with all its refinements and embellishments, including a marvelous pipe organ, was dedicated to the Lord, clear and free of debt, within the surprisingly short time of five months and twentythree days from the very day the ward was organized. This is the story of a wonderful accomplishment.

The Mar Vista ward of the Hollywood stake, California, was organized by a division of the Ocean Park ward on April 1, 1928, and comprises the territory embraced in Mar Vista, Palms, Culver

City and surrounding sections.

For a short time Mar Vista ward held its meetings in the Ocean

Park chapel at nine a. m. and five p. m. each Sunday, but this arrangement was not satisfactory, and a large store building on Venice

Boulevard in Mar Vista was rented for meeting purposes. This was

entirely inadequate for the needs of the auxiliary organizations and the surroundings were not the most congenial with the spirit of worship. There was great need of a chapel with adequate facilities

and favorable atmosphere. But there were only three hundred sixtyone Church members, comprising seventyone families, possessing

not a great amount of this world's goods, but rich in spirit.

Notwithstanding the mountain of obstacles, it was unanimously decided at a meeting of the ward membership to build a chapel adequate, not alone for present needs, but adequate to the growing needs of Mar Vista for many years to come.

Generousspirited members donated a building site on the very crown of the imposing hill at Mar Vista, another generous member, one of the distinguished architects of Southern California, prepared and donated the plans, and with this start and without a building fund the good people of the ward commenced the erection of a chapel with their own hands.

The site for the new building was dedicated by Elder Benjamin

Goddard, member of the General Board of the Y. M. M. I. A., on

April 22, 1928; the first spadeful of earth was turned on May 1,

1928, and the cornerstone was laid by President George W. McCune

of the Hollywood stake on May 22, 1928. On September 1, 1928,

104 IMPROVEMENT ERA

four months to the day from the time work was commenced, the beautiful edifice was completed and ready for dedication, and on

Sunday, September 23, 1928, it was dedicated by President Heber

J. Grant.

There was not one dollar paid for labor, it was all volunteered, mostly by Church members, but nonChurch members in the community, seeing the Saints busy at their task, partook of the spirit, volunteered their services and joined the happy family of builders.

A great part of the work was done at night, the grounds being lighted with electric lights. One night one hundred fifty people were

seen joyfully at work under the electric lights. At 9:30 p. m. each

evening sandwiches and light refreshments were served to the workers by the various families taking their turn.

A large part of the painting and inside lathing was done by women and girls. Children of tender years carried to the roof all

the tile with which the building is covered, which labor alone was valued at $500.00. One boy of fourteen years, who had more than

$100.00 credit for labor, was asked to dismiss a ward gathering

and in doing so prayed that the Lord would "help us finish the church even before we expected."Mothers with infants in their

arms could be seen doing their part and faithful wives worked with their husbands and children. One hundred fortythree bags of

cement were used one night in filling cement foundations.

Most remarkable is the fact that there was not one person inTHE COMPLETED MAR VISTA CHAPEL

THE SPIRIT OF MAR VISTA 105

jured, which fact among others caused J. B. Daniell to say in a very

complimentary editorial on "The New Mormon Church,"published in the Venice Evening Vanguard: "The whole task has an air of

being finely inspired and particularly wellfavored by Providence."

By every stroke of the hammer the people of Mar Vista have driven their hearts into their chapel and they have built with their own hands a temple in which to worship God. It is perhaps this

which led them, when the task was completed, to resolve by unanimous vote always to maintain silence and so preserve the spirit of reverence in the beautiful auditorium of the chapel where the

Sunday services are held.

That the community has been spiritually benefited by this endeavor is evidenced by the fact that the day after the dedication, twentyfour baptisms were performed in the new font, and when you add to this the dozen more baptized the following week, you have a total of baptisms equal to ten per cent of the ward's population.

Recall again that the ward population was three hundred sixtyone when the chapel was commenced. At the regular M. I. A. meeting Tuesday night following the dedication, there were two hundred

seventyfive persons present, and at the Sunday School the next

Sunday following the dedication there were present three hundred seventeen persons.

At the dedication services President Heber J. Grant's sermons

THE BUILDERS OF MAR VISTA CHAPEL

106 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were most inspiring and, in referring to the building of the Mar

Vista chapel, he said it was in some respects the most remarkable building achievement in the Church since the building of the Kirtland temple.

The structure contains twenty rooms, including those for classes, choir, bishop's office, library, Relief Society, Boy Scouts, baptistry, a beautiful spacious auditorium, and a commodious recreational hall with its interior arches which can be used to augment the seating capacity of the chapel proper. Among the unique features are a large entrance patio, luxuriantly planted with palms and

other tropical plants, and a richly curtained sacred sacrament alcove behind the speaker's stand, above which is revealed, as the velvet curtains are drawn, a reproduction of one of the world's masterpieces in art, depicting the Savior, his apostles and the first sacrament. The choir loft is on the same level with the pulpit but at the

side so that the choir members can see and hear all that is done and said from the pulpit. The sunken console directly in front of the

choir leader is all that can be seen of the great organ.

The beautiful white chapel of SpanishMoorish architecture now stands majestically on the crown of the hill overlooking the

Pacific Ocean, an enduring and inspiring monument to the faith and industry of the people of Mar Vista.

To give proper credit for this accomplishment the name of every man, woman, and child in Mar Vista should be recorded here but, limited to space, as we are, we must be content in stating that this unparalleled accomplishment was achieved under the splendid leadership of the building committee consisting of Bishop E. J. Sorensen,

his counselors, William J. Brown and O. E. Peterson, together with

Thomas Robinson, and Orson H. Hewlett as chairman, assisted by

architect Louis A. Thomas who drew and donated the plans and

supervised the construction throughout.

A friend is a person Who will help you in the hour of sickness;

Who will lend you a dollar without deducting the interest;

Who will help you up hill when you are sliding down;

Who will defend you in the hour when others speak evil of you:

Who will believe in your innocence until you admit your guilt;

Who will say behind your back what he says to your face;

Who will shake hands with you wherever he meets you, even though you weat patches; and

Who will do all these things without expecting any return.—Dorothy C. Retsloff.

Some InterRelations Between Religion and Economics (Conclusion) By Dr. Max Haenle, University of Erlangen, Germany

has an abundance of material in store for the sociologist.UTAHIn many respects this material is almost unique. It is indeed

strange that scientists have so long neglected the "Mormon"sources and thought little of the wealth of information they give.

However, this is not without parallel in other branches of scientific research. Perhaps it is an erroneous conception of "Mormonism"

that name still savors of polygamy to is responsi-—for some—which

ble for the social and scientific ostracism pronounced upon the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, whose migrations remind us so forcibly of the wanderings of the Parsees of ancient

Persia. People in the East and in Europe who know nothing more

of the religion of the Latterday Saints than anti-"Mormon"hit words haven't the slightest idea of conditions in Utah in many instances, and those who identify Bishop Lee and the Mountain

Meadow Massacre or the extremities of polygamy with "Mormonism"hold just as deplorable and miserable a position as those who link Catholicism up with the name of Alexander VI or of his son

Cesare. But even an acquaintance with standard "Mormon"literature does not give a complete picture of the religion of the Latterday Saints. "Mormonism"is, more than any other religious system which I have had occasion to study, a religion of life. The

"Mormons"who look back upon a comparatively short history of their Church have not yet developed a comprehensive system of religious philosophy, as, for instance the Hindus or the Catholic

Church since the days of Paul and Clemens of Alexandria up to

Albertus Magnus and the great systematizer, Thomas of Aguin.

Anybody who wants to know "Mormonism"must live among the "Mormons"for some time; he must know the country colonized by

Brigham Young and his faithful. If we study the standard works

it is of the "Mormon"Church only, with a spirit of rationalism, impossible for us to form a very reliable opinion. Along with views

of a more or less primitive nature upon which anti-"Mormon"literature has dwelt with great emphasis, there are in the standard works of the Church many beginnings of valuable new institutions, the ultimate results of which we have difficulty to comprehend completely. When I say that a number of "Mormon"doctrines leave a

108 IMPROVEMENT ERA

somewhat primitive impression with the sociologist who has studied older religions, I say it "sine ira ac any malice or studio"—without

bad intention. I am aware that the philosophical merits of a religion carry no necessary implication as to its general cultural importance. Brahmanism, for example, in spite of its deepness of

thought, lacks much of the importance for practical everyday life which is characteristic of Puritanism. The doctrine of predestination, although it is a monstrosity, has nevertheless produced some

of the strongest men in history. I have already pointed out that

modern capitalism cannot be understood at all without a familiarity with Calvinistic modes of thought. We must not proceed in a detached manner when we analyze a religion, but we must take into

consideration all conditions under which the religion in question is supposed to operate. A religious system, the philosophy of which

is overdeveloped, is in danger of not being understood by the masses.

I have mentioned Buddha in another place already, whom the people in general failed to understand after the passing of time.

Coming back to a consideration of "Mormonism,"which may be regarded as a cross between Protestant doctrines and Catholic organization in many respects, I wish to say that the Latterday Saints have achieved a position in civilization and culture which stands unsurpassed. They have made a garden out of a salty desert. Aside

from this pioneer achievement, "Mormon"morality has produced an economic type of man of the highest quality. Persons who keep

the Word of Wisdom are, without doubt, more efficient workers than those who violate this commandment daily in every possible fashion, and consequently they enjoy a better credit in business. In

this regard there are many similarities between the economic importance of Puritanism and "Mormonism,"which might be called, in a way, the offspring of the former. In Samoa as well as in Hawaii I

have had occasion to observe that the typical "Mormon"code of everyday ethics in connection with the economic importance of the

Word of Wisdom, to refrain from all intoxicating beverages, resulted in a greater trustworthiness in financial credit matters. Another feature of a purely religious nature, the economic importance

of which should not be overlooked, however, is the fact that the "Mormon"Church has no professional Priesthood. This will always prevent a spirit of worldnegation to arise in the Church. The

necessary contact with daily life is continually preserved. In this

connection I have to mention another "Mormon"institution. It

is the missionary system of the Latterday Saints. Just as there is

no professional Priesthood in the Church, it also has no professional missionaries. The young "Mormon"goes into all parts of the world

to preach the Gospel of his Church. After three years he returns

RELIGION AND ECONOMICS 109

with his views considerably broadened, having acquired a greater ease in his contact with men. It seems to me that the general cultural

results of this "Mormon"missionary work are just as important as the religious aspects of the system. No other religious body knows

of such an ideal institution which is at the same time of as great a practical value as the "Mormon"mission. I wish to say a word

here about another institution, born of idealism. It is the genealogical work of the "Mormons,"the like of which is found nowhere else in the entire world. Genealogical research, although it is

primarily the basis for temple work in the interest of the dead, is of great significance also in family life generally, for it becomes materially enriched through the knowledge of the genealogy of the parents'ancestors. "This is the place"also, to mention the "Mormon"oldfolks day, expresses the thought of a close union of

the entire community and the feeling of gratitude toward the older generation in a way, the equal of which can be found nowhere else in the world.

To the broadmindedness and farsightedness of the "Mormon"leaders, who had already established a model settlement in Nauvoo,

Salt Lake City owes its ideal laying out. The survey of the various

lots, their just apportionment according to occupations as well as the size of the family, and the endeavor of Brigham Young to preclude an unwholesome speculative fixation of prices upon the real estate market, which suspended many undesirable results of the ground rent for a long time, are particularly instructive for the social economist. The same is true of the "Mormon"settlement

policy in general, the foremost principle of which is that all families should own their own homes. Anybody who is at all familiar with

the many advantages arising out of individual home ownership from the standpoint of ethics, health and citizenship, must appreciate the great importance of the "Mormon"homeownership policy and regard it as one of the most interesting and valuable characteristics of the "Mormon"attitude of mind. It has been very interesting

for me to read occasionally in the German paper of the "Mormon"

Church, the Beobachter, which is edited by my friend, Jean Wunderlich, very instructive articles about the advantage of having a home of one's own as compared with the life in apartments. The late

President Joseph F. Smith emphasized this very important fact all

the time. His article in the Era of August, 1904, deserves the special

attention of all those who are interested in the effects of "Mormonism"in daily life. When we read that the cities of Utah have a

very favorable homeownership quota, we must not forget that th's fact is above all a result of the exemplary policy of the "Mormon"

Church in this respect. The endeavor of the "Mormon"Church to

110 IMPROVEMENT ERA

establish the greatest possible efficiency in the home and in family life was no doubt responsible for the establishment of two employment bureaus by some of the stakes of the Church in Salt Lake City. Their

report which was issued recently shows that they function satisfactorily and help, in some degree at least, to prevent the disintegration of family life resulting from unemployment.

Besides such institutions, which are also of economic importance, the "Mormon"Church has stood in business enterprises from the earliest days of its history. Above all I would like to mention

here the Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Institution, which was founded by Brigham Young in 1868, and incorporated under his chairmanship the ensuing year. The name of the institution is

singularly indicative of its character. The cooperative attitude of the

"Mormons,"a parallel evolution of which in its fundamental aspects can be found already in the United Order, is a classical example of the interrelation between religion and economics. According to

the present stage of scientific research, it is beyond all doubt that the first incentive to cooperation came from the economic necessities of life. In the pioneer days of America the individual man was unable to fight his more powerful environment. By cooperation alone

could obstacles be overcome. Just think of the first irrigation ditches

in Utah and their construction! The carrying out of such enterprises by the Latterday Saints, who were the first of the AngloSaxon race to develop irrigation, was possible only by means of a

strict, uniform organization of production, such as the "Mormons"had at that time. It is very fitting that the best book on the economic

and social aspects of irrigation enterprises and their influence upon the development of other institutions should have been written by a

Utahn, President George Thomas of the University of Utah.

The fact that natural environment is the prime cause of an economic system may be observed in all parts of the world and at all times. It does not matter whether we think of the community

organization in New Guinea today, or of conditions in Northern

Europe two thousand years ago: in each instance it was the bush or

the wilderness which could not be cleared by one man alone. It

conditioned the social and economic structure of society. The same

is true of the early history of "Mormonism."The surrounding

economic conditions were of fundamental importance in the social order. Aside from this influence, ideas of an ethical and purely religious nature may also have been of importance. To what extent

this has been the case is a question deserving careful consideration.

Speaking again of the Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Institution, it is particularly interesting to note that this institution was shrined about with a religious sanctity of which it is entirely devoid today.

RELIGION AND ECONOMICS 111

In front of every store of the Zion's Cooperative Mercantile Institution was the characteristic inscription "Holiness to the Lord."

Although this institution assumed a religious character at first, we see that an entirely different situation gradually arose later under the influence of a new economic situation. Financial success, resulting from economic conditions generally, concentrated money in

the hands of a few, which made it possible for them to buy the shares of that institution, originally cooperative,* from stockholders no longer interested. The sign remained the same, but the institution

in which non- "Mormon"capital was invested later can no longer be looked upon as a Church institution upon a purely cooperative basis. The economic development of Utah during the last fifty

years has diminished the importance of the cooperative idea in economic life, as we have seen. But it is interesting to note that in the

field of education, for example in the Mutual Improvement Association, the idea of cooperation has experienced a very noticeable and marked advance in another direction. This entire development is particularly instructive. It shows how the economic interests in life

evolve standards, becoming part of a religious system after a while, until a new economic situation occasions a complete change of conditions. Other religions afford similar examples. I mention these

facts because you are familiar with them. It is not my intention

to antagonize "Mormonism,"whose great cultural achievements

I esteem highly. Moreover, I have told you already that we have to

distinguish clearly between the metaphysical content of a religion and the temporal organization, or the church which stands in the world and which is therefore subject to natural evolutionary laws.

I have always pointed out whenever the hostile side of the camp blamed the "Mormons"for having changed their economic views fundamentally when they supplanted the United Order by an unrestrained economic individualism, characteristic also of the "Mormon"business man, that our entire moral and philosophical view of the economic question has also undergone a complete change with the progress in efficiency of production. Similarly, we must not

forget, when we hear the cry of some non- "Mormon"business men of the state that "Mormon"influence was largely responsible for the former Utah corporation law, making it expensive for large

Eastern corporate enterprises to establish themselves in Utah without resorting to the construction of legally complicated holding companies, that through this fact, whatever the "Mormon"influence may have been, a very effective protection was given the Utah

It was cooperative especially when we emphasize the entire policy of the institution toward the buyer; for the Z. C. M. I. was not cooperative in the sense of the word which

Rochdale has given it.

112 IMPROVEMENT ERA

middle class which might have suffered financially from a premature influx of Eastern corporate money. That man's attitude toward new economic orders is continually undergoing a change, as I

indicated before, is demonstrated forcefully by the shifting position which money and capital have occupied in the totality of our ethical and philosophical views. Because of a restricted economic order,

money had no productive properties in ancient times. Credit was

known only as credit of consumption. These facts are the foundation for the view of Aristotle, who said that money could not

propagate itself and that therefore the taking of interest was unethical. This view was later adopted as a doctrine of the Catholic

church. Thomas of Aquin especially, the greatest systematic philosopher of the Catholic church, linked up closely Aristotle's idea

with his scholastic system. Later on, when economic life assumed

different forms, money began to become of a productive character.

In spite of all resistance on the part of the church, the old scholastic doctrine lost out. Originally this religious provision was a function of economic life, but later, when new economic conditions made

the functioning of that particular religious doctrine impossible, the church ban on interest lost its significance. Today no Catholic

refuses to accept interest on the ground of business ethics, for capital in our modern economic fabric has assumed a productive nature.

These interrelations are very instructive and interesting. Even our

fundamental moral conceptions change under the influence of industrial progress, for how could the companionate marriage idea win any ground if it were not for the fact that women have gained an almost complete economic independence in modern industrial life, and how could indiscriminate petting parties have assumed such astonishing proportions if it had not been for the added possibilities which the general ownership of the automobiles affords? But let me

quote another example which belongs to the field of economics and which justifies without question the abandonment of several old "Mormon"economic principles. Extreme economic individualism

which was formerly rejected by many churches has assumed an entirely different ethical character through our new and efficient methods of production. As I said before, the great fortunes accumulated by economic egotism, becoming larger and larger all the

time, represent capital today which permits us to produce more cheaply. But through our ability to produce more efficiently, the

accumulation of millions of dollars in the hands of one person appears in a new and distinctively ethical and moral light. Nobody will

consider the financial influence of Henry Ford today from a purely individualistic standpoint. Ford's capital performs a characteristic

function, not primarily for the satisfaction of his own needs. No,

RELIGION AND ECONOMICS 113

Ford has a tremendously growing influence upon the decrease of production costs. Every one of the millions of Ford car owners has

indirectly profited by Ford's money, to say nothing of such remote consequences as the improvement of America's highway system, which could not have been possible so quickly and thoroughly without the assistance of the motorist. The interrelations in our modern economic system, characterized by machines and their laws, are

very instructive, especially when we consider the ethical questions arising through them in our modern economic life. I am by no

means an enemy of the great fortunes, accumulated by economic individualism. I wish to remind you only of the beneficial consequences of the Carnegie and Rockefeller foundations. But let us

proceed a step further. Today we speak of universal peace, not only

in Geneva, where I am very well acquainted, but also in conferences at other places. I am not overconfident of the results of nice

phrases. Any national policy has to be selfish to a certain degree if

it is not to collapse. The same is true of national industry. Some

international friction will be bound to come. But the new concentration of economic interests, taking in all the world, which is

beginning to develop under our very eyes, may create an entirely new situation. The history of the Morgan banking concern is very

interesting in this respect. I see in the desire for financial expansion

which finds so much opposition a promising sign for the final establishment of worldwide peace. The shrewdly calculating financiers

who know the destructive agency of war, and whose interests are spread all over the globe, are going to be greater guarantors of the world's peace than political and military agitators. Personally I

am delighted over the recent economic connections established between America and Germany. I am sorry only that Wall Street

did not take an interest in Germany before 1917.

Last Sunday in the Tabernacle I heard a speaker who convinced me more forcefully than ever that all things in this world are subject to influences and changes. In a medieval European fashion he tried

to give a religious sanctity to the Constitution of the United States by claiming it to be of divine origin. Your Constitution is, no doubt,

a paramount achievement, but when I think of the times of strife between Washington and Salt Lake City over polygamy and when

I think of the part the Constitution played in this controversy, I am really astonished that an attempt is made to adorn that very Constitution with a rosary in the Tabernacle. I think, however, I

am not mistaken when I see in the remarks of the speaker, above all, a pronouncement of loyalty and devotion to his country. I have

already spoken of the question of polygamy. According to all

impressions which I carry from Utah, and after meeting so many 114 IMPROVEMENT ERA

splendid people here, it will be hard for me to take leave. I am

firmly convinced today that it was not moral degeneracy, as people in the East like to maintain, but a purely religious conviction which lay at the foundation of the "Mormon"plural marriage system. Besides, polygamy as such was of the utmost importance

from the standpoint of population policy and of economics. But

polygamy had also a sociological significance. As there usually

existed some relation between the wealth of a man and the number of his wives, polygamy had an equalizing effect on the standard of living maintained by different families in the state. I just indicated the connection of polygamy with the endeavor of Utah's early

leaders to provide a large population. This aim was furthered, of

course, by the healthy morality of the "Mormons,"contributing to a higher birth rate. The relative number of inhabitants in any

country is of very significant economic consequences, for the density of population often has a profound influence upon the economic structure of a community. Utah's highly developed sugar beet

industry, for example, is partly conditioned on the fact that it requires intensive cultivation which makes it possible to support a large population even in a comparatively small cultivated area.

Moreover, in Utah, where we have only 530,000 inhabitants upon an area of 84,000 square miles, the water question is much more decisive than the land question. A high density of population is

significant not only from a purely economic point of view, it is also of great importance in church life. Where people live far apart the

development of social or deeply rooted religious community life is impossible. Here, then, we have a splendid example of the vision

and farsightedness of the leaders of the "Mormon"Church, every one of whom has a thorough economic schooling. The most outstanding character in this regard is, without doubt, Brigham Young.

To him Utah owes, above many other things, its sound agricultural foundation. His attitude against the somewhat gamblinglike

mining business, not only added to the moral quality of the Utah pioneers, but in a purely economic way his policy is just as important.

At that time the creation of the necessary food supply for a territory, isolated like an oasis in the great Sahara Desert, was the most immediate concern. If the "Mormons"had tried their luck with the

miner's pick instead of the spade and plow, unthinkable difficulties would have been the inevitable result. But, as it is, the pioneers have

laid the foundation for Utah's flourishing farming industry. I

have often heard it said that the stern attitude of Brigham Young against the development of mining was due to his desire to keep the Gentiles away from Zion. This may be true in a way, but I

think that the founder of the "Mormon"state also thought of other

RELIGION AND ECONOMICS 115

important things in his ingeniously economic farsightedness when he declared war upon treasuredigging in the mountains. It is an indisputable fact that an abundance of ore, especially of precious

metals, furthers the circulation of money. But inasmuch as money

was rare, Utah was primarily a country of barter during the first years of its development. We have to thank the Lord for it, for

barter increases productivity in many respects. The kings of old

India already knew this when they declared millet to be the standard value, thus encouraging the more intensive cultivation of this chief food product. Their action was prompted by a desire to prevent

famines. For under the system as they established it, the ready

money of a man did not consist in precious metals but in a large food supply. It is deplorable that an appreciation of these very

interesting connections has been lost in our time when the individualistic economic theory is in full sway, for these relations show that bartering may represent a better and higher economic order under certain conditions than our modern monetary systems.

Speaking of "Mormon"institutions again, I have to mention the law of tithing which makes it possible for the Church to support, not only Church undertakings, but also to help materially in the support of cultural and social endeavors. Through the levy of

tithing in connection with other revenues of the Church it is possible for the "Mormons"to banish the collection plate from their meetings, which is, no doubt, an asset to the dignity of their religious services.

Of greatest interest to me has been the model "Mormon"educational system which gives an opportunity to every member to develop individual originality. Only he will develop the feeling

of responsibility who is given a personal sphere of activity. The

realization of this fact has made a deep impression upon one of the main institutions of "Mormonism."I may be permitted to mention

briefly that the uniting of teaching and learning in one person, as we find it in the Sunday Schools and the Mutual Improvement Associations, is somewhat similar to the excellent methods of training employed by the Societas Jesu. It would go too far if I should

point out all the connections between "Mormon"education and our presentday life. I desire to say just one thing. In many respects

I have felt more at home here than in other American cities, because my "Mormon"friends have a deeper conception of that unity which

I have awe call human life than the average American, for whom high regard because of the kindness of his heart, but whose general view of life is somewhat strange to me. As a student I have always

been a worthy representative of my university in athletic activities.

But never did I become a servant of the boxing and baseball god.

116 IMPROVEMENT ERA

On the other hand, I can not yet get interested in the headlines of the

United States newspapers. Many Americans may think that my

mental development is somewhat retarded because I am unable to get excited at the thought that Babe Ruth caught a cold, that a film actress got her fifth divorce or at the description of the last moments of some slayer whose life is ended in the electric chair. But I am

earnestly endeavoring to understand this American attitude also.

The strenuousness of American business life does not leave time to follow private inclinations. A man who returns from his office

or from the factory dead tired, looks for light and stimulating mental food. A classical drama, requiring deepest concentration, is no

recreation for exhausted people. On the other hand, if we wish to

be just, we must not overlook the good sides of modern industry.

I think that economic and technical progress is going to prove valuable if we do not forget that material treasures are only a means to an end, but not an end in themselves. This fact, in connection with

the ever increasing efficiency in production, which is going to reduce and has already reduced the daily hours of labor, opens before us an encouraging view.

The machine, the characteristic of our day, is neither good nor bad in itself. It all depends on how we use it and what place we

give it in our cultural life. This alone will determine whether

machines become the enemy or the friend of man.

When I returned from Samoa and Hawaii, standing upon

American soil for the second time, I put the question to myself, whether there is a parallel in history to the difference between the

European and American view of life and life's problems. Automatically I thought of the Greeks and the Romans. Greece, torn

up politically just like Europe, visited by domestic wars, has achieved paramount accomplishments in purely cultural and intellectual fields. These achievements can be understood only when

we keep in mind the extreme individualism of Greek life, but yet it was the main reason for the failure on the part of Greece to develop s great political unity. The Roman, originally a cold, coarse, practical creature, endowed with a keen instinct for discipline, was able to

score a political victory over Greece because of his better organization of the masses. The same Rome which at one time enacted a law

against philosophers and which destroyed Corinth adopted Greek ways of life later on. Historical comparisons are always limping;

yet they are very enlightening at times. In its early days, Rome went

through something like a Puritan era and it was not until later that it heard the clamor of the masses for "panem et circenses,"which is in free translation nothing but "good food and good baseball games."

The same Rome also adopted Greek art and science and opened new

RELIGION AND ECONOMICS 117

avenues for these aspects of human culture by means of its success in practical fields, just like America which often extended a helping hand to Europe. It is true, Europe, unlike Greece of the later Roman period, is not a political subdivision of America, but financially

and economically Europe depends on the United States to a very large extent. Whether the Europeans like it or not, the fact remains

the same. But, after all, if viewed from a more remote perspective,

it is nothing but an ideal Americans give the compensation—the

Europeans of their abundance, and America in turn imports from the old, less fertile soil of Europe, many a cultural grain which often ripens into a delicious fruit under America's sun. I remind you only

of the methods developed in scientific laboratories of Europe which have brought many encouraging results in the splendidly equipped

American research institutes. These mutual achievements are a

source of particular joy to me, for the impressions which I have gained in the New World have indeed made my life fuller and more complete. Man learns to know himself, that is his entire character,

only when he has learned to know something about the world.

Every new situation in life reveals a new part of our inner self. A

large majority of you, ladies and gentlemen, who have come back to the University are a typical example of the living spirit of progress and educational endeavor. At this Alma Mater Utahensis, so

dearly known to me, you will not only gather new information, but your new knowledge, I am certain, will become a universal unity within you. It has always been the noblest aim and task of the

truly cultured man to find a real unity in the multiplicity and diversity of life; and this endeavor which goes like a silver thread

through all the history of the "Mormon"Church has been to me, it hasduring my stay in Utah, not only a scientific inspiration, but

Iso, and this is much more important, enriched my life beyond measure from a purely human point of view.

Every preacher. Sunday school teacher and public school teacher should

read "The Letter and the Spirit of our Profession,"from the inaugural address of President Wm. P. Dearing before the State Teachers Association of Indiana.

It is issued in an attractive leaflet by the NoTobacco League and will be sent along with other leaflets of value on request.

Government [reports show that more than one hundred billion cigarettes are manufactured and sold annually in our country. Their use is increasing

rapidly among girls, boys and women. Good people are being disturbed about

it. Folks of intelligence are asking for reliable, upto-date information on the

question. The leaflets mentioned above and other information will be furnished

to those sending five cents to cover cost. Address NoTobacco League, Indianapolis, Indiana.

Soil Means a A Depleted Depleted Citizenship By Dr. Thos. L. Martin, Agronomist, B. Y. U.

influence of soil upon the type of people found in a givenTHEarea is receiving much attention from rural sociologists, economists and human geographers of our country. Men in

other fields of human endeavor, such as forestry, plant pathology, plant physiology, etc., are showing an increasing interest in the

soil as related to their particular field of study. The few feet of

crust which surround this earth's sphere, while being the home of vast numbers of physical, chemical and biological forces, also determine, as these forces work, where man shall live, and determine too the kind of man that shall live and what he shall do while he sojourns here on this earth.

The fact that soil has a great influence upon the character of citizenship in the community is borne out by a number of investigators. Our attention is called by one writer to the situation which

prevailed during the early settling of our Atlantic states.

In the southern and eastern portions of one of the states the land is hilly, of low fertility, and communication is rather difficult. The

soils of such areas were depleted quickly. The better type of farmer

who settled in this region sold his wornout farm and moved into the central part of the valley where the soils were more desirable.

The members of this better group were successful workers, more businesslike in their dealings and despised the farmer who was slouchy in his habits.

The group of farmers in the southern and eastern parts of the state who stayed with their wornout farms and tried to eke out an existence were of an indifferent class. They were given to religious

frenzy and to foolish superstition, such as planting potatoes in the dark of the moon. This hilly country caused such farmers leisurely to

attack every problem. They were resigned to poor crops and hard

work; uncouth in dress, slow to raise their standard of living, and

carried a conceit that their ways were the best.

This unprogressive type of person seems to adapt himself to soils of low fertility and soils situated so that a good living is a very difficult attainment. Really live young people who have the driving

temperament pull away from such environments and seek their temporal salvation where soils are not depleted.

That a depleted soil is followed by depleted citizenship is obDEPLETED SOIL MEANS DEPLETED CITIZENSHIP 119

servable on every hand. Marginal people tend to collect on soils

which yield a margin, and submarginal people accumulate where soils have been allowed to decline to the point of low and unprofitable productivity.

In the town of Lebanon, in the state of Connecticut, are two distinct types of soil: the Charleston series and the Gloucester series.

The Charleston series consists of soils which are greenishgray, compact glacial till, quite retentive of moisture, fairly level and well adapted to cropping. The Gloucester series is of a loose texture,

leachy, stony and not well adapted to cropping. The Charleston

series when farmed properly gives a higher labor income than the

Gloucester. This difference, were the farmers equally efficient,

would mean simply a difference in productivity of the soils, but this is not the case as indicated by the fact that the milk production per cow is 25% higher than with the Gloucester series. There are more

nativeborn farmers on the farms. In fact the sons of the better native

farmers who first possessed lands of the Gloucester series sold out and moved to the more desirable soils of the Charleston series.

The poorer soils of the Gloucester series seem to have become possessed mostly by the Russian Jew type of foreigner, while the better soils are owned by the native sons.

It is interesting to note the experience of the people of Bible lands. Will C. Barnes in his Story of the Range contrasts the present population of Palestine and its soil productivity with the days

when Israel was in her glory.

The ranges supported vast numbers of livestock. At the celebration of the completion of the temple of King Solomon, there were

no less than 22,000 oxen and 120,000 head of sheep sacrificed. The

king of Moab rendered unto the king 100,000 lambs and 100,000 rams. When Israel made war against the Midianites under Moses

they took as booty 675,000 head of sheep, 36,000 beeves and 35,000 asses.

There are a number of evidences that this territory supported vast numbers of people and animals. The lands were flowing with

milk and honey and civilization flourished to such a degree that it has influenced in no small way the civilization of the present day. What

are the conditions now in Palestine? The soils are worn out, the

ranges, due to poor management, are depleted, the soils have been washed and the productivity is almost nil. The quality of the

citizenship is comparatively pitiable. One is justified, when considering the Bible descriptions and the chastenings of the prophets,

in saying that this deplorable condition is due in no small way to neglectful and wasteful agricultural practices.

invite to itself a similar A neglected, wornout soil tends to 120 IMPROVEMENT ERA type of person. A soil of high fertility, weed free, and in a state of

high productivity acts as a magnet for the higher type of husbandman. It is a duty we owe to the coming generation to see to it that

our soils are left as good as we find them. Dean Davenport says that

"The future of a people is no better than the quality of the land it occupies."Let a vigorous community become shiftless and the

quality of the land will deteriorate and soon such areas will become the homes of a lower class of people.

Davenport says: "The farmer when he takes over a piece of

land accepts an obligation, a great public responsibility to the future. Farming is a mining process and one must repair the damage

done and must put back what is taken out. It must be as capable of

supporting life as it was the day he took over the responsibility. If

he neglects his land by poor farming then he is putting a mortgage on the food of babies not yet born. It is selling out the national

future. It is treason in high places."

Good farming is fair with the land, feeding it before it becomes hungry. Poor farming merely skims the cream and leaves the land

exhausted. The constant growing of sugar beets without rotation

and without manuring the soil depletes the soil, filling it with plant and animal diseases so that it will yield but five tons where it yielded twentyfive tons before. There are exceptions, of course, but take

the country over, marginal lands are held by marginal peoples and submarginal lands by submarginal peoples. Allow the soils to

deteriorate and slowly the quality of the citizenship will deteriorate.

One troublesome weed is literally taking possession of vast areas of land in several of our nearby counties. The agricultural

leaders have warned against the danger when there were but few weeds and all the land for miles around was in the pink of prosperity, and the citizenry was jubilant with the joys of life. The advice was

ignored, or rather it was difficult to secure cooperative activity. One

man would do his duty while his neighbor ignored the advice. Irrigation streams spread the seeds over the land where the industrious

farmers labored. The youth grew up in this environment. They

had vigor. They gave promise of being fine agriculturists. But

in their tender years this discouraging situation became more discouraging and soon these fine country youths resolved to leave farming and seek a livelihood elsewhere. The more shiftless youth stayed

on the job. The vigorous, progressive farmer who had tried to keep

his farm clean but, due to lack of cooperation, failed, he too left for more favorable climes. In one locality, at least, discouragement

is now present, the agricultural youths are few in number, the state threatens to take over the lands if the owners do not clean, the owners dare the state to do it, the reason being that it will cost more to

DEPLETED SOIL MEANS DEPLETED CITIZENSHIP 121

clean the land than it is worth. Because of the weed, quarantines are

placed against the produce that is being raised. A sad situation prevails. The quality of the land has slowly changed and so has the

quality of the citizenship.

Our lands must be kept at a high stage of productivity and a high type of citizenship must be maintained. The responsibility of

the soil husbandman is enormous.

The population of the United States is increasing at an enormous rate. By the year 1950 we shall have increased our population

another thirty to forty million. Already we are importing food

stuffs. What shall we do then if our lands produce only as they

do now? For nearly a century food production in the world has

been ahead of food consumption, but according to the economic curve, within the next fifteen years food production in the world will equal food consumption and after that we shall be living on a lower standard because food production will be lower than food consumption unless something can be done to improve our present methods of soil production practices.

is Of the vegetable materials produced on the soil 76% of it fed to animals, 24% is eaten by human beings. As population increases this will change, more crops will be consumed directly by

humans, since in a given area larger numbers can be sustained in that way. Animals will decrease, manures will decrease, demands will

increase for agricultural products. Good lands by that time will

indeed pay well and happy will be the man who has kept up the fertility of his soil.

The demands of the future compel greater attention to our lands. The business interests, even the clubs of our various counties,

could well concern themselves with the soil problem. The quality

of the soil determines the quality of the people, and they in turn determine the quantity and quality of the business done.

Soils which are now good should be maintained so. Business

interests the country over should take an interest in this very thing.

When people say, "We secured twenty years ago 400 bushels of apples an acres but now only 40,"or, "When I was a child I remember we raised 500 bushels of potatoes and 25 tons of sugar beets but now only 50 bushels of potatoes and five tons of sugar beets,"it is cause for alarm. Consider the farming and soil conditions which

prevail in the poor south and the significance of the foregoing takes on a greater significance. All forces of this country, farmer and otherwise, should center upon the problem of good soil management,

because a depleted soil means a depleted citizenship; and what can

be worse?

Quetzalcoatl* A Deity of PreHistoric America

By Alton C. Melville

and varied types of gods are worshiped among theMANYIndians, but one in particular looms above all others in importance and universality of worship among the natives of Mexico and Central America. It is the great Quetzalcoatl of the

Aztecs and Toltecs, and called Kukulcan among the Mayas. There

are other names attached to him, probably being better known and often typified as the Feathered Serpent in their religious and decorative art. An infinite number of temples have been raised to him

and everywhere in this vicinity, in South America and as far north as the United States as well, his statue, picture or serpentine symbol may be found.

His position among their deities is outstanding and definite and very unique. Although the various accounts of the ancient traditions surrounding him may vary in some details, and perhaps the

traditions themselves are slightly different in some instances, there are well established written and verbal accounts of this great character which come to us in agreement as to the general run of the story, as well as in most of the details, particularly as to his personal description and his unusual arrival and departure. A usual version of

the advent of Quetzalcoatl, quoting from Bancroft, is as follows:

"He was a white man, of portly person, broad brow, great eyes, long, black hair, and large, round beard; of exceedingly chaste and quiet life, and of great

moderation in all things. The people had at least three reasons for the great

love, reverence and devotion with which they regarded him. First, he taught

them the silversmith's art, a craft the Cholulans greatly pride themselves on;

second, he desired no sacrifice of the blood of man or animals, but delighted only in offerings of bread, roses and other flowers of perfumes and sweet odors; third,

he prohibited and forbade all war and violence. Nor were these qualities

esteemed only in the city of his chiefest labors and teachings; from all the land

came pilgrims and devotees to the shrine of the gentle god. Even the enemies

of Cholula came and went secure, in fulfilling their vows; and the lords of

distant lands had in Cholula their chapels and idols to the common object of devotion and esteem. And only Quetzalcoatl among all the gods was preeminently called Lord; in such sort, that when anyone swore, saying. By Our

Lord, he meant Quetzalcoatl and no other; though there were many other

highly esteemed gods. For indeed the service of this god was gentle, neither

would he demand hard things but light, and he taught only virtue, abhorring

Author's note: The writer does not pose as authority for the information herein, but

rather chooses to rely on the recognized authorities; hence the frequent quotations and the

bibliography at the conclusion of this article.

QUETZALCOATL 123

all evil and hurt. Twenty years this deity remained in Cholula, then he passed

away by the road he had come, carrying with him four of the principal and most virtuous youths of that city. He journeyed for a hundred and fifty leagues till

he came to the sea, in a distant province called Goatzacoalco. Here he took leave

of his companions and sent them back to their city, instructing them to tell their fellowcitizens that a day should come in which white men would land upon their coasts, by way of the sea in which the sun rises; brethren of his and having

beards like his; and that they should rule that land. The Mexicans waited for

the accomplishment of this prophecy, and when the Spaniards came they took them for the descendants of their meek and gentle prophet, although, as Mendieta remarks with some sarcasm, when they came to know them and to experience their works, they thought otherwise."

There is another tradition pertaining to the departure of

Quetzalcoatl, in substance as follows: While Quetzalcoatl was at

Tula he was visited by one of the gods disguised as a magician, one who plays an incredible part in their traditions, who leaves heaven to live in and scourge the world. In the course of the conversation

Quetzalcoatl was told by the pretended magician that he must go to Tlapalla, and that the thing was inevitable because there was an old man waiting for him at his destination. Quetzalcoatl agreed

to go, and drank some fluid offered by the magician, which created within him a desire to start on this journey, and which made him immortal. When Father Bernardino de Sahagun was in the city

of Xuchimilco, the natives asked him where Tlapalla was. Sahagun,

never having heard of the place replied, he did not know. (Sahagun

remarks that the natives often questioned the Christians to see if they knew anything of their antiquities.) Tlapalla is considered

as being mythical among historians. Huemac, an enemy of Quetzalcoatl, pursued the latter to the sea, but he did not find him, so in

his great wrath laid waste all the country and made himself lord over it and caused the people to worship him as a god. He did this

to blot out the memory of Quetzalcoatl and for the hate he had toward him. Thus runs an established tradition of the unusual

and remarkable sojourn and departure of Quetzalcoatl in their land.

Quetzalcoatl is accredited with many virtues and powers, some of them being, the great culture hero, the god of trade, "the great organizer, the founder of cities, the framer of laws, and the teacher of their new calendar;"and by some attributed as being their

creator and head of the great and powerful priesthood of the Aztec,

Maya and Inca nations.

Historians and ethnologists differ somewhat in their conclusions. It seems that they have had a difficult task determining

whether the being was actually a god or a mortal. For a long time

past this character has been deified and worshiped, and yet his attributes and life history are so human, comments Sylvanus Griswold 124 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Morley in a government bulletin, that "it is not improbable he may have been an actual historical character, some great lawgiver and organizer, the memory of whose benefactions lingered long after death, and whose personality was eventually deified.""He came

from the West,"Morley's account of the Maya tradition continues, "and settled at Chichen Itza in the Yucatan where he ruled for many years and built a great temple. Finally, having brought the country out of war and dissension to peace and prosperity, he left by

the same way he entered; * * * after his departure he was

worshiped as a god.""But he is to return again!"the priests of his

priesthood are quoted as saying, and when he did it would be "to punish his enemies, to chastise the wicked, the oppressors and tyrants."Herein lies the reason, as has already been stated, for the

success attained by Fernando Cortez in his conquest of this area.

When the report came to the Aztec chief that the strange white men had landed on their shores great fear arose, for they supposed their ancient tradition was then to be fulfilled. And so, instead of Chief

Montezuma sending his troops against Cortez, he gave him a royal welcome and received him into the magnificent palace.

The tradition was found to be deeply implanted in the minds of these people, and consequently aroused the wonder of all who have come into contact with them and their ancient and mysterious customs and archaeology. It must indeed have been an unusual

personality to have left so lasting an impression in their tradition and art. Ethnologists and archaeologists can merely speculate and

draw their individual conclusions as to the character. Deciphered

preColumbian manuscripts are almost nonexistent, and so we are left with simply an abundance of vocal tradition, personification, and elaborate ceremony deifying his memory. The proposition is

here presented, particularly to Christians: Is it not probable that

this is the same God who personally visited the Eastern continent?

Bearing in mind that the Master spoke to the. Jews saying, "Other

sheep I have which are not of this fold; them also I must bring,"

etc., let us consider some of the evidences of his advent on the western continent, and the possibility of the Quetzalcoatl tradition having had its origin in him. But first, consider the tradition again; see

if this singular personality, the accomplishments and miraculous circumstances surrounding the advent of Quetzalcoatl centuries ago, and during the "golden age"of the Maya, might not well be attributed to the greatest Teacher of all time. It must be assumed that

the reader is acquainted with the Book of Mormon, or will take occasion to study the sacred account of the Messiah (III Nephi chapters 1130 and IV Nephi). After reading how he organized and

taught the inhabitants on this continent and that he did bring their

QUETZALCOATL 125

country out of confusion and war to sublime peace and prosperity, such as was never before dreamed of, one can appreciate the probability that this tradition originated in him. Some have drawn

this very conclusion, apparently without reference to the Book of

Mormon. Dr. Siguenza endeavors to identify this American deity

with the Apostle Thomas, and another makes the connection with

St. James. The belief that Christianity was known to the prehistoric Americans is not a new idea.

He is called Quetzalcoatl; coatl meaning serpent, as such occupying an important place in their religious life and art. It will

be remembered that Moses, in accordance with divine command, used the brazen serpent in the wilderness, that all who looked upon it should be healed from wounds inflicted by poisonous serpents.

(Num. 21:5). After that time, it is conceded by most Biblical

authorities that the serpent was recognized as a type of the Christ, and in substantiation of their claim quote from John 3: 14. (Compare Helaman 8:14 of Book of Mormon), wherein it says, 'And

as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the

Son of Man be lifted up."The serpent continued to be an object

of idolatrous reverence among the Israelites for many years; in fact,

down to the time of Hezekiah. (II Kings 18:4). The Book of

Mormon seems to indicate that this symbolism was recognized on this continent. (II Nephi 25:20.) Furthermore, the Book of Mormon indicates that their new calendar did originate with him, for

it was from the time of his birth that they commenced anew to count time over here as well as on the eastern continent. (Ill Nephi 2:8).

In my opinion, it is very likely He of whom these Indian descendants speak as their great culture hero who left, and would some day return.

Lucian Biart in his book on the Aztecs says: "It is an uncontestable fact that Quetzalcoatl created a new religion, based on

fasting, penitence and virtue. He certainly belonged to a race other

than the one he civilized; but what was his country? He died,

announcing that he would return at the head of whitefaced men;

and we have seen that the Indians believed his prophecy fulfilled when the Spaniards landed on their shores."If the "Dark Ages"

of the history of our western continent were filled in, the great priesthood in which is vested the power of the Aztec, Maya and

Inca nations would perhaps be accounted for as tradition has it, in this great organizer; also a multitude of legends, traditions, and

ceremonials pertaining to a virgin birth, the coming of the gods, as well as their ordinances of baptism and sacrament, the use of the cross, and the noble esteem with which they regard the principle of sacrifice, which topics can only be mentioned here. It was these

126 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rites and ceremonies that made many of the early Spanish priests believe that Christianity had been taught them long ago. For they

were utterly astonished at seeing these almost Christian ordinances and ceremonies carried out; also very suggestive doctrines pertaining to the trinity and incarnation.

The Spanish writer DeRoo, in his History of America Before

Columbus, tells of Father Chrestien Leclercq's astonishment when he came among the natives along the Holy Cross River. "The

ancient worship of these savages,"he says, "and their religious use of the cross would somehow make us believe that these people have in former ages received the knowledge of the Gospel and of Christianity, which they must have lost through the negligence and licentiousness of their forefathers."

The advent of Christ was the crowning event to which ancient prophets pointed, and the episode wherein Christianity had its beginning. If this religion is the "power of God unto salvation"unto

all men, should it not have been known to the admittedly advanced civilization of prehistoric America? If so, Christ would of necessity be known, and some tradition relating to the "greatest of men,"

such as is had in the superhuman Quetzalcoatl, might well be looked for.

Bibliography Reville, Religions of Mexico and Peru, p. 53.

Bancroft, Vol. III. pp. 240287.

Bulletin 28, Bureau of American Ethnology, pp. 16, 17.

Prescott, Conquest of Mexico, Vol. I, p. 80; Vol. Ill, p. 321.

Lucian Biart, The Aztecs, p. 123.

DeRoo, History of America Before Columbus.

Parable of the Rhone

Erstwhile, beside the placid river Rhone,

Paused I and pondered as I stood alone,

And marveled at the beauty of the scene.

The massive stream flows on its great course,

So wide and deep, yet noiseless in its glee,

Still rushes mad like with tremendous force,

As on it wends its way towards the sea.

From this majestic memory, oft I scan

The field of effort shown in human skill.

See how true merit in the life of man

Runs broad and deep, to execute his will,

How, like a river, man in varied poise,

The greater be the life, the less the noise.

Los Angeles, Calif OCTAVE F. URSENBACH

The Man of Nazareth Address Delivered by Hon. Milton H. Welling at the

U. A. C, November 23, 1927

Two thousand years ago the man of asserted "fact"of my toobrief college days,

Nazareth turned upon his inquisitors with that the atom was the indivisible unit of a question of his own, "What think ye matter. Today you tell us much more

of Christ? Whose son is he?"about the atom. I quote, "The atom of

May I have the boldness to use that as many elements is more complex in struc- a text for the few observations I shall ture than a piano. Its structure is ancen-make today? The world has been seeking alogous to that of our solar system—a

a solution to that question for almost 20 tral sun with planets revolving around it.

centuries. What I may say today will not The atom has its nucleus with revolving

add a single new idea to the perplexed attendants, the distances between which thought of mankind about it; but what are relatively comparable to interplanetary

you and I think and feel about it today distances in our solar system."

will most certainly influence our own lives Thirty years ago, I was credulous and, in a large measure, determine what enough to believe after two years of chemmanner of men we ourselves shall be. istry and physics that I was reasonably fa-

I beg leave to say that I have not the miliar with the composition of matter.

least right to approach the subect from Today, I have just finished reading the a scientific point of view, but, after all, "Mystery of Matter."What I then set

men are usually influenced more by what down as fact you denounce and utterly they feel than by what they know. Espedisprove today.

cially, as in this case, if their reputed If the scientific mind, looking down knowledge bannot be subjected to the through the microscope, has utterly reconsearching conclusions of a laboratory test. structed its notion of the smallest known

My firm belief is that any system of edquantity in the world, I may be pardoned ucation which has for its ultimate conif I question the right of that mind when clusion a denial of the divinity of the it casually looks up into the universe and mission of Jesus of Nazareth is a menace to denies the existence of God and the immacthe State. ulate conception of his son Jesus Christ.

this necessary mir- I do not care how far the deductions of I do not know how the evolutionist may go if he will stop acle of man's relationship to Deity was short of making the acknowledged Savior brought about, but that limitation ought in of mankind a mere man. I regret to say itself to forbid the arrogant assertion of

that one comes in contact with students unbelief in God.

sometimes who are graduated from our Last winter I delivered an address over schools with noisy proclamations of their the radio. The immediate audience was

unbelief. They appear to think they have made up of 1,500 college men and womanother achieved impressive confirmation of their en, but 300 miles away was

knowledge if they can attack faith in audience who could hear every word I

God and the divinity of the mission of spoke, every breath I drew. No human

Jesus, the Christ. being understands the processes by which

Is it too much to ask men and women the voice is carried through space, but we in our colleges to maintain, at least, the know it is so transmitted to remote statolerance in this matter that they do in tions. If my voice can reach my friends

their ordinary theories, or, if they will, at great distance under such imperfect "facts"of science. agencies as man's devices, I shall not doubt

Times change. I remember the stoutly the solemnly considered word of the man

128 IMPROVEMENT ERA

who declares that God has spoken to him they be respectfully laid aside without and proclaimed the truth of his existence. prejudice until such time as they receive

I said in the beginning that any theory a glorious confirmation in the fuller of education which denies God and the knowledge of the future.

divine mission of the Savior of mankind In conclusion, I quote an estimate is a menace to the State. I say this beof the Master by one not holding my

cause the world has advanced more rapidly religious views:

under the influence of the Christian re- "There is a man who was born in an ligion than under other systems of philobscure village, the child of a peasant osophy. Greek civilization, based upon woman. He grew up in another obscure

the love of beauty, could not endure. Rovillage. He worked in a carpenter's shop

man civilization was based upon the docuntil he was thirty, and then for three years trine of brute force. It could not meet he was an itinerant preacher. He never

the need of the world. Civilization has wrote a book. He never held an office.

reached its loftiest heights under the inHe never went to college. He never put

fluence of the teachings of Jesus of Nazarhis foot inside a big city. He never traveth, who substituted the law of love for eled two hundred miles from the place he

the law of force. was born. He never did one of the things

In 1914 a great English statesman said that usually accompanies greatness. He

that he saw "no way out of the present had no credentials but himself. He had

crisis in our civilization unless there should, nothing to do with in this world except perchance, arise a religious leader of the the naked power of his divine manhood.

simplicity, dignity and exaltation of char- "While still a young man the tide of acter of Jesus of Nazareth, who could popular opinion turned against him. His

lead the nations to peace, justice and brothfriends ran away. One of them denied

erhood."him; another betrayed him. He was

Henry C. Emery, professor of economics turned over to his enemies. He went

of Yale University, has said, "We are told through the mockery of a trial. He was

by some writers that the world is waiting nailed on the cross between two thieves.

in an agony of expectation for some great His executioners gambled for the only social philosopher who shall bring to it the piece of property he had on earth while he new message of salvation. If so the world was dying, and that was his coat. When

is wrong, for there is no message to bring he was dead he was taken down and laid it peace from its manifold ills, save that in a borrowed grave through the pity of a heard nineteen centuries ago from the profriend.

foundest of all social philosophers, the man "Nineteen wide centuries have come and of Nazareth."gone, and today he is the center of the hu-

I believe these statements are true, and man race, and the leader of the column of believe also that he was the literal Son of progress. I am far within the mark when

Redeemer of the world. I say that all the armies that ever marched,God—the

If there are things about such a declaraand all the navies that were ever built, and tion, common alike to most of our reall the parliaments that ever sat. and all the

ligious experiences, which seem to conflict kings that ever reigned, put together, have with the conclusion we reach in our chemnot affected the life of man upon this earth ical and physical laboratories, I ask that as profitably as has that one solitary man."

One fact stands out in bold relief in the history of men's attempts for betterment. That is, that when compulsion is used, only resentment is aroused, and in

the end nothing is gained. Only through moral suasion and appeal to men's

reason can a movement succeed. Samuel Gompers.

Folly's Remedy By M. E. Petersen

Jim Hathaway didn't see how anyone town at once, and for good, they could could love an enemy, especially if that expect trouble.

enemy happened to be Sandy Fraser. MisJim knew Fraser too well to consider

sionary though he was, he declared over lightly the trouble part of the threat.

and over again that nothing could make That was Sunday. In the evening the

him love that malicious, foulmouthed two elders were to hold their usual meetand hateful man. ing in a theatre which was> on the second

This decision didn't come to Jim in a floor of a corner building, above a grocery moment. He had labored for three months store and a Chinese laundry, down near

as a "Mormon"missionary in Windsor, Water street.

Nova Scotia, and had made a number of On reaching home, Jim told Elder friends. Though many people in this Slater, his companion, of his encounter

little Acadian town were indifferent to with Sandy Fraser, and asked what he both his message and himself, Jim knew thought they should do about his threat.

of only one man who, openly at least, 'What do the police think about Fraser,was an enemy. That man was Sandy Elder Hathaway?"

Fraser.

Whenever there was the least excuse for "Oh, they don't take him seriously.

They have had him in jail several times it, and often without excuse or provocafor drunkenness, but they've always> lettion of any kind, Fraser had wantonly him go the next morning,"replied theattacked the reputation of the elders, had senior elder. circulated false reports and had stirred

up a great deal of prejudice against them. "If it's all right with you, I'll talk

The elders in their work scarcely held to the mayor about him tomorrow,"vol- a street meeting which Fraser didn't disunteered Elder Slater.

turb in some manner. One evening as The two young men prepared to hold

Jim was preaching on the street corner, their Sabbath evening services. It was

Sandy had turned a fire hose upon the a beautiful day, and there was> every proslistening crowd and had escaped before pect of a large turnout and a successful anyone could catch him. And more than meeting. Both elders would speak.

once, after exceeding his usual intake of liquor, highly intoxicated, he had come The crowd didn't disappoint them, and and set the street corner congregation in the hall was well filled, most of their an uproar by trying to imitate the misfriends being present, in addition to a numsionaries in their speaking. ber of strange faces. After the preliminJim felt that he had stood about all ary singing and praying, Elder Slater spoke

he could from Fraser, and was tempted on baptism and was followed by Jim, who spoke at some length on the Golden to show the ruffian what a little Western spirit and two Western fists could do, Rule, hoping in thisi manner to ward off some of the ill feeling that he knew Fraser desisting, however, to maintain his ministerial dignity and to avoid opening the was fomenting. He also noticed some of

Fraser's friends in the congregation. way for any more persecution.

But this very afternoon Sandy Fraser, Just as Jim was concluding his remarks, meeting the elder as he returned from a large stone crashed through one of the visiting an investigator, warned the young front windows, falling on the floor imman that unless he and his companion left mediately in front of the speaker's stand.

130 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"That's Fraser,"said the elder to himin place of his companion's curly brown self. head was a hastily scribbled note: "I'm

Several smaller missiles were hurled stealing a march on them, and have gone through the window, some landing among to see the mayor before he hears their the congregation, causing a number of the version of last night's affair."

people to make for the door. In an atJim felt a glow of pride within him.

tempt to maintain order while he dismissed It wasn't half bad to fight a mob with a the meeting, Jim appealed to the congrecompanion like that.

gation to remain seated while he proAfter a hurried breakfast, Jim left the nounced the benediction, but no one lishouse. As he went out he saw a large

tened to him and in a moment the hall sign crudely painted, hanging on the fence.

was empty. It read, "Three o'clock ends them 24

"Master, the tempest is raging,"quoted hours."

Elder Slater in his characteristic humor- "Well, they've advanced the time on ous manner. There never had been a us,"Jim said to himself.

cloud in which he hadn't found a silver Frankly worried, he went down tolining. ward the harbor. He wanted to think.

"Tempest is right,"returned Jim, putWindsor is beautifully situated on an ting out the lights and joining his comarm of the north Atlantic. Thi9 arm,

panion at the door. narrow but deep, reaches for some disOutside the two missionaries were contance inland, and is usually spoken of as

fronted by a large crowd of infuriated Windsor river because of the swift current townsmen with Fraser at their head. of the water at change of tide.

"Now we're givin'you fellas just 24 There are few places on the Atlantic hours to get out o'this town under your seaboard where there is a greater differown steam. If you're still here tomorrow ence in the depth of water at high and

at this time you'll have to be carried out, low tide than at Windsor, where at high and that's final,"Fraser informed them tide the water rises nearly 30 feet.

boisterously. Spanning the river were two bridges,

Elder Slater clutched Jim's arm, but one a railroad bridge, and the other a neither elder spoke. Fraser started shoutwagon and foot bridge. At intervals

ing again, but still the elders said nothing, across the span both bridges were set upon and proceeded down the sidewalk toward heavy, square pillars of rock masonry, and their rooms. Sandy followed them a short deep whirlpools were formed on the lee

distance, emitting a series of oaths and side of the pillars a9 the water rushed in more threats. Elder Slater turned around or out to make the 30foot rise or fall

as though to answer him when his hat of tide in the allotted 12 hours.

was knocked off, and he felt a spatter Deep in thought, Jim walked out upon of something cold and wet on his face and the wagon bridge nearly to midstream, down his neck. where he leaned against a railing watching

"Run, Elder Hathaway,"he shouted, the ebbing tide rush out to the ocean.

"They're throwing eggs at us."He noticed the driftwood hurry past

And run they did, with a hundred the bridge, only to be caught in the inshouting mobbers behind them, and eggs, evitable whirlpools which tarried it far beseemingly of no recent vintage, flying all neath the surface, not to be seen again for about them. Reaching their boarding a hundred yards down 9tream. Nothing,

house they quickly entered and went to it seemed to Jim, escaped those eddies.

their rooms, from where they could hear "They're dangerous,"the youth said to the mob shouting and blaspheming outhimself.

side, with occasional eggs spattering against The water had a soothing effect on his the window panes. worried mind, and temporarily he forgot

Next morning Jim awoke to find himall about Sandy Fraser and his threats. He

self alone in his room. On the pillow even forgot the suit ruined in the barrage

FOLLY'S REMEDY 131

of scrambled eggs the night before. He the edge of the cement, making a small

could hear some children at play someledge all around the pillar. In his heart,

where behind him, on the banks or on Jim thanked the workman who had planthe railroad bridge. All seemed at peace ned that ledge.

to Jim in his reverie. He continued to hang on for what

He wondered where Elder Slater was, seemed to him an interminable length of and how he succeeded in his interview time, before the level of the water finally with the mayor, and wished for the comdropped below the top of the concrete.

pany of the younger missionary, ever the Then he carefully laid the limp form of embodiment of optimism and courage. little Bobby on the ledge and climbed up

Suddenly a cry rent the child's himself. Hurriedly he worked with the air—a

cry. It startled Jim. It was a cry for child, applying what firstaid measures

help. Then came many cries, and turnhe knew.

ing, Jim could see the little boys he had Successful in draining the water from previously heard, feverishly motioning to the boy's stomach, Jim rubbed Bobby's him and pointing to a little form strughands and arms and legs to bring back gling in midstream. A child had fallen the circulation. Bobby responded, opened

into the ebbing tide from the railroad his eyes, began to cry pitifully, and then bridge! Jim gasped with horror as he sank back into unconsciousness. Jim was

thought of the whirlpools and the driftdistracted. He didn't know what else to

wood. He must save that child! do for the boy. He renewed his massagThrowing off his coat and hat, Jim ing, but with no apparent result.

climbed the railing on the old iron bridge,

Jim became frantic. He rubbed and got his bearings, and plunged 20 feet

down to the water. The current pulled rubbed, and massaged the boy's whole

him under farther than he thought he body. He called to him, dashed cold water

should have gone from the force of the in his face, did everything he could think wouldn't Bobby come to? dive but after a struggle he came to the of. Why

that he surface just as the drowning child passed The rescuer then remembered him, going down stream. Jim lunged forwas a missionary, and he prayed. Shiverward, and with a few strokes caught one ing himself with the cold, the youth

life. of the little boy's hands. As he turned pleaded with Deity to save the child's

He felt more confident then, and continthe limp body in his arms to secure a better hold for him swim to land, the elder ued his massaging, and Bobby opened his looked into the unconscious face. It was eyes.

Sandy Fraser's son, Bobby. Soon he heard footsteps on the bridge

Then Jim's head struck something hard, above, and took heart. At last help was

and it dazed him. He felt himself being coming, he thought to himself. Then

pounded against what seemed to him a he heard voices, and recognized one of solid wall, and the water roared in his ears. them, that of Bobby's father, on his way

Barely conscious, he gripped the tiny form to Falmouth to work.

in his one arm, and with the other hand The footsteps paused just above Jim's grasped the stone pillar under the bridge head, and he heard Sandy curse.

against which his head had struck. "It's that crazy 'Mormon's'coat and

That bump on the head weakened Jim, hat, and some of his books, too. Well,

and he wondered how long he could hold he won't use them any more,"he heard on to the stonework. He looked about Sandy say. Then he saw his coat and hat,

for help, but could see no one. which he left on the bridge when he leaped

As the waters receded with the ebb of for Bobby, and the few tracts he always the tide, Jim noticed the concrete footing carried in his pocket, drop into the stream on which the stone work was built, apand drift out toward the ocean.

pearing near the surface. The stonework Jim's anger rose instantly at Sandy's

had been placed about two feet back from act. And it was his son he had saved!

132 IMPROVEMENT ERA

He looked at the child at his side and the Elder Slater had just left when a pitiful face smiled up at him. How could large man came running up the steps, into

little Bobby be the son of so hardhearted the house without knocking, and burst a man, Jim wondered. Was Sandy into Jim's room. It was Sandy. Jim

cruel to him, or was he really as bad as wondered what time it was, and if his he appeared? twentyfour hours grace was up.

The meditations of the missionary were But big Sandy was half sobbing. Once

interrupted by the arrival of a launch inside the room his haste ceased, and hesicarrying several longshoremen and Elder tatingly he neared Jim's bed. With broken

Slater who, attracted to the wharf by the voice he began to speak.

excitement there, had heard something "You never did strike back at me when about a "Mormon"in the river and had I have been hurting you. And now you've

insisted on going out in the boat. saved my boy, when you might have let

"Good boy,"shouted Elder Slater to him drown. From now on I'm your

Jim as the launch pulled alongside the friend. If 'Mormonism'makes men like

big rock pillar. you, I'd like to be a 'Mormon.'

Jim helped little Bobby into the boat "I wish you would be,"replied Jim and then climbed in himself. The men cheerfully.

took Bobby home, and Elder Slater hurStill sobbing, big Sandy shuffled out of ried Jim to their rooms and put him to the room.

bed. Alone again, Jim thanked God for the

"You were wonderful, Elder Hathway Sandy's heart had been softened. After

away,"said his companion, praising him all, Fraser wasn't so bad, he had merely warmly for his heroic act. misunderstood the elder's message. And a

"No I wasn't,"answered Jim, "I did kind act had conquered him.

only what anyone would have done under Jim was glad now that Bobby had those circumstances. But I do wish, Elder fallen into the river, and that he had

Slater, if you don't mind, that you would risked his own life to get the boy out go down to Bobby's house and see how again. It was one way of doing missionhe is. Sandy will be at work, so you ary a successful way, Jim work—quite

needn't fear him."thought.

I was born an American; I live an American; I shall die an American,

and I intend to perform the duties incumbent upon me in that character to the end of my career. I mean to do this with absolute disregard of personal consequences. What are the personal consequences? What is the individual man,

with all the good or evil that may betide him, in comparison with the good or evil which may befall a great country, and in the midst of great transactions which concern that country's fate? Let the consequences be what they will; I

am careless. No man can suffer too much, and no man can fall too soon, if he

suffer, or if he fall, in defense of the liberties and constitution of his country.

Daniel Webster.

Twelve Things to Remember: I. The value of time. 2. The success of

perseverance. 3. The pleasure of working. 4. The dignity of simplicity. 5.

The worth of character. 6. The power of kindness. 7. The influence of

example. 8. The obligation of duty. 9. The wisdom of economy. 10. The

virtue of patience. 11. The improvement of talent. 12. The joy of originating. Marshall Field.

The Magic Cord By Stella Pugmire Rich "Are you my daddy?"on the mountain side, their green alDan Walters, half way down the most black in the fast fading twilight.

car steps, turned sharply. He was not Dan Walters gave a quick glance at

prepared for the quality in that voice them and then looked at his son. The

or the sight of the sturdy little face little face with its rapt look gave his that gazed at him curiously from the heart a queer twist. How many times

back seat of the waiting Ford. he had seen that selfsame expression

"This isn't Kent, Aunt Martha?"on Helen's face!

he asked incredulously of the old "No more of that,"he told himself woman who sat beside the child. sternly. "Life is through hurting me."

"Yes, I am,"the boy cried, "and It was dark when the car drew up

I could tell you by your picture."before his aunt's house. The two

He leaned out of the car better to curtainless windows, yellow with view his tall, broadshouldered father. lamplight, cut the gloom like a cat's

"Sit down,"the woman's harsh eyes. Dan had always hated those

voice commanded. "You're pulling the windows since the day he, anorphaned,

quilt off me."And then peering out of homesick lad of twelve, had sought

nearsighted eyes at her nephew, she the shelter of his aunt's roof. He recontinued, "Land sakes, Dan, six years membered having once asked her why

in Cuba hasn't changed your body but she didn't fix her windows like other your face is a heap sight older."people's, and she had answered short-

"And you. Aunt Martha; rheumaly that she had nothing to hide from

tism as bad as ever?"the world.

"Worse."she answered shortly, Eliza, Aunt Martha's dullwitted

"and sitting here in the cold doesn't daughter, threw open the kitchen door help it any."and a shaft of light revealed a freshly

"That's right."Dan threw his scrubbed threshold. At sight of it a

traveling bag into the car, thinking as spiritual nausea seized Dan. It was

he did so that there were things about the one physical thing that he rememAunt Martha which the years hadn't bered as he had stumbled out of the changed either. She still aroused the house that day after Helen's funeral.

old antagonism in him. He had gone there with the nurse

He swung himself into the front to leave the baby, for Aunt Martha seat, shook hands with the old neighhad insisted upon having it. "We

bor at the wheel, and with a rattle the can't leave it for strangers, even if I'm car was off. not able to take care of it,"and Dan,

The air was biting cold but only a numb with grief over his loss, had fringe of snow lined the hardfrozen accepted her offer.

road. Usually Jackson Hole was The child disposed of, he could

buried in snow in December. Dan make a clean break. A ranger's life

drew his coat closer around him and now was unbearable. He'd take up

watched the flying landscape. that Cuba proposition. No trailing,

"Look! look! Aunt Martha and ravelled threads there to hold him to

you,"a chubby hand pounded fiercely his past.

at Dan's back, "there's some baby The responsibility of fatherhood

Christmas trees having a party."troubled him not at all. It was as

A group of young pines stood alone yet unborn. There was no room for

134 IMPROVEMENT ERA

anything but the ache of Helen's death did set a good doubt about table—no

and a desire to get away. When the that. Those hadn't doughnuts—Dan

nurse, hoping to lighten the dread tasted anything like them for years!

message she was forced to give him, Now if Aunt Martha would just rehad placed the child in his arms, he had tire and let one eat in peace. It wasn't

looked at it with dull anger. so bad, though. While eating good

"Take it away,"he said. "I never food one could afford to ignore much

want to see it."of her naggjng. Dan closed his ears

And not once in the six years that and began to relax and a pleasant followed had his attitude toward his silence, seemingly, settled over the son changed. Superintending a sugar room.

plantation left little time even for grief A loud sucking sound suddenly disand the memory of his sorrow, becomturbed the quiet. Kent had attempted

ing dimmer each day, would ultimate- a hazardous thing. A long noodle

ly have died, as had thoughts of his half way down his throat choked him.

son, except that Aunt Martha's letter Aunt Martha turned swiftly, her made this homecoming imperative. anger was so vehement that Dan found

The Melbournes wanted to adopt himself feeling guilty. The thousands

Kent, to fill a vacancy left by the of times that same look and sharp death of their own child. Dan must words had cut in on his own pleasure

do something about him anyway. She could not be forgotten.

couldn't keep him any longer. Her "For that,"she said, "you get no

rheumatism was getting worse and more supper tonight. Put on your

Kent was a handful for an uncrippled coat and mittens and take the milk person. Dan must come home and down to Melbournes."

see about it. Personally she thought The boy got up slowly. Dan saw

he'd better let them adopt the child. him regarding Aunt Martha with eyes

And Dan, reading the letter in farof smouldering hate. It was an awful

away Cuba, had decided Aunt Martha expression for a sixyear-old.

was right, provided the Melbournes "Poor little kid,"he thought; "I

were the proper kind of people. All know just how he feels. The next

he knew about them was the fact that thing he'll probably be smoking bethe man had succeeded him as ranger. hind the barn as a protest against her

If he could but arrange the whole everlasting meanness, or will run thing by mail! But something in his away."

nature forbade that. Much as he It had been criminal to leave the

shrank from opening up the past again child with her at all. He should have

inby a visit to oldhome scenes, he must known better. They were as two

see these people personally. Mighty struments keyed to different pitches.

result. Shelucky thing the New York office was No harmony could ever

calling him in for a conference. He had been hard enough to live with

would take two weeks off and clear up when he was a boy. He saw now that

the child's future once and for all. the years had added hardness. Thank

Might as well sell "Crow's Nest,"too, heaven the Melbournes were coming while he was about it. The sooner tomorrow. He knew without seeing

the last cord was cut the better. them that he would give his full con-

"Supper's ready,"Aunt Martha ansent to the adoption.

nounced presently, as Eliza dished food "Are you afraid of the dark, Kent?"

from the stove to the redcovered table. he asked kindly, as the boy went out

The heavy bowls of steaming soup the door with the bottle of milk. Kent

filled the air with a pleasant aroma shook his head.

almost forgotten in a country where "Afraid?"Aunt Martha gave a

one eats for coolness. Aunt Martha short laugh. "I wish he were. I'd

THE MAGIC CORD 135 know how to punish him then. He's A light overspread the child's face.

absolutely fearless. I want you back "Goodnight, daddy, and Merry

here in twenty minutes,"she called. Christmas."

"Don't you dare stop to visit."And The big door swung open. The

then to Dan, "Mrs. Melbourne was flickering light of the candle swayed

up yesterday to see if they could keep to and fro in the gulf of darkness beKent over Christmas but I told them yond. Up the narrow stairs Kent

they'd get plenty of him if you dewent with one quick backward glance.

cided to let them adopt him."The house closed in upon Dan like

When the child returned, all bitteran enemy. Now that the boy was

ness had vanished from his face. "I gone he felt that he could not stand

know the best story about Christmas to stay in this influence another minEve,"he announced. "Mrs. Melbourne ute. He longed for the dull apathy of

corned half way home with me and his Cuban life where the old resentshe told me about it."ment toward Aunt Martha, the newly

"Well, keep it to yourself. I want opened wounds of Helen's death and

it quiet here. Eliza, bring his sleepers. these heart twistings that Kent gave

It's ten o'clock. Time he was in bed."him were unknown. He was glad that

"Oh, Aunt Martha, can't I stay up? he had planned to stay but two nights.

I bet he'd like to hear that story."But why stay that stay long—why

There was a note of wistfulness in the more than one? His mind worked

child's voice. It trailed over the last rapidly. If he went up to "Crow's

words as if he hoped the verdict might Nest"tonight and made an inventory be repealed. of the things there he could arrange by

Aunt Martha had turned her back. letter with his lawyer to list the place

"Don't notice their coaxings and for sale. He would see the Melbournes

they'll quit,"she said to Dan. tomorrow morning and have some-

"Perhaps you can tell me in the one drive him over to Victor in time morning, Kent,"the father added. to catch the evening train.

"It's pretty late for little boys to be "Aunt Martha,"he said, "I'm goup."ing up to 'Crow's Nest'tonight to

The child made no further comsee about some things before I list the ment. Dan noticed that he laid his cabin for sale."

clothes away with a neatness foreign "Land sakes, Dan, that's too far to a normal Martha's eyes tonight."boy—Aunt

were upon him. "Nothing of the sort. It's only a

As his naked little figure slipped mile. The walk will do me good."

into the sleeping garments the thought "Well, suit yourself, but bring in struck Dan that it would be fun to that parcel from the granary first. It's

romp with this little chap, but a lifesomething the Melbournes left for time of repression of his own play inKent. I got him some warm understincts left him aghast at his own declothes. I don't take much stock in

sire. Christmas, but the Melbournes do."

Kent picked up his candle and As Dan unwrapped the parcel, a trudged off toward the big door that sled, long, red and shiny, came into led upstairs. Something touching view, and suddenly he found himself

about the lonely little figure stirred the ashamed that he had forgotten it was man's heart. He reached out a hand time when one rememChristmas—a

and patted the boy on the shoulder bers little children with gifts. He

as he passed. had never once thought of it, but these

"Good night, son,"and stopped Melbournes had. They had sent a

embarrassed at that strange word on sled to his boy. Why hadn't he

his lips. thought of it himself? True, he had

136 IMPROVEMENT ERA

always been generous with the check he the new teacher in the little town behad sent Aunt Martha for Kent's keep, low and had brought the children out but he had left the matter of presents for a picnic.

to her, and by her own words she "What 'crow's nest'is this?"she

didn't take much stock in Christmas. had inquired gaily at the doorway, the

Yet, she was no more to blame than children peering in behind her.

he was. It would be fun to watch "This 'crow's nest?'"he answered.

he wished he had been the "You don't mind if I do?"sled—butthat youngster's face when he saw the "Won't you come in and inspect it?"

giver instead of the Melbournes. Dan hadn't minded in the least and

But why let thoughts like this disbefore the year was over Helen had turb him? Tomorrow he would be entered time as a bride. again—this

far away from it all. For one blissful month they had lived

When he came in Eliza had gone to here honeymooning, before her mothbed and Aunt Martha was wrapping a er's death had called her East. Afterflat iron in a flannel for her lame foot. ward Dan had been transferred to an-

"Your candle is on the kitchen other district, so the little cabin stood table, Dan. Sleep in the east room as they had left it. But what a month

upstairs,"she called to him as she it had been! The cozy little suppers

closed her bedroom door. Dan put before the fire, the breath of wild flowthe candle in his pocket and went out ers with which she decked the room,

into the night. The little log houses the hundred and one things that had

clustering around the church looked made the little cabin alive with happicold and bleak, but he strode on ness. The stencilled burlap at the

through the pines until his own cabin windows was Helen's work. The

came into view. He unlocked the door birchbark magazine rack with its oddand struck a light. Fumbling in his ly twisted legs had been built at her

pocket, he brought out the candle and suggestion. Everywhere were evidences

placed it in a weird pinecone candleof her beautyloving touch.

stick he had made years before. Dan heaped more wood on the fire

Investigation showed wood still in and began savagely to list the pieces the shanty at the back. He carried it of furniture. He had thought that

in, placed it in the crude rock firethis black despair was all behind him.

place and soon had the flames leaping If only the wind would stop howling!

eagerly up the chimney. He drew up The whole thing was getting on his

a rough chair that his own hands had nerves.

fashioned. He would sit here by the There on a shelf were a few scatfire a few minutes and then go through tered books, favorites they had kept

things. out for that first summer's reading. He

There in the window a brightly picked up Omar's Rubaiyat, and as he painted clay flower pot still supported did so a piece of paper fluttered to the some withered stocks. Wild flowers floor. His toe caught the end of it

Helen had gathered. He drew in a and sent it flying toward the fire. Some

long breath. He had built this cabin old memorandum. He was always

the first year he had been a ranger tucking things away. And yet, that

a release from Aunt Martha's nagging hardly looked like his notes. He picked

during the few months his work kept it up. The paper was thick and

him in this vicinity. High on a steep creamy and he thought he caught a

incline, it was the last step between faint odor of violets. Something of

the little scattered town and the dense Helen's! It was dated September 21,

forest beyond. He was just finishing 1921, and began "Mother, dearest."

very day sheit when Helen had walked into it and September 21—the

into his heart as well. She had been had received word of her mother's

THE MAGIC CORD 137

death. She must have begun that the house corners and then, spent, died

letter before the telegram came, and away in a wail up the canyon.

then, in her grief and the excitement of A deathlike silence followed, shatleaving, either he or she had tucked it tered a moment after by a crunching away in that book. sound as if someone dragged a heavy

"Can you realize who addresses object across the frozen ground. At

you?"it read, 'Mrs. Dan Walters; the door it stopped. Dan was not paryes, really. I can hardly realize it ticularly afraid but he grasped a halfmyself but Dan solemnly assures me burned pine knot before he threw open

that it is true. the door.

"A whole month of heaven. We've There on the threshold stood his

hiked, spent blissful hours in making son and behind him he dragged a shiny furniture for our 'Crow's Nest,'and red sled.

last night we stayed up until four "It's just been born to me,"he o'clock reading An American Idyll. gasped, out of breath.

At my suggestion we've actually "But Kent,"his father cried, drawcleared and enlarged a natural deing the boy into the shadowy room, pression below our big piny spring for "why are you here? You don't mean

a bath. No city comforts lacking here! to tell me that you came up the hill

It's such fun to don bathing suits and all alone?"

take a nice shivery dip before break- "Oh, that's nothin'. I come up

fast. here lots of times. You see,"he ex-

"Oh, but mother, you should have plained, "I ain't never afraid to go seen Dan's face when I first splashed away from Aunt Martha's and I've over with this pagan suggestion of an got you to go back with."

outdoor bathroom. He looked so "But Kent, how did you know I

shocked! You see, he's just learning was here?"

been denied so told Aunt Martha,"he answered intoness—poorplay and boy—he'she's half afraid of happi- "I listened at the keyhole when youmuch of it. His boyhood must have nocently. "I'd been here before but it

been tragic, though he doesn't say so started to snow and the old wind even to me. I can't describe Aunt about losted me, and I had to bring

Martha to you but she's everything my sled. I couldn't leave that, could

you are not. If we ever have children I?"

they are going to live in a glorified / listened at the keyhole. In a flash

home life like ours was, mother dear. Dan saw the child's philosophy. The

Do you remember that fairy story you things you wanted to do most must used to tell me about that shiny magic be done on the sly. Aunt Martha stopcord that bound all our own family to ped every natural thing. His boy, his

our own hearthstone? The golden own flesh and blood, left to an influstrands were love, the dark flecks, ence like that! And he himself had done

heartache, and woven in together they it, even when he had known Aunt gave a strength that couldn't be Martha as he did. Even now he was

broken. Don't you see, mother, what contemplating letting the Melbournes

I have to make up to Dan? He's take his child completely away frommissed so—"A little splash of ink him. It had taken a letter from the

told of an abrupt stop. dead to shake the scales from his eyes.

Dan's eyes were wet. Yes, he had surely lost that golden

At that moment a gust of wind tore cord.

open the door. He reached blindly to He took his boy in his arms. At the

close it and the candle went out. The touch of the little hands upon his neck

wind continued to rage at the door, it something broke within him. Torrattled the windows, shrieked around tures of remorse of which he had

138 IMPROVEMENT ERA

never dreamed, exultation, humility, hold you in like Aunt Martha's love, all fought for supremacy and as house."

they fought a part of him was dimly "Son, that's just what we'll do.

conscious that this agony must be like Here, you curl up in my overcoat till physical birth. morning. We'll go down early

"I'm glad you corned home to me, enough to get there before Aunt Mardaddy."Kent whispered shyly. tha gets up. We'll get covers and food

The prodigal son must have felt like and come back for a day or two bethis when he felt his father's arms fore I take you to Cuba. What do

around him. Here the roles were reyou say?"

versed. He was the prodigal and the "Why I feel like I daddy—daddy,

child was welcoming him back. Six was made new."

years of eating husks when this Just before daybreak the man and awaited him. For husks were husks boy started for town. The ground

whether you called them lotus bloswas white with snow, which still fell soms or not. What a fool he'd been! in large, lazy flakes. Through the

If God and Helen would forgive rich green of the pines opened a vista him, he would make it up to Kent of the town and beyond it the eastern some way. What Helen had planned sky.

to do for him he must do alone for "Here, son, better get on my back.

their son. Kent must meet life joy- I'll pull the sled."

ously, spontaneously, honorably. It They went on in silence for a space

was his work to guide and develop and then: "Say, son, what was that

that poetic imagination that made story you wanted to tell me last parties for Christmas trees. He must night?"

teach Kent not to run away from sor- "Oh, it was somethin'about an row as he had meeting it angel singing 'Unto you a child is done—that

gives one added strength. but look, daddy, it's getborn'—Oh,

"Oh, daddy, why couldn't we stay ting light."

up here a whole long time? It doesn't "Yes, son,"Dan answered humbly,

Provo, Utah "it's getting light."

Recreation "Run, if you like, but try to keep your "He who eats must work"is part of breath; a good old saying. Work of the right

Work like a man! but don't be worked sort, hard, honest work, will hurt no

to death."one, but there must also be a breathing

The above lines have been credited spell, a time for recreation, for play.

to Holmes, who, it is asserted, wrote Jack doesn't want to be a dull bov, them as a satire and sent them to a but neither should he want to sit in lazy friend on St. Valentine's day. the evening shade of life a physical

But Holmes wasn't exactly aiming a junk heap.

blow at the lazy man; his idea was to Let us run a good race, but not to

give some wholesome advice to the the extent of exhausting all the breath fellow who thinks the "wagging"of in our bodies, nor all our vitality. Tt

the whole world depends upon his isn't a good thing for us, and neither being on the job 20 hours every day. can we do our employer justice; but

He also voiced a warning against this doesn't mean that we should only conditions which he saw prophetically: work eight hours and then spend

the heartbreaking race for fortune twelve in violent exercise. We might

with a physical and mental wreck at as well be working. Moderation in

the end of the track of twentiethcen- all things is good advice. Arranged

tury life in America. by Geo. D. Kirby.

An Interesting Group This picture was taken at Lagoon, Soren Jespersen and A. T. Christensen,

Aug. 2, 1928, as one feature of an excurDanish; Oscar Bergstrom, Algot Johnson,

sion, arranged by foreignspeaking and Carl Ericson, Swedish; Niels A. Mork,

Church members in Salt Lake City, under Ramm Hansen and Anton Lerdahl, Northe auspices of the committee appointed wegian. The newspapers are represented

by the Church Authorities to direct their by Adam L. Petersen, general business

religious meetings and publications. manager: J. M. Sjodahl, editor; John S.

The specially invited guests are PresHansen, Jean Wunderlich, Margaret Hoyer ident Heber J. Grant, U. S. Senator Wm. and Wm. DeBry, assistant editors.

H. King, Governor George H. Dern, Pres. It was probably the first attempt ever

Rulon S. Wells, vicechairman of the made in Utah to unite various foreigncommittee mentioned, who, in the ablanguage organizations in one social funcsence of Dr. John A. Widtsoe, presides tion, with a program entirely American

in the meetings of the committee; and in both form and spirit. It was a great

Elder Andrew Jenson, one of the assistsuccess. Over 2.500 excursionists enjoyed

ant Church historians. The gentleman the day. Someone facetiously remarked

on the right side of Pres. Heber J. Grant that the many tongues reminded him of

is his brother, Jedediah M. Grant. the day of Pentecost.

The brethren who preside over the orThe addresses made by President Heber ganizations represented are, Isaac P. J. Grant, Governor Dern and Senator

Thunell, John S. Hansen and Christian King were appropriate and well received.

Johannesen. Scandinavian; Philip Tadje, The various numbers on the program,

Henry Miller and Carl Weissenberger, especially the Swedish dances and the singGerman; Johannes Springer, Peter Noorda ing of the different organizations, were

and Arent Lugt, Hollanders; Julius Bruun, well carried out and enjoyable.

Messages from the Missions The Netherlands Mission By President John P. Lillywhite

'Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature."

So spake the Master in parting with fulfilled, for, as Jesus appeared to his his chosen disciples in Galilee long Galilean disciples, so has he again apyears ago. With wondering awe they peared to men on earth in these last

stood gazing at his glorified body, days, and has given them authority, which still bore the nail prints in repeating his message of old, "Go ye hands and feet, into all the world proof of his sufferand preach the gosing on the cross. pel to every creaWith what a thrill ture."

of joy they must It has been my have listened to his good fortune to magnetic message, labor as a mission- "Peace be unto ary for more than you!"Their eight years in Holtroubled spirits land, the little land

were refreshed as reclaimed from the by the dew of sea by means of heaven. dykes and dunes

Sweet peace and inhabited by filled their souls as upwards of seven they listened to his million people.

words of counsel The Gospel has and comfort never been preached here more to be forgotfor the last sixtyten by them. "And five years and has

when he had spokfound a rich haren these things, vest of honest while they beheld, souls. This is not

he was taken up; surprising when

and a cloud reone considers the ceived him out of history of the their sight. And noble men and

while they looked women who laid steadfastly toward the foundation of heaven as he went this nation and PRESIDENT JOHN P. LILLYWHITEup. behold two struggled to premen stood by them serve it as the

in white raiment: Which also said, home of truth and religious freedom.

Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazThe Dutch people as a nation have ing up into heaven? This same Jesus ever cherished a deep and abiding love

which is taken up from you into for truth, and have fought valiantly heaven shall so come in like manner for the cause of right.

as ye have seen him go into heaven."During the years of the ReformaThis promise of the angels has been tion, when nations were struggling to

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 141

throw off the yoke of the mother sionary work was then undertaken.

church, it is interesting to know that These men commenced preaching the provinces now comprising Holland among former friends and relatives, were among the first to fight for the but their arrival had been preceded by cause, and many valiant men and newspaper misrepresentation. Notwomen gave their lives in defense of withstanding this, the records show

religious liberty. In fact, the Dutch that six souls were baptized before the

nation suffered one of the most cruel year was ended, and the first branch of and prolonged wars recorded in the the Church in the Netherlands was history of nations. For eighty years organized with fourteen members in

they fought and suffered, that freedom May, 1861. Elder Schettler underto worship God took to translate

according to the the Book of Mordictates of their mon, chapters ofown conscience which were read to might be enjoyed the gathered Saints by all who come as the work prowithin their borceeded. The signs

ders. After a fearpromised to those

ful struggle, in who believe were which the best also enjoyed and blood of the nathe oldest record tion was sacrificed, available shows the Dutch were rethat in September, warded. They ob- 1 861, an old sister

tained religious who had been suffreedom, and this fering much and has been cherished long was instantly as one of the charhealed under the acteristics of the hands of European

Dutch government M'jssion President until the present George Q. Cannon.

time. It has assured At this time, Elus of privileges in der Schettler was

bringing the Gostransferred to Gerpel tidings to the Exterior of Netherlands Mission many and Switzercitizens of this Chapel, Amsterdam. Holland land, which gave a

small nation which have been enjoyed temporary setback to the work in the in but few other countries. Netherlands. But while visiting here,

The first ambassador of the restored President Cannon found much of the

Gospel to visit Holland was Orson blood of Israel among this people and

Hyde, who stopped here for about ten foresaw the time in which the rule of days on his journey to Palestine in priestcraft and false doctrine would be 1841. Though he did not preach broken down and many honest in

the Gospel to any great extent, he left heart would accept the plan of salsome literature containing our message. vation.

No other voice, bearing the glad tidNot until November, 1864, was the ings, was heard in the land until the Netherlands mission properly organfifth day of August, 1860, when ized, it hitherto having been a part of

Elders A. W. van der Woude (a the SwissGerman-Italian mission. At

former native) and P. W. Schetfirst only two or three elders labored

tler (German by birth) arrived in here; gradually, however, this numHolland, and the first actual misber increased until eighty missionaries

142 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were engaged, usually directed by elenables the mission president to visit ders from Zion, though at times the branches regularly and become perwork was guided by worthy local men, sonally acquainted with most of the appointed by the Church authorities. members.

With the increase of missionaries an One might think that, because this encouraging increase of converts has Gospel has now been preached in this been enjoyed and the results vindicated little land for over sixty years, the the judgment of President Cannon, majority of the honest in heart had for while many been gathered converts have out, but the gamade their thering is still abodes in Zion going on. The

and have laborDutch people, ed for the realways readers demption of of the Bible, are their dead, there naturally relighas been a gradious. The Bible

ual increase of is taught in membership in many of the this mission. schools. Many

The places of different religemigrating ious denominamembers are tions are to be steadily filled. found among

Those who the seven milhave gone to lion people

Zion have, in which, to a certhe main, made tain extent, has good citizens. made the faith

Belgium was, of many waver and their love for a long pefor the Church riod, part of the grow cold. InNetherlands fidelity can be

mission alfound here to an though more alarming degree time and effort among the riswas spent in the ing generation.

Netherlands It may be where the harExterior of Netherlands Mission Home. mentioned that Rotterdam. Holland vest of souls amid the calamiseemed to be greater. Since 1924, ties which swept Europe from 1914

Belgium has been a part of the French until 1918, Holland was preserved in mission. a remarkable manner. But while the

The size of the Netherlands mission effects of the late war were not felt in offers many advantages, enabling the physical losses, they may be seen daily mission president to have closer conin moral and spiritual losses. Still in

tact with the missionaries, visiting our search for the earnest seeker after them frequently in their fields; and as a truth, we are able to find those who

result a spirit of unity is easily mainhave faith in God and are willing to tained. Every elder has the privilege keep his commandments.

of making the acquaintance of nearly Our missionaries are faithful and all other elders in the mission. It also energetic and are seeking out those who

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 143

love the Lord, keeping in mind that such 'other service as they are able to the "worth of souls is great in the render.

sight of God"and taking consolation During the year 1927, a great numin his words when he said, "And if it ber of people were reached throughso be that you should labor all your street meetings and by tracting fromdays in crying repentance unto this door to door. Some 450,000 tractspeople, and bring, save it be one soul were distributed and 189 persons wereunto me, how great shall be your joy baptized, which is certainly a source

with him in the kingdom of my of gratification to us.

Father!"Our missionaries are tasting

of that joy. Holland is a country of many

Holland is a small country with an canals, streams and lakes; and to the

area about oneseventh the size of visitor it is very interesting to see these

Utah, yet it has a population of nearwaterways crowded with boats, both ly seven million. It has several beaularge and small, carrying their cargoes

tiful, large cities, including Amsterfrom place to place. On the sea and

dam, Rotterdam, The Hague, Utrecht along the lake shores numerous fishfisher-and many others of less importance. ing boats are to be seen—the

their nets,The Church maintains active branches men making and repairing with large memberships in each of these or casting for a catch. Viewing such

cities. In Rotterdam we have an a picture, the student of the Bible freattendance of more than 300 people quently turns his thoughts back to the

in sacramental meeting every Sunday. days when the Master walked along

It is especially inspiring to observe the the shores of Galilee, and commanded services held on the first Sunday of certain fishermen to follow him.

each month, when the Saints eagerly For many years the Gospel has been rise and testify to the goodness of the preached to the people of the larger

Lord and to the divinity of this great cities of Holland. Frequent attempts,

latterday work. In such meetings we with some degree of success, have been

frequently hear from forty to sixty fermade to carry the Gospel message to vent testimonies. the people dwelling in the outlying

Permission has now been obtained villages. But more successfully to acfrom officials of the larger cities to complish this the mission was in need

hold openair meetings. This priviof some plan whereby the missionaries

lege has previously been denied us, and would be enabled to make extended we think it marks the beginning of an visits to these regions without too era of more religious toleration and much expense. After thoroughly

less opposition to "Mormonism."The studying the situation, the mission

missionaries are loyally supported in president decided that the most ecothese people wasthis work by the local brethren holdnomical way to reach ing the Priesthood who are very efby water. So a small motor boat was

fective in calling their fellowcountry- purchased, which furnishes ample livmen to repentance and teaching them ing accommodations for four missionthe principles of the Gospel. There is aries. These missionaries sail out

a wonderful spirit of cooperation prethrough the network of canals, disvailing throughout the mission and the tributing tracts, pamphlets and books, effiSaints joyfully assist the missionaries visiting investigators and doing scatwhenever possible. They feed them, cient missionary work among the

wash their clothes, give them shelter tered population of Holland's country this means they haveand support them in their work, for districts. By

seekersthey acknowledge them as servants of been successful in finding many the Lord. The missionaries, on the after truth.

other hand, endeavor to reward them Our humble prayer is that the misfor their kindness with blessings and sionaries may be permitted to remain 144 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in Holland until every one of our last days. Our constant appeal to the

Father's children residing in this land Lord is that he may inspire us with a shall have heard the cry of repentance deep love in our search for the honest and shall have a thorough knowledge in heart, that we may be successful in of what the Lord has wrought in these bringing many souls unto him.

Rotterdam, Holland The Danish Mission By President Joseph L. Petersen

The Danish mission is the second gust 18, and on September 15 of the oldest of this Church in Europe, havsame year the first branch was organing been founded in the year 1850 by ized in Copenhagen with a memberErastus Snow, Peter O. Hansen and ship of fifty. October 1, 1851, the

George P. Dykes. first issue of the Scandinavian Star,

Upon the arrival the mission paper, of these brethren made its appear- i n Copenhagen, ance and this their first act was splendid little orto kneel in humble gan has continued prayer and thank without interruptheir Heavenly tion to date.

Father for the safe At the beginning journey. They of the year 1927,

asked him to bless the mission had a the people that membership of they also might be 1 750, divided into responsive to the three districts with truth and pledged thirteen branches.

their lives if necesAll the districts sary to bring the own their chapels

Gospel message beor meeting places.

fore the inhabitCopenhagen, the ants of the land. largest, with a

How well this membership of prayer has been an768, has a small swered is underhall, seating 75, stood when we adjoining the misfind that fifty sion offices, while thousand members on the top floor of of our Church are the mission home of Danish descent, a hall is located about twentysev- seating about 450.

en thousand of Unfortunately this this number havbuilding is located ing been baptized President Joseph L. Petersen in a back yard or

in this mission. court in a district

The first baptisms in Denmark in that has not the best reputation. In

this dispensation were performed Auaddition to the mission home an apartgust 12, 1850, when Apostle Erastus ment house also is owned by the

Snow led fifteen honest souls into the Church; this, however, faces the street.

water, all members of the Baptist With the approval of President church. James E. Talmage, and the kindness

The first children were blessed Auof the First Presidency, a beautiful site

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 145

for a new mission home and chapel ness displayed by some of our memwas purchased and ere long we shall bers are truly marvelous. Although

be able to erect a building in a district many are compelled to travel for miles where we need not hesitate to invite in order to attend meetings, they are our friends, nor where "the light will rarely absent.

be hid under a bushel."The year 1927 was a fruitful one,

The Aarhus district is largest in due to the diligence and untiring efarea but second in number of memforts of the missionaries. All past

bers, having a membership of 556. records in the distribution of tracts

They have a commodious hall and and pamphlets were shattered, Aldistrict headquarters also located in a though only an average of twentyMission Home. Copenhagen, Denmark

court, while three large apartment four elders were laboring in the misbuildings that are owned by the sion, 168,710 tracts, 8,885 pamphlets

Church face the street. The revenues and 553 books were distributed, 11,-

from these help to maintain the 230 Gospel conversations held and branches in the district. eightyfour baptized. More hours

Aalborg district, the birthplace of than ever before were spent in tracting.

the late President Anthon H. Lund some elders reaching the splendid recand assistant Church Historian Anord of 212 hours in a single month.

drew Jenson, with a membership of So many remarkable cases of heal425, owns a very fine chapel, the best ing have been reported throughout the in the mission. mission that our testimonies are greatIn all districts the Relief Societies, ly strengthened. We rejoice that the

Sunday Schools and Mutuals are persame gifts and blessings which existed forming splendid service in spreading in the primitive Church are with us the restored Gospel, as well as developtoday.

ing and promoting faith among their Three cases that have taken place members. The diligence and earnestrecently in our three districts are

146 IMPROVEMENT ERA

worthy of mention. In Aarhus a urged that a doctor be called, but the

young lady joined the Church in president of the district, who was presJanuary, 1926. At the age of twelve ent, sent one of the elders to the office

she had become a victim of the dreaded for a bottle of consecrated oil and upon white plague, tuberculosis, which rehis return they administered to their sulted in her being frequently sent to stricken companion, with the result a sanitorium for treatment. Here she that he was immediately healed. This

was kept from three to eleven months made a profound impression upon the at a time until she grew to womanfamily. One member has since joined

hood. Her health gradually became the Church and the others will follow

worse, although she was receiving the in a short time.

best of care at the hospitals. Just During the early spring near Copenbefore entering the sanitorium the last hagen one of our leading brethren,

time, she became a member of our living just outside the city limits, had

Church and, while making preparabeen ill for some time caused by the tions to enter, she decided to go to extraction of a tooth. All the efforts

the district headquarters and have the of the doctors had been in vain and his elders administer to her. After her condition gradually grew worse. One

return home, she retired and slept until afternoon I felt impressed to call upon the next afternoon. Upon arising she him and invited the district president

felt well, but having made application to accompany me. I took a bottle of

for admittance to the hospital and oil along, thinking that he might reupon the insistence of relatives she was quest us to administer to him.

compelled to go. The usual examinaUpon our arrival we found this

tions and X-ray pictures were taken good brother in intense pain, his head before she was assigned her room. swollen to abnormal size, eyes proSome days later the head physician truding from their sockets, mouth

came in and made the following stateclosed so tightly that he could parment: "You have been sorely afflicted take of no nourishment. His wife

with tuberculosis this summer, but was at his side placing hot bandages you were free from it and perfectly on his head and moistening his lips healthy when you entered here. Your with water from a teaspoon. He prelungs are clear and healthy, but I am sented a sight that can never be forpuzzled when I look at the pictures gotten. It was his desire that we exertaken previously and compare them cise our faith in his behalf and that he

with the photographs taken now by be administered to. This we did and

my assistants. These last ones show shortly afterwards left for home. Upon

that there is absolutely no sign of reaching the mission home I informed your ever having been afflicted."This Sister Petersen of his condition and

good sister is now enjoying the best stated that she must go out the next of health, performing her daily work day and see him, for if a change did and praising God for having restored not soon take place he would pass her health. away.

At Aalborg at the close of an outThe next morning we went out toing which had been held, some of the gether; his wife met us at the door and

missionaries were invited to the home to our amazement she stated that he of a family of investigators for supper. had gone to work. She related that

While all were seated at the table enshortly after our departure the night joying the repast one of the brethren before, he arose from his bed, pulled became seriously ill and fell over unthe bandages from his head and said conscious. Placed on a lounge, he bethat he was now well. She had

came perfectly rigid and appeared as if remonstrated, thinking he was delirilife had become extinct. The host ous, but soon discovered that the swell-

a

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 147

ing had disappeared and that he was Christ. He should be thoughtful,

perfectly well. prayerful, humble and ever willing to

These are only a few isolated cases listen to that still small voice which which have presented themselves to us emanates from our Heavenly Father.

in our missionary activities. Truly, Missionary life is no vacation, as

"God moves in a mysterious way his every phase of it is filled with seriouswonders to perform."ness. In my opinion it is a grave reThere seems to be a disposition proach upon the Church to send into

among the young men of Danish dethe missionary field a man that has scent in the stakes of Zion to prefer been wild and careless, and who has some other mission to the land of their no conception of what the Church fathers. How mistaken they are in stands for. Men of this kind work a

this! No finer, no more honest and hardship on their mission president

sincere people can be found in any and associates. Men who have made

other part of the world. When it good in their home wards are the ones

comes to religious fervor, culture, rethat make the best missionary timber.

finement and other virtues, the people Regular attendance at Priesthood, sacof this little nation stand as the peers ramental and other meetings are preof all others. liminary requisites and act as a prepOur mission has been blessed with aratory school for all.

some wonderful characters in the past, The future prospects of this mission men filled with a burning testimony of are bright, but success depends upon the divine mission of the Prophet Jothe efforts put forth by missionaries seph Smith. The missionary of the and members of the Church. "Seek

future should possess the same spirit as ye first the kingdom of God and his well as being imbued with a knowlrighteousness; and all these things shall

edge concerning the Gospel of Jesus be added unto you."

Copenhagen, Denmark

A Mother's Tribute to Our Missionaries

[We had the opportunity of reading the following letter, and at our earnest request were given permission to publish it. Editors.]

a Young, September 18, 1928. cause my grandmother was

of old New England stock, and I have Sterling Apartment 601, frequently been questioned as to any 350 Congress Ave.,

New Haven, Conn. possible ancestral connection I might have with Brigham Young. Secondly,

Dear Mrs. Ashcraft: I have been a deep student of philNo doubt you will be glad to hear osophy for many years, a turn of mind

a few words of praise concerning your which has made me extremely interson's work here in New Haven. The ested in comparative religions, and

writer is not a "Mormon"(socalled) "Mormonism"was a new field for exher tribute is personality of -—thus unbiased—ploration. Thirdly, the

friendly message from a mother of old the two young men warranted attenNew England to a mother in Utah. tion. They were not the type of EastSome months ago, I paused at the ern soapbox orators (either hoboes

public park in this city to hear the or sophisticated theologians), but openair remarks of two young men rather cleancut young men whose representing the Church of Lattersimplicity and earnestness went day Saints. I was attracted to straight to the motherheart. Behind

this particular service rather than to the utterances I felt the presence of a the others; first, out of curiosity, begood mother; by the fruits one could

148 IMPROVEMENT ERA

easily picture the homelife of each of ing alone to that uncertain audience, these boys. which might behave or not, accordPerhaps you cannot realize the soring to its whim. The young missiondidness of the surroundings in which ary did not falter, however; head unthese young missionaries found themcovered, he began, facing the sordid

selves without understanding somegroup fearlessly. As he proceeded

thing of this city. New Haven is a city with his message the "drunks"quieted

of cultured and the undown, giving him respectful attention. extremes—the

intellectual and the illiterAnd when the prayer came from his couth—the

rich and none belips, all hats but one came off, in reverate—the poor—with

tween. Naturally, the better classes ent attention. After the service, a husky

are seldom found on foot in public Canadian veteran approached the squares; thus are evangelistic efforts speaker, and whispered in his ear,

confined to the lowly. With 65% of "You are all right, Buddy, I am with

New Haven's population of Italian exyou, whatever your game. If it is

traction, and other foreign elements, war you want, I'm with you, Buddy:

much of which is undesirable, also you can depend on me."And this

well represented, these young men are veteran, whose mind was so beclouded confronted with an almost impossible with cheap booze proudly displayed a talk in terms of sound reason medal for distinguished war service. task—to

to those who have little brain to reason Truly, your son will never again with. Besides the majority of the be timid after such an experience, for

foreign element Continental Euhe now understands the mystery of—

ropean or were the spiritual power as he utilized it on this otherwise—there

Catholics, entirely prejudiced against occasion to quiet a restless, irreverent such teachings, believing that Catholigroup. No mission field could be more

cism alone is worth while, none other difficult, none more productive of good worthy of attention. Add to this the so far as the missionary is concerned.

Saturdaynight drunkards and corner Here in the East, where the scum loafers, and you have some idea of the of Europe herds in our seaboard cities, missionary field into which your son one needs courage to face the unexhas been sent. Well, after one service, pected situation which may arise at a

I attended others. Attracted to these moment's notice; when some bum feels

boys by the spirit of parenthood, my called upon to break up an openair husband and I have felt drawn to service with frequent, irreverent inthem, as if to protect them as best wc terruptions.

could, even as one of our own. Such Surely motherhood is the same the

disturbances, such insults as drunken world over. These children are all ours

loafers often shout during the course to protect, to comfort and to cheer if of a such seem to pass unneed be when far from home. Thank service—all

noticed by these young missionaries, God for this blessed fraternity of mothbecause they feel the responsibility of erhood which unites us all and which their mission. And such concentrabrings love and protection to our flesh

tion on their work is strengthening and blood wherever they may be.

their characters; fearless indeed are "By their fruits ye shall know

they now, even as Daniel of old. Now them."Thus, in conclusion, I send

in closing, may I tell you of one exgreeting to a worthy mother, whose perience which will deeply interest you, son honors her by his nobility of char- a service held out of doors some two acter in service to his less fortunate weeks ago when your son was alone. fellowmen.

Before the service, we shook his hand Believe me, ("my husband and I) and how his Most cordially yours, hand trembled, as he thought of speakMaude Moore Luke.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 149

The Tahitian Mission By President Alma G. Burton

"He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not with me

scattereth abroad."(Matt. 12:30.)

This solemn statement of our Savior soon after by the French government teaches us how to judge our standing and were not permitted to return for before the Lord. We are with him. a number of years. In the year 1892,

will be witnesses unto the world of the Tahitian mission was again opened him, or else we are against him. Beby Elder James Brown.

cause we are with him we are servants In setting apart Elder Addison to him and to his Pratt, for this work children who are in the islands. Presseeking eternal life ident Brigham

and will help gather Young pronounced them into God's i remarkable blessgarner. This is the ing upon his head:

firm determination "Do not be hasty of every elder laborand passionate, but ing in the Tahitian acknowledge goodmission. ness in all where

The people of you find it. Harken

this group of islands ye, they will say, were favored by one to another, to being the first of the this man: and they

Pacific islanders to will carry you and hear the glorious give you presents * * * you shallmessage of the restoration of the have power over the

Gospel which the ship's course, and "Mormon"elders shall return again to had for them. The this land and rejoice

Society Islands, betwith your family, if ter known as the you are faithful."

Tahitian mission, By righteous livwas opened under ing this blessing has the direction of Elbecome a heritage to ders Addison Pratt, all elders of this

Noah Rogers and mission. In their

Benjamin Grouard, journeys, they feel in the year 1844. their dependence upThe first missionPresident Alma G. Burton on the Lord to guide

aries landed on the them in their efforts, island of Tubuai, after a six months'and appreciate the sublimity of his voyage on the sea. They knew nothwords: "Go ye, therefore, and teach all

ing of the native language, had no nations, baptizing them in the name of friends on the island but trusted enthe Father, and of the Son, and of the tirely to divine guidance. The native Holy Ghost: Teaching them to observe

people took kindly to the Gospel and all things whatsoever I have comaccepted readily the Book of Mormon. manded you: and, lo, I am with you

Many converts were baptized. The alway, even unto the end of the

elders were banished from the islands world."(Matt. 28:1920.)

150 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Many days are spent on the sea in them power even "over the ship's traveling from district to district, and course."

from branch to branch within the disThe past year has been one of the tricts. Our mission includes the enmost interesting and successful years

tire Society Islands group, which lie we have had in the mission. The efbetween 7 and 27 degrees south latifective labors of the elders have resulted

tude and 140 to 163 degrees west in a fiftyfour per cent increase in tithes longitude. This field has a populapaid over the former year, also a very

tion of only 28,000 but they are so material increase in Gospel conversascattered that only occasional visits can tions, meetings held, tracts distributed be made to the various branches. Beand in baptisms. We made it a praccause of the extensive sea travel under tice last year to put forth every effort

BAPTISMAL SERVICE IN THE TAHITIAN MISSION

varied conditions which is required of to interest the young people in the the elders of this mission, the wonGospel and to show them how their derful blessing of such a heritage as lives would be bettered thereby. Three

that pronounced by President Brigham Young Ladies'and three Young Men's

Young upon the head of Elder Pratt Mutual Improvement Associations may be readily seen and appreciated. have been successfully organized.

Our missionaries have many new These organizations are officered by the and perplexing experiences which are native boys and girls. Their studies

peculiar to island life and work. They are taken from the New Testament

must meet these problems fairly and and from the Priesthood books. Besquarely and must have a testimony side the regular Gospel studies they are

of the truth that will stand under all taking up instrumental work and each conditions, and like the early Saints organization has from two to six and missionaries have the humility, guitar and ukulele groups. The lower

faith and moral courage that will give Tuamotu district has, under the direcMESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 151

tion of the Young Men's Association, Tahitian missionaries are endeavor- a twentypiece brass band. In the ing to follow the admonition of the

branches where the young people's orApostle Paul: "Put on the whole

ganizations are complete, each Sunday armour of God, that ye may be able evening is turned over to them and to stand against the wiles of the devil.

they furnish the complete Sunday For we wrestle not against flesh and night program, including Gospel talks blood, but against principalities, and musical numbers. We have found against powers, against the rulers of

them anxious and more than willing the darkness of this world, against to take part on these programs. spiritual wickedness in high places.

The coming year bids fair to surWherefore take unto you the whole pass the past in all lines of activity. armour of God, that ye may be able

evil day, and havWe have found favor in homes never to withstand in the all, to stand. Stand therebefore opened to us and words of ening done

couragement and kindness in many fore, having your loins girt about with cases now replace those of abuse and truth, and having on the breastplate slander. The hearts of the people are of righteousness; and your feet shod

being prepared and they are investiwith the preparation of the gospel of: 1 1- 1 5.)gating the truth. peace."(Ephesians 6

Very often we have calls from In conclusion a word to the young prominent travelers. Many of them men of the Church: If you want true

have formed the habit of looking up joy and happiness, you will find it in the "Mormon"missionaries. They unselfish service to God and to your

often introduce themselves or carry fellowmen. Prepare your minds to

with them letters of introduction from stand before the world as witnesses mission presidents and elders they have that Jesus is the Christ, that God lives, met in other fields. Their first words stand firm in your testimony and the

are: "We know you are our friends, way will be opened for you to achieve

we have met your boys in other parts that which the Lord expects you to of the world and have always found do, and you will realize in a finer and them to be honest, courteous and trust- a deeper sense the meaning of the lines worthy."of Hamlin Garland:

Do you fear the force of the wind,

The slash of the rain?

Go face them and fight them, Be savage again.

Go hungry and cold like a wolf,

Go wade like a crane;

The palms of your hand will thicken,

The skin of your cheek will tan,

You'll grow ragged and weary and swarthy,

But you'll walk like a man.

Orovini, Papeete, Tahiti

There are two kinds of discontent in this world: the discontent that works,

and the discontent that wrings its hands. The first gets what it wants, and the

second loses what it has. There's no cure for the first but success; and there's

no cure at all for the second. Gordon Graham.

Professor George Careless

Prof. George Careless celebrated his self at times had misgivings, but he

eightyninth birthday on the 24th of could not remain in his native country

September, 1928. During the evenand feel satisfied. So, "walking by

ing of that date he led the grand march, faith and not by sight,"he left what and also directed the singing and seemed to be, for him, the land of played violin selections, in a testimopromise and entered upon the westnial given in his honor. This gifted ward journey. The sailing vessel Hudman is a picturesque character, diminuson was chosen to carry the company

tive in size but a veritable giant in over the Atlantic, and the voyage to ability, and with as sweet a spirit, as New York consumed nine weeks, durdeep a love of righteousness and with ing which time with his violin Brother as much humility, perhaps, as any man Careless, playing the world's musical that ever came into the Church. masterpieces as well as many of his

Comparatively few of the present own compositions, made many friends.

generation know him personally, The captain was particularly drawn to though almost every Church member him and as the ship approached the is acquainted with his name and has pier this officer said, "Professor Carelistened to his melodious message. His less, I must have one of your composimusic has been sung in every part of tions before you leave."

the world where the Gospel has been Brother Careless had already packed, preached. His life has been romantic and his trunk was not available. He

and colorful. While still a boy in Lonsat down in one corner of the deck,

don, he manifested a remarkable gift with a bacon barrel as a desk, and on a for music, and his teachers and associrough piece of paper wrote the inspirates predicted a great future for him. ing music, now familiar to all Church

The Gospel message was brought to members and to which we sing Parley his home, and after humble prayer he P. Pratt's equally stirring words, "The

received a testimony of its divinity. It morning breaks, the shadows flee."

was not long until the spirit of gathNaturally President Young was not ering came upon him and he gave up long in discovering this man's talent.

an excellent position with the largest Almost immediately the young muand best orchestra in London. sician was appointed to take charge of

Viewed with human wisdom, it the tabernacle choir and later was called seemed a foolish thing to do. Opporto direct the theater orchestra. Fiftytunities for great musicians are not nufour years ago he put on the oratorio,

merous in a pioneer community where the Messiah, and it is still spoken of life's chief business is to wrest food among oldtime musicians as having from sagebrush land. His friends pointbeen done in a masterly way. He was

ed out the barrenness of his future drawing a total of $1,000 annually, prospects and tried to dissuade him; a part of which was in tithing orders,

rosy future smiled at him there; he had part in store pay and a very small

neither the physical strength nor the amount in cash. Virginia City, in Netraining for the difficulties which surevada, was enjoying a great mining

ly awaited him here; doubtless he himboom, and some wealthy men from

EDITOR'S TABLE 153

there heard Prof. Careless direct an made more money had he gone to Neopera in Salt Lake City. So impresvada, but now in the twilight of life

sively was it done that these men after he devoutly thanks the Almighty for the performance offered him $1,000 in giving him strength to choose as he gold monthly if he would go with did. Who can properly evaluate his

them and train and lead an orchestra in work?

the Western city. Naturally an offer The Era has had considerable to say

twelve times as large as that which he about the athletic prowess of "Morhad been receiving was attractive to a mon"boys. The Word of Wisdom

poor man. He went to John T. Caine, has been given much credit for these

then manager of the theater, and asked achievements. However, all Church

for advice. Brother Caine put this members know that physical strength

question: and endurance are not the sole results

"George, why did you leave your of observing the injunction to avoid position with its bright future in Lontobacco, liquor and hot drinks. Note

don?"another feature of the divine promise:

"And all Saints who remember to "Because I wanted to be with the keep and do these sayings, walking in people of the Church."obedience to the commandments, * *

"Then what are you going to do shall find wisdom and great treasures of about this offer?"knowledge, even hidden treasures."

"I'll stay here if I starve,"was Brother Careless'clean, exemplary

Brother Careless'answer, and here he life has brought him great physical has remained ever since. He is immeasendurance and "hidden treasures of

urably greater because of the decision. knowledge,"and he has here prepared

Here he has sung praises to God instead himself to write heavenly symphonies of to man. Perhaps he would have hereafter and to direct celestial choirs

achieved more fame had he remained and orchestras which are now invisible in London; probably he would have to mortal eyes.—C.

The Sacrament

Jesus, more precious than manifold treasure,

Fountain of all that is dearest to me,

Let Thy pure spirit flow down without measure,

While in my heart I am turning to Thee.

Priceless Thy gift! Oh, the pain and the anguish!

First in Gethsemane, then on the cross:

Slain for the world while the multitudes languish,

Turning away to their tinsel and dross.

Here at Thy table as thou hast appointed,

From every vanity riven apart,

Seek I the favor of heaven's anointed

While His sweet spirit burns warm in my heart.

Theodore E. Curtis

President HeberJ. Grant's Birthday

By Henry Smith On his seventysecond birthday, Thursday, November 22,

President Heber J. Grant completed his tenth year as the head of The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. He celebrated the anniversary of his birth surrounded by many members of his family

and several friends.

President Grant was born in Salt Lake, on the site now occupied by the Z. C. M. I. store, November 22, 1856, a son of Jedediah

M. and Rachel Ridgway Ivins Grant. In his early teens President

Grant became an active member of the Church. At the age of 24 he

was made president of the Tooele stake and held that position for two years. On October 16, 1882, he was chosen to become a member of the Council of the Twelve and holds the distinction of being

the first Utahborn Apostle of the Church.

At a meeting of the Council of the Twelve and the Presiding

Patriarch held in the Temple on the morning of November 23, 1918, twelve days after the signing of the armistice of the World War,

President Grant was unanimously sustained as head of the Church.

He was blessed and set apart for this office by the late President

Anthon H. Lund, who, with the late President Charles W. Penrose,

became counselors in the First Presidency.

This beloved leader enjoys robust health and looks forward to many more years of active service. Prayers that he may be so

blessed are being offered in all parts of the world where Latterday

Saints reside, and the Era but voices the desires of all its readers when it wishes this devoted man many happy returns of his natal day.

Since boyhood his means and his tremendous energy have been devoted to the temporal and spiritual interests of the Latterday

Saints. He has aided materially in the establishment of home in

dustries and the development of our resources. Not only has he given

freely to public enterprises, but many individuals have had cause to praise his generosity.

To illustrate this trait of his character: While presiding over

the European mission, at a time when he himself was in distressed financial circumstances, he heard of a continental missionary who had made unusual sacrifices to remain the regular time in the field. This

elder had planned to visit Switzerland but his means were inadequate.

President Grant heard of the case and wired the young man's mission president about as follows: "Have B visit Switzerland at my

expense."That is but one case among thousands.

All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Aaronic Priesthood Problems

Almost daily requests come to the activities, keeping in mind always secPresiding Bishop's office for information 4, verse 2, Doctrine and Covetion explaining more fully the subnants: "Therefore, O ye that embark

jectmatter to be treated in the Aaronic in the service of God, see that ye serve

Priesthood quorums at the Tuesday him with all your heart, might, mind night Priesthood quorum meetings. and strength, that ye may stand blameUnder the new arrangement, these less before God at the last day."

meetings will be taken up largely in In those stakes which have not yet the discussion of quorum problems, held their Priesthood conventions, an an active membership being one of the effort should be made not only to have most important. Dependable members all the officers present, but a special

of the Priesthood will be required to effort should be made to have each labor with inactive members until all member of the Aaronic Priesthood in are earnestly participating in quorum attendance, especially at the session set work. Reports of visits and assignaside for the Aaronic Priesthood. It is

ments made will be given and reported hoped that young men ordained to in the roll book. Assignments to be these offices shall learn to apply the

filled during the following week should principles of the Gospel day by day in be made and a record made of these all their activities. Theoretical teachappointments, so that each week a ings are of little value until we can apcomplete quorum record may be made ply them in our daily work.

of all quorum activities. This plan Your Priesthood convention and

should be followed in each quorum of the practical presentation of quorum the Aaronic Priesthood and under the work will afford an opportunity of direction of the Aaronic Priesthood not only becoming familiar with Gossupervisor, who each week should meet pel principles but also an opportunity with the bishopric, submit his plan to apply these principles in a way that for approval and arrange his work to will surely bring to the individual joy fit in with the general scheme of ward and happiness.

Regarding Deacon's Quorums The question has been asked whetheach to consist of twelve members. We

er it would not be satisfactory, where can see the divine wisdom in thus there are more than one quorum of forming these quorums, small in numdeacons, to have the two or more quobers. This permits each one to take

rums meet together under the direction active part, which is very important, of one or more supervisors. The variand makes possible a more rapid checkous quorum presidencies might take ing up on the work done by each memturns in presiding. ber.

In answer thereto, we desire to call In view of the activities of the boys, attention to the fact that the Lord, by these are both vital matters. Where

revelation, has particularly provided two or more quorums meet together, for separate quorum organizations, the presidency of each quorum does 156 IMPROVEMENT ERA

not have the opportunity of presiding It is, of course, a very desirable thing each time, and the members do not have that each quorum should have associas frequent opportunity of taking part, ated w ith it a competent supervisor such as praying and answering queswho can advis fa jntions, as they would in separate quo-,,,. /...

matter of checking up their activities,rums. Then, too, there is the difficulty

of maintaining order in a group as and who can take charge of the lesson large as that of two or more quorums, work.

If Man Would Understand

There are manmade temples of learning.

Where seekers of wisdom are found;

There are ornate churches to enter,

Where great preachers the Scriptures expound.

There are thousands who come together

Each Sabbath to worship the Lord,

Vho earnestly seek for a knowledge

Of his divine and beautiful word.

But, oh, what feelings of reverence,

As, alone on the mountain high,

Man raises his eyes up to heaven

And beholds the tranquil, starlit sky.

It is there he feels God's near presence

And knows that his work is divine;

And there need be no church to enter

But the shelter of odorous pine.

No proof needed but that of nature,

No song but the carol of birds,

No light but the bright stars of heaven,

Where the quiet voice of night is heard.

And he needs no great books of learning,

For the voice of all nature speaks,

And gives to the heart an assurance

Of the truth which he earnestly seeks.

God's love one needs never to question,

For he shows it on every hand;

He reveals to each one a knowledge

If his children would but understand.

Meta. Arizona IDA R. ALLDREDGE

MUTUAL WO EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT Suggestions for Joint Meetings

Sunday Evening, January 6 purity. Consequently there could be

no separation between morality and

Theme: "We Will Serve the Lord."religion.

In the homes of Israel, absolute

Suggested Music: obedience to parents was regarded as

"Praise God from whom all blessthe cardinal virtue of childhood, and ings flow."was presented daily at the table, where

"Who's on the Lord's side, Who?"the children prayed and listened to the

"I'll go where you want me to go, teachings of the parents. "Honor thy

dear Lord."father and thy mother, that thy days

"I'll serve the Lord, while I am may be long in the land which the young."Lord, thy God, giveth thee."From

the Holy Bible, we learn that the folText: "And if it seem evil unto you to lowing moral virtues were always enserve the Lord, choose you this day whom joined upon the youth: Obedience,

ye will serve; whether the gods which Reverence, Charity, Brotherly Love,

your fathers served that were on the other Chastity, Truthfulness, Industry, side of the flood, or the gods of the AmorThrift, Meekness, Patience, Loyalty.

ites, in whose land ye dwell: but as for Mercy.

me and my house, we will serve the Lord."A question for self: Wherein have

(Joshua 24:15.) we failed to live up to these moral

precepts? Can you give examples of

Ancient Israel sometimes lost faith the result of keeping these moral prein God. There is no more piercing cepts?

satire in all literature than that of the The home is the center and unit of prophet's description of the making all selfgovernment. Selfgovernment

of a god. (Read Isaiah 44:9-20.) means the living up to one's best self.

It is the fulfilling of every duty. It is

Read: "The basis for moral law in home the dedicating of our lives to God in

and in society is a firm faith in the true daily service.

and living God. Faith in one God was How can we serve in the home?

needed in the ancient days of Israel before What is meant by service?

consistency in the moral life of man was Wordsworth in his sonnet on Milpossible. The world is indebted to the Jews ton expressed his idea of a noble life

for the moral law, not merely the Ten and service. Have some one of the

Commandments, but the idea of law."members recite the following part of

the sonnet:

The old prophets of Israel believed in a God of righteousness, whose first "Thy soul was like a star and dwelt apart:

demand of his worshipers was pure Thou hads't a voice whose sound was hearts and upright lives. Direct from like the sea:

as the naked heavens, majestic, free.God came the commands that were Pure

taught in the homes of Israel. They So dids't thou travel on life's common

were truthfulness, mercy, honesty, and way, 158 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In cheerful godliness: And yet thy heart for a useful life, and for their country's

The lowliest duties on herself did lay."service."

A home dedicated to God, and the It is in service that we find the happy life. Service begins at home. Itfamily serving him, is the best and

surest foundation for the growth and is service that makes happiness in the home.welfare of society. A nation whose

homes are homes of religious influence,

Motto for every home:can never fall; but, on the contrary,

will lead the world in culture and the "Whoe'er thou art that entereth here, higher things of the spirit. Forget the struggling world

And every trembling fear.

Nicholas Murray Butler has written:

"Take from thy heart each evil thought, "The typical American is he who, And all that selfishness whether rich or poor, whether dwelling in Within thy life has wrought.

the North, South, East, or West, whether scholar, professional man, merchant, manu- "For once inside this place thou'It find facturer, farmer, or skilled worker for No barter, servant's fear, wages, lives the life of a good citizen and Nor master's voice unkind.

a good neighbor; who believes loyally

and with all his heart in his country's in- "Here all are kin of God above stitutions, and in the underlying principles Thou, too, dear heart: and here

on which these institutions are built; who The rule of life is love."

directs both his private and his public life by sound principles; who cherishes high Closing Hymn: "I'll serve the Lord

ideals; and who aims to train his children while I am young."

ADULT DEPARTMENT

The Scope of the Work

As the year advances we come to a initiative in introducing new features deeper realization of the magnitude of that will appeal to adults are to be the field of Adult Education in the encouraged. Those leaders and mem-

M. I. A. It has been estimated that bers who are openminded and are

in the notdistant future this departwilling to admit new ideas and new ment will probably include nearly oneinterests into their lives will receive the half of the Church membership. This greatest benefit and enjoyment in the

is a dream, the realization of which work.

we may all anticipate. Great opporSome groups may find pleasure in

tunities are offered to the leadership of setting aside the last fifteen minutes of our Adult groups to keep alive or rethe second period for informal chatawaken in those who have reached ting. Mrs. A. may have a matter of

maturity the ambitions of youth and intense interest which she has been preto continue the development of their vented during the week from commental and spiritual powers. Originmunicating to Mrs. B.; or Mr. C. may

ality in presentation of lessons and desire some important information

MUTUAL WORK 159

from Mr. D.; and this period of a few ful forms of adult leisuretime activity,

moments during the class time may afand the leader who keeps his members ford exactly the opportunity needed. constantly in touch with good current

From reports received thus far, literature is rendering them real service.

"Captains of Industry"and Moral If the books reviewed in the Era and

Teachings of the New Testament apJournal are found difficult to obtain, pear to be the popular themes selected it is recommended that class leaders for study by the Adult Department. and members select others of their faThey both afford opportunity for exvorites for review. The list of outcellent discussion and are creating much standing magazine articles published

interest. each month should also furnish ample

The other course, "Current Literamaterial for this course in "Current ture,"should not be neglected. ReadLiterature."

ing is always one of the most delightTen Outstanding Magazine Articles

Selected by a Committee of Librarians October, 1928 "The Balance Sheet of Bolshevism,"scended upon the town of ElizabethWilliam Henry Chamberlin, in ton in Tennessee.

Review of Reviews.

"Man's Place in the Universe,"Arthur The author lived in Russia six years

S. Eddington, F. R. S., in Haras an American newspaper correspondper's Magazine. ent, trained observer, writer, traveling

What are the chances of life on 20,000 miles. He sums up the

other planets, in other parts of theachievements and failures of the Soviet.

universe? Are there perhaps thousands

"Of Actors,"Max Reinhardt, in Yale of other worlds with inhabitants

Review. superior to man? A great English

One of the greatest theatrical proastronomer answers these questions.

ducers of modern times discusses brief- "Extra Ladies,"Margaret Culkinly the relation of the actor to the

Banning, in Harper's Magazine.theater, playright and audience, and inSuppose marriage becomes a mere cidentally pleads for less repression of

transitory relationship? It seems to be the emotions in modern life.

tending that way. What will become

"Are Our Colleges Playing Poor?"of the leftover women deserted by

William B. Munro, in Atlantic men? Mrs. Banning shows what their

Monthly. plight is likely to be.

The charge that the bad practices to Patriots,"Dumas so often attributed to Wall Street are "A Challenge paralleled item for item in the financial Malone, in Virginia Quarterly statements of our colleges is made in a Review.

surprising fashion by William B. For almost three generations SouthMunro, a college teacher and trustee ern patriots have complained that hisof long experience. tory has been unfair to their section.

The author challenges them to provide "Tennessee's New Silkworm,"Frank facilities and students for a compreBohn in Review of Reviews. hensive study of Southern history so

A German chemist discovered how that the truth may be learned.

to make synthetic silk and is erecting a large plant in America. Pure water "The Penny and the Gingerbread,"

in large quantities was necessary, which Anonymous, in Harper's Magexplains why this large enterprise deazine.

160 IMPROVEMENT ERA To save or not to is the begins serially in the October Forum. save—that

forgot money and concentrated "Is Prohibition a National Benefit?"—whoquestion. A man who did not save

instead upon his Russell Bowie, in Good work—shows how W.

his plan gave him both satisfaction and Housekeeping.

money. Are American life and conditions on

the whole better for the present and "Rabelais,"by Anatole France, transmore hopeful for the future because lated by Ernest Boyd, in Forum. prohibition has been enacted? The

This biography is the last manurector of Grace Episcopal Church, of script to come from the pen of Anatole New York, frankly discusses condiFrance, and was discovered by his litertions as they are and were.

ary executor, M. Caiman Levy. It Copyright 1928, by Harper 8 Bros.

Here is Vision!

Being a review of H. G. Wells'latest book, The Open Conspiracy,

(Doubleday, Doran, 1928, 200 pp., $2.00).

By Dr. Arthur L. Beeley

From time immemorial religious are my distinctive aims,"says he, "and and social leaders everywhere have the criteria of all I do."His vision

either proposed or actually undertaken and his zeal are apparent when he says:

to improve society, to usher in the "I am discussing here the possibility of millennium, so to speak. The quest of an immense and hopeful revolution in

the good life is a neverending pursuit human affairs and an enlivening and and sooner or later every great leader ennobling change in our lives. I am

and every society takes up the search. discussing whether our species, he (the

The unfinished nature of the world and reader) and I, with it and part of it, man on the one hand, and the conis to live or die."

sciousness of muchneeded change on In this small but stimulating volthe other, are the two foundation facts ume, written in the characteristic which explain man's perennial effort to Wellsian style, the author shows the lift himself by his boot straps. necessity of religion in human life and

Two great Englishmen in our day the need for a restatement of religion. "The time has come to strip religionhave devoted themselves for years to

right down, to strip it for greater tasksthe education of the masses to the need than it has ever faced before. Theof a progressive change in human afhistories and symbols that served ourfairs. Bernard Shaw, the playwright,

fathers encumber and divide us. Sacand H. G. Wells, the essayist,—both raments and rituals harbor disputes andFabian socialists by the way—have waste our scanty emotions. The exrepeatedly pointed out the anomalies in

planation of why things are is an unour present system of living together.

necessary effort in religion. The esMore than that, they have offered consential fact in religion is the desire forstructive suggestions as to the way out. religion and not how it came about."

In The Open Conspiracy. Wells The author then discusses the frame

gives us the essential ideas of his life, of the task before mankind and the the perspective of his world. In these broad characteristics of the World

"Blue Prints for a World1 Revolution"Commonweal which is the core of his (the book's subtitle ) one finds the reidea. "The reasonable desire of all

ligion of this modern prophet. "Here of us is that we should have the collecMUTUAL WORK 161

tive affairs of the world managed by from the general confusions of today, suitably equipped groups of the most until its adherents marry and associate interested, intelligent and devoted peopreferentially within the movement ple and that their activities should be and keep themselves essentially aloof subjected to a free, open, watchful from the prevalent methods of wasting criticism, restrained from making spastime and interest. They must evolve

modic interruptions, but powerful a new social atmosphere. It will be a

enough to modify or supersede withminor aspect of the world revolution out haste or delay whatever is weakto live down the contemporary theatre, ening or unsatisfactory in the general contemporary 'amusements,'the sendirection."timental booms and imitative chatter,

He repudiates the "rigmarole"of the ovine congregating to gape at this

Marx and his disciples in regard to or that, the dull pursuit of sports and property as the fundamental basis of 'games'and quasiinnocent vices, the social life. The primary issues of hufashions and industrious futilities of

man association, he believes, are biocurrent life so soon as it escapes from logical and psychological. He defends poverty. The whole drift of the conthe system of private property when temporary world is to tempt and enproperly classified according to the nasnare and waste our children. It has

ture of its exercisable rights, "and the a diabolical disposition to make life range of ownership involved"as the altogether trivial and ineffective."

basis of any system of social justice. Mr. Wells takes the reader into his

As one would expect, however, confidence when he says that his faWells is a pacifist, yet he thinks it necesmous Outline of History, and its two sary that "the Open Conspiracy should companion volumes now in preparacontain within itself the competence to tion, The Science of Life, and The resist military coercion and combat and Conquest of Power, constitute his destroy armies that stand in the way of "threefold basis for a modern ideaits emergency."biological, and ecoology,—historical,

In discussing obstacles to the World nomic."The world awaits these

Commonweal, he concludes that "Our newest volumes in this great series.

antagonists are confusion of mind, What is finer than a book teeming want of courage, want of curiosity with vision and noble thoughts, inand want of imagination, indolence cisive in its analysis of contemporary and spendthrift egotism. These are life, concrete in its proposals for social

the enemies against which the Open change, and sparkling in its literary

Conspiracy arrays itself; these are the brilliance?

jailers of human freedom and achievement."Problems

In a chapter which the reviewer re- 1. Who is H. G. Wells? What other

gards as a masterpiece of vision and things has he written? What has been and

literary style, the author discusses the what is his influence upon our day and creative home, the school, and the social time?

group. His belief is that the Open 2. Who are the Fabian socialists? How

Conspiracy must, of necessity, remain do their ideas differ from any other brand a minority movement of intelligent of socialism?

converts until the group develops its 3. What outstanding Utopias have been

own reproductive methods. Wells'proposed at different times and by difelaboration of this point reads like the ferent persons in the history of the world?

history of "Mormonism!"Here is a 4. How does Wells'The Open Consample: "The Open Conspiracy will spiracy plan for the world's salvation

not be in health until he has segregated differ from the plan of the Latterday its home life and much of its social life Saints? In what respects are they alike?

.

162 IMPROVEMENT ERA M MEN DEPARTMENT

Delivery of Speech Lessons for December NOTE: Proposed Text, Public Speak ing for Beginners, by Herbert B. Maw,

Deseret Book Store, Salt Lake City, Utah

Only during recent years have peodo not mean by this that fear must ple generally awakened to the importbe entirely overcome. It should not

ance of a systematic study of the be. Some fear is a good thing. It

subject of public speaking. In our enlivens the speaker, and increases

schools much more time has been his mental alertness. But it should

spent in teaching written language be controlled so that it does not inthan oral, regardless of the fact that terfere with his thinking. This conin actual life we talk ten times as trol comes largely through experimuch as we write. People have been ence. Everyone is afraid when he

misled with the idea that to make faces his first audience and everyone a good speech all one needs to do is controls that fear by repeated effort.

to have something to say and then However, a beginner can do much say it. As a result few men or wornto control his feelings by observing a

men speak well in public. few minor details. Fear and muscular

A study of public speaking may be tension always go together. Where

divided into two general divisions, one is present the other always apnamely: delivery and composition. pears. When a person is afraid, his

Many volumes have been written on muscles become tense. This tension

each of them. This lesson will deal sometimes makes him run, sometimes

with delivery and must be considered affects him so that he cannot move.

very briefly. Now, knowing this, what should be

The purpose of all speech should done? The answer is obvious. When

be to communicate thoughts to listhe speaker becomes afraid, let him teners. Consequently, anything which relax the muscles of his body, paraids in thought conveyance is good. ticularly the larger ones of his arms,

Whatever interferes with it is bad. Belegs, back and torso, and he will bring

fore considering the various points himself under control. Let him who is

which make for effective delivery, let troubled with stagefright practice the us direct our attention to the problems following simple exercise and he will a speaker faces. obtain relief.

In the first place, he is the center 1 While waiting for your turn to of attention. He stands apart from speak, relax your body—lounge in

all the rest and the gaze and attenyour seat if necessary.

tion of all are placed on him. If

your lungshe is to succeed he must have enough 2. Breathe deeply—fill

selfcontrol to be master of the situato capacity, then exhale slowly. Do

tion and to be able to think clearly this several times.

on his feet. The great obstacle to 3. As you approach the platform

this condition is stagefright or fear. avoid haste. Take your time and

Until this is controlled, not very efcontinue deep breathing and relaxed fective work can be accomplished. I muscles.

MUTUAL WORK 163

4. Keep body relaxed (not loungy) taneous, the result of correct speech

while speaking. habits. These habits should be formed

Having brought his stagefright unin private practice.

der control, the speaker's next probSo much for bodily action. Let

lem is to develop an ability to use us now point out in a general way all of his powers to put over his a few of the elements of effective demessage and to eliminate those elelivery. In doing so let the purpose

ments which interfere with thought of communication of ideas speech—the

conveyance. He knows that he can remembered. Before the audience—be

appeal through two senses of his aucan receive any thoughts from the sense of sight and of speaker it must be attentive to what isdience—the

hearing. Of these two the sense of being spoken. The moment attention

sight is much keener. It functions is directed to anything else than the

faster. Often one glance will reveal speaker's message, there is a cessation

what the ear could never appreciate. in communication. When this hapMuch of our information comes pens the speaker might just as well

through our sense of sight. For instop talking for all the good he is

stance, how often do we acquire a doing. Yet the average speaker often

dislike for newly made acquaintances forces the attention away from his even before they have uttered a word? message by his speech manner. For

This is because their bodies speak to example, some talk in a monotone and us through our eyes. Just so does a by so doing create such a sameness in

speaker talk to his audience with his their speech manner that it is imposbody as well as his voice. If the sible to listen to them. Others will

speaker is frightened, he need not say repeat one particular gesture until it that he is, for his body speaks it bebecomes noticeable and as soon as it fore his voice begins to function. An becomes noticeable it attracts attenaudience can likewise tell at a glance tion. Some are slouchy in their posif the speaker is egotistical, or lacks ture, to the extent of attracting atself-confidence. The manner of his tention, while a few are so polished

standing, the way he holds his body, and finished in what they do that their the expression of his face, all expose grace stands out too prominently, and his feelings and convey information. It it, instead of the message, becomes the

is impossible to prevent the human center of attention. Often it is the

body from giving forth information voice, or vocabulary, or language, or whenever it is seen. There is thereappearance of the speaker, which, for

fore a physical as well as a mental some reason, whether too finished or aspect of delivery. unduly crude attracts attention. WhatThere is no space to say more on ever comes in to more prominence than

this than that every speaker should the message being spoken is bad.

try to train himself so that his whole There are a number of general modes body will respond spontaneously to of delivery which do not lend effecthe thoughts being uttered. The speaktiveness. These should be avoided for

er should free himself from muscular the obvious reason that they interfere restraint, and permit his face, eyes, with an effective communication of head, chest, arms, torso, etc., to reideas. They are as follows:

spond spontaneously to the thought Ministerial Mode. This mode of

being spoken from a public platform, speaking was quite common among the just as they do in ordinary converclergy of a generation its ago—hence

sation. He should never consciously name. Fortunately the tendency of

and mechanically assume posture or modernday preachers seems to be make gestures while addressing an auaway from it, so its name is not endience. What he does should be spontirely applicable. It fits that type of

164 IMPROVEMENT ERA

speaker who has the misconceived nosincerity and add an unlimited supply tion that to be effective he must raise of bombast and spectacular gestures, the pitch of his voice and cause it to you have the exhibitory mode. The

sound high and lofty, giving it a note exhibitory speaker departs from the of artificiality and unnaturalness. He realms of naturalness into the sphere

prolongs his vowels, rolls his consonof showiness. He puts his voice, gesants and introduces many meaningless tures, vocabulary, his posture—often

inflections. His tendency is to make whole display, and seems to body—on

his sounds musical and harmonious be more anxious to exhibit the grace pleasing to the ear. It seems to be of his bodily movements, or the elean attempt to add solemnity and sinments of his voice, or the charm of

cerity to the speech manner, by roundhis personality, than to give his auing out of the vocal quality and playdience a worthwhile thought. In other

ing with the sounds as they are emitted. words, he exhibits himself. He brings

In other words, it is an introduction the mechanism of speaking to the foreof song notes into speaking and a fitground and pushes the message, if he ting of the spoken word into a has one, to the background. He is, as

rythmical swing. a rule, selfcentered, egotistical or afSuch speaking has, to a degree, an fected.

effect similar to that of a mellow song. Such a mode of speaking should of

If it is well done, it pleases the ears course be avoided. It appeals to a very,

of many. I recall asking a devout very few unthinking people, breeding

Christian woman why she persisted disgust in the minds of the large in attending the weekly sermon of a majority. Its place is not on the public

particular minister, while she claimed speaking platform. It should be conmembership in a church of a different signed to the vaudeville circuit, where

denomination. Her answer was: "I people go to be entertained and not

love to hear him. His voice is so instructed.

smooth and musical."In other words, Academic Mode. The other extreme

she attended his sermon to hear his from the exhibitory mode is the acadevoice, not to get his message. That mic. It gets its name because it

is the outstanding objection to this is characteristic of the classroom mode of speaking. The speaker's speaking of many college professors.

voice is placed on display. The listenHere the speaker's whole attention is

er becomes conscious of it and as long on the subject matter, with no attenas the voice is attractive, either pleastion paid to delivery. In a calm, judiantly or unpleasantly, the attention is cial, unemotional manner, devoid of

taken from the message and applied to any variations or emphasis, he speaks it, thereby diminishing and sometimes his thoughts. As he talks, he is totalblocking communication of thoughts. ly unconscious of anything except

One cannot successfully direct atwhat he is saying. Usually he speaks

tention to both the voice and the mesin almost a monotone, devoid of all sage. For this primary reason, the feeling, and breaks his thoughts into

ministerial mode of delivery should be purposeless divisions.

frowned down. One session with such a speaker is

Exhibitory Mode. Though the enough to convince anyone of the inministerial mode is undesirable, and effectiveness of this mode. The monois not without a great amount of fault, tony of the voice, because of a lack of

there is usually a ring of sincerity and variation and emphasis, soon soothes solemnity associated with it which the patient hearers into peaceful slumoften leaves a beneficial impression. ber. It fails even in the classroom,

Now, if you take away from it the where the students are trained to folMUTUAL WORK 165

low closely the instructor. In a average audience to apply its attention

certain university of high standing the to what is being said. The conversachair in Political Science is held by a tional mode, however, produces good

professor who is a recognized authorresults. Let us devote a little attention

ity in his field. Highclass magazines to it.

pay dearly for his articles, and are Conversational Mode. This mode

ready to publish most anything he is a result of the notion that public writes within his field. In his classspeaking is a perfectly normal act

rooms he gives his authoritative ma- a natural outgrowth of having someterial in lecture form. He is so thing to say and desiring to say it.

judiciously devoid of any sign of emIt calls for no artificiality, no show phasis, that his students have little nor display. When an individual has

interest in what he says. Only the something he wants to say, he tells it

most skillful students are able to folto a friend without the least indication low the trend of his thoughts. His of unnaturalness. If he should tell the

delivery defeats his purpose. same thought to a group of five hunPreacher Mode. It is employed by dred people, why must he assume a

those who believe that loudness is effundamentally different speech manner fectiveness. Here the speaker uses a than when he spoke to a friend? The

high and strained voice, and, in an answer is that he should not.

almost unvarying monotone, shouts Let us illustrate by following the out his message. He seldom lowers his pattern set down by Professor Winin

pitchphasizes—oror diminishes his force. He emin his chapter entitled, "Conversing

he says. It is comwhen Brown completes his servicesize—everythingat least tries to emphaWith An Audience."Suppose that

mon among enthusiasts and ardent rein the World War, he returns to formers. his home town and meets a friend on

This mode is bad for one obvious the street. The friend stops him and

message cannot be heard asks him to relate his experiences inreason—the

for the shout. It violates the fundathe trenches, so Brown responds and

mental principle that if you emphabegins his narrative. In a moment a

size everything you emphasize nothsecond friend comes, greets him, and ing. Give equal stress to all you say, listens in. Later a third and fourth

and you reduce everything to the same listen in. After a while a dozen gather

level, to the end that there is no emaround him, all listening to his adphasis at all. It is also bad because ventures at the front. Finally curioof its discomforting effects on the hearsity stops others and a crowd begins to

ers. One cannot be at ease with such gather. Someone shouts out asking

speaking. The high pitch of the voice, him to speak a little louder, so he

the sameness of the delivery and the raises his voice so that all may hear.

strain on the ears due to the loudness, Then another interrupts to suggest invariably irritate the listener. that he stand on the running board

We may state here, as a general rule, of an automobile so that he may be that the four modes here discussed seen. Brown does so, and continues.

do not produce the best results. They Eventually five hundred people gather

all have a tendency to defeat the gento hear him speak, so that we have a eral purpose of conveycommon conversation between two speaking—the

ance of thoughts. The ministerial, friends gradually changing into a

preacher and exhibitory detract the atpublic address. Yet when did the

tention from what is being spoken to change take place? When two, or

the way it is being said; while the five, or ten, or twentyfive people stopacademic makes it too difficult for the ped to listen? Was it when he raised

166 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his voice, or stood on the auto? What munication. In ideal conversation

changes a conversation into a public one talks with a purpose. One speaks

of people or speech to convey thoughts. Watch two peospeech—numbers

manner? ple engaged in intelligent conversation.

is concerned As a matter of fact, why should See how much the speaker there be any change? Was there any about the effect of what he says. He

necessity for Brown's speaking mandoes not talk merely to be talking, but ner being essentially different while instead he speaks to communicate ideas.

speaking to the five hundred from His attention is directed forward to his is objective. His effortswhen he addressed his friend? It is listener. He

our purpose to show that there is none, are purposeful. He wants his hearer

that, as a matter of fact, effective public to believe what he says, or to underspeaking is no more nor less than constand his point of view, or to buy versation enlarged and modified to fit something, or to appreciate his posithe conventional differences in aution, or to get the thrill of an expediences. Yet essentially it is conversarience, or hear a scandal, or what not.

it is centered intion with a few differences in techWhatever his purpose, nique. For example, in order that he the hearer. He talks to accomplish

might be heard, the public speaker something through what he says. So

must talk louder than in conversation. that if his hearer ceases to listen, he

The formality of the occasion usually stops talking. To do this, he has a

requires him to add more dignity to communicative attitude. This brings

Inhis bearing and speech manner. Referus to a second element—directness.

ring to our example again, when order to accomplish his purpose, he

Brown became conscious of the fact talks to his hearers and not merely at that a crowd was gathering, he would them or aloud within their hearing.

probably button his coat, stand with His speech manner is directed to them.

a little more alertness and speak with He looks them in the eyes, not over added positiveness. Because of the diftheir heads, or at the floor or away

ficulty for a large group to understand, from them. He reaches them over the

a good speaker clarifies his enunciashortest to eyes. Then route—eyes

tion and adds distinction to his dicagain, in conversation there is free, tion. He furthermore discovers that spontaneous and coordinated bodily

to hold attention he must inject variaction. The movements of hands,

ations into his vocal qualities, his arms, face, torso, etc., are the results

gestures and speech manner, as well of inward impulses aroused by the as flavor what he says with more ilthoughts being uttered. The whole

lustrative material and vivid figures of body, as well as the voice, takes an speech. In other words, he must adactive part in the conveyance of the

just his public speaking manner to fit thoughts. In good conversation one

the ever changing condition a public never sees a motionless body, an exspeaking occasion presents. He must pressionless face, or a noncommuni-

vary from ideal conversation only to cative physical attitude. A third basic

the extent that the situation demands. element of good conversation is variaAside from this he shall strive to maintion. The gestures vary, the posture

tain the natural freedom, purposeful shifts, the voice has its lifts and drops, communication and other essential its inflections and climaxes. In other

elements of good conversation. words, the whole speech manner conWhat are these basic elements of stantly varies with the thoughts and

conversation which should form the emotions being expressed. Then again,

basis of effective public speaking? in good conversation there is usually

Briefly they are these: an element of sincerity and conviction 1st—Com-

.

MUTUAL WORK 167

characteristic which should be of laughter by the speaker, and many—a

made a part of the speech manner of other characteristics which seem to be everyone. Furthermore, in effective a part of conversation, would block

conversation there is a complete abeffectiveness in public speaking. So

sence of show, physical or otherwise. whatever references are made herein to

The speaker is unconscious of himself conversational speaking do not refer to while speaking. Thus we see that the a "dailytalk"style, but rather to a

fundamental characteristics of good publicspeaking style, which is based conversation are conducive to effective upon those underlying basic elements thought conveyance. For that reason of conversation here discussed.

the conversational mode of delivery in Having acquired a good conversapublic address is most effective. It tional mode of delivery, let the speaker

should, therefore, be the student's purdevelop desirable platform etiquette pose to acquire a communicative attiand he is on the way to success. An

tude, directness, coordinated bodily effective etiquette embodies the followaction, variations in speech manner, ing elements:

and sincerity and earnestness. He 1 His posture should be one which

should, furthermore, try to eliminate (a) is comfortable, (b) is pleasing to all forms of display and exhibition. look at, (c) will facilitate free, sponLet him remember that real art is the taneous bodily action.

art which conceals art. 2. He should appear to be selfcon-

A word of caution should be added. fident and have alertness, congenialThere is a wide difference between conity, and sincerity in speech manner.

versational mode and conversational 3. He should develop the faculty ofstyle. The former, as we have seen, appearing to mean what he is saying.refers to those basic elements of conAudiences do not like an indifferent example, a communicaversation—for attitude. Many speakers are deeplytive attitude, directness, coordinated

sincere, but they do not appear to be.and spontaneous bodily action, variations in speech manner and sincerity 4. His language should be distinctly

are conducive to purposeful understood and his voice easily heard.—which

speaking. It is desirable. Conversa- 5. There should be an element of

tional style, however, designates those force and strength in speech manner element that gives one man conmannerisms common in colloquial dis-—an

course, many of which are ineffective fidence in another.

in public speaking. For example, a In addition to all this, he must have

quiet voice, rapid rate, indistinct dic- a worthwhile message.

tion, slovenly posture, use of a conMembers should prepare and deliver siderable amount of slang, and absence speeches to the class and attempt to put of illustrative material, an interjection these principles into practice.

Conjoint Sessions

are greatly enjoying The conjoint sessions of the M Men our young people and Gleaner Girls on the first Tuesthe hour together. However, in some

day of each month are part of this places the work is not definitely year's work. By reason of its being scheduled ahead of time and adequate

a new arrangement of our program, preparation is not made for this period.

this period should be well planned in The natural result is confusion. The

advance. In wards where this is now presidents of both groups (M Men and

being done, success is being assured and Gleaner Girls) are responsible. Com168 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mittees could be appointed by them to session. By proper attention to these

assist in working out plans for the details, the meeting can be made one of carrying forth of the program, and the most interesting and uplifting of also getting a large attendance at each all in our Church today.

M MenGleaner Project Gleaner Com- "We shall promote the cultural and The M Men and aesthetic value of the dance."mittees of the General Boards of the

Down through the ages the art of M. I. A. have chosen as a joint prodancing comes. It is older than poetry. ject for the coming year, "We shall

Properly executed, it is the personipromote the cultural and aesthetic fication of refinement, grace and value of the dance."With 12,000

Gleaners, togethermodesty. It is a rejuvenator of health M Men and 10,000

and spirits, preserving youth, prolongwith the 2,000 leaders of this departing life, acquiring grace and beauty. ment in stakes of Zion and missions,

The ancient Greeks and Romans had what a power we have for promoting this art in a state of perfection as they this project. We can place the dance

did the other arts. Other civilizations on a higher plane and make it what

have had dancing as a beautiful art. it is intended to be, a thing of beauty

It is mentioned a number of times in and an uplifting element in the lives the Bible. David danced before the of the young people of our comArk of the Covenant. In II Samuel munities.

6:14, we read, "And David danced Young people love to dance. They

before the Lord with all his might."want pleasure and excitement, and will

This was an expression of joy and take it as it comes to not in them—if

thanksgiving and praise because of the a refined manner, then in some other

Lord's blessing unto David's people. way. Our mission is to eliminate the

"Praise the Lord with timbrel and bad and encourage the good in dancing.

dance; praise him with stringed instruDancing is a healthful exercise, a

ments and organs."(Psalms 150.) pleasure, an art that brings to the

Dancing is an art that has touched front courtesy, ease of manners, grace life at many song, in story, of body, and happiness of mind. It is points—in

in holy writ, in painting. Poetry is graceful, charming, artistic and refined.

the language of the soul, music the It produces mental poise, reduces language of the heart, and dancing avoirdupois, and has a refining inmay be called the language of the fluence on manners.

body. In fact it might well be called Three words, or possibly four, will

a combination of several express just wherein our duty lies: arts—music,

poetry of motion and a beautiful picviz: Music, Floor, Supervision, Perture. sonnel. Some of the music in our fine

Some critics of the dance have said recreation halls hasn't been of a charthat it appeals to the senses only. But acter that would tend to promote either

so does every art. To be aesthetic, to the artistic or cultural phases of the

love what is beautiful, is to perceive dance. The extreme jazzy type and

through the senses. "As a man thinkdistorted forms of music which are so

eth so is he."If there be a latent commonly used in our dances should

grace the dance visualizes it. If there not be tolerated, and those who furbe a latent vulgarity the dance exposes nish the music for our dancing should

it. In striving for efficiency in the be emphatically made to understand

dance we are moving toward higher that such music is not acceptable to us.

and finer ideals. Supervision and personnel are closely

.. 11

MUTUAL WORK 169

linked together. If our dances are Green Cotillion,"the contest dance for

properly supervised, there will be little this year (described in Hand Book, p.

danger of the wrong kind of people 95) could be practised, the "Gold and coming in. Green Waltz"of last year (p. 388)

to reviewed or some of the group and The M Men and Gleaners are meet on the second Tuesday in Janucouple dances (described on p. 376)

ary to study their project and to deworked out. The following waltz

velop a program for its furtherance. contains all the steps of the modern

canter, the trot, hesitation, The following program is suggested waltz—the

could be made a very for this evening: the waltz,—and

interesting study.

1 Study the objectives and standards of dancing as enumerated in the Hand Waltz—"The Miacia"

Book (p. 166, and pp. 369376) steps (2 measures). dealing with the psychology of dancCanter—4 left turn (2 measures). ing: "Dance Atmosphere,""Patrons,"Waltz—one steps (2 measures). "Music,""Posture,"and other details Canter—4 1 step (1 measure). of etiquette of the ballroom. Hesitate—

Hesitation 1 step to a measure (2 2. Make a brief survey of the dance situawalk—

measures) tion as it exists locally.

Twinkle 6 steps (2 measures). 3. Study articles 5 and 6 dealing with the trot—

side (1 measure). social situation and physical conditions Waltz—right

right turn (2 measures). of dance halls (p. 167). Waltz—one

Hesitate ( 1 measure).

4. Demonstrate the following:

(a) A gentleman should ask the hostess Notes on the Dance or a mutual friend to introduce is executed by making 2 walkhim to the lady with whom he The Canter wishes to dance. ing steps to the measure; that is, 2 steps

(b) A gentleman is always presented divided equally between 2 counts.

to a lady. The Waltz is a 3 -step movement executed

with a step, reach, close, for each meas- (c) If a lady wishes to refuse a dance she should sit out that parure.

ticular dance with this or another The waltz step can be rehearsed in the partner. following manner:

(d) A gentleman should ask a lady in Step forward with the left foot ( a definite and polite manner for count), reach sideways with the right foot the pleasure of a dance. (1 count), bring the left foot over to the

(e) Good dancing demands good posiright foot in a closed position (1 count) 3 counts in all. tion (p. 3 74).—

(f) When leaving the floor young peoStep forward with the right foot ( ple of today walk side by side count), reach sideways with the left foot rather than arm in arm. ( 1 count), bring the right foot over to

(g) At the close of the dance the the left foot in a closed position ( 1 count) 3 counts in all. gentleman takes the lady to the—

place she indicates, courteously Repeat with the left foot leading, and expresses his pleasure in the dance then with the right again, thus continuing and the lady responds. around the room. When familiar with

the movement, take partner. The lady's

It is suggested that the session might steps and movements will be in reverse be prolonged beyond the regular lesto the above description. When the steps

son period, that instructions might be become easy, make an effort to turn, still given in dancing. The "Gold and using the same movements, stepreach-

170 IMPROVEMENT ERA

close. Turns are made to the right and steps. The feet must pass each other

to the left, half way around and reversed, as in running.

suiting the pleasure and convenience of The Twinkle Trot included in this dance the dancers. The foot that comes into the is executed by taking 3 steps forward

closed position takes the weight of the and 3 steps backward.

body thus releasing the opposite foot to The Hesitation is made by resting the take the lead. weight of the body on the forward foot

(lady's backward foot) for one measThe Trot is made with 3 softrunning ure (3 counts).

Our Book

One feature of the M MenGleaner what they can to have the members

Department is the promotion of the read it.

readingcourse book, So Big, by Edna It would make an attractive, apFerber. It is to be hoped that this propriate and inexpensive Christmas

book is receiving due consideration in gift for young people of this group.

this class and that leaders are doing

"Mormon"Scouts By Frank C. Steele

The Boy Scouts of the Church of and distinguished place in scoutcraft

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints are the world over.

carving out for themselves a distinctive Recently in Canada an unusual

'MORMON"BOY SCOUT PARADE REVIEWED BY LORD WILLINGDON, WHO IS SHAKING HANDS WITH

SCOUTMASTER EARL STEVENS MUTUAL WORK 171

honor was accorded the mounted troop chatted freely with Scoutmaster of Boy Scouts of the Barnwell ward, Stevens and each of the boys as they

Lethbridge stake. This troop has the passed along the line. The troop then

distinction of being the only mounted galloped past the reviewing stand, reunit of Scouts in Canada and one of turning the salute of his Excellency.

the very few in the British Empire. "A finer lot of Scouts I have never

Their scoutmaster is Earl Stevens, and seen in the empire,"said Lord WillScoutmaster Stevens for the past few ingdon after the review, and this is a years has been doing wonders with his compliment indeed, for he has been on boys. official missions in all parts of the

So well known and appreciated British Empire.

were they that when Viscount WillIt was no surprise to Lord Willingingdon, governorgeneral of Canada don to learn that the troop were all and the personal representative of the "Mormon"Mutual Improvement Asking in the dominion, visited Lethsociation boys, for he had already bridge, this summer, the "Mormon"learned of the splendid achievements farm boys were sent a special invitaof the Latterday Saints in Alberta tion to be present at the celebration, to and other parts of Canada.

be inspected and reviewed by Lord Their Excellencies were deeply imWillingdon. They were there "with pressed by the conduct and appearance

bells polished, boots of the boys, as they were also with the on"—buttons

shining and spurs glistening. Moremagnificent reception tendered them

over, their horses and equipment were later in the tabernacle. Some weeks

in immaculate order for the critical eye after the Cardston visit, Lord Willingof the king's envoy. don sent a personal letter of appreciaAnd what a smart appearance they tion to President Edward J. Wood,

made! Viscount and Lady Willingalso an autographed photograph, a

don both reviewed the Scouts and later recognition rarely given.

Lethbcidgej Canada

M. I. A. -Genealogical Project

Salt Lake City, Utah. from time to time for their general consideration, instructions for which willOfficers of the M. I. A. and

appear in the Improvement Era, the Genealogical Society of Utah,

Young Woman's Journal and the GenDear Brethren and Sisters:

ealogical Magazine. In the development of our Priestfeel confident that these arrangehod-M. I. A. plan at a recent meeting We

ments will give an opportunity for.of the General Superintendency of the

better cooperation and general under-Y. M. M. I. A. and the Genealogical

Committee, it was agreed that on the standing in this department of our first Tuesday of each month all classes work.

including Genealogical classes in the Sincerely yours,

Adult Department of the M. I. A. George Albert Smith,

would meet during the 8:30 to 9:30 In behalf of the General

period under the leadership of the Y. Boards of M. I. A.

M. M. I. A. Chairman of the Adult

Department, and study the Adult DeJoseph Fielding Smith.

partment project, and any other joint In behalf of the GeneaAdult problems which may come up logical Society of Utah.

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, October, 1928

CO 0) t>0 2 U4 uc C Mo rt B0.6 c ao a, -aa 2c CU

4-> Ojl i '5 STAKE < W S3 Vi tit E a "S 01 < n n 5o M "o P. a ac3 a e3.Ho n rt Mo 2 >< 00 T> tuQ 1 [i, Oh

Bear River. 6 8 5 13 9 4 3 9 7 4 68

Beaver 1 1 8 10 Cottonwood 20 15 11 14 19 10 15 24 1 12 141

Emery 2 7 6 14 3 4 16 2 2 56 Ensign 22 20 10 16 10 10 15 26 6 2 137

Granite 11 12 4 15 8 6 8 16 1 1 82

Gunnison 17 20 11 12 20 10 10 40 8 10 158

Kolob 2 6 4 10 5 3 4 6 2 2 44 Lchi 3 15 14 10 2 10 10 5 3 13 85

Liberty 22 19 9 14 20 10 15 34 4 8 155

Mount Ogden 19 21 9 10 20 TO 20 40 14 163

North Sanpete 13 13 5 17 12 7 7 15 3 2 94

Ogden 16 15 7 12 16 7 12 14 5 4 108

Oquirrh 14 14 12 10 12 8 8 15 4 8 105

Pioneer 14 15 9 13 14 9 9 21 2 4 110

Roosevelt 5 8 5 13 1 3 2 5 3 5 50

Salt Lake.... 17 15 7 14 14 9 11 7,1 7 4 119

Sevier 5 21 12 17 20 10 10 32 5 5 137

South Davis 25 19 12 14 20 10 25 33 4 5 167

South Sanpete 9 15 10 8 12 8 6 17 5 12 102

Sooth Sevier 10 8 4 7 9 5 3 14 2 4 66

Timpanogos 16 16 13 12 8 8 7 15 11 13 119

Tooele 11 9 5 15 8 5 5 10 4 6 78

Uintah 5 5 9 6 4 4 3 11 47 Weber - 13 15 7 14 13 10 20 3 4 99

Bear Lake - 6 5 4 13 5 5 3 5 3? 51

Blaine 2 3 9 2 3 2 3 1 2 27 Franklin 14 14 12 12 9 8 6 19 10 7 111

Idaho 13 15 20 10 10 10 10 5 4 97

Lost River 4 2 3 10 4 23 Minidoka 10 10 5 7 9 5 6 14 8 9 83

Pocatello - 13 10 7 7 9 6 6 16 5 5 84

Portneuf 7 7 4 10 7 5 1 6 3 4 54

Shelley 10 4 9 10 7 7 8 12 2 4 83

Yellowstone 5 9 7 6 3 5 2 5 3 1 46

Alberta 6 7 6 15 6 3 7 3 3 56 Big Horn 9 7 1?n 8 5 5 1 9 65

Hollywood 17 12 12 14 12 8 14 13 '9 7 118

Los Angeles 16 15 9 10 14 8 16?? 11 11 132

San Francisco 15 11 9 16 14 7 9 16 16 12 125

Star Valley 5 6 4 13 3 4 2 5 3 1 46

Young 6 13 9 18 10 6 1 13 4 2 82

California Mission 19 14 14 13 16 9 1 19 10 14 129

N. W. States Mission.... 17 15 22 15 17 9 11 16 8 17 147

Central States Mission | 6 1 2 4 4 2 3 1 4 1 10 | 37

EVENTS

Patriarch Datus Horace Ensign died in Salt Lake sixtytwo years ago and

Nov. 14, 1928, in his home in Ogden, was reared here, receiving her education

75 years of age. He was born in Ogat the University of Deseret. Mrs.

den, July 23, 1853, the son of Datus Smoot is survived by three sons and and Elizabeth Jane Stewart Ensign. three daughters. The sons are HarElder Ensign has been prominent both old R. Smoot and Ernest W. Smoot

in ecclesiastical and business activities. of Washington, D. C, and Harlow

For eight years he was counselor to E. Smoot of Provo. The daughters

Bishop M. F. Brown and was bishop are Mrs. A. F. Cardon, who has been

of the ward until 1923, when he bewith her mother during the latter's came patriarch. He is survived by his recent illness and is now in Washingwidow and the following children: ton; Mrs. Grover Rebentisch of PortMrs. Mae Bramwell, Horace S. Ensign, land, Ore., and Mrs. Carlyle Nibley

Mrs. Lawrence Ritchie, Mrs. James M. of Long Beach, Calif. Funeral services

Harbertson, George C. Ensign, Mrs. were held in the Provo Tabernacle,

Harold L. Brown, Mrs. L. C. WilNov. 11, 1928, where thousands of

liamson and Allan Ensign. Twentyloving friends gathered to pay their

nine grandchildren, two sisters, Mrs. respects to the departed one and the

Lydia Herrick and Mrs. Elizabeth bereaved family. Among those in atWardlaw, and one brother, E. A. Entendance were President Heber J.

sign, also survive. Grant, President Anthony W. Ivins,

Called Home. Word was received President Charles W. Nibley, Apostle

from Washington, Nov. 7, 1928, that George Albert Smith, Senator and Mrs.

Mrs. Alpha May Smoot, beloved wife Wm. H. King, Congressmen E. O.

of Senator Reed Smoot, had passed Leatherwood and D. B. Colton, and

away in their home in Washington on Governor George H. Dern. The

the date mentioned. The death was speakers were President Heber J. Grant.

not unexpected. For some time she President Anthony W. Ivins and Dr.

was in a weak condition, owing to George H. Brimhall. The grave was

heart disease and paralysis. Toward dedicated by President Charles W.

the end she lapsed into a state of semiNibley.

consciousness, with only infrequent inWelcome in Utah. Mr. Herbert

tervals during which she would seemHoover, Republican candidate for the ingly recognize those at her bedside, Presidency, passed through Salt Lake though she could not speak to them. City on Sunday, Nov. 4, on his way

Paralysis was almost complete before to the Pacific coast. Crowds welshe lapsed into her last sleep. Mrs. comed him on all the railroad stations

Smoot was essentially a home woman, in Utah, especially in Provo, Salt Lake but she was also active in social affairs. City and Ogden. It being Sunday,

She entertained U. S. presidents, from no political speeches were made.

Roosevelt to Coolidge, but her home A daring Right. Commander H.

was always open to friends. She was C. MacDonald, an English aviator,

also interested in politics, and Senator took off from Harbor Grace, New

Smoot says much of his success is due Foundland, Oct. 17, 1928, at 11:51

to her wisdom and influence. Mrs. a. m., Eastern standard time, in his

Smoot was the daughter of Horace S. tiny Gypsy Moth de Haviland plane,

Eldredge, Salt Lake pioneer, and Chloe in order to cross the Atlantic to Eng-

A. Redfield Eldredge. She was born land. The aviator is said to be a

.

174 IMPROVEMENT ERA

novice at piloting. His plane has a Howard Knowlton Coray died Oct.

wing spread of only 25 feet and a 28, at his home in Salt Lake City, folweight of 800 pounds. The plane lowing a stroke a few days previous.

was last seen 600 miles east of New He was born in Iowa, April 10, 1842,

Foundland. There was no indication the son of Howard and Martha

of any difficulty then. This was at Knowlton Coray, and came with them

11 p. m., Oct. 17. to Utah, from Nauvoo, when he was

A hundred years old. Mrs. Almira only eight years old. Inl872hemarElizabeth Greeno, Murray, is not only ried Mary E. Lusk, and engaged in

100 years old, but she is also hale and ranching in San Luis Valley, Colo. In

hearty and enjoys life. Her 100th 1 892 he returned to Salt Lake City and

anniversary was celebrated Oct. 27, was for many years employed by the

late years he has and the entire town was interested in Deseret News. Of

is surthe event. The birthday child wore been doing temple work. He

a dress of silver grey and lavender silk, vived by his daughter, Miss Edna a gift from a ladies'aid society, with Coray, and the following brothers:

an orchid corsage, sent by a grandWilliam H., of Leota, Utah; Sidney

daughter in Kansas, and she occupied A., of Payson; George Q. and Louis

a rocking chair presented by a neigh- L., of Salt Lake City, and a sister, Mrs.

York. borhood club. Mayor Isaac Lester, T. B. Lewis, of Brooklyn, New

with a suitable speech, presented Mrs. The Final Call. Miss Josephine

Greeno with 100 silver dollars, given Spencer, a daughter of Daniel and Emiby the townspeople of Murray. From ly T. Spencer, passed away at Northe same source came the threetier walk, Cal., October 28, 1928, after a

birthday cake with its hundred candles. lingering illness. She was born in Salt

City, April 30, 1861. The lastA program was given by the Murray Lake

high school orchestra, under the direcsix years she has lived in California.

tion of W. F. Robinson, and dance Miss Spencer was one of Utah's gifted

tunes popular in the youth of Mrs. writers, whose poems and short stories

Greeno were played by Mr. Buxton, were widely read. For some years she

accompanied by his daughter, Mrs. was the society editor of the Deseret

lately, a member of the staff Annie Camp. A committee composed News, and

of representatives of each church, club, of the Pasadena Star.

fraternal order and society of Murray Home Again. The dirigible Graf

has worked for a month perfecting Zeppelin left Naval Air Station, Lakeplans for the birthday party, unique hurst, N. J., at 1:54 a. m., Oct. 29,

in the annals of Murray. Mrs. Greeno 1928, for the return trip to Germany.

lives at the home of her granddaughter She had 24 passengers and a crew of 40 and husband, Mr. and Mrs. S. M. men. Seven of the passengers had

Rowell, 145 East Fortyfifth South signed on at the point of departure for street. She was born October 28, 1828. a trip across, at $3,000 apiece. The

at Ogdensburg, N. Y. She has seen rest came over from Germany with the

twentyfive presidential elections. dirigible. About 6 o'clock in the

Called Home. Mrs. Almira Elizamorning, a 17year-old boy, an Amerbeth Greeno, Murray, Utah, who reican, was discovered as a stowaway.

cently celebrated the 100th anniversary He was treated very kindly by the of her birth, among friends and neighCommander. The ship landed safely

bors, passed away on Sunday, Nov. 1 1 at Friederichshafen, Nov. 1, at 7:06 a.

1928, two weeks after the anniversary. m., (1:06 a. m. New York time). The

Funeral services were held on the 13 th trip between Lakehurst and Friedof Nov., and the remains were laid erichshafen was made in 68 hours and

at rest in the Murray cemetery. 52 minutes.

PASSING EVENTS 175

Engineers'Convention. The first Oct. 15. The cause of death is given

annual convention of the Western Asas appendicitis. He was born at Petersociation of State Engineers convened son, June 24, 1894; married Mary

at the State capitol, October 29, 1928, Giles in the Temple, June 27, 1917;

for a threedays'session. Representatwo sons, Charles Eugene and Wm.

tives of thirteen states were in attendGerald, 10 years and 7 years, respectance. George W. Malone, state enively, are the fruits of the union.

gineer of Nevada and temporary presiAn L. D. S. Missionary lost at sea.

dent of the association, outlined the Elder David H. Huish, of Douglas.

purpose of the organization briefly at Ariz., and Keith W. Burt, of Cardston,

the beginning of the convention, and Alberta, Canada, were among the illlet it be understood that sectional fights fated passengers on the steamship, Veswere not to be discussed at the meettris. which sank, Nov. 12. 1928, in

ings. the Atlantic, about 275 miles from

Views of an Indian. An Indian, Hampton Roads. Elder Huish was

Chief Buffalo Long Lance, gave a lecamong the rescued passengers picked up ture before the Bonneville club, at Hoby the S. S. American Shipper, Nov.

tel Utah, Oct. 22, 1928, on which 13, but he was separated from his

occasion President Anthony W. Ivins companion, Elder Burt, when both

acted as toastmaster. The lecturer were hurled into the water, and he

maintained that the Constitution of fears the worst for his companion.

the United States was patterned after The two elders were on their way to the Iroquois League, the oldest democBuenos Aires, to join the missionary racy, he said, on earth. He further force there. According to survivors,

held that Indians have lived here "hunthe Vestris. on the night between Nov.

dreds of thousands of years"and they 10 and 11, the first night out, encertainly did not come from Asia. Concountered a terrible storm. She was

cerning the Iroquois League, the reader struck by gigantic waves, poundingis referred to A Constitutional League her until she developed a leak. Theof Peace in the Stone Age of America, next day she began to list. The storm

by J. N. B. Hewitt, Smithsonian Recontinued with unabated fury. Mostport for 1918, pp. 52745. Quoted of the passengers were seasick. Onin Introduction to the Study of the

Nov. 12, it was apparent that theBook of Mormon, pp. 271-5. ship was doomed, and all on board

A Church that Stands for Peace. were ordered to leave it. Signals of

The 49th triannual convention of the distress were sent out. Lifebelts

Protestant Episcopal church in the were donned. Life boats were launched.

United States, closed its twoweeks'But the utmost confusion prevailed.

session in Washington, Oct. 25, 1928. Captain Carey perished with the ship.A pastoral letter was issued, in which On Nov. 14, it was reported that 218the declaration was made that "the of the passengers and crew had been

most momentous task which faces the rescued, and that 1 1 still were missworld today is the warfare against ing. Survivors tell of confusion and

war."The members throughout the inefficiency, but also of deeds of bravcountry are therefore called upon to ery and heroism. Here is one of the

support all worthy movements for latter color: "And there was Lionel

peace. The letter also says there ought Licorice, the little quartermaster, who

to be greater unity among Catholic hails from Barbados. Some said Lionel

and Protestant churches. saved 20 lives. Anyway, he was in

Charles B. Whittear, Peterson, charge of boat number 14, and not

Utah, passed away, Oct. 10, 1928, only kept his precious cargo from the

according to a notice to the Era, dated deep, but occasionally jumped into the 176 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sea to save a helpless passenger buoyed been secretarytreasurer of the Bullionup by a lifebelt. The youth with Beck Mining Co., treasurer of the Z.

the candy name was quite unconcerned C. M. I., state bank examiner and

about it all when he came in on the national bank examiner. He is surAmerican Shipper."vived by his widow, Phoebe Young

Vernal's New Meeting House. The Beatie, daughter of Brigham Young,

stake conference was held here on Nov. and the following children: Mrs.

11, 1928, with Elder Melvin J. Charles S. Burton, Mrs. Edward P.

Ballard in attendance. Previous to Kimball, N. Ross Beatie, Salt Lake;

the conference a meeting was held in and Walter Sidney Beatie, Los Angeles.

the new chapel of the Vernal First The following brothers and sisters also ward. This chapel has been erected at survive: Hampden Sidney Beatie, Mrs.

the cost of $36,000. The construction H. C. Whitney, Frank L. Beatie, Edwas commenced April 6, 1928, and it ward Beatie, Mrs. J. H. Horlick, Mrs.

is now ready for dedication. John Walker, James M. Beatie and

Armistice Day. The tenth anni- W. W. Beatie, Salt Lake; Mrs. B. G.

versary of Armistice was observed on Thatcher, Logan, and Mrs. H. E.

Nov. 11, 1928, by the churches in Bartlett, San Diego. Seven grandUtah, as elsewhere, with appropriate children and two greatgrandchildren

services. On the day following, a pa also survive.

rade of exservice men, soldiers and Healing by Faith Endorsed. A rewar paraphernalia was witnessed in port read before the general convention

Salt Lake City by thousands of specof the Protestant Episcopal church in tators, who lined the streets. Aero Washington, Oct. 22, 1928, declares

planes roared in the air, as the parade, that "Christian healing has passed bewith lively music, was reminding the yond the stage of experiment and its people of the significance of the day. value cannot be questioned."Among

Gold for the Archbishop. A gift the signers of the report were three

of $1,570,000 from 15,000 subscribphysicians, Dr. Howard Johnson of

ers was handed the Right Honorable San Francisco, Dr. Charles H. Mayo

Randall Thomas Davidson, retiring of Rochester, Minn., and Dr. W. Sinarchbishop of Canterbury, in recogniclair Bowen of Washington, D. C.

tion of his "long and conspicuous serThe report is the result of six years vices to the church and nation,"on the of study by a special commission, and goldenwedding anniversary of the the convention is asked to "thankfully worthy bishop and his consort. The recognize the deepening of the spiritual

archbishop, upon his Retirement, belife of the church which has come came Baron Davidson of Lambeth. through the growing recognition of

Mt. Etna Active. The village of the healing power of God."

-Mascal, Sicily, was destroyed on Nov. Ward House Destroyed by Fire. The

7. 1928, by a molten mass of lava that Alpine ward, Utah, Co., meeting house

poured from the crater of Mt. Etna, was burned to the ground on Sunday,

and the village of Nunziata was threatOct. 21, 1928; nothing but the stone

ened by a smaller flow. The damage and brick walls remaining. The loss

done to property is estimated at is estimated at from $6,000 to $7,000.

$15,000,000, and nine human lives Part of the building destroyed was are known to be lost in the molten built of stone in 1872. About twentytorrent. six years ago a brick addition was

Walter J. Beatie, formerly bishop erected. The building contained an

of the 17th ward, Salt Lake City, died auditorium, amusement hall and upNov. 8, 1928, at his home in Salt stairs offices. The fire is attributed

Lake City, 78 years of age. He was to sparks from one of the three stoves

well known in business circles, having in the building.

Prompt Identification

"But I don't know you, madam,"protested the paying teller to a woman who had presented a check.

The woman, instead of replying haughtily, "I do not wish your acquaintance, sir,"merely gave him a glassy smile and said:

"Oh, yes, you do. I don't need

anyone to identify me. I'm the 'redWe Specialize in making up

headed hen'next door to you, whose 'imps of boys'are always running Stage Curtains and across your garden. When you started Draperies

for town this morning your wife said, Modern and up to the Minute.

'Now, Henry, if you want a dinner

Our work shop is equipped with the very fit to eat this evening you'll have to latest appliances.

leave me a little money. I can't keep

this house on Christian Science.'You Gall at Z. C. M. I.

in the to gohave back way when the Drapery Department scrubbed—has beenporch Decorator Give You an Estimate Let Our

FREE OF CHARGE "Here's your money,"interrupted the teller faintly. Parry's Pickings.

LETS GO TO

KEELEY'S to Eat""The Home of Good Things

For Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner Light refreshments—MISSIONARIES

or Full Delicious Box Course Dinners Lunches for the train foods—Homelike up to your order. prepared by—put

women cooks. "Gems of Good Cookery"

CO. KEELEY ICE CREAM

- 55 So.Alain160 So.Main 260 Sa State -rrfiUigrs OmqyDept.

5 Popular Stores

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MOTOR OIL

This tried and tested oil stands up under extreme engine heat-—saves gasoline and reduces friction to a minimum.

Use only Conoco Motor Oil and you will be sure of Extra

Life For Your Car. Conoco specializes in keeping motors

young

GROWN LARGE

By DOING SMALL JOBS WELL

"Distinctive Printing In All Its Branches'

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

SEND IT TO THE"'

1L.VTLJ 13;FY319 South Main Street N Telephone

Salt Lake City Distinctive Work Hyland 190

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LATTERDAY SAINTS GARMENTS Save Agent's Commission—Buy Direct from Our Modern Factory Made

Individual to order, OLD or NEW Style.

i* Samples sulnnU ted on request.

t l 'or MEN No Fur LADIES Xo.

'/ 81 Flat Weave $.93 92 Ribbed Light Wt V1.2S

82 Ribbed Light Weight 1.26 93 Ribbed Extra Fine 1.50

J 1.'J S3 Fine Quality Cotton 1.50 92 5 Med. Light Wt

,< 862 Fine. 1.9.", rWt.,...,.Silk.Stripe Mercerized.,,,..Lisle 1.95..,97..Med.. S?2 Silk Stripe, Med. Wt 1.50M, - Heavy Wt.. 1.75, 821 Extra Fine Silk Stripe 1.95 975 Med

82G Fine Rayon Silk 2.95 3107 Wool and Cotton Mix 3.75

} BE SURE to specify OLD or NEW Style, light weights are usually made with short sleeve and threequarter legs according to TEMPLE PATTERN, >'the heavy weights are regularly made with long sleeves and long legs.

>'In ordering, to insure good tit, give bust measure, height and weigbt.

J''Garments marked, 15c pair extra. We prepay postage to all parts of the

: United States. $1.00 extra for old style silk, 25c for marking silk.

I < Quality Highest—Prices Lowest

I

i t SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE I 70 Main Street, Salt Lake City

Oldest KnittingStore in Utah

it-*-**-*-**"**'

Too Late to Start School?—

never too late at this College—it's

Begin any Monday

L. D. S. Business College

"L. D. S. TRAINING DOESN'T COST—IT PAYS!"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest clans of advertising;- We recommend to our

readers the firms and goods found in our advertising pages

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE] Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker

Continental Oil Co. Keeley Ice Cream Co.

DaynesBeebe Music Co. L. D. S. Business College

Daynes Jewelry Co. Southern Pacific Lines

Deseret Book Store Troy Laundry

Deseret News University of Utah

Dinwoodey Furniture Co. Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Fleischmann's Teast Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

HUMOROUS HINTS

Maud Muller as she raked the hay, wore a darn sight more than the gals today. Detroit Free Press. *****

The Sunday school teacher was speaking. "This morning we have for our

subject, the gleaner. Now who in this class can tell me anything Ruth—Ruth

about Ruth?"

A small boy raised his hand.

"Well, Willie, what do you know about Ruth?"

"Please, ma'am, he cleaned up sixty home runs last season."Exchange.

MY COMPLEXION

IS SMOOTH AND CLEAR

"About a year ago my face was covered with pimples and blotches,"writes

Hilda Bingham of Provo, Utah. "I started taking 2 to 3 cakes of Fleischmann's

Yeast for Health daily, feeling it could do no harm as I had little faith in it.

"After taking it for two months, I began to notice an improvement in my appearance as well as feeling so much better. Now my complexion is perfectly

smooth and clear."

Fleischmann's Yeast for Health has relieved thousands of chronic constipation.

It is sold by grocers as a service to their customers. They advise their customers to eat 3 cakes a day, either plain or in water. Eat it for your health.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST

At All Grocers

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "There is a peculiar dignity attached to the gift of a book that is in no way affected by its price."

THE LIGHT OF FAITH EVERY CHILD SHOULD ENJOY

THE PATH TO HOME THE OWNERSHIP OF GOOD

HARBOR LIGHTS OF HOME BOOKS.

HEAP O'LIVIN'Our stock is replete with Bible Story

JUST FOLKS AHeapoLivin'Books.

Edgar A.Gust

All by Edgar The Oz books—and all kinds of

Guest. story books.

Our stock has been carefully selected

At $1.25, $1.50, and contains just the books you want

2.00 and $2.50. for your children.

They make exLet us help you select the right cellent Gifts. books.

Deseret Book Company 44 East on South Temple

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1928 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 125 NORTH MAIN STREET

Fire Is Respecter Of Persons No

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -2L-r fr 'THAT BUYER GAINS WHO DEALS WITH DAYNES'

It will pay you to patronize Daynes. Utah's Oldest Jewelry Store.

Three Generations of Satisfied Customers.

I2S MAIN ST.

Ask your dealer for the famous Z. C. M. I.

FactoryMade MOUNTAINEER OVERALLS For men, youths, boys and children.

9-oz. CopperRiveted

WAIST OVERALLS For men and boys. Wear

'em and let 'er buck.

Guaranteed for Quality, Fit and Service

ALLOVERS and PLAY SUITS

for Children

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

You Not Think it Marvelous? Desires—Would

Tonr Income to continue even though accident or Illness should suddenly snatch for for collect Income or your yon nnftt render work. Anyon away wife—a now. ten years for children. in ownership of yonreducation from home yonr The

The possibility of retirement and the Joy of travel and leisure In your later years.

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realised

If you act now—Make today's hopes reaUtles tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy Is the Key to Success

Blots out your worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Home Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

HEBER J. GRANT. President K. T. RALPHS, Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA