e cover—columbines By DR. WALTER P. COTTAM,

Botanist, U. of U.

brothers visit these fountains unreDr. Cottam took the photographs used freshed.

as cover this month. Columbines are native only to North

TTLOWERS are intensely human. Temperatealone are aboutregions,20 species.and in InAmericahumid

Some seem to glorify a hidden sections of our country they are brilcharm—are and"bornliketo theblushbashfulunseen."retiringOthersmaid liantour mountainousdenizens of shadyWest, woods,they dancebut inin

advertise their beauty and display their the sunshine of every Alpine meadow.

subtle graces with marked cleverness. Each section of our country is not

In a popularity contest where sheer atwithout its favorite columbine. In

tractiveness decides the ballot, the eastern U. S. and Canada, red is the

perhaps, be judgedcolumbine, would the Northwest, scarlet—in order—inthe princess in flowerdom. best known the in the Southwest, yellow—and regardless of its columbine, The central blue Rockies, and white. Utah

familybuttercup)-—neverties (for it is stoopssister totothemedioclowly hasStateallFlowerthese Aquilegiaforms but caeruleathe Coloradois our

rity. Few flowers in nature can boast most striking species.

of such unusual form, and no family of Columbines lend themselves without floral gems can surpass the columbine in trouble to cultivation and since they its variety of spectral tints. hybridize with unusual ease, many

Columbines are always "dressed up,"varieties decorate our gardens.

and like John Burroughs'catbird, a Only thoughtless or inexperienced spectator is always implied. Did you mountain climbers ever pick columever see this fairy of the woods when bines, for no flower can lose more of

it did not seem to be dancing to some its charm when removed from its ethereal orchestra too delicate for mortal natural haunts. Mere moments afterears to hear—but always dancing! it is severed from its delicate stem the

Suspended at the apex of slender, a bit coquettish, but their attractiveness columbine is but a withered mockery leafy stems, columbines find a symis genuine. No humming bird fails to of its former loveliness.

phony of movement in every mountain find his sunken well of sweets in the For him who loves to climb our breeze. spurred nectaries which hang gracefully western Sinais, columbines are like livColumbines could, because of their from each of the five delicate petals, ing jewels in the Temple. Pray leave

great popularity, be accused of being and few bumblebees or lesser insect them there!

What the immediate coming

of "Greatness H. Callis"—another in Men—Charles

leaders interesting portraits of our by President those

S. Hinckley. Numbers Will Articles:Bryant

the and "International Why Conventions—the

in the moments of three dramatic "A close up How—

recent International Convention in Paraguay, by PresiBring dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

acinteresting Rags "When Were Precious"—an

the pioneer of the which confronted problems count paper makers, by Rachel Grant Taylor.

"The Kingdom of God,"by Judge Nephi Jenson, an enlightening discussion of this intriguing subject.

"Birds of the Bible,""Flags of the Confederacy,""Glasses, What Do They Mean,"etc.

Fiction "Black Magic,"a pioneer story that will touch the heart, by Will Dobson.

"One Saturday,"an adorable picture of pioneer

You May Know Your Background and Catch a childhood,"Turquoiseby EdnaTaffeta,"Wells bySloan.Alice Lee Eddy.

Glimpse of the Future by Reading

Poetry: "Our Inland Sea,"and many other unusually fine poems. The Improvement Era

50 North Main Street New Writers Department:

Salt Lake City, Utah whoseThisworksectionhaswillnot containbefore beenstoriesin andprint.poems by those

Heber J. Grant, Editor

Harrison R. Merrill, Managing Editor Elsie Talmage Brandley, Associate Editor

EDITORIALS

June Conference //. R. Merrill 350

TheSafety—TheLiquor QuestionSummer Project H. R. Merrill 350350 Moving Pictures—What About Them? Elsie Talmage Brandley 350

ARTICLES The Cover—Columbines Dr. Walter P. Cottam—Inside Front Cover

International Conferences J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 323

Frontispiece H. R. Merrill 328

Hyrum Smith's Book of Mormon 329

Perils and Pleasures of Mountain Climbing George F. Paul 330

My Biggest Thrill in Baseball Walter Johnson 333

Flower Photographs Contest 34 The Flower Clock Emma S. Jensen 341

Let's Talk About Personality Mildred Baker 342

Soil as a Living System Thomas L. Martin 343

The Power of Truth William George Jordan 344

Genius and the Mission of the Free School Daniel Harrington 346

One Man's Meat is Another Man's Poison Medical Staff, B. Y. U. 347

Born to Write. F. Howard Forsyth 354

What is a Poem, and Why? Elsie Talmage Brandley 355

London Echoes—From the M Men Courts G. Homer Durham 368 Wasatch Ward M Men Champions. Les Goates 369

FICTION Out of the Dust Dorothy Clapp Robinson 326

Mother's Hands Algie Herbert 332

Max Fights a Battle. Alfred Fielding 335

The Other Millie Morton Mary Hale Woolsey 338

Quick on the PickUp Virginia Cannon Nelson 35 6

POETRY Wild Flowers Dona Wayland 339 Remembering Harry Elmore Hard 345

Spring. Camille C. Nuffer 345

'idfeP '*$*#* To Youth.....-Christie Lund 345

Compensation...Antoinette Lambourne Fowler 345

Solace I Find 345 Brown R u th Lindsay*6s Elizabeth 345 Witmer Locke -mS Hawthorne:y*9Cz These Things Ardyth Kennelly 345

"gflgi Hope Dies Estelle Webb Thomas 345

Content Solveig Paulson 3 7 Ambition Gertrude Stanton 384 After Heartbreak Catherine E. Berry 379

DEPARTMENTS jg* -c Results of The Improvement Era subWard Teaching 364 scription contest 35 2 Aaronic Priesthood 365 Lights and Shadows on the Screen 3 60

Book Reviews 361 s> Mutual Messages 3 67 "tiP((H Melchizedek Priesthood 3 62 PART Your Page and Ours 385 WE DO OUR

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations and *j:>i Department of Education

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, General Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Street, North 50 City, Salt Main Clarissa Lake Beesley, A. Utah Associate Mgr. City, Lake Utah, secondclass as Copyright, the 1932, by Men's Young Mutual B. Peterson, O. Business Mgr. matter. for Acceptance mailing at Improvement Association Corporation the of Morris, George O. special rate of postage for provided Church Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. of C. Katie Jensen in rights Ail section reserved. 1103, price, of SubscriMio'n Act $2.00 October, a

Chairmen Publicity Era and year, in advance; a 20c Single Copy. 1917, authorized 2, 1918. July

Photo by Eva Hogan "THE SENTINEL"—BY JACK SEARS

INTERNATIONAI

raoSP IBffl - ''CONFERENCES

]KmWMMnNKv-'-'"-s>'- - y-----.-..-. the How TheWhy and

By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

, * v * 3r* As* v* 4bB *i;i&<--*i ( What is the -procedure at an International Conference?

How are the delegates seated? Who calls on whom and

when? Who holds the disciplinary power? What language is used? How long and how often may a delegate

speak? These are but jew of the many challenging questions

answered in this intensely interesting article by one who repPRESIDENT@yHJ. REUBEN CLARK, JR., A DELEGATE resented the United States at the Conference.

FROM THE UNITED STATES PART II the British laws enacted to protect become operative only in case of its colonial trade prior to the Revowar.

our first article we traced the lutionary War. Nations almost So Abram's conference was the INhistory—told the why—of the never sought to work out as a normal type for almost four thoufirst international conference group, and to their mutual advansand years. The why of such conand so far as possible we recontage, any economic or commercial ferences was in essence the why of

structedhow—thethemachineryconferenceofshowingits organithe problemrangement.by aHowever,joint amicablethere wereartheyearsconferenceago metwhichin "thefour valleythousandof

zation and working. The same some bilateral agreements dealing Shaveh, which is the king's dale,"

essentials of the internareciprocal advantages, trade with why—an PALACE, LEGISLATIVE ON OF THE THE STEPS tional adjust, to it may DEC. 1933. PRESIDENT MONTEVIDEO, CLARK affected these frequently but only

IS RIGHT AT3, THE of to and of war, contraband so were be to avoid—andsituation Servicio Oficial, Montevideo. the how—theor Photo

mechanicsconference—haveof the comeoperationdownoftotheus

today.

Speaking in general terms, the international conferences held prior to the last century were chiefly for the adjustment of situations resulting from war. Indeed, it is scarcely

too much to say that prior to this last century the normal contact and interrelations of nations, as such, were normally in the abnormalities of war. Peace time contacts were

in good part confined to plottings and intrigues regarding matters that led to war, or mitigating or eliminating the results of war, or occasionally planning to avoid it.

The measures affecting international commerce were usually taken as incidents of war (British Orders in Council and the NapoleonicBerlin Decrees during the Napoleonic wars are instances), or else were established to safeguard purely domestic commerce, as for example,.:

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

IN THE SECRETARY'S OFFICE IN A

LEADING HOTEL, PRESIDENT CLARK

FOURTH FROM LEFT

Photo Service Fotocinematografico

Oficial, Montevideo, Uruguay.

with Abram and Melchizedek as State of the United States as the International Conferences of American "great presiding officer of the governing States.the dominating figures—the

powers"of the conference. board, as a matter of graceful Chapter II

are The Pan American Union has a Problems of International Law—theBut mannerthe how inof suchwhichconferencesthey courtesy.

L. 6. codificaprogressive have of the Methodorganized and work—may J. Rowe—who the Director—Dr.

international of law, and considerafunctions tion various at this time, has charge of the andmost of interest since the Seventh International performed by the Union. suchtion as:of topics susceptible of codification

Conference of American States Among the other things which (a) The Rights and Duties of States.

("VII Pan American Conference") the governing board of the Union (b) Treaties and their interpretation.

is the most recent general conferdoes is the drawing of the pro- (c) International responsibility of ence held, and since the writer was gram—the Agenda as it is termed States,of Justice.with special reference to the Denialprivileged to see its operations—for the Pan American Confer- (d) Definition, Duration and Reci-

"back stage"as it were, some genence. Subjects are included therein, procity of Political Asylum.

eral description of the how of that or, sometimes, excluded therefrom, (e) Extradition.

(f) Nationality. at of suggestion of the one interesting. or more beConference may Territorial Sea. (g) representatives various the the of of the Conference, As to the why 7. of the Report Permanent Committee

it may be initially said that it was countries forming the Union, such on Public International Law of Rio de a purely peacetime Conference, representatives making the suggesJaneiro on the general principles which facilitate regional agreements between (it is tion assumed) at the may always of matconsiderationcalled for the states agriadjacent industrial the and on their governments. direction the of and affecting with ters dealing cultural use the of waters of international

international contacts and interThe Agenda for the last Conrivers, and reports of the said Committee course of peace, to the mutual adference is inserted here that the naand of the Permanent Committee on Privantage of all, and to discuss and to ture and scope of the work the VII vatethe mattersInternationalprovidedLawforofin Montevideothe Resolutionon treat of means and methods of Conference was supposed to do may of the Sixth International Conference of avoiding war, so preserving peace. be known. American States of February 18, 1928.

THE Conference was convened by PROGRAM OF THE SEVENTH INChapter III the governing board of the Pan TERNATIONALOF AMERICANCONFERENCESTATES Political and Civil Rights of American Union, the Union being Women an organization of all the republics Chapter I 8. Report of the InterAmerican Comof this hemisphere, with its seat in Organization of Peace mission of Women on the political and

Washington at the Pan American 1 Methods for the prevention and civil equality of women.

pacific coninter-American of settlement board governing building. The IV Chapter flicts. is American this Union of Pan

2. (a) InterAmerican Commissions Financial of Economic and Problems State of Secretary the of up made Conciliation. (b) of the PermaReport

of the United States and of the nent Commission of Conciliation of Wash- 9. Consideration of the recommendadiplomatic representatives of each ington on its activities. tions of the Fourth Pan American Comof the American republics accredited 3. Declaration of August 3, 1932. mercial Conference relative to

Plan. (a) Duties. Customs Pacts—Argentine

the to our government in Washington. 4.5. AntiWarConsideration (b) of a plan to secure Currency

When all governments are repreprompt ratification of the General Treaty possibility of adoptingstabilizationa uniform monetaryand the sented in Washington, there are as of InterAmerican Arbitration and of the system.

(c) of General InterAmerican Arbitration. Convention Commercial republicsmany

in 5, Conciliation of of January 1929, (d) Promotion and Tourist Travel. is, twenon this membershemisphere—thatas there are ratification secure general to of 10. Quotas. Import the prompt

tytwo. It has been the custom treaties and conventions and the early ap11. Import prohibitions.

heretofore to elect the Secretary of plication of the resolutions adopted at the 12. Collective commercial treaties.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE,. 1934 325

13. Report on the resolutions of the (b) Social Insurance: Unemployment bettering the connections which exist beInter- American Conference on Agriculture. and practical forms of unemployment intween them.

14. Report on the establishment of an surance. 26. Report of the Pan American RailInter-American economic and financial or- (c) Uniformity of demographic staway Committee.

ganization under the auspices of the Pan tistics. 27. Study of the penal provisions and

American Union. 19. Results of national and internaof the regulations of the Convention on

15. The InterAmerican protection of tional conferences on child welfare, with Commercial Aviation signed at the Sixth

Patents of Invention. a view to broadening the work of the International Conference of American

16. Consideration of the draft conveninter-American Institute at Montevideo. States.

Port Forphar- and Procedure to foodstuffstion on Customs 20. Application and

malities American formulated to other Chapter VIII maceutical Pan products by the exported

Commission on Customs Procedure and American countries, of the same sanitary, International Conferences of

Port Formalities which met at Washington pure food and drug regulations which are American States from November 18 to 26, 1929. in effect in the country of production on

17. Consideration of projects of uniall those commodities consumed therein. 28. Results of the International Conform legislation relative to such topics as: ferences of American States.

(a) Bills of Exchange, Checks and Chapter VI (a) Reports submitted by the delegaother Commercial (b) Bills of Lading. Paper. Intellectual Cooperation tionsthe conventionson the actionand takenresolutionsby theadoptedStates onat

(c) Insurance. 21. InterAmerican copyright protecthe Pan American Conferences, with special

(d) Simplification and standardization tion, and the possibility of reconciling the reference to the Sixth Conference.

of the requirements for Powers of AtHavana and Rome conventions. (b) Results, not specifically included

torney. 22. American Bibliography: in other sections of this program, of the

(e) Juridicial personality of foreign (a) Exchange of information. special conferences held in the interval becompanies. (b) Encouraging national and contitween the Sixth and Seventh International

(f) The losses caused by theft and nental bibliographic effort. Conferences of American States and of the

pilferage of cargo in maritime commerce. 23. Report on the results of the Conpermanent institutions established by the

(g) Any other draft conventions on gress of Rectors Deans, and Educators, International Conferences.

uniform legislation relative to commercial which met at Havana in February, 1930. 29. Convocation, Participation, and

and maritime law that may be formulated 24. International cooperation to make meeting of future conferences, and adhesion

by the Permanent Committee on Compareffective respect for and conservation of of nonsignatory states.

ative Legislation and Uniformity of Legthe national domain over historical monu- (a) Consideration of the extraordinary islation established at Havana by virtue of ments and archeological remains. convocation of the International Conferthe resolution of February 18, 1928, of ences of American States.

the Sixth Conference. Chapter VII (b) Participation in the Pan AmerChapter V Transportation signatoryican Conferences,states toandthetheconventionsadhesion ofsignednonSocial Problems 25. InterAmerican fluvial navigation: at such Conferences.

18. Consideration of the establishment Reports of the Governments on technical (c) Future International Conferences

of an InterAmerican Bureau of Labor, studies relative to the navigation of rivers of American States.

which will include in its program the and the elimination of obstacles to navifollowing gation, and the possibility of connecting or TT may be here observed that in of of (a) the condition Improvement less time, the than four weeks AFFOREIGN MANE, FOR MINISTER ALBERTOliving of workmen: FAIRS OF OF THE AND PRESIDENT URUGUAY conConference American VII Pan ) in industry. safety ( Promotion of 1 FIRST AT PLENARY SPEAKING CONFERENCE,

(2) Improved housing conditions. SESSION (Continued on Page 372)

326 OUT By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON

To all who love a hard silent y steady HeMan and a steady, strong—bothbut tender, SheWomanof whomequallycould

take it.

MM

IRGINIA'S gaze vitals. So much was wrong, so

swept the heatblis- little could be done about it. These

tered hills. On a avoidless elements were fiendish

north slope following his plow, taskmasters, foes one couldn't fight.

her husband trudged back and Once within their pitiless grasp, forth, back and forth. Since the you seared and withered as surely

first peep of day, he had been doing as the dusty weeds by the roadside.

just that. Regularly, huge spirals Heat and dust! Was there a spot in

of dust, rising from the plow, all the world denude of their alhid him from view until a fitful mightiness? Cool shade, green

breeze caught and flung them, lawns, banks of colorful flowers, streamerlike, away. Dock and were but figments of a fevered

thistle, venturing to the very edge mind; so were spacious homes and

of the plowed ground, were dull husbands who were fair. with a coating of that greybrown "Bum cook! Is that so,—

dust. Nowhere was there a patch She turned to fling a square of

of color, or an inch of shade. Heat mosquito netting over her sleeping and dust hung perniciously over babe. For a moment she watched the earth.

A helpless rage burned at her him.he'd be Sweettumblingand aboutclean innow,the soondust

THE WONDER WAS THAT MEN WOULD DO THE outside, unless

THING SAME OVER YEAR AFTER YEAR. THIS She turned restlessly to the door TELL WEEK TALE, WOULD THE THEN JIM WOULD

GRIM, COME IN, DUSTY AND SILENT AND WITH again. It was unusually hot for

DEFEAT. UNACKNOWLEDGED FOR THEN ANOTHER

YEAR THEY WOULD EAT THE CRUMBS OF LUCK. this early and not a cloud in sight.

.

the DUSTILLUSTRATED BY FIELDING K. SMITH

She no longer wondered why it to wallow hopelessly in it with him huge slab then; and she'd used it,

couldn't storm; nor watched until year after year. Your reward, she the Lord alone knew how sparher eyes ached for signs of rain. reflected bitterly, was criticism for ingly. There were two slices left.

There just wasn't any moisture left not wallowing in the proper manIt had been such a help in dressing in the universe. The wonder was ner. Bum cook, was she? Bellyup their tasteless meals. She had

that men would do the same thing aching for something to do with, craved meat, too, but she had closed over year after year. This week huh? Well, she'd turn the job her senses to its delicious, appetizwould tell the tale, then Jim would over to him for a while, and see ing odor and left it for him, and

come in, dusty and grim, and silent what miracles he'd perform with here, just as it was gone, was Dora.

with unacknowledged defeat. Then potatoes and eggs. Her anger was Dora, who loved her meals and

for another year they would eat the bittered by defeat. Oh, she'd heard hated barren hills and stubborn

crumbs of luck. For another year it all before, of course, but this men and hot, dusty poverty.

she would watch the valley road morning had been the last straw. The car honked. Virginia slamin mingled fear and anticipation; Human endurance had reached its med the cupboard door and rushed

anxious to see loved ones, to visit, limit. out into the arms of her sister. For

to relieve the cankering loneliness; one long minute she was held in

yet fearful of their freshness, their FROM the pocket of that cool unbelievably clean smellfine cars, and most of all their nother apron she took a letter. Jed ing embrace, then—

tooveiled pity. They had all foreButler had left it on his way past. "Darling,"as she wiped her eyes.

seen her future so clearly! It was from Dora, who lived in "You are so thin—and brown."

At first it hadn't mattered, for California. Virginia read it again Dora would.

she had been happy with love and and her cheeks flushed. Luck had Without answering, Virginia led

full of faith; now she knew the played into her hands. There was the way into the shack. Into the

whole scheme was without reason. nothing Dora wanted quite so one room with its shining black

Dry farming was a thing of the much as to take her out of this. stove, its oldfashioned safe with

past. Everyone knew and acknowlThen, if Jim wanted to follow her perforated tin doors, its rough unedged it. Everyone except Jim and to the valley, all right. If he didn't, covered floor and in the far corner

his kind. They strode stubbornly well, that would be all right, too. its cheap iron bed. To it, they

on. Stubbornly they disked and A heavier spiral of dust away to stepped carefully. On the clean

plowed and harrowed and seeded. the north caught her eye. Her colored spread—Jim kicked about

Stubbornly, they refused to be breath came quickly. the water, but she would wash

car. Watching lay a baby boy. His light silkyrouted by heat or drought. TenaIt was—it was a

ciously they did the same thing dry until there was no longer any curls were damp with the heat and summer after dry summer; somedoubt, she rushed to the cupboard, lay in a halo about his dimpled,

times getting back their seed, someits empty shelves sent a quiver of sunburned face.

times not; but always becoming a hysteria through her. What would "Why didn't Mother come?"

little more glum, a little more deshe cook—what would she cook? Virginia asked later as they sat on

termined. There was nothing except spuds the edge of the bed.

She could be determined, too, there was the bacon. "It's so hot and dusty riding, and—yes,opened a rolled paper and set besides,"she paused and addedand this was an occasion. TwentyShe

six tomorrow, and nothing ahead her lips hard to keep from screamslowly, "I want to take you back but more years of dust and silence. ing. The last time she had been in with me. You will go, won't

It was one thing to stay by a man the valley, Mother had slipped it you i through worse, but quite another among her things. It had been a Of course she'd go, she had

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

packed her suitcase this morning, find a few onion tops. Against with a woman around a man was

but the fence was a stand of multipliers. entitled to a meal. Eat them or

"It's too awful,"Dora was conTheir color was undecided, but at leave them, she'd cook them once tinuing, "to think of spending anleast they would give savor to the more. After that it would be up

other year in this?"Her gesture everlasting eggs. The sight of one to him.

took in the bare room, the treeless nauseated her. What was it Jim Across the field she could see him

slopes. "It will be but a repetition had said this morning? You had headed homeward, following the

of last year and the year before and to eat eggs when you batched, but horses through the loose dirt. The

the year before that."wind was hot against her face as

"But Jim?"she ran back to the house, but the

set Dora's in a line that mouth familiar. close The Frontispiece housethe troublewas hotterwith still.sagebrush.That wasIt leanedwas She and

with one smooth finger traced the rpHE SENTINEL,"an oil painting by made such a hot fire while it lasted.

line of the other's chin. * Jack Sears, the well known illustrator, Going to the cupboard she saw the

is as frontispiece used month. crisp, those This bacon. "Here's trouble, and darling. your Browned

scene painted not morning many was the needed aren't positive add two slices would enough.You You early miles Salt beautiful Lake from thisCity—aneed me to settle it. If you can't quaking aspen with the Wasatch Mountouch to Dora's dinner—lunch.

see what you are doing to yourself, tains in the background. It might be said She hesitated. Jim did need a'

to as be in blue, a Mr. symphony Sears little us. It'sthink of breaking our

effect. telling has used of blue shades with

hearts. can't But enjoy our pleasWe composition, scene in is decorative meatDora—shewhen heknewworkedtooso muchhard. The

ures for thinking of you. Come reminiscent of some of the best Japanese now. Still if she cooked them, Jim

home with me. I'll take care of art. One critic said of the painting, "This would probably eat both pieces as

beautiful painting has aspen quaking right. the his gone be If heBaby did—she'd while you work—the Predeft lightness masterpiece, Japanese of acious."night, he came in at anyway when

is eery loveliness of lux- a study and and urious peacefulness."so why worry?

riER voice dropped Jack Sears has made thousands of By the time dinner was ready, interests His movements and in, grizzly came unshaven with Jimsuddenly to a soft caressing be traced note sketches.could looking through by 20,000 his fine dust. beard Across and ofwith a touch heartbreak. Viris sketches cataloguing. he He benow

ginia's remembered barrenness was lieves that an artist is the sum total of his shoulders and along the arms of his the one irreconcilable frustration sketches and that to keep fit an artist must blue shirt, perspiration and dust daily. sketch, sketch, sketch the outline of his had markedof life. Dora's otherwise dominant

first Salt art studied the in Lake, He muscles. Dora matterHe greeted crushedShe to her Touslehead her city of birth, his J. one with T. Harwood,

and kissed the top of his silky head. of whose paintings has already been run offactly, asking questions loudly

Dora said: "You've never been in this series. This work was done along while he washed in a pitifully small

three other with famous tied now water. of then amount artists—A. He California.to Shade B. Richards, Wright, Lee Greene and Ma- a his chair in used high with Baby grassand and gorhonri master Young. Harwood "The It'sflowers—suchheavenly. towel, his it beside and moved owngeous ones. trees thrilled There's too. appreciation the beach, for deep me with

There is no doubt about work. and all nature,"said Mr. Sears recently. chair.

to Francisco Later he and San went Virginia that basin the snatchedI've seen to that. with Come me studied George under B. drawing Mathis held water dashing and wash fall you'll and yourself by benow Keith. thews William San and From a outside, it carefully into poured sister. beautiful Francisco he to he York, where went baby Newagain—my basin, sapearth shallow a where studied Volk, George under Douglas DeI'd love to dress you, to you show

Forest a ling Chase. William Brush, shoots green and and M. were fewlife. is office in There Ed's a man Later studied Henri. with he Robert existence. struggling for There for dyingI'm to meet. you in years Sears spent fourteen Mr. New reason to wouldn't it. She was no Virginia's heart raced publications leading for hard. City working York

Clothes, men, velvety lawns, even including three years with The Morning see the flowers if they bloomed, tree neither this the Telegraph. attended period he During would embryoice. satisfying it would How theatrical writers, be. sporting events with and planas she shade baby's bed had course she going,Of but was leaders are the in of nation the many whom to reason there ned; but no was consulted "It's her today, Dora watch. for them. cartooned and During

eleventhirty. Can you be ready this period he sketched hundreds of famous waste water either.

to food hastened then people. She "Life,''the contributed put art to has He are one? clothes?by your Where

"Literary Digest,""Harper's,""Puck,"table. Biscuits the carefully on I start packing?"May other magazines. and light; savory omelet browned; and

invitation personal given a by was He Eleventhirty. 'Take Baby."fried potatoes; the bacon. and visit Elbert to the the of Hubbard homeVirginia flew stove. to the When it lest carefully cooked so She had there Roycrofters. he While made many

firethe kindled, she again was sketches of other did Mr. it and Hubbard recognition. shrink beyond

faced the cupboard. Throw somework for the philosopher. "Some youngster we got here,

thing they Sears, glad best Jack for was though known to beginning together—she his huh,"demanded, Jim

oils, sketches, uses ink water and pen forgotten the time.had It would eat gusto. hurriedly with and pastels, colors, clay. crayons, colored and excuse.be a a good There was perfect.""He's breathed Dora strips for comic has newspapers, made He

little cream, sour bisshe'd make illustrated created books, has the drawand adoration. a pity her "But what

it;cuits there goodness, with thank ings for cartoon. one animated to keep no him here. No shade,

still little a thewas Sears is at present honey in Mr. in Salt Lake City except in barrels water and that

studio has a where where he on and workpitcher. Fry a few spuds to satisfy terrible stove. I'd afraid to risk be his of done. cartoon animated was One else?Jim, but what it. chances—take to You oughtn't illustrahis pieces recent elaborate of most

She dashed to the hen house. tion was that done in connection with the "We'll tend to him,"the man

Luckily there were always eggs. book, "Thunder Cave."answered shortly, his face settling

She'd make an omelet if she could (Continued on Page 349).;

1 1..i tF >:rnr.H. c-.

'it ft th.tt ''"'ftWoftft)!'-. the *n\ 5 r -'i plw 'i{'f'n -i-'hi. '1\ I.- U'b ':!1 'ihiiii -< r..t Mi.-uM come down mn Nt'A,,1'tli.-

*. r.-..: -. ft. < i;. r... n itjsI ti itJ< ha)l 'f-r.!. tl....;!'--.uu-i.ttn t'.i.- ii heboid, -U ),,-ui>.'t! "1

i.'In- - r tiiii.;.rti wiiicii thou idueet.k.iMi,.-t '("i-<ini-<rr.i)i.t. spaktr uvi'l he rhri fh. Ktinr.-t - * '.! l;!. V\ i f.-iiii! l.'i J,,-. - ''"'- a,:M tt34 U'- ''- >tod.!.:!-:i in bnd; upon j, '

li-i-!. \.\-A ll -1 'N,v. Ml

., tbtiroat t.it.f-Litfl,,.tci, Jt'ttsakm and

l!-- illU'VV(::;l!U-*S, that of -troutl, d. it oiti; be should after *'-h'"-h! '"hci-< *'> siorevx< h Lurtl; tuito tlw citj? }ioh a anAiii no Ikhunt. )'.: i't

: I.i --i -..-.. r..- tin ut>! >.. f.-r it.1 had uideut. J, Ni!>c nut iuUi it Uerefort

ttuili Btsaiii, it awl be af. Uui old. -f slwiW L.. m.< i,,., t ih.-i l.'o.! r'-.-.i- until lite it be hjnh JwulJ of and the U.rd titj

bto.m.-all* - <, ti m*-J thfjb&W *'m Jerustdew a that:,..,..,--) New l..,,!; and,;,,

* i> i > J li ii ii. of t rentnaot the tiiiunto land, (ii'on,i ImiU u be

------ Jf -. -*-—- unto.-.. Hot.tmatcicil: -JRtSSh, i,,. t...,.-,,rr, & been there has

f..iinuiu-,! th\..'-..:, \*lttef<m!(.>{.- -I -. i, t.i..n

.;....!..-:-<* <-:.:... seen hast ibou V

..,,..'h v-,'| ]. i-.,-!,.v- r..;i-;. even unto th: sit

Us; >tv..(..! hw.-ju {, iilu, th- m a-n.oie

(*-.nihiil Hie- A.-..S <! w i I l-M nI:; i- Um-

*'!,! '!,rs,,[ t!i * ''l '"'***J.. m>, iHtUi t*K U

tie bi judgment is 'fore;!l mi! until;..;>. >hwe I--,

.:f- i; that, v.uu 'ImIiUm'o. v-Vu-i thr.-. a

slial ye bSHrtl -,.-. Uu-u Paiid.. si..tt..-<i'\\i(!i.ir, 1 not '*vour t".ib..l ft ii Ifith.ttt,'.. at 1-...1 I h.... U.if

'tnltt.tm; Itiii,,-,,;,,.,,,.,. u langnie,!!<: tuinc in '..< owni'ij u;tn>r i-.,-.,. us man

I! written, l.av a.! and t(>tis>; theseit 1H-,mxnrinst

I Jl -V > '. * 1 1- - Vv> illl.vu'M

! "'t: r* -!;*,'''r- '>'i ",.'in. 4.(Mtw.>

ul-.Ml i'i.iM.

!'s i. vcurvf< <.iHl.cHJ,i- * 8'nM,mar.it.-Iby,aatin aW'il> 1).. t v]., U'

Pff

CMAT'-TEU VI.

cn- - record finish to my ttri!ii, urowcd iAV:,,... And..M i,.

:'"f <1>I- 1 5;'* H. *>>l -mhi'tb,>'"!"--'!f. ti

>. '5 p- till t> wjr.k! the; t*..- I!,.-. H, \u;4-

>e- t. tr V'.'.t fr.m ati <thim;-,.i.l t J'-.-ri.e Si..w tiuU l.fbrntt-.U-a hail ui. r*; the al'ter aiwl that Kinup'-roiaii

t-h..iti- i'm it. a tuvtwa this of httnU face ffjloffshf'

iiorc; tt.r.l thr ka<l"i If 8 luniK.aeUosesa other i-b.*,'

.serve fti%; nseii all shM '.vo'.tW iia?e that lA)f! ibvlthe

;?** *t A.

W67/UW/'f >&3

/ <.:m.. a -.ii* //i<,t

-'/'r //, QN June 27, 1844, Patriarch Hyrum Smith, the man who turned down the corner of this page pictured here and who -'?;! owned the book, together

President brother, with his,ri tw.,.,:..,,-'r- >""/

slain in Smith, was Joseph Carthage Jail. The signatures shown in the little

book ought to be of interest to hundreds of people.

left their those of who of means byr/ <!, ":'''T.\.. Ninetestimony id uMi—A, **y;/ )/J*.ltyr'->*..f''c'are their signatures now

dead.

Perils and Pleasures a:

Summer is mountain climbing time. This story of the

conquest of the mighty Matterhorn, 15,000 feet high, shortens the breath a bit as it reveals what mountain climbers will do in order to succeed. The story is a proper successor to that

told by Oswald Christensen in "The Improvement Era"last year, of the conquest of the Grand Teton, Americans Matterhorn.

call, fabulous and demons, wicked man spirits, sure to pounce monsters that were of freespeak THEresponds.mountainsThey

dom, of adventure, of perils upon all who were foolhardy conquered, of a goal that is won. enough to venture within their

The heavenpointing peaks are beawind-swept realm. As a result,

cons that lead upward. The Swiss our early ancestors clung close to

boy tending to his herd in the mother earth. No Alpine heights

peaceful valley lifts his eyes to the for them.

peaks that hem his daily haunts and In this twentiethcentury world secretly plans for the day when he of ours, perhaps a million men and will follow the mountain paths women are drawn from their with steady stride until the tophomes every year by the lure of the most summit is gained and victory mountains and spend many days is achieved. with the sole purpose of climbing

Through the Dark Ages men up and up and up. Excelsior!

looked on the lofty peaks with awe That is their watchword. They

and superstitious dread. They are upwardlooking.

THE GENDARME peopled the heights with strange Of the great Alpine peaks, the

One of the tricks of rock climbing is to throw the rope over some projection above and scale the mountain by going up the face of the rock hand over hand.

ZERMATT AND THE MATTERHORN

In the dim ages of the past, mighty forces hewed the giant mountains.

Today they are little changed by the hand of man.

By

F.

MOUNTAIN PAUL

THE MATTERHORN—15,000 FEET—A TUSKLIKE

PROJECTION INTO THE SKY CLIMBING this expedition slept the first night in the highest cowshed on the mountain side. Early morning

saw them well under way. A

yawning crevasse called for a wide detour, yet on the whole they made good progress during the day and finally pitched their tent for the night on the mountain side.

A bitterly cold night followed.

About midnight they were thunderstruck by a terrifying explosion that was followed by a deathlike silence. "Nous sommes perdus!"

(we are lost) shouted the guide as he wrung his hands in mortal terror. The giant avalanche went

shooting down the mountain side only a few rods away. Now that

this peril had been averted as if by a miracle, all gave a devout prayer of thanks. At daybreak theylast succeeded to be conquered wellorganized party the Matwas A on upward. feet. pressed fiftyterhorn. years in reaching a height of 12,662 More than

idea of theafter Mont Blanc had been scaled, The next year a party of EnglishWe may gain an this precipitous peak still baffled men tried the ascent without the steepness of the mountain side and every attempt directed at it. From help of mountain guides. They the depth of the abysses from the

every point of approach the bold chose to attack the famous eastern fact that when a bottle was thrown profile of the Matterhorn is wonslope, the least promising of all beoverside, the crash far below was derfully impressed on the mind. It cause of the smooth cliffs. They not heard for more than ten secrises to a sheer height of 15,000 tried to reach the summit in a single onds. Whymper was one of the

feet. Massive glaciers guard its day without spending a night in first to describe the mountain echoes

base. From them it shoots up into the open. All went well until the of these great heights. "We

the heavens almost like an arrow. ascending angle became too steep shouted,"he writes, "to awaken

Some of its precipices are almost for them. They struck a zigzag the echoes of the cliffs. Ah, there

perpendicular; others actually overcourse up the face of the mountain was no answer. No, not yet.

hang. These rocky walls have and succeeded in reaching an altiWait a while. Everything here is

baffled many a climber who has tude of 13,000 feet. But here upon a superlative scale. Count

conquered less difficult peaks. Exthick clouds baffled them, high twelve, and then the echoes will

perienced mountaineers make a winds threatened to hurl them from return from the mountains miles study of the exact angles of the the rocky ledges, and night was away in waves of pure and undedifferent faces of a mountain and creeping on. They had to forsake filed sound, soft, musical and

debate thoroughly the best meththeir bold venture and hurry for sweet."

ods of approach. They do not exshelter below. WHYMPER reached the highest

pect to lay a permanent track like It was in the summer of 1861 point that had yet been at- a railway engineer, but they do that Edward Whymper made ready tained, and then made a supreme want to plan one that will be safe. for the attempt. He had shown effort to climb a "chimney"of the

himself a daring climber on other Matterhorn. This is a slippery

first attempt to climb peaks."THE the dangerous to come was Now treacherously smooth. slab of stone,

test. in 1858. of the supreme 'Matterhorn members was made {Continued The on Page 378)

.

MOTHER'S HANDS By Rlqie Herbert

Winner of First Prize in a Short Short Story

Conducted Among College Students

this to anyone but you. But I grown older. Now she was washreally hope mother doesn't come ing those tiny clothes and ironing

for Girls'Day tomorrow."them. Her happy face was a little

"Why, Mary Allen, you can't weary, and the soft white hands mean what you're saying."were red from the strong suds, and

"I know it sounds mean and one finger was blistered a little ungrateful, but I mean it. I just from the hot iron. Steadily the

can't take Mother to the banquet scenes came and faded away while )FT shadows of even if she comes. You see, she Mary watched wonderingly. Each

evening were creeping across the dresses well enough, but it's her time mother's face was a little more campus as the girls arranged the last hands. She really never takes care weary. Each time her hands were

festive decorations for the Girls'of her hands. We are all so careful a little more rough. There she

Day banquet. Mary Allen came about such things, and look at was, now cooking the breakfast,

down from the stepladder and surJoan's mother. Her hands are as now mending that tear in a skirt,

veyed the scene critically. "Well, snowy and soft as a child's. The now her firm hand was helping

girls, it does us credit. In other thought of mother at that banquet someone up from a fall, now they

words, I think our visiting mothers makes me shudder. I'm sure the patted a head for some trifle which

will be delighted."girls would notice it."had been done for her.

"Not so bad, I'd say, retorted "Well, you're different from me. Then the room seemed flooded

Carol, "for our first time on the I'm so lonesome I'd give anything with moonlight, and on a bed lay committee."to have my mother come. But the a girl tossing with fever. Mary

"I do hope Mother can come. depression has us licked, so it's no looked closer. It was herself.

I'm always so proud of her,"said use wishing."Elsie drew the covers Tenderly Mother's hands were caJoan as she slipped her arms into around her as she spoke and, with ressing her hot face. With untiring

her coat. a wide yawn and a sleepy "Good skill, they moved to answer her

"Your mother's wonderful,"night,"she turned off the light. slightest wish. Mary stared dumbcommented Mary. "She seems ly at those fingers creased and carelined, blunt rough and worn, and as are."nearly young as you into lay staring M.ARY nails, finger large swolbroken and takes always such "Oh, Mother conscience the darkness. seemHer feel len could she knuckles. But care herself; does of she seemgood like ed It a little. to smite her was if as of prank some them by now doesn't she?"young, being to unfaithful Mother, her caressing they were the memory

late. I'll it's out miss "Whew, Elsie. It she thing said to had was cooling, soothing, loving brow,

girls. supper. See it.on Goodnight, true every though, of word You tender laden with hands sympathy.

you tomorrow,"and she was gone. would think Mother could take Slowly Mother dropped to her

Mary Allen walked slowly out better care of her hands in these knees by the white bed; then

of the empty building. Why modern times. She hunched restMother's hands folded in prayer.

lessly covers. into the She was Girls'gladwasn't she about Day? the word was one "Mother—."tired. been day, a busy It hadSurely she be glad if her should and long drawnout sob.mother came. She would wear that tomorrow—"Mary, Mary. What is it?

black and white dress, probably. Then suddenly she was staring Are you all right?"Elsie was

Well, that wasn't so bad. If wideeyed into the darkness. Someshaking her shoulders. You frightMother would only take a little one was sitting close by her bed. ened me."

better care of herself like Joan's Why, it was mother. She was Mary opened her eyes into the

mother. Mary's face burned. sewing busily on snowy white gardarkened room.

Mother wouldn't make much of ments. Mary looked more closely. "Yes,"she murmured, "Yes, I'm

a showing by the side of Joan's They were her own baby clothes. all right. I guess I was only

mother. Tenderly her mother's young white dreaming."

All through supper Mary was hands smoothed each little fold She closed her eyes tightly, but silent, and she was preparing for very carefully. Her rosy tipped two large tears rolled down her

bed when Elsie said, "Anything the fingers turned each tiny seam. cheeks. Then, with trembling

matter, Mary? You're not quite Mary sat straight up in bed. lips, she framed the words: "Oh,

up to par."Then slowly the girlmother faded God, forgive my hasty words. I

yes, away and in her place stood another didn't understand. Help me to be "No, nothing, really—well,there is too. Elsie, I wouldn't say woman. No, it was mother again, worthy of my mother's hands."

-. "333

Because Walter Johnson is among the two or three greatest heroes of baseball and because he once -played baseball in our own territory—Weiser, Idaho—he was asked to

write an article especially for "The Improvement Era"telling of his biggest thrill. Read this article and you will know

that in Johnson's case y as in so many others humility accompanies greatness.

MY BIGGEST THRILL IN BASEBALL By WALTER JOHNSON Known everywhere as "Big Train,"former pitcher for the Washington,

D. C., Senators, now manager of the Cleveland Indians.

have had in a baseball way has been Valuable player to my team in the due to that Godgiven gift, rather American League and again in than to any particular amount of 1 927 when, as part of a celebration ability. of my 20th

My baseball life has been an alanniversary most perfect one. Three times, I with the

thought I was enjoying my biggest Washington thrill when Washington fans had Club, the days in my honor, gave me presents League preand made me think

I was the greatest fellow in the world. In 1920,

I was fortunate JOHNSONWALTER WHICH HE WORE DURINGIN THE WASHINGTONHIS ENTIRE 20YEARLIVERY enough to pitch a

TERM AS A PLAYER IN THE MAJOR LEAGUES. nohit, no-r u n

game against the T A THEN a fellow has had a Boston Red Sox

I here, too, and, at lot of something whole y \# thrill. surely got a is it another, or time one

a little hard to figure out which he My heart came considers the best. And so it is up in my throat

with baseball thrills. I've often and I came near

been asked what I considered my crying in the 1924

I wasbiggest and, until the Fall of 1924, season when

I really did not know. voted the most

I started with the Washington TO BASEBALL, NEXTClub back in August, 1907, and JOHNSON'S GREATEST got my first thrill when called on HOBBYRAISING IS DOGS.HUNTINGHE ANDIS

WITH league HERE SHOWN K00N a relief role for majorin my

KAN, RACING A WHIPPET they on, came thendebut. From IS OF WHICH HE MIGHTY

rather frequently. In mentioning PROUD.

some, I hope I will not appear to be boasting. The fact of the matter is that I had, I believe, one of

the most wonderful arms in the world, so that any little success I 334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 sented me with the first "distinthe players say. But the world's the score tied at 3-3. I had my

guished service medal"it had ever championship and considerable cash troubles but also had some good given. were at stake and, while I wasn't luck and managed to hold the

particularly optimistic, I got a good Giants in check. We scored a run

T SEE by the record books, I am night's rest and actually prayed in the twelfth, McNeely's famous credited with a lot of high marks, that I would get this chance to bounder over Lindstrom's head such as 3,497 strikeouts, best redeem myself. driving it in, after we had had

earned run average for six different I got it in the ninth inning with two wonderful breaks of luck.

years, led the league in most games First Catcher Gowdy had fallen won six times, had a string of 16 over his mask, which caused him consecutive victories, pitched 56 Who is Walter Johnson to miss an easy popfoul off Muddy scoreless innings in a row, won 28 Ruel's bat and gave Ruel a chance games, or more in three successive and Why? to double and a minute or so later

seasons, hold the shutout game WALTER JOHNSON was born Jackson, Giant shortstop, fumbledrecord, and led the league in strikeat Humboldt, Kansas, Noo. my grounder.

baseball Started in as 6, 1887.outs for 1 2 years. trotted Ruel with home When foe Fullerton School High Naturally the run that gave us the game and first his California. pro in making these recpitcherteam, Got

ords, I had my share of thrills but, contract with Tacoma of NorthWashington its only world series as I said before, the "daddy of 'em western League in 1906 at 18. Suband gave me credit for the victory

the Weiser, joined sequently Idaho, seventh theall"came the thrill I will was which in 1924—-in pitch-—that considerable did semipros, and the deciding world game of easilyand always as remember my section of the country ing in that

series against the New York Giants for town and sectional teams at so greatest in more than 20 years of of the National League. much per game. baseball play.

I had quite a thrill during the Joe Cantillon was managing the season in winning 20 games to help Washingtonin the vicinityClubof Weiserand somecontinuallyfriend - -*xsthe Washington Club win its first wrote urging that he sign Johnson.

after Cliff inCatcher Blankenship was pennant LeagueAmerican South The finat jured Cantillon the time Window and the years of trying.years and And

1 ally his friend decided to "shut up"a into getting finally ofthought take look a Blankenship by having of Youth world series after having been on at this great phenom, having little a losing team for 1 7 years also gave confidence that Blankenship would From "Life's Four Windows"signing him. recommend a kick. quiteme W. PURVIS By SAMUEL himself, evidently did Johnson, it the seventh in game But was

for, before rate himself highly so not is the period of vision. calls cartoonist thethat I got what for VOUTH agreeing to to Washington come

is to landscape than TheVe more in a thrill once that comes be insisted given tryout, not he a he"The lifetime."Just picture the setting only a railroad ticket to Washington be seen from that south window.

also Weiser. expenses to back but will Will is the boy's wind's and "A myself. I foundin suddenly which

first his pitched major Johnson are the long, of thoughts youth long firstI and the pitched game had 2, here league 1907 Aug. game on thoughts."

it, thrilling 9 after 1 4-3, 11lost beaten of age by and was—at Genesis sixty contains of book The 3-2. Tigers, the Detroit he I But tied, the teamsinnings. With

covers chapters years of and 2,300 stuff, plenty confining of showed fifth in the chancegot another history, yet onehalf and of human the Crawford, Cobb, Rossman and game and was beaten again, allowother Tiger sluggers to six hits in is devoted to telling about the callingit ing the Giants five runs in the last eight rounds. and lifeadventures of young Abrafew innings. Johnson seemed to have nothing ham, and a third of the remainder to

ball fast inbut Cantillon a and third his Joseph, that youth Zachary who rose from the won Tom to that formed he have had him more prison to the throne. pen series to put the of the Washgame to in that the leagues than big get by

ington Club even at three games and had Johnson experimenting The story of creation is told in apiece and you can imagine how I with the "spitball"for a while. But 800 words, and a great deal more is

started games, Johnson winning to Israel leader the given Moses, of and the offelt with charged being two ball batters the the past throwing the to Caleb, to young man whom looking even gooddefeats not and off their before get they bats could fell the task the of of conquest Canaan.

fifthin the game. their shoulders this and, because of story the of Daniel, youth, and The great speed, he the dubbed "Big was I looked I have guess must three his fellow companions Hebrew Train."the sitting dejected onmighty tales the the of is one hero of sacred of Johnson's end The mound afterlocker the in room andbench It accident that was no Word. career hastened a was blow by on

wards, for that night I was sitting the left leg, which fractured the brought the boy David from the sheephome feeling mighty blue when member, while at the Spring training fold to the kingship of Israel. These

Fla., at in 1927, Tampa, fine been characterbuilding a had days called Harris on camp meManager Bucky

drive the Judge's bat Joe doing from hills the Bethlehem. about amongthe phone. his damage. given unconwas He

I regal the greatness Oh, youth. of ditional expensive an said, "I've he worry,"release—quitev "Don't feel to in the always presence of bow present Griffith, President Clark bystill in confidence and got you

a wholesome boy."of the that Washington he Club—so in tomorrow's need youmight could the Internamanage Newark

game. Go to bed early and be tionals in 1928 and he returned to HlCgJS**-

ready because, if I need you, I will the Capital City in 1929 to pilot serving the Nats, seasons. four Lastneed you badly."

June, the PHE destiny of any nation at any to he was siqned manage given time depends on the opinThis cheered me up considerably Cleveland Indians.—Frank H.

but I still felt that I had had my Young, "Washington Post Sports."ions of its young men under fiveopportunity and "booted"it, as and twenty."Goethe.

"GEE, IT'S CATCHING UP,"HE EXCLAIMED "I'LL GO AND DO WHAT I CAN."

Illustrated by Cornelius Vanderende Ficrhts aMAX Boys, even Scouts, are sometimes thoughtlessly cruel. Max, however,jacket—andcarried a bravethatheartys important.underneath his BATT

By HEN Max Alswiftly out of town, desperatelybright finishedwmowing the lawn ALFRED FIELDING combating the thoughts which of one of the big residences in would try to come to his mind.

town he received his pay, went to mother he turned his wheel quickly Hot flushes came to his cheeks, and the grocery store, and purchased a to the sidewalk and dismounted. when he reached the top of the hill

week's supply. With these tucked Most of the boys were running and came within sight of his own

away in the wooden rack in front down the street by the time he had home in the distance, tears of rage of the handle bars of his bicycle he dismounted. The three that recame to his eyes.

mounted and rode on towards the mained were those who had shown For two years he had lived under open country, whistling lightly. friendly glances, and one said, that stigma. His father had lost

His home lay a good three miles "That was George Farthing, his life in a great explosion at the out, half way between town and Max."Dulaney mills. He had not been

the great Dulaney powder mills. "I know, and it's not the first blown to pieces; his head had been

As he neared the outskirts of the time,"Max replied. "I don't want crushed by tripping against a rock

town a group of boys hailed him. to be rough, but if I'm driven to half way between the mixing mill

They had been former schoolmates. it—."and its adjoining building. Col.

Some were friendly faces; a few He hesitated, looking in the diDulaney had acknowledged the

jeered at him. One in particular rection of the retreating boys. In mix to have gotten beyond control

gave him an impudent grimace, the silence one of the three said in and to have heated rapidly to the and shouted, "Coward's son."an undertone, "It's a pity."danger point, but declared Max's

A flash of anger came to Max. Without another word Max father to have run before the warnIn spite of the admonition of his mounted his wheel and pedalled ing was given. He had said it was

336 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

a violation the bravery of his eyes a light, held determined and ALBRIGHT Mrs. all stick until said,powder he to "Mother, I'm going run mixers—toof boy's shoulon her the of savinghope passed. had into I'll laid her hands for mix a little while. town

And he had branded him a coward, be back soon."ders. "Max, God will take care

and denied his widow the usual In a few minutes he was out of of that,"she said softly. "Let's

pension. the kitchen door and walking his just do our part."

wheel around the side of the house. Max hung his head a moment,

VLLAX knew that his "I am going to see George Farthen brightened suddenly. He

father could not be a coward. Later thing,"he muttered determinedly. looked again towards the Dulaney

he learned that his father had run "I hate to do it, but he and I are barn. "Gee, it's catching up,"he

to warn men in the next mill; the going to have it out. I just can't exclaimed.t "I'll go, and do whatposition of his body when they stand it any longer."Itcan.

found him had verified it. That, As he was nearing the front gate Max acknowledged his mother's

too, was a part of the unwritten he heard his mother call. She was warning to be careful with a wave

laws of the powder mixers. Max of his hand as he vaulted the fence

went to Colonel Dulaney in person, of their little yard. In the distance

stoutly defending his father's good Alfred Fielding he heard shouts here and there as in in post starting toMaryland, an army other neighbors were "DCRiV irasname. Colonel Dulaney, But

*-'at in schools educated Washington, estate. the wards Dulaney Takingcible obstinate, had refused and

at Alfred University, Columbia and D. C, fields, across a cut the short wide listen.to finally Fielding became

Max was but fifteen years old at a writer for the he ran and stumbled over corn rows the time. He had been compelled metropolitan papers of and harrows, through clover grass,

to give up school and to work at New York City. He and over little brooks.

sailor, been has a a excitement His ran high, and in find. the could jobs he odd Most Arizona, miner a spite of his teachings mother's especially people, the theof and soldier, other in and there a little glee in creeping wasboys, things, gives aloof kept from about round which him

him, and some of them even jeered. a background for ficwith that excitement as he saw the

But some of them seemed friendly tion. "The outcome flames mounting higher and higher.

the WorldWar great in that been stone had He——to writes, Max it seemed more out of service,"of he that barn, once fairly and he knewpity. in "aroused an me

It was this attitude and the reever-present but dormant inclination to started, nothing could stop a fire it. fiction. in as help saying not of the outcome He could The three of thosemarks boys had produce who

is desire earnest to adhere whole an to he ran—"Serves old Colonel Dufaceremained to him, than more the literature."higher standards of it laney the to burns hope insult,the fired rage. which Max's right—I

Trying his best to master and hide ground."

it before he entered his home, he running around the house and toMax came finally within the hesitated at the front gate. He wards him. great barnyard, panting and blowscowled when he looked across the "Max,"she exclaimed, "I do being hard from his long run. Some

fields to see far in the distance the lieve Colonel Dulaney's big barn men were running to and fro, and great stone mansion of Colonel is afire. Look at it."a few of the neighbors from far

Dulaney. A group of big stone Max turned in the direction of and near were coming from all

barns and outbuildings lay off to the Dulaney estate. In the gatherdirections. Already the fire had

its left. Just over the brow of the ing dusk he could see a volume of broken through the roof of one end

hill beyond them lay the immense black smoke rising from one end of the building and was beginning powder mills where his father had of the big stone building, and as to creep along its length.

met his death. he watched, a faint streak of red Near the center of the building

Max's gaze wandered from the came shooting up with it. Max saw Colonel Dulaney with

mansion to his own lowly cottage, "That's a fire, mother, sure several other men pushing open the which was home for his mother 'nough,"he exclaimed excitedly. big sliding doors to the stables.

and himself. Those great buildHe ran his wheel to the side of Horses were neighing and screechings represented wealth; his own the house, turned about hurriedly, ing inside. Without a moment's

cottage near poverty, sometimes then hesitated. hesitation Max was among them.

even direst need. That compar- "No, I'm not going,"he said Inside the smoke was beginning to

ison, the recent insult, aroused a with a heavy scowl. "Let it burn thicken, and Max coughed andburning resentment, and he made—-and I hope it burns clear up."sputtered. But, with others, he

up his mind that he would not "Max,"exclaimed his mother made for the stalls, unfastened a longer live under the stigma. mildly. horse and led him out to safety.

The sun had gone beyond the "Well, I don't care, Mother,"Then he ran back again and rewestern hills by the time Max had returned Max, avoiding the look peated his efforts. By the time

made ready for supper. When he of reproach in her eyes. Then fire they had taken all the livestock out

went in at his mother's call, he had seemed to flash from his own eyes, the fire was coming closer, eating carefully hidden all traces of his and he added, "Why, this afterforward with a great roar.

feelings. noon—."When Max brought the last

For awhile they chatted pleasHe checked his words suddenly. horse out he heard one of the men

antly over the meal, but before they Perhaps it would distress his say, "Wind's gettin'stronger."

finished it Max appeared to be restmother. Then he said quietly, "It's takin'the sparks away

less and his thoughts elsewhere. "Colonel Dulaney has done father from the house, anyhow,"said

When he rose from the table his a great injustice."another.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 337

Max looked up to see a perfect "Men, we can save Number men had gone on to the ground cloud of sparks soaring away over Ten,"he shouted in his heavy along the sides of the building. No

the brow of the hill towards the voice. "If it goes up it will take time to lose, for those embers sputvalley. He thought nothing about the others and the mills with it."tered and sizzled as soon as they

it at the time, and when he saw Only hesitation from the men struck. The water pressure was

men at the far end of the building greeted his words. weak at best, and often they had

entering and bringing out farming "I don't ask you to go where 1 to rush from one side to the other utensils, he ran towards them to would not go,"the colonel shouted to reach a new and threatening help. again. "If the yard goes up it blaze. And as the fire at the barn

He worked with a will. He means jobless men."He reached reached its climax, the sparks came

thought he saw George Farthing down and picked up a hose. "Who thicker, the embers heavier.

among the crowd. Excitement will volunteer to come with me?"While they were thus working

made him forget his resentment. Save for the crackling and roar there came a shout from the men

there flames, the of even against brushed he wasSometimes the silence. below. "Here—here—on Farthing George himself. Afterthe colonel awhile saw Then Max northeast corner. out Look

the smoke became so thick inside among the group, and sprang forshe's going."

hose. graspedthe the great they that building to ward and had "Come small to look. turned Max A yelled, brief dashes their on,"he be cowards."the "don't breath inhold

roof. spurt flame of the came from

the articles.after responded of and men Some

it size couldn't that by its knew He lines the across to drag began hose eaten those yet masthrough have hill. the to of the open They brow playmen sive timbers, the the but on men O'UTSIDE rocks. loose the scrambled down supplied building, theed water on their retreated, leaving ground had

side against built the Ten, Number electric small hosethrough and hose. Dulaney, with Colonel Even

hill, the already of spotted was wells, colonel's but the frompumps face, hesitating. blanching was

little there here blazing with and as to so be streamsthe were weak the grasped nozzle from Max circles roof, the while other on fire steadily gainedineffective. The colonel's the struggled hand. He all thickly embers dropping were and whileheadway. Then, Max across the line the roof of with it. around roll toa trying others were few hose, for the reach not water would heard rotary they plow, a bigout

flame. a the shout with Then closely cries outside, of theshouts from Following beside Colonel him. Dulaney was heels the of Colonel Dulaney, on the machine droppedalarm. They

and ran out. Max half slid down the steep hill Directly over the blaze Max saw

hole, hissed, the flew sparks steam the the magazine, roof of onto and explosion,"for out an "Look it. as the struck water jammed He after a hose soon him. As into dragging as a great they cry camecame

close the to nozzle the opening, as reached the roof they and Max magazinethe open. Ten "Number his eyes, closed on. and hung rapidly Colonel Dulaney worked sparks."is covered with

the sparks and embers quench boys in to group and of men The which on it. had fallen Thethe towards backing barnyard was other 1 AR into the night,

the house, away from the brow of when the fire at the barn finally the hill. Max looked up to see burned itself out and no more

the huge barn almost wholly sparks came, Max dropped the hose ablaze, sending thousands of bright and, without a word, crept up the sparks and pieces of burning wood hill and off towards his home.

high in the air.

in his The wind was increasing, carryMax was cutting wood ing those sparks and burning emback yard early the next morning bers directly over the brow of the when his mother came to him, and breathlessly, almost "Max,hill. lay said, magazine Number Ten

front. is out in Colonel Dulaney valley, in thejust below and Max

knew that tons of giant blasting He says he must see you at once."

powder was stored in it. Max frowned, and dropped his

Max knew also that the roofs axe.lowed hisColonelmother,Dulaneyand stoodhadbeforefolof those magazines were of heavy Max before he could reply.

timbers because they could not use said earnestly, he "Max,""whatsteel construction. in their And I do to reward you?"to can that if a spark werehe knew

gain headway, it would mean one Max drew himself up. "Just

vast burst of flame, a thunderous one thing, Colonel Dulaney,"detonation which would shake the he replied almost fiercely. "Clear

country far and wide, and bring a my father's name."

succession of other explosions down Colonel Dulaney looked at him the yard. Sometimes concussion a moment in silence and with steady

alone did it. gaze. Presently he grasped Max's

Max beard Colonel Dulaney hand.

said warmly,shouting, and turned to see him Photo by J. R. T. "My boy,"he

gesticulating wildly to the men that TARGET PRACTICE""you're not the son of a coward.

had backed awav from the hill. Come to my office this afternoon."

The OTHER i MILLI

it from falling she clutched at theTXhinking over, Millie deciddoorpost with her free hand; and

ed that Madame grasped instead, the whitefcx-furLevereaux had red sleeve of Star Hathaway's turmerely put into quoiseblue evening wrap, and words an idea of 'pulled herself up unsteadily, to find which Millie herStar's indignant face looking into self had long been hers.

vaguely conscious. "Well!"said Star, frostily.

It was satisfying to "Oh, Star! I beg your pardon!"

be able to repeat it: Millie gasped, aware in the fraction

"* * * Constantly of a second of how deepblue Star's beside each one of us is eyes looked above the gemblue of this phantom companion, her wrap and gown, how beautiour other self—the fully, precisely waved was her shinWoman - We - Might - Be. ing silverblonde hair. Aware, too,

Cultivate her acquaintof the contrast afforded by her own ance; study her, imitate worn brown coat and simple beret.

like her. her, become You a moment, paused only Mamie * * * and youcan shoulher over say laughingly owe to

it to yourself to do so."der:

It pleased Millie to remember "All my fault, Star. 'Scuse,

follow words. fortythose To hurried on down please!"—And of avenues fascinating alongthem relaxing her hold the steps, without

of the in search Womanthought Millie's arm. - on

Millie But the moment was longSheMight-Be—The Other

Morton. She was not to find enough for Millie to see that Stan

them always pleasurable, these West had come up the steps to meet mental explorations. Right from Star. His expression showed that

the start, they caused Millie a lot he had been an amused, though of unhappiness. They began it somewhat concerned, witness.

right there outside the door of the "You're late, Stan,"Star greetAuditorium, within a few minutes ed him. "And because of that

after Madame had concluded her I've narrowly escaped annihila- "Personality"lecture. tion!"

Of course, the Other Millie was Millie's cheeks burned. Bad

not directly to blame for Millie's enough to have bumped so awkdoorstep collision with Star Hath- - wardly into Star; but that Stan

away. Mamie Clark, with whom J| should have seen it all—that made

Millie had come to the lecture, was the trivial accident an excruciatthe one at fault. But it was because ingly painful experience to Millie.

Millie was so deeply absorbed in It would, she thought bitterly, cityfull ofthought, already lost in dreams of have to be—out of a

Stanher "phantom companion,"that people!—Star Hathaway and

she was taken unaware when West.

Mamie darted ahead through an "Isn't Star positive-ly the most exit door momentarily clear to exquisite thing you ever saw?"

overtake someone to whom she Mamie said presently, all innocent wanted to speak; pulling Millie of adding to Millie's humiliation.

along with her, for they two had "Certainly is,"Millie answered been walking arm in arm to keep gallantly. That was, she told hertogether in the crowd. "THEN WHAT IN THE WORLD—?"HE HELD HER self, nothing but the truth. Star

The sudden jerk caused Millie to SHOULDERSAWAY FROM SOHIM,THATHISSHEHANDSHAD TOHOLDINGFACE HIM,HER was exquisite. Why, even her namelose her balance, and to save herself WHILE HIS EYES SEARCHED HERS. seemed to set her apart—to em-

"wanted"to know! Millie flounBy MARY HALE WOOLSEY dered for a moment, in embarrassment."Why—about—oh, about

Madame's talk. My 'phantom

self,'you know,"she finished with inspiration. sudden"Well,-—"Mamie gave her a goodnatured push—"that's what

I asked you about. What is your

'other self like, Mil?"

"I don't know, exactly. I'mMORTON trying to decide."phasize her beauty and the sparkle "Say, Mil,—what's eating you? "Well, I know mine all right—

that seemed always hers. And with I've asked you a question three posifate-ly I do. She's tall and

Stan West beside her, the picture times and I bet you've not even statuesquely slim, with jetblack was perfect! heard it!"hair and dreamy dark eyes, and 'They make a swell couple, "I'm sorry, Mamie—I was just languorous grace in every motion. don't they?"Mamie went on, con-—just thinking hard."And here I am, short and plump

tinuing her unconscious cruelty. "What about? I want to and redheaded, and about as graceful as Grandpop's old fat cow. A right—she's"I guess Starneverwill yetmarryfailedStan,to getall know!"You couldn't avoid answering chance like I'd I've got to be what

she wanted! what fret. Rad Oh, well, it's Mamie's questions—not when she to be. But I should match. an ideal likes me the way

She'll be a perfect I am, and that wife for him; makes it okay

preside over that with me.""Rad"

fine old house of was Mamie's boy the West's as nofriend.

body else could. "ph, Mamie!"She's simply born Wild Flowers Millie laughed in

and bred for it."spite of herself.

Slipper Lady 'That's not what true HOW meant. slipper Madame lady Dainty was, too, that She things meant blue, about with Edged thought, Millie

like development Fairy's be a It must she whileeven of our natural Little shoe. magic smile towanted gifts, and making

at Mamie's bookthe most of the ish phrases. She Crocus J- appearance do we

itwondered what have bringing—Orange of cups honey, like to bewould the out best that it, Taste please? won't you one's everyhave

is us, in you Butterflies partake, of possiblewish fulfilment; to >o do busy bees. know."

have one's time "That might for do you. I'mfree to spend at Buttercup too scatterbrain-will, unlimand

ited means for Waxen yellow platters ed,"Mamie relessons in music Come and peer at these, torted happily.

and dramatic art Holding pats of butter "I'll just go on and dancing and For the bumble bees. forever, just as I

what not; for am. But you,

now, clothes,beautiful couldMil,—youmakeand club memStar Flower really

someone swell ofberships taken Tiny fallen snowflake yourself."granted.for a stem. She Caught upon

really you herself "Doscolded it melt Wonder—will if—think so?"Millieseverely. I / touch one of them

"I'm being ensaid it laughing- v i o u s,"she DONA WAYLAND. ly, so that Mamie

very much—Ithought.won't!""And howwould not know

She realized in earnest she felt.

that Mamie was "PositiveAy speaking again, you could - I an agand in it know grieved tone m. rKs; just looksyour

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

your hair's that pretty brown color lege and fate seemed to have ordent of the Silver Racquet Club, that takes on gorgeous red tints if dered their lives apart. and Jack's membership in it was

Millie's pride.you put a little henna on it. And Then—the "phantom"turned

if they that a sort possessive asked him. of color way, as deep brownI'veeyes,—thatalways been crazy about your to lay her hand on Stan's arm, in "How much do you need?"she "* it other. excited to each * * Stan wants him to—belonged you're Andturns golden-y when

or specially happy. And your became plain that she had bright said Millie's heart.

skin's real nice, but you're awfully blonde hair, deeply waved, and "The one I want is twelvecareless about makeup."blue, blue eyes that shamed a turfifty,"Jack hesitated. "I've got

"I hate a lot of makeup,"Millie quoise frock. Millie, hurrying on four dollars, and Pop said he could

said, and caught her breath, fearing in the darkness, laughed at herself let me have four. That leaves

fourfifty. I could pay you backshe might have hurt Mamie's feel-—through tears.

for soon after school's out, Mil."ings. Mamie's round, dolllike face "Oh, Mil—that's the dress

that, Budabout worry "Don't unmistakably was Mamie of her you!"thoughtwas usually—Millie racquet, do and your like thrilled. "It's Go get it had been die. travelJack's remark—"abrother

Silver!"ing cosmeticscounter."made to your measure and just for your darndest for S—for

the ancients must Thus, perhaps, features. shade of green That But Mamie had not noticed. your dreams laid dear have ravoccasionally positive-ly your skin makes

the take like it if you'd "You'd sacrificial offerings upon with of an alpng me think ishing—makes it takes right; it just to usetime their gods. of the altars your hair Ophelia rose. And

more than just dabbing it on, you it's a grand color! Hon, you've

know. Well, and then there's got to have it!"I OU do look sweet inclothes; you really should get betMillie fingered the priceticket that rosecolor, Mil. But—

ter things than you do."dubiously. "It's five dollars more Mamie left the rest of her comment

unsaid. eloquently there,"right, you're suppose "I pay. possibly I figured than

."said dress,"a sweet that's "Gee, to get said. "IMillie do mean rosecolored a The I couldone—and Bentley Jack, and Dad and to- I'll for dress. one looknice in it isn't rosecolored one "The

morrow at lunchhour."with this,"Mamie declared. Mother expressed themselves simiit larly. it for to think have time will be soon "And "Well—I'll * * * every- "Sweet."And Millie over,"compromised. said coat,"And Mamie. spring newmy

rosein went that Millie where the dress, that night, all for the the look you way home"Let me help and I'll see that you get one with two girls walked slowly, for Millie color, the Other Millie followed, and complexion a "ravishing"with little exfind in her notes help style.real can was making you Then."a hair, wearing "grand"-colored Careful, meaningful pensebook. a coat. Areme you—distinctive green gown. figures, while of Mamie columns If coat, I'm a Mamie. new "Not Millie become had Other The suggestions. made watched and to go to save money enoughgoing theory. at She definite bright, face Millie's and grew last—in And vacation, forto Havenin-theHills pianopractice even her kept up eyes. in her lights danced gold do."to will lastyear have coatmy wrote lessons; she read and without I'll all. it, after have "I can do it's so bad course not of "Well, just than French more spoke and the of careful to every be day to just be got we'veanyway. And younger of coaching two by way it."it will be worth but month, wouldn't fortogether their finding were brothers who vacation—I asit will,"bet Mamie "You without as fun half muchhave difficult: she lessons highschool it, regret never her. sured "You'll course, of would, (Mamieyou."best the of the "kept new with up"Mil."Millie and anywhere "fun"have never she course of books. And sitting paJack Brother was to it nice of her it, was butknew her appearance neglected her—steps. tiently the porch He on had both Millie. they Andwant deslightest the Millie, street to meet the "grooming"—in up came vacation this to forwardlooked tail. his hair noticed that was who dress stylish real a treat.) "But practice, Millie the was Other In and shining, brushed and smoothly you, Mil—-it for wonderswill do still realization. a far There from hair Jack's smiled. was she When Here's fine beginning. a will be that things so consumed were many flat he about as then, sleek was and toyou corner. Nighty—-seemy services leisure Millie's a to someone. favor of ask time,—littlemorrow smallcurling at mostly: home, 'Lo, Millie—I've sister hair, perhaps Genevieve's I was."wondering—thatbeen waiting surto ribbon bringing out a new Mi.ILLIE found it for you.something of a relief to be walking is—could you—prise her; washing the dinner

on alone. Alone, that is, except "Sure. What's on your mind?"dishes so that Mother could take

for a phantom companion who had Millie resisted a temptation to the evening out with Dad; helping

become very important, though rumple the smooth hair into its Jack and Bentley through troublestill Millie could not picture her usual tousled state. some or confusing pages of "lit"

a new tennisor medieval history; making clearly. But one thing was certain "Well—I need the Other Millie was walking with racquet—a real good one, Mil. cookies or candy to please the sixStan West. Tall, dark, goodMine's too light to meet those fast yearold twins; writing long letters

looking, he was smiling down at balls like Bill Bowen sends, and to the brother who was away, her in that way that only Stan some of the others. Besides—working his way through college, West could smile. As he had often with modest pride—"Stan West and who wrote of unbearable

smiled at Millie back in highschool wants me to go in for the tournahomesickness at times; and countdays, before he went away to colment this June."Stan was presi- (Continued on Page 380)

Flower Photographs | CONTEST FRENCH POODLE IN PRIVET HEDGE. MR.

SUTTON, PROVO, UTAH that kodak or camera first time I have had the pleasure of GETready, for summer is the seeing such an interesting object as RULES OF THE CONTEST best of all snapshot seasons a clock outlined in flowers."1. All pictures must be snapped by

even in these days of better films But along came Mrs. Emma S. amateurs. The developing and printand faster lenses. In order to enJensen, of Provo, Utah, with an ing may be done by professionals.

eligible to be photograph 2. The clock. flower article a Scotch about to do a little careful courage you 1 and June between taken be must is connection in article printed shooting, Era Her Improvement The of office the 1 be in must and October

is prepared to offer a few small with this page. The Improvement Era not later than

10. prizes. in October that thought have we Now glossy, and black 3. Prints must be

the sumparts of world this Last year we had a little luck many reverse white, bear on the and must with our contest; we received one mer there will be interesting designs side the name of the entrant, the title

unusually interesting picture from worked out in flowers. We'd like of the picture, the time of taking

and of day, time date and including a faithful in SwitzerMissionary Perhaps of them. to see snapshots

Size, or stop. 4x5 and the exposure land, Carpenter: G. Alvin in a hedge has trimmed He someone smaller.

said in part: "I am inclosing a some unique form such as the one 4. Prizes will be $5 for the best

photograph taken Sept. 5, 1933, in shown here snapped in Provo last photograph submitted; $3 for second

best. for third $1 Interlaken, Switzerland. On Sutbest; of at the a Mr. home the summer returned 5. If photographs are to be clock a beautiful picture is shown it hiding a vine will be ton; perhaps a self they by should be accompanied

design formed entirely out of an unsightly fence or rude shanty; addressed, stamped envelope.

flowers. I might state that the let- a bird bath surrounded by flowers 6. Address: Flower Photographs

ters below the clock, viz: "Kursaal beautiful or unique Contest Editor, The Improvement Era,—anything 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, InterPlace Interlaken"(Cure interested person over which some Utah.

flow-, are also laken) of composed piclike to see labored. has We'd

ers. The little steeple above the tures of such designs.

clock contains an actual clock which strikes the quarter hours, making it The all the more interesting to look at.

This garden in Interlaken is typical of flower gardens European most it is the F. ower Clock that I have seen, however

By EMMA S. JENSEN

(""NE of the most interesting streets in Europe is Princess Street in Edinburgh. The Scott

monument and the marvelous old medieval castle are perhaps the most attractive features to the thousands of tourists who annually visit the Scottish Capital, but there is another attraction, less prominent, yet a thing of such beauty, ingenuity, and mechanical skill as to be of universal interest to visitors. It

is the flower clock.

Should one desire to know the time of day while standing on the stone steps before the little slanting

FLOWER CLOCK, plat of clock ground instead of

INTERLAKEN, consulting his watch or making a

SWITZERLAND (Continued on page 349)

Let's Talk flbout

By PERSONALITY Mildred Baker Learning to live together on -pleasant terms is one of the chief occupations of civilized peoples. Mildred Bakery

WAS recently engaged in conin this brief article which will be followed by others latery versation with two charming makes a few suggestions.

I and unusually pretty girls.

girl a third discussing were They personality. Character a yourself!"of to charming And know

all not at "She's as I joined them. potentialities. Is total ourselves this question. the of ask our we Weis inspeaker the looking,"good personality at are achieved birth, so that psychology endowed we

loads such she has me, "but formed slight deteaches, of character a whatever it in but with who possess actually she that personality of it greater gree in to possess. hope That may acquire we may ever

seems beautiful at times, doesn't abundance? Or are we doomed to is, our potentialities are based on

she, Lois?"live out our existence forever a biological foundation which con-

"She certainly does,"responded eclipsed by the shadow of our more stitutes our equipment for building

Lois, "and we've decided that if fortunate sifters who have this selfhood. The mental deficient is

we had to make a choice, we'd quality? handicapped at the outset.

choose personality rather than Personality, on the other hand, beauty any day."f ET me say to you, dear reader, is the drawing out, the develop-

"And yet,"I commented, take heart and be of good cheer ment of character and that is largely closely are personality "beauty and if feel less yourself favored you are a education. matter not of We

related. I dare say have you sister, Why friend neighthan your or all all alike, have however. We

never seen a girl possessed of a bor. For that seemingly elusive certain natural inclinations, certain

charming personality who did not something which we call Personalnative tendencies. But if you

appeal to you as being pretty if not ity may indeed be cultivated. Perchance to be a violet, then be the

altogether beautiful."They sonality is but the dress that charsweetest, bluest, most fragrant

agreed with me. acter wears. Some of us dress unviolet ever and if a lily, cultivate

It's a significant fact about tha,t becomingly that's all. In the same all the attributes of that stately

quality of personal charm known way that physical beauty and flower; remembering the while,

as personality, that its natural charm may be obscured by an unthat the wise violet does not strive affinity is beauty. But just what wise choice of color, line or design to emulate the lily, nor does the lily

is "Personality?"And what, its in dress, so the depth and beauty of try to robe her regal beauty in the

relation to beauty? I'm sure we one's character may be completely demure shyness which cloaks the

have all known at least one girl or hidden by an unlovely or faulty violet so becomingly. Each in her

woman whose features, considered expression. And as we learn to own wisdom strives only to attain

separately or compositely, could not choose frocks and gowns that enthe perfection of her kind.

by any stretch of the imagination, hance and intensify our good The possibilities for individual be termed beautiful but whose very points, so we may learn to express development of personality are unpresence in a room created an atcharacter through personality in a limited. We need only set about

mosphere of cheer, gaiety, friendway that will attract others to us. to learn how to carry on the proliness and good fellowship. About The first lesson to be mastered cess. We are never too old to besuch a person, there exists a very in this matter of developing pergin, incidentally. There are cerdefinite quality of beauty, real sonality is one of extreme imtain principles which apply and

beauty that glows, that exudes, portance and it may be stated certain mechanics, shall we say, to that is undefinable but very real. simply in these few words: "Learn be mastered in the cultivation of

Such beauty is a warm, encompersonality and it shall be the aim passing beauty which because it of these articles to help you, paremanates from within is heightened PERSONALITY is that which IS ticularly you mothers and big by a certain spiritual quality. most intimate to me—that by sisters who are constantly setting

How often have you had ocwhich I must act out my life. It is an example to the younger members

casion to remark about a new acthat by which I belong to man, that of the family, to cultivate your after to able reach which by God; I amquaintance, a delightful to the personality end that "What you may

this to has given pearl and of He me friends friends,personality!"Old to your an be charming price. It we great treasure; immortal is an

know, too, who possess that soit is mine, it is His, and no man shall ideal to your family and loved ones muchto-bedesired quality. Old pluck it out of His hand."Hugh R. and a delight to yourself. Thus

friends who "bear acquaintance"Haweis. we approach the stairway to a

and "wear well,"as a direct result charming personality.

There are about one billion DR. MARTIN, BY MEANS OF

microorganisms to the found THEEXAMININGPOWERFUL SOILMICROSCOPE,LIFE of soil; fifteen million little

worms y spiders, nematodes, flies, etc., to the acre of soil, making

the "soil a living system."

The

lifeless, dethere a atsoft dead, be flower to with pot change would a more universal howFILL fruit. spised earth into appreciation for naof mosphere Ask the earth the dark and from mold

border of the wood and carry physiologist to explain how sudden ture. Perhaps this would even

it to the student of entomology and earth is transformed into nerve and help to force from our thoughts the see if he can name onehalf of the brain. many petty things which too readliving forms of this little kingdom This description of the soil is ily attach themselves to man.

of life; or hand it to the botanist, especially attractive at this time of Consideration of the soil as a

well trained in the lower order of the year. We have been housed up thing alive is not as common as it

plants, and see how many of the all winter and now as the grass and should be. The fact that soil reliving forms which these few flowers spring up and the soils are sponds as though it were a living

handsful of dirt contain, he can being turned over, crumbly and thing must be apparent to all who classify. Present this miniature loamy, we feel invigorated and reobserve closely, and it is that refarm to the chemist and physicist sponsive to the call that nature is sponse which makes man react to

and let them puzzle over it. Call making on us; we enjoy the work it the way he does, particularly in

in the farmer, and ask him what that is necessary to make the soil the spring of the year. Let us for

plants will thrive best in it; or keep an ideal home for the seeds we a few moments regard soil in this

the soil warm and moist for a time plant. way and see where this leads us,

and let the gardener say of the tiny If we could maintain this springWhen we study soil and learn all plants that appear as by magic, time attitude of mind and react this the little intracacies of its makeup which are good and which are bad. way the year around, better flower and its method of response to every

Mark what these experts have said. gardens, larger vegetable, fruit, and whim of its master we are likely to

Call in the orchardist to tell you field crops would be produced and {Continued on page 376) The oi Truth Power

conventional commonplace and for By higher things are reformers because striving they areThe Way of to bring about new conditions; they are conseWilliam Georae

the Reformer cratingare the theirbravelivesaggressiveto ideals.vanguardThey Jordan

of progress. They are men who

can stand a siege, who can take

reformers of the world order Then, in on his way. him their teeth mur, who set and bow

live to that have strengthTHEare long forced marches without a murhe may purmighty its men of fight their their heads as they way pose. They are men with through the smoke, who smile at through it all, she mercifully calls

the courage of individual convicthe trials and privations that dare him back for a moment and makestion, men who dare run counter to to daunt them. They care naught him—an optimist.

the criticism of inferiors, men who for the hardships and perils of the The way of the reformer is hard, voluntarily bear crosses for what fight, for they are ever inspired by very hard. The world knows little

they accept as right, even without the flag of triumph that seems alof it, for it is rare that the rethe guarantee of a crown. They ready waving on the citadel of former reveals the scars of conflict,

are men who gladly go down into their hopes. the pangs of hope deferred, the

the depths of silence, darkness and mighty waves of despair that wash oblivion, but only to emerge finally TF we are facing some great life over a great purpose. Sometimes

like divers, with pearls in their ambition let us see if our heroic men of sincere aim and unselfish hands. plans are good, high, noble and high ambition, weary and worn

He who.labors untiringly toexalted enough for the price we with the struggle, have permitted

ward the attainment of some noble must pay for their attainment. Let the world to hear an uncontrolled

aim, with eyes fixed on the star us seriously and honestly look into sob of hopelessness or a word of of some mighty purpose, as the our needs, our liabilities, our remomentary bitterness at the seemMagi followed the star in the East, sources, our responsibilities, to asing emptiness of all effort. But

is a reformer. He who is loyal to sure ourselves that it is no mere men of great purpose and noble

the inspiration of some great repassing whim that is leading us. ideals must know that the path of

ligious thought, and with strong Let us hear and consider all counthe reformer is loneliness. They

hand leads weak trembling steps sel, all light that may be thrown must live from within rather than of faith into the glory of certainty, on every side, let us hear it as a in dependence on sources of help is a reformer. He who follows the judge on the bench listens to the from without. Their mission,

their their exalted aim, supremethin thread of revelation of some then evidence and makes his own all in living, object focuses which decision.Nature sciences, folthe of choice in any of a lifework The

lows it in.the spirit of truth is too sacred a responsibility to the their energy, must be their source

through a maze of doubt, hope, individual to be lightly decided for of strength and inspiration. The

experiment and questioning, till the him by others less thoroughly inreformer must ever light the torch of his His own inspiration. owntiny guiding thread formed stronger than himself. grows we When

sacred must ever guard the hand firmer to his touch,and leading weighed in the balance the him have to some wondrous illumination of mighty question and have made flame as he moves steadily forward on his lonely way.Nature's law, is a reformer. our decision, let us act, let us conHe who goes up alone into the centrate our lives upon that which T'HE reformer in morals, in edumountains of truth and, glowing we feel is supreme, and, never forcation, in religion, in sociolwith the radiance of some mighty saking a real duty, never be diverted ogy, in invention, in philosophy,

revelation, returns to force the hurfrom the attainment of the highest in any line of aspiration, is ever a rying world to listen to his story things, no matter what honest price pioneer. His privilege is to blaze

is a reformer. Whoever seeks to we may have to pay for their realithe path for others, to mark at his

work out for himself his destiny, zation and conquest. peril a road that others may follow

the lifework that all his nature When Nature decides on any in safety. He must not expect that

tells him should be his, bravely, man as a reformer she whispers to the way will be graded and ascalmly and with due consideration him his great message, she places in phalted for him. He must realize

of the rights of others and his duties his hand the staff of courage, she that he must face injustice, ingratito them, is a reformer. wraps around him the robes of patude, opposition, misunderstandThese men who renounce the tience and selfreliance and starts (Continued on Page 3 70)

1111: >iK-...s?:;--;;::;;:.::::; J yM Blip

Remembering Compensation Hawthorn

By Harry Elmore Hurd By Antoinette Lambourne Fowler By Elizabeth Witmer Locke \/"OU said, "Do not forget. ITER hands lay idly in her lap: TN May I saw her, sweet and dignified,

* Remember, though the days are long, * - The hands of youth, with rosy nails -* Enclouded in a petaled nuptial veil,

That I shall wait for you."And blue veins showing through Aristocratic and decorous bride,

The satin skin, the palms Genteel and orthodox in each detail.

When homing birds forget Soft as the petals of a newblown flower.

To greet the greening May with song, September stirred to life her halfbreed

Then I shall be untrue. An artist held them in his own; taint;

"Such lovely hands,"he said.* She decked herself with gaudy tribal beads,

New days, old hopes beget, She could no longer be a paleface saint,.

White Winter waits for blossomed Spring, Her hands lay idly in her lap, Nor longer bear the strain of foreign creeds.

Ah, if you only knew Toilworn and old, with broken nails

And roughened fingertips, the palms

How little I forget, All calloused, and the skin

Your blessed aching heart would sing Reddened and coarse from endless menial These Things

With joy the whole day through! tasks.

By Ardyth Kennetty The artist stooped and kissed them.

"Such lovely hands,"he said. THESE things are the loveliest.

Spring—fli'ejs'i'The Whereverfirst star thatyou appearsmay be:at dusk

By Camille C. Nuffer Solace I Find Cool and glitteringly,

lass, that lovely SPRING, By Ruth Lindsay Brown A moonAnd yellowthe colorbutterflies,of a rose, Smiling her through charms in girlhair the sun, Bright drying lightly grass Steps o'er the lake turbulent the A BOVE eyes, in lovers'look The in posies her arms. With soaring are Blue peaks towering

her song ruby from The pines blue with and lips **Covered little fire leaping up, hazy mists. A the breeze in Floats southern their sky. to the Reaching arms day, snowydeep, A soft birds, She's playmate to the

blankets, darlingmouthed, pink on Or She's sweetheart to the trees. eyes unto the hills "I have mine lifted up fast asleep! baby A

strength."cometh whence From my

My spirit soars with the lofty pines

To Youth And is caressed by the rippling breeze.

Hope Dies By Christie Lund Solace I find

In the murmur of water and treetops. By Estelle Webb Thomas

TTOLD close your every hour of hapWhen I am away from mankind -* * piness, I forget the sordid shallowness and the T TOPE dies and we may manifest

Rob every moment of its inmost joy neverending treachery -* * No outward sign of grief,

Absorb each day's white surge of loveliAway from the memories of disappointFor none may know when thus bereft ness ments Our souls must seek relief.

Beauty, alone, time cannot quite destroy. And disillusions which have come through

all my life. None tender flowers, nor solemnly

Press tightly to your breast your loved Walk in the funeral train;

one's head, Out where the sunset sheds a palegold Alone, behind a smiling mask

Go singing while you may into the over the rippling waters We bear our gnawing pain;

dawn; I lay my heart bare

Leave no hushed word of tenderness unTo be refreshed in that jewellight. And bury deep within our souls,

said, In bitterness, our dead;

Tomorrow, youth and loved one may I smell the pines and am revived. Nor sense that Christlike it shall raise

be gone. My heart is at peace with the world. Renewed, its shining head!

Drawing by Elsie E. Barrett.

In these times of stress when all of as are questioning everything it is well to -pause with Judge Harrington and review the importance of our heritage—the Free School.

The Genius and the Mission of the Free School By

to his Harrington home went aided Fork, by andIF"Whatthe questionsecularwereinstitutionasked today,or orJUDGE DANIEL Mr.in American

ganization among us challenges Joseph B. Forbes, who had the yearour greatest interest, not only in HARRINGTON before been engaged as principal of

the Nation as a whole but in every the schools, E. A. Henroid, another

State in the Union,"the answer York State, had been a school educator, and others called an elecundoubtedly would be "The Free teacher in his native State before tion and after a spirited canvass on

School."allying himself with the Latterday the question of tax or no tax, the with before migrating Saints and affirmative carried a small maby is difficult is this true not That

little the and then them to known first free jority. public the Thus of genius understand.to very The

latter, a native unsettled West. The in the school Territory was It equality. of idea theit impels

Maine, of the city Bangor, antein Fork, had launched American start toaims excellent the benefits received of the general the free school of datinggirl out on an everyeven—aboycoordinateand every of leaving before State that schools of twentysix Territory about by—footing. the In this connection, too, it is fitfor the West and before finally years. The second year after the

uniting with the Latterday Saints. system was established, two newting to note that the public free

is that each It manifest thus in built, the of schoolhouses one were its origin in Enghad New fitted be to an individuals these was part eastern the in western one and first established inland and was first public of the earnest advocate the in Hall,"the "Science City; of AmericanMassachusetts—"Whereschool terthis in established free school repaired. also center of town, was first its raisedliberty voice."

in Mountain ritory the and Rocky facilities school for holding Good eduthe that impelled The ideas country. partial were a system graded andcational England, crusaders of New establishthis history of The exestablished. thus In own my Carter,Horace James G. Mann, is as brief outline, in ment, follows: perience, I recall prothe hearing

of Hall, the founderSamuel R. to prior its extol Harrington, the system of moters Mr. who new CharlesAndover, and Brooks Territorial the session the of saying that merits out of a pop1866 by

others, aided also Daniel Webby of a Legislature been member ulation had or people, of 400, 1600ster, a of were, property "the that (the several sessions body, that of population, onefourth the of was its the children owescommunity annually) sessions then held were enrolled in schools. the

"that education;"rudiments of an

it practhat not was found had a the tribute the to of work As coordinating thewithout and establishment the ticable to attempt this chief of then promoters new effects free schoolsequalizing of free system, school a complete of citizens order, the of Americanrepresentative will not government learn of that did a number but he a years the ago Fork few named are in "thatlong they endure;"as Legislature the of the members fine their located in building newfact a quasi part the government of other as the well and governor City, the School"and "Harrington State."of every

leaders the of would community large, the equally almost one or authorfavor permitting a law fine tributes to School,""Forbes the pretending not above I amDY districts several the school izing service. of worthy worthy and to men schools. free a thesis to write on their to territory the support

This preface is intended to show schools either by taxation or by While from the above backthat many of our early pioneers, tuition. ground, it may be fairly inferred

as well as many who came later, that I have an abiding love for the were acquainted with these ideas YATITH this outlook and with this genius and the mission of free and that they lingered in their encouragement, he, as chairschools and while my experience as hearts and minds. Among those man of the Judiciary Committee of a public school teacher and a

who were thus affected and who the Council of the Legislature, inCounty Superintendent of schools sought by affirmative action to put troduced the bill granting such has shown to me their great benetheir ideals into force were the late powers. The bill passed both fits, I am free to say that the establishing of Biblical and ChristianLeonard E. Harrington, a pioneer houses—was signed by the govof 1847, and the late Joseph B. ernor, thus becoming law. Seminaries in this and a number of

Forbes, a pioneer of 1865. After adjournment of that sesother States of the Union near the

The former, a native of New sion in accordance with the law, (Continued on Page 348) The 01 Truth Power

conventional commonplace and for By higher are things because reformers striving they areThe Way of to bring about new conditions; they are conseWilliam Geora

the Reformer cratingare the theirbravelivesaggressiveto ideals.vanguardThey Jordan

of progress. They are men who

can stand a siege, who can take

reformers of the world order Then, in his way. him on their mur, teeth who set and bow

live that to have strengthTHEare long forced marches without a murpur- he may mighty its men of their heads their fight as they way pose. They are men with through the smoke, who smile at through it all, she mercifully calls

the courage of individual convicthe trials and privations that dare him back for a moment and makestion, men who dare run counter to to daunt them. They care naught him—an optimist.

the criticism of inferiors, men who for the hardships and perils of the The way of the reformer is hard, voluntarily bear crosses for what fight, for they are ever inspired by very hard. The world knows little

they accept as right, even without the flag of triumph that seems alof it, for it is rare that the rethe guarantee of a crown. They ready waving on the citadel of former reveals the scars of conflict,

are men who gladly go down into their hopes. the pangs of hope deferred, the

the depths of silence, darkness and mighty waves of despair that wash oblivion, but only to emerge finally TF we are facing some great life over a great purpose. Sometimes

like divers, with pearls in their ambition let us see if our heroic men of sincere aim and unselfish hands. plans are good, high, noble and high ambition, weary and worn

He who labors untiringly toexalted enough for the price we with the struggle, have permitted ward the attainment of some noble must pay for their attainment. Let the world to hear an uncontrolled

aim, with eyes fixed on the star us seriously and honestly look into sob of hopelessness or a word of of some mighty purpose, as the our needs, our liabilities, our remomentary bitterness at the seemMagi followed the star in the East, sources, our responsibilities, to asing emptiness of all effort. But

is a reformer. He who is loyal to sure ourselves that it is no mere men of great purpose and noble

the inspiration of some great repassing whim that is leading us. ideals must know that the path of

ligious thought, and with strong Let us hear and consider all counthe reformer is loneliness. They

hand leads weak trembling steps sel, all light that may be thrown must live from within rather than of faith into the glory of certainty, on every side, let us hear it as a in dependence on sources of help is a reformer. He who follows the judge on the bench listens to the from without. Their mission,

thin thread of some revelation of evidence and then makes his own their exalted aim, their supreme

Nature in any of the sciences, foldecision. The choice of a lifework object in living, which focuses all

lows it in.the spirit of truth is too sacred a responsibility to the their energy, must be their source

through a maze of doubt, hope, individual to be lightly decided for of strength and inspiration. The

experiment and questioning, till the him by others less thoroughly inreformer must ever light the torch tiny guiding thread grows stronger formed than himself. When we of his own inspiration. His own

and firmer to his touch, leading him have weighed in the balance the hand must ever guard the sacred to some wondrous illumination of mighty question and have made flame as he moves steadily forward

Nature's law, is a reformer. our decision, let us act, let us conon his lonely way.

He who goes up alone into the centrate our lives upon that which T'HE reformer in morals, in edumountains of truth and, glowing we feel is supreme, and, never forcation, in religion, in sociolwith the radiance of some mighty saking a real duty, never be diverted ogy, in invention, in philosophy, revelation, returns to force the hurfrom the attainment of the highest in any line of aspiration, is ever a rying world to listen to his story things, no matter what honest price pioneer. His privilege is to blaze

is a reformer. Whoever seeks to we may have to pay for their realithe path for others, to mark at his

work out for himself his destiny, zation and conquest. peril a road that others may follow

the lifework that all his nature When Nature decides on any in safety. He must not expect that

tells him should be his, bravely, man as a reformer she whispers to the way will be graded and ascalmly and with due consideration him his great message, she places in phalted for him. He must realize

of the rights of others and his duties his hand the staff of courage, she that he must face injustice, ingratito them, is a reformer. wraps around him the robes of patude, opposition, misunderstandThese men who renounce the tience and selfreliance and starts (Continued on Page 370)

isOne Mans Meat Poison"Another Mans From the Medical Staff and Health he had broken over the traces and a sheep for taken as well be the filled on he up a lamb,Service, Briqham Young Universitu asmightfor forbidden fruit. Within two hours

he was hunting frantically for his doctor to give him relief from the

perienced. are it there that two found was is sorelynNY modern discussion of notably pollens of plants. Then most severe asthma he had ever exdiet foods and anconstitutes hives or Urticaria fever: occurring one of kinds hay obsome without lacking occawhich manifestation other early spring, in and summer, adage relative old the toservations allergy, and accompanies sionally emanations; plant to due autumn, title. has truth Its asused above result to from long been has known at time of occurring any and one centuries, but for recognizedbeen the In disturbances. food some were causes year, of the the which been has of explanationan why quiz beloved a of notes lecture understood. we not often Now evolving. inslow statement the appear to used master these, of both that of many know lies in the answer Technically, eating occur often from "hives that are groups, perennial seasonal and called trouble ofa phase human people!"strawberries some on sensitization to caused actually by this term of Definitionallergy. suffered "sick headaches"Periodic factors in the eaten, to or foods modificacontinual undergonehas in numertrouble sinus many, by to individuals'environments which it since was year$ the in fewtion inexfrequent instances, and ous allergic. are they or allergy,coined. word The that colds, coughs plainable head

is ofallergia, a two combination cases certain even go, and and come centuries it has been common T70R and "other"meaning termsGreek are epilepsy, now presumed of disfoods that some knowledge it first respectively. At"energy"curious this arise to from known are persons, certain and agree with a fact that curious to theapplied sensitization. of others. In problem with compatible entirely powerfully reacts often moreperson caused foods the just what way first that believed proinjection of some a secondto QBSERVERS

difficulty Analynot was known. allercause the could proteids to only did material heteid than

juices, gastric ses individual and of all premises reactions. gic illustrated Thenfirst be one. This may digestive ferments intestinal have of be to belief that had indiin based upon instance an which anby variation demonstrable no shown repeated face of in the discarded severe updevelops rapidlyvidual yet can people their chemistry, in arising trouble in such experience collapseset threatened when and while digest food, readily given a grapefruit, brown orange, after antitoxin, from diphtheriagiven eatget trouble severe others from other viosterol, and sugar, honey, been previously time has somehe

it. inconvenience might ing The proteids. to unrelated substances horse oftreated form some with a be "dark anything brown from students and research is on, Later reaction aserum. now Such nose, stuffy taste in the mouth,"the foods that held practitioners anaphylaxis as designatedusually sneezing, to or bronhead,""bad ordifault in our at usually most shock. anaphylacticor certain chial asthma. young A wheat, milk, eggs, diets fields were nary related of knowledge As of bronchial asthma had modman shellfish. various The the that evident it andincreased, became

severity, erate obunder was and patient with a observed writer (described in fever 1819 byhay its cause. to determine servation supposition, this on asthma who, as "summer Bostock,Dr. John ago, years the This some was when restricted to an for weeks been had asthma bronchialcatarrh") and best conthe of day knowledge relief diet. was juice this No to related inwere some way all sidered a posthat could food attacks were as Includedcurious phenomenon. orangeexperienced—rather sibly to influence to asthma do was increasing of frequent and dismore reactions,allergic soon they its real cause. aggravate Becoming tests were skin severity. center When the anaphylaxisplaced from restraint, restive the dietary under to be discovered done, orange was control stage, assumed the andof ate cherries several luscious patient in things powerful the most of one Continued allergic thought. of realizing orchard. that at an Then seizures. patient's the producing a discoveredresearch growing has

number of conditions clamoring for In another instance, an intractrepeated in fever able which hay field, until the today toadmittance person, it would TpVERY reveal failed to an tests seem, pollen had literally "coversthe term allergy medical professional needs associated cause, exciting became sins."ofa multitude is in discomfort. advice if he

Hay fever was found to have no The question which confronts us with a disabling dizziness, and was fever at all, but to be a disturbance is: How is he to have it under found to be caused by focal infecin which every cell of the body our present social order? tion plus sensitization to yeast,

reacts to some poison or poisons, corn, peas, and lamb. This person

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

was disturbed by bread, which led rather than in any supposed gashad been taking three glasses of to the assumption that wheat was a tric offense at unattractive mixtures. orange juice daily, in addition to

factor. Then it was found that frequent doses of several alkalinizwheat cereal and soda crackers gave TWTUCH is said these days about ing drugs. Examination discoverno trouble whatever. Skin tests alkalinization and the dangers ed her to be constitutionally an alrevealed sensitization to yeast of of "acidosis."Almost everyone lergic, or one subject to "sensitithe bread. knows that the citrous fruits are zation."As a general rule such

Bananas, lauded in nationwide alkalinizers, and their use is widepersons are more than normally advertising as a neglected food of spread. The popular notion is that alkaline in their body reaction, and

high value, constitute one of the everyone is subject to acidosis; and, should take alkalinizing substances

commonest of vegetable offenders whenever any cloud looms upon only under extreme need. All that

in allergic reactions. Pork is more the horizon, resort to alkalies and was necessary to immediately clear

often an excitant than any other alkalinizing foods is at once had. up her "cold"was to stop all

of our common meats. Tea and In a measure this is true, especially alkalinizers, as well as all medicines

coffee are frequently active allerin acute illness of any duration, or being used in the nose, and give an gens; and it has been interesting to of great severity. However, the appropriate acid to offset the intense

see the surprisingly numerous possusceptibility to acids is not by any alkaline load which was producing itive reactions to tobacco. Of means universal. all her trouble.

course, anyone sensitive to tobacco Recently an intelligent young Such instances are not excepsmoke is prone to develop stuffiness woman consulted her physician retional, which should again serve of nose, headache, slight nausea, garding an intractable head cold to bring home the lessons: that in

and perhaps vertigo, from being from which she had suffered for the field of health there is no compelled to partake of the smoke several weeks. Her nose seemed panacea; that no two humans yet

even secondhand. completely blocked by swollen born are any more identical in their

tissues, there was much nasal disbodily reactions than they are in

A LLERGIC sensitization is much charge, her head felt heavy, thinktheir personalities; that reason,

more common than any of us ing was difficult, and her efficiency when selfapplied, is likely to be realize; and there seems no doubt was decidedly lowered. She had unreasonable; and that the more

that many of the lesser, as well as done everything she knew, and was "learning"we suppose we have, some of the major health disturbusing two or three kinds of nose the greater danger lies in tampering it. to ances, are primarily due That selfmedication. drops—including ephedrine. She with is general in "dieting"ordinary hopelessly futile must be apparent, Jg*-!—

if these observations continue to upon the ground of freedom, that ground it as deserve acceptance facts. If one law; be fenced with must be tilled The Genius and the must

with hallowed be it must wisdom; with is sensitivity suffering to from

free the prayer. tribunal of justice, The

therebe built the wheat, carrots, bananas, and corn, Mission of the Free school, church must holy it little benefit will bring to adopt to entrench, to defend and to keep the diet leave all a vegetable and heritage."meats School sacred

out. Should headache, vertigo, (Continued from Page 346)

and indigestion arise from eating }> -Hg( Is not that an ennobling trinity free justice, the tribunal of yeast, eggs, or peaches, tomatoes,—the character additional school, as the school, church! holy

is scarcely improvement marked influences, steadying building and fine this adds Daniel Webster likely starchto a adherence from direction. right is a step in the warning: sensitifree diet. there be Should are correally seminaries These

'reif reject posterity our and "But we substances to zation or more one this ollaries in schools the of and violate instruction authority, ligious and in each of the food classes, relief age of growing frivolities, they are the rules of eternal justice, trifle with the from restriction to any of the greatly needed, as they inculcate injunctions of morality, no man can tell a catastrophe overwhelm sudden may "diet"plans doubtful. is extremely of how rectitude strength and moral

shall in prous, that glory all our bury recent tells us propaganda Some in line clearly character and are obscurity."found

that we must not mix in the stomwith sound public policy.

ach certain foods, as strawberries Thus it is manifest that while and cream, starches and acids, etc. TlHE need of just such training the free school has been and is

Those who place emphasis upon and the pursuing of just such greatly beneficial in a purely secular such teaching ignore the fundapublic policy is borne out by the way, on the high authorities just mental principle that a human highest judicial authority of our quoted, and in the opinion of wise stomach differs widely from test land and by many of our greatest observers, its great worth and its tube conditions obtained in laboradvocates of civil freedom. Thus great mission can be, and will be,

atory experiment. How this bethe Supreme Court of our Nation vastly augmented by a more viglief can be justified upon any prinhas held that this is a Christian orous teaching and inculcating of

ciple of physiology is not readily Nation. That being true, then, Christian morals and Christian recclear, yet one hears individuals dewho shall say that it is not only a titude.

clare they have been greatly helped privilege but a duty to teach ChrisAs a corollary of these teachings by following such a plan. A more tian precepts? too, a stronger, more virile, more

logical explanation of their benefit Again, Orville Dewey in one of patriotic electorate and citizenship, would seem to lie in the fact that the finest apostrophes to Liberty shall abide and extend; and, by the

they leave out for the time being ever written asserts: magic wand of their power, they

some of those substances to which "When a people leaves the leadingwill reach to and permeate every they have allergic susceptibility, strings of prescriptive authority and enters part of the land.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 349

head. the see Jim you her baby "Maybe. turned But He gave the Dust kiss he a then of always adoring what quick andOut mean

."(Continued from Page 328) heard Presently they gone. was he doesn'tsays—

}*.- h* this ghastly back. of the horses the going "But tramp place—it's——."

room was The soon cleared. criminal—

She pleaded, coaxed, almost her watch, consultedinto iines Virginia had come to Dora dread. "Other kids have stood it "Shall I pack or shall I dress threatened, cried, and in the end

and I guess ours can."Baby?"drove away alone. Before she left

"I've packed,"Virginia answershe took a box from the car. "If

D,'ORA was quick with ed from the door. She had just you won't go, here are some things

her retort. Opposition was the emptied her dish water on the little Mother sent for your birthday."

breath of life to her, and the battle tree. Jim would scold about that. For the second time that day

was on. Virginia wished she He wanted the pig to have it. Virginia's heart sang. Mother

wouldn't argue with him. He said "Fine. We can leave at once."knew.

enough about her folks "buttin'- But Virginia hesitated. Across The spiral of dust was again

in"as it was. She reached quickly the swale Jim was again hooking headed toward the house. From

himself detached her the it, husband the omelet gathering plate held that for the was the tugs—he

field. across the rapidly strips and and reins. at the plow. of bacon swung the wasand two Now he

offered it to him. He served himInstantly, horses and man were enGray under dust he faced her.

self generously with egg; put some veloped in dust. Heat and dust. "You didn't go?"

on Baby's plate with the admoniPoverty and loneliness. He en- "Of course not. Why should

tion to go to it; then, with Virdured them, too. She heard her you think that?"\

breathlessly, looked ginia sister hurry. that watching she demanding "I don't know—only—I was; it over, hesitated, passed the dish the bacon She turned and hung pan afraid.'

to bacon?"Dora. some its "Have nail, then gathered her son on "Silly."Her blood raced. at the looked two small arms. Dora in her

His; son. kiss his to stooped He pieces doubtfully. better go,"she I guess you'd "I—lips turned, hers. His brushed cheek gruffly. urged he ahead,""Go said. here.""I'm

swift,; a cheek with her touched If here. likes it it was one "No year?""Staying stridcaress, he was then here—anotherstaying and hard beef now—

Abruptly the rock in Virginia's "No, always."ing buoyantly back across the

breast wasn't there. She rose hur- "It's impossible. It's absurd. thirsty earth. Whew, but it was

riedly, fluttering between the hot Are you mad?"Shrilly. hot. Maybe that meant a storm.

stove almost equally hot table. and

theFor Dora forgot moment her *———-4

argument. She spoke of their lunch. would give him a hundred souls one's destroy don't farms "Dry Flower Photograph city. the petiapostle's from The

else appetite, they whatever tion was in answered than more do. Contest I didn'tReally, you know full measure: was; aided, divinely he

(Continuedcould from Page 341) enabled to conhundred make two cook—you—."Virgie,

as you've long "Funny. As verts in city. the

known her."Jim interrupted,

combatively. guess from the position of the sun I looked at Pratt's Hill in the

to there, turns flowers; the he and at the flower clock little sang. wife's heart distance—again The the passing over veronica purple were leaving. we two The seemed It said. the he'd cook, wasBum face the of floral see will clock he to to be me linked together; I could it, It herself. told she didbacon pointing to hands white alyssum see a close association between the touch.supplied needed the Maybe designating numerals and the hour latterday message of the apostle tell wouldn't mother whatDora

if of minute day. and he the And the and pointing to the time the by last time. toldshe her Her had a for waits will minutes he hear few hands of the flower clock. I As like tasted lunch had now,own a little delightful cuckoo coming pondered, the words of the revelaashes.

clock. the from tion to the Prophet Joseph came to his chair back from pushed Jim experience the Such of was our mind, my "For the is time at retable rose heavily.the and He little visit party to on our Edinhand."(Doc. v. and Co 39:21.) floor.trieved his the hat from in July, asburgh 1933. As we that Oh, these words might be it. flung paused he'dwhere Then steps, the leaving cended clock, the in quoted flowers beneath the clock, ""Well, at door. theawkwardly Sister a Scottish Houston, John and with them a go fervent misif I see again."goodbye, don't you of the as acting member Church sionary message. But such a hope; lifting Virginia, the our guide, baby from called to attention a I realized, could be nothing more'chair,the up. looked high hill in Goodprominent the distance on

a than fantasy. the As fantasy it isbye. didn't flat goodlarge a was dream He which stone as known

bye to her as well as Dora; goodKing Arthur's seat; but, she added, vanished, a dream took its place,

bye to this precious Touslehead. "the Latterday Saints know the and a hope came that it might be

;Goodbye to the bickering, the place as Pratt's Hill."Asked for something more than a dream or a

scorching days, the loneliness an explanation, she told us that fantasy that the flower clock and still, he hadn't let her down. Tired when Orson Pratt came to Scotland the missionary message accompanyof bacon, huh! For the briefest on his first mission, he ascended the ing it might become a reality on the

instant his eyes searched hers. She hill and prayed to God that He Temple Block in Salt Lake City.

increased—you Liquor of all June Conference everywhere.need only to readAutoyouraccidentsnewspaper.have

TUNE is the month of weddings, roses, and-—frms is a dread menace, but hard liquor—outlaw

* M. I. A. Conference. From the expanses of liquor is more to be dreaded than pestilence. It

America will come up to Zion upon that occasion is said that under the present regime "the women a concourse of the finest young people this world started in where the men left off before prohibihas ever beheld. tion."

Knowing their objectives and possessed of a We can do something about it. We can refuse

fairly well marked map of the way to reach them, to buy "outlaw"magazines. We can demand the

they will be happy, wise, and tranquil. They are enforcement of the law, but better still we can

coming up to Zion to learn of her ways and to begin a program of education which will check walk in her paths. By Zion no particular referJohn Barleycorn if not defeat him. H. R. M.

ence is made to Salt Lake City. Salt Lake City

Zion location the physical is merely of Zion—-not Safety—The Summer is itself. people and the young Zion those young

people and old people like them whom they will Project meet in Salt Lake City, and whom they will leave TVHREE hundred and one members of the Church behind. met death by violence in 1933. That is an

Christianity is a personal as well as a social way appalling record. If a small group like ours has

it, in a sense. He can and the world have lost by a similar means.—inof life.the Oneworld,canbutbe notChristianof among unbelievers sustained such a loss, visualize what the nation

carry Zion with him in his own heart. Of those deaths 123 were by automobile;

visualize this in June? country Can you Can preventable, thirtyfive were by drowning—both see the the millions you moving from among few easily in preventable, the main.

with their eyes set upon the mountains where they The ages of those who suffered death from the are to vie with each other in a perfectly friendly automobile are enlightening. Thirtyseven were

and brotherly fashion for honors in elevating conbetween the ages of 15 and 25. Undoubtedly

tests? Can you see fifteen thousand, mostly of speed and general reckless driving were much to

the young, gathered round the historic tabernacle, blame here. Twentytwo were between the ages

the inspiring temple, listening to the best that the of 1 and 10. These were either run over in the

Church has produced in a year? Can you imagine street or were with older people in cars. Nineteen

hundreds and hundreds of voices drilled to a harwere between the ages of 45 and 65; eighteen

mony singing under the direction of a single baton between 25 and 45; seventeen between 65 and 85;

some of the greatest music in the world? ten between 10 and 15.

If you can imagine these things, then you know Let's talk and teach safety! Let's prevent these

what June Conference will be like. heartbreaks, these heartaches, this sorrow and

If you should come, you will be welcome; yet loss of property and life.

feel than you more right have no that we we to Drive Safely—Always! visitors one. for conference welcome, bid we are

We merely happen to be living at the gathering place. We welcome you, therefore, but—the Moving Pictures

Kingdom is yours also. -H. R. M. What About Them?

to stay there is no adoimpressionable The Liquor Question "THATdoubt;moviesthat childrenhave comeand

"THE time has come when we must begin an unlescents will see them and stay to see them a second ending war on liquor. Six months of repeal time is equally sure; that much will be absorbed

have revealed the fact that, as was pointed out by from the pictures by Young America is the only many prominent individuals, liquor by its very logical conclusion to be made, and that must be nature is outlaw. admitted with full and free recognition of the fact

Magazines of national circulation are coming that nine out of ten pictures cannot wholesomely into the state of Utah and other states bearing be absorbed in toto. What can be done?

hardliquor advertisements whether those states For years the question has been asked; now

have laws against hard liquor or not. This is various attempts are being made to answer it.

in violation of the law—-a shameless violation of Magazines devoted to the home and family life

law. A magazine bearing an advertisement inof the nation are making special efforts to bring

ducing people to steal, commit arson, or even before the parents of the country a vision and murder ought to be equally respectable in comparunderstanding of the importance of this new and ison with these. One such magazine had the immeasurable influence for good and ill which

brazen effrontery to advertise by means of a full has come with the numerous other changes of page that its revenue had increased 22% since late years; radio broadcasts, sponsored by welfare

January 1 and that therefore, "business is better."and religious organizations are presenting probRepeal did not solve the bootlegging question; lems connected with moving pictures; and thinkit aggravated it. Saloons have returned—they are ing people everywhere are facing the fact that an

indifferent, careless attitude in the matter is no And, finally, do not fail to read good magalonger possible without definitely harmful rezines in which the problem of moving pictures sults. is discussed intelligently; and from such articles

On our desk this morning lies a copy of an gather information which will help you to face editorial from the "Christian Advocate"which the matter fairly and squarely and perhaps do is, in part, as follows: A vigorous campaign, something toward solving a problem which has

initiated by the Catholic Church, has been joined assumed vital and ever increasing proportions in by both Jewish and Protestant groups to move terms of human ideals and attitudes toward life.

against immoral books and indecent motion picThe following is an excerpt from the "Parents'tures. The pulpits are called on to awaken the Magazine"in which Fred Eastman maps an outpublic to the menace of the present flood of obline for such analysis. Make it your own measurjectionable * * * pictures shown in all theatres. ing rod of a movie, and draw it to the attention

H< of others:

"In concerted moves against the evils lies the 1. Does the play reach the emotions? Unless

hope for reform. Confined to New York, founit stirs an audience either to laughter or tears, or

tainhead of immoral books and pictures though it both, it is a failure as drama.

is, the campaign would have little effect upon the 2. Do the characters seem real and are they

country. But breaking out in every city and worth knowing? * * * Unless these have a contown, it would greatly stimulate reform. Convincing sense of reality about them the play again

fined to the Catholic Church, thousands of Chrisfails.

tians would not hear of the campaign. But as all 3. Does the plot involve a conflict which rises

religious groups are agreed on the need for puristeadily to a climax, maintaining proper suspense fication of our reading and entertainment, the throughout? And is this conflict understandable

reform fight should be made unitedly."to children?

The natural question now is "what form shall 4. Do the characters have to make important

the campaign take?"In the manner of living tochoices? Unless they do they are not entirely

day, it is virtually impossible, as well as highly human. The bigger the central choice in a play,

ineffectual, to forbid young people to see certain the bigger the play tends to be.

pictures and be sure that the mandate will be 5. Is the theme clear and worth while?

obeyed. It is equally impracticable for parents 6. Is the solution convincing?

to see every picture which comes to town and 7. Do the players, the director and the others

select those suitable for children to attend. Many responsible for the presentation of the drama

local organizations, Church and otherwise, have succeed in making it vital and stimulating?

attempted, with some degree of success and some In addition:

degree of failure, to preview films with the thought 1. Is it free from the kind of excitement that

of endorsing the best and ignoring the mediocre makes children scream, or bite their fingernails, or and condemning the worst, but this method has cling in terror to other children * * *? Chilfallen into comparative disuse for many reasons. dren react three times as intensely as adults * * *

What, then, can be done? There are a few they do not have what psychologists call the

suggestions which might be a start toward a "adult discount"* * * to the child it is all very solution, and a start is better than nothing at all. real and terrifying.

First, patronize clean, uplifting pictures when 2. Does the stimulus to the imagination tend

you know such to be showing in your town, and to create wholesome and beautiful pictures in the refuse to attend sensational, suggestively vulgar child's mind?

films.

Second, when you have seen a delightful, soul- 3. Does the story pictured encourage the kind

warming movie, take time to phone your friends of attitudes that you want your children to have?

and neighbors and advise them to see it; if, by 4. Are the behavior patterns of the picture

chance you have stumbled onto the opposite type, those you would like to see your child imitate?

tell people of this picture they should miss. * * * No one knows how many millions of

Let the exhibitor in your locality know when young girls, after seeing "Little Women,"had a you are pleased and when you are infuriated over deeper appreciation of their mothers and sisters.

one picture and another. Box office receipts, after 5. Is the scale of values presented in the picture

all, largely govern the policy of a manager in his the same scale as the one you have tried to instil choice of pictures. in your child's mind at home? * * * is the picThen, perhaps most important of all, since all ture built upon such values as can be described by

kinds of movies will be viewed by all kinds of the words unselfish, courageous, honest, hardpeople, learn to analyze a picture for its points of working, patient, kind, cheerful? Or are the

merit, and teach young people to do the same. values described rather by these: smart, sophistiTalk over with them the values of a film; draw cated, daring, bold, big, thrilling, passionate, dazfrom them an expression concerning those values. zling? These latter words may not describe

In order to formulate an opinion into words, they America at its worst, but they express a kind of must clarify their thinking sufficiently to do some life that has lost all sense of spiritual values. E.

analyzing whether they know it or not.—E. T. B.

.

Results of THE IMP SUBSCRIPTION CONTESTS | WINNERS IN NUMBERS CONTEST How the Stakes Finished 19. Ogden 8 6 20. Shelley 84"THE following list shows the perGRAND 21. Boise 8 2

centage of quota each of the 22. San Francisco 82

23. Taylor 8stakes in the Church reached: CHAMPION

1. Snowflake 150.2 LIBERTY STAKE 24. St. Johns 80

2. Curlew 141.5 Salt Lake City, Utah 25. Lost River 78

3. Union 132.5 26. Woodruff 77

4. Moapa 124.9 V. Clyde Cummings and 27, Idaho 76

5. Minidoka 122.1 Bernice Austin, Directors 28. Bear Lake 72

6. Juarez: 121.7 642 "ERAS"29. Cache 7 2

7. Maricopa 118.3 NUMBER PRIZE 30. Palmyra 72

8. Big Horn 116.2 Liberty 642 $25.00 31. Idaho Falls 70

9 Kanab 113.2 Los Angeles 641 $22.50 32. Lethbridge 70

1 0. St. Joseph 111.2 Ogden 628 $20.00 33. Logan 7

11. Fremont 110.8 Hollywood 570 $17.50 34. Lyman 70

12. Los Angeles 109.4 Fremont...566 $15.00 35. Pocatello 70

13. Franklin 107.7 St. Joseph 525 $12.50 36. Montpelier 6 9

14. Star Valley 107 Salt Lake 515 $10.00 37. Alberta 6 8

15. Hollywood 103.5 Ensign 514 $7.50 38. Ensign 6 8

16. San Juan 100 North Weber.490 $5.00 39. North Davis 68

17. North Weber 94 Maricopa 465 $2.50 40. Benson 66

18. Yellowstone 88 41. Mount Ogden 65

42. Salt Lake 65

43. Hyrum 64

Ward Workers 44. Nevada 64

Appreciated 45. Panguitch 64

46. Bannock 62

"Of course,"said 47. Oneida 62

Clyde Cummings, 48. Timpanogos 62

"we could not have 49. San Luis 60

sold 642 Improve50. Uintah 60 ment Eras—a stack 51. Young 58

nearly six feet high 52. Blaine 57

had we not been sup53. Liberty 57

ported by some splen54. South Sanpete 56

did Ward Workers. 55. Twin Falls 56

We merely directed, 56. Rigby. 5 5

they put the job 57. Sevier 5 5

through."58. Lehi 54

The same expres59. Kolob 53

sion has been heard 60. Malad 53

from many of the 61. Deseret 5 2 Stake Directors—

they give great credit This Labor of Love to those actually who to almost move two pages me THESE out obtainwent and splensuch represent tears, because they V ed the subscriptions. did achievement on the part of the people

Congratulations, of the Church. The names of those twenty

Ward Workers! stakes might well be written in flame, and

there are many others whose numbers or

V. CLYDE CUMMINGS AND well that so percentages do not show DIwhose BERNICE AUSTIN, "ERA"of account on should be along with them RECTORS, LIBERTY STAKE,

STANDING BESIDE 642 the splendid service rendered by conscien- "ERAS'"THEY THE NUMBER THEIR AND WORKERS SOLD tiousin Theworkers.ImprovementThese peopleEra asmustwe believedo!—UP TO APRIL 15. "NOTE

THAT PLEASED EXPRESSION."Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager.

ROVEMENT ERA 15, 1934FINISHING APRILm WINNERS IN PERCENTAGE CONTEST 62. Raft River 52 Wards Should Be Recognized

63. Portneuf 51

regret that will the space not permit

all reached that of the of wards 64. Burley 50 GRAND WEnames

65. Morgan 50 their quota to appear on these pages. Many

66. South Davis 50 of them worked magnificently turning in CHAMPION the best record ever made in any subscrip67. Boxelder 48

their SNOWFLAKE STAKE tion reached campaign. double few A 68. Teton 48

one, the quota and at least Ward Shumway Snowflake, Arizona 69. Bear River 47 M. D. Bushman and Cynthia of Arizona, placed an Era in every home.

70. Wasatch 47

46 Flake, Directors Thishave alsoyear beenthe branchesactive turningin the Missionin manyFieldssub71. Weber OF scriptions. 150.2 PERCENT 72. St. George 45 In all approximately 355 wards sucQUOTA

73. Blackfoot 44 ceeded in reaching their quota. That is

74. Emery 44 PERCENT PRIZE about onethird of all of the wards in the

.150.2 Snowflake... $25.00 stakes did Church. of wards which Many 75. Juab 44

their or quotas reach went approach not 141.5 Curlew $22.50 76. Alpine 42 magnificently. the top 132.5 $20.00 over Union 77. East Jordan 42 or the apparent Strangely wealth enough

78. Carbon i 41 Moapa 124.9 $17.50 lack of it in a community did not seem to

122.1 Minidoka $15.50 affect results as the of campaign the many Jordan 41 79. West

physical lack in to seem wards which 121.7 $12.50 Juarez 80. Cassia 40 in subscriptions the wealth turned to their Maricopa 118.3 $10.00 81. Zion Park 40 magazine.

82. Millard 39 Big Horn 116.2 $7.50 Now that 193334 has passed and

83. Granite 38 Kanab 113.2 $5.00 everybody in M. I. A. is turning his face

84. North Sanpete 38 St. Joseph...111.2 $2.50 Year!"towards 193435,What will thenextbattleyear crydo? is "Next

85. Utah 38

86. Garfield 36

87. North Sevier 34 Contest Close

88. Oquirrh 33 "The Contest

89. Roosevelt 33 proved to be surpris90. Nebo 32 ingly close,"said O.

91. Grant 31 B. Peterson, Assistant

92. Sharon 31 Business Manager of

93. Sevier 31 South Improvement The 94. Tintic 31 he audited Era when

95. Duchesne 30 subscriptions. the

96. Summit 30 'There were a num97. Cottonwood 29 ber of shifts among

98. Tooele 28 the leaders during the

99. Beaver 26 hours immediately

100. Gunnison 25 preceding the close,

101. Pioneer 25 April 15, especially in

102. Moroni 24 the | contestants for

103. Parowan 23 numjbers. We con104. Wayne 22 gratulate parevery

Sixteen Stakes Reach Quota ticipant."

OIXTEEN stakes reached their quota and nearly twothirds of them stood above fifty per cent of their quota on April 15. M. D. BUSHAMN AND CYNTHIA

FLAKE, DIRECTORS, "ERA"in is a charge those but good record, That STAKE, SHAKING SNOWFLAKE it be can hope Improvement Era of The CONGRATULATING HANDS AND improved next year. The slogan for sevEACH OTHER AND THEIR

GETTING FOR A STAKE eral years been has Every For "A Magazine OF HIGHER PERCENTAGE

Family."can Perhaps Of Member we The SUBSCRIPTIONS "ERA"THAN

add to that "Of Every Family."The conANY STAKE IN THE HISTORY

OF MAGAZINE. ONE THE test close. for was exceedingly numbers The QUOTA; THEIR PILE SHOWS

first the prize cash was undoubtedly not THEIR ONE THE HIGH consideration. ACCOMPLISHMENT.

SECTION FOR BEGINNING WRITERS Born to Write By F. HOWARD FORSYTH

of 100,000 people in course, I could afterward take itOUTthe world who have the Notice to Writers or leave it.

I not, could and I have But write, to desire burning racketeering in the writis some since. the been not same THERE fraction insignificantall an but occasionally ing Because game. we I filled in the blanks and in a their lives best of the for manuscripts,waste hear paid of fabulous sums

vain hope for the impossible. and because writing looks easy and requires mailed a money order for sevdol-

"Most of our expensive lespeoplelittle capitalwho wouldinvestment,like to ambitiousmake easy moneyyoung lars.entyfiveThus dollars,—preciousthe symptoms develdifferent no nor are socalledsons no into arte patronizing deceived I disease. into the oped would

critics manuscript can your dollar make "who a good twobetter than it stage, believed at that not have critics advertised these salable."of Many subject. the ontext book case the already adbut literary an was socalled are fakes are as some

"One of our pupils was lucky agents who accept reading fees from bevanced one.

authors. ginning prize a to $1000 winenough writing is not mythbug The

Before beware. writer should The new about boasting been haveand we ical. advertisement one Answer advertise thempeople patronizing who

since. everthat life. afflicted are for you if and critics, especially as as selves agents and

characters. their to investigate time explain the phenomenon. have been advertisknown,—we"Our critic is nationally a fee is charged, the writer should take the Some day a psychologist will critics reputable and are There many I studied the course consciening him for years. of patronare agents. sales worthy These

"We have made a great disage if one is certain he wishes to write. tiously and two years have

covery about writing; that every Remember, something more than a desire passed.

is painting necessary. write As with sucSomehow my inevitable the sucker minuteother arts, it with so is the other tany of born is andto I have has not materialized. at writing."to nibbledestined is cess acceptable writing. Finished work

write. to not learned I had vigorous long preceded and by the usually read between can be Such

artist expect training. or even expected things so by would many No writing adcreativelines of any first often sketch. Writers his wish to sell now.

current magfirst firstvertisement, and their their their story, poem, think trying, I continue mostly But first article accepted a be should by magof them. are fullazines An to a conservdisappoint more is art. are. azine. writing an But Some selfofever-increasing number

first ative learn of averages worthwhile author have and law must The range a wide of teachersstyled acquire in ideas addition then he must and despite to the of write handicap the to catering are reliabilityof artistic ideas into those art placing the of brilliant once such having nursed form. profor quickpopular demand hopes. realize rules course, that hold no We Of genius. Education ofduction are chances there geniuses. geniuses, are for enormously but few The

a of god so become muchhas friends good very are one's or not One other against against me, and any artists to becomethat hope one's merits One's judges the of of work. many in gullible drinks amateur who likely best his to are enemies be a at attendance mere critics—through nectar popular the aromatic of in Classes enemies. honest writing—crecorres- of acceptancecollege or advertising. corative be taken by writing—may It installments. wouldpondence universities reputable respondence and from is that pathetic the thing But

great the calculate difficult to critics. say are writing thosebe There who trying, or thinking keep they on

that are ciannot be not of taught. will belief We they whosenumbers I as trying, of dogTheir am. If brainpower group. the person has a dewriters be daysome known their tenacity ged ideas, depends sufficient recognize to to upon develop and than nothing morepends upon art ideas into the those putting proper of in so sunk having money much

a correof promises is,advance taught. however, can be There form relentventure, or the the upon

success in writing royal road to no any organization.spondence friends. expectation of Good or less there vocation is in other than any more

Yes, I was a sucker too! avocation. psychology tells the promoters

has been Canadian young Note if I carelesscourses read that correspondence of years ago Two studying and YEARS thatTWOthis ENTIRE free instruction offer the advertisement is theyly no a wellworded discouraged. far an would now How inslightly be vast even onerevealing would to me my possiartist, or layer ditch a brick even a sculptor,

bilities jmd explaining that the digger get in two years? "Art is long,"terested.

secret hope of my life could be said the poet. Twenty years of one's life If I ever have a son who conto give creation to the of is not foq much disease, I will tracts thefulfilled. time I had ask him Up to that great story, great one poem, one and some

soul, dollars the sixty he to give peaceful a relativelybeen me to lifetime given a have and men women but I saw no harm in sending for the task. would have paid for a course in

the writing aptitude test. Just "Be Not Faithless But Believing."return for my giving him the

to see what I thought of it. Of instruction. Then I will apTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 355

prpriate the money and forget to by the stories of great writers who exploiting the credulity of men and instruct him. If he would ever have apparently risen in the face women who might become useful

learn to write, this procedure would of every conceivable opposition. in some other occupation.

drive him to it. Similar to taking I have repeatedly encountered in So I offer this dirge before I

a course, this would, rather than popular psychology the suggestion renounce finally all effort toward motivate, aggravate him to writing. that there is enough of the unexcreative writing. (I hope I will be

Now, after two years of effort I plained in genius to reject any able to renounce it!)

find myself wondering why I still theory that greatness can be ac- I would hope to secure the aid persist when I know that I almost quired deliberately. But once I had of the Rockefeller Foundation or

certainly will never become proaccepted my great destiny, no some other philanthropic interest ficient. I do not believe that I was amount of the logical could erase in reprinting this article and disborn to write, nor that I will ever the acceptance. tributing it for en dollars a copy

make a comfortable living at it. There is that illogical thing in order that beginning writers

And I have discovered that much about the attitude of one who hopes would read it at all—to everyone

of it is drudgery, a thing which a to write. It is easy to convince who expects to learn to write.

great many successful writers insist. him he may, but after that impos- I hope they get my theme:

After selfanalysis I confess I sible to show him he will never friends, you can never do it—youhave been considerably influenced write. This multiplies the sin of were not "born to write."

is What "lOCGpftoi*- a Poem, and Why?

are, as language perhaps, to build Here manyTHERE create the harslowly wrought definitions as there of poetry home, and slowly,—allas well.combineMeter,to rhyme,

are individuals who have atFamiliar miracles with seed and monious unity which in this paris striking.tempted to define it, and yet there plowticular poem

remains much still indefinable. The oncedry wastes are fertile valThe author had a thought;

Poetry in all its phases, cannot be leys now. while in her mind it engendered

taught not even explained; it is moods, interpretations, associaso much a thing of spirit and emoHeroes were they, this eager questtions. The motive, combined with

tion as well as form and language. ing line the moods and the associations,

We can, however, try to analyze Of men who perished in a cause created the inspiration which, capthe ends poetry hopes to achieve divine; tured in language, became a poem.

and its means of going about it. Of women, fragile instruments of The meter is deliberate and digfate, nified enough to carry the theme:

Generally, said poetry be may in usher race, strong and a new to To reverent is in deep pride "Such and thebe expression of emotional imstraight; heart, myaginative experience into lanput still leaders, gallant of un- A tribe for land Such thanks this wideguage which makes communication bowed,

possible reader. poet between and I not Of these am I—why should is its of true poetry ability Pride in what? Why giveThe test be proud?

to carry people by the magic of (Rosannah Cannon, The Improvethanks for a wide land? Then

its inspiration and language into ment Era, July, 1931.) "every native thing"has imagery

a sharing of the poet's experience. which compels the reader to go

in Of what is this poem composed, back Let us examine "A Song"as an things of a imaginationland—elementals—beto native and how?example.

ginnings.

First there author's conthe was leaves, 'These these dusty tawny deepSuch and reverent pride is in ception of inspirathe the and poem hills, this stretch plain—of hazy heart, tion her, gave my to which power new

all are vividly descriptive so as to for this time.Such thanks of for expression a land; wide She did

ignite in the reader's unsusmind there see part the not of the is no theme poem depected hills gladness over leaves and bit lines bit velop as the develop; by impassioned soul but raptlyOf my is plain. experience and The

it all she doubtless, before cleaves she saw shared.

a wrote in developword. True, everyTo I feel should not kin to "Why native thing—these ing the for others thought leaves, tawny to read, this is a earth?"dark challenge;

These dusty hills, this hazy stretch new words, images and figures were the rest of the stanza is indisputof plain, employed, but that was for the purable.

of communication, not clarityOctober sun and chill November pose "Familiar seed miracles with and to herself. rain. is a contrasting piercplow"image

great its ing in The of power communication. emotion—motive should I not feel kin to thisWhy is the gratitude, fail poem could to Who know what she theme—of earth? dark it line in line is felt, after felt and in writing of them?

My race it was to which this soul though never mentioned as such. "Heroes were they, this eager,

gave birth; inspiration not works only The questing just colorless line"—not the generalThe sturdy folk I spring from toilthrough plan of the old people of another day. Had

ed and fought poem, but in its specific technique (Continued on Page 3 59)

Quick on By Virginia Cannon Nelson the Pickup

rPHERE is a way to tell a story just as there is a way to make a good composition in a picture or in music.

That way is the art or technique to be used. While stories differ greatly in form the beginner must

bear in mind that there is something to be achieved by his story telling. Poe argued that there was a single

effect to be produced upon the reader and that every "word, every sentence"should contribute to that effect.

The following is a socalled "pattern story."It is presented here in the hope that it will assist somebody to write better stories. While this exact pattern is not followed in every story, every story has a

pattern. The writer must be conscious of this. The pianist must learn the scales and to run them expertly

before she can learn to play; her technique must become a part of her before she can really interpret properly.

Mrs. Nelson states in a letter accompanying her story: "The plot which was given to us in our writing

class was about as follows: 'A college girl named Gail Ashton, of the sophisticated, slightly athletic type,

leaves the Ashton summer home in a nearby canyon in her roadster, to attend a party set for that evening in the city. On the way down she picks up a hiker wearing a college award sweater, who turns out to be an

upperclassman from a New York college, who has been at the C. C. C. Camp. Gail's parents are in town

and it is understood that Gail's brother's evening clothes may be borrowed.'

"The technique we were advised to follow was to open the story with action, followed by a retrospect in which a conflict is introduced, or elaborated upon; then we were to advance the story to a minor climax,still more to a second minor climax, and then to a greater climax—the climax of the first character—and

then we were to finish with the denouement. The point of view was to be that of the principal character."

It might be well to read the story through before observing the notes at the side. Then come back and

read the notes.

ASHTON smoothed a beret down over her right eyebrow, Action—the consettled her G,AILsuede belt more snugly around her trim waistline, and skimmed lightly flict hinted at.

down the steps of the Ashton summer cottage to her roadster. She looked vividly

competent as she swung in at the wheel, put the car in gear, and headed toward the highway. From the porch her brother, Bob, shouted, "Hey! Why don't you go

up to the camp and give some C. C. C. a break?"

Gail slowed up long enough to yell back, "Not a chance! It's the call of the

open road and the first man I run across!"As Bob grinned, she challenged, "What'll

you bet I get a date?"She waved and sped on down the road.

1 HE airy manner Gail affected was an attempt to show a nonchalance Retrospect elaborshe was far from feeling. Her confidence was a pose. It isn't always easy, at least ating upon the probduring the summertime, to secure a partner for the evening at half an hour's notice lem or conflict. Exand that was what Gail had to do in order to attend the Beta Kappa dinner dance, planations make her

the annual summer affair of her sorority. For just a few minutes before the time she subsequent actions

was scheduled to leave Brighton for the city, Bob had arrived and brought word from plausible and not too town that Johnny Cox, escort, would be unable to make the party. This was not objectionable.

the first time her boy friend, Johnny, had let her down. He was a good natured

boy and no doubt kind to his relatives, but his ideas were extremely vague as to promptness and dependability. This attitude had irked Gail before, on many memorable occasions. The fact that Johnny was still out of town, and that a job was a

job in this era of depression, seemed not to alleviate the situation. Gail felt that as

far as she was concerned, he was "washed up."But that didn't solve the problem

of what to do for the party. She couldn't think of skipping it. It was positively

an institution and regarded sacredly. But everyone really eligible had been dated

long ago. All the others were out of town. Gail hated the idea of relatives or of

anyone infantile, but as she drew the line at married men, Bob had seemed the only straw at which to clutch. Bob, however, had slid out of that possibility with

finality. He already had a date and he wouldn't wear a "tux"on a summer night,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 357

anyway. Gail hadn't insisted, for the prospect hadn't appeared so very thrilling to

her, either. And when Bob, probably feeling a trifle remorseful at having been the

bearer of bad news, had made an offer of his own evening clothes to anyone Gail could "shanghai"for the occasion, she had to admit, that at least it was an idea.

After all, the canyon was rather an intimate and well known neighborhood, most of the families having been original settlers who spent each summer together.

She wouldn't be taking much of a risk, for though he proved a stranger, the chances were that the man would be a guest of one of her friends. The probability was that

quite a few would be entertaining weekend guests and that she'd be meeting them on their way up. She resolved she'd hail the first car that offered any kind of a

solution.

V.XAIL surveyed the horizon with interest. The idea of a blind date rather Action resumed

intrigued her. It did offer advantages in the way of duplicating "lines"she previGail is seeking her

ously found to be effective and successful. She wouldn't have to exert herself to opportunity. Cars

a new repertoire of entertainment and she had stored away for future reference what pass without offering should prove to be very delectable. opportunity.

Each bend in the road became a thrill of suspense. Suddenly from down the

road came the sound of a car in gear. Maybe this was her glorious adventure. Gail

tried not to count too much on the possibility and she was right. For, as the car

came near, it turned out to be a strictly family group, children and paper bags very much in evidence. So was the next car and the next. Only once did Gail see a lone

male, but he was both relative and married. It began to look as though a chance

encounter might not even materialize. Between cars, Gail employed the time in wondering just what she'd say to the man, in case she could find one, and how she'd

explain him to her parents in town. It would require great tact in both cases, she

feared. Picking up strangers had been one of the forbidden things. And just how

could one word an invitation to a stranger? Suppose the man turned out to be the

socially impossible kind! Could she laugh it off to the Beta Kappa sisters? So

absorbed was Gail in the possibility that she was completely startled as she rounded a corner, when she came full on a young man sauntering down the road.

VJTAIL quickly applied the brakes and pulled up to his side. The young The opportunity

man looked up as she did so and Gail was agreeably surprised to see that the sweater he presents itself in a wore flaunted on its front a college letter. In fact, three stripes on his left arm conyoung hitchhiker.

firmed her impression that he was a "letter"man. In that instant she also noted

that his eyes were nice; all ready to crinkle with laughter. They did so, as Gail,

adjusting her hat a trifle farther over her right eyebrow, said carelessly, "May I take you somewhere?"

The road hiker's response was immediate and whole hearted. "Anywhere, lady;

anywhere,"he assured her.

Gail experienced immediate relief. He looked so "darned"eligible; good looking, good humored, and like a pretty smooth dancer, if she could judge at all by his

athletic build and the easy way he slid in beside her. Moreover, he looked to be just

about Bob's rangy height; huskier, of course, but the "tux"might fit at that.

Aloud Gail began, "Young man, will you tell me why on a canyon road, you Action resumed waste all the refulgence of that college award sweater? Just suppose I hadn't hapShe has picked up her

be along topened impressed!"what will

the Pickup "Lady,"assured her, "hope springs eternal in the breasts of young man—nowresult?

men. I wore that sweater 'a purpose to save wear and tear on my shoes the ten or

twelve miles to town."

"Fresh!"interposed Gail. "Just fresh, is the answer. Well, we stop right

here, and we'll see how far that supreme conceit of yours gets you with the next lady driver who comes along. I'm too fed up now on these contented men—."

Before Gail could pretend to carry out her threat, the man interrupted her coaxingly with, "Ah, lady, don't say you didn't notice my smile. Why, that smile is

supposed to be a graduation certificate from Salesmanship 2 course. It is supposed

to be foolproof and guaranteed to have no doors slammed in my face. Lady, if youonly knew what your testimonial would mean to me—"and he raised his eyes heavenward.

"Just spare me the details, this time, Stranger. Your smile is as good as a ride to

town,"said Gail. "Anyway, there was a reason for this madness, and said reason

still remains. Otherwise, your person, for aught to me, would still be trudging down

this long, long trail."

"So there is a reason,"echoed the Pickup. "And I always thought that reason

for things, as far as women were concerned, went out of style along with hoop skirts!"358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

"There is a reason,"firmly reiterated Gail, "and I may as well tell you right now that you're going to have to pay for your ride. That's what!"

"Go on, 'Olivia,'I am following you,"urged the erstwhile hiker. "I have

been known ere this as a man who pays and pays. But the conditions, woman, the

he coaxed. "If it is running out of gas you contemplate; as a fullconditions—,"

back, I'm a good pusher."

"Wrong again,"laughed Gail; "but know, then, that I am a woman deserted; Another minor cli-

a woman let down at the last moment, so to speak, with the Beta Kappa dinnerdance max—he has heard

scheduled for the evening. You are not going to be asked to accompany me. You her proposition, what

are going to be commanded. If you happen to be married, or engaged for the evewill be his reply?

ning, just break it to me gently and let me down by degrees. Any other objection

I guarantee shall be overcome. If you've only your khaki along with you, we can

ease you into my brother Bob's evening clothes. It will all be perfectly proper, the

parents being at home and everything. Well, what do you say? Better think fast,

if you want to slide out, now."

VV ELL, for the first time since coming to Utah, I confess I am stumped for a reply. It looks as though there's just no way out of it,"he went on teasingly, "and I'll have to give in and go with, you. I just can't seem to think of a good

excuse, offhand."

"Then,"said Gail relievedly, "maybe it would be a good idea, now that that's settled, for you to tell me your name and your political party. It won't take us long

to arrive home, and the family are just the kind that expect to be introduced."

I hail, as you have no doubt divined by my twang, fromWright—Dick,"The full toname,"you. her companion said impressively, "is Richard Aldington

your own state. The political powers that be, plus Dad's drag with them, have

given him a job in New York the last four years and me a slant at New York U.

Hence the sweater."

"And your job here?"catechized Gail.

"Oh, just some more government drag, this time with the C. C. C. officers, and

a chance to put some good red corpuscles in my emaciated body,"Dick answered with a grin. "It was the family's idea of a vacation."

By the time they had reached the point of the mountain, where the road leads swiftly down into the valley below, with the lake in the west, like a romantically colored backdrop to the symmetrical scene of the city, Gail's anticipation of the delights of the party had mounted to a rapture. Everything seemed to have taken

fragrant, still eveon a glamorous aspect—a glamor partly due to summertime, and

nings; a glamor, partly of youth and heady emotions; but a glamor mainly due to

—laughing,the arresting picturedaring, inplaying.Gail's mindGail'sof thoughtsmusic, dancing,grew dreamyand a darkand headromantic.bent toTheirhers

bantering mood had passed. Their silence grew expressive.

Gail suddenly became conscious of the lapse in their conversation and of the fixity of Dick's eyes upon her. She tried to evade their serious import by resuming

their light repartee, but Dick ignored it.

JdETTER pull over to the side of the road, Gail. I've got something on Something wrong

my mind."pull asks Gail to

side the the of Gail obeyed. She tried to say lightly, "Ah, I suppose you want to retract.—heover to

Tired of your bargain already! Well,"she was trying to laugh, "unburden yourroad. What's in the

self. Women have been let down before this and have survived."She knew she was air?

being tantalizing and rather enjoyed it.

Dick grinned. "Woman's intuition speaking, I presume,"he said drily. "Well,

as the Walrus said, I fear the time has come. The heroine has just given the villain

his cue, which is 'Goodbye'and exit from the stage."

"I think,"said Gail, puzzled, "you must have left out some lines. The script

doesn't sound very coherent."

"Well, maybe I can rehearse them for you,"said Dick meekly. 'The villain Dick confesses

firstaspired of the to the heroine the at the of summer, beginning story—the in fact. What will Gail do? distance he ever time speaking of got within every course, for wouldn't know that,You

of her, she had so many swains in tow, she couldn't even see him, literally or figuratively. Well, the villain still pursued.

Incredulous, Gail stared at him. "Your play's no good,"she scoffed. "Do you

think I could ever have forgotten you, if I had once seen you."

"But that's just it,"said Dick, "you couldn't even see me. Well, the last act

is about to begin. The villain gets word he must ankle immediately to New York.

He is desperate. He wants the heroine to fall for him in a big way, for he contemplates an early and permanent return to Utah and he wants to stake a claim before he

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 359 departs. So he and a confederate,—Bob Ashton, your amiable brother by the

way, concoct a plot. They send a fake message to the heroine that her hero, one

Johnny Cox, will be unable to attend the ball with her. Then, the villain plants

himself down the road and lies in wait, aha, for the heroine. Lousy stunt, wasn't

it?"Gail was still having a difficult time to follow the explanation. "And supposing I hadn't stopped to pick you up?"she queried; "weren't you betting big odds?"

"Nope, gambling's usually crooked—'that was all provided for,"said Dick. "In It's all over—the

case I thought you weren't slowing down, I was to signal you and pretend I had story just flatted out it? Let'sturned my ankle or something. Then, we figured, I'd have about ten miles to make—but did

myself so endearing to you that you'd be willing to duck your dancing party and go see what happens.

to the Hermitage for dinner with me. In the meantime, though your Cox friend

put in an appearance, it wouldn't matter, for we'd be away by then. Very sporting,

wasn't it? I nearly lost heart on the highway when I heard your Chev. coming down

the road. But it was my last chance, so I looked at you as wistfully as I could. But

I amgosh, you've been so swell about it that I can't go through with it,—and here

going honest on you!"

VJTAIL forced herself to say lightly, "Don't take it so hard, partner.

Next time, just carry a little bottle of ammonia with you, though. Some of these

maidens, you know, might unwittingly faint on your hands, from disappointment.

And you really should be able to see them through in your best fullback fashion."

All the while she was trying to stifle the flat feeling of being let down. She tried to

say brightly, "Well, shall we get on? My Cox friend will be arriving, with me in

the cold cream stage, if I don't hurry."(Just as though she cared—now!) Then

Gail suggested to him, "You'll come in for a moment and meet the family, won't you? I'd really like you to."

"Oh, I'd rather not, if you don't mind,"said Dick. "Even a villain, I believe,

has some kind of a code."

"Please do,"insisted Gail, "it's the one thing that you can do for me; and after

all you really owe me something to make up for the disappointment, you know."

vJTAIL started the car, and in a very short time, or so it seemed to both The denouement of them, they were at Gail's front door. things do get on after

The house, after the brightness outside, seemed quiet and deserted. "Oh, Mothall. We're afraid

er,"called Gail, "where are you all?"Johnny Cox has

At Gail's call an upstairs door opened and her mother came out on the balcony missed a date just and leaned over the bannister. "Oh hello, Gail,"she answered, and then as she once too many times.

peered down she added, "I expected you sooner. I'd been wondering what on earth

you were going to do about tonight. But I see you already have a young man with

you. Johnny Cox phoned an hour ago from Evanston that he couldn't make it for

the party tonight."

Gail looked at Dick. He nodded. She remembered what he had said about his

smile, and believed him.

"Mother,"laughed Gail, "come on down and let me present Dick—Mr. Wright—properly. You know you've always said I'm quick to pick up things."

The End

possibilities—thatWhat is a Poem, intraintheofimaginationglorious admiration.of the reader a is, the ability to be relived in memory or anticipaThe final lines, "A tribe of galtion—it can be made the motiveand Why? lant leaders, still unbowed, Of of a poem.

rise climax to a of proud?"a sense to reader undepoet must carry- (Continued from Page 355) these am I—why should I not be But always the message from the reader beauty; niable power and excitement, of discovery, communshe said "Heroes were they, this has been made to live in the light ication, understanding. That this

weary burdened line,"would there of the poet's imaginative experience, may be achieved there must be have been vigor in the verse? What and carried to heights of emotional motive, inspiration, form and techwill allpower ages do the words eager and unity the through who they may result in

have!questing of a heritage of are proud and B. the nique—togethera poem. E. T.

In the line "Of women, fragile line from which they came.

instruments of fate,"unerring felicSome few subjects are better fitNext month poems from new ity is shown in the choice of words. ted to prose than poetry, but usuwriters will be printed in this deFragile, in this connection, ignites ally if a theme has imaginative partment.

W&M>

his Reynolds, checkered through Dr. Brimhall Louise career we by Alice J. Golden Kimball man

at sayings leading us pithy professor of English Brigham upon his come Young

By Claude Richards into his tabernacle sermons which have University, who of all his friends been selected with great care for their probably knew and understood him

Deseret News Press, Salt Lake City, wit and wisdom. best.

Utah, 1934: 398 pp. $2.50 The book is substantially bound in This is the sort of book missionaries,

SOMEunderyearsthe title,ago a "Thebook Witappearedand redbeautifulcloth stampedlibrary book.in gold, Itmakingis printedit a ficerspublicasspeakers,well as Dr.teachers,Brimhall'spresidingformerofWisdom of Woodrow Wilson."in large type, with plenty of white students and friends would love to

That book presented the War space showing, on eggshell book paper, have at hand.

President in his easiest as well as his making it easily read. The first edition made possible

loftiest moments. Claude Richards, While the voice of the speaker is not through the fine cooperation of the

author of this new book about the Senheard in the volume those who have Deseret Book Company will be of ior of the First Seven Presidents of heard him can easily supply that detail 1000 volumes, a large share of which

Seventy, might well have used some as they read these faithfully reported were sold before publication date.such title for his volume—"The Wit sermons which have taken hold of the

and Wisdom of J. Golden Kimball,"hearts of thousands during the past Books

years. sixty or this fifty sidesfor in the the of volume many J. Poulsen Ezra By volume becomes a crowning The are evangelist well deftlybeloved and

If dirty like are windows. laurel for wreath has given "DOOKS a man who will a thatpresented, volume making

reflect a blurred they or cheap, and J. his life to his people. thoseever be treasured by know who

if clean, distorted vision; of high and enjoyed to be Kimball, andGolden by

those who have never met the man but Sermonettes quality, they reflect the sunshine of truth. his great heart his heard ofhave and Brimhall, George H. By the like choice choice of books, The tongue.ready

late President of Emeritus Bri'gham friends, reveals the extent of only not statements the of used Mr. by One University, Provo, Utah, Young with culture, influences one's the of but title the the of pageRichards book on brief a President S. Introduction F. by life, entire course one's consequently ofsets the tone Kimball's President of Harris, a brief and biography Proby the a choice should be with such made is life this a of andwhole which book fessor Alice Louise Reynolds; Brigham treasgreatest care. be should Books life: hisreflection the "I love of peoPress, University Provo, Utah, Young as as teachers, friends, consulted ured

I say, people.ple save the and God Deseret Salt and Company, Lake Book guides. relied as and on can without do them?"HeWhat City. is great the giving passport book A is five parts: divided into book The

an introduction to the book and to 'THOUSANDS of men and women admittance into the inner chambers of

President Kimball; the biography, told throughout the intermountain the mind of a great man or woman.

used, it should not Accordingly be listened in President;largely attention Kimball's have with rapt own West

rebe should abused, and there many late taken Presto Dr. pithy sermons; Georgewords H. Brimhall, from his

sayings and stories along the way made ident Emeritus of Brigham Young turn visits in order that the contacts up of stories told by President Kimball, University, while he has delivered scores between reader and author may ripen and tributes to him from friends; his of his fourminute chapel talks. These into a lasting friendship.

tabernacle talks; a complete list of subtalks, always replete with apt illustraheadings used by the author of the tion and striking epigram, impressed "As a Man Thinketh y So

book making the contents immediately those who heard them so profoundly is He"available to the reader or the student; that there has been a constant demand

and a complex index. for them in printed form. By Melba Webb Herbert

In addition there is a full page picBefore his death, Dr. Brimhall asTHOUGHT is more powerful than

ture of President Kimball and seven sembled these talks and left them in electricity. Therefore, control

pages of pictures of members of his manuscript form to the Brigham Young your thoughts and you have the secret family including his parents. University with which he had been of success, both in this life and the

The book evidences the fact that connected ever since its founding, as next. Pure, clean, progressive thinkClaude Richards, its author, has made student, teacher, president, and Presing is one's invisible power.

an exhaustive study of everything perident Emeritus. Since his death these Before anything can happen or be

taining to his subject. With a suprising talks have been studied and approxicreated it is first a thought, so if you

facility he has made President Kimball mately 100 of them have been brought have an ambition, hold a clear vision tell his own story throughout the bitogether in a beautifully bound book. of yourself in that position and have

ography. The author has used only The talks have been slightly edited. the faith that urges one to work and

enough words to introduce what his However only those things pertaining your righteous desires will not be in subject has had to say about various directly to the day upon which they vain.

phases of his long and eventful life. were given have been removed. They Beware of negative thoughts such

We behold President Kimball as a stand in the book almost as the master as, fear, doubt, selfishness, hate, critical boy growing to manhood, as a pioneer left them. They are full of striking of others, revenge; they are snares in

in Bear Lake Valley, at the logging metaphor, telling illustration, and your path that tear down one's percamp, as missionary and finally as a powerful though hidden lessons. sonality.

member of the First Seven Presidents To these sermonettes have been You cannot be your best unless you of Seventy. added a brief introduction by President think your best, because:

After we have followed the boy and Franklin S. Harris, and a biography of "As a man thinketh, so is he."

.......:::

LIGHTS anc SHADOWS on the SCREEN "THE Preview Committees of both SPRINGTIME FOR HENRY (Fox):

1 East and West Coasts have comRomantic, satirical farce, with some piled lists of pictures of the first four good comedy but no sparkle. Adults

months of 1934 which are suitable for and Young People who like this type.

family audiences. Perhaps if you reSTRICTLY DYNAMITE (jR. K. O.):

quested local exhibitors to show those Behind the scenes radio story, with among the pictures which have not alDurante's absurdities too many to be ready been exhibited you would find funny. Children would be bored.

yourselves better satisfied with the You're Telling Me (Par.)

screen fare at your disposal. Small town inventor is boosted into

1. Alice in Wonderland (Par.). success and prominence by intervention

2. Before the White Man Came. of a princess. Funny of its type for

(Astor) Adults and Adolescents.

3. David Harum (Fox). STINGAREE (R. K. O.): A Robin

4. The Dream of my People (PalHood bandit sort of thing, with some

estimeAmerican) dizzying changes of scenery and Irene 5. Harold Teen (Warners). Dunne not up to her usual style.

6. The House of Rothschild (20th Adults and Young Adults.

Century) We're Not Dressing (Par.): A

7. I Am Suzanne (Fox). lighthearted musical comedy, utterly

8. Midshipman Jack (R. K. CO. nonsensical and implausible, but tune-

9. Mr. Skitch (Fox) MISS JEAN MUIR, WHO PLAYS THE LEAD IN ful and clean in theme except for some

10. No Greater Glory (Columbia) "AS THE EARTH TURNS"minor vulgarities and unnecessary

11. The Poor Rich (Universal). For the benefit of M. I. A. visitors at drinking. Not for children, but rest of

12. The Quitter (Chesterfield). June Convention, the Paramount manFamily.

to this picture agreed run has 13. Sixteen Fathoms Deep (Monagement Amaz- (R. K.O.): Cargo Wild on the 7th, 9th 8th. June. and ofogram) trapping and scenes ing of trailing,

14. Smoky (Fox). As the Earth Turns (Warners) caging fierce wild animals, with de15 T Sorrell and Son (United ArThis story pictures, with simplicity lightful comedy with pelicans, baby

tists'Release) and sincerity, the dependence on the bears and monkeys. Family.

16. Straightaway (Columbia). soil and conflict with nature of three The Black Cat (Universal):

17. Sweden, Land of Vikings New England families. It moves in Gruesome mystery adequately told and

(John W. Boyle) a leisurely fashion, as does the book, well filmed; entertaining for Adults

18. This Side of Heaven (M. G. through the four seasons of a year, who like the kind. Not for children.

M.). it lies in not traceable and a charm (Par.) Weird Double Door The 19. (Par.). Herd Thundering to alone the beautiful photography, tries spinster embittered story of who: 20. Every Can't Buy You thing (M, fine sensitive directing, acting or but others. to the of happiness Some wreck

G. M.). as well to a spirit of peace which is interesting characterizations for Adults

21. (R. O.). K. Cargo Wild a in delightful picture. moving The Adults. and Young 22. the Earth Turns. As this taken from was book which was (Warners) Frisco Fog Over

I. for course reading an A. volume M. girl society irresponsible Story of an

season. past Family. Previews Reviews and of herself implicates a with gang who IN Im- (M. G.M.): WHITE theMEN death. crooks her Adults meets and

: life, (Fox) brilpressive story hospital of Enemies All Are Men detective like Adults Young who feels story a liantly executed, of young of man who withThe moments inandstories.

allthat seek lightly tensity to and relieved mold make comedy men by

: (Warners) HER WAS HE MAN tries escape others'to liveseach for touches. and Ethical confusion young

them by running away. The world people is probable, but the picture is Plot and counterplot, cheap love and

war calls him back and he finds himwell done for Adults. real love, false standards and true

inwith the drama, make: standards theself in than binding a net more (Columbia) Party's Over The

interestFairly out. tegrity winning isfirst. done, picture charmingly the uselessness of The young man sees A

and excellent for Adults and Young trying to support a flock of parasitical ing for Adults and Young Adults.

Adults. relatives, and goes forth to further his I'll Tell the World (Univ.);

GLAMOUR (Universal): This life's ambition, with more than averNewspaper melodrama telling an imsomewhat involved story of a woman's age entertainment value for Family. plausible story of intrigue connected

allure and success is not quite believable SIDE STREETS (Warners): Story with the attempted return of a queen

nor satisfying; however it has lovely of a greathearted woman's struggle to her people. Adults and Young

scenes of delicacy and suspense, and is for happiness, Aline MacMahon makAdults, if they like the type.

appealing in spots for Adults and ing the character believable. Adults. Journal of a Crime (Warners);

Young Adults. Success At Any Price (R. K. Psychological study of a woman's

Laughing Boy (M. G. M.): In O.): With the ruthless struggle for crime. Suspense held up until the end.

this familiar story of the differing stanmoney and power as its theme, the Adults.

dards of Red man and White, tragedy story is unhappy and even sordid in Moon Over Morocco (French follows, with an almost too heavy places, with a strange anticlimax at Production): Photographed in the

result. Not for Children, but others the end. Not for Children. actual locale, the picture is interesting

might enjoy it. THE MERRY FRINKS (Warners): in its record of strange ceremonials,

Little Miss Marker (Par.): A Rollicking, boisterous comedy of three sports, chants, white robes, fluttering

delightful bit of refreshing hokum, children at cross purposes with imheadgears, mysterious background and blending fantasy and realism, and told possible set of elders. Amusing if you rhythmical accompaniment. Story

with fine shading of pathos and like hokum and slapstick. Adults and unconvincing and exaggerated. Not

comedy. Adults and Adolescents. Young Adults. for Children.

mmmwSwimMimmi::::: f "::::::..::.'.:; WMmmmmmmmsm: ':''[:-:rr?;;<;.?< i v:: -.: v----.=:

his Reynolds, checkered Louise Brimhall through Dr. career we by Alice /. Golden Kimball man

us sayings leading at pithy of English professor Brigham upon his come Young

By Claude Richards into his tabernacle sermons which have University, who of all his friends been selected with great care for their probably knew and understood him

Deseret News Press, Salt Lake City, wit and wisdom. best.

Utah, 1934: 398 pp. $2.50 The book is substantially bound in This is the sort of book missionaries,

SOMEunderyearsthe title,ago a "Thebook Witappearedand redbeautifulcloth stampedlibrary book.in gold, Itmakingis printedit a ficerspublicasspeakers,well as Dr.teachers,Brimhall'spresidingformerofWisdom of Woodrow Wilson."in large type, with plenty of white students and friends would love to

That book presented the War space showing, on eggshell book paper, have at hand.

President in his easiest as well as his making it easily read. The first edition made possible

loftiest moments. Claude Richards, While the voice of the speaker is not through the fine cooperation of the

author of this new book about the Senheard in the volume those who have Deseret Book Company will be of ior of the First Seven Presidents of heard him can easily supply that detail 1000 volumes, a large share of which

Seventy, might well have used some as they read these faithfully reported were sold before publication date.such title for his volume—"The Wit sermons which have taken hold of the

and Wisdom of J. Golden Kimball,"hearts of thousands during the past Books

years. sixty or this fifty sidesfor in the the of volume many J. Poulsen Ezra By a crowning volume becomes The are well evangelist deftlybeloved and

like If dirty are windows. laurel for has given OOOKS wreath a man who will apresented, that volume making

reflect a they blurred or cheap, and J. his life to his people. thoseever be treasured by who know

if clean, vision; distorted of high and to be Kimball, enjoyed byGolden and

those who have never met the man but Sermonettes quality, they reflect the sunshine of truth. his his great heart heard of andhave Brimhall, George H. By like the choice choice of books, The tongue.ready

late President of Emeritus Brigham friends, reveals the of extent not only of statements used the Mr. by One University, Utah, with Provo, Young influences culture, the one's of but title the the ofRichards page book on brief a S. President Introduction F. life, by entire of consequently one's coursesets the Kimball's President of tone Harris, a brief biography and Proby a the choice such should be with made is life this a of which andwhole book fessor Alice Louise Reynolds; Brigham greatest care. treasbe should Books life:reflection the his "I peolove of

Press, University Utah, Provo, Young friends, teachers, as as consulted ured

I say, people. theple save and God Deseret Salt and Lake Book Company, relied as guides. and on can without do them?"HeWhat City. is great passport the giving book A is five parts: into divided book The

an introduction to the book and to THOUSANDS of men and women admittance into the inner chambers of

President Kimball; the biography, told throughout the intermountain the mind of a great man or woman.

used, Accordingly it should be not attention listenedlargely have in President Kimball's with rapt own West rebe should abused, and there many late to Dr. Prestaken pithy sermons; George H. Brimhall,words from his

sayings and stories along the way made ident Emeritus of Brigham Young turn visits in order that the contacts up of stories told by President Kimball, University, while he has delivered scores between reader and author may ripen and tributes to him from friends; his of his fourminute chapel talks. These into a lasting friendship.

talks, talks; repletetabernacle a complete always list of subwith apt illustra- "As a Man Thinketh So striking epigram, the tion used impressedheadings of the author and by

book making the contents immediately those who heard them so profoundly is He"available to the reader or the student; that there has been a constant demand

and a complex index. for them in printed form. By Melba Webb Herbert

In addition there is a full page picBefore his death, Dr. Brimhall as- "THOUGHT is more powerful than

ture of President Kimball and seven sembled these talks and left them in electricity. Therefore, control

pages of pictures of members of his manuscript form to the Brigham Young your thoughts and you have the secret family including his parents. University with which he had been of success, both in this life and the

The book evidences the fact that connected ever since its founding, as next. Pure, clean, progressive thinkClaude Richards, its author, has made student, teacher, president, and Presing is one's invisible power.

an exhaustive study of everything perident Emeritus. Since his death these Before anything can happen or be

taining to his subject. With a suprising talks have been studied and approxicreated it is first a thought, so if you

facility he has made President Kimball mately 100 of them have been brought have an ambition, hold a clear vision tell his own story throughout the bitogether in a beautifully bound book. of yourself in that position and have

ography. The author has used only The talks have been slightly edited. the faith that urges one to work and

enough words to introduce what his However only those things pertaining your righteous desires will not be in subject has had to say about various directly to the day upon which they vain.

phases of his long and eventful life. were given have been removed. They Beware of negative thoughts such

We behold President Kimball as a stand in the book almost as the master as, fear, doubt, selfishness, hate, critical boy growing to manhood, as a pioneer left them. They are full of striking of others, revenge; they are snares in

in Bear Lake Valley, at the logging metaphor, telling illustration, and your path that tear down one's percamp, as missionary and finally as a powerful though hidden lessons. sonality.

member of the First Seven Presidents To these sermonettes have been You cannot be your best unless you of Seventy. added a brief introduction by President think your best, because:

After we have followed the boy and Franklin S. Harris, and a biography of "As a man thinketh, so is he."

.

Ages Number evil, decisions, for for both good and Topic for Melchizedek! 9| fall period. the adolescent within What

is are this ask. period? we What Priesthood -10 Group 9

-11 12 of it? Since the signs and symptoms

37 Meeting the to selfcontrol, leads -12 knowledge -13 32] -14 52] facts are important. following

-15 {See Quorum Bulletin, 2nd Quarter.) 46! life the time is sure In all forms of -16 59147| -17 to come when a great change transforms

60 -18 the outlook of things for each indi- -19 June—Second Week 48

47 -20 vidual. Up to this point the body has From Fourteen to Twenty 34 -21 been growing continuously. It has

15 -22 after taken nourishment, has developed -23 11 special permissionBy of Ginn & Co., 4|—24 its ancestors, the fashion been of has Publishers Generation,"of Next "The AGE OF CONVERSION its influenced environment, has and by Francis Jewett, Gulick 18 Chapterby

become vigorous or frail according as girls general in that also show They the health conditions of food of and for gathering the sake of 1897,TN earlier than at age decisions an made its have developfavored or hindered facts, a Dr. Gulick wrote Luther H. girls is did. because young This boys ment. letter a in large asked which group he of than usually are mature boys more this step for process of goes Each on definite certain questions.of men age. the same all is definite it a length time. of But folthese questions the wereAmong

it the at preparation, mere for of end Ages Number lowing:

every creature survives that childhood 71age were what you first deeply 1 At 51enters proves the most to be on what -10 affected 81religious influences? by its history. era in -11 significant 12!—

-12 2. At what age did you become a 37|—this the Until of nadawn new era, 32|—-13 Christian?

cells -14 ture are the in germ not found 511- -15 3. At what age did you unite with 54|—growing body. the however, Now, -1 661—the Church? special material -17 been there has which 49|—

57!—letter of his sent to the was A copy

general secretary of each Men's Young 43 44 1——-2019 -18 body,since birth,as it developsbecomesin active,new directions,and the

-21 Christian Association to accommodates the deits growing -22 in the United 45|—17it.States and in Canada. cells place mands which germ upon 11 -23

Five hundred and ninety answers 12—24

25 Number Ages back. Dr.came Gulick studied these 1331—26

-10 506| carefully, all answers put of the same -11 511| AGE OF JOINING THE CHURCH kind together, made out tables of clas12791 -12 sified figures, and printed them for the There are also tables of choices of 201164919| -13 -14 benefit investigators. of other 2199| He was the sort. studied Gulick Dr. another

251R| -15—16 asas surprised anyone at what pauperism, given he report crime on and -17 24351

found. the of United Census in the Eleventh

-19 28961—2073J he anreport made From this 33061 -20Number Ages States.

-21 35681 statistical tables. set of other 5| 6 3920! -22

7| 7 age the average that These show 4076|- -23 20! 36501—24 at the in time prison of those were who13| 3587| -2545|- -10 the twentyreports out were was made 3161! -26

-1114 28761 -27 is this older years. three so much Now69 -12 -28 8181—in46 given -13 the conversion of period than 2592! -29

66 -14 if -30 31051 tables, that the previous wonder we50 -15 -31 18381 life later in are evil decisions for made44 20671 -32 45 -16—17 says 1727! for those Gulick Dr. good. than—33

-1831 16291 -34 the reports the not do show when men -1923 -35 20631 -2013! in "averthe that prison, put but were -36 1596J -21HI 12631 -37 a to prison sentence of length age man's -22 14361 -38 1—23 is in years,"that America and 4.07 we -39 12341

-40 17441 average, half the that, assume on AGE OF RELIGIOUS INTEREST may 8221—41 exthese sentences of of the had men 42 9611 -43 794! the vast pired. average in the that showed This The tables "would make

632! -44 majority of cases prison, special the choice of the one on entering maximum 1042i which turned the lives of the men upgroup, twentyone instead of twentyAGE-45OF IMPRISONMENT ward instead of downward was made three years."Then he adds, "If now This table shows the total number of criminals for

each were the fortyyear who between ages of ten and these thebetween could find age at which the ages of fourteen and we five years. prisoners of Both reformatory inmates andtwenty. individuals to prison were committed institutions were fiqures included. the The on

Since such tables are even more infor their first crime, it would be much indicate the ages. The figures on the left indicaterightthe

of age; persons of number the given thatteresting yet, this is impossible people than to their younger to young but and

years"old, Were ten 506 who whois,werethereelevenwere 511 elders, they here conjecture."in full. to are given years etc. old, must be left He closes

Other tables illustrate the same point. by saying, "The tremendous fact reMr. Starbuck gathered material and mains that more individuals take to For human beings no period of life

made out charts both for men and for criminal life at twenty or under than is more full of fateful import than the women. These show the same general at any or all other periods of life comyears between fourteen and twenty.

facts which Dr. Gulick brought out. bined."His claim indeed is that first When the era opens, the person is a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 363

simple child with childish thoughts, They take to smoking not because the sympathy for those who suffer, grows childish interests and ambitions. When odor or the taste or the sight of tobacco ambitious to excel in all lines of enthe era ends, the person has become a pleases them, but simply because just deavor, sometimes takes the highest

man with his greatest decisions of life now smoking seems to them a great rank in her classes, is in danger of living already made, with the destiny of the and manly deed. The mere fact that under high nervous pressure, and must

rest of his life practically settled. And a boy begins to smoke in his teens be protected against herself by those

this spiritual development goes parallel shows that he is passing through the to whom she is dearest.

with a development of the body. period of life when he wishes to be It is during these same years that

Each organ, bone, and muscle now counted manly. Almost unconsciously girls dream daydreams and are tempted

speeds its growing. Arms and legs he aims for the admiration of his felto overdo the reading of fiction. Much

stretch out so far that sometimes they lows. Sometimes he is even lawless for reading of this kind is harmful, beseem altogether too long. For boys the same reason. cause it abnormally stimulates the imthe shoulders broaden, the back grows Friends who watch the changing boy agination and the emotions. Girls as

stronger, the jaw is firmer, the biceps wait anxiously for the outcome. Somewell as boys meet strong temptations

and other muscles grow bigger. In times he himself is perplexed. He during these years; girls as well as boys

every physical direction of height, should be told that, whether he wills make or mar their future by the deweight, and strength, the body clearly it so or not, he himself is the prophet cisions made just now.

indicates that it is preparing for maof his own future. He must know Indeed, no transformation of chryturity- that while imagination and ambition salis into butterfly is ever more wonAll these changes are, in point of have their hold on the rudder of his derful than this change of human beings

craft, selfcontrol fact, the physical stand to manhood. gateway power and will to childhood manhood from and womis there, that, forget developing Nature the high- a man, not too. He must essential that It is therefore anhood.

for for evil, character evolution, est product or develops of good one who will cells like as fast as the of ancestor others multiply, become and that, by mationthose whoshouldpass havethroughno falsethe transfornotions himself. his own choosing, he himself decides about it. For some the change comes

The transformation is just as real what the nature of his character deearlier, for some later; for some one

for a girl. Her form grows rounder; velopment shall be. kind of temptation is strongest, for

her voice becomes sweeter and richer. During this adolescent period girls others another kind of temptation. But,

Everything points to maturity. Her find themselves more selfconscious than whether one experience comes or ancells too are preparing themselves for formerly, more subject to the blues, other, whether life turns this way or

a next generation. more given to reverie, more critical of that, the adolescent era and all that

In the meantime, for boys and girls themselves and others. Often they are goes with it is part of the universal

alike, the emotional nature keeps step shy and awkward, while at the same life of humanity, and it is during this with the physical. Every sense grows time some of them giggle at everything era that decisions count for most.

more keen, more alert. New sensations and at nothing. In fact giggling is one At the close of this chapter come

are at hand, new ambitions, new hopes, of the symptoms of their shyness. They two quoted conclusions:

new fears. Some are so intense that begin to think more about their clothes, 1. "The period of special instathe youth hardly knows himself, while their looks, and their manners, and bility of the moral life is the adolescent

imagination seems to lead the way with about boys and what will please them. period."

a flaming torch. Nothing is beyond Some girls become unexpectedly for- 2. "This is the period in which the

its reach. ward; others find themselves sensitive moral surroundings of the individual Boys now read tales of great adand tearful—so much so that their parshould be most carefully guarded. It

venture and count themselves the equal ents and friends sigh anfcl exclaim, is the stormand-stress period. It is

of the heroes. They study science with "What in the world is the matter with the period during which life's moral

enthusiasm. Machinery of every sort her? She doesn't seem at all like herfiber is usually formed."fascinates them—wireless telegraphy self lately."For these reasons, then, those who

and the telephone, steam engines, and Let no one worry, least of all the find themselves within the zone of the girl herself. the aeroplane. will to wish period of change They The know they years are wise adolescent when

is, it really after a to an end; life comes from, where and while what come that strengthens to everything she attend

and what relation the generations of the will lose whatever she may now have body, mind, and will power.* Habits

past bear to those of the future. It is of unusual boldness or of awkwardness, both good and bad, habits of health

shyness, giggles,just tears. of that passions of or of strong. For, become now reverse, character, the or of formed and

is all, It despite years during these that she even meet them boys grows now all until will, likelihood, in hold now life. constantly the great attractive in of temptations appearsome more of it of destiny the death. is that Thus

it their If ance craft they in steady as can keep manner. more and winsome life the does depend not man's upon

is whirls She years, the adolescent through becoming more and womanly as Fates, the thought, but ancients day. She cares day by they may be trusted to guide it safely gracious his more upon own choices, during the adothereafter. others, for the welfare of feels more lescent years.

side great every subjects appeal On his prospects future send He may to the imagination spread and themthe to according or upward downward These Ponder Ideas Twoselves eager before the gaze of boys will. his decisions unhindered of And, everything, to first God, under really to the begin grasp TRUSTwho else, serious anything than more

habit, all life ages, in of splendor which, the their years during upon it denot, wills in so or he whether as lawgiver, as rapid well the schoolmaster,of change. the time same At fate, his in ciding his forming own hasthese his fast placed mainly that so boys grow hands and reliance,—habit, habits, the decides habits often he own

feet to easy, in which everything casts the are be seem and makes way. They settles fate his descendants the of and

all difficulties in the presence older deviation the of peoawkward upon from for yet generations to come.

girls.ple the course."of begin and wonted to shave Brougham. They Lord deals chapter of one with next The

their to thinkand personal about more is the the approximation T-TABIT of these habits habit which (smoking)—aappearance. to wish such They do It organic. to the animal gystem is affect to able the future welfare of

asthings seem manly. most is a confession in the highest of failure for generations, this reason cannot and

It is this during period that many being, function of involves which as this. a be such ignored by a book

if areboys, scientific they ignorant of full in selfdetermination, perpetual facts about tobacco, begin to smoke. view of all existing circumstances."*For fact about will power see "Control

They do this innocently, not knowing Holmes. of Body and Mind,"Chaps. XXV and

about the harm which may follow. XXVII.

Cache Stake Reports Success that the Church meet together often lovest thou me? Peter was grieved

and also see that all members do their because he said unto him the third time, in Aaronic Priesthood duty."—Doc. and Cov. 20. lovest thou me? And he said unto

Ward Teaching Again the Lord says, "And I give him, Lord thou knowest all things;

thou that thee. Jesus knowest unto a that you commandment, you President By M. Everton W. him, unto sheep."Feed teach the one another the saith doctrine of I mylove of the Stake Presidency properly the great duties perform teach diligently kingdom; ye To and my

"THE stake and ward Aaronic Priestgrace shall attend you, that you may be of ward teacher requires: the authority

hood supervisors are the ones who instructed more perfectly in theory, in of the priesthood; a knowledge of the

are directly responsible for the work of principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel; a love for the work, and a

the acting teachers in the Cache Stake. gospel, in all things that pertain unto determination to do one's duty.

With these men in charge it is easily the kingdom of God, that are expedient understood teachers priests are Your and Bank why for to you understand."—Doc. and first callgiven of when members new 78. Cov. 88:77, Parks By W. Alonzo

the acting teachers force are needed. have account an with a Bank it Is of Test reasonLove. not A VOU ofMembers the PriestMelchizedek

fail. will pass ablefor us to never test that the suppose which of No arehood called assist to quorums only

issued. are are love the accounts for our will books the be Lord same The there arewhen available teachers no or

it as Peter, the kept in disclosed as by of Bookkeeper Supreme with waspriests. In all some nearly the wards

the Universe. conversation 21:15found in Johnmembers acting of the teachers force the

17: dined, Jesus they had Your checks are on file. They are "So whenare the of members Aaronic Priesthood

Peter, transgressions. saith to of a record son of your Simon, Simonquorums. In other there are wards not

lovest is impossible; the records these? Forgery thou than me more call Jonas,so many boys is necessary and it to

saith correct. are unto Yea, him, thou Lord; He ofmembers the Melchizedek quorums

I thee. saith that love There knowest He assist.to the Stake Each Presmonth

saith Conscience him, lambs. Feed He is whoa BankpermitsExamineryou a frequentnamed myidency a prepares letter unto mimeographed

of instructions for the acting teachers. unto him again the second time, Simon, look into the conditions of your acThese letters are written especially to son of Jonas, lovest thou me? He count.

are suddenly sometimes him, Accounts unto Yea, Lord; thou knowassist is saith boys. teacher the young Each

I closed. thee. est that saith love unto Heprovided letter. the of with a copy

is closed, saith sheep. him, yours unto Feed your what will When He my older are called in to When men

assist the boys in this work, we have him the third time, Simon son of Jonas, balance be?

found best results by assigning the older in pairs rathermen to work than to Ward Teachers Message for July, 1934ask them to accompany the members of the Aaronic Priesthood in their Prepared by OSCAR W. McCONKIE, under appointment of the Presiding

visits. Bishopric

This in has system been operation Effect Atonement Thefor years. more are very than two We

has a twofold ef- (See pleased results II Nephi 9) The atonement themuch with and fect: the It redeems race from (1)would not think of to the back going Fall The

a death, provides physical and (2)old system. have had dozens We of sin of "THE wage sin. relief individual of from is death, thus, meansour report to the pleasure us members

that the visits of these young men through the fall, all men became Thus all shall come forth with resurhave given them. However we do not mortal, subject to death, and were banrected bodies, and through the mediawish to give the impression that this ished from God's presence. This bodily tion of Christ, "invoked through faith,

is an easy way to get the ward teaching and spiritual death, resulting from an repentance, and continued works of done. Boys under 20 years of age individual act, (not sexual but the righteousness,"every soul may hope

need more supervising than older men. eating of earthly foods), except for an for a reconciliation with God. SpirAny neglect of duty on the part of the infinite atonement, would have esitual death and the grave shall deliver

supervisors is reflected immediately in tranged man from God forever, as all up their captive dead, who shall stand the reports of the teachers. mortal flesh must die, and, save for the before God for judgment. The filthy

atonement, would rise no more. The shall be filthy still, but the righteous,

crosses: Teaching in the Home spiritto thealsopowerwouldof haveevil, beenbecomingsubjectedan ofthosethe whoworld,haveand despised"enduredthetheshame By Charles B. Felt angel to the devil, even like unto him. it, shall inherit the kingdom of God."of

of the Lord.'THE Lord The Word

has decreed that shall people be Atonement Why Jesus? His

brought to a unity of the faith, has But the blessed doctrine of the atoneJesus Christ, the earth's sole inrestored the priesthood and given many ment, comprising "proof of the divinity nocent subject, was exempt from instructions as to the exercise of that of Christ's earthly ministry, and the Satan's power. As the only begotten

priesthood; among others that those vicarious nature of His death as a foreSon He possessed attributes of Godhood,

holding it "shall preach, teach, exordained and voluntary sacrifice, inand through his mother attributes of pound, exhort, * * * and visit the tended for and efficacious as a propitiamanhood, with power to die or to live, house of each member, and exhort the tion for the sins of mankind, thus beto lay down his life and to take it up people to pray vocally and in secret, coming the means whereby salvation again. He was ordained a Redeemer

and attend to all family duties; and may be secured,"gives assurance that and became the author of salvation.

strengthen them, and see that there is the body is taken up from the grave His work was so love inspired that He no iniquity in the Church, neither and the spirit released from captivity, assumed charge of the destiny of manhardness with each other, neither lying, and explains the gradation of glories kind, that He might bring to pass man's backbiting, nor evil speaking; and see made possible through Jesus Christ. immortality and eternal life.

..

'..,..::.. ";->:::::

Adult Aaronic Priesthood Father,and in theandHolyin HisGhost.Son, Jesus Christ, believeexisted inin thethe samePrimitiveorganizationChurch, viz:that

Outlines 8. Short Discussion or Talk on Faith. Apostles, Prophets, Pastors, Teachers,

Evangelists, etc."

careful give thought should (Teacher subjects in the coordinating study and/"\NE the ofworkthe ofoutstandingAdult AaronicsuccessesPriestin Pearl of GreatReferencesPrice, pages 46, 47, 48, this lesson.) as in outlined

hood classes is that of the Ninth Ward 49 of Logan Stake. Information recently History of the Church, Vol. I, Ch. 1. References

furnished to the Presiding Bishopric shows that the spirit of this new moveLesson Two History of the Church, Vol. I, Chs. 7

8. and 1 in caught been has by the to Churchment Life of Joseph Smith from 1819 4. 3, 1, 2, Daniel, Chs.

is officers the 1823. that planthe and ward Sec. 107. Cov., 13, Doc. 84 and 8 2. of Joseph Smith Prayer and Visitation extent. fullest the to utilizedbeing II Acts 19:2-6, 8:1418; Timothy

of the Moroni. Angel in class organized Novemwas The 1:6.

3. Message. Moroni's a April had 23ber 30, and by III 1933, 6:1, 2; Nephi Heb. 31:36; Alma

4. to Life of 1823 Joseph Smith from 37. attendtotal 63. 18:36, of enrollment The 1827. 43. Cov., Doc. 20:41, as at 8 one as highance reached has 58 5. to Delivery Plates of the Joseph Gold 1 72. Articles of Faith page Talmage, by for attendance averagemeeting. The Smith.

periodthe five was month 75.28%. 6. Short Talk or Discussion on Faith and Lesson Five attendance average highest is the Repentance.This

of any quorum in the ward and the 7. Read the Thirteen Articles of Faith 1. Review Lessons 1,2,3 and 4.

ward has an average attendance among without Discussion or Comment. (Encourage members of the class to

the highest in the Church. take part in the review. Do not call

The class is under the direction of References upon anyone unless they raise their seven andElder George W. Skidmore Pearl of Great Price, pages 50, 51, 5 2. handspart.) or express a willingness to take is dividedaids. among 54. 53, The work

them with each aid acting as a superHistory of the Church, Vol. I, Chs. 2, Lesson Six

visor responsible for contacting a cer- 3 and 4.

tain number of the members. The Lesson Three 1. Present the First Article of Faith, "We

believe in Father, the Eternal and God steadly increased hasenrollment the Christ, Jesus in His and 1 Work Son and in of Translation of the Book of entire adult the practicallynow includes Ghost."Mormon. Holy

Aaronic Priesthood of the ward as well 2. Review briefly the Life and Work of 2. Personality of God the Father and His

as six Elders and one Seventy who (a) John the Baptist, (b) Levi, (c) place in the Godhead.

have joined under special permission. Aaron. 3. Personality of Jesus Christ, the Son

Bishop L. Tom Perry had taken a 3. Prayers of Joseph Smith and Oliver and His place in the Godhead.

personal interest in the class and with Cowdery concerning Baptism. 4. Personality of the Holy Ghost and

his counsellors has supported it ac- 4. Visitation of John the Baptist and his place in the Godhead.

tively. Restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood. 5. Short talk or discussion on faith in the

5. the Priesthood. Restoration Ghost. of Melchizedek Father, the Holy Son and the Presiding request of the At

6. Present Article the Fifth Faith, discussion that of matters have (Avoid on "We in the class outline the usedBishopric believe called that of be revealed.) not must been man God

first year the for completed beenhas prophecy of laying by and by the on and permission has been granted to hands, by those in authority, to preach References publish it in serial form in The Imthe Gospel and administer in the ordiprovement Era and in the Church Secnances thereof. Compendium, page 172, 173.

Gen. 3:9, 1:2527; 32: 10; 32:11; short talk on Baptism. Deseret tion of News. The first 7. Interweave a The

23. printed lessons herewith. eight are

II 1:3, Col. Rev. 1:15, 1:14, Heb. References

Cor. 4:4.

Outline of Study and Class History of the Church, Vol. I, Chs. 3 History of the Church, Vol. 5, page

and 4. 426.

'Exercises for Adult Class of History of the Church, Vol. I, Footnote Articles of Faith by Talmage, page 41,

40. 42. Priesthood Aaronicthe of the page Genesis, Luke, Ch. I, Exodus. Lesson Seven Bible Dictionary Smith, page by Wm. 9th Ward of Cache Stake 9, 315, 357, 358. (Brief.) Christ. 1. Birth of Jesus

By Geo. W. Skidmore, Supervisor and Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 13. 2. Childhood of Jesus Christ. (Brief.)

Teacher 3. Mission of Jesus Christ. (Enlarge.)

Lesson Four 4. Fourth Article of Faith. "We believe

Lesson One first the principles that the of Gospel 1. the Organization of Apr. Church, 6, are: in the Faith Jesus Lord (1)

1. Class. of 20, Organization November 1830.

Christ; Repentance; Baptism (2) (3) 2. Tell 1933. the story the Daniel of Three and

Immersion, of the for remission by Outlines. 2. Presentation of cast Study the Jews into Fiery were who

sins; the of for Laying hands on (4) Religious 3. and interest.) of Condition furnace. get Thought (To

gift the of Holy Ghost."in 3. in the States United Organizations special Nebuchadnezzar's with Dream

lesson entirely given be (This by may early the the Nineteenth part of cut that Cenemphasis Stone was on "The the in teacher inspirational sermon. an tury. of the out without hands."Mountain

spirit will missionary be manifest The Belief 4. 4. briefly the the Impressions of JosExplain and the of boy Aaronic work

if is this lesson the guidgiven under in the Priesthood Smith. eph Church.

the spirit ance of the of Lord.) 5. 5. briefly Prayer Discuss Smith's Joseph and of "Laying on Hands Communication with the Father and the Son. for the Gift of the Holy Ghost. References

6. The Power of Darkness. 6. Confirmation into the Church by the

7. Read or Repeat the First Article of "Laying on of Hands."The Gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke

Faith. "We believe in God the Eternal 7. Present Sixth Article of Faith, "We and John. Ill Nephi 11 to 26 inclusive.

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

The Annual Report for 1933 Stake Aaronic Priesthood bers on the stake committee it will be necessary to combine the duties, asTABULATIONS for the year 1933 Organization Plan signing more to each member than * of Aaronic Priesthood reports Suggested indicated in this plan. In stakes with

show marked improvement in pracmore than nine members the duties tically every phase of the work. A TN response to numerous requests for may be divided according to the qualisummary of the various activities shows suggestions as to the best plans for fications of the committee members.

the following standing of the leading dividing responsibilities among memIt is important that each item listed stakes of the Church: bers of the stake Aaronic Priesthood in the plan be definitely assigned to a

Highest Average Rating: Alberta committee the plan which follows has member of the committee for regular

84, Cache 84, Morgan 82, So. Davis been suggested as being suitable for an attention, study and followup.

82, Liberty 81, Pioneer 81, Granite average stake.

80, Ogden 80, Palmyra 80. This suggestion is based on the recChampion Observes Word

Attendance at Quorum Meetings: ommended plan of at least three memof Wisdom 39, 40, Malad Maricopa 44%, Hyrum bers the of assigned High Council—one Liberty 34, Granite Oneida, 35, 34, Priests, to to to Teachers one and one benefits of example STRIKING A 32, 32, Davis 32, No. Alberta Morgan additional enough "observing the derived Deacons—and from Word 32. Hollywood to each equal members for ward. one of trainer the of comes from Wisdom St. School: at Attendance Sunday stake has average nine eight or The fastest mile runthe world's of one 40, Kolob 41, Maricopa 43, Johns wards. a plan assumes This memberUniversity Cunningham, ners—Glenn Granite 36, No. Lehi 39, 38, Summit ship of nine the stake committee. on is the spotin ace of today Kansas who Bear 35, Grant 36, Oneida 36, Davis Duties Assignment of Responsiand as a light recordbreaker. CunningSo. Liberty 34, 34, 34, River Hyrum bilities: as All committee, a members, last the in Chimile ran summer ham 34. Alberta 34, 34, Minidoka Davis all to for responsible be Aaronic is in cago rated and 4:09 many by Mariof Wisdom: Observing Word activity stake. in the Priesthood For least at a experts to of chance have Davis South River 73, Bear 81, copa supervision in the followup and work first to in the the being run world man Alberta Deseret 71, 72, 73, Oquirrh folas assignments to be wards made flat. a mile in minutes 4 69, 69, Granite Juarez 69, 71, Ogden lows: describing methIn Cunningham's 68. Hollywood 68, Oneida

his Hargiss, coach, Bill ods training of Priests Liberty Supervisors: of Attendance

this say: to has

96, 95, Priests') 97, Grant Cache Pioneer 98, ( of group Chairman 1 every has "Mentally, Cunningham 91, Logan 93, Blackfoot (a) Mt. Ogden of Council) High (Member Oressential success. Scholastically, he of

85, Granite 86, No. Davis 88, No. ganization, (c) Leadership, (b)

is student. natured an honor Good 84. Sanpete Adults. yet a has temperament, of even and Classes Organized: and (a) Class Quorums LesWeekly (2) Work—deterhis will of own. and mind A Union (c) Moapa 100%, sons 100%, (b) of Hyrum Remembrance Book is that almost succeed to mination

100%. Teaching Helps. undeniable. Never boastful, yet deep

(a) Assignments, (3) feels that his in a there is not mind he

Activities. Socials,Activities—(c) Fraternal in defeat can't living he Aaronic Priesthood Week (b) man whom

Reports Teachers a footrace.

"Off the track Glenn is a most reAS this issue of the Eta goes to press ( 1 ) Chairman of Teachers'group ligious trainer. There is no diet pre-

"""the annual Aaronic Priesthood (Member of High Council) (a) Orscribed for him. He eats plain, simweek is in full swing. In the July issue ganization, (b) Leadership, (c) ple food and not large amounts. He

a complete report of the activities of the Adults. eats very slowly. Drinks only milk

week will appear. Stake and ward (2) Class Work—(a) Weekly Lesand water, never coffee or tea. Never

chairmen are requested to send to the sons, (b) Book of Remembrance, (c) has had a drink of alcoholic liquor

Presiding Bishopric reports of the obTeaching helps. of any kind, doesn't drink any foun-

(a) Assignments, to- (3) tain soft drinks. has used Never anniversary of the and anyservance Socials,Activities—(c) Fraternal a fruit Activities. bacco form. in any He prefers of special items unusual interest. A (b)

report of the pilgrimage to the grave and vegetable diet. About three hours

of Martin Harris will also appear next Deacons before he runs he eats the biggest meal month. ( 1 ) Chairman of Deacons'group of the week, including a thick broiled

(Member of High Council), (a) Orsteak. He sleeps regularly and aims

least eight get at sleep each hours of ganization, (b) Leadership, (c) toEast Jordan Stake Orchestra rise. to night. early Early to bed and Adults.

less a trip he or more on away is When Feature Convention Les- (a) Class Weekly (2) Work—

isolates in his hotel himself room. (c) of (b) Remembrance, Book

features of sons, the outstanding of and studying book, Reading a good\NE Teaching all letters time. his spare convention writing the take Priesthood Aaronic (a) Assignments, (3) Activities—Helps. in exercise believes that passive the April conferenceheld was during "He Activities. Socials, Fraternal (c) (b)

the East Jordan Stake Aaronic Priestthe form of light massage with rubhood orchestra under the leadership In stakes with less than nine membing lotion is excellent for the muscles of E. L. Christianson of the stake of his legs. However, he does most

High Council. The orchestra has apof this himself. He doesn't need a

forty and wasproximately members of CO sponsorship theorganized under let it be in God's own might special"Glenntrainerhas orjustcorpsreturnedof assistants.from EuPresident E. L. Burgon and his counWe gird us for the coming fight, rope. He ran 26 races in four weeks,

strong whose And, in Him countries. eight cause is ours travelingselors in the stake presidency. through He A speIn conflict powers, with unholy of consisting wasn't even pushed of a medley race andcial number won every

"Mormon"hymns was especially well We grasp the weapons He has given,—to great effort in any race.

rendered and indicated the ability of The Light, and Truth, and Love of "If it is possible for a human being bein the to a mile four convention runthe group. Since many minutes—I Heaven."—Whittier. lieve living received the today beencongratulations to accomhave upon man

the excellent work of the orchestra. plish that feat is Glenn Cunningham."

THE M. I. A. EXECUTIVES AT WORK

Left to right: Supt. George Albert Smith, President Ruth May Fox, 1st Asst. Richard R. Lyman, 2nd Asst. Melvin J. Ballard, 1st Counselor Lucy Grant Cannon,

2nd Counselor Clarissa A. Beesley. Standing, Executive Secretary Oscar A. Kirkham.

Executives Prepare

or June Conference TT'NOWING that the Executives of welfare and happiness of thousands year. Right here is launched one of

the Young Men's and Young of young men and women in all parts the most extensive recreational proLadies'Mutual Improvement Associof the world. grams under a common head in the

ations were at work preparing an unThough, of course, the Executives world.

assisted are fine protheusually General comprehensive and Board by comthis session like During others and editorial for the experts of nearly Conference, posed hundred June onegram in it for the are programs year coming fields, sent a various the principal the partstaff of of Era Improvement The outlined, sesfor programs the various at the Superintendent planning head. to be overphotographer must done sions of out, Conference June are made

office this table being they Smith's wasGeorge Albert done around where What policies projects are decided and upon.

this picture. will picture while this session taken being in waswere and secured

Those who attend June Conference affect the lives of approximately 131,- Superintendent George Albert Smith, and find everything working smoothly 500 men and women members from a manysided person with interests as and without difficulties probably do Salt Lake City to Salt Lake City wide as humanity, has made his office not sense the hours of work which have around the earth both ways, during the breathe of his activities. The pictures

gone into the making of the program. coming year. They speak here and on the wall, glimpsed in this photoThese six people, assisted by Oscar A. contests will be abolished in all fields graph, are but a few of the fine collecKirkham, the Executive Secretary of except that of athletics; they write a tion of photographs, mementos, gifts,

the organizations, are the power plant word or a line on a piece of paper and bits of handicraft, and art which may of the huge organizations now enhundreds of thousands of men and be found in his most interesting corner circling the globe, which promotes the women will repeat that line during the of the Church Office Building.

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

Sunday Evening Joint Program for July

ispiGHTYSEVEN years ago this 2. Invocation—the Bishop of the in the tops of the Mountains and

Twentyfourth day of July the Ward, or one in a leading position. not now molested to any extent byPioneers entered the valley and the 3. Hymn—"Come, Come, Ye enemies from without. The Nation

banner of Israel was unfurled in the Saints."has but recently passed and is now

tops of the mountains. One hundred 4. Presentation of the new 1934passing through trying times brought

spiritfiftyeight years ago this Fourth day of 35 Slogan—Superintendent of the on largely by the antiChristianJuly, the fathers of the Nation deWard Mutual.—10 Minutes. of profit and of greed. We need now

clared their Independence and began Slogan: "By my actions I will to be new Pioneers who can lead the

a new experiment JJpon practically prove my allegiance to the Church."way across the plains of selfishness,uncharted seas, therefore, we think it 5. Solo—"The Flag Without a doubt, greed, and social injustice to the

appropriate to use as our theme PioStain."mountains of love which will bring

neering. 6. Sermon—By a selected speaker. once again the blessings of neighbor- 1. Hymn—"America,"or "Amer-—"The New Pioneer."liness, social justice, and faith in God.ica the Beautiful,"or, in other counNote: The nation has been estab- 7. Hymn—"Let Us All Press on."

tries, a national hymn. lished; the Church has been established 8. Benediction.

*>- ics>sitthe M Men Courts London Echoes—From

By G. HOMER DURHAM

"PLIGHT millions of people know the emnly pledge my best efforts to keep lives of wellbred Englishmen, and friendly tower of the London Cenmyself clean; to fearlessly oppose with true AngloSaxon mannerism, the

tral Y. M. C. A. by personal acknowlwrong; to learn modesty and manlitwo teams found a common underedgment. Many others know it by ness, and to obey the rules of true standing on which fearlessly to oppose

reputation, for it is one of the marks sportsmanship."wrong which recognized the elements

of mighty London. When the late Had the series of games which folof true religion. Here was approached,

theatregoer comes out of his show lowed with the London Central and the acme of recreational idealism, as house and traverses the heart of the other clubs, been fought out under the sponsored in the Church!

Westend through Sharing Cross Road, shades of the Deseret Gymnasium, they But while the two teams vied for one of the most familiar sights to greet could not have come closer to a courtesy, the Latterday Saint boys his midnight eye is the tower of the humble fulfilment of the M Men pledge, had one unequalled quality in their "Centymca."quoted above. bag of tricks.

It is surprising to Americans that Sportsmanship! It was a joy for a L. D. S. lungs were clear and freethese many, as well as the 3000 memscheduled Wednesday to come—to from the smoke that poured into the

bers of the London Central, as it is mingle in athletic combat with hardy breathing apparatus of the London known, knew nothing about the good exponents of British "fairplay."After fellows before and after each contest.

game basketball until the War. For, each game it was a race, to see which Good training, clean living according

first the three "hipgive to the could Lord's team isles Soccer Britain, stolid of Kingin Health—the s"the unteam, other the for of and Word iron hand. hiphooray'reigns an withFootball

to hands. shake doing Modesty of then run theWisdom—provedBritishLawChamps.of enthusiasts twenties, early in theBut,

succeeded in working up the hoop and manliness are paramount in the After the game was heard the remark game to such a pitch, that in 1923, "We'd do jolly well to cut out the and every succeeding year until 1930, cigarettes and the daily pint to beat the London Central team won the these fellows!"

English National Championships, tourIn a series of four games, charactering Europe each spring in quest of the ized by good feeling and long discusmythical European title. With their sions afterwards, the L. D. S. team

leaders. Messrs. Lake and Barnard, came off victorious in three encounters,

players on the 1933 team, they pargathering power as they progressed.

ticipated in the Paris Olympic Games of 1928, and came away laden with (Scores trophies that now decorate the halls at London Central L. D. S

Tottenham Court Road. 1st Match 26 18

In the fall of 1933, to this spot, 2nd Match 16 36 came a group of Latterday Saint Mis3rd Match 22 34 sionaries to join the London Central. 4th Match 32 65

contacts, In search of truth, new and On Wednesday, February 7th, in fitness, a basketthey formed physical this latter schedule, the the of midst Johnnie ball team, headed Coach by

Plaistow, traveled to S. team D. at star Ari- L. court onetime Riggs.D.

the there defeated Kent, goodand years coach two zona and for "U,"at Mesa High School. With the exnatured Plaistow Red Triangle Club

ception of Riggs, here was a typical team, 5230.

fastbreaking, "Pony,"M Men team These figures take on a new sigfor the other four were veterans nificance when one understands that in of many battles in assorted Stake tourEnglish sport, no substitutions or timenaments. Liberty, Ensign, Alpine, outs are allowed, and that the games

Carbon, Maricopa (for Riggs had were played as 20 minute halves, with rest halves. ball before earning his but five minutes between played M Men

L. D. S. BASKETBALL TEAM OF LONDON, 1933 so, across represented. miles of the thus letter) were 7000 And

"In order that my life might render Standing: Cullimore, Durham, Bennett. land and ocean, M Men traditions. M

the finest service to humanity, I solKneeling: Riggs, Morgan. (Continued on Page 370)

RULERS OF M MEN BASKETBALL FOR SEASON OF 193334

Wasatch of Granite Ward Stake rules supreme over of a field Improvement Mutual Association 12,000 basketball teams season for the of as a result superior of 193334 play in the annual interregional championship tournament. The Wasatch left team members, to right: Dally Brown, Ralph Knight, John Hoxey, Knight, Milham, Rod Bud

Fullmer, Glen Everet Campbell and Coach Anderson. Glen

Sport Editor Deseret News V V 1 KS 1 V V \. XL JlJ dt\O \

Men Champions M Men, Attention! M

if possible, ward, TPACH or at participation and as has been its far distant when these fine manly stake, -L- least each should appoint one delegate to attend the M Men wont throughout the seasons, esfellows from the M. I. A. classes

Convention which will be held in tablished a new high standard of will be capable of as skillful a brand the Saturday, Hotel Utah June 9, competition. of basketball as the fastest best and

1 at election of the 2 Here and The athletically inclined young coached independent teams anyofficers place, will foe take 193435.

I. A. took to the where. and all other M Men business will men of the M.

be transacted. court game with unprecedented inThe honor of leading the

terest and the of actual Friday, number Thursday registered June and 1 2,000 players in On Men M finals 8, ball soft the in 7 and and participants was counted the basketball by to the went Wasatch contests will tennis be playheld on thousands the and number of Granite Stake, of Ward a region Salt courts grounds of and Lake

City. Notices and instructions have teams by the hundreds, firmly whose basketball supremacy for a

been sent out to each stake and ward. establishing the M Men circuit as time appeared almost traditional.

If any M Men do not know exactly the outstanding single standard Coach Glen Anderson presented a be, the program they what may athletic organization in the rangy, world. agile resourceful and aggreofficers find out asking by Men is Mto the to was given New zest gation game a favorite which became advisors their in and wards and own

stakes. by the suspension of the rule barwith the tournament fans with its

Friday and Saturday we will have ring players who had won their first appearance. The Wasatch

a inof entertainment program and letters school. in high With scores boys brought the championship

struction during demonstrawhich scholastic of former courtiers bolback to CaliGlendale, Zion from lectures tions to pertaining the and

M Men and Master M Men Movestering the ranks, the sport took fornia, whence it had been taken ments will be given. All M Men on the aspect of a junior collegiate out of Utah in 1933 for the first

Men. areM invited as well as advisors of league. Indeed, the Mutual basket time in the history of the sport. shooters are year improving year by scored Wasatch impressive an If in the Men or advisors any M rate at such a is that the time not victory final in the of the game field suggestions have regarding the

M Men program they may send them to M Men Executive Council, 50

North Main St., Salt Lake City,

Utah.

'VERY year is another "greatest"in Mutual ImprovementE Association basketball and this delineation was never more applicable than during the campaign of 193334.

OFFICIAL ALLSTAR M MEN BASKETEERS again the Once stupendous most Improvement Association basketball players elected were a from field of to upward 12 000 as the outstanding of stars the allChurchathletic its project tournamentof ever left are, They kind rightto Boyce Labrum unTheseparticipantsBtnmonfiveandMutual Dally Brown, Wasatch, forwards; Knight, Ralph Wasatch, and Jack Lowther, Pocatello guards'; alldertaken, for records broke mass and James Campbell, center. Wasatch,

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

: Forwardsbig joust, winning Bennion from

Stake Wilbur The Power of 37 toof Cottonwood 15.—ReedHonorableKnight,MentionWasatch;

The progress of the tournament Couch, Ogden Fourth; Donald 1 rUTll (Continued from Page 344)

play is detailed by the following Johnson, Elsinore; John Pearson,

-4team listings and scores: Murray, and O. Hadley, Pocatello. &

: PocaFirst round Knapp, Ogden Fourth 2 1 Centers—Ronald ing, the cruel criticism of contemPocatello Springville.Springville 29, Ben32; tello; N. Weight,

all, hardest of and often, St. Johns, Arizona Gehring,nion 31; Benporaries 27, Guards—Clarence those of reproach the wondering Glendale, Elsinore 31, Wasatch; 26;Milford nion; John Hoxey,

California 26; Cokeville, WyomGrant Austad, Ogden Fourth; who love him best.

ing 17, Murray First 34; Logan Leonard Harward, Springville. He must not expect the tortoise

Seventh 25, Ogden Fourth 26; Silver and bronze plaques, symto sympathize with the flight of the

great purpose is ever anDeclo, Idaho 16, Cardston, Canbolical of regional and all -Church eagle. A

ada 35; Wasatch 43, Sunnyside championships were awarded for isolation. Should a soldier leading

12. The Desetet News by James M. the forlorn hope complain that the

Second round (Championship Kirkham, assistant general manarmy is not abreast of him? The

matches): Bennion 25, Springager. Gold and silver fobs for the glorious opportunity before him

ville 23; St. Johns 33, Elsinore champions and runnersup were should so inspire him, so absorb

34; Murray First 23, Ogden presented to the Wasatch and Benhim, that he will care naught for

if heFourth 26; Wasatch 52, Cardston nion players by President Heber J. the army except to know that

14. Grant. Upward to three thousand lead as he should, and do that

which the crisis demands, the army Consolation flight: Pocatello spectators, a record for the event,

follow. must final contests the witnessed and reEleventh 15; 30, OgdenThird realize withreformer must The cheer presentation at the mained to CokeGlendale 19; 31,Milford

trace that the of bitterness a out ceremonies.ville SunSeventh 51; 23, Logan strughis cares little for busy world

nyside 47, Declo 17. }F- -4 gles, it cares only to joy in his final

Third round (Championship triumph; it will share his feasts

: 37,play) Ogden Wasatch fasts. alone his not was Echoes London Elsinore 31, Bennion 26;Fourth the in sermon Gethsemane, but—atChrist St. 19; 31, Johns23; Springville wilderness, the in food was where From the M Men but 19. First Cardston 44,Murray four attendance the provided, was

Consolation flight: Pocatello Courts thousand.

Third 37, Milford 19; Logan (Continued from Page 268) The world is honest enough in

Seventh 48, Sunnyside 29. 4 its attitude. It takes time for the

Final round (Championship world to realize, to accept, and toplay): Wasatch 37, Bennion 15; Men ideals—the Gospel—carry on. assimilate a large truth. Since the

organizations Men M in conformity with dawn of history, the great conservMurray First 27, Springville 20. Already,are being Britishformed

Consolation flight: Ogden the Churchwide Program, and with ative spirit of every age, that ballast

Fourth 36, Elsinore 33; Pocatello the same selfgoverning, selfexpressing that keeps the world in poise,

Fourth 36, Logan Seventh 30. ideals in mind, will someday carry makes the slow acceptance of great

It essential safety. truths a score for its of onto an finish teams therefore of the The

the echoes from clear, requires absoproof, wisely EnglishM Menfootballcourtsfields,of first; as follows: Wasatch,was America. Western lute, attestation, undeniable before Fourth, second;Bennion, Ogden

third; Murray First, fourth; Pocait fully accepts. Sometimes the pertello, fifth; Elsinore, sixth; Springfect enlightenment takes years,

ville, seventh, and Logan Seventh sometimes generations. It is but

Ward, eighth; Consolation chamthe safeguard of truth. Time is

pion, Pocatello. the supreme test, the final court of

appeals that winnows out the chaff

At the close of the tournament of false claims, pretended revelaall of the officials, and many of tion, empty boast, and idle dreams.

coaches, tournathe managers and is finally the that touchstone official Time selected directors thement all reveals true process gold. The

Improvement EraDeseret News is slow, necessarily so, and the fate honor team as follows of the world's geniuses and reformFirst Team: Dally Brown, ers in the balance of their contemWasatch, forward; Boyce Labrum, porary criticism, should have a

Bennion, forward; James Campsweetness of consolation rather

bell, Wasatch, center; Jack Lowthan the bitterness of cynicism. If

ther, Pocatello, guard; Ralph the greatest leaders of the world

Knight, Wasatch, guard. have had to wait for recognition,

Second Team: Vern Turpin, should we, whose best work may

Bennion, forward; LaMar Weight, be but trifling in comparison with

Springville, forward; James BroTHE LONDON CENTRAL Y. M. C. A. theirs, expect instant sympathy,

at street intersection Russell the of Great center; 7th, cooperation,berg, Logan Street. Oxford Elvin Situatedand Court Half appreciation, Tottenham and

twixt historic heart ofRoad—nearthe the the way Westend and Fourth, guar; toWayment, Ogden growing where we are merely

it offers recreation "city,"daily to members 3000Gene Woods, Murray, guard. from all the nations of the earth. ward our own attainment.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 371

The world ever says to its leadfive years after its publication. flow of new strength to him who

ers, by its attitude if not in words, Froebel, the gentle inspired lover of is struggling, and the knowledge "If you would lead us to higher children, suffered the trials and that someone dear to us sees with realms of thought, to purer ideals struggles of the reformer, and his love and comradeship our future of life, and flash before us, like the system of teaching was abolished in through our eyes, is a wondrous handwriting on the wall, all the Prussia because it was "calculated draught of new life. If we have

possible glories of development, to bring up our young people in this, perhaps the loyalty of two you must pay the price for it, not atheism."So it was with thouor three, what the world says or

we."The world has a law as sands of others. thinks about us should count for

clearly defined as the laws of KepThe world says with a large airy little. But if this be denied us, then

ler: "Contemporary credit for resweep of the hand, "the opposition must we bravely walk our weary

form works in any line will be in to progress is all in the past, the way alone, toward the sunrise that inverse proportion to the square great reformer or the great genius must come. The little world

root of their importance."Give is recognized today."No, in the around us that does not understand

us a new fad and we will prostrate past they tried to kill a great truth us, does not appreciate our ambiourselves in the dust; give us a new by opposition; now we gently seek tion or sympathize with our efforts,

philosophy, a marvelous revelation, to smother it by making it a fad. that seem to it futile, is not inten-

a higher conception of life and morSo it is written in the book of tionally cruel, calloused, bitter, ality, and we may pass you by, but human nature: The saviors of the blind, or heartless. It is merely

posterity will pay for it. Send world must ever be martyrs. The that busied with its own pursuits,

your messages C. O. D. and posdeath of Christ on the cross for the problems and pleasures, it does not

terity will settle for them. You people he had come to save, typifully realize, does not see as we do.

ask for bread; posterity will give fies the temporary crucifixion of The world does not see our

you a stone, called a monument. public opinion that comes to all ideal as we see it, does not feel the

who bring to the people the mesglow of inspiration that makes our

T'HERE is nothing in this to dissage of some great truth, some blood tingle, our eye brighten, and courage the highest efforts of clearer revelation of the divine. our soul seem flooded with a wongenius. Genius is great because it Truth, right, and justice must tridrous light. It sees naught but

is decades in advance of its generaumph. Let us never close the the rough block of marble before us

tion. To appreciate genius requires books of a great work and say "it and the great mass of chips and

comprehension and the same charhas failed."fragments of seemingly fruitless efacteristics. The public can fully No matter how slight seem refort at our feet, but it does not see

appreciate only what is a few steps sults, how dark the outlook, the the angel of achievement slowly in advance; it must grow to the glorious consummation of the past, emerging from its stone prison,

appreciation of great thought. The the revelation of the future, must from nothingness into being, under

genius or the reformer should accome. And Christ lived thirty the tireless strokes of our chisel.

cept this as a necessary condition. years and he had twelve disciples, It hears no faint rustle of wings

It is the price he must pay for being one denied him, one doubted him, that seem already real to us nor the in advance of his generation, just one betrayed him, and the other glory of the music of triumph alas front seats in the orchestra cost nine were very human. And in ready ringing in our ears.

more than those in the back row the supreme crisis of His life "they There come dark, dreary days in of the third gallery. all forsook him and fled,"but toall great work, when effort seems The world is impartial in its day—His followers are millions. useless, when hope almost appears

methods. It says ever, "you may CWEET indeed is human sym- a delusion, and confidence the mirsuffer now, but we will give you pathy, the warm handclasp of age of folly. Sometimes for days

later fame."Posthumous fame confidence and love brings a rich inyour sails flap idly against the mast,

means that the individual may with not a breath of wind to move shiver with cold, but his grandyou on your way, and with a parachildren will get furlined ulsters; Content lyzing sense of helplessness you just

the individual acorns, his plants to sit have wait. wait and and By Solveiq Paulsonposterity oaks. sells the is Posthucraft Sometimes your of hope

\ fire glows. a cozy room my or recognition fame is a check carriedmous tide that back a to seems by "T. 7TTHIN flickers flamelight crimson up The the individual, to outmade but in undo of your moments work goes and

heirs. his topayable only it months. really not be But may its glass, lay fingers rosy shining To on my

There is nothing the world cries To brush with amber tones my polished so, you may be put into a new brass, that channel nearer brings you your for idea;out so as a constantly new

light softened with warm my friendly haven than dared to hope. you isthere fears so To nothing the world books

tests the us, that This is that hour progress milestones ofmuch. to hide itself in then The darkened nooks. And

in the history of the ages tell the determines whether we are masters chair easy arms, holds out inviting My or slaves of conditions. in Asstory. cast into prison Galileo was It rest lose in bids myself and charms me

fight it is the of Marengo,in his seventieth year his works and chest treasure opening of dreams battle In up my were prohibited. He had commitAnd gloating o'er the wealth that in it that is made when all seems lost

ted no crime, but he was in advance gleams. that really counts and wrests vicof his generation. Harvey's disGladly I yield to such delightful ease tory from the hand of seeming decovery of the circulation of the And bid my fancy wander where it please. feat.

If accepted not seeking you areblood was by to accomplish the uniAndFondlyfindI bringin eachmya photographmemories to ofviewyou.versities great the serious of any purpose world till twentythat your

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 mind and your heart tell you is king for his trials and sufferings if but a dream. You will stand

right, you must have the spirit of he know that he has delivered his brave, heartened, strengthened by the reformer. You must have the message? Large movements, great the struggle, recreated to a new,

courage to face trial, sorrow and plans, always take time for develbetter and stronger life by a noble disappointment, to meet them opment. If you want great things, battle, nobly waged, in a noble

squarely and to move forward unpay the price like a man. cause. And the price will thenscathed and undaunted. In the Anyone can plant radishes; it seem to you—nothing.

sublimity of your perfect faith in takes courage to plant acorns and END the outcome, you can make them to wait for the oaks. Learn to

as powerless to harm you, as a dewlook not merely at the clouds, but With this essay this remarkable drop falling on the Pyramids. through them to the sun shining series comes to a close When they

behind them. When things look first appeared they so impressed

TRUTH, with time as its ally, darkest, grasp your weapon firmer President Heber J. Grant that he

always wins in the end. The and fight harder. There is always bought an entire edition and used

knowledge of the inappreciation, more progress than you can perseveral hundred as gifts.

the coldness, and the indifference of ceive, and it is really onlythe outThe eight essays by William the world, should never make you come of the battle that counts. George Jordan which go to makepessimistic. They should inspire And when it is all over and the up the book—"The Power ofyou with that large, broad optivictory is yours, and the smoke Truth"—are soon to appear in

mism that sees that all the opposiclears away and the smell of the book form. The book, though out

tion of the world can never keep powder is dissipated, and you bury of print at present, has been purback the triumph of truth, that the friendships that died because chased and will be reissued in a your work is so great that the petty they could not stand the strain, and beautiful cloth binding by The jealousies, misrepresentations, and you nurse back the wounded and Deseret Book Company. Date of

hardships caused by those around fainthearted who loyally stood by publication has not been anyou, dwindle into nothingness. you, even when doubting, then the nounced, but it will be in the nearWhat cares the messenger of the hard years of fighting will seem future.—H. R. M.

*- -"10<q|9< -<

; 1 President of a Con-

a draftingInternational thetries delegatesincluded of10 theministersvariousofcounfor- Colombia)stituent Assembly new; 3 PresiConferences eignheadsaffairsof their(Secretariesrespective ofdelegationsState) as constitutiondents of Chambers(Uruguay)of Deputies-

(Continued from Page 325) (United States, Argentine, UruHouse of (Para- 4 guay, Paraguay, Mexico, Panama, guay, Argentine, Representatives—Chile); 3 Amsidered and adopted (out of the Guatemala, Brazil, Nicaragua, bassadors (United States, Mexico,

; 2 former presidents of their Peru); 10 Ministers (Unitedmass material covered by the Chile)

Agenda) 94 Resolutions and Deccountries, (Honduras, Uruguay); States, Dominican Republic, Mexlarations, 6 Conventions (treaties) 7 former ministers of Foreign Afico, Panama, Bolivia, Guatemala,

and 1 additional Protocol to an fairs (Honduras, Salvador, Haiti, Ecuador, Colombia, Chile, Peru);

existing Convention. It is selfUruguay, Guatemala, Nicaragua, 1 President of a Supreme Court

evident that at least some of these (Nicaragua); 1 nominee for elecmust have received scant considertion to the presidency of his country

ation, and such was the fact. with no opposition (Colombia)

; 2 former When the time for a meeting of who has since been elected

a Conference approaches, each govAmbassadors (United States, Uruernment appoints its delegates to guay); and 5 former Ministers

represent it. There may be only (Honduras, Venezuela, Colombia

one delegate (as was the case with (2), Bolivia.)

the Santo Domingo Government at This might properly be called a the Montevideo Conference) or any distinguished gathering.

number more than that. At the All the twentytwo Republics of

Montevideo Conference the United the hemisphere, except Costa Rica,

States had 6 delegates, headed by were represented by one or more the Secretary of State, 1 Secretary delegates at the VII Pan American

General, 3 counselors, 1 adviser, 4 Conference.

technical experts, 1 press represenAt international conferences each tative, and 1 assistant to the Chairdelegate is given a formal document man of the Delegation; Uruguay of appointment by the head of the

had 16 delegates and 20 advisers; State which he represents, which

while Mexico had 7 delegates, 1 constitutes the delegate's "credensecretary general, 3 assistant secretials."

taries, 1 private secretary to the president of the delegation, 2 secre- C")NE of the earliest, most troubletaries of sessions, 9 technical exsome, and (in one view) most perts, 4 attaches to the delegation. BLACKFEET ON PARADE—CALGARY,Photo h.CANADAr. M. inconsequential questions arising at

At the Montevideo Conference international conferences, is the one

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 373

of protocol, that is, who calls on represents the greatest number of whom, and when; shall the call be people (the people of the United

the shall calls States), country; be informal; or but only oneformal Two New Books left greatest the language or merely cards in Spanishreturned numreturn; who shall take precedence ber of States and, in the aggregate, THAT YOU CERTAINLYREAD—SHOULD

and what shall be the order of prethe greatest number of people after cedence; shall there be elaborate enthe United States; the Portuguese "BIOGRAPHYKIMBALL"OF GOLDEN

tertainments or otherwise; and one country, the largest in area By Claude Richards

numerous other really trivial con- (Brazil) in the whole hemisphere, Price $2.50

least largestventionalities, the of the the country with not and "SERMONETTES OF is relative States; after the the population Unitedwhich sometimes H. BRIMHALL"GEORGE insmallest the each of the of persons within Frenchranking and one

dividual delegation itself, this latter countries in area and in population, Price $1.25

being the rock on which some conHaiti. DESERET BOOK CO.

ferences have been nearly wrecked. When the whole Conference SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

At the Montevideo Conference, meets as a body, the meeting is

Secretary Hull cut, with great wiscalled a Plenary Session of the dom, the "Gordian Knot"of who Conference. But an International

should call first and when and how, Conference is usually divided into by himself informally calling upon commissions, and when each indidelegationsthe the various of heads vidual commission meets as a body Would a first after his thewithin two days the meeting as a of is spoken arrival. This simple, sensible act Plenary Session of the commission.

with dohad much to an auspicious Each commission may be divided Secretarial Conference. the ofbeginning into subcommissions.

Another troublesome question that comes up at the beginning of AT Montevideo, the conference Position a Conference is that of the relative was housed in the Legislative are all delegations (forprecedence truly magnificent Palace—a

of the various buildInterest YOU? rank)of the same central hall finished ing with a great

delegations. Frequently this is in handsome Uruguayan marble,

based upon an alphabetical list of mottled and in various shades and A Secretarial position the countries, which places the tints, with the chamber of deputies in an office is an ideal voUnited States among the E's, the on one side and the senate chamber cation for young women.

French for United States being on the other, with offices and comRegular hours, vacaEtats-Unis, and the Spanish, Estamittee rooms ranged in circular tions with pay, congenial dos Unidos. form around these chambers. There associates and interestIn Montevideo the alphabetical are great light wells running down ing work are assured

system was used to seat the delegates the interior of the building so that from the start. Contact

at the first and second meetings, but all rooms are splendidly lighted. with executives brings

at the second meeting the names of In this great central hall the Presipromotion to those who the different countries were drawn dent of Uruguay gave a banquet to show unusual ability.

from a lottery wheel for their perthe members of the Conference and manent protocol rank for the durto the diplomatic corps in MonteWe can help you in seation of the Conference, with the video, at which more than 500 curing a position of this result that Honduras stood first and guests were comfortably seated. type, by giving you specthe United States second, and that The meal was good and was well ialized advanced training

order prevailed through the rest of and expeditiously served. An and the assistance of our

the Conference. amusing incident happened in conFree Employment DeThe country in which the Innection with the dinner: The partment. Graduates of

ternational Conference is held is the President and guests waited more high school commercial host of the Conference, and is exthan an hour for the protocol ofcourses are given full pected to provide housing facilities credit for work comficer—the man with the place cards,

for the sessions of the Conference that designated where each guest pleted.

its committees, and variousand sit. explanation should was No call or for free Write offices the vaforsub-committees, given ever the for though prospectus describing all the to delegations,rious do the wild rumors were afloat—thatdelay, secretarial opportunities. proceedings, of theprinting captured fellow to poor been had obligation. by No interpreters for the Conferfurnish that communists, a nervous he had

ence, as also the stenographic and collapse on his way to the palace, other clerical help necessary to enetc., etc. The real reason probablyable the Conference to function. was that the task was a tremendous L. D. S. There are four official languages one—to take care of the inbred senfor a Pan American Conference, sibilities of scores of persons lookBusiness Collegeeach of equal standing and value ing for a real or fancied slight—andEnglish, Spanish, Portuguese, and so it took a long time to iron out SALT LAKE CITY

French. The English language the tangle. At any rate, the diners

374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 19 34

did not take their places at the cannot under any circumstances be tables until after lip. m.—a long bound against its will, or comtime for a hungry man to wait for mitted over its objection. There TAYLOR AND dinner. can be no sergeantat-arms, either

The Plenary Sessions of the to maintain order, to secure a quoCOMPANY Conference and of some of the comrum, or to carry out any measure 162 So. Main St. missions were held in the Chamber of compulsion or coercion, for the of Deputies. This had been spedelegates represent equal and nonAre Manufacturers of cially wired for telephone service so coercible sovereign States and they

that each delegate of the Conference carry this sovereign character and

School Rings, Pins and had at his disposal a set of ear immunity with them into the ConAthletic Awards phones. From the moment a Plenference. Delegates attend the sesary Session began until it ended, an sions if, when, and as long as they

Room 206 Boyd Park Bldg. interpreter, in and through this like; they speak when they like, as

Was. 5123 telephone installation, translated long as they like, as often as they

from Spanish or French or Portulike, and about what they like; they

guese into English, or from English are rarely disciplined by the Chair, (when the speakers used English) though on one or two occasions at into Spanish, everything that was Montevideo individual delegates, said during the session. There was becoming critical of other countries

assumed to be sufficient similarity in language of intemperance and between Portuguese and Spanish so occasionally of violence, brought that no translation was necessary, upon themselves a rebuke from the as to either of these two languages Chair. One delegate came to be

into the other. As a matter of fact, dubbed the "homager"because his

since the Conference was meeting in chief if not sole interest in the work a Spanishspeaking capital and of the Conference seemed to be in since for all but some 15 of the proposing a "vote of applause"or 90 -odd delegates at the Conference of "homage"to some person, livSpanish was the official language ing or dead, who happened to have and the mother tongue, Spanish instruck his fancy or to have requestevitably became the language of the ed his service. Such a proposal

Conference and the rest of us got was always voted unanimously by along as best we could. the Conference without investigation, question, or debate. The

THE work of interpreting the American delegation found itself

Plenary Sessions was done by a joining (for it could hardly object) native of Mexico, regularly emin a "vote of applause"to an auployed with the Pan American thor whose chief and seemingly

Union in Washington, Sr. Jose only claim to fame was a book in

Tercera. He did a remarkable piece which he violently attacked the

of work, and to translate as rapidly United States and its policies.

as a man talks—and some men talk The actual organization of the MEN FOLKS very fast—from Spanish into EngMontevideo Conference was accomlish, or contrariwise, and to transplished in this wise, following the

LIKE late in the idiom of the language generally accepted procedure in into which the translation goes, is such matters.

a task persons, few however well sesfor the hour opening The ELECTRIC the they two languages, know care sion arrived, delegates the having to undertake, and fewer still can gathered more or less in the ChamCOOKING successfully accomplish. It is a ber of Deputies, but to emphasize

TOO! andmentalmoststrainexhausting.of a peculiarAs haskind,been theirwere notsovereignall presentimmunitiesat the appointthey

stated, Sr. Tercera did a splendid ed time, but drifted in for a half

—mineralsNot only doesandfoodnaturaltaste flavorsbetter job.There is not much parliamentary promptlyhour or morewaited,whilevisited,those whotwiddledcame

aremethod—butsealed in anywith manthis likesmodernto theselaw orconferences,procedureandin theevidencelittle thatat patience.their thumbs, or fumed with imsee his wife enjoy the leisure and appears semicircular electric convenience cooking civil law the circle is countries—Continentalthat which obtains in in Theform.ChamberIn one wassection brings.

Europe and Latin America. was broken by a recess in the wall

Decide to have it today. In this connection it should be in which was built a high dais with

difficult procedure if not dais historical the be would Above was an UTAH POWER & rioted that any formal, prescribed an upper and lower speaking desk.

either or impossible painting to formulate of in an incident

LIGHT CO. to follow, for each country repretional life of Uruguay. the Thenasented is a sovereign country and deputies'desks were arranged in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 i 375

semicircular rows in front of, but of the President's speech, which was related to the war in the Chaco, beginning some distance back from, finely conceived, lofty in tone, between Bolivia and Paraguay, and this dais, and, rising towards the complimentary to the United the other involving the United back. The interpreter's phone States, containing quotations from States."You will not wish to

stand was in the space between the leading Americans, including sevmiss the climax of the great condais and the desks, though a very eral of our Presidents. It left a ference.

long cord attached to his phone good impression and was the "key enabled him on occasion to move note"speech of the Conference.

even to the rear of the room in When the President had finished order to hear a speaker more dishis speech and the applause had tinctly. The reporters for the Consubsided, the Conference adjournedference had their table in this space until the following day. vpr*GROW]

also. International Seventh ConThe IN GraduatePOWERStudents, Bishops, Misference of American States had now

"pOR the "inaugural session"of left the harbor, and the President sionaries,Here is yourProspectiveopportunityMissionersto Grow the Conference, this space beof Uruguay had laid down its in Power! Private Lessons in Oratween the dais and the desks was course. tory, Intrepretation of Classical

filled with camera and movie men, Next month you wilt have the Literature, and Corrective Speech, the latter having been allowed the thrill of sitting in with President now available, to Stammer) Need (Nopositions vantage, of greatest while at Clark the International VII or Call Write clustered stillcamerathe men Conference. will there be You Studio Hanks, C. N. edges to the the oraround clung briefly forcefully but told the story City, Utah Hebersides the in of the dais or stood of "three dramatic moments, two

boxes in the galleries. Several batteries of electric lights were arranged around the front of the galleries that encircle the room about

floor,the several "spots"and main Call on Us - - We're Here to Help reporters'space. in thewere down

cluh—today, toWhen the moment arrived for morrow,Pictures,this weekend.pictures, everywhere!Get your KodakAroundout!the house, at the

session"the "inaugural ofopening Call for us on want finishing—you of the Conference, Ministerthe films,—youservice. careful our want For picturemaking here to Verichrome, of information—we'recourse. For called AffairsForeign of help. Uruguay

to order,the the Presimeeting selection complete and is of Eastman always Cameras A in stock here—Kodaks

#5.00 up, and Brownie for as cameras as little #2.25. in.dent of Uruguay came The

great electric batteries, at the first sign of his coming, flooded the EASTMAN KODAK STORESChamber with a literally dazzling Incorporated light. The movie cameras beganto drone, the stillcamera shutters 155 South Main Street—Salt Lake City, Utah

to click, and here and there a stillcamera man, not sure he had enough light, exploded a charge of magnesium, with a resulting suppressed This Line Leads tooutcry of fright here and there, and a fleeting momentary apprehension pen—foras to whattheremightwerebe aboutundercurrentto hapMORE DESSERTS

murmurings and mutterings in the country, predicting violent political BUSINESSdisturbances that never came. Even the are fastest selling prepared OYAL DESSERTS R delegatessome of the had taken the market. desserts on the They meet woman's modern demand

their movie cameras into the hall for quality, variety, speed and economy 100%.

and while the proceedings went on, Feature them and make more money on desserts. The Royal

"took"what suited their taste or line points the way to increased sales and fine profits.

fancy in the gathering. At a later

meeting, when the United States was under a rather galling verbal fire from some of the delegates, oneof these camera delegates impudentROYAL ly came down in front of the DESSERTSAmerican delegation and "took"it while the United States was being Products of flayed. STANDARD BRANDS

OF CALIFORNIA Some of the "movies"were also "talkies,"and these were operated to record the more important part 376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

The Soil as a dicateswith thethathighlyhe hascomplicatedbeen impressedsystem

Living System thethe soilvariousappearslife togivingbe. Hepartscomparesof the

(Continued from Page 343) bodies of the animals with the fy. functioning parts of the soil. By

be pleasantly exalted. Soil is so analogy he conveys much interestsensitive to treatment and responds ing information about the soil. He

so delicately to every manipulation, calls one's attention to the fact that it is easy to learn to consider that the skeleton, tendons, muscles, it as a living thing. colloidal lining, digestion, respiraAn interview with a man in tory, and circulatory systems of the

Germany who has had training on animal have their counterpart in sandy soils revealed the fact that the soil. His observations are inhe would not be willing to take a teresting when one desires to confarm made up of clay soil. He felt sider the soil as a living system.

that he was dealing with two disHis line of thought elaborated tinct beings and his method of somewhat is presented as follows:

attack he knew would not bring The higher animal has a skeleton the same results. He was of the which supports the various memopinion that a lifetime would not branes and organs of the body. It MISS BLENDA CARLSON be enough to learn how to deal is the supporting framework. The

LAST fall Henager Business College was with this new soil. rock fragments constitute the skelto a student called to recommend etal upon the soil of framework body. gardener English knows The of the department theteach commercial to these Attached are the fragments his sensitivity this too. He knows Carlson School. Miss City HighPark

was recommended for the position and soil and its every mood because he many membranes and organs which her application accepted. Her work has has worked with it since childhood take part in the nutritional activfact ities that the as successful, soil by the within shownbeen mass. The father as his did grandfather and

accepted tendered already been andshe has animal tendons muscles and hold in before Japanese, him. and The year. next contract fora new place. the bones in soil colThe all fact, in peoples poslong most

has been College unBusinessHenager or gluey substances, very also loids session lands have of the same for ofall positions theable open to fill in evidence in clay soil much beexperiences. similar They teachers. a hadfice of Completion help and

Business Course in this school, considerhandle the soil as if it had a percause of the stickiness they impart, ing time and money spent, will be the best sonality. They recognize that it are the muscles and tendons which

possibly make. caninvestment one the rock fragments together. Comis reachold alive; a living a being and

all are commercial givenplete courses stomach other of The and organs it as results tion brings to suchsubjects. STARTS TERMin SUMMER the animal a colloidal have or courses the 4. regular admiration Special have which and wonJUNE

will be given during the summer months. of the world. mucous lining which absorbs and

in get best trainthe commercial toIt pays the supply of nutrient soil in regulates acquaintance the with An catalog Call, foring. write or phone new material to various parts the of reveals the are there that laboratory Visitors full information. welcomeand

soil body. colloids The which microorganisms about one billion inquiries anat promptly time any and

swered. per pound of soil. These organhold the soil fragments in place

isms are found in definite groups may be considered as colloidal or performing special functions just as mucous lining of the soil particles. HENAGER real as men do in society. These They too absorb the gases, the

BUSINESS COLLEGE organisms have their workmen liquids, and the plant foods and regulate the supply available to materials turn into form raw 45 East Broadway, Salt Lake City which roots. is taken When food for the use of other organisms and plant

other plants. They have their into the animal body it is acted

scavengers which remove that upon by the digestive juices. The

which has become toxic to certain juices contain enzymes, which are useful germs, and thus keep the soil the organic bodies which cause the reactions. needed chemical They state.

change elements so that the food Keeping Pace with massThereinarea desirablethe microscopicsanitaryexciters

Utah's Progress of pessimism, too, consisting of they can be assimilated and taken

For 27 years the West's leading fungi, bacterial disease germs, and into the various cells of the body

Dental Firm Dentists serve nematodes which make the balance to furnish energy and new cellSeven Utahregistered building material. also you in completely Soils seem if life is really equipped offices and of soillife wonder

laboratories. to have digestive liquids or juices. soil as the worthwhile. Surely

GUARANTEE! PLATES scientist works and contemplates The organisms in the soilmoisture Vulcanite Unbreakable

only gumcolored he must feel that he is dealing with secrete enzymes. They force a

$10.00 $14.00 a living thing. series of chemical reactions which

in Salt your Dental have Lake When experts. serchange the organic matter into madona Complete by work

vice in one day when necessary. JILTON WHITNEY, recent terial which can be used by bacteria

plants. chief of the of Soils Bureau of and UNION S. the digestive process in During A., wrote a book D. DENTAL the U. COMPANY

212 So. Main St. Salt Lake City some time ago entitled "Soil and animal life there is a waste maCivilization."In that book he interial thrown off. It is carried to

) J

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 377

certain organs which exist for that creating this live soil. Carelessness

is If therepurpose. to in cultivating or anything overgrazing may CULTUREinterfere elimination as proper with rains the soil to expose the BEAUTY the on

profitable fascinating; profession and A mostor gets cold, sickness if the animal slopes in a then mountain for few and ambitious young Enroll women. with Exfollows. Soils can get sick, alhours a heavy rain may wash the celcisSpecialfortuitionmost thoroughnow in andeffectmodernfor training.complete

though in a different way. There surface soil away leaving only the course. Send for free catalog.

is a large amount of waste material raw rock where once was pulsing Phone Was. 137 or mail coupon

thrown off by the soil and plant life. This accident of nature also

life growing in the earth. This eliminates life.

waste material is detrimental. As There is much which still remany as 35 organic substances mains to be learned about the soil, 221 So. West Temple Salt Lake City

which may be regarded as waste particularly the actual life part. Name material have been separated which Only the bacteria and the fungi

interfere with proper digestive achave received much attention thus Address tivities of the soil system. The far, but there is known to exist as City State

animal may need some kind of many as 100,000 per gram of difmedicine when it is sick. It must

also receive fresh air so that it can respond properly. The sick soil

also calls for definite treatment. Itmust receive its little pills in various TEMPLE BRAND

forms to rectify or nullify objectionable waste material. Sometimes a little nitrate or potash orphosphorus added will react with GARMENTSOf superior quality and workmanship

these wastes and revive the soil. manufactured for the

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE soil cultivates the drains andOne at prices And sold defying competition. ordering from us When

its air it to fresh furnish with remember we in Pay Postage the A. Anywhere U. S.

to elimiwill No.oxygen help which LADIES FOR No. FOR MEN

Flat 703 Spring.98 Weave Needle $ $1.35 662 Men's Rayon NonRun thisnate material the waste from 719 Ribbed Light 1.10 Weight Needle.. 1.10 610 Ribbed Light Spring Wt. 792 Fine Quality Lisle Cotton 1.25soilbody. 1.25 602 Lisle Quality Extra Fine 713 Light Silk Lisle Weight 1.00 and

1.25 614 Quality Ex. Med. Wt. inhale and Animals oxygen must 750 NonRun Rayon 1.10

exhale carbon dioxide under a given 736762 NonRunFine QualityRayonCotton Lt. Wt 1.3575 636650 FineNonRunQualityRayonLight Weight 1.1075

716 Extra Proof.... Fine Qualityset 1.50 664 1.95 reguconditions. of Cotton Med. Run Heavy more Wt. The

735 Light Cotton Weight 89 Only.... 601 Ribbed 1.25 Style Med. Weight Newlarly this the better can go on for 720 Super Quality 1.75 635 89 Style Light NonRun Rayon Cotton Wt. New

soil 10cthe health Garments for Request. of the Marked animal. 15c Upon The

Prices Subject Sizes Notice. Without 46 to Change for Over Cotton—SilkCharge Extra 20%absorbs allows carbon oxygen and not fail to specify if Style or Do for or state Also Old and if Woman. New Mandioxide to diffuse into outer atmosor short sleeve, short or long legs are wanted. Give accurate Bust Measurement,long

phere. The oftener this interHeight and Weight. Samples Sent Upon Request.

change of gases goes on the healthier SALT KNITTING STORE LAKE the soil. 42 So. Main St., Salt KNITTING Lake City, Utah—OLDEST STORE IN UTAH

The blood of man flows freely through the body distributing oxygen, regulating temperature and——!!—H—.—H ii it

supplying food; it carries the wastes

to the organs that eliminate them Education Plus Vacation at from the body. So too, the water the Alpine Session

First the 11July Term—-June as the At be considered the soilof may will Session to move Summerof

feet 7,000 too on Aspen20—thethe Groveclose Mt. Timpanogos the soil up of body. Itblood

carries the nutrients to the various Vacation.where EducationHigh scholasticbecomes standardsalso Recreation—are mainparts where most needed. It dismatchedtained inin anthe intermountainenvironment ofWest.grandeur untributes temperature so essential to ALPINE TERM: JULY 23AUGUST 24

soil life. It also does its part in TWENTYTHIRDHIKE:ANNUALJULY 2021TIMPANOGOS

the elimination of wastes.

"LONG AND SHORT RANGE "THIS analogy serves as a splendid ARROWS"vehicle for conveying to man beautifullyDr. GeorgeboundH. Brimhall'sin blue cloth,Sermonetteswith an

many ideas which help him to conintroduction by President F. S. Harris and

sider the soil as a living system. a brief biography by Professor Alice Louise

One may continue this analogy Reynolds wilt be off the press June 6.

farther and say that an accident of Reserveof wisdomyourat copyonce. of Deseretthis dynamicBeok Combook

nature, for example a flood, may pany, Salt Lake City, Utah, or Brigham sweep the animal out of existence. Young University Press, Provo, Utah.

So too, one realizes that the real For Information and Terms Address life part of the soil is the surface exist soil where and bacteria humus UNIVERSITY YOUNG BRIGHAM nature has abundance,in where 1 PROVO,fKUVU,II 'i || ||UTAHU of years *—II—busy M- II "i ti n itl—II——MIH—-Hi for hundredsbeen II—1|—|| AHiiM—m—!! i!)—it—

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

ferent forms of algae, the tribe of take advantage of the facts, we may

monly seen forming green strings the soil for the benefit of man. Bring Us green plants which are so comhope to get the best results, in using

research the the gardener in water. Future and on The farmer

for FILM Your KODAK soil, reveal consider botanist dirt or should not as Expert Develpart of the may oping;, Printing Enlarging. and

We solict out of town mail orders. many great and wonderful things mud, but as a living, dynamic part

about this form of soil life. The of nature, if he wishes to be most

zoologists, too, have much to do successful. So must all men who Utah Photo Materials Go. in the future relative to soil life work with the soil. There should Incorporated

PHOTO SUPPLIES because it has already been found be no such things as dirt farmers 27 West South Temple that there are as many as 15,000,- anymore. The farmer does not

25 Years in Business 000 little worms, spiders, flies, work with dirt alone. He works

etc, in that to the degree with life nematodes, and he an Colored mosquitoes, Correct Kodak accepts ScenicFinishing—HandViews as this sucwill his soil, as well thought, acre of average hunWasatch 2235 dreds of thousands of little animals cess be.

known as protozoa; but, the exact The organs of the soil are many

part they play in soil economy is and seem to function similarly to very much unknown at the present the organs of man. The soil body

Attention Bishops! time.to the Theylife activitiesmust contributeof the muchsoil, sponds.responds Treatas the itanimalproperlybodyandreit

Help the missionary work along and some day we shall undoubtedly responds well; treat it improperly the at

BUREAU OF INFORMATION know more about this. There are and it gets sick. Be neglectful of

by getting your far too few investigators in this its demands and it becomes peevish;

as fondle it will respond it and but in time, of work, many Sacrament Sets field desires; it dies. starve will zoologists it and dediman and botanists

From Us cate their lives to the unfolding of If we learn its little demands and PRICES: LOW NEW will in every science. this the soil cater to them branch of soil Water SILVER

plated tray—heavywith three dozen I fold. this return to us necessarily very particular 100 hope that

glasses $16.00 brief outline has shown you that It will give evidence of its appreglasses Extra

is not inert, but it is very ciation as much as will a human BREAD TRAYS91.00 and $1.25 per $7.50doz. the soil

much alive. If we know this and being. Bureau of Information

Block Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 4 *m *m,, 'm "* m "m *m = Perils and ice,ing. an Theyextremelyhad treacherousto strugglefootto

Pleasures of roundthey dida difficultso they corner,saw beforebut whenthem the of the Matterhorn top not more Climbing Time to Paint! Mountain feet above. than 200 (Continued from page 331)

Time to Clean! ] $ tion,BeforeWhymperstartinghadonlearnedthis expedithat a

Whymper succeeded in reaching its wellequipped party of Italians had

For Best Results, Use top, but his guide found it too got a two days'start of him.

steep. That ended the achieveNaturally Whymper feared that he

the attack to returned so striven for he had for which BENNETT'S Whymperments on this trip. Year after year might be robbed of the triumph year each but dauntless peak, years. of his members he many The

failed. Six fruitless attempts he party kept a close lookout for signs

'Properly made; yet they were not entirely of the Italians, but discovered none.

fruitless, for through them he As they neared the summit their learned all the angles and caprices anxiety increased. What if their

Insurance; of the stern peak. rivals had approached from the

In the hope of winning out, other side and descended in safety?

Whymper returned once more, this This thought spurred them to suPAINT PRODUCTS ampletime withprovisions.a partyTheyof eightpaid speand premereached efforts,the summit.and atIt lastwas onlythey

Cleansers cial attention to methods of roping after they had explored every foot it that they established their and the members of the party together. of reached an they the second day On was the first to Polishes attained; before altitude never in point—Whymperscale the Matterhorn.

BENNETT GLASS & greatward. excitementThe worktheybecamepushed moreforAS they scanned the ridges below,

PAINT CO. difficult. They took each step with one of them suddenly discov61-65 W. First South Was. 54 the utmost caution. But to their ered their rivals as mere specks of

amazement, the general slope of black, on a snowcovered ridge

Dealers Throughout the the mountain was less than forty 2,000 feet below. To send a Intermountain Country

degrees. Often the whole rock signal, all hands set to work prying

face was covered with a glaze of loose rock and tumbling it over the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 379

edge. Soon an avalanche was in was turned to mourning when they

motion. The black dots scurried learned at what a fearful price the away. Matterhorn had been conquered. MAKE MONEY

at raised a tent pole they Next each Income at steady week, home, EARN workingoil. miniatures photos famous Learn and the unfurled a and summit man's this weeks. "Koehnecoloring in lew done by inWork Method"big experience talent art method nor demand. No blouse. in in Zermatt Watchers this needed. for independent become Send way. inMany

booklet, at After Heartbreak free Home."Money "Make the valley the signal below saw Inc. SCHOOL, NATIONAL ART

and soon spread the tidings that By Catherine E. Berry 3601 Michigan Ave., Dept. 418-A, Chicago, 111.

been conquerthe Matterhorn had give because thanks I found T SHOULD ed. Fortunately a * remarkit was my way We Salute You M. I. A. ably clear day, one of the and that interlude dark of pain and Through Leaders tears, world's most panoramas wondrous

saying among the "Mormons"Because spread before of carrying I found at last a brighter day, for It'smanybeenyearsa tritethat the work the climbers. out New dreams and hopes to lead me through be shifted to the shoulders of the young onor willthe

"To the west,"writes Whymthe years. "Rising Generation."You are here assembled and

represented the present not you. thousands but by per, "gorgeous in the will assist carrying are a constructive that on work

I should give thanks that I somehow fill qualifying themselves those the to youth in rose of the monarch responsibilities degree to attained fullall—Mountsunlight a seldom any escaped by

Blanc. feet other congratulations group. thousand to you go Our who Ten pitfalls and the mire surrounding below The me, are so and'faithfully that splendid efficiently doing us green were the fields of Zermatt bruised Though by stones and by snarled work.

in soliciting of aids securscraped, the chief and branches One dotted with chalets, from which of cooperation the to provide your members on and blue rose lazily. smoke There I carried entertainment. This now at last I'm free. wholesomeing may expressis

most effectively were forests black and gloomy and I should give thanks for shackles torn OPERETTAS, itself PAGEANTS,in; FOLKRELIGIOUSDANCES,ANDPLAYS,HISTORICAL PARADES. fertile lively, bright meadows and away,

are in district. the heart of the shopping We That wastes, give my eyes a blessed inner sight, lands and mauve sunny it place This a convenient your makes to meet

I friends, leave packages. extra Because Incidentally while you found plodding through plains frigid plateaus. and There for yourself needs the with acquaint the may comday, each

is ing season. stock quite especomplete, Our were the the forms and most shall follow every That dawn stormy cially lines in called for organization. the by your graceful cliffs and night. assist will can Anything do to we be you most ruggedoutlines—bold

readily willingly rendered. and gentle slopes, rocky mountains and

I give silent in prayer, every Salt Co., Inc. my thanks The Lake Costume mountains,snowy with a wealth

So. Main Wasatch 1035 into stepping that stones old despair! 246

spires. of pinnacles, St.LAKE CITY, UTAH SALT cone's and We Turn

remained for one crowded hour of glorious life, then prepared to descend."

So far all had gone well. Six

men were roped together so that if one should fall the others would save him. Suddenly one of"the

men slipped. He knocked over the

man next to him. The third man

in the line was dragged from his position. Whymper and the others

braced themselves for the shock.

The rope was taut between them.

All would have gone well, but at that critical moment the rope broke, and the three men shot down the face of the Matterhorn, then were launched four thousand feet into space.

The two guides, with Whymperbetween them, were left shivering Enjoy the Natural BEACH PLAYGROUND on the mountain side. The guides onUmbrellas,the whitewheresandyyoulakemayshore.soak inEquippedthe healthfulwith scoresultravioletof gaywithoutcolored dangerBeach

were panicstricken. They shrieked of overexposure. Frequent bathing in this buoyant salty inland sea brings

in hysterics: "We are lost! We happiness and builds robust vitality.

are lost!"And they surely would FOR YOUR PLAYTIME HOURS

have been lost if it had not been Come to Saltair and Dance, Swim, Relax, Laugh and Play. Bring your

for the heroic spirit of Whymper, friends and enjoy an old fashioned basket picnic.

who actually forced them to proceed. When they reached an easier

grade the men tore down the cliff at a mad pace. The wonder is

that any of them survived. They

found shelter that night in a little stone cave where they huddled together to keep next warm. The

greatest value in amusement "The the World"their friendsmorning in Zermatt 1 5 Minute Highway on New hurrying celecame to toward them

Electric Trains—Paved—FastDrive theirbrate victory, their but joy

38C THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 *&*j&r**Ori'<Or*-Or*i<><-Gr*-&>ir><r*<&r*<& The Other Millie somewith newme? faceI forgotpowderI today."had to get

Morton time, "Oh,Mil—it'sdo get DawnFlowerposi-ficely thisthe (Continued from Page 340) grandest powder. And someOrinting &. -4 DawnFlower rouge, too,—they

less little housewifely things go together, you know."

around the home. And as sure as Was it the Other Millie Morprompting Millie Mamie? at ton, time to sit found down has been called "the art Millie felt surely it must be. She bought certain the piano, be would Dad

preservative of ail arts."to ask her to play his old favorites recklessly, the powder, the rouge,

or Mother's, and the new classics lipstick, and perfume also, though she had meant to work on would Dawn -Flower was a highpriced be laid aside. line and her conscience pricked seThrough the printer's craft After the precious hours were verely when she paid for her purthe wisdom and the art of spent, the Other Millie Morton chases.

the ages have been prewould come—a most insistent kind served and disseminated. of phantom then—reproaching 1HEN they stopped at

Millie for not using her time the Public Library and Millie took properly. home a volume of famous essays.

"You'll never be like me. You "Real highbrow!"the jubilant

Have you considered how aren't half trying."Mamie exclaimed. "Now you're

you, too, can use this mighty "I never can, anyway,"Millie on the right track at last, Millie."

force to make your tasks said one night, despairingly. The Other Millie stood by approvingly. could. could "Oh, yes, you You

inget easier, or to broaden the cirperhaps to be even "I will try to be like you,"Millie Stan cle of your influence. terested in you. He used to like whispered to her. "I will take

you, didn't he?"more time for improving myself.

"A little bit. But—but now he Use More belongs to Star. She's everything Afterto the all,homeI owecornerit to shemyself."carriedAndher

triPrinting his Milliewife shouldacceptedbe."that as fact. umphant.new resolution like a banner

Humbly. Achingly. A group of youngsters stood in

She was walking slowly along front of the Morton cottage, near the Emporium one afternoon, watching the departure of a shabby halfwaiting for Mamie, who'd old black sedan. That was Dr.

to the office for Roland's to go back sudden knew car—MillieStye had

at something, Stan's big gray had happened fear. What when home?

glided to a stop at the curb A towheaded boy saw Millie JJreaH coupe first. not ten feet away. i His smile, as he met her surprised "Jack's hurt, Mil!"he yelled.

PRINTERS, BINDERS, glance, set Millie to quivering from She stopped dead still, dreading

RULERS head to foot. It was a thrilling to hear more.

moment. "Aw, it's just a sprained ankle,

to worry about,"a 29 Richards Street "Hello, Stan,"she managed to—nothing

larger boy Salt Lake City, Utah say. Millie, a "Bin, said, hurryingthere"—withto meet "Hello, yourself,"he returned

scornful glance at the towhead say gayly. seemed about to And "he'd scare death over nothyuh to

it as out of nowhere, more, when ing! were, Star Hathaway appeared.

this minute, here you're "Lucky BE Millie hurried into the house, INDEPENDENT a great loving only of

Vocation Other So Profitable Stan. running No mind D'you me pityconscious for Jack. sprained ankle A frightfully in a hurry? ENROLL I'm NOW I home all after his for tournathe hopes at the Course a Complete For late,"said, into the she climbing ment!

car as if she owned it. Not even

Quisfi School of Beauty Culture seeing Millie. Jack, somewhat pale, but smilthe ing, looked up from among in the The Best West at Millie. once Stan glanced more bless cushions. couch "Game, 804-9 Ezra Thompson salute, in smiling his hat Bldg. Touched Millie. "Smiling him!"thought SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

gone. and was in spite She Information For Further of everything—."So was Call and Catalog his beloved the thrill. Millie felt saw racquet on a table

Wasatch 7560 or weak and sick. Then she became near him.

Fill in This angry. joined the time Mamie By before her Things swam crazily Coupon her, in a Millie was new and deeyes: distorted, the racquet, blurtermined state of mind. red; "Pop"Morton, opening his

"Mamie, do you mind coming lips to speak. * * * Blindly,

around to the White Cross Drug Millie fled.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 i 381

"My gosh!"Jack said, bewil-

I know, Pop.dered. "What—oh,

She doesn't know yet it isn't a real HOTEL GRAND NEW tour-—tellsprain after all. Go tell her, Pop Main at 4th South H. Thompson, Mer. M. tell her,nament—Docher I'm saidnot outso. ofGothe

Pop. But who'd 've thought she'd

take it like that?"

Stan West dropped in to see Salt Lake City's Most PopularJack that evening. Mighty glad,

he said, to find the injury less seriMedium Priced Hotel ous than he'd heard.

"Can't do without you to play I. A. Visitorsfor us, you know,"he told Jack, Welcome M.

who beamed at his idol.

Millie was helping Bendy to make a summary of the Treaty of

Mersen. "So this is the way you spend your evenings,"Stan said to her.

"I've wondered."

She looked up quickly, her heart leaping. Had he?. But of course

couldnot; he She was teasing. YOUR WELFARE X to say; just smiledthink of nothing

shyly.at him, is best served Genevieve came, wanting Then

one do else wouldMillie—no skinby buying to put a fresh bandage on her

ned knee. When Millie came back

to the livingroom again, Stan was gone. "What an opportunity lost!"sighed the Other Millie, now en- | Utah Beet Sugar

dowed with a gracious charm and sparkling wit. "You're so dumb NONE BETTER—just dumb!"

Jack must, Dr. Roland had said,

a for invalid be a few good days, At All Good Grocers severely been the for ankle had wrenched and must be cared for.

So, distasteful though he found it,

Jack stuck to his couch and permitted himself to be waited upon.

Millie returned the book of essays unread and, during her hours Salt Lake eity's Newest Popular Hotel at home, hovered near her brother like a guardian angel. At times

her solicitude got on his nerves. HOTEL

\/N Saturday afternoon, she prepared dinner, selectTEMPLE ing Jack's favorite dishes. She

arranged his bedside table festively, with a dainty cloth and the prettiest SQUARE dishes, and a brightred tulip in a 200 Rooms each with vase. slender in Absorbed a mysTile Bath

terystory, attention Jack paid no to her preparations. Rates

Neither of them heard the buzz $1.50 to $4.00

of the doorbell, nor saw Genevieve Radio Connections for open the hall door to admit someone tall and dark and good to look Every Room upon. But at that moment Jack Opposite Great Mormon Temple

looked up and saw the table and ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager exploded; Millie, and

"My gosh, Mil!—take that

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934

stuff away! It gives me the jitters.

she learned that How you do like to fuss things!"1HEN

weeks. for town more than two presence. discovered Stan's had When Your SheMillie heard not a word of it. Star Hathaway had been out of into tiny the dreams crumbled across the room, amused And came He

and at ease. memories, precious as Stardust, and

shiningly crystal, like tears. Home Burns "That's gratitude for you! I

again. Millie Other came The

it didn't think you, of Jack. What

stern. She certain There's of was amount a Millie?"to do him, shall we

to could that have held comfort should fire him know "You destroy your home tonight that "Stan—Mr. West!"Jack exyes, you could. If you had been

you are covered by Fire Insurclaimed, delight overpowering his like me!"

ance. embarrassment. Millie wondered Millie wept over that, and enif her face was alight, as Jack's was. dured furious heartache. Such insurance will indemnify

here to Stan punish you,""I'm said "hadn't "Mil,"we Mamie, loss for incurred the you and let see. repeated. me "Now getsee I'll better the about Old Man allow to rebuild you your home

sit eat, here beside while you you ting the vacations our week?"same financial hardship. without

see the that to you do justice and already about to spoke "He me

It's deal to worth a good have setting. instead afterward, And Millie answered. of mine,""Asked

in this protection times. these like as visiting you'd you I know if I'd the second taking mind me in our agent See your town. Millie to do, ask going I'm me to it in I said June, and would week

to go riding with me. How's that be all right with me."

for punishment?"stars, you "But, my Mil—have "Capital!"Jack retorted. "I'm going to that forgotten were we

quartered. UTAH HOME FIRE hung, drawn, and FinHaven-inthe-Hills? Why,

INSURANCE CO. ished!"doesn't open regular till the fifit

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. less"Notthere'syet,"moreStan ofsaid.this "Sogingerun- teenth.""Well, you see, I can't go after

General Agents bread, you can do without any. all,"Millie said gently..""I meant tell you sooner—20 South Main Street This piece is mine. My special to

Salt Lake City, Utah weakness, Millie.""Millie Morton! What have

When the enchanted evening was you done with your vacation ended, Millie remembered her money?"Mamie demanded. "L

phantom companion. got a hunch you sent it to that

"You forgot all about me,"the college brother of yours!"

Other Millie accused, standing by There were times when Mamie's

Millie's bedside. "You had no "hunches"were uncanny.

admitted. it,"Millie "Part of there dignity. laughed when You

some, still have enough but not let "I to laugh at. *k was nothing You

to spend a week at Havenin-the- c*V your hair blow everywhich-way, and your nose got frightfully Hills. Dale really needed it,

shiny. He laughed at you!"Mamie, and I don't mind staying

home."Never have gasoline "With me!"pleaded Millie. "I never saw your equal, Mil.

insisted. you,"the Other "At hopeless You're claims so quickbeen—posifrVe-ly

Millie! Millie, I am, Here "Oh, hopeless! you're an hon, Oh, ly proved underand qualities all and the charming with unselangel, so sweet darned and

scored by hundreds of accomplishments that go to make fish and all."Tears of honest thousands of drivers 'class'—the sort of thing Stan West affection glistened in Mamie's eyes.

intent only on finding has known all his life. I'd be good "But nobody appreciates anybody

enough for Stan and his big house. for things like that. You got to a better gasoline at

if probably he'll never take stick rights for your you ever up a "regular"price. At But—oh,you out again!"life. Vositive- out of get any fun

Red Triangle Stations. But he did. He took Millie one ly you do. I'm telling you!"

evening to dine and dance at 'The But Fate, it developed, had been

Three Trees'; and again they had kind.

a long drive through a moonlit "Boy, you got a break that

May evening whose every moment time,"Jack said, when she menwas pure ecstacy. Another time he tioned to the family the news of

seamed weary, and appeared to enher early vacation. "The tournajoy just sitting there in the Morment comes off that week. Just

ton livingroom, talking with the wait till I tell Stan."

."whole family. Millie was too hap- "Jack! Don't you dare—

py, then, to think of the Other "Oh, of course, I'll be careful

Millie. She even began to dream what I say. But there's no harm

little jewellike dreams in which just mentioning it, is there? Gosh,

Stan West had a definite and im- I guess a fellow can be glad his own portant place. sister can come to see him play!"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 383

"Hinting!"she thought the

Other Millie commented. "But

what does it matter? He's only

interested in you because of Jack.

Now, if you were I—."Socially Uorred andAlways Appropriate

Stan insisted that she was to see every game with him. "With you

there to root for him, Jack will play still better. And you need

me with you to explain all the fine points of the playing,"he added teasingly.

She wondered just how much he meant that and decided that she didn't care. After all, Stan hadn't

had to ask her.

"Oh, yes,"Stan continued, "and you must come with me to the preTournament dance at the Club that is, if you're not dated already for that.""Why, of course I'm not. That's

love to go withtwo weeks off—I'd

you, Stan."

The Other Millie was cross.

"You didn't need to be surprised so, and let him see it,"she told

Millie. "Star Hathaway's probably been dated a week already,

for an important party like that."

"Oh, what's the use?"Millie

"I'll never be differentdespaired. J. elegrap alCongratulations by Jostal Butthan I am. anyway—I'll

ways have this much happiness to remember!"Golden treasures of

memory, to store away against the bleakness of days when Stan would Whether it be to the happy mother and be lost to her! proud father of the baby just arrived... or

it is today... DHE decided to use to someone whose birthday

what she wanted of her remaining or to the joyful couple just married... or

"vacation money"for extra clothes.

She bought a darling, crispy, paleto dear friends who are celebrating their green organdy frock, and green wedding anniversary—the congratulatory

linen pumps to go with it, for the dance. For the tournament, a telegram* is always appropriate and apprewith ensemble, sportspretty white ciated. Moreover, it is extremely easy to send "Undies,"accessories to match.and hose, and gloves. Incidentally, a telegram—just go to your telephone, ask

she carried home a lot of pretty things for Mother and Genevieve the operator for Postal Telegraph, and dicand the twins, just for the fun of tate your message—the charges will appear

surprising them.

Mamie, a willing shoppingas- on your regular telephone bill.

sistant, approved the selections, though not overenthusiastically. j/t Congratulatory telegrams are delivered on specially designed blanks in special envelopes.

"They're real sweet, Millie.

like you, just seemSomehow they THE INTERNATIONAL SYSTEM do. I wishposifrue-ly they But

you'd get some with more class/'"I've just about given up that idea,"Millie said soberly. "I'vetried to remember the things you Postal Telegraph

and—andtell me, andmywhat'phantomMadame comsaid, Commercial \$ QUQmerica

panion'that I might be myself. Cables Cables

But I always think of them too late."fflaekay Radio

It was like a cloud over her hap-

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1934 piness. A tiny cloud, but threatening. 1HE 'Aery'was a tiny hearwait.youI'llsaywaityouforever,don't care.ratherYou'vethan

almost of a steep, perched atop Millie."a gorinn to love dancingparty got me, made The

hill. blufflike, park had to They distress more than shegeous His was Music that wound memory.

itself around her heart like invisible the car and climb a long flight of could bear.

golden chains. Her dances cut into stairs through a narrowterraced "Oh, it's not that Stan! I do

it. terraces to get garden, to the On Stan's. cried. sheagain have,"and again—except?"could I always stone benches where were one a in the his dances with ontoStan held "Then what world—rest ascent; the Millie dropduring that him, hisdetermination held from was thrilling, her away He

and looked after her every comped onto one, out of breath. Stan, hands holding her shoulders so that

fort in a way that made her feel untired by the exertion, remained she had to face him, while his eyes glamorously important. * * * It standing, towering above her. searched hers.

was so indescribably lovely, so terThe sun was going down, in one The Other Millie Morton seemrifyingly sweet! of those rare golden settings that ed to be standing between them.

occur the sky when Millie's at her sometimes to be hontournament. Stan it was way The is And cloudless. It spread to have seemed silent. covering a sensation,side. be est; she could Jack not even

a veil of yellow gauze over the glory. Stan. not any withhimself I'm them and "It's—-me, valley.

be. wife "I'll bet should for State of the things your him Chamon

pion in another year,"Stan told "Isn't it—beautiful!"Millie I'm not smart, nor accomplished

as half whispered, if to speak aloud so ordinary as droveMillie they homeward nor clever. I—I'm spell that break the magic might Millie's finalafter face burned match. proud the "I'm no 'class—'."

her. held I voice broke. her discovered andto think Jack—liter- "I'll tell 'em,"Stan answered. If It out. readyto-burst.ally up, puffed Stan would see that was

in his her tone Something made she couldn't the she spoken had were own brother, my truth—that at quickly him. was up He

. for he wise being Milglance and him, happened, what's was Why,—he at sunset, looking, the not at but

feel grateful her, perhaps, to lie?"would

eye,"her.. 'for that. The end of the golden "I—I got something in my said Millie, dabbing furiously at "Why—why—days had come.

daroutright, foolish, a laugh laughed Stan unexpected tears with her right—you ling. he said, gladfull of bit so sudden "Beautiful,Sweetheart—,"all relief and of a handkerchief.

dropping down beside her and takness, that it sounded almost harsh. Stan brought the car to an abrupt

stop. ing her in his arms. He took Millie into his arms again, "Why,

let determinedly. help. That's "Here, no me

"Millie, at look Stan!"darling—don't the object an from to remove Iway all ideas sweet, crazy the "Of that Surely way! you me knew

eye. it. every of! heard Oh, So that's I everyone love you. I'm knows

I Millie got it,"mind. "Never for 'ordinary'Millie! me, crazy Millie. about you, I want shakily. laughed are you're you? to dear."me, you marry TooOrdinary—when Surer is I girl ever the only knew who stark Stan!"Dark, "But—but "Sure!"I like be! to as exactly 'em tragedy in a her eyes was which

sat lookfor a long moment, He I what want my justListen—-here's before the mirrored had moment quizically. at ing an her She had affecto be; wife who's someone brilliant sky.

her that conviction uncomfortable loves tionate thoughtful and and sweetheart? wrong, "What's

angle, that hat the at was wrong over be her can gay home; who if don't Oh, answer you'd now

its at shiniest worst, her nose was a all, at quiet nothing and when rather I've not. too spoken soon

all in that wriggling she but was tired just fellow's peace; wants and I afraid I'll I was would. But selfconsciousness. Star Hathaway pretty things loves someone who—or the Other Millie—would but doesn't put them first in imif a doesn't fuss never have been guilty of wrigAmbition portance—who gling! curl or a her dress wrinkle gets into

"You're such a sweet kid,"Stan By Gertrude Stanton blows out of place; someone who's

as if he murmured. Then interested in me—someone—whose to write wanted a poem, had said CHE his attention turned too much, he eyes have golden lights in them to the little claimed ones her care; *** But

immediately to starting the car There were tears to wipe, and meals to tell me when she's happy, someone again. cook, that I'm going to kiss, right

At the next corner they turned And childish burdens to share.."now—

off Bridger Street and headed toShe wanted to paint a picture, Convincing words. Equally

ward the country. But stockings she must mend; convincing action.

taking "I thought were you to were little me There garments cut and make to entasks end. without And homely in Millie a small ventured home,"

certainly velop HeavenlyMillie—alightlightseemedthat voice.

She wanted to soar in music had not its origin in any sunset.

Stan's eyes were intent on the Till she felt that near heaven was

But, chickens in the were garden patch, But the Other Millie Morton road.

And a friend was in need of cheer. perfect grooming, gracious poise,

goWe're mind. "Changed my cleverness, smartness, and all—was ing 'Aery'for out to the our dinAnd so she missed both fame and gold definitely in that moment

neither the She the had other, one nor celebrate."relegated in to a place manently ner—to and perall that she For to was make a home, The miles outer darkness. ForUnwanted. all she that mother. dropped away behind And didwas—a them. gotten.

.

\ I / ( 'i r -..\Ad; i p\ "\ 3 l

is gift, these personality days, being I instantly said about choice of of an a Christmas thought Era so we myMUCH

I believe I treasure the gifts subscription, of all and this statement it most Ogden, think Anderson, from Andrew M.

Utah, is timely: "I think you are doing a splendid job with I received, as it will seem like twelve gifts instead of one.

the Era. It has a personality all its own. In addition to Really, I can hardly understand how you are able to publish

maintaining its high religious and moral levels, you have such a high class magazine for only $2 per year for raised its literary standards considerably."He goes on: "You each sub. I have enjoyed hearing the Era complimented by

are also making a real contribution to our Church by stimunon-Mormons among whom I work constantly and to whom lating and encouraging creative literary effort on the part of I have at different times loaned the magazine because I feel our own writers."that when any article has benefited me, it becomes my duty

i i i to pass it on to my fellowmen. * * * You have the assurance,

I 'HE story, 'Some Beautiful Way,'is as lovely a story as indeed, of my satisfaction with the Erp, and most heartily * I have ever read,"writes Phebe Robinson, Providence, I wish you continued success, joy and happiness in your

Utah. "I like the covers, too,"she continues; "my favorite work, for I know it is a great one and one inspired by Our

being the orange and black one of the 'Wheat'."Heavenly Father.

"3044 Elliot Avenue, there not, indeed, Rust, Mrs. on the from down

Minnesota. "Minneapolis, said Pardon, Kaibab I shouldWHYKaibab. i i 1 1 1 1 on in the have

the Buckskin Mountain! "While enjoying the stories and "April 5, 1934.

the poems of the Easter issue yesterday, the thought struck "Dear Editor:

enclosed a "verses'socalled are sent to you, not with "PHE the Editor.'a line tome, appreciation write of 'Why not

accepted L hope for publication, of having them for but I the impulse,So, obeying to tell you I was want how thrilled with the Easter editorials and the beautiful poems criticism, constructive and frank, as to whether there is any and stories."Thus runs a letter from Mrs. Will S. Rust. merit, or hidden talent lurking among the lines.

"OROM North Bay, Ontario,f f Canada,1 comes this note from fills"Theme withwrittenlongingword,to whetheruse it asprosethe mediumor lyric, throughfascinateswhichme, to escape the of silence world past the lived I have in which in renewing Charles E.* Mrs. "I have slow Rea: been my

years, since twentytwo childhood. friends Teachers have and I subscription. get without feel I cannot alongEra 'The Era'

fired the to within ambition efforts, write, praising me, my I thein learn pleasure and home. from get much Era my

I hesitant, but their fearing praises largely are due, to am things the the pertaining to Gospel. only membermany I am

surprise is that I shall deaf one so can who I this cityin feel of magazine every people need and 15,000 write—and

greatly if appreciate spare can valuable of you some your like souls you, lonethe puts R&a, Mrs. out."and Church

we'd like to have something special for every one of you time to answer this, to tell me frankly what your opinion is.

every time. "The Era is a wonderful publication. It lifts my spirit

up and out of the daily round, into the realm of beauty and(\F course we have not111forgotten to send those indexes, and intelligence, encourages and strengthens my ideals and hopes, desire live renews to to true fineness greatness the that and my will other also to to send people have wish—them who

is Mormonism. Director of Subscription As Era Campaign Basel,their Switzerland, volumes Elder Quayle bound. Ward,

I doing to what can boost am Please the magazine. send trust towrites: that "I forgotten have not you our here,accept congratulations best successful wishes for the and I my office ten indexes the editions for 193233 the of Era, Volume

continuation it. of the fine Era and your upon work own 3 received adds: as yet Elder 6, but not have them."we Ward

"We are just as anxious as ever to receive The Improvement "Sincerely and hopefully,

Era and look forward to receiving every number. We com- "Margaret E. Maslin."

pliment you on its fine contents and appearance."

i ARE THESE STATEMENTS TRUE? / 1

r[IS letter from San Anselmo, California, touched us and "PHE American Legion's lobby rightly claims the fatherhood * of of America's most veterans'legislation. World War

their to as lobbyists, energy food—spiritualis the Due the of our number Worldfood—formade usourpraypeople:that the"DearEra mayBrethren:furnish Enclosed

renewal of my subscription to the Era. I'm out of work and War pensioners increased by 886% between 1919 and l 929.

my money is low, but I feel the Lord will bless me and I need but in every other country they showed a substantial decrease. *

the Era for the spiritual messages it brings to me and mine. "But in almost all of the schemes, the prime object of the

Your brother in the cause of Truth, H. S. R."lobby usually has been to add to the number of persons

drawing pensions rather than to increase the awards to any hope "One of Ours"111will like this letter as much as we class of individuals. A man drawing a $12 monthly disWEdid: "It was my pleasure to find a delightful little play ability allowance has one vote to deliver; if his allowance

in the January edition of The Improvement Era,"writes were doubled he would have no more. Spread the money,

Franc Rae Jennings, Glendale, California. "Having enjoyed then, build up the voting machine; for in numbers lies

it I passed it on to a teacher friend, Miss J. Beeler, who is power. * * *"

directing a sixth grade unit in 'Western Movement'in the "Yet, year after year, the Legion's lobby publicly declare

Burbank City schools. Miss Beeler tells me the play was that they will continue the fight to wrest from the American

successfully used in her class to demonstrate the 'mood and people decent and proper care for the disabled.

spirit'of the Utah phase of the 'Western Movement.'We "But what has this fight affected? Very little in material

both hope to find many such plays by Miss Hinckley in benefits for wardisabled men, for two reasons: First, the

The Improvement Era. She has good technique and an material relief which was long ago provided for actually

unusual ability to express the gentle and good without sentiwar-disabled men was fairly generous. Second, our actually

mentality. If you wish to pass this on to her I should be glad wardisabled men are so few that, from the politician's point

to have her know our opinion."of view, they are not worth wooing.

"Some of the worst injured and most deserving of ouiTNEZ HALL writing from111Atchison, Kansas, in a letter to the veterans, it appears, so little enjoy the stench that has gradually * assistant business manager of the magazine, among other gathered about the American World War pension that they things says: "The Christmas number was a most beautiful prefer not to acquire it."Katherine Mayo, "Widows and

one. I read with much interest concerning the making of the Orphans Last,"Herald Tribune Magazine.

unusual cover design. Now, since receiving my January It may prove enlightening to read her "Soldiers, What

number and viewing that perfect picture on the cover and Next?"Katherine Mayo is a vigorous writer, having pronoting the clever and unique way in which the contents have duced the stirring book, "Mother India."

been arranged, and the wealth of material they contain, I can't The question which confronts the American people is, help but thrill when I think of what the future numbers will were senators and congressmen wise when recently they overpresent. Little wonder then that when I was asked concerning rode the veto of the President of the United States?

in thePROTECTION

> FULLEST DEGREE COME THRU LIFE INSURANCE

Start life together in accordance with the code of sound judgment

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY

%. o Directors HEBER J. GRANT

A. W. IVINS

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

GEO.

E. T. J.RALPHSCANNON 1ENBHALIR

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH B. F. GRANT HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, General mgr.

DAVID O. MCKAY

A. B. C. OHLSON Home Office Salt Lake City