I

-*4v.-?

FEBRUARY, 1935 Return Postage Guaranteed SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

YOU May Secure the Scout Picture for Framing

Many who saw the Scout Picture, which is used in the middle of this issue of The Improvement Era, before we went to press, thought it ought to be made available for those who would like a copy for framing. We have decided,

therefore, to have it reprinted on a fine grade of cover paper with a tint block giving it a twocolor effect, upon the condition that we get approximately 1000 orders for it. We will mail it to any address in the United States, Canada, or

the British Isles for 25c each. Where ten or more are ordered and may be

mailed in a single package to one address, they may be had for 15c the copy.

If you want one, send in your order immediately. Unless we have the orders

at once we cannot furnish the pictures.

We think this double spread will make a fine wallhanging for the boy's room and will be especially good for Scout dens and rooms in the chapels. Prints, colored individually by Paul S. Clowes, the

artist, may be arranged for.

Order Now—Send Stamps, Money Orders, or Checks

Be Sure to Give Name and Address When Ordering

The IMPROVEMENT ERA 50 NORTH MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

The Apostles of the Church for 100 Years

February 14, 1835, the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles was first organized in this dispensation. Celebrating this important event and the One Hundred Fifth Anniversary of

the Organization of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, The Improvement Era is planning a historical number for

April which will contain a brief, comprehensive history of the quorum.

Events—Portraits—Maps—Historic Scenes and Buildings

These, and many more interesting features will be found in this number. Artists are already at work; the Church Historian's Office is lending

its support. That April issue is to be a "round up"of a hundred and five

years of Mormonism.

Extra Copies of the April Number, 50c

Our Subscribers Will Receive That Number at no Extra Cost

The IMPROVEMENT ERA 50 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah

REGENT OF HUNGARY REVIEWING BOY

SCOUTS OF INTERNATIONAL JAMBOREE GODOLLA, HUNGARY. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CODE Heber J. Grant, Editor EDITORIALS

Harrison R. Merrill, Scouting and Boys Ruth May Fox 99

Managing Editor A Boy and a Valentine E. T. B. TT

Elsie Talmage Brandley, Associate Editor ARTICLES Cyrus E. Dallin 66 the Priesthood QuoFrontispieceOrgan of 68 President Roosevelt Broadcasts Invitation to National Jamboreerums, Improvement Mutual

69 J. of Saint Scout Heber Latterday Leaders Movement Grant the BoyAssociations

. Presiding 70 to Bishopric Scouting Tribute and Department ATo of Education

the General Scouting Superintendency of the A. and Y. M. Y. M. M. M. I. LA. 71

Published monthly by the Scouts and the Church Youth Movement Dr. James E. West 72

J. Fisher, in 73 Step George Youth With D. M. BOARDSGENERAL OF THE Keeping

Dr. 74 O. Church Youth Ray Wyland Movement The IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

Stiles the Latterday 75 Scouting Saint Church in Canada and A. John ASSOCIATIONS

Oscar Comes of Age in Scouting 76

Melvin Clarissa J.A.Ballard,Beesley,GeneralAssociateMgr.Mgr. InTheTwentytwoM. I. A. PreservesYears L.HistoryD. S. Scouting John D. Giles 7782

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL Thomas Hull, Senior Member of the Y. M. M. I. A. Passes 90

OFFICES: Street,50 North Main Salt Lake TheCapitalizingHike of onInspirationthat Urge to Judgedo SomethingBenjamin DeBoise as told to MatildaWestonRoseN. NordgrenMcLaren 9291 City, Utah

"The Trail Leads Up"Drawing by Paul Clowes 96

Copyright, by the Men's Young Mine! That Power Governor Harry A. Moore 98 Was Association Improvement1932,Mutual Winter Comes 94 to Canada Chicanot E. L. Jesus WhenCorporation of Church of the

Christ of Latterday Saints. All Let's Talk About Personality Mildred Baker 108

rights reserved. Subscription 1 2 Cover price, The

$2.00 year, in zoc Single advance; a

Dear 128 Bachelor Girl Katie C. Jensen Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass FICTION matter. Acceptance for mailing at Ne'r-DoWell Russell Gordon Carter 80

special rate of postage provided in section for A Romance of Two Cities, A Serial—Part 4 -Dorothy Clapp Robinson 88 1103, Act of October,

1917, authorized July 2, 1918. POETRY

cggys* <. Choosing Hour Clarence Edwin Flynn 67

HandMe-Down Dog Mrs. Ida Powell Brown 121

WASHINGTON Perseverance Grace Kaye 116 DEPARTMENTS JAMBOREE Lights and Shadows on the Screen. 100

THE site has been selectAaronicMelchizedekPriesthoodPriesthood - 101103 ed; the day has been Ward Teaching 105

set; already plans are unBook Reviews:

der way; one Scout from TheThis MeaningLittle Worldof Culture 106106

each troop is eligible to go! Utah Sings—An Anthology of Utah Verse 106

President Roosevelt has The Doctor in History 107 said that the poor lad who The Provincial Lady in America 107 is a good Scout should be Mutual Messages 109 given the opportunity as EraAdultsand Publicity 110111 readily as the rich lad who Seniors 112 is a good Scout. That M Men 1 1

means early planning if Gleaner Girls 114

Vanguards 115 are representtroops to be

Girls Junior 116 ed. It early to is not too Girls BeeHive

begin to make a program. Your Page and Ours. Inside Back Cover1 1 7

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

llil'lsl.-::..:

MASSASOIT, BY CYRUS E. DALUN

XFJE have selected this statue of a well known Indian by this famous Utah sculptor for the frontispiece this month, because Massasoit was a great

American, and, according to his own light, a really splendid Scout; and also

because Cyrus E. Dallin is a pioneer Utah sculptor who has gone far up the trail

towards the sunlit peaks of fame still carrying in his heart an appreciation of Indian and Pioneer life. His "Appeal to the Great Spirit"is one of the best

known pieces of sculpture in America.

This magnificent figure, heroic in size, stands in the rotunda of the Utah

State Capitol.

::::-::.''': '': ':: ': -.

fflBnHUHHSm

oostfig By CLARENCE EDWIN FLYNN CJ WhenHEREeachis anonehourin thesomewherepathwayamonghalts, theand yearshears

Two voices', deep within himself apart

Asking the adoration of his heart.

One offers him the kingdoms of the earthy

With all the golden glory of their worth;

One offers him that more than golden goal—

The opportunity to build a soul.

PRESIDENT FRANKLIN 0. ROOSEVELT

President Roosevelt Broadcasts

Invitation to National Jamboree

PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT in his broadcast on February 10th, 1934, invited Scouts to attend a National Jamboree in these words:

"... It is appropriate, also, that we are planning for the

celebration of the Twentyfifth Anniversary of The Boy Scouts of America, which will culminate in a great National Jamboree here in the Nation's Capital in the summer of 1935. Of course,

it would be physically impossible for us to have the whole membership of the Boy Scouts of America, a million strong, come to Washington at one time, but I much hope that it will be possible to have every nook and cranny, every section of our

Nation, represented."

Franklin D. Roosevelt.

President of the United States of America.

From "Scouting"

PRESIDENT

HEBER J. GRANT

To Latterday Saint Leaders of the

Boy Scout Movement AM very happy to give the Boy Scout movement my full

I endorsement. For many years as acting Superintendent of

the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association, I was active in the promotion of this program. I feel that thousands

of our boys have been helped in becoming good men by living up to the principles of the Boy Scout movement.

"It is a real satisfaction to me to know that through the cooperation of our general, stake and ward officers we have more

Boy Scouts per capita than any other church in the United States.

"I hope that our Scout leaders will remember that it is our privilege and obligation, in connection with the promotion of this program, to see that our boys receive also proper religious training in order that they may become real American citizens."

(Signed)

President of the Church of From Scouting in the L. D. S. Church Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

BISHOP DAVID A. SMITH BISHOP SYLVESTER Q. CANNON BISHOP JOHN WELLS

Tribute to Scouting A

are happy to have the privilege of joining in paying tribute to WEScouting in its Silver Jubilee Anniversary year. We appreciate

fully the privilege and benefits that have come to our boys through this splendid organization.

We are especially happy that during this jubilee year and in the future greater emphasis is to be placed on the spiritual and church activity phases of the Scout program. As we observe Scouting in operation and

study its objectives as outlined in the publications of the National Council, it seems clear that spirituality, reverence and church service are fundamental in the program, and that religious activity is essential to the best type of

Scouting.

We are grateful to the many splendid Scout Leaders who have encouraged and assisted members of the Aaronic Priesthood in their quorum activities. We hope that the splendid cooperation which now exists between

Aaronic Priesthood Chairmen and Supervisors and Scout Leaders will still further increase, and that all who have responsibility for the leadership of our boys and young men will join in an effort to establish a firm spiritual and religious foundation upon which to develop the commendable virtues of strong character, good citizenship and service.

Congratulations on the excellent record made in the 25 years of

Scouting service to this nation.

Sylvester Q. Cannon,

David A. Smith,

John Wells, Presiding Bishopric,

:: -: '. ""':": ''.... -;,: --::-":,.:.

SUPERINTENDENT RICHARD R. LYMAN SUPERINTENDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH SUPERINTENDENT MELVIN J. BALLARD

I. A, Y. M.M.Scouting and the

71 S we enter the Jubilee Anniversary year of Scouting in America and note with are im- A., we pride in Scouting progress being the splendid in the M. I. made

'this which foundation upon religious pressed nature of the the substantial with great structure has been builded. Faith in God, good citizenship, clean living, and

personal development have been held up by our national and Church leaders as the guiding principles of this outstanding program for boys and young men.

It is especially -gratifying to us that the youth of our Church have the privilege of participating in an international program that harmonizes with the principles laid down by our great Pioneer leader, Brigham Young, to guide the M. I. A. The

parallel between the instructions given by President Young and a portion of the

Constitution of the Boy Scouts of America, written by Dr. James E. West, Chief

Scout Executive, is striking.

Brigham Young said: "Let the keynote of your work be the establishment in

the youth of individual testimony of the truth and magnitude of the great Latterday work: the development of the gifts within them... cultivating a knowledge and

an application of the eternal principles of the great science of life.... Each member

will find that happiness... mainly depends on the work he does and the way in

which he does it. It now becomes the duty of these institutions to aid the Holy

Priesthood in instructing the youth of Israel in all things commendable and worthy."

Dr. West wrote: "The Boy Scouts of America maintain that no boy can grow

into the best kind of citizenship without recognizing his obligation to God....

The recognition of God as the ruling and leading power in the universe and the grateful acknowledgment of His favors and blessings are necessary to the best type of citizenship and are wholesome things in the education of the growing boy. No matter

fundamental need of what the boy may be—Catholic or Protestant or Jew—this

good citizenship should be kept before him."

We congratulate the National Council, the Regional Officers, leaders in local, councils, and the great army of Commissioners, Scoutmasters, Vanguard leaders and

District and Troop Committeemen upon the achievements of Scouting.

We are especially grateful for the splendid cooperation of Aaronic Priesthood leaders throughout the Church, which has assisted so splendidly in our work.

George Albert Smith, Richard R. Lyman,

Melvin J. Ballard,

General Superintendency.

DR. JAMES E. WEST

Scouts and the Church Youth Movement ASmarks,Scoutingthis celebratesyear, its quarterits SilvercenturyJubileeof whichliving eacha Scout,year andin America,have beenat oneleastlongone enoughwill haveso beenthat and doing and being in America, it is a the full value of Scouting may be a part of his life founded on Scout qualities of source both of gratification and gratitude to me, future life—a

looking back, to realize how splendidly from the honor and loyalty, cheerful and intelligent obebeginning, Scouting and the churches have joined dience to law, reliability, courage, the habit of forces, worked hand in hand for the welfare of clean living, clean talking, clean thinking, friendyouth, its progress to happy, healthy, high liness to all people, the readiness to serve at all principled manhood. times, in small ways or great, the love of the

Among no church which has sponsored Scoutgreat outdoors, the love of one's neighbor, in the ing have we met with more wholehearted and true Christ spirit, the love of God with all it effective cooperation and generous support than in means of reverence and ethical living, the realizathe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, tion of why we are here on earth at all, which or finer, more enthusiastic leaders of unusually can have fundamentally but one goal, the furhigh calibre. The State of Utah has a larger pertherance of the Kingdom of God, the practical recentage of Scouts in its boy population, I am told, alization of "Peace on earth, good will to men."

than any other state in the Union and a larger per It is with great interest that we read, at the capita Scout membership in the Mormon faith National Office of the Boy Scouts of America, than that of any other religious body on record. of the splendid work being done for and with

All of this seems to me deeply significant, Scouts in connection with the Mormon Church, proves not only that we are offering a boy proparticularly of the valuable older boy program gram which meets the needs of the great Church of the Vanguards with their Sea Scouting and of Jesus Christ, but also that the ideals for which other phases of worthwhile activities, and hope that Church stands are substantially the ideals of that shortly it will be possible for the Church to

Scouting itself, the "recognition of God as the avail itself of the opportunities offered by Cubruling and leading Power of the Universe"as a bing, our younger boy program for preScout fundamental requisite for good citizenship and age, with its emphasis on the home hobbies and that correlative faith that only by living clean, group recreation.

generous, fine lives, serving others before rememMay the Church Youth Program move forbering oneself, can we, either as boy or man, ward with its tremendous gift to young people, serve God properly. who today perhaps more than ever in our jumble

The Youth Movement of the Mormon of modern living need the steadying influence of

Church is in every way in accord with noble leadership, under the banner of the very things we are working for in a great ideal!

Scouting in our Ten Year Program, by Dr. James E. West,

which we hope to assure that out of evChief Scout Executive, Boy ery four young men reaching maturity Scouts of America.

DR. GEORGE J. FISHER

Keeping in Step with Youth

its youth in perilous times andTHESE are days of social transition. Great nacles; stood by changes are being made in the social life of in momentous epochs of their experience.

the people of America growing out of the Today there comes to it the challenge to consituation projected by the fact that there are tinue along with youth, to help give direction millions of unemployed in America and multito them in these modern days, to help pioneer millions on relief. the new society and see to it that youth retains

Youth in this generation has been affected the same qualities of initiative, of self dependence probably as in no other period of American life. as was true in the early pioneering.

We are in the midst of a great prospective perThe Mormon Church stands out preeminently manent change in the habits of the American in its volunteer service. Its leaders are highpeople and particularly of youth. minded. They seek to lead youth into the

The education of youth is being extended paths of character. The Mormon Church is the

over a longer period. More of them than ever social center about which the youth of the Morare in college. Work will not take as many mon communities rotate. Here we find recreahours of the energy of youth as heretofore. tion and sports, the intermingling of the sexes

There will be energy available for other purposes. under fine direction. Never was there a better

If this is directed wisely it may result in a finer, opportunity for building the type of communicultural, richer life, providing time to expend in ties that are based upon fellowship, on the broadreading and in the arts and in the crafts and in ening of life in all its relationships than now.

social service. The Mormon Church is preeminently a social

Heretofore business; the making of money; church. It seeks to bring the influence of the

attention to work; have been the major conchurch into all its relations with youth and thus

cerns of life. Now life will be more evenly spiritualize those relationships.

balanced. It may prove more beautiful, more May I express to the leaders of the youth

lovely, for opportunity is at hand for applicamovement within the Mormon Church, many tion to the finer things. of whom I know intimately and respect highly,

Therefore the days of pioneering are not over. my sincere felicitations, my best wishes for adHere are new youth frontiers. What is needed vance in the things that are worthwhile in the

is a leadership for this day and this epoch. new year.

The Mormon Church has been a great pioGeorge J. Fisher, M. D.,

neering Movement. It has plowed the fields; Deputy Chief Scout Executive,

broken the forests; built cities; raised up taberBoy Scouts of America.

DR. RAY 0. WYLAND

The Church Youth Movement AM aware of the vitality of Mormonism. I ful leadership and a spiritualized youth move-

I have been impressed with its method of orment in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday ganization and the onward sweep of this Saints.

great Church. We are thoroughly convinced that there is no

I have been especially impressed by the Youth other Church that has given more intelligent and

Movement within the Church of Jesus Christ of effective supervision to its Scout Troops, and we

Latterday Saints, and its constructive program have not met anywhere in our Church relations of youth guidance which is bringing up a gener- a finer group of men, than are found among the ation of young men and women possessed with leaders of this Church.

spiritual insight and a zeal for the Kingdom of The supreme test of devotion is the sacrifice

God which is unsurpassed by any religious group it will make. I have been profoundly impressed

that I know. by the high quality of young men who visit our

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday National Office on their way to the foreign misSaints uses the Boy Scout Movement in a larger sion field and return two or three years later with way than any other Church in existence. It a more mature and serious look on their faces,

has a larger per capita of Scouts in its membership having fulfilled the missionary purposes of the than any other religious body on record and the Church as expressed in the injunction "Go and state of Utah has a larger percentage of Scouts carry the good tidings to all men."

in its boy population than any other state. I, therefore, again, salute the Church and its

More significant than mere numbers and perleadership from the Presidency to the humblest centages, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterof the Y. M. M. I. A. leaders and pledge you

day Saints has developed a better coordination every cooperation within my power in the furof Scouting with the Church program, not only ther development of your youth program and in the younger years of Scouts 1 2 to 15, but also the spiritual growth of your young men and in the late adolescent period of Vanguards 1 6 to women.

18 and older, and in this Senior Program there Ray O. Wyland,

is a beautiful correlation of Church instrucDirector of Education and tion and participation in the Aaronic Priesthood Relations, Boy Scouts of which provides a further development of youthAmerica.

a

CHIEF EXECUTIVE STILES FURNISHED NO PORTRAIT. WE TWIN FALLS—HELL ROARING

SUBSTITUTED THIS BEAUTIFUL CANYON—WATERTON LAKES

PORTRAIT OF A CANADIAN NATIONAL PARK, ALBERTA,

WATER FALL CANADA

Scouting and the Latterday Saint Church in Canada THEhappyScoutin Organizationits relations within Canadathe Latterdayhas been Saintvery boy'sThroughmentalthesedevelopmentstages thereat succeedingis developedpsychologicalan abilitystages.and

activities, participate to in until church as a be inclination to seem of fact, both a matter we Church. As

quite the place naturally takes Scout young an active man greatest the placing emend, the same towards working service. of church department in some life and enspirit. It been has most the of the things phasis on

courses training of special notice to the number couraging in What Scouting Asks of the Latterday Saint Church especially of that Church, the members organized by

Alberta, and the large attendance at such courses. One of Scouting asks of the church its blessing upon Scouting's

my great delights has been to hear the Latterday Saint effort to help its boys, and all boys, along the path of practical Christian for accommodation rest of us. excel the they that I think sing. In boys citizenship—indoor

meeting of the Scout a week for each section at least one was rethe Scout movement time a when was There the from separate organization and distinct as an garded group—a

methods of the in is not, fact, Scouting a matter of Church. As reasonabletraining—theamountformationof freedomof atoScoutpursueParents'Scout

are Mothers'or Scout (such organizations an organization; ordinary sense, Auxiliary—movement—

helpful ways, including the maintenance in many to practically most of certain principles commonit is a framework all religious communions, which any communion may of an understanding contact between the Scouter and the it fairly the of the part asks for clergyman fill out with its own distinctive tenets and religious home)—on

brief, visits frequent, if the sections to of the various practices. That Scouting is fundamentally religious has repeatedly group on meeting nights—discussion with group leaders

been emphasized by its founder, Lord BadenPowell. The regarding religious observances during the Summer camp

first promise of every Scout is to "do his best to do his and the occasional weekend training camps for patrol duty to God."leaders, when these are held. The clergyman will find

Proof that the movement has been found spiritually that acting as group chaplain is always helpful and valusound is given by the steady growth of Scouting as a able in establishing a common meeting ground for himself church activity in Canada (as in other countries), until and the boy.

groups. are church units Scout of majority the our today

places Limitations if suitable meeting added, be would more Many were made available in church buildings, and numerous It must be remembered that Scouting is not intended small town units are community or interchurch groups to be the major or dominating activity in a boy's life.

only because of the dearth of suitable leaders, or the lack Its scope is to help make more effective and assimilable of sufficient number of boys to organize effective separate the religious and character training of the home, the church units. church, and the school. The tremendous growth of the

movement throughout the world (the active membership

Scouting's Value to the Church today is over 2,200,000)—the almost universal approval

is of thus church and support the church and home to Scouting value of the definite Broadly, the Scouting that to argue is indicated—alla dependable program seem boys to holding of its problem the ageold help in solving

the church and Sunday School after 14 or 15 years of and efficient "framework"upon which to build the parage. More definitely, its value is its effectiveticular religious training of any church.

ness in interpreting religion to the average boy'in concrete terms of "doing"and preventing JOHN A. STILES,

his developing the attitude that to be religious Chief Executive Commissioner, is somehow to be lacking in manliness. Canadian General Council, The

The Scouting program is graduated to the Boy Scouts Association.

THE LITTLE CHAP IS NOT CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS BUT HE IS

LEARNING TO CHART A COURSE FROM THIS MARINER WHO HAS LAUNCHED MANY CRAFTS UPON THE SEA WHICH LEADS TO FINE CHARACTER AND SERVICE. THE

PHOTOGRAPH WAS TAKEN ON THE PACIFIC COAST SHOWING OSCAR POINTING THE WAY.

in Oscar Comes of Age Scouting

in Scouting has been A. KIRKHAM

years and has OSCARleadership for twentyone been one of America's leaders at three of the World Scout Jamborees—1920, London,

England; 1929, Birkinhead, England; and

1933, Godolla, Hungary. Scouts of every color

and creed, chattering in many tongues were present.

He has been the guest of rulers of nations and has dined with nobility, but says that one of his greatest privileges came last year, when he attended, as an American delegate, the International Conference of Scout leaders in Hungary.

The representatives of fiftysix nations were present. All that was said was translated and

spoken into Hungarian, French, German and

English. He spoke on "Scout activities and their

relationship to World Friendship and Peace."

When the gentleman translating and speaking

OSCAR IS NOT TALKING French began, he said, "May I say that Mr.

"WITH KINGS,"BUT HE IS Kirkham is a personal friend of mine and he

IN CONVERSATION WITH A comes from far away Salt Lake City, Utah. He

IN SON OF GODOL- A PRINCE is a Mormon."LA, HUNGARY, DURING A

WORLD JAMBOREE. It was a thrill, Oscar said, as he heard the interpreters speak before the representatives of the

fiftysix nations, the word "Mormon,"for which there was no translation.

Oscar is an Honorary Member of the Boy

Scouts of France and other countries of Europe.

CHIEF OSCAR A. KIRKHAM

IN LONDON, ENGLAND. DURING HIS ATTENDANCE AT

THE WORLD JAMBOREE. HE

IS IN NATIVE AMERICAN COSTUME UNDER A FAMOUS TREE.

In 22 YEARS L. D. S. Scouting Encircles Globe

The Scout Oath On my honor I will do my best'.

1. To do my duty to God and my country, and to obey the Scout Law. 2. To help

other people at all times. 3. To keep myself physically strong, mentally awake, and morally straight.

about bringing the splendid interada, CzechoSlovakia, Denmark,NATIONAL ANNIVERSARY WEEK this year will national boyprogram into their England, France, Germany, find Scouting under L. D. S. folds. Hawaii, Holland, Hungary, Iresupervision encircling the globe. In a statement made in a broland, Mexico, New Zealand, NorThe program which was adopted chure issued by the Mutual Imway, Samoa, Scotland, South Afby the Church twentytwo years provement Association, President rica, Sweden, Switzerland, and the

ago is being carried on in practically Heber J. Grant expressed his apUnited States. That means, of

every ward and mission in the preciation of the movement and course, that wherever the Church

SURVIVING MEMBERS OF THE FIRST M. I. A. SCOUT EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM B. F. GRANT B. S. HINCKLEY JOHN H. TAYLOR

Church throughout the world. offered his continuous support. He goes with its program for the temThough there is little L. D. S. said: "I am very happy to give the poral and eternal salvation of manScouting anywhere in Asia, it has Boy Scout movement my full enkind, the Boy Scout program folgone around the world, carried by dorsement."(See letter under his lows to assist in building manhood

the missionaries, by way of Africa, photograph and over his signature under whatever flag waves above

Australia, and the islands of the in this issue.) the land in which the troop is orAs an indication of how widely ganized.

Pacific. the Scout movement has been scatThe story of Scouting in the

The General Authorities early tered under the direction and inChurch of Jesus Christ of Lattergave their staunch support to the fluence of the L. D. S. Church we day Saints has been told, in brief,

movement and have never wavered are naming the countries in which in the booklet, "Scouting in the from that early stand assumed the Church is sponsoring troops: L. D. S. Church."That story we

when some churches were hesitating Austria, Australia, Belgium, Canare repeating here:

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935

in the 24,- Scout are approximately work "There Story of Scouting in the promoting directhe under Stakes and Wards 000 in the Church Boy Scouts

Church of Jesus Christ tion of the Athletic Committee 1934 which includes the Vanin of LatterDay Saints which included Lyman R. Marguards who are Senior Scouts.

tineau, chairman; Hyrum M. There are approximately 7,000

"THE Y. M. M. I. A. was organSmith, Oscar A. Kirkham, B. F. Vanguards. The Vanguard move-

*"ized June 10, 1875, by Junius Grant, B. S. Hinckley, and John ment was inaugurated in 1928 and

F. Wells under the direction of H. Taylor. is now developing rapidly into an

President Brigham Young. Its "At the June Conference of aggressive Older Boy Movement

purpose was to provide leisure time 1 9 1 3, on Saturday afternoon, June among the Scouts of the Church.

activities, particularly along spir- 7, an M. I. A. day celebration was It has been approved by the Naitual and cultural lines, for the held at Wandamere and the protional Council of the Boy Scouts of

Church. entirely to Scout of the America.young was devoted men Later, gram # # a prominent genactivities. the firstathletics were made This was are S. Scouts "L. D. now orpart of the program. eral Scout gathering in the Church. ganized in every Stake in the

"As news of the organization of "The first lessons for the M. I. Church and in practically all of the

the Boy Scouts of England in 1 909 A. Scouts were published in The missions. They are located in 22

and the Boy Scouts of America in Improvement Era for January, different countries. The record of

1910 was received by our Church 1913, Volume 16. Twelve les- L. D. S. Scouts in membership and

leaders, the Scout idea was investisons were included covering such advancement is second to none gated by the Athletic Committee of subjects as the Fundamentals of among similar religious groups in the Y. M. M. I. A. and in the sumScouting, Organization, Leaderall the world.

mer of 1911 the Scout movement ship, etc., tying of knots, troop "Scouting continued under Y.

this Asin recognized States Unitedwas officially until sponsor, A., its sole M. I. M. drilling—following spirits with purScouting for thesociation. Infantry regulations this year it was During 1928.

itual background and ideals appealpose of obtaining discipline and efnamed as the activity program for ed to our Church leaders as an ficiency in moving the troop as a the Deacons and Teachers of the excellent activity program for its First Aid, Lesser Priesthood of the Church to body—Bandaging and

boys. Even before that time some the Story of the Flag, physical Decome to the boys of the Church of

enterprising boy leaders in various velopment, Stars, Compass, etc. Deacon's and Teacher's ages

parts of the Church had organized "In May, 1913, the M. I. A. through the Y. M. M. I. A., an

troops along lines recommended by Scouts, upon invitation from the auxiliary and aid to the Priesthood.

America. affiliated of On with Council Nationalthe Boy Scouts is the "The Y. M. M. LA. of 1 1, on motion 29, 1 9 of the a part and becameNovember field in the functioning Boy Priesthood

President Anthony W. Ivins, then Scouts of America. The official of activity. Scouting therefore is

a member of the General Superinaction of the Executive Board of the activity program for Deacons tendency of the Y. M. M. I. A., the National Council was taken and Teachers in the Church and is

the M. I. A. Scouts were officially May 2. 1913, at which time the the program for the junior departorganized by the General Board. General Board of Y. M. M. I. A. ments of the Y. M. M. I. A.

It was provided that all classes of was issued a charter covering the "The scoutmaster and assistant boys from 12 to 18 years of age entire Church and Dr. John H. scoutmasters are officers in the ward

should thereafter be known by that Taylor was given a special comMutual Improvement Association.

name. (See Improvement Era for mission as representative of the NaThey should conduct themselves as

January, 1912, Vol. 15.) tional Council in charge of all M. such and be subject to the rules,

"From that time Scouting I. A. Scouts. At the same time regulations and program of the M.

moved forward in the Church very Oscar A. Kirkham was made I. A. On the other hand the ward

rapidly. In The Improvement Era Deputy Commissioner. The Naofficers of M. I. A. should know

for March, 1912, Vol. 15, was tional charter of the M. I. A. that the Scout Troops and Scout

printed the first statement of the Scouts of the Boy Scouts of Amerleaders of the ward are a part of the purposes and plans of the M. I. A. ica was issued May 21, 1913, M. I. A. program and should be

Scout movement. This laid the which becomes the official date of considered as such.

foundation for Scout procedure in entry of the M. I. A. Scouts into "The Scout department is just as

the M. I. A. It provided that the National Organization. much a part of the M. I. A. Orfor be held should meetings continued arrangement Scout "This as ganization and Men the M preimmediately until minutes thirty 1919, when local be so considered Councils should the ward by

ceding or following the regular M. were organized in Salt Lake City officers. The responsibility of the

I. A. meeting on Tuesday nights. and other sections, Oscar A. KirkScout and Vanguard departments is

In this statement reference was ham becoming the first Scout Extheirs.

made to the handbook of the Boy ecutive of the Salt Lake Council "In the Stake the same relationScouts of America with appreciaand later Associate Regional Exship and responsibilities are maintion for the splendid idea and inecutive of the Twelfth Region tained. The District Commissionformation contained, and recomwhich includes, Utah, Arizona, ers are Stake Officers and Scouting

mendations that the book be seNevada and California. He also is the official department program

cured and used by M. I. A. leaders. became affiliated with the Regional for young men 12 to 16 years in-

"Dr. John H. Taylor, who had Office of Region Eleven in order clusive.

previously been appointed Athletic that he might have contact with "As a result of the development

Director of the Y. M. M. I. A., Latterday Saint Scouts, particuof a plan of closer cooperation bewas given definite responsibility for larly in Idaho. (Continued on page 122)

These L. D. S. Men are Employed in Scouting

Top row, left to right: John D. Giles, Field Representative for the M. I. A. and Chairman of the Vanguard Committee; William A. Wessel, Assistant National

Director of Camping; Oscar A. Kirkham, Assistant Regional Executive, Region Twelve; Ernest De Alton Partridge, National Director of Research; D. E. Hammond,

Executive Salt Lake Council and Chairman of the M. I. A. Scout Committee; in circle, Verl G. Dixon, Department of Registration, National Office. Second row, left

to right: S. Diiworth Young, Executive Ogden Gateway Council; Preston W. Pond, Executive Cache Valley Council; Andrew A. Anderson, Executive Timpanogos

Council; George Bergstrom, Executive San Fernando Valley Council; William B. Hawkins, Executive San JoaquinCalaveras Council. Third row, left to right: Victor

L. Lindblad, Executive Sacramento Council; Harrald S. Alvord, Executive Teton Psaks Council; David Crockett Watkins, Executive Tendoy (Eastern Idaho) Council;

Berne P. Broadbent, Field Executive Apache Council; Vernon Strong, Executive, Ridwood Council. Bottom row, left to right: Irving P. Beesley, Field Executive

Sacramento Area Council; William G. Barton, Executive Bryce Canyon Council; D. L. Roberts, Field Executive, Salt Lake Council; Clyde V. Pearson, Director of Sea

Scouting, San Francisco Area Council; Merrill Christopherson, Assistant Executive Timpanogos Council; J. H. Smithson, Field Executive Apache Council.

NE'R-DOWELL T. X HESE are hard

times, Mr. Burgeon."

"Yes, Craig, these are hard times."The man and the boy stood facing each other in the gray weatherworn fishing shack that had served as a home for Craig McCord for the past two years. Luther

Burgeon, heavyset and aggressive, drew his dark brows together in a frown that was very nearly a scowl. Craig lowered his eyes,

shrugged his lean shoulders.

"I guess you may as well take the dory, Mr. Burgeon. I can't

pay you any more on it, at least not until spring, and since you're."not willing to wait that long—

"Why should I, Craig? We

made a bargain, didn't we?"

"I'm not complaining."Craig's

eyes were blue and candid. "When

I asked you to wait for the final payment, I knew I was asking a favor. If you're not willing to

I grant it—well, there's nothing

can say. I'm out fifteen dollars,

that's all."

Luther Burgeon walked toward the door. Over his shoulder he

said, "I'll send for the boat later in the day, if I get back in time or maybe tomorrow. So long,

Craig.""Goodbye, Mr. Burgeon."

Craig thrust his hands deep into his trousers'pockets. Through the

small window at the front of the

HE SHOUTED AS THE FORWARD. STRODE in plain CRAIG Burgeon's Burgeon gesture had said he shack saw Luther

BUT HEARD NOT TO HAVE MAN APPEARED

I the words: "Ne'r-dowell. stride might toward ponderously LIGHT TO CONTINUED THE WAVE

waiting car. When he reached it have known in the first place, he

he cast a brief backward glance tonever could pay for the boat!"hurt far more than the thought of

ward the house, shook his head Craig crossed the bare room and the fifteen dollars now lost to him.

slightly from side to side, then seated himself on a bench beside the Craig rose and put on his cap stove. small Ne'r-doautomobile the into and climbed tall loosejointed and overcoat—a started engine. Luther that was few moments the what A twenty. not yet boy He opened

the over his of him. Burgeonwell—yes,sheetironthought later he That on was way outside. the door and went The

long white road that led through was what the whole village wind thrust at his back as he strode the twomile stretch of salt marshes thought of him: Craig McCord, a along the white road in the direcbetween the beach and the village. ne'r-dowell like his father dead tion of the village.

Low clouds, gray and ragged, raced now these two years. * * *

southward with the car. Outside the wind was bleak.

Craig remained at the window. The bay was the color of molten Mr. NICKERSON, at

His eyes were cold, hard, his lips steel. Wild ducks swept across the general store, greeted him

tightset. That brief backward the dreary marshes; their wings heartily. "How are ye, Craig?"

glance, that slight movement of the and bodies were black against the "Fine, thanks."

I head from side to side—those earlymorning winter sky. "Pretty cold at your place, It guess—eh?"things hurt! It was as if Luther Ne'r-dowell—that hurt!

.

By RUSSELL GORDON CARTER Craig McCord could not -pay for his boat, thereCraig shook his head and was fore, Luther Burgeon decided to take it back—lacking silent.

faith in the boy. Mr. Nickerson, however said, "Pve A few minutes later he was on

his way toward the other end of got faith in ye, Craig."This is a story of Craig's test. the village. At the storekeeper's

suggestion, he stopped at Joe "I've seen it colder, Mr. NickAfter a few moments of hesitaHickey's garage and inquired for

erson."tion Craig said, "Well, it's like work; but Mr. Hickey had no need

"Well, what can I do for ye, this, Mr. Nickerson. Maybe you for help. From there Craig went

Craig?"remember, last fall I agreed to buy to the rope and twine factory on

for work there. Again he met with thatgeon—thirtyfivegreen dory fromdollarsLutherwasBurthe the outskirts of town and asked

price he set, and I paid him ten a refusal. He inquired at other

dollars down. I was to pay the places. He was willing to do any

rest of it by the first of the year. kind of labor no matter how hard;

I think I could have, all right, but he was willing to work long hours you know how I was laid up for for meagre pay—but no one ofmore than a month. Well, it's past fered him the chance.

the first of the year now, and I still owe him twenty dollars on IT was late afternoon the craft. turned his steps when he home-."away either today or ward. Ne'r-dowell! The phrase He'stomorrow—taking it

'Ye mean he won't give ye more occurred to him again as he made time?"his way over the long white road;

Craig nodded. "You see, I came but swift upon the thought came

in here on a long chance, Mr. the memory of Mr. Nickerson's Nickerson, hoping you might give words—"I've got faith in ye,

me a job, or might know of someCraig."The boy lifted his chin.

body else who would. I thought There was comfort in the words.

if I could count definitely on earnHe forgot the weariness in his legs, ing, say, twenty dollars or so forgot the sting of the wind within the next two or three weeks, against his face. I might see Mr. Burgeon again—."The tide was coming in, and the

"Lute Burgeon ought to be marshes were flooded. Here and

ashamed of himself!"the storethere he saw patches of gray salt

keeper exclaimed. "Come spring, ice moving sluggishly southward.

ye'll be in a position to earn someHere and there far off he saw little thing, what with the lobster catch island hummocks fringed with and quohogs and such—."dead grass. Several times he heard

"Yes, that's why I wanted the the distant report of a gun. The

dory,"Craig replied. "Come wide marshes were sombre, deso-

—withoutspring, I don'tit!"knowThen whatwith aI'llshrugdo late.and wheeledNow andagainstthenthea duckwind. rose

"I stopped in to see if you and a forced smile, he added, "I In the little cove behind his."needed help—guess I know how Mr. Burgeon shack the dory lay drawn up on

Mr. Nickerson shook his head. feels. He thinks I'm not good the beach. He glanced at it and

"Can't afford it,"he said bluntly. for much. Matter of fact, I guess then entered the shack, thinking of

Craig nodded. "Know of anythe whole village feels the same Luther Burgeon.one who needs a man?"way—."The place was cold, almost as

"No, I don't.""I don't!"Mr. Nickerson said cold as the air outside. Craig set

Craig turned toward the door. emphatically. "I've got faith in to work to kindle a fire in the stove.

He was about to open it when Mr. ye, Craig. I know what a hard Before long the wood was crackNickerson said, "Come back here, time of it ye've been having, and ling. He removed his overcoat and

boy! Bless me, if it ain't the first if I could help ye, I surely would!"cap, put on his heavy frayed blue

time I ever see ye come in here 'Thanks, Mr. Nickerson!"sweater. Then he went to the

without a cheerful smile! What's "Lute Burgeon ought to be cupboard where he kept his canned

the matter, Craig; are ye in trouble ashamed of himself!"the storegoods, and opened a can of beans.

or somethin'?"keeper repeated. "Him with a He had not eaten a thing since

Craig smiled and returned to the goodpaying lot o'summer cotbreakfast. The odor of beans

counter. 'Trouble enough,"he tages and time to go off duckwarming on top of the stove gave

said, still smiling. "But I don't shootin'whenever he pleases, and him a sense of comfort.

it—want to bother other folks with—hea nice oughtcomfortableto be ashamedhome of hisof himown foreDarknesshe had beganfinishedtoeating.close in Thebe-

"Nonsense!"the man interself, and b'lieve me, I'll tell him wind increased in violence, whisrupted him. "Tell me about it."so!I"(Cortttnued on page 125)

".;:::';'M.I. A. THE

PRESERVES HISTORY By JOHN D. GILES

Executive Secretary, Utah Pioneer

Traits and Landmarks Association

The trails of the West will forever bear the impress of the Utah Pioneer Trails and Landmarks

Association. John D. Giles, executive secretary

and M. I. A. field man, has acted as photographer

as well as chief historian of the project and presents here an interesting sketch of activities which have marked the trails in several western states.

House, Boston Common and other California, and Oregon in parthe history of one JOHN D. GILES historic landmarks of intense inticular—that

terest to all Americans. Good for overlaps that of the others.

Boston. Good for New

"A wise nation preserves its England. They have prerecords, gathers up its muniments, served their history.

decorates the tombs of its illustrious But let us remember that dead, repairs its great structures and all of America's history is fosters national pride and love of not in Boston or New country by perpetual reference to England. Western Amerpast."—Josephthe sacrifices andHowe.glories of the icaof greatis teeminghistoricwithinterest.places

The intermountain region

asTHATmunitynation,or churchstate,whichor comfails ofandhistorythe Pacificas interesting,Coast boast to preserve its history, its thrilling and as important story spots, its records of achieveas any region in the new ments, its landmarks and old trails world. Our history is more

is indeed lacking in vision. recent but much of it is

At the time of the tercentenary now more than a century of the Massachusetts Bay Colony old and should properly be more than two million people visclassed as American hisited Boston in less than three tory.

months. What was the attraction? Someone has said that

are the State of Utah has more The seashore? Hardly—there

thousands of miles of seashore to important history than any visit without going to Boston. state west of the Missouri

the buildings, large the Was it River. But the history of theatres? It was great or climate

history. It was interest in the hunUtah is so closely related to

dreds of patriotic, shrines in New that of neighboring states PRESIDENT A. W. IVINS;, PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT,

OF THE SMITH, PRESIDENT ELDER GEORGE ALBERT

OF MONUMENT AT UNVEILING ASSOCIATION, England. It was Faneuil Hall, the—-Idaho, Wyoming, ColoANDTRAILS

old South Church, the old State rado, Arizona, Nevada, ERECTED ON ENSIGN PEAK BY ENSIGN STAKE M. I. A.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935 83

Without making comparisons, Elder George Albert Smith. His this manner the major portion of

which may be odious or otherwise, associate executives in the Y. M. the funds used in marking the trails

this statement can be made without and Y. W. M. I. A. and several and landmarks of the West were

secured. Contributions of patrifear of contradiction—the intermembers of both the General

mountain west is rich in historic Boards became charter members. otic citizens and charter memberresources that deserve to be pre- A member of the Y. M. M. I. A. ship fees made up the balance of

served for generations to follow. general Board became its executive the fund.

All too late the realization of this secretarytreasurer and another befact is being forced upon us. The came chairman of the finance com- f\F all the outstanding accommovement now under way is fully mittee. plishments of the Mutual Imtwenty-five years late. The last of When the campaign for funds provement Associations in the past

the riders of the colorful Pony Exwas launched the M. I. A. took the halfcentury, probably none will

press died before be more last- a monument ing or more was placed at farre aching the end of the than this imtrail. Not one portant moveof the particiment to save the

pants in that history of the great venture West. In six

was present. states monuThe last surviments have been

vors of the handerected and imcar t tragedies petus has been who were old given to a moveenough to rement that will member what undoubtedly actually hapcontinue to pened passed on grow long after before their those who startstories were reed the movecorded. Most of ment have passthose called ed out of the

"OldTimers"picture. Many

among the pioyears must pass neers of the west and other genhave long since erations come gone to their forth before the graves. work now beNow, when it ing done will be

is all but too appraised at its late, we are befull value.

coming aroused The announcnot only to our ed purpose of duty to those the Utah Piowho made our neer Trails and history but to Landmarks Asour own selfish sociation at the interest in pretime of its orserving these ganization was:

story spots. "Honoring the

The Young pathfinders and Men's and the pioneer Young Wombuilders, charten's Mutual Iming and marking provement Asthe historic trails sociations have long been interGEORGE ALBERT SMITH and story spots, preserving our hisested in Pioneer history. They President Utah PioneerAssociationTrails and Landmarks torical resources; promotion of the

sponsored a movement many years teaching of history in its allAmer- ago to search out as nearly as posleadership. Through the medium ican aspects and vital relations to

sible the place where Brigham of "plains dinners,"recommended the upbuilding of our West and

Young made his now historic stateby M. I. A. General Board comour country."The organization

ment, "This is the right place. mittees and conducted in practically was formed as a nonreligious, nonDrive on."When the Utah Pioevery stake in the Church, Oregon political, and nonprofit association

neer Trails and Landmarks AssoTrail memorial coins, specially and has carried its program forward ciation was organized its leading minted by the Federal Government without regard to any influences or sponsor was the General Superinfor use in marking trails and landmotives other than the accomplishtendent of the Y. M. M. I. A.—marks, Were sold at a premium. In ment of its announced objectives.

1. President Heber J. Grant, Dr. Geo. W. Middleton, Mrs. W. S. Woodruff, Dr. President Anthony W. Ivins speaking at ceremony marking the Great Salt Lake

W. M. Stookey and President Geo. Albert Smith at the old Mormon Wall, Fort Base and Meridian, Temple Square, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Bridger, Wyoming. Oscar A. Kirkham, Andrew Jenson, Chas. Jackson, President Ruth May Fox and

2. Rev. Victor Herring, Franciscan Priest and Elder George Albert Smith at monuPresident George Albert Smith on Mormon Pioneer trail at Lewiston Mines, Wyo.

ment marking Father Escalante's trail of 1776 at Provo, Utah. Trail Markers camp at Rock Creek Hollow, Wyoming, on Mormon Pioneer trail.

3. President Hber J. Grant speaking at ceremony marking the Great Salt Lake B. H. Roberts, George Albert Smith, Dr. Howard R. Driggs, Geo. D. Pratt,

Base and Meridian established by Orson Pratt, August 2, 1847. James E. West, Andrew Jenson and Oscar A. Kirkham at Independence Rock, Wyo.

The results have been farreach- cases the association has cooperated ciation. All other markers were

ing and have been recorded in the in the work. Included in the ilbuilt by local groups in cooperapress of the West and of the nation. lustrations are the beautiful and artion with the Trails Association.

In cooperation with local groups tistic monument and flagging erectThe work of the Association is in Utah, Idaho, Wyoming, Nevada ed by the National Women's Relief more extensive than is generally and Arizona, substantial markers Society at the home of Joseph realized. Before trails and landof stone and bronze have been Smith in Nauvoo where that somarks can be marked correctly they

placed to perpetuate the accomciety was organized March 1 7, must be searched out and the true plishments and achievements of the 1842. This is the most pretenhistory established. This is sometrappers, explorers, missionaries, tious and imposing of the series. times a more difficult and expensive

pioneers, and builders of the West. Officers of the Association coopertask than the actual marking. By

Fiftyone historic places have been ated in its preparation and unveilthe time the work of this Associamarked, fortyeight of them with ing. The marker at Church tion got under way all the members

the official tablets of the AssociaButtes, Wyoming, was placed by of the illfated handcart company tion, and fifty of them carrying the Lyman Stake. The temporary led by Edward Martin from Iowa

familiar buffalo skull, insignia of wooden markers at Devil's Gate City in 1856, who were old enough the Association. and on the Oregon Trail in the at the time to remember and idenPhotographs in this issue show Sweetwater Valley in Wyoming, tify Martin's Cove, scene of the

the scope and variety of the Assowere placed by the Natrona most tragic experience of the Morciation's efforts. Not all the markCounty Historical Society of Wyomon migration, had died. Resiers shown have been erected by the ming, a group which has cooperated dents of the vicinity had confused

Trails group but in practically all generously with the Utah Assostories of its location, but from a

MONUMENTS ERECTED BY PIONEER TRAILS AND LANDMARKS ASSOCIATION 1. President George Albert Smith and grandson Robert 7. Site of Brigham Young camp at Silver Lake 15. President Grant speaking at Independence Rock,

Murray Stewart, Jr., at Big Mountain on Pioneer (Brighton), Utah, July 24, 1857. Wyoming. Pioneer plaque at right.

Trail. 8. Honoring Pioneers of Logan. 16. Pioneer Celebration July 24, 1857, at Silver

2. Monument at Church Buttes, Wyoming. 9. Site of Jacob Hamblin's fort, Kanab, Utah. Laka (Brighton), Utah.

3. Monument at site of first church and school outside 10. Fort Henry, St. Anthony, Idaho. 17. On Pioneer trail east of Fort Bridger, Wyoming.

the Pioneer fort in Salt Lake Valley. 11. Escalante Trail, Provo, Utah. 18. Pioneer Social Hall, Salt Lake City, Utah.

4. Marker at Rock Creek Hollow, Wyoming, where J. G. 12. Battle Creek, near Preston, Idaho. 19. Eagle Rock Crossing of Snake River, Idaho Falls,

Willie's handcart company sought refuie in 1S56. 13. Scene of meeting between Brigham Young and 20. On Donner trail, west of Grantsville, Utah.

5. Monument at site of Ogden Canyon toll gate. Jim Bridger, Little Sandy, near Farson, Wyoming. 21. Pioneer Stage Station, Layton, Utah.

6. Monument at Mountain Dell station on the Pony 14. On Donner trail at State Fair Grounds, Salt Lake 22. Commemorating the founding of Utah, State

Express trail. City, Utah. Capitol, Salt Lake City, Utah.

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, I 935

historical standpoint it was lost. in the West which has been preof the illustrations, President Heber

Fortunately a few paragraphs in served on half a dozen markers J. Grant and his associates of the

early histories gave enough inforalong its trail. General Authorities have been acmation to guide members of the The Mormon Pioneer Trail has tive supporters of the Association.

Trails Association to the spot, but been well marked through WyoPresident Anthony W. Ivins, beonly after the search had gone into ming in cooperation with various fore his death, joined in several of

its second year. groups in that state and is fairly the marker ceremonies. Dr. James

A circumstance, which to many well marked in Utah, but much E. Talmage assisted many times

seems providential, resulted in the remains to be done in Nebraska, with the preparation of inscriplocation of the site of Willie's Iowa and Illinois. The splendid tions. B. H. Roberts was a staunch

Camp in Rock Creek Hollow, monument erected by the Relief Sosupporter and Andrew Jenson, OsWyoming, where fifteen members ciety at Nauvoo marks the begincar A, Kirkham and others have of the J. G. Willie handcart comning of the Pioneer Trail, but some given constant cooperation.

pany, a hundred miles ahead of the day its entire length, at reasonable The officers of the Utah Pioneer

Martin company perished in one distances, should be appropriately Trails and Landmarks Association night and were buried in a single marked. And certainly no one are:

grave. Other sites, which had been would consider this historic highPresident, George Albert Smith;

forgotten have been searched out way to have been properly marked VicePresident, Dr. George W.

and marked and new interest in until a monument of magnificent Middleton; Executive Secretarythem created among the younger proportions and construction marks Treasurer, John D. Giles; Direcgenerations. the place where Brigham Young tors: Amy Brown Lyman, D. H.

DECAUSE most of the early hismade"this is histhe place."memorablePlansstatement,for such ChristensenCommittee), (ChairmanDr. W. M.EducationStookey,

tory of the intermountain a memorial are now in the making Mrs. W. S. Woodruff, Mrs. Fred

West was made by Mormons it is although considerable time will be Davidson, J. Cecil Alter (Chairnatural that most of the markers required to develop them. The man History Committee), George

should be Mormon, just as most last six miles of the trail through Q. Morris (Chairman Finance

of the markers in California are Emigration Canyon have been reCommittee), Dr. W. J. Snow,

Catholic. But that does not mean built. It is proposed to build the Wilford C. Wood, Joseph Wirththat the marking has been confined monument at the end of the trail lin. W. H. Reeder, Jr., Noble Warto Mormon history. A glance at on the new highway. rum, Mrs. Jacob Bamberger and

the illustrations will show that the Samuel O. Bennion. Dr. Howard

important history of the West has (""NE of the most important R. Driggs of New York City, Presbeen preserved regardless of creed, phases of the work of the trails ident of the Oregon Trail Memorial

politics or any consideration other Association is educational. PubAssociation, was one of the organthan historic importance. licity is used extensively in connecizers of the Utah Association and

The trail of Escalante and Domtion with each marker for the purone of its first charter members.

inguez, Catholic Priests, dating pose of renewing interest in historic There are approximately two hunback to 1776 is today the best places and of educating young peodred charter members at present.

marked trail in the Intermountain ple in the history of their own comThe Association has but one

Country. The first marker planned munities. Large numbers of peohonorary member, James A. Elby the Trails Association marked ple, old and young, attend the dredge, who through a generous

this trail at Provo. Jedediah Strong marker ceremonies and become incontribution financed the prelimSmith, educated as a Methodist formed regarding that particular inary plans for the coin sales

minister, explored the first overland phase of local history. Eventually through the M. I. A. and other

trail through Utah, Nevada and photos and descriptions of all the early activities.

California to the Pacific Coast in markers with copies of the inscripWhile the Association has a rec1826. A marker on City Hall tions will be published for wide ord of which the officers and memSquare in Ogden marks the begindistribution, adding still further to bers may justifiably feel proud,

ning of this trail. Jim Bridger the educational value of the presmuch remains to be done. Many

discovered the Great Salt Lake in ent movement to preserve our hisimportant "story spots"are un- 1 824. This fact is commemorated tory. marked. Every community has

in a suitable monument on Bear Efforts have been made in all some history that should be preRiver in northern Utah. Bridger, cases to enlist the active cooperation served. The Utah Pioneer Trails

Carson, Fitzpatrick and other trapof prominent local groups in erectand Landmarks Association plans pers, by caching a fortune in furs ing each marker. Schools, Scouts, to continue its activities and to enin Willow Valley in Northern Vanguards, Daughters of the Utah courage other groups to join in

Utah, caused the name to become Pioneers, Chambers of Commerce, preserving the historic resources of

Cache Valley. This important bit Citizens'Committees, Stake Presthe West. Several patriotic, civic

of history is inscribed on a monuidencies, Ward Bishoprics, Adult and religious groups are represented ment at Logan in Cache County. Aaronic Priesthood, A a r o n i c on the board of directors of the

The illfated Donner party of Priesthood Quorums, Mutual ImTrails Association and practically 1846 explored the route from Fort provement Associations, women's all groups are represented among

Bridger to the Salt Lake Valley organizations, family associations, the charter members. If all unite in

which the Mormon Pioneers folnewspapers, state and government this worthwhile movement eventulowed the next year. Two monuagencies and other civic, religious ally monuments and markers will

ments, one at the Utah State Fair and patriotic groups, and indidot the trails, the valleys and the

Grounds and one on the desert in viduals have joined in placing mountains, preserving indefinitely

Tooele County, mark that trail. markers and monuments. one of the most valuable and perThe Pony Express made history As will be noted from a study manent of all resources—history.

*m

23. At home of Joseph Smith where National Women's 29. Pipe Springs, Arizona. 37. Martin's Cove, Wyoming, refuge of Martin's HandRelief Society was organized, Nauvoo, III. 30. Site of Indian Treaty at Fish Lake. cart Company.

24. Calls Fort, North of Brigham City, Utah. 31. Honoring Pioneer Catholic Sisters, Holy Cross 38. In Echo Canyon, Utah, on Pioneer Trail.

Idaho. Fort Hall, 39. Utah. Hospital, Salt Lake City, At Fredonia, Arizona, pointing the way to Pipe25.

trail marker on Pioneer trail. 40. Wyoming trail, Devils Gate on Pioneer marker Old style 32. Springs.

26. Honoring Jedediah Strong Smith, City Hall Square, Wyoming. 41. Honoring Jacob Hamblin, Kanab, Utah.

Ogden, Utah. 33. Mormon Wall at Fort Bridger, Wyoming. 42. Pony Express trail and site of old Salt Lake House,

City, Utah. Street, Lake Salt Main Arizona, City, Winslow. Site near of Brigham of discovery Salt Great Lake by 34. Commemorating27.

City, Utah. Lake Salt Pioneer Square, Ut. 43. Trapper's at Logan, County, Cache Cache, 35. Utah. River City, of Bear Bridger, North Jim

28. Site of Pioneer Iron Mills, Cedar City, Utah. 36. On Pioneer and Pony Express trails at Henefer, Ut. 44. Mormon Pioneer Ferry, Casper, Wyoming.

By ROM DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON

answered sharply, "but 'tis the hind him lay broken hopes and same map all companies who have shattered dreams; before him

sought the lost City of LehiNephi what? In the clear light he could

have had. 'Tis said 'twas drawn see far to the southwest a precipifrom memory by one who was in tous hill. His pulse quickened.

the exodus that traveled from that Suppose that beyond it lay LehiCity to Zarahemla many, many Nephi! Suppose after all they were

years ago. 'Tis at best a rough lucky enough to find that luckless

guess. Surely you do not hope to city? What honor would be theirs

reach victory and glory between when they returned home?

sunsets.""Not between many sunsets,"the first complainer retorted; "but 1HE camp was up and

this endless wandering wearies stirring as soon as it was light.

body and spirit. Should we be Before noon they reached the hill

fortunate enough to discover the David had seen the night before.

City think of the journey home."Ammon forged on ahead. As he

crest gaze gained the of the hill his CHAPTER IV "That will be as nothing,"the country surrounding swept "for David reminded them, Amearnestly. in long and happy Then

I careful record. a has kept mon his exultation to he turned and men think,"pointedly, he added "out a clear, cloudwas cried: his with of a sweep arm I.T the acof to wished hundreds who less night. There was no moon, lies before "Behold! City The could him, have Ammonbut the firmament was aglow with company us."

faith with more in him. found menstars against which, the the dark of followed, but, as the men A rush failed. companies Other have forest, a group of travelers just had We gained the accord one top, with

succeed to came matter no left, looked forbidgloomy and their how they in heads thankbowed travel."long nor must far we howding. lighted a fire and The men fulness as the towers of walls and

gathered around its cheerful glow. The two grumblers had the grace the long sought City burst upon

It lessened their sense of isolation. to blush and one said: their vision. Here was the quest of

Their leader, Ammon, and his two "We, too, hope for success, but years and theirs the victory. Achbrothers had withdrawn to counsel days are long and nights eerie. We ing limbs and weary feet were fortogether. Taking advantage of seem so utterly alone yet we know gotten. They waited quietly

their absence, some voiced comsomewhere impatiently though while Ammon back of thoseplaints to the group. his to rehere—perhapshordes and ready brother made nearbushes—are

'Tis a vain journey;"one said, of Lamanites ready to spring upon connoiter the last lap alone. In

"that promises naught but hardus."the City the people went about

ships as a reward. It would be "Me thinks it is sweethearts left their work, dull with apathy, unwell for us to return to Zarahemla in Zarahemla,"Philip, David's aware of the succor so near.

before we are hopelessly lost. Why friend said banteringly. "This is As darkness grew upon them, the

should we find the City of Lehi- a journey for men with free hearts. men grew restless. Why did not

Nephi?"There is the possibility then of Ammon return? Their impatience

'Yea,"another protested, finding and making love to other turned to suspense and toward "many, many, hopeless nights have maidens. That is why David and midnight they held counsel. David

found us camped thus, knowing I came."urged that one or two of them be

little of the wilderness and plains David rose under the laughter allowed to advance toward the City we have passed through and nothand walked to the crest of a hill and see if any traces could be found ing of what lies before us. It was that lay before them. It was his of their belated Commander. With

said at home that Ammon had a turn to stand guard and until then much reluctance and many admonimap of the way."he wanted to be free—to forget the tions, Philip, acting as Com-

"So he has,"one called David past and build on the future. Bemander, appointed David and John

ANCE OF CITIES TWO

to the task. They advanced caucame the guard, now he mounted knew what fate. He heard the men

tiously together, until they were the watchtower, swept the starlit rise and guessed they were watching within hearing distance of the masspace with ferret eyes. The three for the guard. A few minutes

sive walls then separated. David watchers waited breathlessly until passed and hearing quick moveshadowing the East and John the he had descended again to the wall ments and muffled directions, David

North gates. Thus far they had where the shadows soon engulfed saw them fleeing toward a grove

found no trace of Ammon nor his him. of trees not far distant.

captors, if captured he had He crept as far as the rock, been. Now, David creeping then rising and choosing a

along, trying to shield his apcourse a little oblique to theirs proach to the gate, distinguishmade a break for the forest.

ed the burly form of a night They might look back, but he watchman circling the walls, trusted to their haste and reachbut could not tell whether he ed the woods undetected. To

were Nephite or Lamanite. m locate the fugitives was easy,

There was the possibility he reand with skill born of experiflected that the Lamanites held ence he wormed his way tothe City. They might even ward them, the low murmur of

have captured Ammon and his their voices his guide, for the brother. He decided to creep forest was dark and gloomy.

nearer, and when the guard K Presently, they took up their came again, find out if he were journey noisily and without friend or foe. If he were a Necaution, and David had no

phite, he would risk asking for trouble following them.

admittance at the gate; if a

Lamanite he might try scaling T OR some minutes the wall, but even a casual they threshed rapidly through glance showed him the imposthe brush, the noise of their sibility of such things. Stories passage covering David's purhe had heard of the inaccessisuit. Suddenly he sensed that

bility of this grim fortress came they had stopped and advancback to him. They had not ing carefully he found them

been overdrawn. seated in a small clearing lightThe retreating figure of the THE MIGHTY ONE ed by moonbeams that filtered

guard grew indistinct. David through overhanging branches.

braced himself to sprint across that Cautiously, then, the figures rose The men sat on their haunches reststarlit space, then jumped behind and David had barely time to creep ing with their burden between a bush instead. From the shadow away, when they reached his rock them. David looked about impathe of the great wall two figures came, and laid their burden in its shadow. tiently—if he only knew who

running swiftly and carrying a Listening intently, he caught the captive was. He reasoned with

burden between them. On they hoarse guttural voices of men and himself. He must turn back soon, came directly toward the rock and knew them to be Lamanites. They or lose all sense of direction—but

brush behind which he was hiding. conversed quietly for some mosuppose it were his Commander?

Throwing himself upon the ments, but not a word was underCertainly there was mischief afoot ground, David waited. They came stood by the eager listener. Their or they would have followed the

nearer, but now the guard was burden stirred and voiced a groan highway. He must see that face.

again in sight. A whispered exthat needed no interpretation. He looked about for some means

clamation that was plainly audible David's pulse leaped. If he could of getting nearer. A particularly

to the unsuspected watcher, and only get one look, a glance. He large overhanging limb caught his

the two dropped suddenly to the must try. Perhaps it was Ammon, attention. If he were on that,

ground and lay motionless. On overpowered, and waiting, no one {Continued on page 124)

THOMAS HULL

Thomas Hull

Senior Member of theYMMIA.

Thursday, January 3, cessfully for the establishment of legislature where he became speaker sessions. Eta. fifth sixth the Improvement The and He has of death released ElderON a years supporter of three he had a half the magazine and For senior been Hull, the Thomas

member of the General Board of ever since. In the first minutes of charge of the savings department of

the Young Men's Mutual Imthe General Board available, the Walker Brothers'Bankers.

provement Association. He was name of Thomas Hull appears. In 1920, Mr. Hull was appoint79, making him senior from point For a long time he served as ed secretary of the Board of Regents

of view of age as well as from secretary of the Board, his care of and purchasing agent of the Unipoint of view of number of years details making him ideal for the versity of Utah, positions he still of service. position. When advancing years held at the time of his death. Failand added responsibilities came, he ing health caused him to ask for

Ill for several months from a was released from that arduous poand receive a leave of absence of six malady from which at his age there sition, but in order that the execumonths from active duty. Death

was no liberation except through tives might avail themselves of his came and gave him grand relief death, the end came as a blessing wise counsel and superb enthusiasm just before his leave from the Uniand the aged missionary went home for the work, he was made a memversity expired.

after a life of heroic service to his ber of the Advisory Committee. On April 28, 1877, Thomas

fellow men. Those of the General In that capacity he wielded an imHull was united in marriage to

Board who knew Thomas Hull, portant influence upon the program Margaret Craig Swan, the cerehowever, could not think of him as of the Associations. mony being performed by the late

three score his despiteaged, and Later of Eli Susanah and F. Smith. Lake President Joseph A son until years. Activenineteen the Hull, he was their endowborn the couple were given Engin London,

close of the summer, he was ever land, December 27, 1855. Joining ments in the old Endowment

eager to press on, ever mindful of the Church when he was a child, House. From this marriage came

great in thedetails, faith ever full of lived the life LatHull of a faithful he four daughters—Margaretlatterday he in was which work Saint terday enabling Provo; Florence Hull, reEastmond, him to

engaged. ceive all orders of the priesthood. San Francisco; Edna Hull Bennion,

His service to the Mutual ImIn 1875 he emigrated to Utah, Spokane; and Susanah Hull Evans

provement Associations of the where he continued in Church serv- (deceased), Salt Lake City. Mrs.

Church began before there was any ice. He early became identified Hull died in 1907, and two years

General Board in the sense in which with Z. C. M. I. and remained a later, Mr. Hull married Mary Ann

it is now organized. Called on member of the staff of that instiPrice, who survives him.

an M. I. A. mission in 1891, Elder tution until 1893. Later he served

Hull has been active in M. I. A. as United States Surveyor General "THOUGH he was always busy,

work ever since. He was one of for eight years. Active in public Mr. Hull found time to give a

those who worked hard and sucaffairs, he was elected to the state (Continued on page 102)

Capitalizing on that Urge to do Somethina

By Weston N. Nordgren

These boys had no leisure time hanging heavily on their hands—they put it to use.

What they did, the boys of any community can do with the proper kind of leadership.

u up Soenoughfar as ofI havethe swimmingbeen able toartlearn,to handleevery boyhimselfpickedin

ROBERT T. SNOW AND HIS an ordinary pool, and some became adept in several

GORDON LIGHT HYDROPLANE strokes. Swimming every day for six weeks is bound

to teach the boy something, and the more than 150 boys who signed up for the course this year did well.

When the course was about twothirds through, time has mostly been considered Mr. Hinckley took me into the shop and showed meVACATION

"play time,"by boys from 12 to 15 years of around. The rooms were full of boys, all quietly

age who live in the city and who are denied the {Continued on page 123) advantages of living and working on a farm during AIRPLANES AND THEIR MAKERS DESERET GYM—1934

the three months school is out in the summer time. But few "city fathers"

or others interested in the youth of today have thought up a better plan than the one I recently saw in action right in the heart of our community—Salt

Lake City.

Working on the theory that boys are interested in making things with their hands, in using their eyes and muscles and in coordinating their brains and their eyes, The Deseret Gymnasium offered a six weeks summer course for adolescent boys. The course was varied,

for each day except Sunday there was an hour and a half in a commodious, well lighted and equipped shop under technically trained and experienced teachers; then an hour of games, including

baseball, archery, and so on; and the boys

topped off the day with a good swim.

According to Bryant S. Hinckley,

manager of the gymnasium, two things were guaranteed to boys who attended regularly and worked willingly: (1)

Every boy would be taught to swim.

(If he didn't learn during the six weeks of the course, he could come until he did learn.) (2) Every boy would make

something useful.

92 THE HIKE Of

'THE ANGEL OF THE TRAIL"INSPIRATION

By May 7, 1833, Abraham JUDGE BENJAMIN DE BOISE

Lincoln was commissioned as told toON postmaster at New Salem,

Illinois. On May 7, 1 933, in comMATILDA ROSE McLAREN

memoration of that event, 1 1 8 Boy

Scouts of America took to the open road and traveled the twentytwo picture the artist Patterson received by the Scout who carried them, miles from New Salem to Springmuch of his inspiration for the were mailed to His Majesty, King them, carrying, betweenfield afoot; as, as England; President George of picture "Lincoln known

these pieces of mail! Some of2500 Hoover; Expresident Roosevelt; hangs him,"which Illinois knew

Scouts came in Building from a great distance in the Administration

POSING ED CORELL, to participate.in order Park, Chicago. MAYIN FRONT7, 1933OF RUTLEDGE TAVERN, Lincoln You reThe letters they carried were member, the beard bereplicas of a letter written by one came a part of the IF

Mathew S. Marsh to his relatives Emancipator's face

back East, franked by Abraham only after he had beLincoln, in 1835. The original come the President of

is a valued part of a Lincoln coU the United States.

lection owned by attorney Oliver In addition to the

R. Barret, Chicago. Each of these mail the boys carried,

envelopes was embellished with a at the invitation of cachet designed by Wilson Rape of the local Abraham the Illinois State Register, and told Lincoln Council of a story of progress in itself. The The Boy Scouts of

regular Boy Scouts of America inAmerica, stamp and signia, a tree foil, was inscribed in postmark collectors the upper section with a picture of from all points of the the LincolnBerry store, in which United States and the New Salem postoffice was Canada addressed to housed. In its left wing you see a themselves mail, sent

picture of the old Illinois State it to Springfield and

Capitol Building to which Lincoln had it mailed to the came as a legislator; and in which home address on May

his body lay in state after the assas- 7. Besides the regsination. This is now the Sangaular postmark, these

mon County Court House in which were stamped with my own offices are located. In the Lincoln stamps,

right wing is a picture of the White cacheted on the front

House. Between these two pictures with Patterson's head

is a facsimile of Lincoln's own sigof Lincoln and the nature, the original of which, I am artist's signature; on

proud to admit, is a part of my the back, with the deown collection. The head of Linsigned-f o r-theocca-

coln is a copy of Patterson's prosion Scout tree foil.

duction. This comes as near being Both types of mail, *

a picture of him at the time he was that sent here by colpostmaster as any we have. It was lectors and that actaken by an unknown photogtually carried by the

rapher during the time that Lincoln boys, totalled 12,000 was a legislator, immediately after pieces! Letters, signed

acting as postmaster. From this at the end of the hike

9a Literally in the Footsteps of ABRAHAM LINCOLN

Col. Dr. Charles Lindbergh; EckIn Lincoln's Steps! What a hike this would be for a Zepplin; the Graf ner, Commander

every governor in the United Boy Scout! We are wondering if any Scout y a member of the States and to various notables re- L. D. S. Churchy has yet made this pilgrimage—if so y we

siding in France, Italy, Australia,

New Zealand and Canada. should like to hear from him.

TT may be of interest to you to know that in Lincoln's day postshop; all these inconveniences went Salem, (he furnishes his own transage rates were 6%.c, 12c, 1634c to build the warp and woof of the portation there) he registers with

and 25c, according to the distance, greatest and best beloved American the custodian of the New Salem and was always collected at the citizen! How better to profit by State Park where the Illinois Hispoint of destination. Sometimes, his experience, to absorb inspiration torical Society has reproduced the

the addressee would not have the than by actually walking the same log cabins of Lincoln memories.

postage and Lincoln, not having path? For this purpose, in conferMr. Geisness also signs the boy's

the heart to refuse, would let him ence with Scout Executive, A. J. credential sheet. On days when

have it anyway; making up the Davis and other interested parties, but two or three boys make the

difference out of his own meagre a set of rules was formulated by (Continued on page 118) income! It is said that Lincoln which all Scouts who wish to earn COMMEMORATING ONE HUNDREDTH ANNIVERkept his money in two socks; one for themselves the bronze Lincoln SARY COMMISSIONING A. LINCOLN POSTMASTER

the postoffice sock, and the other Trail medal must be OF NEW SALEM the Lincoln sock. When Salemites governed.

began to notice that sometimes the To receive this full postage was not being collected, medal, a Scout must they started an investigation and walk alone the found that the postoffice sock was twentytwo miles not in the red but the Lincoln sock and memorize on the was highly emaciated from malnuway some of the Lintrition! Contrary to ordinary coln quotations

politics, as Postmaster, Lincoln was which are printed on not in accord with the administrathe back of the cretion of that day but, because his dential sheet for predecessor liked old John Barleywhich he must qualcorn too well, the women of the ify at Springfield district petitioned to have honest Scout headquarters

Abe installed. It was while acting before taking the

as postmaster that Lincoln spent hike. Some of these

much of his time studying law; are: "Learn the laws

walking the twentytwo miles to and obey them."

Springfield to borrow law books "Give us a little more from Judge John T. Stuart. And light and a little less

this walk is now known as The noise.""Don't swap

Boy Scout Lincoln Trail. horses in the middle

Perhaps you would like to know of the stream."Besomething about the hike itself? fore a credential sheet

In the summer of 1926 Scout Comis issued, the Scout missioner R. Allen Stephens, of the must qualify as to his

Abraham Lincoln Council realized Scout standing, his this unusual method by which a health and must have great inspiration might be derived turned in to headfrom the story of our martyr quarters a book rePresident. The humble village life; view on, "The Boy

the lengthy walks in order to borScout's Life Of Linrow texts; the way he invariably coln,"by Ida Tarstarted to study these on the open bell. This essay must

road before he ever reached home; not be under 200

and after he did reach it, there was words nor over 300.

only the fire place to serve as stuWhen the Scout dent lamp in the Onstott Cooper sets out from New

WHEN WINTER By E. L. CHICANOT

Certainly many Everything that in a sportive way misconceptions exist can be done with ice and snow is on the Canadian winbeing effected in Canada and new ter; fiction and the ways of squeezing recreation out of

motion pictures have them are being devised every year.

tended to emphasize As a result when the people of other the rigorous and uncountries are perhaps inclined to pleasant side so that pity those of Canada, with their the impression which country locked in King Winter's

If generally prevails icy grip, everybody is really having among those who do a wonderful time and engaging in not know Canada in a variety of outdoor sports that is the winter months is possible in few other countries.

anything but a pleasAfter all this is very reasonable ant one. Few have when it is considered that every

any suspicion that the year people who live in milder season regarded as so climates in many parts of the world forbidding and terrigo to snowclad Switzerland and fying may have anicy Norway for the sake of the other side; that so far sports that are possible in those

from dreading the apcountries. These are seasonable diproach of the wintry versions which Canada has right at

season many Canahome and dians, especially the which she has young, the vigorous THE BOUNCE been enjoyand the sportloving, ing since the positively look forearliest days ward with keenness to its advent and hail the first days of frost and snow with de- -4 light.

Canadians do not I deny that it is at times decidedly cold in CHATEAU FRONTENAC AND TOBOGGAN SLIDEtheir country in the winter

QUEBEC months and candidly admit that the elements can be extremely

ofLITERALLY millions unpleasant at this season. But that is not their way of reAmericans visit Canada in garding them. They have to live

her glorious summer months. in their country summer and winBefore, however, the fall's first frost ter and life would be very drear if

has commenced to tint the maples for a substantial part of the year they have all returned home again. they found conditions very disIt is not only that vacation time agreeable and merely tolerated

is over, that holidaymakers must them. They have adopted a very

resume routines and take up again different attitude towards their the pursuit of livelihoods. There winter.

is a certain apprehension over the Instead of meekly accepting the

Canadian winter which makes them stern elements of winter as an inflee before its approach. It would evitable hardship, waging a futile

be very difficult indeed to convince battle with them and being genthese people that the season they erally miserable, Canadians have are escaping may be just as divertlong made it a practice to seize ing and enjoyable as the one they them boldly and mould them to have experienced. their pleasure and enjoyment.

COMES TO CANADA

of her settlement. It is only in have come to know. It seems to practically every night there. For

recent years, however, that Canabe wrapped in cotton wool and those who would rather skate dians have come to realize that the all traffic sounds are deadened by themselves there are numerous outpeople of other countries might like the snowy blanket. The only door rinks where, under powerful

to come and share them and have sound to make itself distinctly arclights, skaters circle to the accordingly made certain special heard is the tinkle of sleigh bells music o f provisions for visitors. as the little horsedrawn vehicles hidden

with their furclad drivers move bands.

TT must first of all be realized that through the city street. The Mount

Canada is not altogether the almost daily sun catches Royal, bleak land of windswept snowy with its rays penexpanses that she is so often pic- d a n t icicles tured in the winter months. While upon the

such conditions may exist over a large area of the Dominion which yet remains unsettled and undeveloped it does not in the least faith-.

fully portray

SKIING IN THE ROCKY

MOUNTAINS NEAR BANFF

Montreal's choicest possession, the eminence looming over the city and accessible from all tabtrees and points, is a veritable paradise for andlished stant thereflashingis a conof shoerswinter trampsports'acrossdevotees.its crest,Snowand

produc- i multicolored fire from skiers shoot perilously between the tive area them. Crowds move happily trees down its lower slopes. On

ofwhereCanada bracingand energeticallyair. about in the keen itslongestfamousin the tobogganworld, loadsslide,of hapthe

thriving There is no city on the continent py and thrilled humanity are cities and towns have evolved, which has more agreeable or diverscatapulted down and into the valharboring large, and for the main ified sport in the winter months. ley below hour after hour. The

part, healthy and robust populaMontreal is a busy financial and Fete de Nuit is a riot of light and tions. Here winter comes in the commercial center and it is only color with its fireworks display,

guise of a magician to transform really at night and the weekends, the torchlight procession, and the nature to a new loveliness. when business has been laid aside, hundreds of revellers clad in sports

No one who knows it, for inthat the city has time to enjoy ittogs on the mountain sides stance, could think of winter as an self. Then crowds are to be found At the weekend particularly the

unpleasant time in Montreal, Canmoving in all directions bound for mountain features the greatest ada's largest city. King Winter some manner of diversion which gaiety and merriment when it is the

waves his wand there and the only the wintry elements make posmecca of all citizens who are out to scenery is overspread with a mantle sible. enjoy the winter. Skiers in all

of bright manner colored costumes of purest white and adorned with finest ice The hockey games icy in shoot slopes. the down Crowds frost It jewels. different is a city the are to world be seen in Monpedestrians, of enjoying the bracaltogether but quite as attractive as treal and the fastest game on earth ing air, climb to the lookout on

that summer one so many visitors pi ayed at its very best can be viewed (Continued on page 119).-.;Q<?..& a aMjEEES

- "> y*- "

-V-S > SPII '>/*>,

'ft's,/'?//

r

"(tj X Bpi i*. i:m A /* asm iJ

c* zi-A "y \I?*e- V r - <sp. r y*M

s-* -.v. Vd*

\ i o

>v

J4

v/

W- \.y s> '

!\ JHE Trail leads up, Boy Scout, up to a still more interested Citizenship.....

Jj a broader Education.... a zest for new intellectual and Spiritual Experi- *&$1 'ences.... a Faith as firm as ours, ever eager for new Light.... new planes of Peace < vv.

& and Social Justice.... up to a complete dedication of your life to Service to God

l> through Service to your Fellows. My hopes.... my prayers.... attend you'"

NTTTTrrrrrrr.Vn*iJ 3&-'H3:<fcfe> P(Y9: 77 S

BE >mmmmm&mm AtAi*?*

taiwiiMnmuifcinniiimuMiij11<I *te:J*3Sm

Ever since the kidnaping little Charles AugustusTHAT POWER of

Lindbergh, the state of New Jersey and its Governor have been very much in the publicWAS MINE mind. Through the courtesy By

of "Red Book Magazine"our readers are given an opporTOis knownot unusual,the date ofbutone'sto knowbirth GOVERNOR heart into the to see tunity one's of of the hour day and fl. MOORE die HARRY for those is reserveddeath who arThis Moore. Governor

theby law. To contemplate apof New Jersey ticle appeared in that magais not, of that day and hourproach

as a rule, fraught with cheerful zine for January. Every fathanticipation., every boy, I was in a neighboring state one mother of the condemned youth. er and mother

evening, addressing a fatherand- He said she had exhausted every every Bishop and Scouter, son banquet. I was stressing the means in an effort to save him, and should read this article.responsibility of parents in training now his fate was in my hands; I

their children, and I reminded them alone could grant a reprieve. She

of the Biblical injunction: 'Train would not feel satisfied, he conup a child in the way he should go; tinued, unless she had made this Heaven."But all at once another

and when he is old he will not delast effort. scene was pictured before me. I

part from it."In support of the I naturally shrank from such an saw an office with a number of

value of early training, I pointed interview, harrowing and nerveclerks busy about their tasks. Sudout that among the hundreds of racking as perforce such interviews denly the door flies open. A young

prisoners in our State prison, not must be. However, because of his man enters with a gun in his hand;

one had ever been a member of the importuning, his somewhat vague several other young men follow

Boy Scouts, and that a doctor of hints that her story might move me him. The one with the gun shouts

one of the large penal institutions to a favorable consideration of her out: "Stick 'em up!"Instantly

of New York state had said that in plea, I allowed myself to be perall the clerks raise their hands exhis twenty years of service he had suaded to grant her request for an cept one, the officeboy; and he,

not known one of the thousands of interview. with the spirit of a Crusader of old,

criminals in that institution who She entered the room bent and launches his strong young body at had ever been a member of thesobbing, as only a brokenhearted the gunman, only to be met with

Scouts. Drawing my watch from mother can sob; and as I arose to a bullet which sends him staggermy pocket, I said to the six or seven receive her, she threw herself upon ing to the floor. But he is only

hundred boys present: "It is now the floor, and lying prone at my wounded; he raises himself

eight o'clock. At this same hour feet, she clasped her arms about my whereupon the gunman with a

tomorrow night, in the penitenlegs and in a voice quivering with sardonic smile steps over to him tiary of my state, a boy (for he is emotion, cried over and over again: and pumps three more bullets into

little more than a boy) will walk "Please, Governor, please save my the boy's body, and his noble soul or be dragged through a little green boy!"Kneeling beside her, the goes to its reward. He is dead

baize door into Eternity. He had chaplain audibly prayed that God the sole support of his mother, who

forgotten God and the things of might fill my heart with mercy comes and takes his poor bulletridden body to its final restingprayer the I needed while ever most was indeed, he hadGod—if,

to place. the courage rests that I the might have them. me Withknown

final decision as to whether he shall do the will of the people as ex- I stoop down and raise the womlive or whether he shall die topressed by their representatives, and an to her feet; I order the chaplain

cease stand up; praying and and uphold the traditions of Jersey to of a king, the to powermorrow—the sorry, I say: then your but "I'm justice.prerogative a god."of

Next morning, as I entered my It was a scene which one does not boy must pay the price."

office at the Statehouse, I found the soon forget, and my heart was torn "Save my boy!"is a cry which I

for the anguished have often heard; but I am perprison chaplain awaiting me—an within me

isominous reminder of the execution mother—one word would make suaded that that particular job

to occur that night, although such her happy; one word could plunge committed to the parents when a

a reminder is not necessary, beher into the lowest depths of dechild is born; and wise indeed are

cause a governor who is impressed spair. they, if they enlist the powerful

with the weal or woe of his people As the chaplain intoned his and effective assistance of the church always feels the strain of such an prayer, I remembered those words or the synagogue in the performevent. I had often recited as a boy. "The ance of their task Reprinted by

The chaplain pleaded with me quality of mercy is not strained; permission from "Redbook Magagain to grant a final hearing to the It droppeth as the gentle rain from azine."

Scouting and Boys aandgirlrelativesit is thrillingas the tofavoredbe acclaimedof a particularbefore friendsman, young or old. It has been said that to man love"TEACHERS, scientists, philosophers—all who is a thing apart; 'tis woman's whole existence.

have made a study of human nature are agreed The attitudes underlying this analysis perhaps that early training is an important factor in all explain the difference in the feelings of boys and life. "As the twig is bent so is the tree inclined."girls at Valentine time.

to train are particularly enjoined SaintsLatterday possibility for a a boy on is, however, There principles. Therefore in correcttheir children it this serve purpose a double might day which

is not surprising that the Young Men's Mutual that of sending Valentines (verbal, written or exthe recognized early AssociationImprovement be his purpose to formal) Mother: would One thecellence in the and, Scout with program Boy will express understand to sentiment to one who

it for Authorities, the adoptedapproval of Church it; a bit the love to other Mother's of and put

our own youth. Day ahead a few months. For Christmas plans

get along that to seemed say boys Some may is gifts into materialized for have Mother—that of. ever butbefore Scouting True, thought was proper thing. the the expected Mother's Day times get well. so did not alongthey Changing

is expected. too, recognition will be made—that,On a give require a in change a methods. boy To stoprather Valentine have Mothers But on Day

let likes do, to to things tochance he him do the themselves; for for ped looking remembrances

touch a big world full of interests, to start him have remained content to admire and exclaim out in the right direction in characterbuilding, over the tokens the rest of the family have received.

is benefit, to confer an incalculable upon him it is exciting unexpected to send because the And his entire effects will shape and color of which Valentines, naturally it will prove so to send them life. A boy who is trained to be observing, to be to Mothers.

polite, to be considerate of others, to show proper respect to his elders, has a tremendous advantage What kind of Valentines might a boy send to variety wide is such and Mother? There society. contacts in his a good with man his Many

sort. select choice a different that every boy might in these training his regretted lack of early has

things. There is the quiet assurance, spoken with the

Officers Women's sincerity of the Young The General little are as concerned Mother—theof eyes meetingbest ineyes,all thethatworld.she is aTheregreat Association Improvement Mutual

with the training of boys as they are with the is the written note, telling her of what she has is life in a the of meant, meaning, and boy who lives girls. these people training of of young The

life is all quite doesn't about. Or, what know to the together parallel. should march They

still a written, in a statement of boy ways which the goal. Therefore Young same commend we

a to a is determined permanent, Valentine make are enall others organization and Men's who just a passing utterance—by gaged in this splendid work for boys. May their lasting thing—not

remarkable success be added upon tenfold. keeping the walks clean; or even a neck; by hangthe on not morning—and

her to tell once in awhile Ruth May Fox, Pres. Y. W. M. L A. ingfloor;pajamasby takingup timeeach out

of hopes and dreams and ambitions—and ways

true. Valentine a of making come them MakeR Boy and a Valentine last all the enchanted through it makes year and an

"\ATITH roses, forgetmenots, doves and lace year of it!

backgrounds so profusely displayed for ValBoys, you see, are their Mothers'accounts in entine's Day, a boy sometimes feels that it is not the bank of life. Into the bank a Mother puts

his day, really. every spare bit of the moneyof-memory; the curIt is too sentimental for him, too effeminate, rency of courtesy; the wealthof- wonder which

too flowery and gushing. Naturally he bows to comes with motherhood. Work, worry, trouble

the traditions of the day sufficiently to push and disappointments can so easily be submerged through the slit in the Valentine Box a few tokens if the bank account is accumulating in heartening for the nicest girls in the room; or, if he has grown proportions. But to be a good investment, boys

out of school, to cause the very nicest girl to must do one thing—keep up their interest—and

receive a more elaborate emblem of devotion to keep it up in Mothers is the greatest of all great candy, flowers, books, or other things. To a boy, kinds of Valentine! E, T, B.

tender affections are not to be bandied about in

Valentine and mailboxes; they are to be kept CCOUTING is the greatest program for boys

fairly well hidden in the depths of himself and ever devised by man,"a Church leader has brought out for display only occasionally and in said. Is your ward, your branch, taking adthe presence of certain privileged individuals. To vantage of that program?

.LIGHTS anc SHADOWS on the SCREEN

pHE Little Minister (R. K. O.) sets a new high in film entertainment.

With a fine Scotch flavor, against tTHE members of the "Era"staff Family.

the beautiful background of Thrumms view and evaluate pictures in READY FOR LOVE (Paramount):

village, the old Barrie story is told of all possible cases. When this Adventures of a young girl whose

the young clergyman who gives his love cannot be done, the estimates of mother sends her to a small town to to the gay, irresponsible gypsy Babbie. groups of people organized for cure her of being stagestruck. Family.

enacted. Family. Charmingly: this especthl purpose are taken. (Columbia) Fugitive Lady A

(Warner Bros.): Sweet Adeline pictures of groups previewing The girl is convicted innocently young

Done in quaint mood and manner of and presenting representative crime, and through a series of exciting the old song this musical moves charmopinions are: Nat'I Daughters incidents finds romance. An ingenious,

ingly through a series of episodes which of the American Revolution; though melodramatic plot. Fair for

takes a girl from her father's simple cafe Nat'I Society New England Family.

stage. Deftconcert the heights of the to Gen. Federation Women; Womgold- G. M.): (M. Bride Gay A directed. Family. ly en's Clubs; California Congress girl racketeer marries a chorus digging

: story made (Fox) Eyes Bright A of Parents Teachers; and Nat'tireexperiences their a up and make Shirley diminutive for the measure to Council Jewish Women; Wompointless unconstory with and some alto this will appeal picture Temple, en's University Club. a 1 vincing, confusion unethical

age. Family. every most indicate classiThey audience through.

: (Columbia) The Bill Broadway fications as follows: Children—: Pic- (Fox) of Arts Bachelor his horse for love and a man's story of to years; up 14 Adolescents—up life, directed skilfully ture College of animal, ability Broadthe faith of the in years; to 18 People—18 acted. Family. well and race takes Bill, a various to win way to years; 25 25 YoungAdults—over people from cross sections of life into years. The advice of these comEVENSONG (Gaumont—British)

a surprisingly interesting story. Ethical mittees, and the "Era,"is: "SeSelfish ambition and pride form the

values might be questioned, as a toolect your pictures. Go to those theme of this musical romance built

casual divorce, shooting craps, and the you know are of line type. Stay around a singer who sacrifices everycourting of a woman with money by away from those that you know thing in life to her success and dies with

a man already "slightly married"are are trashy or objectionable. Your a meaningless crown of glory. Excelwoven in so smoothly that their presadmission ticket is a definite conlent for Family.

ence goes almost unnoticed. Aside from tribution toward setting stanGentlemen Are Born (First Nathis, for Adults and Young People. dards of production."tional): Study of disappointments and

The County Chairman (Fox): disillusionments of four young men folPolitical picture of twenty years ago lowing their graduation from college.

clian exciting toward works which done. Adults Well and Young People.

be received with interest by Crawford, jolly, wholesome and human max. sports. Family. A it and

and Gable fans. Montgomery a Such Family. bit of entertainment. (Liberty) Girls School for cast spells sophistication; is the picture: Or- (R. K. O.) Girl Old Grand directed of Well and interesting drama choice. a matter of

tender, domineering, story of a iginal girls'reformatory. Contains food for

understanding school principal of thirty SEQUOIA (M. G.M.): The unique thought. Adults and Young People.

of the poetic photography defeat to goes beauty of years almost down who: (Fox) Very White Parade The

its virgin the forest selfish with interherds tries gracefight of the to she when student nurses of drama from human itself ful deer in alone this would ests in the her saving and make boys of town graduation, to the probation with a delightful film; strange, the lifelong girls. toward Verges good on hokum tragedy, pathos, joys along hopes and

friendship the great of deer the last. and the Family. the really the of way. worthwhile One

Wicked Woman (M. G. M.) mountain puma adds a touch which pictures of the year. Family.

battle story grim of a woman'sThe Girl O'(Mono): My Dreams

children for the happiness of her lifted is Sympathetic of family life, study fraught with tragedy and realism, but by fine interpretation into the field of made unusually interesting by the presgood entertainment. Family.

ence of a new foreign actress, Mady

Christians. Adults. Tomorrow's Youth (Mono.):

appealing picture of successful the An

BABES IN TOYLAND (Hal Roach): efforts to avert of a young boy

A phantasy produced with imagination of parents. Adults. divorce

and novelty possible only in pictures. BABBIT (Warner Bros.): The wellThe good old characters of Mother known story of the pompous Babbit,

Goose come to life, and, aided and his strength and weakness and loyalty abetted by the perenially funny Laurel and egotism. Fair blend of comedy and

and Hardy. Children especially, but satire for Adults and Young People.

Family as well. Behold My Wife (Paramount)

The Mighty Barnum (20th CenRather unusual tale of New York sotury): Rise of the humble Barnum to ciety man who marries an Indian girl

the position of the greatest showman on in order to disgrace his family, only to earth is depicted with little attention to find her clever and charming enough accuracy. Many badly burlesqued scenes to meet the situation and win his love.

create a jumble which is a matter of Rather too melodramatic. Adults and

taste for anyone. Young People.

Forsaking All Others (M. G. BIOGRAPHY (M. G. M.): Enter-

M.): Too worldly wise in type to ap- W. C. FIELDS AND FREDDIE BARTHOLOMEW IN taining comedy offering plea for tolerpeal to all, this picture will doubtless "DAVID COPPERFIELD"ance concerning human frailties.

....

Details of New Procedure suggestiveof Quorumlessons.Activity,Also1931.in theForRealmconhere. presented are

or group leaders for Quorums Changes in Ordaining venienceIf quorumsuggestionspresidenciesTN the January Era the official comYoung Men to the have their assignments and instructions period the in hand, well the for week the General munication Aufrom Priesthood reports need to and assignments devotedthorities the the explaining of Church the prolonged necessarily and be not authorities presiding have in policy to conductfollowed benew THE the given be to time remaining may directed the that followinging Priesthood the meetings during topics. following the of consideration class relation in to be change made also in the hour, School andSunday

in of Schools the the study Sundayregular Priesthood meeting of monthly FIRST in the ordaining of MONTH Church and the several quorums, was published. It young men to the Priesthood:

is expected that in each ward and "That a definite time be fixed foe First Week:

branch of the Church the procedure in the ordaining of Priests to the office Topic: Church Organization.

this official communication will be of Elder in the Melchizedek Priest- I. Organization in general.

1. Purpose. that this age be hood, thus and 19, detailsfaithfully followed. of the Some

the In (See organization. 2. of Need privilege Elders the of two these relationin to could meetings not affording

pages Activity, of Realm Quorum years betraining experience of and issue in the publishedbe former and 2530.) eligible fore they for ordinabecome here. presentedthey are now Jesus of of the Church II. Organization office to the tion Seventy."of

The following order is also auChrist.

and Importance thorized for advancement in the 1 Order of Business in Smith's eph Ownneed.Story;(SeeHistoryJosAaronic Priesthood:

Bishopries Meetings "Three years experience and of the Church, Vol. 1:1-8.)

to 2. Benefit to commembers and Deacons—12, 13, (Gospel in general. DocmunityTT is suggested that each Sunday morntraining14; for the

ing at 9:30, or earlier if desired, "Two years experience and traintrine, pp. 87, 88, 91, 171, 178.)

athat ing for the held to be attended meeting be 15 and Teacher—16; Second Week: years trainexperience and Bishopric, the following: "Two groupby Theleader of the high priests, seventy and ing for the Priests—17 and 18."Topic: Presiding Councils in the Church.

elders; the presidents of the teachers A twoyear course is provided in I. The First Presidency. (Doc. and

Vol. Hist, missionary of the Church, -training Elders for 107; and Cov. theand deacons quorums; Aaronic

years 19 of 209217.) 2:181200, young and 20 women

othersPriesthood supervisor any and President prospective of are of the High Smith 1 Joseph missionage who whom the bishopric wishes to invite. aries. Priesthood. (Doc. and Cov. 81:

In this meeting the order of business Under this arrangement worthy 1-2; Hist, of the Church, Vol.

will be as follows: young men may be ordained Elders 2:242-3 and note.

1. Opening prayer. atpleting19 yearsthis twoyearof age, andcourse,afteror comdur- 2. DutiesCov. 107:6467;of the President9192;(Doc. 124:and

2. Reports on assignments previously if necessary, ing they the time 125. may

made, if any. called a. be on missions and be ordained By revelation.

3. Assignments to various priesthood Seventies before departing for their b. By confidence, faith and prayers

groups.* mission fields. of the Church.

a. High Priests. 1. Power and authority. (Doc.

b. Seventies. and Cov. 107:8-9, 18, 78,

c. Elders. d. Priests. anywardotherconditions.duties particularly applicable to Vol.83; History1:477-9;of the112:3033.Church,

e. Teachers.

f. Deacons. Third Week:

4. Choosing of one of the three MelchiSuggestive Order of Business Topic: Presiding Councils (continued).

leaders chizedek Priesthood group these instructions present to the comto for Weekly Priesthood Ac- I. The1 HowTwelvefirst Apostles.chosen. bined priesthood groups at the 11:25 tivity Meeting—Mel- a. Forshadowed. (Doc. and Cov.

a. meeting. (Note: In those wards m.

in Melchizedek which quorums meet chizedek Groups b. Zion's18:2647.)Camp.

separately this assignment need leader will present group made as each not be (See Quorum Bulletin, Vol. 2, c. 1. History.Church, Vol.(History2:61134.)of the the message in the meeting of his Number 1, page 2, January—March, 2. Names of Members. (Ibid

group.) 1935.) 183185.

1 Reports of Committees on assignments 3. Arrangement and meeting at

*Some of the fields of activity which previously made. which chosen. (History of

should be considered in this meeting are as a. Personal welfare. the Church, Vol. 2:180follows: Ward teaching, home missionary b. Church activities. 181.)

work; missionary farewells, attendance at c. Class work. 4. Part taken by the Witnesses.

quarterly conferences, at sacrament meetings, d. Miscellaneous. (Ibid 2:194198.)

Gospel Doctrine class and other established (See Priesthood Manual, pages 47- 5. Instructions to. (Ibid,

meetings; visiting indigent and otherwise 50.) Yol. 2:194198.)

helpless members of the quorum; visiting 2. Assignments of duties as determined at 2. Special duties. (Doc. and Cov

families of missionaries; raising missionary the 9:30 Bishop's Meeting. 107:23, 24, 33, 35, 39, 58

funds; securing conveyances for members 3. Consideration of priesthood duties, 18:3134.)

attending Priesthood meetings, stake conpriesthood responsibilities and priest- 3. Authority: (Doc. and Cov. 107

ferences, union meetings, etc. For the hood ethics. 24, 36, 47; 18:2729! 20:38

Aaronic Priesthood: Administration of 4. Consideration of principles of conduct. 44; 124:128; President, 124

the Sacrament; collecting fast offerings and See Priesthood Manual, page 56, for 127; 112:3033.)

...

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935

Fourth Week: However his appointment comes Third Week:

Topic: Instructions on Principles of Conthrough the presiding councils of Topic: Ecclesiastical Divisions of the

duct, Prepared by Local Officers. the Church based upon his worthiChurch (continued).

ness. (See Doc. and Cov. 107: I. Missions.

SECOND MONTH 40; 124:9193.) 1 Purpose.

First Week: 3. Evangelists (Patriarchs) in the a. To regulate, supervise and direct

Topic: Presiding Councils (continued). stakes. Note: It is the duty of missionary labor.

I. The First Council of Seventy. the Twelve to ordain Evangelical b. To facilitate the preaching of

1. How first chosen. (History of ministers in the stakes as they are the Gospel.

the Church, Vol. 2:181182.) led by revelation. These patriarchs 2. How presided over.

2. How organized. (Ibid 201-2-3.) are limited in their jurisdiction to 3. Divisions.

3. Named. (Ibid 203.) the stakes to which they belong. a. Districts.

4. Number of Seventies to be chosen. Those seeking blessings must ob- b. Branches.

(Ibid 221; Doc. and Cov. 107: tain a recommendation from the Note: In the missions throughout

95.) bishop of the ward in which they the world the field is divided into dis-

5. Duties. (Doc. and Cov. 107:25, live before asking for a blessing. tricts, each district presided over by a

26, 34, 38, 9397.) district president. This is done in

6. Authority. (Doc. and Cov. 107: Fourth Week: order the fields of labor may be

2532.) Topic: Open Sunday, to be Provided by brought within reasonable limits as far

Local Officers. as the number of traveling missionariesSecond Week: districts permit. these Within

Topic THIRD MONTH will Presiding Councils (continued) Saints where the membership the of

Presidency I. The: of the Aaronic Priest-. First Week: will permit, are organized, branches

hood. Ecclesiastical of the Divisions Topic: presided a over president branch by

first introduced. 1. When Church. similar very to stake of a in a branch

call I. Presidencies General his sons. and Councils. a. The of Aaron and calls Zion. to president branch The

(See topics.) Keeler's in preceding Lesser (As considered Priesthood his assistance officers Priestin the such

and Church Government, pp. 6- II. Stakes. (See Keeler's Lesser Priesthood as reside within the borders of

29:4-9, 7; Exodus Government.) 44. and Church hood the these branch and look

located. Aaron was called. 1 Where (Doc. b. Why welfare the of members. Aafterbranchthe and 2. of. Cov. (January 1, 1935, 84:2426; Number 3: Num. is in stake a the supervision under

1213; Doc. and Cov. 107: there were 110 stakes.) the Bishopric of a ward, unless it is anof

13.) 3 Presidency.

a. 2. Order of Priesthood from Adam to How composed. theindependentmission isbranch.under theThegeneralbranchsuperin

Moses. b. How chosen. vision of president, the district in who

of. (See Keeler's a. Melchizedek Priesthood offici- c. Authority directed turn is presimission by the

ated in all things temporal as Lesser Priesthood and Church dent.

well as spiritual. (Gen. 14:18Government; Talmage's Ar20; Heb. 7:1-2; Keeler's Lesser ticles of Faith, p. 211212.) Fourth Week

Priesthood and Church Govern- 4. High Council. Topic: Open.

ment, pp. 4-5.) a. How chosen. (Doc. and Cov.

3. Right of this presidency from 102.)

father to son. b. How organized. (Ibid.)

c. Aaron's presidency. to stake aid son Eleazar successor an to c. As Thomas Hull

1. Aaron. general administration. In (Num. 27:2123.

Doc. and Cov. 107:13. 2. In visiting wards. (Continued from page 90)

5. How called. (Doc. and Cov. 68: 3. In personal work among

2021.) Saints.

6. Duties. a. To preside over Aaronic PriestSecond Week: great deal of service to the Church

Ecclesiastical of the Divisions Topic: his to tribute fellow and hood. men. (Doc. and Cov. 107: A

. (continued) Church 1317.) paid the editors the of him by

I. Organization. Ward officiate in the b. To temporal afUniversity of year book, Utah The stake. of 1. Division fairs of the offito Church;

in expresses Utonian, the 1932, 2. of (See Number. In the Realm ciate in outward ordinances and

hold the keys of ministering of Quorum Activity, and Keeler's esteem in which he was held by the angels. (Doc. and Cov. 84: Lesser Priesthood and Church Govyoung people who really knew

ernment, 8788.) 2627; 107:20. him:

3. bishopric. Presiding pp.officers—the 'Thomas Hull, Secretary. a. Special duty. (Doc. and Cov.Third Week:

Topic: The Evangelist, or Patriarch. 107:8788.) "Working unobserved and dili-

I. The Patriarch to the Church. b. How chosen. (Doc. and Cov. gently, with innumerable duties

40:9-12.) 68:1424; of. 1. Appointment (Doc. and Cov. to the students the of unknown

c. Duties. (Doc. and Cov. 72:9- 124:9193, 96; 107:3940.) University, comHull has Thomas a. 26.) By whom.

2. Powers and duties (Doc. and Cov. 4. Subdivided into districts. pleted his fourteenth year with the

124:9195.) Note: "The juris- a. Purpose. school. For eleven years Mr. Hull

diction of the Patriarch, and his 5. Branches. served as assistant secretary of the

a. Relation wards. (See to power to bless, extends throughout the ten years past and for

Keeler's Priesthood Lesser and school the is special Church. His duty posipresent his has capably held Church Government.) to bestow patriarchal blessings, but

being a High Priest, he has aution.

thority a exacting virtue his of ordination, host Hull of has by "Mr. History the of THUMBNAIL A to administer in ordithe other official duties he executed to be but 'c*> in Picture and Church nances called His upon. when act finds to always time unwith the is office April Print"is what the numas sometimes known

as usual a student understanding office. evangelical evangelists Other will of ber Era Improvement The

advisor. his capabilities, Realizing patriarchs the are or ordained by called. canundoubtedly be You

of Apostles the stakes in the Twelve school has Hull appointed Mr. it; send afford to your miss not is it as Zion, designated to them tofunds, bursar student the of at to subscription once ImThe to time, revelation time from by secretary as gether his position with

or Patriarch, Era, Presiding the but North provement Main 50

Patriarch to the Church, holds his Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. and auditor of the university, and

office by virtue of inheritance. secretary of the board of regents."

Three Point Campaign Enthusiastically Received

large of in a number adopted been Stakes and Wards Organize Four Important Centennials has the renewal is credited with and wards for Success in 1935 of activity among thousands of adults

TF advance indications are accepted as "piVE important events in Church throughoutthe Aaronic thePriesthood.Church who still hold

history in the occurred 1835. year a guide ThreePoint the Campaign Jr., of Henry Bishop W. Ballard,

are, in is order: chronological Orsuccess.for They assured already of 1935 report a Stake in of Cache Ward the Benson ganization the first of of stakes reports are bewards Quorum andFrom a outlines Bishopric, Presiding the to

ing received of the enthusiastic acceptTwelve Apostles in this dispensation very successful program which is being ance of the plan and a successful beon February 14, by David Whitmer, followed in that ward. Bishop Balginning. Some stakes are conducting Oliver Cowdery and Martin Harris, lard's report in part is printed herees- Witnesses, the Three beenspecial had competitions between who quorums with:

pecially to that responsiappointed others grades of Priesthood; planand this organizing were we "When bility; the the orcelebrate of event to outstanding commencementsome of seriousness the class we recognized ganization of the First the of at thevictory campaign. end Quorum our ward over going In leadership. of the

first Seventy the misFebruary on 28; activity the the of phase camIn Superright the was decided man we sions the of the of members Quorum is the allotmentpaign of each ward so School, the we Sunday of intendent

the as of apostles, Apostles the Twelve total sixtenths the populaandone understanding the with released him group leaving the Kirtland 4; on Maytion. with members 1,000 ward his this A duty give new that he would Papyrus the Pearl from which Great of (total a as population) have would chosen efforts. Elder was best Munk Price printed into was the hands came year. the assignments forquota 1,600 the side religious of the after to look

; of Joseph the Smith July 3 on Docthis each plan chairmanUnder ward assistant to class, as we him an and

trine and Covenants at approved was figure his stake thecan quota and own Brother Petersen. Silvin chose Brother

a general the assembly of Church on the figure the forchairman can quota in ability wonderful Petersen has 1 7 August accepted as and the of law stake.entire athletics, drama. music and

faith practice and the of In Church. is a farreaching It campaign. This necessary it that Recognizing was

one years these hundred historymaking activity, missionaryincludes and work anything to most do get these boys to events have been important stones ineducation. phase should Each be started get to to in order wanted they the foundation the strucwhich upon all carefulgiven consideration by athsuggestion, their acting upon and ture of the has reared. been Churchleaders of Priesthood in Aaronic any tables ping letic pong and equipment

centennials these of events The are imcapacity. quarter, the each of end At provided. were portant in milestones history. Churchas are the quarterly reports compiled it suggested was time on went As

stakesthe leading in the Era.announced in activity will be Benson Adult Aaronic sothatthepart"Articlesof the timeof Faith"be spentby inTalmagestudy,

Priesthood Class Makes became their outline. As a result of

Word of Wisdom AnniverGood Record this,followed.some very splendid discussions

in inactive successes I every that man ma*y say visited the age of over 20 was activour sary February 27 "DEPORTSin Adult Aaronicof outstandingPriesthood ward r\N February 27, 1833, the revelaities continue to reach the office of the by Brothers Munk and Petersen. As

> tion known as the Word of WisPresiding Bishopric. This new plan a result many inactive elders also were

dom was given to the Prophet Joseph enrolled.

Smith. Since that time it has inAbout midwinter, the class decided

fluenced the lives of hundreds of thouAaronic Priesthood Threethey would put on a show. This went

sands of people. It has contributed over with such success that it was taken Point Campaign for 1935 to a number of towns and some of thetremendously to the remarkable record

of health and the low death rate of our wards in Logan.

the furnish class to the invited Wepeople. Million One Assignmeet- for Sacrament program complete third ThreePoint of the point The to Every Ward splendid a in way ing. done This was Priesthood of the AaronicCampaign

its Share. 1 ments.do times. several is Living."Clean in "Teach 1935

The Word of Wisdom teaches clean We feel sure their work this winter living in a positive way. The 102nd will be as successful as last. A number

anniversary should be made the occaof the boys are active at the present sion for calling special attention to Every Aaronic Priesttime. One of the priests is preparing

this outstanding code of health and hood Member to fill himself for a mission, another is to be clean living. 2 at Least One Assignmarried in the Temple in the near fuDan Carter Beard, National Comment. ture.

missioner of the Boy Scouts of AmerAs a whole we feel more good was ica, gives this advice to boys and accomplished in this work last winter young men: "Be careful what goes than anything we have undertaken.

into your mouth and what comes out Teach Clean LivingWhen you see boys formerly indifferent, anydone elders have never and who is for advice anyit."good of That Thoughts—Speech—charge, take years for appear, and thing is it material excellent body. And for 3. Actions—Bodies. faith a profor the furnish programs is It living. importclean a talk on

ant enough to become the basis of a moting Sacrament meeting, it all makes sermon. In fact, it is a sermon. one wonder with thankfulness.

.;

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935

Adult Aaronic Priesthood Lesson ThirtySix heard something of a silver mine having 1. The Law of Consecration. been opened by the Spaniards in HarLessons 2. Stewardship. mony, Susquehanna county, state of

Prepared by Elder George W. Skid- 3. United Order Anciently. Pennsylvania; and had, previous to my

more, Logan Ninth Ward, Cache Stake 4. United Order in the Dispensation hiring to him, been digging, in order,

(Continued from December) of the Fulness of Times. if possible, to discover the mine. After

Lesson ThirtyThree 5.6. Tithing.United Order During the MilIwithwenttheto restlive ofwithhis him,hands,he totookdig me,for

1. Discuss Fourth Chapter of lenium. the silver mine, at which I continued

Malachi. References to work for nearly a month, without

2. in Evidences of Proxy work by success in finally our undertaking, and Chapter Consecraon Times.Ancient I prevailed the to old with gentleman tion Stewardship Order, United Compendium,——3. Scriptural Evidences of Baptism it. cease after digging arose the Hence all pages to Scriptural with 249, 247 thefor Dead. very prevalent story of been having my References. Articles Faith, of Talby Relate 4. the Visitation to of Elijah a moneydigger. mage, pages to 454. 449 inJoseph Oliver Smith and Cowdery "5 I 7. the that During time was

Kirtland Temple, April 3, 1836. Lesson ThirtySeven thus employed, I was put to board

in 5. Temples Ancient Times. 1. a Isaac with that Hale, place; Mr. of Resurrection—Definition. 6. in this Dispensation. Temples 2. Resurrection at Christ's it Resur- I first there (his was wife saw my

Specially Constructed. rection. daughter), Hale. 18th the Emma On

7. Other Ordinances for the Dead 3. Resurrection at Second Coming of January, married, 1827, were we

besides Baptism. of Christ. while I was yet employed in the service

8. Ordinances for the living per- 4. Resurrection at the End of the of Mr. Stoal.

formed to continuing to my persecu- a vision, 9. Whyin Temples.we should do Temple World.5. Resurrection of the Body as it is assert"58.thatOwingI had seenWork. Laid Down. still tion wife's followed me, and my References References father's family very were opposed much

Malachi, Ch. 4; Leviticus 16:21; (The above order of subjects is to our being married. I was, therefore,

Exodus 28; I Kings, Chs. 6-8; Ezra, taken from the Compendium by Richunder the necessity of taking her elseCh. 6; Pearl of Great Price, page 5 1 ards and Little, pages 53 to 63, which where; so we went and were married

I Peter 3:18, 19; 4:6; I Cor. 15:19, see with all Scriptural References.) at the house of Squire Tarbill, in South

29; Doc. and Cov. 84:3-5, 31:110; See also Gospel Doctrine, Chapter Bainbridge, Chenango County, New

14, 15, 16; 124:39; 127 and 128. 24 on Eternal Life and Salvation, pages York. Immediately after my marriage,

Compendium, pages 283 to 288; 178 538 to 603. Select only the topics in I left Mr. Stoal's, and went to my

to 182. Articles of Faith, by Talthis chapter which are applicable. See father's, and farmed with him that

mage, pages 148 to 161. The Gospel, also "Resurrection"in Index and Conseason.

by Roberts, Chapter 24, pages 239 to cordance to Doctrine and Covenants. "59. At length the time arrived for

249. Read Moses 7:55-5 7 in Pearl of Great obtaining the plates, the Urim and

Lesson ThirtyFour Price. See Articles of Faith by TalThummim, and the breastplate. On

1 Position of the Church regarding mage, Lecture 21. the twentysecond day of September,

Honesty, Truthfulness, Refinement, one thousand eight hundred and twenChastity, Virtue. Joseph Smith's Own Story tyseven, having gone as usual at the

2. Thirteenth Article of Faith, "We Extracts from his history end of another year to the place where

believe in being honest, true, chaste, Written in 1838 they were deposited, the same heavenly benevolent, virtuous, in and doing good to all men; say that indeed we may we (Continued from December) messengerthis charge:deliveredthat I shouldthem upbe responsibleto me with

follow the admonition of Paul, We "56. In the year 1824 my father's for them; that if I should let them go

believe all things, we hope all things, family met with a great affliction by the carelessly, or through any neglect of we have endured many things, and death of my eldest brother, Alvin. In mine, I should be cut off; but that if

hope to be able to endure all things. the month of October, 1825, I hired I would use all my endeavors to preIf there is anything virtuous, lovely, or with an old gentleman by the name of serve them, until he, the messenger,

of good report or praiseworthy, we Josiah Stoal, who lived in Chenango should call for them, they should be seek after these things."county, state of New York. He had protected.

3. Sexes. 4. Marriage for Time.

5. Marriage for Eternity.

6. Eternal Increase.

7. Destiny of those who do not

marry for Eternity.

References Articles of Faith, by Talmage, Lecture 24, pages 441 to 461, with all scriptural references. Select applicable

topics. Compendium, Chapter on

Marriage, pages 117 to 123 with all scriptural references. Key to Theology, by Parley P. Pratt, Chapter 17,

pages 149 to 159. Gospel Doctrine,

Chapter 16, pages 341 to 399.

Lesson ThirtyFive 1. Review of Lessons ThirtyOne

ThirtyTwo, Thirty-T h r e e and

ThirtyFour.

(Make assignments in advance to SCOUTS AND VANGUARDS JOIN IN MONUMENT BUILDING members of the class.) MARKING OLD FORT HENRY—ESTABLISHED, 181011

Ward Teachers Message, March, 1935

is designed relationship to be the an eternal ple but of having who are worthy The Sealing Ordinance it is sealing of the sexes. ordinance this people for them. performed With

7\ ND verily I say unto you, that the not merely a temporary contract to be Those who are worthy should be enconditions of this law are these: of effect in earth during the mortal excouraged to take advantage of the priAll covenants, contracts, bonds, obligaistence of the parties, but a solemn vilege still offered them. Those who

tions, oaths, vows,... or expectaagreement which is to extend beyond are not worthy should be given every

tions, that are not made, and entered the grave."The Articles of Faith, encouragement to prepare themselves

into, and sealed by the Holy Spirit of by James E. Talmage. for this great blessing.

promise, of him who is anointed, Every member of the Church who In the homes of those who have been both as well for time and for all etercontemplates marriage should undermarried in the temple a discussion of nity, and that too most holy, by revestand fully what is involved in a decithe blessings and benefits of this prilation and commandment through the sion to marry outside the temple. It vilege will doubtless prove beneficial.

medium of mine anointed, whom I is the duty of the Ward Teachers to The desirability of so living that nothhave appointed on the earth to hold teach this principle to the people. With ing will be permitted to endanger or

this power... are of no efficacy, virthe approach of June, the month of nullify the blessings attending temple

tue or force, in and after the resurrecmany marriages, young people are now marriage is the principal message sugtion of the dead; for all contracts that making plans. This is an appropriate gested to be left in these homes.

are not made unto this end have an end time to discuss this vital question. References: Articles of Faith, by

when men are dead."D. 8C. 132:7. This is also an appropriate time to Talmage, pages 442447; A Rational

"Marriage, as regarded by the Latdiscuss sealings with those who, in the Theology, by Widtsoe, pages 146ter-day Saints, is ordained of God and past, have been married outside the tem149; D. 8C.Sec. 132.

"Xaggvai*- -<

Supplementary Material for wife;his mother,and theyand shallshall cleavebe oneuntoflesh.'his doctrine"The Latterdaythat marriageSaintsis honorable,accept the

Ward Teachers Neither of the sexes is complete in and apply it as a requirement to all itself as a counterpart of Deity. We who are not prevented by physical or

rPHE Sealing Power. Naturally, the are expressly told that God is the Father other disability from assuming the sacpower to seal men and women to of spirits, and to apprehend the literalred responsibilities of the wedded state.

each other for time and eternity, and ness of this solemn truth we must know They consider, as part of the birthto seal children to their parents for that a mother of spirits is an existent right of every worthy man, the privieternal ages, is a supreme power, compersonality. Of the creation of humanlege and duty to stand as the head of

mitted to man's keeping. The Presikind we read: 'So God created man in a household, the father of a posterity,

dent of the Church is the only person his own image, in the image of God which by the blessing of God may on the earth who holds the keys of these created he him; male and female created never become extinct; and equally

sealing ordinances. True, he may delehe them.'The purpose of this dual strong is the right of every worthy

gate his power to workers in the temcreation is set forth in the next verse woman to be wife and mother in the ples, so that celestial marriages and sealof the sacred narrative: 'And God blessfamily of mankind."

such delegated but go on,ings may ed them, "Celestial as said unto Be them, and God Marriage—Marriage,authority be withdrawn may at any fruitful, multiply, replenish and Latterday Saints, and regarded by the

moment. In that respect, it differs the earth.'Such a command would ordained of God and designed to beis

wholly from the power of the Priesthave been meaningless and void if adan eternal relationship of the sexes.

hood, which can be withdrawn from a dressed to either of the sexes alone; With this people it is not merely a

man only who is found in sin. It is and without the power of perpetuating temporal contract to be of effect on

proper that only one man should hold his kind, the glory and majesty of man earth during the mortal existence of the this power, for it is of infinite effect, would be insignificant; for small inparties, but a solemn agreement which

and should be guarded with the most deed are the attainments of any individis to extend beyond the grave. In

jealous care, and kept from the frail ual life in mortality. the complete ordinance of marriage, the

prejudices and jealousies of men."A "Grand as may seem the achieveman and the woman are placed under

Rational Theology, by John A. Widtments of a man who is truly great, covenant of mutual fidelity, not 'until

soe."Marriage—The Teachings of the liesthe inculminationhis leaving ofposterityhis gloriousto continue,career deathfor alldotheternity.'you part,'Abutcontract'for timeas andfar

scriptures concerning the necessity of and enhance the triumphs of their sire. reaching as this, extending not only

marriage are numerous and explicit. And if such be true of mortals with throughout time but into the domain

'The Lord God said, It is not good respect to the things of earth, transof the hereafter, requires for its validathat the man should be alone;'this cendently greater is the power of etertion an authority superior to that of

comprehensive declaration was made nal increase, as viewed in the light of earth; and such an authority is found

concerning Adam, immediately after his revealed truth concerning the unending in the Holy Priesthood, which, given establishment in Eden. Eve was given progression of the future state. Truly of God, is eternal. Any power less

unto him, and the man recognized the the apostle was wise when he said: than this, while of effect in this life,

necessity of a continued association of 'Neither is the man without the womis void as to the state of human soul the sexes in marriage, and said: 'Therean, neither the woman without the beyond the grave. Articles of Faith,

fore shall a man leave his father and man, in the Lord.'by James E. Talmage,

Ill

IF YOU HAVEN'T READ THESE BOOKS, YOU ARE MISSING SOMETHING UNUSUALLY FINE.

BOOKS The Meaning of Culture truthscome withand eachnew successivevisions ofreading.old truths militaryhis wife; Miles;interesting,tranquil,inscrutablelovely Helen,CathBy John Cowper Powys Reading by a cultured person is done erine, their daughter. Miss Loach, a

{Published by Norton) with the detachment which gets the shutin who misses nothing in the curwriter's viewpoint and does not try to rent of others'lives and interprets everyTN its eleventh large edition, this book adjust every written thought to the thing as she pleases is as real as our is scarcely what one would call new, reader's ideas; response to nature and own Miss Loach, or whatever her name

but it is so new to each new reader that nature's moods and teachings is a part is. Dr. Selby with his love of beautiit can scarcely be called anything else. of culture; real, beautiful culture must ful things; Mr. Hackett, with his obThe preface says: "One rather felicitous be founded upon dreams. These are noxious parade of wealth and his aldefinition runs as follows—'Culture is but a few of the innumerable thoughts most frightened spirit which wears a

what is left over after you have forgotpresented which arouse in the reader cloak of money for protection; Mr.

brother Jim,tenlearn'—andall you inhavethisdefinitelysally you setget atoutleastto innumerableand culture Powysmore. observesRegardingthatreligion"reWinter,too sophisticatedthe clergyman;and herElsie Cookson,

a useful warning against associating culligion has kept clean and open, facing not sophisticated enough; Mary Lydture too closely with the academic parathe unknown outer spaces, a posterngate, who might be a daughter of your

thephernalia of education."With this bewindow in the prison of the self which best friend—all these move through

ginning the book sets out to indicate common sense might only too easily story with such quiet tread that they signs of culture and bits of philosophy have allowed to get blurred or shut."are scarcely heard until the book is

underlying it. The cultured person is The book should be read with the closed and they are still in the room

one who has his own philosophy of attitude the author regards as cultured with you; and always will be.

life, guards it from disintegrating ele-—entering into it as if the reader himments, and guides it carefully through self had written it; living in a world Utah Sings

dangers of brutality and stupidity. not merely belonging to Powys, but to

of Verse An Anthology times himself. culture reader says the"The more And many a man has", Academy of by the Utah will "the course of perusal the come (Sponsored duringPowys,... does more austerely

he abide by his own taste. It is ever the thrilling, sudden flash of insight Sciences, Arts and Letters)

the mark of the parvenu in education into the author's meaning which is the "THE first book of Utah verse to be to chafe and fret till his opinions corpulse and lifegiving discovery that * published, apparently, this volume respond to the last word of modish comes with reading. just off the press has surprising matursophistication. Culture, however, like ity and finish. It presents representative

aristocracy, goes its own way and does This Little World work of some hundred and twenty itself."not justifying bother about hundred over four poets of Utah with Francis Brett Young By various typical included, of poems twelve chapters absorbing Through (Published by Harpers')

the author leads the willing reader into moods and forms. From Lulu Greene

a consideration of culture and its effect "N /[ORE important than anything else Richards and Ruth May Fox, both over upon and relationship to philosophy, * in this book by an Englishman is eighty and both singing beautifully, literature, poetry, painting, religion, the coming to life of an English village down to Martha Ross and Edith happiness, obstacles, love, nature, readwhich seems as real as any of the people Welch, still in their teens and singing ing, human relations, and destiny. A in it. There is a charm of slowmeas- with youthful modernism the book

somewhat profound and at times alured music in the book; a satisfaction abounds in variety and loveliness. Form

most impenetrable depth of words and of having known all the characters, and content both are in delightfully construction characterizes the book, but though by different names and in difadequate evidence, and some of the from the digging necessary to discover ferent places; a sudden flash of deterthought captured in lines is poetry in

golden meanings there emerges a wealth mination to try to understand better the finest sense. Someone has said that

and clearness of thought which are those who live about us and might so poetry may not save souls, but it makes amazing in their simple power. It is a easily have lived in Chaddesbourne. souls better worth the saving; Utah

book to be read twice at first and then The Ombersleys help to people the Sings goes to make good that statement.

again occasionally thereafter, for new village—which is the book—dignified Many a page, read and pondered, will

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935 107

leave the reader stronger and finer for "Abe Lincoln"ten, Howard Haggard gives to all the the contact. Did you want him, Nancy, children of all ages a new insight into

Random selections, chosen from the Who could so ill afford him? the importance of the work of medipage which happens to open, give us Did your tired eyes follow cine, and endows it with the dramatic

Rosannah Cannon's "Autumn AfterTom about the room interest which is its rightful atmosnoon": With thoughts of phere.

Inequality?

"Something within me seems to suffer Jimmy Microbe frontier Immortal, Nancy; most (\F time Neither nor circumstance In Autumn, when the chill advancing Workersparticularis theinterestlittle tovolumeM. I. justA. courage in a world Dims your ghost

press, off the of Adventures "The could so That lifts signal a warning Winter high Of written Microbe,"Dr. Jimmy by afford trees against clean a In flaming blue III

I. L. Daines of the A. Lyman Y. M. M. passing. His sky.

Virginia Board, General and Budd lie hills distant in a glow, ruddy When long Jacobsen, enthusias- a devoted and are, there Hundreds with of poems crisp boisterous, are winds I and And tic I. worker. M. A. heartbeats in of hundreds dreams and know

as characters the of book, The lines. may their nicest the thing about And last, these things I not do That and

are creafascinating the imagined, be it is likely in are to that reading you stride must into of bacteriology, put such that the author one tures of any the steep slopes, along the moundiscover Up the truths intriguing situations that of lives door! right next of the poems tainside,

this are science such with simimparted breast, Gathering beauty aching to my is plicity a allearning joyous, the that the leaves copper before Touching in History Doctor The experience. exciting Let most one no rest, they

it it is a think children for only; book Haggard By Howard W. dull again the Sodden and dyupon

is all their for for and them grownup Press, (Published University by Yale earth, ing relatives; question the will be only and Haven, Connecticut) New Never again to feel the warmth of

it will enjoy most. as to who birth. laity as well as the medical proTO the

I cannot face the cold, unSomehow interest fession there is unremitting The Provincial Lady in less bacteriology surgery, in medicine, and

I have stored up October s loveliness."related subjects. Doctorbooks of years America

And "Waiting,"by Helen Candagovolumes,were perhapsthe mostbecausefascinatingof theirof seall (PublishedBybyE. HarperM. DeMeldand Brothers)land:

crecy. Medical books of today, not

"They tell me secret at all, still are fascinating. And pXCERPTS from this book which

That Penelope among the intensely interesting ones appeared in Harper's Magazine in

Was a woman of great poise. stands "The Doctor in History,"a 1934 aroused sufficient anticipation

1934 publication now being read among readers to make the actual conThey tell me, widely. ning of the volume more or less of an

That calmly Beginning with prehistoric times, experience. It is a book of the type

waited for Ulysses nearly twenty She recital of everyday points the author rare—a years. builds disease everyday is older than way which outman—centuryoldthe fact that affairsfar tooin an

all fraternity subconscious of of infection, up remains show signs who she animal Had live usual ordinary lives disease, of dishap- Theories and share and decay. Her serenity

uneventful superstitions kind. Many and some inexhaustible well within ease From

full that of excitement traced succeeding through regardingages—mediit are peningsbooks areof sothe herself? cinemen and mythological characters readers are left feeling that their own

Or can it be being as prominently identified with lives are very flat indeed; "Provincial

That she medicine as were such men as Galen Lady in America"is so full of the

Had never heard of the Cyclops, and and Hippocrates, who accomplished ordinary that it encourages the great

Lotus Eaters, and Circe?"much more than is generally known in mass of people who read it to find fun

their fields. and value in the unimportant. With

Lowry Nelson gives us "Recrea- Contagions and epidemics, physical no chapter headings, the running style tion": and mental, are discussed with enlightis so like the running style of living

ening understanding, and here and there that no other form would fit it, quite / love a wind a glimpse into the past gives rise to like the diary type used.

In a willowy lane, a strange feeling that every bit of proNot a page in the book is dull, yet

When billowy clouds gress in medicine has been accomplished not a page skyrockets. Describing a

rain; sowing Are agricultural to with an show the prejudice unjaunt of odds—the birds When says: her she Robert, husband, bitter less slightly "We and brooks againstlearned being only

Have come again; than that of the learned opponents of continue to look at machinery, and

And each thing certain theories and practises. Robert becomes enthusiastic over exIs throbbing with Spring. Medicine in Europe and America; traordinarylooking implements with

a quarter consider does Teeth, not and in experiments the laboratory which for glad I'm these—

to in stand too long which of an hour revolutionsuch with been made rain, have the wind, The

And the lovely willows izing results; bacteriology, antiseptics, looking at it in silence. Feel that

That line the lane; anesthesia, bedside medicine and operpersonally I have taken in the whole

all these surgery; atingroom willows, of Maker Oh

so. simplicity a powerful with of Maker men sented are preseconds—butof its charms doin not,somethingof courseundersay six And

Thanks for making which commands at once respect and Fall, instead into reverie about America, with imagination runs away me interest. Them new again. unflagging

before at sea buried and I die and am to his children and prefDedicated

And Bertha Woodland contribaced with an explanation that for them Robert says, Well, if I've had enough utes: largely is this history of health writ- (Continued on page 112)

Let'sTalkAbout Personalitu By MILDRED BAKER PART VIII INthisthis,series,the concludinglet's attemptarticleto difin ferentiate between personality as we have tried to present it and the not interfere with the inalienable One's personality is drab and more or less popular attitude toright of others, I may indulge my colorless or rich and colorful, acward and understanding of the individual choice. I shall know, cording to our individual efforts to

term. Personality, as we have retoo, whether I am a lily, a rose, or develop it. Then let us strive,

garded it, represents our particular a modest violet and will bend every each one, to develop it to the limit stage of selfdevelopment and our effort to expand and develop in of our capacities. Let us strive to

particular stage of selfdevelopment harmony with my true self because know ourselves, to recognize our paints the picture that the world I will have learned that genuine possibilities, to appreciate our capasees of each one of us. Some of happiness can come to me only as bilities and to put forth every efus present strikingly beautiful pic- I strive constantly to be true to my fort to expand, grow and develop

tures, others, pictures less beautiful nature, to be what I am and not ourselves to the point where we and still others mere daubs. Those what I am not. may look upon life joyously. For,

of us who have successfully learned undoubtedly, the development of to integrate our personalities, that "POO often we confuse personality one's personality with all that it artificialwith mannerisms will dailyis to build up, and them implies is a joyof effort and error ities. possessesachieve the a greater degree physical of girl who A ous undertaking. Development

poise and grace, mental stability faculty of being a good dancer and means conscious growth toward an and emotional maturity. All these engaging readily in small talk and ideal. Development of personality

will work consistently together in inconsequential conversation, who then, means conscious growth toone harmonious whole and make "has a line"or who possesses a few ward the ideal of selfhood in harlife a glorious adventure with a intriguing mannerisms, gestures or mony with the great cosmic forces definite goal before us. Through physical allurements, is often said of natural law and creation and

observation and study, we will to possess "loads of personality,"there is no greater satisfaction to be have come to understand ourselves when in reality she may be woegained from life than the satisfacbetter and to understand the funfully lacking in real requirements tion of conscious unfoldment and damental rules of living. We will of personality. If, at home, for a sense of fulfilment which may be

learn to take an impersonal view, instance, she flies into a tantrum ours when we undertake the aband hence a scientific view of a when she is inconvenienced or sorbing task of developing our great many matters which we have crossed, she is not emotionally maown personality and helping our been accustomed to regard with exture. If the suggestion of a quiet children to develop theirs. Life

aggerated personalism. We will evening with the prospect of a little will take on a very different aspect

know that while it is right and thoughtful reading proves either for us when we attack the problem proper that we, as individuals, shall frightful or abhorrent, she is menwith sincerity of purpose and our expand, that we shall be privileged tally lazy. If, no matter how exrewards will be more precious far

to express ourselves, it is not our pertly she manages intricate dance than jewels.

privilege to do that which will steps, she is guilty of slouching and cause conflict with the design of generally careless carriage or poor "THERE is this to be remembered.

creation or to conduct ourselves in posture, she lacks physical poise. No individual suddenly acquires

a manner opposed to natural law. And if she is any of these things, either mental or emotional maturity

We will know that we can exershe is lacking to some degree, at with the attainment of physical cise our individual choice as we will least, in personality. maturity. Development of personso long as we do not choose to do Personality should not be conality should begin in infancy and

that which is contrary to the genfused with individuality either. continue throughout life. But it

eral good. Furthermore, we will That swing of the shoulders, that is never too late to begin to make

learn to know our individual natone of the voice, that particular improvements, correct imperfecture, knowing that what represents attitude which I take toward a tions or begin the process of perthe proper expansion for me, does difficult problem or situation, in sonality development.

not necessarily represent it for my fact all those attributes, gestures So then, I hope these little talks brother or my neighbor or you and and characteristics that are pecuwill have proved of practical value knowing that insofar as I do not liarly my own, constitute my indito someone, somewhere and that transgress the immutable laws of viduality but they do not constitute your personality, dear reader, may nature and of life, insofar as I do the whole of my personality. be richer for having read them.

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

STREET I. MAIN NORTH A. I. M. Y. M. Y. A. M. W. CITY, 50SALT LAKE UTAH SMITH, GEORGE ALBERT FOX, RUTH MAY

R. RICHARD LYMAN, CANNON, GRANT Offices General Y. MELVIN'W. BALLARD, M. I. A. LUCYCLARISSA A.J. BISHOP'S OSCAR KIRKHAM BUILDING ELSIE A.HOGANBEESLEY

Secretary Executive CITY, SALT33 Executive LAKE Secretary UTAH

Tribute to Thomas Hull traveledto the Stakes.thousandsWithof mileshim totheyimplanthave originalityity of tone ofandexpression;ability to bevoice—qualheard; for

The fear of the Lord is clean, enduring in the hearts of the young people of his is a big little job. Of course in

forever: the Church an abiding faith in its prin- M. I. A. the masculine personal proThe judgments of the Lord are true ciples, a task Brother Hull loved and noun means woman too.

and righteous altogether. which with all the fervor of his soul

tried to accomplish. desired they are than gold, to beMore

fine also Ruth May Fox, Sunday Evening Joint gold: sweeterYea, than much

than honey and the honeycomb. Lucy Grant Cannon, Program for March

Moreover by them is thy servant Clarissa A. Beesley,

Public Speaking, warned: and in keeping of them General Presidency, Y. W. M. I. A. A PROGRAM of

there is great reward. Music, and Stories.

Us All Press On,"his errors? Hymn—"Let can understandWho Cleanse Chief West or a1. similar hymn. faults. thou me from secret

Keep back thy servant also from prePraises M. I. A. Program 2. Prayer.

sins; sumptuous 3. this time the quarMusic—by 10, September 1934. over me: not dominionLet have them tettes choruses and to ready ought be George Smith, Supt. Gen. A. I upright, shall then I Dr. be and to excellent furnish numbers. They I. Y. A. M. M. shall the great innocent be from sing might here. Instrutwo numbers Dr. Dear Smith: transgression. selected, carefully numbers, for are grateful very the permental We the theLet of mouth, and words my be would mission in very extended your kind acceptheart, meditation be of my

4. ten or The minute letter 8, of to use your 1934, August sight, in able appropriate.Slogan—One thy my O Lord, five talks minute two subject. the on in Scouting, espeChurch Program and strength, redeemer. and my Psalms 19:9-14. cially that phase of it which has to 5. A Religious Story—by one who

do with the Program of the Vanguards, has been studying storytelling.

as a basis for our expanded program verses the 19th quoted from"THESE 6. Music—Selected. in the * to Division Senior developed be thrilled a often Psalm, Psalm which 7. such as subject some Speech—On in Protestant the cooperation with their ecstasy in keepinghis to soul hold as a "Brigham Dauntless LeadYoung

as a their part Churches, uniof and feelingsthe Brother of sentiments and er,"Organization of the "The Quofied for the within youth program heart. Hull'sThomas the of rum Twelve Apostles—When Church. enthusiastic anyNaturally about topic and or has some which Why,"the assures Dr. that Wyland me to do, believed orthing he undertook during used the been in season of one of Committee to CurriculumPlanninghis eagle's as soared wings on mind I. classes. the A. speech should This M. the real will Protestant Churches have religious heights.sublime a of While well be prepared has very one by who the practical appreciation for working seriis termedtemperament and what If speech. other studying been some offered the plan in Vanguards. affable, also merry heousminded, was it is topic suggested used, those than

are therefore that hopeful you We fellows. princehearted of a and good religious subject. should be on some see, after will a fruits years, the few truly friends his in of companyWhen 8. or Mixed, Male Music—Ladies, in of labors wider very a your much is a the proverb, that of merry "He quartette. or Chorus field Christian the developed by feast,"a continual exheart hath was 9. Benediction. generally. Churches life this inemplified the of man. good

Brother Thomas Hull was a man Cordially and sincerely yours, NOTE: Every effort should be made to

that any boy might love. Although (Signed) JAMES E. WEST, produce an outstanding cultural pro79 years of age, he had a boy's heart. Chief Scout Executive. gram. This is an opportunity for the

loved the beauty ofoffered—heHe loved life and the good things life Community Activity Committee and earth, The Presiding Officer partments.for activity Leaders in the various dein thesun and sky. Gospel He rejoiced

of the Lord Jesus Christ and praised TLTAVE you thought how importatnt his Heavenly Father for the opporis the role he plays. His is the Activity Program

first sets servicetunities it afforded for the stage for and him voice heard—he

selfadvancement, for Effective the meeting. add, allow not and he may Time does we

full. long advantage to thetook flowery of and and announcements them

1 indicate 4 received that "DEPORTS fact, his flattering turn regardevery too good do dayTo introductions—in chose drama, dancing, groups 274 less delight. reward, his of the introduction often embarrasses an was

story, speech, music, 256 149 177 the of person members taking part the program. The Young on Womconversation, reading, 154 294 382 en's greatly it will officer miss briefly, Board in presiding say the him To social hobbies, conduct. 481

their deliberations the with lanto his should the look appearance; Young

Men's Board, as well as in their visits guage he uses—choice of words and Effective

their person39. Alberta 67

willingness 40.The New Year Finds onlyality selectedand spiritualitybecause ofand Benson

Many Stakes Near The Top to work and make a real canvass."41. Minidoka 6767

42. Shelley 67

the are going home down nowXKTE 43. Idaho 66 v stretch 1 5 that April towards 44. 66 Ogden in Which and 20 Stakes Have Turned

contest. circulation close thethe of 45. Kolob 65 o): the Highest Number

Nearly eighty per cent of the stakes Subscriptions 46. Palmyra 65

have passed the fifty per cent mark and 1. Idaho Falls.635 47. Boise 64

fifteen have gone over the one hundred 2. Liberty.495 48. Hollywood 64

per cent quota. Juarez has gone up to 3. Maricopa..486 49. Malad 64

158 per cent, a splendid record, with 4. Fremont..475 50. San Francisco 64

Union second, and Moapa crowding 5. Ogden..469 51. Timpanogos 64

followed almost neck and neck by 6. Salt Lake..443 52. Beaver 63

Snownake. But the best of all is that 7. Pocatello..437 53. Logan 63

8...409 Fnsign subscribersthe 54. have a magazine which Davis 63 South

9. St. Joseph.407 55.they 61 they are proud. read and of which Box Elder 10. Benson.405

The race for numbers of subscrip11. Montpelier..380 56. Lehi 61

tions is also extremely interesting. 12. Hollywood.378 57. Teton 60

Idaho Falls is out there in front with 13. Mt. Ogden.373 58. No. Weber 59

635 subscribers, 116 per cent of its 14. Box Elder.372 59. Alpine 58

quota, proving that the larger stakes 15. Snownake.367 60. Carbon 58

16..360 Franklin St. 61. George 58 if will. the over Libtop theycan go

17...339 Moapa Sevier 62. So. 58 is lasterty, a close of year, champion 18..336 Utah 63. Yellowstone 57 insecond, Maricopa, order followed by 19. Cottonwood.332 64. 56 Emery SaltFremont, Lake. Ogden, and 20...324 Big Horn

65. Panguitch 55

it Juarez, cent per has though 158 66. Portneuf as Stake Percentages 55 Record of

is first its the quota, notof among 10, 1935 January of 67. Salt 55 Lake

indicattwenty, to according numbers, 54 Rigby 1...158 68. Juarez races. it is that to welling have two 69. 53 Cottonwood 2. Union..136

listed are Herewith 20 Stakes 70. with 3. Ensign..133 53 Moapa

their standing according to percentages: 4. Snowflake.131 71. No. Davis 53

(Several mistakes in totals were dis- 5. Montpelier..129 72. Woodruff 53

covered in our published figures last 6. Lyman..127 73. Blaine 52

these, care- 7. been however, havemonth; Big Horn.118 74. Juab 52

8. Maricopa.118 correct.) to befully checked appear and 75. 51 Nevada 9. Falls..117 Twin

10. Idaho Falls.116 76. Parowan 51

Lethbridge Stake Going 11. Curlew.113 77. Summit 50

Over the Top 12.13. LethbridgeBear Lake..110..107 79.78. SevierLos Angeles 4747

HAVE just been checking up the 15.14. DeseretFranklin..101..100 80.81. WasatchEast Jordan 4645

stake and find we are only 3 below the 16. Star Valley...99 82. West Jordan 45

stake quota,"says John H. G. Green, 17. Zion Park...98 83. Utah 45

18....93 Iof Lethbridge, Kanab Canada, "and am sure 84. Cassia 43

19.....92 Fremont finish will over the top. Several ofwe Liberty 43 St. 20. Joseph 90 85. their exceeded quota."haveour wards 86. 42 So. Summit

... "I believe,"says an Eta director, 87. Sharon 42

"that the greatest difficulty we have in 88. Roosevelt 42

this stake, and in each ward, to a great 21. Burley 90 89. Garfield 41

extent, is getting agents that will take 22. Uintah 89 90. Weber 40

an active interest in the work and call 2 3. Pocatello 8 8 91. Millard 39

on the people in the spirit of rendering 24. Bannock 86 92. Moroni 36

a service to them. Too often the M. I. 25. Hyrum 85 93. Tooele 36

A. officers have selected young boys and 26. Oneida 85 94. Blaine 35

girls to do the work. In most cases in 27. Lost River 79 95. Gunnison 33

this stake, this has been done and they 28. Morgan 75 96. So. Sanpete 33

(the boys and girls) have no interest 29. San Juan 74 97. Duchesne 32

in the work and make one or two can30. Taylor 73 98. Nebo 30

vasses and then quit and a number of 31. Bear River 71 99. Tintic 29

the people are not called on at all. 32. Cache 7 100. Pioneer 26

Where older people are selected and 33. St. Johns 71 101. No. Sanpete 25

given that opportunity, better results 34. Young 70 102. Wells 25

are obtained. That is one of the lead35. Blackfoot 69 103. Granite 24

ing factors in our success this year... 36. Mt. Ogden 69 104. Grant 24

.. The ward agents as a rule should 37. Raft River 69 105. Oquirrh 23

not be less than 35 years of age, and 38. San Luis 69 106. No. Sevier 19

"Man's prevailing mood should be objective."

Speak Now ditysavagesin willhistory,roam."where we now stand,

Life an Achievement And yet certain gains have been"K/AY we remind you that ours is a lost. of been all has -not Out life made; universal gift; is a cooperative mutual T2IRTH movement—a nobler man's echoes of the past come process, individualassociationis an Already we must formulate our program for next season. You achievement. Alt are born, but achievements. Into our seething day

share in that responsibility. Based on not everyone really lives. Some of change has come some of the changeyour observation, experience, and conwhose birth antedated death by less wisdom of the ages in the form of

tact with members this year, will you even three score years can scarceliterature, art, music, science. These

anvil of fashioned costly tools on the lived at all. be said to havemake recommendations now for the ly Standing for the taking. ours time are near varies in degree Life from program?new

What appreciation courses do you zero upward in the scale toward on the vantage ground of the present, to rear upon hope now we not mayfeel described by Shakethat of your adult would be welcomed by a man centuries a broadthe of the summit.. "infinite in faculty as in spearegroup? included these be Should

civilization? based, truly symmetrical

... likeour in reason shall noble manual? modify,. how we How past, of the clear perspective the With is that enrich oramplify general a our program? God."he may Man

strucbuild a balanced not now may we is faculties, alt his in fully to develop yourThis opportunity be conso life out complete, rounded ture so of all joys.structive truly helpful, that order and but he not know do may

shall neglected? vital be that nothinghesitate is to the eternal the propoint defects present of out aim in Joy

is ages; the of can question the This

if lives planour joy; even for suggest cannot you Man cess—life. lack balance? we keep our What we

.a remedy. in joy. joy; through

is us, for too If high yet? the answer

is life please too, joyless us a Tell Therefore, this sea- a how oblivion. shall into go down we too lifeson's beas received, has program been Only modifailure—lifeless.

fied, amplified or substituted. What comes joyous, does it become sucof social activities? How successful cessful. "The amount of satisAdults'Day

have your sessions been on the 5 th faction one gets is the new sucT70R years we have acclaimed youth.

Tuesdays of the month? Are personal cessful life."As life improves We have remade the world for

experiences being given? We are anxin quality, joy increases in intenthem. The lurid shade that hovered

ious to receive these helpful incidents sity. Man becomes more alive by over dawning life has been banished,

as explained in the manual. Are you opening up and developing more we hope forever.

opening higher to up to view enjoyment. avenues the world of hoband recogyouth, have emancipated We

preparation neverbies and making particijoy will to His be live to their rights as persons complete nized pate in another Hobby Show at June because his powers are capable of their own lives and given them more

Conference? infinite development and exploi-?nd more freedom, opportunities, adPlease tell us now. Even a penciled tation. His joy will be as endvantages.

note with only a sentence less as his progress. or two will Adults have done this—and of appreciated.be send it of living But now. is more Adreward rightly. Thelife—rich coursedress—M. I. A. Adult Committee, eternal life. "The next decade belongs to adults,"

North50 Main a national figure. Just announces or 30 Bishop's Buildnow

ing, City. Salt Lake has he in mind? what

lived; therefore, no civilization has We think he merely recognizes a

What Lack We Yet? been permanent. Sparta sought the growing realization throughout the land

perfect man through physical developthat now it is time to give attention /OD, some would say Nature, has ment; Athens by emphasis on learning. to adult life; to take the dullness out

man—thebeen tryingperfect tomanproducewith allthehiswholefacBothRome leftbuildedout something;grandly, butbothmoralfailed.unof Theit. adult has been forgotten, pushed

ulties fully developed. Tribes, nations, balance at last brought ruin and ended aside, shelved. Now he feels the quickpeoples, men without number have her reign. She fell beneath the feet ening pulse of new possibilities for

risen and fallen. Some civilizations of less cultured, but more sturdy man. zestful living. Adult life is taking on

have climbed high, but sooner or later, No fact in history seems plainer than new lustre. It is being discovered that

all have lost balance. Like circus man's inability to maintain balance. life need not wane until it "winks

clowns, they have tumbled down from Nations rise like waves of the sea out;"that there are ways, many of

the inclined wire of human progress. higher and higher perhaps but each in them, to keep alive in the freshening

Unbalance has toppled the nations. turn disappears. Savagery follows hard stream of events and make progress in

Never on this planet has life been made upon the heels of culture. We may the art of well proportioned living.

complete or perfect enough to bear up well ask, can a cultured civilization It will be the proud achievement of under the pressure of time. Always survive? History gives only the gloomy this decade to extend life in depth and

it has been as as in duration. well element has. never has scope Culture defective—some answer—it essential to complete the circle culture decay; has the us of life brought Let been crushed help win war against joyhas been lacking. by savagery. Says one surveying the less maturity. Hail the dawning day

The balanced life has never been panorama of the past, "if there is valifor adults.

"DY throwing their whole nature into the interests of others, men most effectually escape the melancholy of introspection; the horizon of life is enlarged; the development of the moral and

sympathetic feelings chases egotistic cares."—Lee ky.

JI2

To All Seniors by Francis Rufus Bellamy, North

A NUMBER OF SENIORS MAY of our readers declares. "A Better Place

CENIORS, according to the M. I. A. BE INTERESTED IN THESE To Live In,"by Edward W. Bok,

classification, are those adorable and QUESTIONS found reprinted in the January Reader's virile people between the ages of 23 Digest is a companion article. Young

1. I to plan grow gar- a flower in is people search for jobs 35. of could page find This not and them—those next den I summer. have a strip better advice, setters, directors, in perhaps, fashion conversation the than bordering piece a I lawn. of article "Ideas builders, changers. Get world and Job,"world by The John like to plant banking Tunis, a course Seniors of Review of study Reviews, have January, The three or four shouldflowers—about

fact courses, 1935. a course, in Feet of and For Old,"Paul many "New by rising rows low from to ones

activity outlined for them. The manZinnias in the back row. Will de Kruif, Country Gentleman, Decemual bears the intriguing title: "The some good Senior gardener tell ber, 1934, should not be overlooked Quest For Complete Living."The me what flowers—annuals—to by older people who are suffering from

Committee's hope is that every Senior select for my purpose? Thank hardening of the arteries of the leg.

will fill his days with fine things in you. All of us may some day so suffer. In

I just have finished reading fact, is life this live his that order he very will may the Ancient Mayas"2.book—"The usually find the brim. section a crossconfidential—you best of the Stacy Robert I like Judd. here to—by

articles portrait that read magazine in have hope you DiThe Reader's We it. Will guide to one some me

of Joseph Smith by John Henry Evans, another about the same people? gest. Perhaps if none of you take the

in the January issue. The author 3. We need help. My husband magazine now, you could subscribe by

says that brains have capacities just and I live on a farm a considerthe class and pass it around.

as cups do and that no one would try able distance from our communto pour a gallon of water in a pint cup. ity center and somewhat remote

But everybody should try to fill the from neighbors. We attend mutuals regularly rather Tuesday on are there the brim. to cup Somehow (Continued from page 107) especially evenings, the Books when believe that those had the Lord who

is in are but good, weather we in spoke he thing such mind whensome -sf >- need our for home of something talents. point to wished those of He bit evenings. read a have We out that all of us should not only use about hobbies, but we need sugof the caterpillar—-(caterpillar?)—

the talents we have but find new ones. gestions. We should be glad to what about some tea? We accordingly

experiother offer people's will read about February hope that hot and crowdWe teatent—very under the somewhat living life the ences to for suggestionsmany to tip show tendency same repaired, andto benches

as physically well as and circumstances. get off people other whenever people full—socially Now, Seniors, who have made all after spiritually, for... man is grespills her girl up.... Small

delightful, evenings here his home association enjoys with garious and is table the tea, which on it runs down to helpopportunity lend a is an is great. inertia not fellows too when flannel Robert's invades slope, and will a ing hand. Committee The the of Senior many Men We hope says pleased, trousers. but is not He to these answers queswelcome

will find in Scouting an opportunity tions. Please make them brief that It doesn't Matter, and we leave

for service and personal growth. The and as definite and concrete as tent."

the the need need andboys men possible. men grant, startling, except Nothing we find can Senior boys. the The Women

is it in startling a as to find chuckle interesting opportunitiesequally among it (especially happens whatever when girls. the all to Seniors, read ought be by one entire the to people) other and happens is corner just the around Spring to in ready be send something worth this trip with Engthrough America isn't like that. It dethewe know while. recalls our of own. moments lishwoman

rolls her pression. Nature Old Mother if Seniors, read now, have you And everlastingly toothpaste empty The are prepared atseasons us whether we far, are will thus that you know rise we susgives to strange tube a which

is time the not, for or them hints. merely throwing All so—now out us of toothpaste; eat the that children picion

thatto spring summer. plan and sort to of keep us need spur pushsome the discussion unfailing of "Anthony

Are you going to grow a garden ing along. The best of luck attend you. Adverse"by any and all; the largethen plant it now—spiritually or woman who works her way steadily

itshould we diseight dinner, course an say dreamily—before is What Have You Read? through to ground. in the Are you going cussing the rigid while the diet she

make travel your hobby this coming Seniors should, by design, become on; the question as to whether or notis

summer? Then lay out your trip now; voracious readers. Men are thinking Thanksgiving has a disastrous effect on

study costs, stretch it to the limit of through all sorts of problems these trade in England and the delicate reply every dollar set aside for the purpose. days and are presenting their thoughts that so far as known England has never

Will you camp some where? Then in more interesting ways and through returned any particular thanks for the

why not get well up on camping outmore avenues than ever before. United States'having left them;

fits and places to go. Here are some articles which have these and many more bits are cumulaDon't forget that there is likely to been mentioned to us as being worth tive in their power to absorb and debe a hobbyshow at June Conference. while. "Be Glad You're Neurotic"light. Don't miss "Provincial Lady in

All of our Senior artists, writers, woodgave one person new hope. Reader's America"both for herself and the fact

carvers, builders, bird fanciers, etc., eic, Digest, January. "The Magic Twist,"that she will be a stepping stone to

should have the occasion in mind and American Review for January, 1935, other books by the same author.

let your ward and stake lag in this duly qualified M Man. Try to makeMSpecialMen Instructions for cardsto whichto bewefilledare allin. working.This is theDon'tend recognitionon the vest,awardsover theand heart,shouldbybe wornevery

M Men Basketball mentsrespect. in Readthe M carefullyMen Handbookthe requireand Addressthe sacrificeY. M.to M.obtainI. A. yourGeneralpin Office,now.

"DEPORTS from nearly every stake Guide. If you are eligible for the 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City,

indicate that the basketball teams Master M Men award write us for a Utah.

are having the best season in years. form to be filled in immediately.

Several new teams have been added to Special M Men Instruction the hundreds of entrants already parInitiation Ceremony and In January M Men Institutes haveticipating. The Churchwide tourna- M Men Pins been held in the Salt Lake, Ogden,

ment will be held in Salt Lake during If you have not been an M Man Provo and Logan areas. These have

the early part of March, 1935. before June, 1934, you are not one been held under the supervision of the

The San Francisco area will send a now unless you have completed the M Men Committee of the General team to the tournament this year M Men requirements and been initiated Board and the M Men Executive Counalong with the Southern California into our brotherhood. A beautiful cil. A general course of training for

contestants. All M Men officers should and impressive ceremony is set out in M Men leaders and officers were ofkeep us acquainted with the stake and the M Men Handbook. Try to hold fered including three major topics of

district winners so we can plan for a an initiation in your ward soon. We universal interest. These topics were:

selection of the best teams for final have a supply of M Men pins at the I. Athletics.

to A. office M. sell forcompetition. Y. M. I. 75c Instruction.

and $1.00. are gold These pins our II. Master M Men$2.00 Ward Athletic Fees III. The M Men Program Explained

All wards that have not sent in their From Now Until June Conven- $2.00 fee to the Y. M. M. I. A. office tion.

at 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake Unanswered? Many stake and ward M. I. A. SuasCity, Utah, should soon do so officers and Men M as By Roger W. Haglund perintendents, Itpossible. the at June was voted these coaches attended meetings. The

Convention to raise the fee to two TS your prayer as yet unanswered, continuance of these additional helps dollars to help defray expenses of teams Though your plea was fervent quite, is assured by the success of those alwho travel long distances to compete. And you know God heard you calling ready held. The information gleaned

Details of this plan will be furnished And your cause was surely right? from these meetings will be sent to you

later to the selected teams. This fee in the form of a special bulletin.

covers all expenses for the athletic Can it be that God is willingcontests in Tennis, Swimming, and That your prayer should be in vain? M Men International

Softball baseball held in the spring, Is it that He is unmindful Reports from S. Homer Durham,

and helps make these Churchwide Of your trouble or your pain? Superintendent in charge of M. I. A.

events possible. in the British Mission indicate that our

brothers Nay, take across the courage faithful, sea are joining be and in C. C. C. Camps MenM will relief; give us in the soul great your God with movement fromM Men

Several thouhundred and Men will lighter, enthusiasm. burdens M Orders your make He for HandMen M

are ofsands prospective enMen give solace grief. And books, Lessons, to your Guides, M Pins, Awards

camped are being Men material West. The league is being in C.M MenC. C.officersCampsshouldin thecoGod is Love and Truth and Mercy, andrequested.Master MA Cricket

operate with C. C. C. Camp chaplains He is Father of us all. organized. In the German Mission and

to promote our athletic program and Can He then forget His children, elsewhere a renewed enthusiasm for course If possible, of instruction. is activity being evidenced. Men have Or deny them when they call? Mthem attend play with and your ward not be long before have an It may we

you. International. It that is hoped

to hold IfM theMengroupclasses isat large,the camparrangeand KnowingOft we sendwell ourthat prayerswe shouldto askHeaven, MMissionsMen the will in all parts of world let their athletic teams For the play in your courage, strength and knowlinclude the in their program M Menstake tournament. edge mis- A wonderful or it to suit modify work their purposes

sionary work can be accomplished by Needed in our daily task. and circumstances.

making all young men in your vicinity welcome at all M Men functions. Every day is but a little Greetings

life live, the that each Of mustContact Stake Supervisor your of M the Committee of Gen- "THE Men M the life's of the whole And picture the of and Chaplains C. C. C.Men

eral the and Board ExecuMen M the give. days repeated That this to get underCamps program way. tive desires to Council heartexpress

literarySuitable material equipand felt for gratitude cooperasplendid your will a each God day journey make in already placed havement been the in tion their best pledge and 1934 Full of happiness, joy and the of Chaplains.hands

efforts a to bigger prosperous and more If trust His guiding we wisdom

Master M Men Applicants And His loving tenderness. M Men year in 1935.

The Master M Men application Herbert B. Maw,blanks are being mailed to all those Prayers are just as surely answered Chairman M Men Committee,

M Men who have written saying that Though requests may be denied, General Board.

they have completed their credits and As if all our supplications Charles J. Parkinson,

other requirements. Some stakes have Were abundantly supplied. Pres. Church M Men Organizaalready sent in for fifteen or twenty tion.

-zw.nt*.

The following talk given by Linnie no avail. Let your lives prove which And thus increase my powers as days go

Parker, a Gleaner Girl of the Cannon of you has the real ring."by;

is Stake, a sampleWard, Pioneer of the through the ages And down that If I can pay my tithing—not for showstill talkssplendid given at advice Gleaners rings by let your ingM. I. A. Conventions. lives prove which oftrue—goyou has the real Nor with a grudging spirit nor a

church, for the people all over the world whine off'rings, oh! so gladly,The Slogan justare thelookingjudges.at theTheyreligionscannotwhichtell byis Pay allknowingmy

T BELONG to a wonderful Church true and which is false. And so they The fraction that I pay back isn't mine.

so wonderful that I am anxious to look at our lives to see whether or not the true have we Church. itshare others, the with everyone with I fill If can each day pleasant with Since actions are for count what I over. all to worldwide them want greetings

in establishing most the divinity of our it that for heart, I'mknow and body spread thought about some happy And religion in proving loyalty and oursoul. I it? can But show how How song, or and I. wholehearted support, our M. Ican allegiance prove the to my all at meetpresent time and Be on my its has A. as chosen slogan this forChurch? ings, year: I actions will "By prove my my in little use, are themselves of Words every help worthy push work And allegiance I, to the as Church."Andwhether they in be flowery employed along; individual an I. of the A. member M.sermons loud, or heated arguments. its fullest I If learn serve can and mostly concerned am actions with what sometimes only toWords bring people meaning, of will mine allegiance to prove mya state say, of they where mind "Now to asked I'm "Gladly,"work when Say the Church. folks everywhereshow teach, me!"—for or

would rather see a sermon than hear If I can live my day so that each minute If I can learn to lift instead of leaning, one, and how much better we can Will add a new enrichment to my If I can always practice what I preach;

prove our allegiance by keeping our youth, If I can make old folks and children poise quietly and the demonstrating strong stand Church and And for my love me divinity of it religion our all by that's the way in it, And keep my faith in God a-burning enriches lives our personalities, and its actions demonstrate by And my bright, than by any number of arguments in truth; in those Believe that He has placed

its behalf. If I can live above all filth and crudeme, above

There is a story told in an old ness And know that they're directing me

German play called "Nathan the And make my life a pure and happy a-right;

the moral brought andWise,"one, out by If I can really prove my soul courstorythat little well be applied might avoid all haughtiness and rudeAnd yet ageous to the proper way to prove our alleness And in a battle triumph over sin, giance to the Church. Briefly, the story Find joy in life instead of merely fun; If I can know ambition is contagious

is this: lived in there ago an Long "fall if I rest will the soon work carry asked I'm to out a duty That If, when

a threeEastern country king had who in;"I declare, heart Right can from my asons. possessed king wonderThis

"I'll try!"

toful ring the with power endowed its I all in find If will that can hidden pray and work And God know my it beloved whoever both wore bymake beauty heed me ring man. been and had TheGod

If I heart; asked with an unselfish have to forpassed father son from down

many generations. If a father had Can be on hand whene'er my Church

need me, may it to given than son be onemore was part; glad ready so to and do myto the best. the Be one loved he Now

a If I unsay can power with "no"for very'perplexed,king loved he was all three of his sons equally well, and daunted he didn't know to which one he should When asked to stoop to something low or wrong, ring.give the Finally a jeweler he had

for some good cause my help is like But if rings just other exactly twomake wanted, just before died he wore,the and one he the "yes"I say be just as him, to gave called son each him Can makehe strong; rings. the After of blessinga one and

his death, however, a contention arose among the sons as to which one had If I can use the life of our great Savior the enchanted ring. No one could tell As my ideal in everything I do,

by looking at them, so the three sons And prove to all the world by my went to a great judge and asked him behavior to decide which one had the real ring. That I am with my Church right

But the judge shook his head. "Your through and through;

father who is dead is the only one who If I can look for good instead of weakreally is search ring be successful enchanted endowed with And in my—thecould decide that,"he said. "But wait ness

its love If I beloved and wearer all this with can do to makethe power

"POSING"bytherefore—liveboth God andyourman, livesis it not?in peace.Go, meekness, Photo by W. B. Hales Then I have proved allegiance to my

Arguments and contentions will be of Church!

Safety Surveys for lishednels hevocations.will quicklyThroughlearn thattheseservicechanVanguards to mankind, "doing things for other

people"will bring him the greatest

L. a brand new D. S. happiness, that his chosen through and

hall burned*A YEARchapel andago recreation serve can the world. vocation he

down. Investigation showed defective

wiring. Recently another new chapel

and hall burned—reason not known. Scouting Vocational

In Log of the Vanguard Trail No. 4,

there are four safety surveys outlined. By George Bergstrom, Scout Executive,

No more practical, interesting or educaSan Fernando Valley Council, B. S. A.

tional activity is offered Vanguards surveys. these four Vanguardthan talks Vocational (A series of by an ARCHERY ENTHUSIASTS

leaders to get the Log, are urged plan outstanding L. Executive, D. S. Scout

the surveys and put them into effect as published especially for Vanguards) quickly as possible. Chief Executive Praises

A suggested order for the surveys is Vanguard Program No. 1. Foreword.

this: is of one's finding of life work survey of every February—Safety the especially to interest July 27, 1934. THE*- tremendous attended by Vanguards.Church Dr. George Albert Smith,

up, is just growing young man who survey East Temple, South of every home 47 March—Safety his manhood. and attaining He wants lives.in which a Vanguard Salt City, Utah. Lake

to qualified best he is what to know Dr. Smith: survey of every school Dear April—Safety will a vocation of kind and whatattended by Vanguards. I have just reviewed the two publido,

gain, financial what the net traffic most him hazSurvey of in the L. cations, "Scouting S. D. May—Safety hapto he most bring can do him the in whichards in every community the a Church"of VanLog and "The

Vanguard lives. guard Trail"and I am so much impiness, what equipment he may have

Plans for the four surveys and compressed with their quality that I want in addition to eyes, ears, legs, and plete instruction are contained in Log to send you this word of appreciation hands. He is continually looking

Number 3. If more than one survey of what has been accomplished. This ahead, endeavoring to prepare himself

a month can be conducted so much the makes me realize anew how fortunate for the life to come. He may talk it

to relative or information ask he may church, that save a may Board. Executive member of ourservice—servicebetter. Here is an opportunity for we are in having your leadership as a over with his parents and other people,

possithat various jobs might hold Let's a life. or do a school, a home, which and those you The service

it, Vanguards! associated with you have rendered in bilities. If he is a Scout he will naturdeveloping this training program for ally turn to the Merit Badge program,

Vanguards and the Stiver young men is outstanding. In fact, which is an intensified vocational and

I hope we can make use of the pamavocational program embracing more

Jubilee Anniversary phlet on the L. D. S. Church as a than a hundred subjects.

(\N February 8 Scouting in the symbol of what could be done by other

United States will be twentyfive denominations in helping their own Citizenship, a vital need leaders the Scout Program to make years Jubilee Silver Annithree turn than million boys More old—a effective in Scouting and more versary. cooperate should Vanguards year. in pro21 years every of age in America

in every possible way to make local moting the ideals and objectives of the About onefourth belong to our Nacelebrations of the birthday of Scouting Church itself. tional Organization and they do much

a glorious success. We hope to see a I have shared this material with a to leaven the lump.

staff too, they, here and number of my truly representative worthy and group to in plan our operation With now are enthusiastic over what you have in of great at the Vanguards Jamboree these hold Scouts years (in four L. D. accomplished. Washington, D. next August. C, An S. it five will years) that Troops mean cordially Sincerely yours, and like this event the comes but once in one every of four citizens will male be AMERICA, life OF SCOUTS BOY a Scout. of a four year Scouttrained Inman. (Signed) E. JAMES also be should anniversary This WEST, culcate lives their into mfrit the badge Executive. Chief Scout the every Vanguard occasion for made the program, choice of vo- a hundred to recommit himself to the great cause JEW:MR cational and avocational subjects, and

of Scouting, to reaffirm the oath and ESM the results are unlimited.

to determination his to renew law and code. live to the according Scout Doing Things for Other theIntechnicalall subsequentinformationarticles willin thisbe seriesof a

Vanball Finals People mostconceptinformativeand insightnatureof thegivingsplendida truein-

T 7ANBALL finals were being planned In studying this intensely intereststruction given to boys in Scout Life.

to be held in Logan January 25 ing program, not only will he gain Scouting is vocational. It does build

and 26 when this issue of the Eta went technical knowledge, but he will form citizens. It does render service to

to press. The March issue will conmany friendships with counselors and mankind. It emphasizes the "Be

tain complete information and the picexaminers, many of whom are already Prepared"and the "Daily Good ture of the Church champions. successful business men in these estabTurn."

"Joy in Boy Friends"early"Singingmorningin thein OregonRain,"whentells theof rainan preciationwe can atthatleastweputwantonothersan outwardto feel,

Dear Junior Girls: came down in a steady gray drizzle. semblance; and who knows but that the

like says, "I did hoverit and not radiate She semblance back outward may it? isn't is alive, to great be AndTT

too, until the take fire us we, within said, a drearily on rain ing 'This by that things makes the of one perhaps feeling beauty. of golf, joy interferes everything, and with with

it is have quite suddenly boys that so the gives back line.'world to one sunsets, clothes, the "The drying on than other to something usbecome

reflection his face."of own arrested a attention was by Then my teases, tomboys. nuisances, and just

in the Early milk. Higgs. brought boy Emily who are their friendship most andBoys

like singing came, the he morning some happiness. tonecessary know We

it telling lark spring. the world was girls is that It sometimes strangethat. Festival Stake A Nebo I interested steps the ran me. down He

all they asget confused may to how see to to out,'him. 'Fine be morning their greatest joy the verygain from Reported Fotsom by Catherine

I ventured, his mind. wondering about

real If boys.association with want we betcher!'he of back 'You out came Juniors Festival Musicale defriendship, in musthappiness we in a raindrops. dropping fox 'Saw

spirit, an comradely sort ofvelop a silver fox! the canon—a forth, bringsattitude not only which "If I kin "PHIS7. outentirein theentertainmentform of wasa "Festivecarried 'iml* ketch 'im, I'll tame

our best qualities, but the finest charAnd she continues, "The little boy Musicale."The invitations were a

acteristics in the boy himself. Happy who sang so blithely under my window sheet of music in a music roll; (inviis the girl who can talk easily on inwas not singing to try to make himself tation words being created to the music

teresting subjects during an evening's forget the rain. He had already forof "Junior Girls.") The programs

entertainment. Boys like girls who gotten the rain. He had found a were in the form of a lyre. Large black

love to dance, and participate in sports silver fox in the canon. Well, to one music symbols in the form of sharps,

and outdoor things. But did you know awake to life, to its symbolism as well flats, notes, lyres, and cleff signs, were

that fellows in general are a little emas its facts, there is always a silver fox effective in decorating the hall. In one

barrassed and a little uneasy when girls in the canon."corner of the room was placed a large

seem to expect that they wander off Most of our joys come from what we music staff, which was done in black in couples and resort to some of the often hear spoken of as the common and silver. The four notes on this

commoner pastimes, which are known things of life but which are really staff were cut out and the faces of a as petting and bundling? So many among the most important things—stake board quartet were seen to take

times little momentary thrills which good health, fresh air to breathe, pure their places. The quartet, from this

are probably indiscreet are confused water to drink and bathe in, a brisk staff, introduced the toasts. Special

with real happiness. A girl can really walk in sunshine or rain, home and words were written to the music of

test herself as to the value of joy in a loved ones, the smile and greetings of "Carry On,"and this was used in maksituation, if for just a moment before a friend, work and books. There are ing all of the introductions. Each

she does a foolish thing she will ask manifold blessings surrounding us. If toast was responded to in song carryherself how she is going to feel about our eyes are open and our hearts are ing out the following idea of music:

it in the morning or when she meets young and our attitude carefully adToasts: Baton (General Board)

the boy on the street the next day. justed we can easily discover them. tune, "Little Dutch Mill."Cleff (Stake

Real joy in boyfriends is gathered and Then, too, our work, no matter what Priest); tune, "Down by the Old Mill

; tune,gleaned by inviting them into our it may be, is half accomplished when Stream."Staff (Stake Board)

Old Spinning Wheel."Melodyhomes, preparing suppers for them, it. "The right have the attitude we toward

(Mothers) of Love."; tune, "Songplanning parties in a crowd. What tells "life is O. Henry us that made up

fun it is to go dancing or skiing toof sobs, sniffles and smiles with sniffles Half Notes (1st year Girls); tune,

gether, and then round up at one's predominating.""Sailing."Whole Notes (2nd year

; tune, "Keep Young and Beauhome afterwards for chili and hot No Junior Girl would appreciate Girls)

chocolate. Companionship which is being classed among the snirflers, altiful."Measures (Ward Officers)

Verses (Retold Wing."tune, "Red cleanbased thing on is the fun happy snifflers though the in be majormay

story leaders); tune, "Honeymoon will greatest bring thewhich joy in ity. are Smiles becoming more much

Hotel."friends.boy to a Junior Girl to other and any

is table closed entertainment The Harriet Page. person than sobs or sniffles and are

is the with song to the tune "Day to associates. more welcome

is are done, Done"—"Toasts song

are Even though able not always we"Joy in Harmonious will see, be, next will stunts you ourselves to feel the radiance apsung, and folks, fun. of pleaseAttitudes"So come now

the stunts After close—everyone."T ATTERDAY SAINTS know that which the were carried song out to

life is worth living and living at its Perseverance theme of the respective tables, the best. We should give careful thought to following song was sung as a closing

our outlook on life because of the fact By GRACE KAYE (by all Juniors): Tune "Goodnight

lives lives thethat our of and own Ladies,"Juniors, "Goodnight We've is Perseverance the only rainbow attiothers are affected we touch by our a fun. night of will had meet We at its end. with gold the pot oftude. recall will Shanyear, how year's Anna You our work when again r nextt*

non Monroe in her opening chapter of is o er.

BeeHive Girls Greet may be awarded each girl for filling

The Scouts Bee Keepers, Attention FoundationGatherers Celland No.Guardians8 for Builders.may adapt

issue filling their the Patriotic Im- "The for above rTJlE May of are Girls to BeeHive happy weA S will celeCells. Era"provement"friends place beside take our our the anniversary brate the 20th of girls select train Previously g. andthe are the Scouts. of proud Boy We that Organization. For BeeHive to the give well Flag Ceremony. them of recognize Scoutingachievements and or like issue, should one more we BeeKeepers p. 175. Handbook, fact thethe that Scouts do when Boy stories Bee\Hive woven around entire the h. the give Have Swarm is it easier also to Activities. Storfor Girls us dogood or BeeHive work

salute pledge to the Flag. and not fiction, exceed should for ies, work. Church programgood Our

i. Sing Taps. the only Naturally words. 400girls parallels to a great extent the

countries, this proadapt In foreign selected. be for so that if best boys, programChurch

flags gram, like and short your songs, should by using some Wewillthese cooperate, organizations can two

Girls talks papers BeeHive or ceremonies. success greater for both.it will mean given such topics have on may

1935 marks the Twentieth year of as, "What BeeHive work hasthe BeeHive Organization. We shall Done for Me,""The Joy of Being From the Field

need the help of the Scouts in making a BeeHive Girl."Also original CISTER ELIZABETH H. WELthis a big year. Let's join hands in cosongs and poems. KER, former BeeKeeper of Bear

pictures like should Bee of activities.operative We is Stake, her husband with Lake who served five Keepers have who

the presiding over GermanAustrian to prior years or 1932, moreBusiness I. writes the to Mission A. office M. in department, the BeeHive and

"PHIS is our Twentieth BeeHive Anhave not received their service as follows:

A niversary. Let us aim to have: pin. Pictures should be cabi- "At the Berlin Conference, Saturday

Better BeeHive work, net size, unmounted, on glossy evening, as I entered the door, a beauMore girls completing the ranks, black and white paper if possible tiful young girl stepped up and preOutstanding Swarm Days,—also a short sketch of their sented me with a large bouquet of

service. her, roses. started to thank someAs I in All girls (at least uniform Band)

etc, to Pictures, Articles, Send started the sing to one "Womanho Better work, summer BeeHive Committee, General 33

I see to long a looked and Call"up to: And City, Building, Salt Bishop's Lake

side, line Girls boys one BeeHive of on the conscious, public BeeHive Make I. not Utah, March later than

Secure cooperation the of parents, The Address Is Important onhall,theallother,the girlsthe entirehad takenlengththeofBeethe officers.stake and ward

Find a suitable BeeHive room for Hive salute and gave the Call, and I every Swarm. have never heard it sung more harmonifield, its stripes, colors, Tell of seen a ously. I think I have never that these acmade? Begin planning now

arrangement, stars, number, etc. Handgreeting. beautiful was There more be realized.complishments may

book, p. 105 Dramatize the story an audience of six hundred people

A Correlated Tuesday "MakingGROUP theII: GiveFirst fifteenFlag."rules for dispresent,who weremanythere ofoutthemof curiosity."investigators,

Evening Program playing the Flag. Each member of

for February accordingthe group tomightthe numbergive onepresent.or several,Dem- O Ship of State

sail too, of State! on, O Ship their onstrate with Girls BeeHive enter a Flag. Handbook, p. T'HOU, a. As the

great! strong "* Sail on, and Union, let 107-8. Explain:department of a out O box, them draw

the parts of the Flag (American or "And there's more to being a patriot Humanity with all its fears, your own Nation) Than making a loud hurrah."With all the hopes of future years,

There should be 13 stripes, (a red at GROUP III: Write ten questions on Is hanging breathless on thy fate!

top and bottom of flag) a blue field, the origin of the "Star Spangled BanWe know what Master laid the keel, and 48 stars. ner."Handbook, p. 109. What workmen wrought thy ribs of

Build, by adjusting the parts, on When the entire Swarm reassembles, steel, the wall, table, bench or chairs. these questions are to be asked of the Who made each mast, and sail and rope,

b. Take the Formations and sing entire Swarm. What anvils rang, what hammers beat,

one or two of the following songs, or d. Reassembling of groups. Each In what a forge and what a heat

any others you prefer: group reports before Swarm on topics. Were shaped the anchors of thy hope!

"I Know Three Little Sisters,"e. Have Group III lead in the game Fear not each sudden sound and shock,

"Columbia the Gem of the Ocean,"of Carry On. 'Tis of the wave and not the rock!

"There are Many Flags in Many One girl gives the first line of the 'Tis but the flapping of the sail,

Lands.""Star Spangled Banner,"and calls the And not a rent made by the gale!

c. Count off by threes and divide name of another to continue. She reIn spite of rock and tempest's roar,

swarm. Ones in one corner, Twos in peats the first line and adds the second In spite of false lights on the shore,

another and Threes in a third. Have one, calling the third girl, who conSail on, nor fear to breast the sea!

the girls select a leader and have her tinues by repeating the two lines given Our hearts, our hopes, are all with thee, come to you. You will have papers and adding the third. This continues Our hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our

to give them on which are the followuntil the last girl gives the entire poem. tears,

ing assignments for them to work out f. The Swarm joins in singing "The Our faith triumphant o'er our fears,

with their groups. Star Spangled Banner."Are all with thee, are all with thee. GROUP I: How should the Flag be If the work is satisfactory, a Seal—Henry Wadswocth Longfellow.

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935

The Hike of spectionman of bytheMr.LincolnJohn Snigg,Trail ChairMedal alreadyoffered expressedfor sale. enthusiasm.Collectors haveTo

Inspiration Contestis awardedand hishe ismedala localat Scout,the nexthe Presidentdate we Roosevelt,have the VicePresidentsignatures of {Continued from page 93) Court of Honor. Medals for out Garner, all the cabinet and Supreme

of town Scouts are mailed to their Court members, Commander Byrd, } < commissioners or masters. Alfred E. Smith, Amelia Earhart,

The front of this medal is enIda Tarbell, the governors of hike, they are started out, indigraved with a Lincoln head, his thirtytwo states and Dan Beard, vidually, at one hour intervals. name and the dates 18091865. beloved of all Scouts, who signed

Visiting troups necessarily must The other side: "Scout A. Benhis covers: "Dan Beard, the

speed up this schedule to thirty or nett walked in Lincoln's step 1 1-6- man who knew A. Lincoln in

even fifteen minute intervals. On 26."The boy's own name and his life."The A. Lincoln is a rubMay 7, '33, in order to get all the date of his own hike are so inber stamp facsimile of an original

110 onto the trail, starting at 4:30 scribed, of course. This happens signature. Many others have been

a. m. we had to let them go every to be the inscription on the first solicited and will put in their apfive minutes! If one boy passes anmedal to be awarded any Scout. pearance soon.

other on the road, they may visit Medals are issued free to local a minute; however, to continue the Scouts, and, until recently, were (\F the 1 200 and more boys who

Scouts. to so presented out of town trip, one the other a head must give started pilgrimage have on this

first found, after the 1,000 But we start minutes. the of several While three complete to have failed only could spent do having $800, we six average the in hike boy makes it. sprained a boy, Chicago One,

all this of longer. out no Now is the never hours, element time later, his bless ankle, his but

visiting troops hikers and town is stressed. for intended walk The little heart, returned plucky, game expense cover to each 75c must pay great the meditation examples upon his second grade the on and made until such engraving and of medal Emancipator. beloved set by the the were other attempt. two The as be time can an endowment when elements victims of which weather

is It project. for the provided my first the his miles, of end 8 AT that loose in abanfury such broke speed to day that personal ambition arrives at the the Scout country trail the only the of was donment

is via a that under scheme now at store Salisbury he where must try will to do! thing Both human 4, which 1933, way. March On is it register pleasure his and where fairer a day. again on inas recognize immediately you to meet ColeMrs. C. motherly A. energetic year, Last one young day, augural postmarked had we all Scouts make man who whom discouraged fellow, was by who air in C. D. Washington many as recognize hike the Angel "The his she because her thought mother are covers. mail having we Now signs the Trail."Gladly, of she little to wasn't enough husky man these foremost autographed by credential sheets then, the unand all a the distance, such hiked walk citizens. will be These American a in assumingly twinkle with and Springfield, to Salem from way otherwise placed auction and on eyes, says, a she her merry "Wait distance called the her then long on

minute, son."She disappears into telephone to ask: "Now, Mother

her immaculate farm house kitchen; dear, may I walk the Boy Scout

an old fashioned pump wheezes, Lincoln Trail?"

and back she comes with a tempting drink of cold, sparkling well water It is always advisable to carry and a huge sandwich! She takes a canteen of water and an extra pair

kindly to the poet's advice; "Let of socks, a little piece of adhesive,

me live by the side of the road and perhaps. Sometimes blisters will

be a friend to Scouts!"Over 1 200 raise their ugly heads on tender feet

boys from ninetytwo cities of eight (not intended for a pun!) and a

states have learned to call her fresh pair of hose helps a lot. Be

blessed! Prepared

Refreshed in body and soul, the There is no danger of strangers

Scout pushes forward another seven to this part of the country becommiles to Bradfordton where he reging lost as the way is well marked.

isters at the general store of S. H. By the frequent registering along

Williams. From there on into the way, which calls for a recording

Springfield is a matter of 4 miles. of the time as well as the name,

Here he registers with a filling staheadquarters can locate any boy on tion attendant at the first interthe trail in just a few minutes, section of boulevards. From thence should the occasion for a connectwo miles up town to headquarters tion arise.

to turn in his credential slip. In Visiting troops are always welorder to qualify for the medal, he come, at any time of the year,

certifies on Scout's honor that he though perhaps the dead of winter walked all the way (Did not sucis not so enticing as the other seacrumb to invitations for a lift from sons, and invited to share local passersby.) and that at all times headquarters while in Lincoln's

the actual walking was unaccomEARLY DECEMBERPhoto bySNOWEva Hogan home town. What better way to

panied. If the credential passes inspend a week end, boys?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY 9 3 5 119

When Winter mentionThere ofare winterthousandssportswhothinkat theof ofingtheitsterrace,humanis freightthe tobogganthe lengthslide alit operates is so popular which City. quaint old Here Quebec

ceaselesslyComes to Canada certainly day and diversion winter is put up most night. On

(Continued from page 95) in its most concentrated and delecthe terrace itself the races of the table form. While in Montreal, snowshoe clubs take place and the

)B* 4. and a host of other Canadian cenfrolics of these old organizations,

the summit from which a magters of which it is typical, the whose founding goes back far in nificent view of the icebound St. visitor merely gets out and shares Canadian history, as they initiate

Lawrence and the villagedotted with Canadians the sports which new members by tossing them in country beyond is to be obtained. feature their daily life Quebec has blankets after ancient traditions.

The less energetic, buried under fur specially catered to the stranger by All day long dogteams take parties robes, wind slowly up the mounconfining within narrow compass by sled over the tain paths in the little horsedrawn facilities for all manner of Heights of Abrasleighs which are the only vehicles winter recreation.; ham and other inpermitted on the mountain. Dufferin Terrace ##ll teresting parts of

in the sum- *rt the onetime gEYOND Montreal lies the famertime, m capital of mous Laurentian Mountains I French Canarea which is a huge sports I ada. The

ground summer and winter more intreIt is the bourne at the pid can bobweek-ends o f sled down from themany heights into the

Montrealers and their guests in bOBSLEDDING IN THE search of LAURENTIAN MOUNTAINS further winter town of the old world city.

sports thrills It is a veritable microcosm of and a more winter pleasure.

expansive and with hapGlancing over a map of Canada less restricted py crowds one is able to touch at a score of area in which to promenading it to the points where there is similar intense disport. The termusic of the military band, activity and people are extracting

ritory consists of while over it looms the mediaeval the utmost pleasure and enjoyment innumerable low castle of the Chateau Frontenac from what might be a very unpleashills which would seem to have and from the St. Lawrence below ant season. Instead make a jump

been almost specially created for cool breezes are wafted, is one of across Ontario, the Prairies, and winter sports. There is no more the gayest places on the continent. into the Rocky Mountains to Banff

thrilling or exciting skiing, or It is no less attractive or lightto glimpse the diversion there breatharresting bobsledding than hearted when carpeted with snow which is similarly put up in highly on the hundreds of slopes accessible and the scene of the most diversiconcentrated form for the benefit from any of the Laurentian centers. fied hibernal frolicing within the of those who have time to merely

The numerous clubs and resorts narrow radius of the Chateau sample the various means of exof the Laurentians have countless Frontenac is possible every manner tracting pleasure from winter and parties of young men and women of winter sport at its best. then go back to other, more clement

at the weekends whose very eviAlmost at its door is the openclimes.

dent keen enjoyment is the most air skating rink. Just beyond that

conclusive proof that winter's terlooms a convenient hill for skiing "DANFF in summer is one of the ror can be banished and his weawith an attendant Norwegian inmost popular places on the pons turned into instruments of structor, and at its crest is the skicontinent. With the departure of

pleasure. jump. Down the side of it, shootsummer's vacationing throngs it

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY 9 3 5

slumbers and merely comes to life take excursionists into the less accesfor a single week in the winter to sible and lovelier recesses of the stage its carnival of sport. The mountains. At night the ice palace

new visitor finds that the magic is lighted up and a torch light prowand of winter has similarly cession wends its way through the wrought a lovely transformation town to it. For the space of the

there. The snowcaps upon the Carnival Banff has only one

mountains which form a setting thought—to extract the utmost in

for the little burg have stretched healthy, outdoor sport from the out to become complete mantles. winter. Then it slumbers until

The treelined streets are avenues summer visitors return.

of glistening, icy beauty. An ice Those inclined to deplore the

palace has been erected in the heart Canadian winter fail to recognize of the village. its many advantages. Just as it is

Banff during carnival week feathe Canadian climate which is reMARY ROBERTS WARN0CK tures winter at its loveliest and sponsible for the production of the most enjoyable. Every possible world's most desirable wheat so the The Cover

in elethemanner which wintry elements are same conducive to ments can be twisted dito development human a of vigrobust and the THEtributedCoverbythisMarymonthRobertswas Warcon-

City. Saltversion of nock, number Lake has been accomplished. A The orous young and manhood womin, turned but were our of others slopesmountain nature's form anhood. those own For would who best. It this get artists liked was one

slide.toboggan Skiers out of the doors glide down Canadian winter partly pasting partly by and made

the lower reaches or through the does not permit inertia, and outdoor by drawing. The heart was a red

woods. The trafficfree streets are activity has taken the form of most piece of paper; the muff, cotton;

real the the lace; edge of the skirt,given over to skijorers, diverting shoot diversified who sports. and real embroidery. paper Wealong behind ponies mountain the or That first frosts and is why especially readers, Mrs. and our the hopeheart,

automobiles. There are openair first light blankets of snow are not Warnock, will like the manner in

skating rinks which feature all dreaded but are taken rather as which the engraver has treated it.

idea last year valentine ran a Wekinds fancy of skating, hockey heralding the opening of a new did liked it, some not—for—somegames, tennis and is even played sportive season. from one Youth did, trying those we are whoon the ice. There are mocassin, end of the country to the other gets other. ansnow-shoe and ski races and skiout its skates, skis, and toboggans, We are not asking for any more

jumping competitions. Dog teams and envies no one. coverfor theideasnextjustfew now,monthsas haveour needsbeen taken care of.—The Editors.

"Will it be enough to mention that I am the daughter of Mr.

and Mrs. W. D. Roberts? Most

of my life has been spent in one ThisADVERTISING hotel or another. Mother was too

busy to supervise my use of leisure time, so I spent most of it coloring IS SENDING YOU the illustrations in the Oz books.

"When I went to the L. D. S.

... HighdrawingSchool,for twoI managedyears withto studyProf. CUSTOMERS

selling fastest are the TDOYAL A. B. Wright, who taught me how DESSERTS I art. didn't very about much know

* desserts turnon the market. are at years of Women four the U. came Then

ing to them by the thousands. They have U. There my instructors were Miss

learned from Royal Desserts advertising how to Mabel Eraser and J. T. Harwood.

tell quality in gelatin and they know Royal is During two of those summers I superior. went up to the Alpine Summer

This advertising comprising School of the B. Y. U.

I the graduation "After U. from

stations, 50 (1) with Mary Radio—over at Otis the a spent Art summer Pickford as star, millions reaching every

Institute, Angeles, in anLos and week.

at the Fine School of summer a circlation of (2) Magazines—with years Francisco. in over otherArts San Two 11,000,000.

later the returned I to UniUtah Comics, Newspaper (3) in 27 leading papers, versity of for year postgraduate a featuring Durante Jimmy in the various phases study of drawforms powerful that a campaign is constantly painting. ing and

sending your customers for Royal. city taught have Art "I

this advertising behind Get and last years. schools three for in Mythe it. in cash on position Junior at Jackson was

High. I would, perhaps, still be

teaching there but something much nicer married. I|0YAL was happened—/

*"SeUinq first chance have You given me my ROYAL GELATIN DESSERT a cover it is a magazine and to do f'\ thrill! is probably "That more than about me."DESSERTSProducts of enough STANDARD BRANDS OF CALIFORNIA—Mary Roberts Warnock.

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935

Changeable Weather Calls for Climatecontrolled gasoline

Pep 88 is preadjusted for the early spring season. It starts

quicker these cold mornings... yet has the power elements that give economical

speed on warm days. It contains tetraethyl lead for highest antiknock performance

... at price of regular gasoline.

Look for this sign...

By MRS. IDA POWELL BROWN Utah Oil Refining Co.

400 Service StationsTHE HANDME-DOWNDOG and Dealers in Utah and Idaho

T GUESS you couldn't really call him my dog.

We didn't have no papers I could sign,

But anyway, I paid Bill a half a dollar

Fer jist the right to say that he was mine.

You see, I've wanted Tim since he was little.

He was so round, an'brown, an'cute, but gee,

The day Bill brought him home he says, "Now listen,

This dog belongs to no one else but me."

And then he taught Tim tricks, and took him trailin'.

They'd climb up to the top of Camel's hill.

They never seemed to want me to be with 'em.

Tim wouldn't go with nobody but Bill.

But now Bill's seventeen he's kinda changing.

He never wants to take Tim chasin'squirrels.

He shaves, and combs his hair without mom makes him.

He don't have time fer anything but girls.

Tim jist can't understand why Bill acts differ'nt. EARN EXPERT'S PAY

The way he howled at first, it worried me. tionAdvancementscome easier into moneythose whoand enterposiover, I sorta competently business take No to PREPARED. had That's him why

earn ability to regarding doubt exists git to like treated used he So he'd salaries. merit graduates Our be. premium

I started bringin'bones home from the butchers, employers'New classesconfidencestart fromeachtheweekstart. in

An'takin'him on hikes fer exercise. both Day and Night School. Prepare

But he kept missin'Bill, he'd whine so funny, NOWfor officefor ahelpgoodlastposition.year wereOurnearlycalls

And look so mournful at me with his eyes. anddoublemorethe thannumberdoublereceivedthe innumber1933

received in 1932, showing the substanWell, Sunday night when Bill's girl threw him over, tions.tial improvementVisit our schoolin businessand see thecondiex- Of course he come a whistlin'back to Tim. cellent class of students attending.

That dog jumped up and sniffed at both our trousers, Therated,schoolnew hasclassbeenroomscompletelyand equipmentredecofloors hardwood and new to a thing with him. added do have wouldn't And the of mostlaid, one making HENAGER'S the I fished money; out there's where the in Right schools upto-date and modern

Of course Tim come to me that time, but still country.AGER BUSINESSCall, write COLLEGE,or 'phone to 45HBN-E.

2753, for catalog and courses, He knew his supper meat was in my pocket. fullBroadway,informationWas. regarding Fer once, I had a better smell than Bill. Tt pays to get the best in commercialetc.

training. Mention "Era"in writing.

22 THE "I MPROVEM ENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935

returned to and England in 1902 INDEPENDENT his BE carefulIn 22 Years to after giving thought

Vocation So Profitable I No Other finally in experiences Africa South

ENROLL NOW CourseL. D. S. Scouting brought together the first organizaFor a Complete

tion of Boy Scouts, ever to beEncircles Globe at the (Continued from page 78) formed in the world, late in 1907. Quish School of Beauty Culture

in the West The Best& 4 Inland1908weretheofficiallyBoy Scoutsorganizedof Engand 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

tween Aaronic Priesthood chairmen in 1910 they were granted a Royal SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH and supervisors and Scout leaders in Charter. The plan was to have the For Further Information

the M. I. A. many of the wards of boys organized as a "nonmilitary and Catalog; Call

the Church have succeeded in regispublic service body."Apparently Wasatch 7560 o*

tering every available boy and the purpose in General Powell's Fill in This young man in the ward in Scoutmind originally was to have the Coupon ing. f i i boys available for service to the

Nation in a nonmilitary way in

The Origin of Scouting times of peace as well as in times

TN 1899 an uprising occurred of war. As the program developed, K3vg3K=3S= among the British Colonies in however, it quickly became a citiSouth Africa. To head the British zenship training and characterForces in subduing the insurrection, building movement designed to fill

the British Government selected the leisure time of its members

LieutenantGeneral Robert S. S. with interesting, constructive andBadenPowell. His headquarters worthwhile activities. rin

were established at Mafeking. "To General Powell belongs the

"During the progress of the camcredit of originating the Boy Scout paign, General Powell observed a movement as we have it today, and rather unique organization of boys. he is very properly called the

Lord Edward Cecil had organized "Father of Scouting."the boys of the neighborhood into "In the meantime, while Genis just

an official messenger service. These eral Powell was in Africa having

boys were trained to carry comhis experiences, Daniel Carter Beard munications and in other ways organized the "Sons of Danielserve their country in nonmilitary Boon"in America for the purpose around duties. General Powell was imof interesting boys in nature study

pressed with the effectiveness of this and outdoor activities. In 1902unusual boyorganization. During Earnest Thompson Seton, organ- {he

the same campaign he observed anized the "Woodcraft Indians,"other situation which had a direct with similar purposes in view.

bearing later on in the organization These were later merged with theof Scouting in Great Britain. He Boy Scouts of America. Other cornerobserved that while the soldiers Boymovements were developed inwere in action, at drill, at mess and dependently at different times, but

otherwise definitely engaged at a the Boy Scouts of England were and remember that we given task they presented no probthe first to crystallize the idea, now lems in discipline or control. When known as Scouting. Since the first are equipped to handle

organization,they were off with Scouting duty however, has spread your printing and their leisure carriedunoccupied time on on in and is now being a serioushands, they became probpractically every civilized country binding needs ecoofficers. Generallem to the in the world."Powell

nomically and well.

s*s

SJh?

IMUSIC PRINTERS PRINTERS—BINDERS

RULERS

29 Richards Street SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

100% SCOUTVANGUARD TROOP, HYDE PARK WARD, CACHE VALLEY, UTAH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935 23 first time I have had anything speboys in my three classes in ModelCapitalizing On the cial to do during a summer vacaAirplane Construction. They

were all fine boys, were and they said one. tion,""I have had suchUrge to Do in their interested intensely airall model fun learning to make

fact, so, in that I so idle work; much I never that planes want to beSomething conduct. their about no worry had summer."another during An- (Continued from page 91)

> -4 otherjust as ladhappyreported:as I am about"Motherthe sixis the"Partshop, ofparttheontimethe wascampusspenttestin

going about their business. There weeks I have spent in the Deseret ing and flying the models. The

was no need for discipline; every Gym class in model airplane buildboys enjoyed visiting the shops and

lad was so intent on his own probing. She says she hasn't had to hangars at the city airport and flylem, on what he was making, that worry about where I was. The ing in the passenger planes. My

he forgot to be noisy or troublelast day when our instructor took purpose was twofold: Having

some. I visited the carpentry shop the class to the airport, Mother them really enjoy their six weeks

under Mr. Kienke, and there were went along, and we both had our of shop work and to learn someboys scurrying about in orderly first flight in a real plane. We shall thing useful—the handling of tools

procedure or waiting their turn at never forget it."and something of the real techthe electric saw or plane or lathe. Once Sonny gets interested, Dad nique of airplane construction as

real principles of flight. as in this inwell as the a hand, may take went into another we Then

s): j(t 5)t sfc that learned I haveroom, airplanes "Now where model were stance:

being built. This class, composed to make model airplanes, my Dad T JPON completion of the airplane

mostly of 14 and 15 year old boys, has fixed up a little shop at home course, Robert went to Fish was a feature of the course. Robert and I am going to keep on until I Lake for a vacation. He had built

T. Snow, a lad of 14 when the can build a real plane. Dad visited a Gordon light hydroplane, powcourse started and whose fifteenth our class many times and is as ered by a strong rubber band, for

birthday occurred just the other much interested in my work as I the event. Upon his arrival there,

day, was instructor. His older am."A real Dad, George R. he found Wallace Beery, motion

brother and another young man Smith, tells his version of the picture star and aviation enthusiast, were his assistants. course: "My son had the time of very interested in the small craft.

life his in the School Summer Gym every part Here were spread out to go invited Robert Beery Mr.

class. is fitting He up now a shop airplane. aof model the in From out a motorboat on with him of his getting and a own of group threads,tiny the the glue (exactly lake, for several hours the where

same big airplanes use), ordinary boys around him who did not atthe two of them sailed the hydropins, tools, and the light strips and tend the class, and he is going to plane. The model starts on the

planks of balsa wood, to the skeleteach them to make model airsurface of the water, rises into the is certainly enthusiastic Hetons completed and were planes. flies distance, a for considerable ships—all it."about And, we might there. models were being New as the then rubber add, air,and bandmotor

father! so is histried out, of increasmethods new the surdips runs toward down,

ing the time of a model's flight, of face of the water. As soon as thedecreasing air resistance, were tried. QNE of the younger boys in the pontoons strike the lake the plane

It was a laboratory to delight any class says "This was my first levels off, taxis a short distance and airminded boy's heart. experience in handling tools. I then stops.

a of shop want now own, and my a Robert, of son Mrs. and Mr. hope, day, to get some a job workspecial a feature, last the three AS C. of LeRoi 2672 Alden Snow, real a ing in airplane shop."This the course of days desigwere Street, Salt City, Utah, and Lake is really encouraging, whennated "Parents'days,"parents and we a president the grandson of former realize that our citizens future willof the students shop invited were of the President Church, Lorenzo air need mechanics balloon and seeto the display arof completed his to plans continue plane Snow,

service stations.ticles in this Carrying the gymnasium. activities, test flight building and

further, thought another parent In addition to this exhibit, youngest son of President Snow, were glad to have "Wehighly parents of the says: praised by our has in the aviation been working son the go to Summer School Gymboys this profitwho had enjoyed

to keep out of mischief. himable "vacation"someby making Now fielddeavoringsince to1906.fit himselfRobert,for ina simen-

thing useful, the boys who had that he has had such a good time ilar career, has already built nearly spent their time building planes had and learned so much about the 100 model planes, testing each one.

a real treat. On the Saturday foltechnique of airplane construction Recently he set a new intermounlowing the exhibition they visited and flight, we believe he may have tain record for stick models with a

the Salt Lake Airport, where they found his vocation for life."flight of more than three minutes,

inspected the real planes of comWhat one community has done, and follow in the footsteps of his merce and at reduced fares, those or a group in one community has uncle, Captain Lorenzo L. Snow,

who so desired, were taken up in pioneered, others can accomplish. a pioneer in aviation, who now is

the planes to feel and see how they As the youngest of the instructors conducting technical experiments in worked. in the school, I asked Robert for connection with the installation of

Students who took the course his report. Here it is: the new Wasp motors in Boeing

were enthusiastic about it, especial- "I surely enjoyed work with the planes at the Pratt and Whitney ly those who participated in the boys in the Deseret Gym Summer Aircraft company plant, at Hartairplane building. "This is the School. There were nearly 50 ford, Conn. Captain Snow,

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935

a listened—not

breathing. GoRomance of not"Yousufferdareyou not!to harmNanaahame."will sounddarkness.but hisHeown

cautiously ing the spot toward the knows Mighty One "WhatTwo Cities the others he where had camped the part in,"he has came no (Continued from page 89) not ja*. *gf answer in such tones of assurance peered about. Nothing there but

that David longed to throw himself the shadowy forms of the forest.

above the group, he could see. A upon the offender. The girl put He stepped up to the spot cursing

groan brought his eyes back to the her hands to her head as if to ease himself soundly for his sleepiness.

group. The figures rose to a sitting the throbbing there. Presently she Now where should he go? He had

posture, threw off the dark mantle spoke again. no idea where Shemlon lay. A

covering heart gave David's it and of eye. his caught white He does the gleam Nabor, what "Anda rose great bound. She Maid! It stooped to pick slipped it up. A Crafty, plan to do with the Daughunsteadily, but pulled rudely was sinuously fingers. his through A ter of Jared?"

leader ofback the by the two. the again heard ribbon—he

cry sharp of "Nabor"pulled A few moments of throbbing silkenquality of her voice a little A and

David taut. An ugly, taunting silence, then with a chuckle the Lathrill set him atingle. He wished

laugh followed, then clearly and manite answered: he had seen her face; that it was

distinctly came the words in the "Yesterday, the arrogance of beautiful, he knew. Had not the

Nephite tongue: Nanaaha ground Nabor's pride in Lamanite said, without blemish or

"Call on your great God, Jethe dust and made him a laugh and stain?

hovah, for he alone can save the a jest among his fellows. NanaSlipping the ribbon in his tunic

daughter of Jared."aha, too, is proud and he shall suffer he swung off in the general direcThe girl gave a half cry of fear as Nabor suffered. Soon comes the tion they had traveled the night

that was hushed almost before it Spring Festival and in the City of before, his speed diminished by the began, and in a determined voice Shemlon the occasion is propitious. caution he deemed necessary lest he

answered: For two seasons the harvests have come upon them unawares. As he

been poor; an unusual sacrifice is progressed, the country became

desired. What could please the rough and hilly and he prayed ferGod of the Harvest more than a vently that he might be going in

or stain? without blemish maid the right direction. After what NEW HEADQUARTERS can bring to the such a one FOR He who seemed interminable the hours LATTERDAY SAINT

GARMENTS sacrificial altar may demand a ranvegetation grew sparser and as he TO FACTORY FROM TOU rom from the King's coffers. None neared the forest's edge, he could Solicit Orders Your Mail We

the shall Priests No. 88. Lt. see the but Wt. maid and Men's Lasee east in the the first streamers of dies'Style New sacrifice, until the not hour of and 89. No. Med. dawn. Men's Wt. La-?.65 brain His and began If to whirl.

1.10 Style it is New until too late will Nanaaha city a near were lost he his had 80. No. dies'Heavy Men's Wt. Double

his incomparable maiden is know Back quarry for they at least sevwere 81. No. Style.-. 1.35 Old Heavy Wt. gone forever."eral hours ahead 1.50 of him; Double Back though

Styles 85 he reflected they couldn't travel 85. No. Special Very fast NonRun the with maid. a spurt With sat with maid iHE—Guaranteed of speed gained he forest's the edge. Spec. To reply. Ray. Run making no—NotGarments

84. No. Med. Lt. Men's Wt. heavily, Panting braced he himself and 1.10 bowedDavid wonderedhead, Nanaaha who Ladies'Style, DouNew

ble against Yarn, Extra Combed a tree and looked out over was; he judge a Lamanite would Fine the country. Specify ordering, from the name, but he to when was your bust,85 what

length, trunk and whether new or this Daughter of Jared? While he old style, ladies'. and or if men's

Pay We Postage Anywhere in the was still puzzling over it, the LaBEFORE him lay a States. United

MOSE LEWIS manitesbetween rosethem,andhurriedwith relentlesslythe maid walledoutlinedcity,in somberlythe dim light.and heavilyThe

14 ST. MAIN cleared along. also. started space David between the forest Forand CITY, SALT LAKESO.

Please seeing mention tin'sUTAHAdd in gotten for City his quest was protection was and Amnion's against tills Magazine fate as he attack, followed, sudden to managing he knew. he As

keep within hearing distance of the watched the first rays of the mornothers. Not until daybreak did ing sun struck the walls and he saw

distinctly halt, they the then three Zena figures dropped from he Can YOD OWN sought exhaustion. at the waiting ofgate. She took the food Irrigated Fine Farm A

it fered before her but sleeper,""Curses eaten a cried was on he in the Valley, famous San Joaquin fell asleep. ate, vehemently, sat Lamanites and heavily. The down California purchase twenty by on a

year amortization plan at 6% inDavid could see them clearly now; Not for a moment did he consider

terest from the Union Central Life then they too slept in turns. David giving up. There must be some

Insurance of Cincinnati, Company principal crops are having no food, turned his way of getting through the gates. Ohio. The

grapes, peaches, cotton, corn, barthoughts resolutely from it and As he watched, they swung open ley and alfalfa. The climate is tried to drive sleep from his eyes, and disgorged a horde of laborers,

marvelous. Inthe the fields turned the to into but morning was warm. who

details write For me at activity he bafdrowsy, south the and Gradually made and east. him Fresno, California 262, Box

Offices, dared not move about, for fear of fled, bewildered look on his face 1004 Pacific South West Building detection. When the noon sun gave way to an impish smile. For-

O. V. HARRIS, Salesman grew hot, he too began to nod. He getting his aching limbs, he scouted

awoke with a chill and stared into back and forth until he found a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935 25 bush to his liking. He then hemla but feared to use them. If He located every Temple—that

sought two smooth stones and used he were to be of help to the maid, was easy though there were many, them to crush the sap from the he must remain what he looked, a for they were high and clustered in leaves. Lamanite beggar. A beggar? That courts. He wondered feverishly

Some hours later a brownskin- was it. They were so common as which contained the sacrifice for the

ned, tattered mendicant, leaning to attract no undue attention. SitHarvest God. Food was still a

heavily on a stout stick hobbled ting suddenly upon the pavement problem. He dared not trust himthrough the City gates; but once he held out his hand in mute apself to speak or use his coins and

inside David wandered uncertainly. peal. would beg only when his healthy

He was weak from hunger. Gold Days passed. He hobbled over appetite must be appeased.

and silver pieces he had from Zarathe City's area a good many times. (To be Continued)

NerDo-Well inyellowthe lightmarsheswas flashing.a tiny pointIt wouldof ofSpraysteel fromagainstthethe sidewindwardof his face.oar

(Continued from page 81) shine for a few seconds, then go soaked the upper part of his body

j*"""4 out, then reappear. and then froze. His overcoat was

Craig's fingers tightened on the soon stiff.

tling past the corners of the shack, edge of the windowsill. Somescooping up great handfuls of sand body was out there in the marsh! iiE had rowed perhaps

and hurling it against the weatherSomebody with a flashlight. a hundred yards when the prow of

worn boards. He could hear the Now the light was no longer the dory encountered salt ice. It

harshbeach—aboomingmonotonousof surf onchorusthe outerof burning.window, watching.Craig remained"Somebodyat the wasof thelikelongmushoars,beneathbut forcingthe bladesthe

mingled crashes. He had known perhaps out after ducks,"he said boat through it was no easy matever sincethat sound he could reto himself. "Lost labored, all his putting ter. He maybe—or part it seemed an intimatemember; hard he's having maybe far work strength Far, into the strokes.

of his life, and he loved it. For pushing his boat through that salt at his right he could see the clusthose who dwell in great cities, the ice. tered lights of the village; they

roar of traffic; for Craig McCord, Ten minutes passed with no were faint, almost hidden by the

the boom and hiss of crashing surf. further sign of the light. "Prob'ly driving flakes. But where was that

Great cities! He had no desire he's far to the south now, with other light? As he rowed he cast

for the comparatively easy life they this wind behind him!"Craig said frequent glances over his shoulder.

afforded. No, he was content to half aloud. Several times he shouted, but it was

his coast: to setremain lobon the later a few minutes he But saw as his caught if the wind words and

ster pots, the to frequent fishing light the again, in the and it was into whirled swift them away banks, to do such odd jobs as he same place. It flashed on and off, silence.

short, to earn an hontimes then and went out. stroke. its It was eachcouldmonths—inpick up during the winter on and off perhaps half a dozen He bent his back, grunting with boat plowed The

asked. all heest living. That was as if the person be signaling. might the through soft ice; then way

But how was he to manage withCraig buttoned the top of his there was open water for a few out a boat? sweater, crossed to the bench and yards, then soft ice again. At last

jammed his cap on his head. Somehe had another glimpse of the

Having finished his body was stuck out there in a duck light: it was a considerable distance

meal, he rose and thrust a few extra boat and needed help! ahead and on his left. That meant

pieces of wood into the glowing Craig got into his overcoat. the wind and tide had carried him

stove. It was snowing now. He From a couple of hooks on the farther southward than he had

could see dark flakes racing horiwall he lifted down the long oars supposed.

zontally past the window. While to the dory; they were his own Swinging the dory sharply

he was watching them he suddenly oars, having belonged to his father. about, he summoned all his reserve

uttered a little exclamation of surHe strode to the door. There he strength. He was rowing northprise. Was that a light he had hesitated. Outside the night was ward now, against the tide, almost

seen out there across the marshes black and bitter, with a northinto the teeth of the wind. It was

* * * * * * Alight? easter No, there the little to force harder the boat through blowing—andcouldn't possibly light a out be shack was so comfortable! He the masses of ice, as he labored and

there! * * * And yet. * * * glanced at the glowing stove. Then he had the hopeless feeling that he

He stood with face close to the with an abrupt movement he was making no progress whatsowindow. The gray flakes drove thrust the door open and strode ever.

southward. lay a outside. Beyond jarred as the shack them The long, The minutes passed—blackness, vast extent of nothing the door wind caught and banged heartbreaking minutes during

else. The window rattled in the it behind him. which he had a mind for only one

blast. Loose sand tinkled against He hurried down to the cove. It thing: to get well to windward of

the weatherworn boards. was the work of only a few seconds the man out there in the darkness,

"I must have been dreaming,"to launch the dory. The tide was then to let wind and tide carry the

Craig muttered. He was about to still coming in, and the water was dory down upon the hummock

turn away from the window when high. Leaping into the boat, he where the fellow apparently was

it there he saw the to no set oars and was began row. The a prisoner.

of doubt again—yes,it this time! flakes there like driven points Out were windAt last, almost numb with cold,

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935

Craig turned the prow of the dory and tide. Surely the man must be managed to get Mr. Burgeon into'

and began to quarter toward the south of him now! Craig shouted the dory he never was quite able

northwest. What had become of once more. As before, the wind to explain. Nor was it easy to exthe light? He had not seen it since seemed to sweep his words away plain how he succeeded in fighting

the moment when he had begun into swift silence; but a few sechis way through the ice back to the

to match his strength against wind onds later he spied the light again. mainland. The thing he rememIt was south of him, over his right bered most vividly during the trip

impulses in jerky up the along moving automobile and an moving MAKE shoulder, very close! And it was back was the twin headlights of MONEY

side to side. from the marshes. The sAiliovne! that led through road down and

steady week, home, each at income it heard him! of that the sight had Probably man wasEARN workingoil. coloring photos miniatures famous Learn and

this weeks. in few Method"done"Koehne by inWork car enabled him which oncoming again: shouted Craig "Hold big art experience talent demand.method nor No

for thisneeded. independent Send become way. inMany the collapsing upon to keep from out!"light! let it go your Don'tfree booklet, at Home.""Make Money

Inc. NATIONAL SCHOOL, ART Luther Burgeon body of in huddled to light continued move The Chicago, III.8601 Michigan Avenue, Dept. 418-C

at his feet. Craig Afterwards impulses. jerky wind now And

and tide were sweeping the dory learned that there were other cars swiftly southward. Craig had no on the road—cars with men from

need to row. He devoted all his the village searching for Burgeon,

strength to guiding the craft. The who was known to have gone duck

returned; but and had not larger, brighter. shooting vJeHasIts light was growing that first only Craig remembered Rewards dark loomsomething Suddenly one. **Y are Ifyou interestedhis at small ed ahead and develop ability the to speak—to left—a last perat the dory Beaching effectively in public everyday in or southor island, amid hummock,

twice conversation—to forge ahead the a mile a quarter of haps below

fast ice. as doing, inare read you For an gray now wardmoving paintto forward, he shack, stumbled With Work Wonders Words asHow a in were Craig's thoughts stant free. sent now it er in winding hand. was He This booklet/recently pubnew m far to too panic. dory was The lished, points the thouroad that the rock, a clumsily round when

! sands followed increase to have were tide right the wind and The

face, quickly their earning his flashed in and power headlights bright the craft past the humsweeping popularity. roar the heard dazzling also explains him. It can, a you He by how*>$.* mock. beeasy method, new, study home silent. it fright speaker an the was stage motor. of conquer and Thentimiditycome fear. this outstandingand will to read prove booklet be To all his weight upon threw He evening wellspent. shouting,an voices and were Then Simply frea this address valuable send and and name again oar. and starboard Again thebooklet will once. obligation. at sent be figures toward coming were No dark

at pulled The he INSTITUTE AMERICAN NORTH it—desperately! him.

Chicago, Illinois Michigan ice, Ave., Dept. 4182,3601 of a mass cut through boat

it's you!""Craig! By my soul, the then reached open water—and Nickerforward, Mr. running And the it against broadside drove wind

point of the hummock. He had son caught the boy about the waist

*!>.$'won!Stiff from cold, his breathing as he"Yes,wasandon here'sthe pointBurgeon!"of tottering.came

& andlabored,scrambledCraig toseizedthe frozenthe painterearth. Lendanothera hand!"voice. "Here in the dory!

There in front of him stood a man. And that was the last thing

Craig had a glimpse of icecoated Craig remembered.

Never have gasoline clothing, of booted feet moving up and in a mass of mud down claims been so quickand 1 T was late the followelectric torch swaying water, of an from afternoon he awoke when ly proved and underfrom side to side in the man's two ing last to a sleep that had seemed scored by hundreds of hands.

thousands of drivers Craig shouted as he strode forages!Luther HeBurgeon'swas in awifewidewasbed,standand

to appeared not ward. man The intent finding only at on smiled beside ing up him. He

to wave continued heard: he have I?"her, bewildered. "Where a am better gasoline at the It only the torch. when was said. he a "regular"price. At that he about went him arms boy's

Red Triangle Stations, seemed to realize that he was not She seated herself close to the he presently was listening and only bed, tried to speak, but alone. He

voice. She resoft musical to her issued faint sounds of a jumble

from his lips. Then he slumped to assured him, told him he had no

the ground. need to worry. He had frozen

his fingers, feet of and several both torch; seized it had the Craig her promised doctor had but the fingers, but the man's from dropped

was still burning. The boy flashed that

it in the white upturned face and "And Mr. Burgeon?"Craig inthen uttered a gasp of astonishterrupted her.

ment. The man was Luther BurImpulsively the woman bent

geon. forward and kissed him on the

cheek. "You have saved my hus-

H.,OW Craig, halfband's life!"she murmured. 'Yes,

frozen and almost exhausted, his life! He has suffered more than

.!.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935 127

you, but he too will come around—the doctor is sure of it!"

listening to then Craig was And P"""BH| President Woodruff explanations. Luther Burfurther

geon's little duck boat had upset, CARRIED ONand he had waded waistdeep to the hummock, where he had stood ChurchComing duringto the Firstone ofPresidencyits most tryingof the in the driving wind and cold for periods, President Wilford Woodruff, a matter of three or four hours. third president, possessed of an unFortunately his electric torch had swerving faith, succeeded nobly in the

escaped the water, and he had faceindomitableof greatfaithdifficulties.will win forTheyou.same

flashed off, on and it on and off.... "-,:'#:r

to university stands ready The Church senseless, almost anduntil, numb assist Returnin building your career.

doing. he was hardly whathe knew Missionaries, whose Teachers ing

early, Ki schools close and others eyes. his he closed Again Craig for registerslept—thankfully may The Spring Quarter—March 25

or so followand get in two full quarters of work AWEEK Session. of the by the end Summer terrible in the night thating

Catalogue Send Formarshes Burgeon Luther made the President HI.,, rWilford.,,, WoodruffBr,

boy a proposition. "I can't ever

for Craig, you, yourepay what UNIVERSITY did BRIGHAM YOUNG

Service "5J) Years Of The Church"To said, I can "but hefor me,"show Provo, Utahmy gratitude! I've decided I need

help with those summer cottages of mine, somebody who'll look after

I can depend on!"he Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel—somebodyrepairs and one thing and another

added. 'Twould be a fivemonths'job each year, and it'll pay

you considerable more than whatyou'd earn at fishing. But that HO TEL

doesn't mean, my boy, you'd have to give up fishing altogetheryou'd have some time for that too. TEMPLE

And of course you'll still have thedory—."SQUARE

'You mean you'll."give me more 200 Rooms each withtime to pay for it—Tile Bath

"No, that's not what I mean at all!"Luther Burgeon suddenly Rates

laughed and then put a hand af- $1.50 to $4.00

fectionately on Craig's shoulder. Radio Connections for

goes is, the dory I mean"What It's yours, the job.along with my Every Room

boy! And more than that, if you Opposite Great Mormon Temple

ever get tired o'living alone out ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager

there on the beach, I want you to come and live with me! What do

you say?"Craig moistened his lips. He

was unable to say anything, for a great lump had come into histhroat. INSURE

"You see, Craig,"Mr. Burgeon Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

added, "I've got a lot o'faith in you, arid I mean to help you all Ican. You've had a hard time of INSUREit—Your animals while in transit to market.

Craig nodded and smiled, but he Let us quote you rates.was still unable to speak. "A lot

o* faith in you."The lump in his

throat seemed suddenly to have inHEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY

creasedhappy—happier,to twice itsatsize,thatbutmoment,he was 20 Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

than he had ever been in his life!

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1935

on to yesterday's conventions and superstitions and prejudices, clinging on to superficial ideals. There are heads of families the past ideas of parbringing fromDear Bachelor Girl: feeling control power, ental and

By KATIE C. JENSEN children never grow up. What of thatthe

loved wanted and twentyone boy, who better than isn't that now, denied the family him. to marry, but Now,REALLY

little a Interesting and maid"? himself, "old is bachelor, within a drawing he LIKE A WHO: MEN WOMAN in printed letter loves, is bitterly while youth your looking pathetic on is Is sport; gracious; good a pal—a

girl aura/] is and page whose mates, and Era, "YourNovember is is restful; at plays; laughs happy;—the and maid""old all efficient that so that young her people made away throw now,Come ease in place group. or any and date of in her. out of stood awe is very much men Itidea. see take joke; a him makes and Can it with Put generation. past a tobelongs is cheerful well of himself; think charming. can moral Surely be and one discard limit"and year "twentyfivethe self, optimistic; popular. for genuine not and One be weeps and can One and passe decidedly being asthe two is delightothers; a a conversationand be church can good member good your have to need don'tworthless. You girl the a attractive. listener. fully keep Mayn't good butalist—a outentirely new an to lifted, or buyface the friends at her and of wisdom word all poise cleanlielse, posture, and Has good somebody werefit, you wish or religion, Regardless of comtime? same vitality, ness, daintiness, freshness, mentally. yourself is spank to needyou social and environment and munity home corner is a sit femininity individuality; in and gay to go yours self of thatTell

is sexlife, of there code unwritten an to make sparkling; chance a puts and makeup real on you the giveand inherent called somethe charm, appeal your Let friends. selfrespect; cleverly; its has her minds withitself popular girls that should in thing women, and divinity of a spark business. well have Speaks her free. of be ownsoul You all loveliness, winsomeof powers motivate happiness. build is to sex; other admired which by men; own uponwithin you ness, and harmony.

it, lady? dear believes to in happened not a and has home warmWhat

This is the time of year for inventory. just a lovely house; is sweet, clean, You wonder perhaps why some of our

socalled these missionaries returned marry attractive honest at her can home; questions. Be make a yourself few

change a they Because want gogetters. decisions; treats as a a rate? own man you do

inherent things. serious heavy, The from are made doesn't forgotten man; over weep—HowAsk1 look? "Women you do How developed to people be charm may power anniversaries. delight."eyes the give to

urge appreciation of through because date bath a break to troubles Keeps you beauty—an a herself-—sunny Do

interest others in an harmony, toward out? fagged are risk nose shiny a will side out; you

self, cheerfulness. and Oh, than more frowsy? sick or soiled you rather display powder than a b—Are beau, girls a a smile have with won many clothes and how know rich, you public; has in a puff mellow c—Do to gives the combination that smile the them? wear to dresses soul; reveals voice a which

of forget the story lock. heart the Don't your Are posture? is your of a proud smartly makes and man d—How feet I said, girl "Yes, the walk know my who you back? shoulders Do set of but her; one has manners—a is nice smile one so are no my smoothly? large—but exquisite uses one; good perfume—feet."philosophy will notice peointo Good my your way smile you scent. oldfashioned not e—Do this. sixtythree It takes hearts? ples'like qualities can the of men Most thironly and frown, to muscles is It never busy. lady, get developed. on come So be overwork you smile. to teen Do loved, to late to be love marry and too

feel? life. recent you in middle do loves have come heels; underslip A showan Runover2—Howtime? MEN DISLIKE: and find happiness. Some of the sweetest inside? alive or a dead twenty magazine man you quoted—"At voice; a ing; rasping a loud dumb- a—Are prejust real, his you or thirty do eyes, at his with loves you with bell; soiled strap; runs shoulder a b—Are

heart."his at senses, forty with tend? We gold invader; in a pocket a hose;

and pretty. all love beautiful, even aren't or born you whines, voice nags, digger; a which c—Do life—people

is difficult cleanachieve. to things? But Smartness neglected skin; scolds; too many

fall in "People act? dressing, neat liness, any grooming, you do good hair; perspiration bulges; unclean3-—How just personality It lot a achieve. a doesn't take with can rhythm woman joykiller; as spots; opens a one who sweet feet to their all crisp clean tap to of the begin they of money. Think insists people's mail; one other who

a in wood. things brook know. you A her shoulstooped way; upon own Is your talk? small tissue glass. of billows a your in Ice The music."a—How's ders; ungraceful a poor walk; an

I Lettuce. anchored? box. in a hat tongue paper new

self; pities dancer; one one who you Are sport? a good one compliment the think charming you most b—Are health; enjoys sarcasm; poor who to she a say gracious? be would could pay woman them. one "paws"who peowith laugh (letus) play lettuce and look. that you had c—Do dislike in the of things Most men like you ple? that not do Remember men

be avoided. can women tantrum sobsister, a or a do. reasons the for same you They women d—Are of the complex you needs. different Have your mind howler? have up Make

selfpity? SOME REASONS WHY that you can do things and you'll do them.

GIRLS NEVER MARRY: others more interested in least is at for you man There you—why e—Are not out marry yourself? can find 1—Would marry only of don't you

affair love Church; broken natindividual? you so after Are a happiness, time. 2—had you one at him—youoneGo f—Arethan in early life interest destroyed which it share. get in ural? the world, of your much

faith 3 sacrificed and in men; lovely, or nagging? voice into your a new community if you must, self Move g—Is mistaken out of loyalty for both to parents; appeal, it. sex it have Does but find

4 5 ideal never found sexes? man;

article, I, this to writer the belong of "click"? you career, so college other a wanted and words—do h—In refer the to folk of married group you 6 to take refused long; too waited quesquestions and with so on And I letter. places in change wouldn't your around; to life played is world a big Personality tions, for seriously—just glad a with I am am woman—anyone—I 7 salary could give and not up explore. I that have lived—loved—married—had 8 responsifear of freedom; had If babies. years the the and and if teach home would you are wondering You bility; 10-—asked; was 9—never I to together calendar get be were would girl standards little by the your own health. poor 1 generation, classed the past but with a recent reared? In been havewhich you

its can't, this generation I mustn't, with interthis quotation Digest wasReaders'TO CHARM: useless conventions courage, freedom from standards esting. "If your make criticism, jealousy, conceit, you ENEMIESEnvy, its spirit traditions, of adventure and and is something there wrong thenunhappy carelessness, sacasm, supersensitive- I its so in power, has go happiness on me religion If robbed one's haswith them."ness, selfpity, snobbishness, gossip, to Girl dear Bachelor husband, with you expression, intelligent freedom andone of ignorance, indifference and unkindbabies,... happiness. lady, hurry religion home, So that of interpretation the then

ness. that is if error. are a find love, in to and be companion, homes There yourmay

are in religious and social ruts—holding happiness, go after it, with banners flying

AMV jOtgLJXNVIL.CKv5\Al

WHAT VARIOUS PEOPLE THINK OF THE YOUNG truth when you said few. Girls who live these ideals are few.

LADY'S PROBLEM (Boys are too.) That's one of the reasons why those who

their to ideals do are hold so priceless. is reason main The issue the of November Improvement Era""The pubweIN

that eligible are they to 1 the become sons daughters of and God,* letter lished in lady she a a young which from had some the fathers and and of if children, mothers this His in not rather things say present to courtuncomplimentary about day life, life in the to come. inship obtaining of marriage. mates and broke methods We

is the Motherhood sacred all gifts most of Godly and God's letter rule in in the as the publishing asa lady much young to children. His If a loses selfrespect her her and womandid not sign her arraignment, so name. Her however, was

virtue becomes a and mother does teach and her not daughter itserious that to present thought her views. might good do we or S. the ideals son L. D. for marriage, to flaunt but rather replies readers. have of a had our from number We Some their sex and become for toys the loses she immoral men, theseof are publishing here in order that she we know may the blessings that Godgiven could hers, been have and others think statement. her aboutwhat

a curse. motherhood becomes

Dear Editors: Make yourself popular by L. D. S. ideals and personality,

HOPE a missionary's answer to the open discussion on instead of by means of sex appeal. J. H. B.

* marriage of the November issue will be accepted.

I agree expect Miss with boys are many who X that there a Dear["READEditors:with interest the article in the November Era on girl to girls sport."be also are 1 think the But still a "good

to blame. * Your Page and Ours under the question, "What About it,

There are just as many boys who expect their girl to have Boys, and Girls, Too?"

and live the ideals referred to in a recent address by Elder Since it is such a true echo of my own life and experience,

David O. McKay. I thought perhaps the author might be interested in my own

If a boy expects a girl to be a good sport and have a good experience. I am sorry to say that I allowed the hurt to turn

time and won't go with her if she doesn't, is he worth having to bitterness and to ease the resulting suffering I turned to work as a companion for time and eternity? Is he one with whom to keep my mind busy to such an extent that I have sadly

we can work out this glorious covenant which we made with overtaxed a frail body. I would not advise anyone to allow

God? The marriage laws of the Church of Jesus Christ of either to sap her vitality for I have come to feel that it is

Latterday Saints are higher than the "Until death doth you rather foolish.

part,"marriage laws. To be a success to the fullest extent in As I am now past life's summertime, I can sum up my

this life, we must keep the commandments of God, and go experiences and state results as follows: When the last ray of

through the temple and be married by one who can seal on hope for finding a companion seemed about gone, I decided desperation to set aside ideals a try the bit and methods my if in so it willearth accepted forever. be Therefore, by God

girls I had seen other life. all use I enjoy being Did my these to covenants make should askwe expect with God we

His guidance. If we ask with sincere faith and are worthy petted and kissed? No! Instead of being thrilled, I only

excuse the common slang expression, being that blessingof wife. us future to our or husband He will lead

. it! I hated is real of understanding the the of Lack in life purpose feltbadly—well—that I was,

cause for so many mistakes committed by young boys and girls. Like the rose described in "Heart of the Rose,"I now

carry a few petals, dark brown it all but out of this comes to received Miss the have training same X seems firm conviction: ideals These high are worthless not but as I have. repeated has time mother time and My atagain-—home

very sacred and precious. Getting the petals brown seemed girl every as sister "Treat you to be treated."your want would

I have six sisters. to draw out much of the bitterness and clear my vision. If

I find do not a man appreciate these who can high ideals, and advice to every My girl is—keep those high ideals, and the it I think is too I shall late now, tread the to eternity pathway will to you.boys come

What boy, who is worth marrying as a companion for time alone where, though only work for others awaits those who and eternity, is not looking for a girl who has lived a good go single, yet unhandicapped by ill health, I hope to find pleasure in bringing to joy others than I would in vain girl life? a received training has at good and more-'who home A

regrets over broken life laws of decency. and lifelived a clean always has will always good be and wanted.

If a little girl I had I sure, own, I not of my think am but in early twenties, ideals. the with I am same high my

advise would a moderate course least at leave not her and I the help Creator, of will not I find I untilWith marry my to stumble blindly or carelessly pitfalls. into last I time girla ideals, The the are with same and there many.

Elder Richard deliver R. Lyman his address Courton the bless in the Miss X, stand Lord you may

I ship, felt that I could indorse it wholeheartedly, in spite of idealstaken. true your remain always May

loneliness. ideals—thenyou have myheard children,marriage, future will happiness and follow.

Sincerely, L. G. If you consider this article worth printing, please do not

print my name.

Dear Editors: Hamilton, Ohio.

TN answer to the young woman's letter concerning the L. D. TTf/E December number of "The Improvement Era''con- * S. ideals for marriage: tained an article—"The Trial of Jesus,"by Jesse Udall.

First, Miss X, I would say that if the boys of your comPresident Payne introduces Attorney Udall to our readers.

munity are disinterested in you because you are living those Dear Editors:

ideals, you don't want them for a husband. Those ideals TDISHOP JESSE A. UDALL is a prominent attorney of the

are required of boys as well as girls. *-* State of Arizona. He served two terms as County atAny boy, whether he has lived according to the L. D. S. torney of Graham County. At the present time he represents

not,standards give the or to find would a girl world large interests some who as their legal advisor. is a He of member

girl respecthad. the not herself do Boys not keep legislature the who does has and served in terms two that capacity. He

sacred virtuous. girl Just and suppose remain that the in who the is Major National of Guard is Arizona. at present He

getsflaunts that's her sex all she has, just a her man; man. the president the of of Board Trustees of Gila College. is He

been might have a house, becomes a homeWhat all in and what prominent civic ecclesiastical and matters. an He is

happiness have becomewould becomes drudgery. active of the member Club. Rotary He was of the a member

If fewer let themselves girls would down into the mire of this of High Council stake and was released from that position popularity by being a socalled sport, (when they are really to become Bishop of the Thatcher Ward. He is a son of

making themselves toys) and smoking and drinking and former President David K. Udall of the St. Johns Stake,

flaunting sex there would be a lot fewer broken homes, fewer recently released as president of the Arizona Temple at Mesa.

lawbreakers, civilization general. type in higher of and a Bishop is a Udall very prominent in this man community.

are left that foolish are few You said, "We who residence holding His is at Thatcher and his is law office at Safford, those ideals."The part that makes you foolish is to think Arizona. Harry L. Payne

that you have nothing more than those ideals. You spoke the President St. Joseph Stake.

ANTLE OF SNQY/

"AIN'T NATURE GRAND!

Such an abundance of gorgeous snow packed deep over our mountains, through canyons and ravines provides for our future water needs for the ensuing year

A BENEFICIAL LIFE CONTRACT takes in so much more territory, for it provides food, clothing fills the and other necessities of life for years to come—In many instances a Beneficial Policy actually

vacant chair to provide for the family, educate the children or establish them in business.

Consult with a Beneficial representative regarding the policy for your particular needs and circumstances.

No matter what form of insurance, IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE

BBMEHCMLIIRYOU CAN BUY.IN 11

Home Office Salt Lake City OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS HEBER J. REUBENJ. GRANT,'LARK, PRESIDENTJR., FIRST VICEPRESIDENT GEORGEAXEL B. J.C. CANNON,OHLSON, EXECUTIVESECRETARY VICEPRESIDENT

DAVID O. N.KAY, SECOND VICEPRESIDENT LEO E. PENROSE, Assistant secretary

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH ORVAL W. ADAMS

E. T. RALPHS STEPHEN L. CHIPMAN