Improvement Era

is

LOy

JANUARY, 1926

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD

QUORUMS,THEYOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTASSOCI* TIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF v*> LATTERDAY SAINTS wvwvv PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD YMJtLA SALT LAKE CITY UTAH

ss.

CO VIA SAN FRANCISCO TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN, IT COSTS NO MORE TO SEE ALL OF

CALIFORNIA IN ONE COMPLETE TRIP $ 50 VIA C Southcrn pacijic Lines THREE 52TRAINS DAILY FROM SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN

PROPORTIONATELY LOW FARE FROM ALL OTHER POINTS IN

UTAH, IDAHO AND MONTANA STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS. TICKETS ON SALE DAILY

For complete Information, Tickets and Reservations, Call Phone or Write.

P. BANCROFT, General Agent.

41 South Main Street. Wasatch 3008 Wasatch 3078

No substitute for Life Insurance can be found until you find a Remedy for Death

Our modern upto-date contracts afford complete protection.

Our insurance in force including the Double Indemnity feature has passed the $32,500,000 mark.

Our Premiums and Interest Income now total between

SEVEN AND EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS

PER ANNUM

InterMountain Life Insurance Company

J. O. CARTER, President

Home Office, Twelfth Floor Continental Bank Building Salt Lake City, Utah

A few intelligent men to enter the salesmanship field desired.

Thorough instructions given.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Your Boy

[At Mesa, Arizona, November 18, 1925, there were 535 Fathers and Sons who met and enjoyed a reunion and partook of a big bean feast. This poetic tribute was written by our well known poet and

author in honor of the occasion. She had three boys and a husband

present. Editors. ]

There isn't a boy in the one world—not

But longs to be big like you, Who thrills at the sound when you call him "Son!"

And copies the things you do, Whose shoulders braced to the world's demand,

Are broad and squared and strong,

As yours are squared when you take his hand

And lead that boy along!

There isn't a boy on the wide flung map,

But longs for your manly pace,

Who chafes at the years and the longgrown gap

Till he stands with you face to face

A kingly giant in miniature, Evolving might on might A god to be, just as true and sure

As you lead that boy aright!

Bertha A. Kleinman.

ONE DOZEN OF THE ONE THOUSAND At the October Conference, a call was made for one thousand men of mature years, to labor in the mission fields of the United States, Canada or

Mexico, for at least six months, paying their own expenses both going and coming. The response is very gratifying, many having already left

for their fields of labor. The above two groups comprise one dozen men of

the one thousand. They were at the Missionary Home, Salt Lake City,

November 1219, 1925.

Above: J. Waldo Parry, Provo, to Canada; Nils Lofgren, Huntsville, Utah, to

Western states; Henry T. Brown, Ogden, to Western states; Wilford W.

Clark, Georgetown, Idaho, to Central states; Ira C. Fletcher, Magrath, Canada,

to Eastern states.

Below: Lester J. Gruwell, Burley, Idaho, to Mexico; David Stalker, Burley, Idaho,

to Central states; Duncan M. Gillies, Beaver, Utah, to California; Thomas L.

Redford, Logan, Utah, to Southern states; William H. Smart, Rundelett, Utah,

to Southern states; Franklin Badger, Holden, Utah, to Western states; Leland

M. Pack, Ioka, Utah, to Central states.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXIX JANUARY, 1926 No. 3

THE DIVINITY OF JESUS CHRIST* By Elder Orson F. Whitney, of the Council of the Twelve

Presbyterianism's Problem An American newspaper of recent date has a communicated article from which I take the following:

General Assembly of the Presbyterian "Columbus, Ohio, May 19, 1925.—The

Church, which for the purpose of Church government corresponds to the Congress of the United States, is likely to decide within the next week whether a minister may still remain a minister if he answers: 'I don't know,'or 'I don't believe so,'when

asked whether Jesus Christ really raised the dead, walked on water and was born of a virgin mother. * * *

"The Presbyterian Church will face* its problem with two determined groups standing militant on either side of the question and a third group in the middle.

"The fundamentalists, who accept the Bible as the Divine word, hold that Jesus, to be God, must be omnipotent, capable of any miracle. * * * the allpowerful

God of the universe. i,

"The modernists, or religious radicals of the clergy, who have been most conspicuous in New York, do not assert that Jesus Christ was no miracle worker. They

do not claim that he would be unable, if so minded, to perform a modern miracle.

They simply aren't convinced that he was or could.

"The fundamentalists want the dissenters to accept the Presbyterian religion as it is. or get out of the Presbyterian clergy. The modernists, regarding themselves as

advanced thinkers, want the rest to catch up with them. And the element in between,

who seem to be divided as to their leanings, want above all a constitutional, judicial trial of the case and abhor the idea of summary action."

Thus far the article in question.

The M. I. A. Slogan

At a time when the Divine character and mission of the world's

Redeemer are being questioned, even by many professing Christians, it is a cause for congratulation and rejoicing that there is still found

*An address delivered at the Sunday evening session of the M. I. A. Jubilee

Conference, June 7, 1925.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 406, Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

220 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"faith on the in Jesus Christ as the very Son of God, earth"—faith

as the virginborn Savior of mankind, as the anointed and foreordained messenger of Him who "so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life"(John 3:16).

Among those who hold fast to this conviction, are the Latterday

Saints, or "Mormans."And tonight we unfurl our banner, emblazoned with the slogan of the young men and young women of Zion:

"We stand for an individual testimony of the divinity of Jesus Christ."

How Testimony Comes Such testimony can come but in one way, not man's. way—God's

Books can not give it. Schools can not bestow it. No human power

can impart it. It comes, if it comes at all, as a gift of God, by direct

and immediate revelation from on high.

Said Jesus) to his chief Apostle: "Whom say ye that I am?"

Peter answered: "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God."

Then said Jesus: "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona, for flesh and

blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven"(Matt. 16:1517).

Such was the basis of Peter's testimony and such is the basis of every real testimony of like character. They all rest upon the same

foundation.

Testimony means evidence, and it may consist of divers things, fruits of the Gospel's varied gifts. Dreams, visions, prophecies, tongues

and their interpretation, healings and other manifestations of the Divine

Spirit, are all included in the category.

The Surest Evidence But the greatest and most convincing of all testimonies is the soul's illumination under the kindling and enlightening power of the

Holy Comforter, promised by the Savior to his disciples, Ghost—the

to abide with them after he had departed, to bring things past to their remembrance and show them things to come, making manifest the things of God, past, present and future.

God's Greatest Gift By that Spirit and by that alone can men know God and Jesus to act consistentlyChrist whom he hath sent—to know whom, and

with that knowledge, is to lay hold upon eternal life. No greater

thing can come to men while in the flesh than the knowledge of how to secure that greatest of all heavenly gifts.

To know God, man must know himself, must know whence he came, why he is here, what is expected of him by the One who sent him here, where he is going when he leaves this mortal life, and what awaits him in the great hereafter. The Holy Spirit is the

THE DIVINITY OF JESUS CHRIST 221

fountain from which flows this knowledge, the most precious that men can possess. By means of it comes the testimony that Jesus

Christ was and is Divine.

The Everlasting Gospel Such a testimony was had by the patriarchs and prophets of old. They were not without the gospel, and its glorious gifts. The

Holy Ghost did not make its first appearance upon this planet in the days of Jesus and his Apostles. Men had seen God before that time,

and had enjoyed the sweet influence and wonderworking power of his Spirit. Framed in the heavens before this earth was organized,

the gospel had been among men in a series of dispensations, long before it was preached by the Apostles in the meridian of time.

Testimony of the Ages "I know that my Redeemer burden of righteous liveth"—the

Job's exultant cry, welling up from the depths of his sorely tried, suffering, yet patient echoed from ten thousand hearts, yea, soul—is

ten thousand times ten thousand of the faithful and the just, whose heaveninspired testimonies have come ringing down the ages, from the days of Adam to the days of Joseph Smith. The Holy Scriptures

are replete with testimonies of Christ's divinity, attested by miracles and wonders manifold.

A Life and Death Divine But even if Christ had wrought no if he had not miracle—even

walked upon the water, healed the sick, cast out devils, given sight to the blind, caused the lame to walk, or done anything else that men deem supernatural, was there not that about him which bore unimpeachable testimony to his divinity?

What could be more divine than the life of One who "went about doing good,"teaching men to forgive their enemies, to pray for those who persecuted them, and to do unto others as they would that others should do unto them? And did he not set the example of

Godlike magnanimity, by craving, while upon the cross in the agonies of death, Heaven's pardon upon his guilty murderers? "Father, forgive

them; for they know not what they do."

What could be more divine than that. Who but a God could

offer such a prayer at such a time? "Greater love hath no man than

this, that a man lay down his life for his friends."But here was

One who could lay down his life for his enemies, as well as his friends. No mere man could do that. It took a God to die for all

as well as that act alone stamps divinity uponmen—foes friends—and

the character and mission of Jesus Christ.

The Men Who Knew The Twelve Apostles were his special witnesses. As such they

222 IMPROVEMENT ERA

had to know beyond all question that he was what he claimed to be.

It was a new thing that was required of them. They were to vouch

for his there had been no resurrection upon this resurrection—and

planet until Christ came forth from the grave. He was "the first

fruits of them that slept."Those Apostles had to know, not merely

believe. They could not go into the world and say: "We believe

Jesus has risen from the is our opinion, our conviction."dead—such

What impression would that have made upon a sinhardened generation? No; mere belief would not suffice in their case. They must

know, and they did know, for they had seen and heard him, had even been permitted to touch him, that they might be convinced that he was indeed the resurrection and the life. It was their right to possess

this knowledge, owing to the unique character of their mission. But

the world at large was required to believe what the Apostles testified concerning him.

The Case of Thomas One of the Twelve was absent when his brethren received their first visitation from the risen Redeemer; and when they said, "We have

seen the Lord,""Except I shall see in his he—Thomas—answered:

hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe."

Subsequently the Savior appeared to Thomas, saying: "Behold my

hands; and reach hither thy hand, and thrust it into my side: and

be not faithless, but believing.""My Lord and my God,"exclaimed

the was convinced (John 20:2428). doubter—and

Thomas has been censured for demanding to see and to feel before he would believe. How much blame attaches to him for

doubting, I will not presume to say. But this much seems clear: He

had the same right as the rest of the Twelve to a personal appearing of the right to come in contact with him of whose resurrecLord—the

tion he was required to testify. The others had seen and heard

perhaps had even felt, for Jesus offered them that privilege. Why

should not Thomas share in the same experience? What else could

completely qualify him as a special witness of the resurrection?

Belief and Knowledge

Signseeking is an abomination, indicating an adulterous disposition.

It is blessed to believe without seeing, since by the exercise of faith comes spiritual development, one of the great objects of man's earthly existence; while knowledge, by swallowing up faith, prevents its

exercise, thus hindering that development. "Knowledge is power;"

at the wrong fatal both to progress and toedge—knowingand all things are to be known in due season. But premature knowltime—is

happiness.

The case of the Apostles was exceptional. They stood in a

peculiar position. It was better for them to absolutely know—nay,

THE DIVINITY OF JESUS CHRIST 223

order to give the requisite force and power to their tremenessential—in

dous testimony.

Power From on High And yet, even in their case, something more than the seeing of the eye, than the hearing of the ear, than the touch of the senses, was necessary to enable them to know and to testify of Christ's divinity.

Peter knew, before the resurrection, that Jesus was the Christ, the

Son of the living it by divine revelation; and his God—knew

brethren of the Twelve were entitled to the same knowledge, by the same means of imparting it.

That something besides his appearing to them in a resurrected state was necessary to qualify them for their work is shown by the fact that after that appearing, and after he had commissioned them to go "into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature,"they were commanded by him to tarry at Jerusalem until they were "endued with power from on high."They obeyed, andthe power came upon them—"a sound from heaven as of a rushing

mighty wind.""Cloven tongues like as of fire * * * sat upon

each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and

began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance"(Acts 2:2-4).

That same power the Apostles gave to others, even to all who had faith in Jesus Christ, who had repented of their sins, and had been cleansed by baptism at the hands of those having divine authority to so officiate; to the end that they might receive the Holy Ghost and

by continued obedience win life everlasting.

Latterday Testimony

So much for the days of old. Now as to modern times. Joseph

Smith, to whom the Father and the Son revealed themselves in the early decades of the nineteenth century, and through whom the everlasting gospel, with all its ancient gifts and blessings, was restored at the opening of this last and greatest of the gospel dispensations;

Joseph Smith, who with Sidney Rigdon saw the Son of God sitting on the right hand of God, and gazed upon the glories of eternity;

Joseph Smith, who with Oliver Cowdery beheld Jehovah, even

Jesus Christ, standing upon the breastwork of the pulpit in the Kirtland Temple; Joseph, the martyred Prophet, who gave his life to lay

the foundations of this left upon record more than one work—he

mighty testimony to the divinity of Jesus Christ. And tens of

thousands of faithful Saints have rejoiced and are rejoicing in those testimonies, confirmed to them by the allconvincing power of the

Holy Ghost.

In the Mission Field May I add my mite to the mass of evidence upon this allim- portant theme? Fifty years ago, or something less, I was a young

224 IMPROVEMENT ERA

missionary in the State of Pennsylvania. I had been praying for a

testimony of the truth, but beyond that had not displayed much zeal in missionary labor. My companion, a veteran in the cause, chided me

for my lack of diligence in this direction. "You ought to be studying

the books of the Church,"said he; "you were sent out to preach the

Gospel, not to write for the that was what I was newspapers"—for

doing at the time.

I knew he was right, but I still kept on, fascinated by the discovery that I could wield a pen, and preferring that to any other occupation except the drama, my early ambition, which I had laid upon the altar when, as a youth of twentyone, I accepted a call to the mission field.

In Gethsemane One night I dream it may be I was in dreamed—if called—that

the Garden of Gethsemane, a witness of the Savior's agony. I saw

Him as plainly as I see this congregation. I stood behind a tree in

the foreground, where I could see without being seen. Jesus, with

Peter, James and John, came through a little wicket gate at my right.

Leaving the three Apostles there, after telling them to kneel and pray, he passed over to the other side, where he also knelt and prayed. It was the same prayer with which we are all familiar: "O my

Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not

as I will, but as thou wilt"(Matt. 26:3644; Mark 14:3241; Luke

22:42).

As he prayed the tears streamed down his face, which was toward me. I was so moved at the sight that I wept also, out of

pure sympathy with his great sorrow. My whole heart went out

to him, I loved him with all my soul, and longed to be with him as I longed for nothing else.

asleep! He shook them gently, awoke them, and in a tone ofing—fastPresently he arose and walked to where the Apostles were kneeltender reproach, untinctured by the least suggestion of anger or scolding asked them if they could not watch with him one hour. There

he was, with the weight of the world's sin upon his shoulders, with the pangs of every man, woman and child shooting through his sensitive they could not watch with him one poor hour! soul—and

Returning to his place, he prayed again, and then went back and found them again sleeping. Again he awoke them, admonished

them, and returned and prayed as before. Three times this happened,

until I was perfectly familiar with his form and appearance—face,

movements. He was of noble stature and of majestic at all mien—not

the weak, effeminate being that some painters have very portrayed—a

God among men, yet as meek and lowly as a little child.

All at once the circumstance seemed to change, the scene remaining just the same. Instead of before, it was after the crucifixion, and

the Savior, with those three Apostles, now stood together in a group I

THE DIVINITY OF JESUS CHRIST 225

at my left. They were about to depart and ascend into Heaven. I

could endure it no longer. I ran out from behind the tree, fell at his

feet, clasped him around the knees, and begged him to take me with him.

I shall never forget the kind and gentle manner in which He stooped and raised me up and embraced me. It was so vivid, so real,

that I felt the very warmth of his bosom against which I rested. Then

He said: "No, my son; these have finished their work, and they may

go with me, but you must stay and finish yours."Still I clung

he was taller thanto him. Gazing up into his I—face—for

besought him most earnestly: "Well, promise me that I will come to

you at the last."He smiled sweetly and tenderly and replied: "That

will depend entirely upon yourself."I awoke with a sob in my throat,

and it was morning.

The Moral of the Tale "That's from God,"said my companion (Elder A. M. Musser),

when I had related it to him. "I don't need to be told that,"was my

reply. I saw the moral clearly. I had never thought that I would be

an Apostle, or hold any other office in the Church; and it did not

occur to me even then. Yet I knew that those sleeping apostles

meant me. I was asleep at my post—as any man is, or any woman,

who, having been divinely appointed to do one thing, does another.

President Young's Counsel But from that hour all was was a different man. I changed—I

did not give up writing, for President Brigham Young, having noticed some of my contributions in the home papers, wrote advising me to cultivate what he called my "gift for writing"so that I might use it in future years ""**for the establishment of truth and righteousness upon the earth."This was his last word of counsel to me. He died the

same year, while I was still in the mission field, though laboring then in the State of Ohio. I continued to write, but it was for the Church

and Kingdom of God. I held that first and foremost; all else was

secondary.

The Speaker's Testimony

Then came the divine illumination, which is greater than all dreams, visions, and other manifestations combined. By the light

gift of the Holy of God's saw what till then candle—the Ghost—I

I had never seen, I learned what till then I had never known, I loved the Lord as I had never loved Him before. My soul was satisfied,

my joy was full, for I had a testimony of the truth, and it has remained with me to this day.

I know that my Redeemer liveth. Not even Job knew it better.

I have evidence that I can not doubt; and this is why I am found

among those who tonight unfurl the slogan for which we stand, possess226 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing and proclaiming an individual testimony of the divinity of Jesus

Christ.

THE DIVINE REDEEMER

He wandered through the faithless world,

A Prince in shepherd guise;

He called his scattered flock, but few

The voice could recognize;

For minds upborne by hollow pride.

Or dimmed by sordid lust.

Ne'er look for kings in peasant's garb.

For diamonds in the dust.

Wept he above a city doomed, Her temple, walls and towers.

O'er palaces where recreant priests

Usurped unhallowed powers.

"I am the Way, the Life, the Light!"

Messenger, Ignored—nay,Alas! 'twas mockedheeded not.God's

And spurned the gift he brought.

O bane of damning unbelief!

Thou source of lasting strife.

Thou stumbling stone, thou barrier 'thwart

The gates of endless life!

O love of self, and Mammon's lust.

Twin portals to despair, Where bigotry, the blinded bat,

Flaps through the midnight air!

Through these, gloomwrapt Gethsemane!

Thy glens of guilty shade Grieved o'er the sinless Son of God,

By goldbought kiss betrayed:

Beheld him unresisting dragged.

Forsaken, friendless, lone, To halls where darkbrowed Hatred sat

On Judgment's lofty throne.

As sheep before his shearers, dumb.

Those patient lips were mute;

The clamorous charge of taunting tongues

He deigned not to dispute.

They smote with cruel palm a face

Which felt yet bore the sting;

Then crowned with thorns his quivering blow,

And, mocking, hailed him, "King!"

crime of crimes! Transfixed he hung—O

The God whom worlds adore.

"Father forgive them!"Drained the dregs:

Immanuel was no more.

No more where thunders shook the earth,

Where lightnings, 'thwart the gloom,

Saw that unconquered Spirit spurn

The shackles of the tomb.

THE DIVINITY OF JESUS CHRIST 227

Farflashing on its wings of light,

A falchion from its sheath, It cleft the realms of darkness and

Dissolved the bands of death.

Hell's dungeons burst, wide open swung

The everlasting bars, Whereby the ransomed soul shall win

Those heights beyond the stars.

ELIAS, part of Canto 3.

Eternal Hope

(Inspired from Paul's declaration to Titus, Titus 1-2)

In hope of eternal life, which God, who cannot lie,

Promised before the world began

Its dreams of Death's abysmal span,

His darktwined roots around thy heart,

That frames the hope to cry from deep

Within thy soul, my friend.

When thou hast gazed with solemn stare

Upon the placid, rigid, corpse;

Was't then thy love for Life was born;

Within the fear, that, Death is end?

Or dost thy cherished hope to live,

Outreach the fear of Death's cold thrust?

And canst thou rise above the dread,

That Death so surely claims his own;

And smile in faith when thoughts present

And dreams review, that dust to dust,

Is Nature's recompense to Time,

To be restored when Time hath flown?

Wonderest thou if Time alone Doth restitution claim and hold?

Shall Nature waste herself then mock

The heaving sigh of her last breath?

Shall all the sheaves of Truth and ken

Be forfeited in black disdain To satisfy the measure of one worthless curse

Eternal death?

Plant not thy hope, thy trust, my friend,

In shallow soil of death and tears,

Think not that God's Eternity Is measured by the inch of mortal span,

Hope hath not sprung to life Within the realm of carnal years;

'Twas promised us by God in Christ,

Before the world began.

Le Max Saxon I MYSELF AND By James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve

and President of the British Mission

I have to live with myself more than with anybody else. My

self and I are inseparable companions'for this life, aye, and beyond, for we are immortal, myself and I, and shall dwell together as one in eternity.

Do we know each other as we should? Are we congenial and

reasonably happy in this companionship, or do Kve become;irritating,

annoying and disagreeable? I

Much of the sweet or the bitter in life 'depends upon the company we keep, whether that company be of our own choosing or the result of conditions beyond our control. In what sort of a company

am I when nobody but myself is near? )

Some there are whose selfcompanionship is distressingly harmful. Every hour they spend an hour to the alone—together—Is*

bad. Left to themselves they think of evil, mutter wickedness to each

othe,r, and revel in pernicious gossip. (In the dim secrecy of pelfcommunion they foment loathsome quarrels and concoct illsmelling

discord. Intoxicated with their own foul brew they see only distortion in the acts and motives of others, whose most worthy efforts

appear to their blear eyes as of sinister purpose. In thought they

indulge debasing lusts and stain their souls with sins of the heart.

It would be better for them were they never alone. They do not

deserve the blessed privileges'of solitude, albeit a prison cell with a watchful warden ever by their side would be to their advantage.

Let us be grateful for the contrast of those whose best company is that of themselves. There are many such, otherwise this world

would be worse than it is. I know some of these, and not a few—men

and women who live in the high and refined society of their choice selves, who are veritably a benediction unto themselves!, and therefore inevitably unto others. To them an hour of solitude is an hour

to the good. Their thoughts are ennobling, their soliloquies inspiring; and to their fellows they impute, in just measure, the

worthiness of their own sterling attributes. The sacred privacy of

their communion with self is glorified by rectitude in purpose and effort. Illumined by divine light such as is invoked by their probity

of desire and so graciously shed upon them, they view the things of life with clear vision and normal perspective. When alone they

bask in the sunshine of righteous ambition, and yet further whiten their souls by holy contemplation.

Occasionally myself and I are permitted to visit in the cozy hearthomes of some of these blessed ones, and there we learn how to make our own sanctum more inviting and inspiring. We are all

MYSELF AND I 229

affected by our surroundings though in varying degrees; a clean and

orderly environment is conducive to cleanliness and order of the person placed therein. Thus it becomes not only worthwhile but indispensable to our wellbeing that we keep in the best possible state

that little alcove of the soul into which we retire for selfexamination and personal communion. I. \

How is your private chamber furnished and beautified? And

how is room wherein myself and I ensconce ourselves to mine—the

think alone, talk with each other, and together pray? It should

be comfortable and in every [way pleasing.,The floor is cold, hard,

or softcarpeted with the memories of good There deeds—which?

are pictures on the walls, whether the apartment be povertystricken or palatial, yes, pictures of the past; but what do they show? They

may depict scenes we never should have witnessed, sins that should have remained to us unknown; or each may be a masterpiece in

unfading colors immortalizing deeds in which the angels have joy.

Myself and I should know each other well. We should visit

together often; and between us there must be unreserved confidence

and implicit trust. I must have such respect for myself as to do

all that I ought to do, and refrain from doing anything that I ought not to do, though no mortal but myself may know of the act or the omission. i

And so it is with yourself and you. Don't—Millennialyou think Star.so?

When a Man Offers To give diamonds or jewelry worth several dollars for only a dollar, don't believe it.

To give away the knowledge of a sure cure for disease by merely sending him a stamp to prepay postage, don't believe it.

To make you rich for a small investment in mines or stock, don't believe

it.

To give you something of great value for something of less value, don't believe it.

To take you as a partner with a small investment, and make you realize five hundred per cent profit, don't believe it.

There are too many persons advertising on purpose to filch people of money gained by hard labor. Before entering any speculation take advantage

of every means at your command to ascertain the facts with reference to the proposed business before you invest even a postage stamp.

D. C. RETSLOFF, San Diego, Calif.

GOD THE FATHER'S PURPOSES IN CREATION* By Elder Brigham H. Roberts, of the First Council of

Seventy and President of the Eastern States Mission

I thank God for music, and for these gifted sons and daughters of God who vocally and on instruments can produce it. If I

could only preach the gospel as these gifted sons and daughters of

God sing it, and could produce in the souls of men the thrills that come to me when the jtruth is set to music, and artistically rendered, I would ask no other wealth or gift from God.

Important Principles Treated When the sessions of our conference closed on Sunday afternoon I felt that if nothing more should 'be added, this conference would go down in history as of great importance, because of the treatment that had been already given upon great and fundamental principles, principles of highest importance, and especially at this present time, and in view of the waves of religious thought and irreligious thought that are sweeping over our nation, and I (presume over other nations also. But when I stand before you to

make my own very humble contribution to this historic conference, it is with a great deal of misgiving, and I approach that brief and humble task with much trepidation.

Why Are People?

On my way home from the Eastern States I bought some magazines with which to while away the tedium of the journey, and in one of them I was attracted by this title: "It Is a Wise Father

Who Can Answer His Own Child."

In the course of setting forth that thought the father who wrote the article describes how 'a son about eight years of age said to him one day:

"Daddy, why are people?"The father felt that "an armful"

had been handed him, according to his own confession. So he

stalled a little and replied to his son that that was a question that had been debated some five or ten thousand years, and it was not quite certain yet that anybody had found the right answer.

"Well,"said the boy, "that's funny."Then, after a silence he

said again: "Daddy, don't you think that is funny?"The father

again stalled and he said: "Well, it is just possible that if we knew

everything, life would not be so very interesting.""Well,"per-

*An address delivered at the October SemiAnnual Conference of the Church,

Salt Lake City. Utah. Oct. 6. 1925.

GOD'S PURPOSE IN CREATION 231

sistcd the boy, "I think it is funny. Now I have to go out and

play ball the rest of the afternoon, and jif you find out anything I would like to hear it at dinner."

The Theme Treated by King David

Now of course that may be a strange way of presenting a great theme. It has been much thought of, and the question put in a

more worthy form. I think perhaps the poetprophet of Israel, King

David, stated the question in a manner much more worthy, and I call your attention to it. It is very familiar to you, but I am sure

it is worthy of your further consideration:

"Oh Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth, who hast set thy glory above the heavens. * * *

"When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained;

"What is man, that thou art mindful of him, and the son of man, that thou visitest him?

"For thou hast made him a little lower than the angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honor.

"Thou madest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands; thou hast put all things under his feet:

"All sheep and oxen, yea, and the beasts of the field;

"The fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea, and whatsoever passeth through the paths'of the seas.

"O Lord, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth!"

David here asks some very important questions. He does not

answer them, however, either in this psalm nor in any subsequent one. St. Paul quotes this passage from David in his letter to the

Hebrews, but he does not answer the questions'.

The Purposes of God in the Creation Not Adequately 'Stated

This passage brings up the questions of the purposes of God in the creation; but these two prophets, David and Paul, do not give

answers to the questions they ask. None of the philosophers outside

of those cults that have been recognized as founded upon revelation from God have ever answered these questions in any authoritative way. It may seem like a bold statement, but it is true, nevertheless,

that there is no answer contained in the Old Testament to these questions. In all the revelations that are given in the Old Testament

there is no declaration made of the purposes of God in the creation. I am going to ask you to go one step further, and to bear

with me while I say to you that neither in the New Testament is there any adequate declaration that satisfies the inquiring mind upon that subject. The only scripture that comes anywhere nearly touching

it is found in the following:

"Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honor and 232 IMPROVEMENT ERA

power: for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they

are and were created."(Rev. 4:11.)

That is the nearest, either in the Old or in the New Testament, in all that is nearest approach to an explanawritten—the

tion of the purpose of God in the creation. I think you will agree

with me that that is not very satisfactory to you or to me or to mankind;in general. God has created all things and for his pleasure

they are and were created. All right, but where do we come in?

And what explanation is that to us of the purposes! of God in our

creation?

The Importance of the Question

I call your attention to the fact that this father to whom the lad propounded his question, confessed that he had been "handed an armful."He did not, however,.regard the question of his boy as

"silly.""On the contrary,"said he, "it is so fundamental that it

quite bowls one over."And then he adds this thoughtful remark:

"Think what it would mean to the human race to have an answer that every one of us would accept. That I should say would

be quite a neat little achievement;"that is to give an intelligent,

acceptable, and, I will add, an authoritative answer to the question, "Why are people?"Or in other words, what is the purpose of God

in the creation of man? I have rather boldly said that you can

find no answer in the Old Testament nor in the New Testament.

But now I will ask you to follow me for a few moments in,somc suppositions I am going to make.

Some Suppositions Suggested Suppose that in some catacomb in Egypt, or some musty tomb of ancient prophets, a fragment of parchment could be found that could be well established as containing the very words of the great prophet Moses; and suppose that fragment should contain this statement:

"This is mil work and mu glow, saith the Lord, to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."

What would be the result upon the thought of the world if by human means such a fragment of parchment could be brought forth and established as undoubtedly the utterance of the great prophet of Israel, Moses? It would be regarded, I warrant you, as the most

valuable utterance that had occurred among men. Aye, its value

would be greater in giving enlightenment to men as to the purposes of God in the creation of man, than all else that is written in the

Bible; and as a discovery it would be as important as the discovery

of the original tablets on which were written the Ten Commandments would be.

Again I will ask you to suppose that under similar circumstances and by human means, another literary discovery was made

GOD'S PURPOSE IN CREATION 233

that should read as is a second fragment that we will follows—this

suppose has been discovered:

"Man is spirit. The elements are eternal, and spirit and element,

inseparably connected, receive a fulness of joy. And when separated, man

cannot receive a fulness of joy."* * *

"The elements are the tabernacle of God; yea, man is the tabernacle

of God, even temples: and whatsoever temple is defiled, God shall destroy

that temple.

"The glory of God is intelligence, or, in other words, light and truth."

That is to say, the light by which truth is discerned. I would

like to make this addition to the foregoing quotation. It does not

occur in this same passage, but I would like to make this addition to this scrap of supposed parchment, and have it included in our whole supposition:

"The body and the spirit is the soul of man, and the resurrection from the dead is the redemption of the soul."i

Now let us add these statements together in these supposed parchment fragments, then put the two one from together—the

Moses and this passage just quoted. We would then have:

bring to pass the immortality "This is my work and my glory—to

and eternal life of man. * * *

"The elements are eternal, and spirit and element, inseparably connected, receive a fulness of joy. * * *

"The spirit and the body is the soul of man; the resurrection from the

dead is the redemption of the soul."

Now I begin to see forming a marvelous, a splendid, a worthy conclusion, out of these discovered purpose of God fragments—the

in the creation of man. It is the purpose of God to bring to pass

the immortality and eternal life of man, because a union of spirit and element is essential to the fulness of man's joy. That immortality and eternal life is brought to pass by the indissoluble union

of the body and the spirit of man, by which he becomes soul one, united, 'inseparable, an entity indestructible, and put in the way of attainment of a fulness of joy. But the end is not yet.

I will ask you to suppose the discovery of another fragment of manuscript from ruined temple, from catacomb or from musty tomb, and yet ita antiquity and its authenticity as going back to an inspired man of not be questioned. We v/ill God—a prophet—may

suppose this third discovered, sacred parchment should say will this—I

ask you to mark the beauty of it:

"All things have been done in the wisdom of him who knoweth all things."

Now that has in it the music of inspired poetry, to me. It also

has a depth of philosophy that is quite wonderful.

"All things have been done in the wisdom of him who knoweth all things."

Perfect wisdom can come only from perfect knowledge, and 234 IMPROVEMENT ERA

here you have the two wisdom rising from percombined—perfect fect knowledge; all things ordained for the earth and the inhabitants

thereof have been wrought in the highest wisdom, according to the declaration of this third discovered fragment we are supposing. And

then the rest of the fragment must be read to get the full import of its meaning. I will read the two beautiful lines I have in mind

together:

"All things have been done in the wisdom of him who knoweth all things:

"Adam fell that man might be. Men are that they might have joy."

will say for the moAnd thus these fragments of truth—we

ment from ancient parchment just enlightened the discovered—have

world on this great theme as no other utterances! have ever enlightened

the children of men. If they could only be discovered in the way

we have supposed, it seems to me that there would rise up from all the hosts of men peans of praise to Almighty God, for this great light shed abroad upon the minds of men with reference to the purposes of God in the creation; and especially as to the creation of

man.

The Message of "Mormonism"to the World

Now we will drop the suppositions assumed. These three great

utterances constitute the message of "Mormonism"to the world upon this great theme. The first comes from a fragment of the

teachings of the Prophet Moses, found not in musty tomb or ruined temple, but revealed to the Prophet Joseph before this Church of ours was six months old. The second comes from a revelation from

God to him, in the year 1833. The third contribution comes

from our Book of Mormon, and is the contribution of sleeping nations once inhabiting the American continents, a message through their prophet leader to the modern world, and a contribution to the modern world for its enlightenment. How splendid all that is!

But to the Lad's and David's Questions Again

We are not quite through, however, with this*magazine lad's questions yet; nor with David's sublime questions. We have learned a little about the purpose of God in the creation, but the other

part of the question still remains: What is man that God is mindful of him? Or the son of man, that he visits him, and gives

him dominion over his works?

Only just a moment can be devoted to the great theme. I

quote the words of the Christ in that last prayer of his in Gethsemane:

"Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also

may glorify thee."

I quote that scripture because without any equivocation it deGOD'S PURPOSE IN CREATION 235

clares by the lips of the Christ himself the fact that ha is the Son of

God; and now he says:

"Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee beforei the world was."Here the Christ proclaims both the preexistence of his own spirit and the glory he had

with his Father before he came to the earth. These doctrines used to

puzzle those among whom he moved when in his earth life. In controversy with the Pharisees on one occasion, when they were boasting about Abraham being their father, he said:

"Your Father Abraham rejoiced to sec my day; and he saw it and

was glad.""O,"said they, '"you are not yet fifty years old, and hast

thou seen Abraham?"And he answered, "Before Abraham was, I am."

Reference was made by President Ivins on Sunday to that most marvelous of all revelations on the preexistence of the spirit of the

Christ given to Moriancumer, the brother of Jared. So complete

was that vision, so certain it was, that the Prophet, as he beheld the finger of the Lord stretched forth, exclaimed: "I knew not

that the Lord had flesh and blood."This view was corrected by the

Lord, who said:

"This is the body of my spirit, and as I appear unto you in the spirit so will I appear unto my people in the flesh."In other

words, it was the spirit form of the Christ which Moriancumer beheld. It is the spirit that gives form to the whole man. The sp'rii

out of the elements in this earthlife clothes itself with this beautiful garment, the human body, which in the provinces of God shall be made immortal. This through the process, first of birth

into life; and after that, birth into immortality mortality—earth

through the resurrection. Through these processes shall come forth

those personages that shall be union of spirit and cleeternal—a

ment that shall be indissoluble. The mortal state is but a prelude to that immortal life, and to that "eternal life"which shall include with it an eternal union with God, a union that shall lead to

the eternal progress and development of the divine intelligences tbjt inhabit these bodies.

Now, Jesus Christ is the Son of God. All right, what is our

relationship to him? He met Mary early in the morning of the

resurrection, and when she would approach him and place her hands upon him in loving affection, he said:

"Touch me not, for I am not yet ascended to my Father."

It seems he was reserving contact with his resurrected, immortal body, for the first embrace of the Father. "Touch me not, but go and tellmy brethren,"referring to the apostles—"tell my brethren, that I

ascend unto my Father, and to your Father, to my God, and to your

God."I know of no other scripture that so beautifully sets forth the 236 IMPROVEMENT ERA

relationship of brotherhood of man to the Christ than this passage;

unless perhaps it might be this one:

"For both he that sanctifieth, and they who are sanctified are all of one, for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren."

Showing that our origin is the same as the origin of the Christ. Now

I understand Paul clearly when he says:

"We have had fathers of our flesh which corrected us, and we gave them reverence: shall we not much rathe,r be in subjection unto

the Father of spirits, and live?"

The Sublime Answer Now ask the question, David; "What is> man that thou art

mindful of him? Or the son of man, that thou visitest him?"The

answer is: Sons of God, brothers to the Christ, sparks struck from

God's own eternal of of God! Hence, God blaze—parts him—parts

is mindful of man; hence he visits them, hence he places all things

under their feet, and gives them the high mission to multiply the inhabitants of, and to replenish, the earth, and to have dominion over it.

How blessed this doctrine! How high and lifted up it is above

the notion that man has his origin in the slime of the ocean, and the protoplasm which rises from it, until it differentiates into the various forms of life, and man comes from some one or other of the many lines that lead out from this common source of life!

Man is the Son of God

I have been thrilled in this conference by reference to that vision that the Lord gave to Abraham of the intelligences that were organized before the world itself was formed. In the great host

before the throne of God there were many noble and great ones noble and great ones! And God looked upon these spirits, "and they

were good;"and he said to Abraham: "These I will make my

rulers. Thou, Abraham, art one of them."I pray you note the

characterization of these prominent spirits—-"noble,""great,""good!"

These are characteristics that embrace all other virtues. They include

everything that could be desired in the way of character elements.

How splendid that is! Of course we, commen men, doubtless stand

far below that high level on which God placed these "noble"ones, and

But how comforting it is, and how blest it must be to—Abraham."great"ones, and "good,"in the vision he gave to one of the noblest

have the assurance that though far below, in excellence, these whom

God has selected to be his rulers, we nevertheless are brothers to them;

and in lesser degree possessing that which they possess, with the opportunity and privilege granted to us to approach if we may not attain to their excellence. Then to be brothers to to him—brothers

the Christ; and brothers to that worthy host that has been chosen to

GOD'S PURPOSE IN CREATION 237

be associated with the Christ in leadership of those things which make for the accomplishment of God's purposes with reference to the existence of man in the earth. That affords me much more comfort

though distantly relatedthan to think of man as being related—even

to the brute creation.

I close with this scripture:

"Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God; * * * and it doth

not yet appear what we shall be."That is, we cannot estimate thepossibilities growing out of that truth, and that relationship—"it

doth not appear what we shall be."Eye hath not seen, ear hath

not heard the depth and height of the glory which God designs for his children. We may not fathom it upward or downward, "It does

not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him; for we shall see him as he is. And

every man that hath this hope in him purifieth himself, even as he is pure."(I John 3:1-3.) God grant that it may be so, I pray, in

the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Book of Life

I sat alone as a recluse, And surging through my senses came

A sudden rush of the muse.

Which set my being in a flame.

It seemed to be myself, the me,

Who spake and pleaded urgently

My other Self, the Muse—my Twin

Inviting me to look within.

I turned within my searching eyes,

Which lighted up the inward view,

And magic starlight filled my skies

With 'lumination strange and new;

And what perplexed me more and more,

The muse continued as before.

I heard the story, felt the strife,

And lived again the scenes of life.

I saw myself upon the brain A photograph in miniature I heard the muse the scene explain.

In stirring rhythmic overture.

I listened, and I gazed, I knew;

For all my soul cried out: "That's you!"

I am the record of the Me, Today and in eternity!

Mesa, Arizona M. A. STEWART

TESTIMONY

Words and Music by Evan Stephens.

Moderate*. Met. 0—63.

ftljKT: -3 -A-

1. Faith is dying! Doubt's dark blighting shadows, O'er the world is casting

2. Faith is dying! Yet in halls of wisdom, Falt'ring sounds the teacher's

3. Go, proclaim ye now a - new the tidings, Je - sus Christ, the Son of

v=F- 1 rs fc

P 1/ gloom and fear; Men implor-ing heav'n and yet de - ny - ing,

voice with fear, Pray'r a mocking, while a God de - ny - ing,

God, still lives! With the Father, in the courts of glo - ry,

* ztz;ut: t -

JPitfc=ir—t—5=fc—l—17—trtr

m -d % 1 -I V 0. m—1 0—g-0-\ P- r—ft—l——

That a liv - ing God is there to hear. Saints of God, ye

None to answer—or a pray'r to hear, Saints of God, each

Speaketh yet, and free sal - va - tion gives. He and the Fa - ther

>. + +-0- - -0- -= -0-Z-g 0. * g r-- dt*, A ff "j -ttfcHrtr—p-—#jn

-v- TESTIMONY 239

'I—1-# h—* #

children of the prom - ise, Are your lamps burn - ing with with a tes - ti - mo - ny, Giv'n through the Spir - it to have been seen of mor - tals, Heard were their voic - es as

0:%?- --I yi———i—y-

-fc—-J \ h 1 1—

N- -—1- * fTm* -H 2—i—h-=?-

radiance ev - er new? Bnrning unwav'ring Thro'the darkness

lighten up the soul, Hold high your beacon, Let it bright be in the olden days; Set up His kingdom, Great and all im-

r+- *- * W9h $r f—\rc=c—=pr=g

C u 1 Lp h—y

z/ i > o a > p.

A—F-\ m H- 2H*5-s—F*—g*V-0 1 # 1 - *——|-

showing Je - sus the Savior, and God the Fa - ther true.

burning, Guiding the straying to the ce - les - tial goal.

mor - tal, Nev - pr to per - ish or dim its glor - ious rays.

A A

-I r --<- JJ I k h 1 h h Ly I* y b e 1—

Bits of Philosophy

Incitement is better than excitement.

You will never be good as long as you think you are good.

Anyhow, it is better to cry about spilt milk than to growl about it.

The substitution of "we"for "I"is the beginning of culture.

Three things are above the price of rubies: a clean body, a pure heart,

and a clear brain.

If you fear what people will say about what you say, you are apt not to say anything worth saying.

Nephi Jensen MANEATER A Tale of the Range By Albert R. Lyman

"One white foot, try 'im:

Two white feet, buy 'im:

Three white feet, deny 'im;

Four white feet and a white nose.

Take off his hide and feed 'im to the crows."

In the roar of the stampede old Galagher howled something about "horses,"and plunged out of camp. Like a flock of blackbirds taking

flight, the outfit quit its beef and hot biscuits and plunged headlong after him. All hands, the cook, the foreman, the horsewrangler, the stranger

within their gates: ropes, bridles, boots, descended the hill like spurs—they

a tangle of wild men, Bob Reddington pawing the sand just three feet in the lead.

Thus it happened that Bob had his pick of the horses, and he made straight for the great sorrel, just as a boy grabs the rosiest apple in the pan.

Because Baldy wore hobbles, and because he was approached in a sharp bend in the river, he submitted in surprise to this precipitate capture. He

surrendered to the strange master with his strange bridle, and stood till "Reddie"sprang upon his muscular back, indicating with long spurs the urgent need of haste. And then the sorrel horse simply "swallowed 'is

head"and bawled, and began traveling staccato with violent emphasis on the down stroke. Reddington landed in a dry greasewood, while the rest

of the Texas outfit dashed away after the stampede.

"Well by!"Bob gasped, looking up with admiration at the

fine form, for Baldy showed more careful attention and good looks than any horse in the outfit. The fact was, he had no connection with the

outfit, but belonged to the stranger, old Pete Tomson, who at that moment was "burning the earth"alongside of the steers on one of the outfit's rawboned cayuses.

Reddington caught the baldfaced horse again, and running his hand with admiring caress along the supple back, ventured to mount carefully, and suggested a mild start towards the vanishing cloud of dust. At the very

moment he thought the misunderstanding all over, the sorrel beauty took another convulsion and "stacked"him unceremoniously on the grass. He

tried it a third time with more care and identical results.

As the herd came back, old Tomson met Bob leading the sorrel horse.

"Why don't you ride?"asked the old man, stroking his white beard, and

showing by a strange cockeyed look on his kind face that he knew perfectly why Bob walked.

Reddy simply grinned.

"Let's change,"suggested old Peter, and dismounting, he struggled stiffly to the back of his own animal.

"Bob looked to see something happen, and then to discover why it did not happen, but the handsome sorrel pranced along with arched neck, and

Tomson rode at perfect ease.

"What'll ye take for 'im?"Reddington demanded, almost refusing

to believe his eyes, "I've got to have let 'im stack every tenderfoot 'im—I'll

that comes to camp, an'have more fun than a circus."

Old Peter stroked his beard in thoughtful hesitation, taking small

MANEATER 241

account of how Bob raised his bids with extravagant bounds. "Oh, I

couldn't part with old Baldy, no way,"the old man insisted, "an'then look at 'is four white feet—'is white nose, and that short jaw—'ed kill ye."

"But you get along with 'im,"urged Reddy, eager as a boy begging for candy. "Aye, but I know 'im."

"That's it; in a little while I'd know 'im, and be able to fool everybody.

Come on, I'll give you two rattlin'good horses and forty dollars."

Something in the offer seemed to sting old Peter, and he drew his brows together in a distressed frown. He stroked his whiskers in perplexity,

but apparently he had urgent need of cash, and seemed to argue himself into favorable consideration. From contemplating Baldy's arched neck and graceful white feet, he turned that cockeyed twinkle squarely on Bob and demanded,

"How do you treat horses?"

"The looks of them bays '11 tell ye all about my treatment,"affirmed

Reddington, triumphantly, but failed to explain that as one of the regular "hands,"he rode the horses of the outfit, leaving his'own to grow fat for such time as he might be fired, or for other causes should have to hunt new quarters.

The smooth coats of the sturdy bays seemed to appeal favorably to the old man; giving the sorrel horse a long farewell hug, and purring low tones

of endearment, he took his money and his new horses and disappeared in

Comb Wash.

Right here it is worthy of mention that, excepting Reddington's saddle, his wide hat, his sixshooter and the clothes he wore, he had given all he owned, including his wages to date, for the baldfaced horse. But oh, what

a beauty of a horse! His new master sized him up with big satisfaction.

What chest capacity! What powerful frame! He was taller and heavier and

better in every way than Foreman, Galagher's topnotcher, and that was the best animal the outfit owned.

But in his eager efforts to scrape acquaintance with and be "in on"the sorrel beauty's secret, Reddington made no progress at all. Baldy required

no bidding from him to "stack"strangers, and threw everyone who reached his back, including Reddy himself. He couldn't ride his own horse, his only

horse, for which he had given all his possessions in order to have a big laugh on the unsuspecting. And now he had brought down on himself the echoing

smile of the camp. That laugh grew louder and more annoying every time

he was "stacked,"which was every time he rode Baldy. Sometimes the

sorrel horse went half a day without making a crooked move, but he never carried himself proudly nor cheerfully, as with old Peter, and when it was least expected, often after a hard ride, he "swallered his head and left the earth"with an abruptness that assisted a man out of the saddle as a bullet is assisted through the barrel of a gun.

As the weeks passed and Baldy found in the outfit no man at all resembling old Peter, he developed new vindictiveness every day. At first he

was satisfied to pitch his master through the air, as a kitten is thrown heelsover-head from where it is found with its nose in a milkpan, but now he contrived to kick or strike his offenders, either in transit or when he had arrived in a heap on the ground.

The boys learned to line up in good view for the performance, feeling sure it was a better show every time. Even old Galagher couldn't refrain as

he waited with expectant grin to see Reddy make good his boast to "ride the brute or kill 'im."

One morning at Rincone cabins, Bob went writhing over Baldy's head, and reaching the earth on hands and knees found no time to rise, but traveled desperately on all fours through the open doorway to escape the teeth and hoofs of his shortjawed pursuer. When he slammed the old

242 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lumber door for safety, Baldy whirled and kicked it to splinters across the room. Two rods away lay Reddy's wide hat, and charging upon it with

teeth and hoofs the sorrel horse left it in four pieces. The boys climbing

on the corners of the cabin, or sitting at a safe distance in their saddles.,

howled themselves hoarse.

"Maneater!"roared old Galagher, and the name stuck like glue.

To the Texas outfit there was but one other thing in their little world quite as funny as Maneater, and that was Bob Reddington. Bob would

have fled from this galling situation, but he had no horse on which to reach another camp. More important still, he wanted to redeem his standing

with the outfit, and desperate resolution struggled in his troubled mind.

If he could but find a ringbit, he could prevent that "head swallering"movement and keep his place in the saddle.

The lineup for the show came off no more till the arrival of the ringbit, with which it was understood the fight was to be carried to death or victory. All hands waited. Maneater's beady eyes betrayed awful

wrath as he stood shaking his head in torture, when Reddy seized the saddlehorn with his right hand, gripped the headstall with his left and swung to the saddle with all possible violence. "Now go it, ye stockin'-footed hyena,"

he exulted, ramming his long spurs in the back cinch, and holding Baldy's head erect with savage hand. The disappointment of the outfit was

exactly to Bob's relish.

Holding himself in readiness all forenoon, he caught Maneater three times trying to "start something,"and each time he did terrible execution to that short jaw, and stained his spurs with fresh blood. Baldy's highstrung spirit had never been conquered by force, yet for six hours he had

carried this savage creature on his back against his will; his anguish showed

in the unnatural white of his eyes, and he called to the inventive powers of his horsesoul for means of escape.

Without a moment's warning he rose on his hind feet, and threw himself backward full length on the ground. By desperate effort Bob missed

the descending horn of the saddle, but the cantle caught his leg under the sorrel horse's weight, leaving him powerless to rise. Springing up in

triumph Maneater would have settled his steelshod hoofs in his writhing master, but one of the boys dashed to the rescue wjth a heavy lariat.

No one rode Baldy to camp; they led him. The foreman sent out a

horse for Reddy in the evening, and he lay helpless on his blankets in the cabin the next three weeks. Part of this time Baldy rested, hiding with

lowered head among the other horses when they were being roped in the corral, and feeling no doubt that he had found a new means of escape.

Before the end of the three weeks, a Buck Summers drifted into camp, and hearing Bob's story agreed not only to ride the sorrel horse, but to cure him of his latest trick. Arming himself with heavy quirt and strong

spurs, Buck reached the saddle without trouble. He held Baldy's white

nose at a safe elevation with the Ringbit, grinning his big teeth into view under a moprag mustache with perfect assurance of victory. When Baldy

threw himself backward with all possible force, Buck feared neither the horn nor the cantle, but alighting with skilful purpose on Maneater's head, gripped his nose to prevent him from rising, and then beat him with that heavy, quirt till the sorrel head was a shapeless mass of cuts and bruises.

When Buck mounted again the trick was repeated and the beating followed.

After trying his trick the third time with the same result, Maneater stumbled meekly along under his new conqueror, too blind to know or care where he went. "He'll never try that stunt again,"Buck declared, as he brought Baldy

'back, slow and dejected to the convalescent Bob. and he never did. When

Buck mounted him next morning with that moprag grin, they went but

MANEATER 243

half a mile before Baldy kicked Buck's foot as it rested in the right stirrup.

"Hugh, ve think that's new to me?"grinned Summers, proudly assuming

to know horses from A to Z. for the blow had landed with poor effect on

the heavy heel of his boot, and caused no pain. Dismounting he cut a

thick club from a Cottonwood, and carried it in his hand. When Maneater

tried to kick again in less than ten minutes, the green club camie down with heavy thud on his white ankle, leaving him to travel for some distance on three feet, and to limp sadly the rest of the day. His ankle swelled to an

awkward lump, and he never kicked at the stirrup again.

Three days later, with the sorrel horse too lame to ride, and Reddy barely able to hobble to the corral and watch the fellows catch their horses,

Summers stepped over the bars with a lariat, grinning his big teeth to sight under that clot of a mustache, yet with no thought of catching the sorrel horse. But Maneater had recovered his sight in one eye fairly well after the

beating, and recognizing his deadly antagonist he dropped his ears back 'on his neck, rushed from the jam of cayuses around him, and caught Buck s shoulder in the firm grip of his short jaw. All his fury for revenge would

have been satisfied to the limit in a few seconds, but the boys drove him off with clubs. As it was Summers had to go post haste to a hospital in

Durango, and he never returned.

Baldy still carried a swollen head, a milky film over one eye, and a lame hind foot, when Reddington recovered sufficiently to catch him without getting bitten or kicked. With Buck's terrible teachings, the sorrel horse

carried Bob, seemingly resigned to the inevitable. But he never pranced nor

took a proud step as with old Tompson, and somewhere beneath his desperate eye, or in the brain centers represented by his short jaw, he mustered the bitter elements of his unbroken resolution.

Six days he limped meekly forward under his despotic lord, unable to buck because of the ringbit, fearing to fall backward for memory of the quirt, and refraining from assault for want of opportunity. Bob swore

he would ride him every day to keep him in subjection. His painful progress over the rough hillsides showed how nearly his hoofs were worn to the

quick, but no one had courage or inclination to fit him with shoes, and no one wanted them on his dangerous feet. Once his powerful hind hoof had

missed old Galagher's knee by a short inch, and all hands feared and hated him like a can of dynamite.

On the seventh day of his continuous service, with every other man riding a fresh horse, Bob started with them on Maneater across Kigaly Point.

The trail led zigzag at sharp angles down the steep mountainside into

Peavine Canyon, for the earth is too nearly on edge for its thick brush to grow upright, and a trail going straight down would of necessity be "slantindicular."

The sorrel horse made the first mild elbows of the trail, apparently dejected enough, but like the professional gambler who holds his trump card calmly with lying face for the opportune moment, he was all alive and expectant within. At the most diabolical point on the whole dizzy

altitude he whirled straight down from the narrow way, and took a breakneck header towards the distant bottom. It was hairraising! How far he

went would be hard to tell, and more hard to believe, but he alighted on his feet with Reddington still in the saddle, though frozen with terror.

Gathering himself quickly among the sliding rock and tangle of brush, he left the earth again, neck or nothing, landing far down the mountain on a broken ledge, over which he rolled, crashing into a jungle of oak. Finding

himself free below the oak, he picked his way to the foot of the hill and headed madly down the canyon.

When the furious Reddy assembled himself from this chaos, he mounted a rock with poison resolution and emptied his revolver in Maneater's direc244 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion with all possible accuracy, but the report of the gun died away in the solitude, and the flying figure disappeared in a grove of maple.

After a long chase the boys brought Baldy back, and late in the afternoon

Bob led him down over the hill to camp at the old Kigaly cabin, trying to focus all his insane wrath on some improved method of punishment.

Three great spruce trees used to stand in front of the old cabin, in fact they may still be seen in decay along the hillside, and spanning the little stream where they have fallen. Between these giant pines the whitefooted

outlaw was made fast with three lariats, and then Reddington climbed up with an axe, and chopping off the huge limbs, let them fall with cruel force on the frantic horse. The desperate captive writhed and struggled, bawling

out such imprecations of rage as his horseinstincts had given him, and pleasing Reddy immensely with every expression of pain.

Though Maneater received some terrible bumps, especially on his withers which was never fully right again, he sustained no broken bones, and might have made fair recovery with civilized treatment. But his treatment grew

worse. Tied by a strong rope to a tree he stood long hours with nothing

to eat or drink. When he was moved it was but to starve and choke somewhere else, till he became a walking skeleton. Too impoverished to register

effective resistance, Bob could hold him with one hand and wrench the savage ringbit in his jaws with supreme torture. Reddington rode him as

far as he could go in a day, and tied him fast at night. He whipped him,

he rammed the sharp rowels of his long spurs into Baldy's bony shoulders, and viewed the twin kidneysores with exultant smile. He cursed Maneater

to himself, and to everyone with patience to listen.

Early in October Bob was fired; the show had lost its novelty. Tired

of his riding a giveout horse, ashamed of his appearance, and sick of Maneater's manners, old Galagher had reached the limit of his patience.

With no further right to the horses of the outfit, and no money to buy a pony of his own, Reddy could go on Maneater or a-foot, and he waited there a week for Baldy to gather a little strength before starting. A week

made small difference to the sorrel horse, pining his life away, but the outfit would tolerate him no longer in camp, and saddling up he started alone for North Elk.

On the steep trail leading put of the Notch, the old horse staggered beneath him, and dismounting, Reddington tried to lead him by the reins, but Baldy dragged along so feebly, and seemed so near ready to drop, Bob hung the reins over the saddlehorn, leaving the horse to pick his own way up the hill while he followed. Once free. Maneater climbed too fast for his

panting master, and when ordered in hard tones to stop, he broke into a weak trot, disappearing over the hilltop above.

The furious Reddv climbed desperately, his mouth a fountain of wrathful threats, but with small hope of overtaking the runaway. At the

top of the hill he took up the track with feverish strides, and if that track had stayed in the trail he might have been hunting it still. But the despondent fugitive turned off towards the rim of Dark Canyon and in a grove of

oak he caught his reins on a crooked knot, compelling him to await his frenzied pursuer.

"Oh, ye will, will ye?"hissed the perspiring Reddington as he came

up, at the same moment stooping for a heavy stick at his feet. Baldy knew

exactly what it meant, and before that stick could come down across his weary head, he lunged to the limit of his rein and reached Bob's hip with his front foot. Then focussing all his depleted strength in a quick turn,

he would have finished the job with his heels, but Bob rolled and struggled beyond his reach, and lay raving and helpless against a tree.

Snatching his sixshooter from his hip he aimed straight at Maneater's head, but he was far from help and off the he had hesitated—he trail—when

killed the horse the next and only thing would be to kill himself. "No, by

MANEATER 245

!"he groaned, lowering his gun, I'll put myself out of it, but you

can hang right there and starve!"

With trembling fingers he examined the old gun carefully to be sure that its word should be final, and cocking it he placed the cool muzzle against his hot temple. Quick footsteps caught his hoofbeats of ear—the

a rider hurried towards him following the track he had made to horse—a

the place. It was old Peter Tomson.

Straight to Maneater he rode, looking neither right nor left, and the old sorrel uttered a low and longdrawn-out whinney of glad recognition, turning his poor scarified head as far around as the reins would permit.

Peter dropped from his saddle and threw his stiff old arms around the lean neck, while Baldy still "nickered"in low, friendly tones, nestling his long bony head against Tomson's dusty denims shirt.

"My poor Baldy!"moaned the old man, leaning his grizzled face

against the tangled mane, "I'm ashamed of to the bone,"and it—ashamed

his voice sounded decidedly husky. He ran his stiff fingers over the scabs

of vicious spurthrusts in the shrunken shoulder, he noted the old wound on the withers, he discovered the lame foot, and every trace of abuse from ears to hoofs. Hardly deigning to see the prostrate Bob groaning loud for recognition he released the laragos and lifted the saddle and blankets with care;

the great kidneysores met his quick glance. He shook his head slowly

and painfully and almost groaned. And all the time, the old man talked

on in low and penitent tones as if his old friend could understand, and that friend rubbed his withered white nose against the old man's sleeve, breathing forth that pleading sound which horses often employ to beg for grain after it is brought in sight. "Well, sir—"blurted the old man, turning squarely on Reddie with

that cockeyed twinkle in a firmness never to be misunderstood, "I've heard

Baldy's solemn testimony, I'm ready for yours."

"He struck me,"Bob groaned, hoping his point would carry.

"How many times have you struck him since last May?"old Peter

demanded, but Reddington dropped his jaw and looked his wrath in silence.

"I've heard all about it,"Peter proceeded, "and Baldy's testimony confirms the worst I've heard, and more. I've come for this horse!"

"Give me anything I can ride, and he's yours."

"I'll give you the price, but never a horse of mine again."

"What good'll the price do me? I want something to carry me away

from here,"and Reddington felt desperate enough to go on with his killing.

"Look'e here, I struck the Texas outfit half an hour after you left, and found 'em in a bad way. They'd had a row and two men had quit. They

sent a horse with me for you to ride, andwant you back mighty bad—theythey'll raise ye ten dollars a month.; The horse is tied up with my outfit

where you left the trail."

Exultant that old Galagher needed him so soon, Bob determined to leave them in the lurch, but old Peter couldn't be moved.

"You've got to go back,"he insisted with emphasis, "ye couldn't ride

Baldy any more even if I'd let ye, and I wouldn't let ye ride 'im againif ye could. I'll pay the cash, but I'm goin'to have 'im. Name yer price."

"Would ten dollars be too much?"Reddington faltered, looking af

the most wretched horse he could remember.

"Ten dollars!"the old man snorted, "Huh!"he sniffed in disdain, and

Bob was about to ask if five would be too much. "I'd never insult Baldy

by any such beggar's valuation. I'll give ye forty dollars in gold. That's

a small fraction of what he's worth, but I'll pay the rest to him in personal service."He took the saddle from his own sleek pony and adjusted it carefully 'Then he tookon Maneater's back, putting Bob's saddle on his own pony.

the bridle from Baldy's head and thrust the ringbit in hot disgust towards 246 'IMPROVEMENT ERA

Bob, while his cockeyed twinkle fairly sparkled with wrath. "I'd blush to

be found dead with such an infernal thing as that!"he hissed, and unbuckling it from the headstall and the reins, he threw the bit far out over

the rim of the canyon to be lost in the jungle of brush and trees below.

"Now take off yer spurs,"he commanded, no compromise in his tone, and when he had assisted the groaning Reddy to the pony's back, he led the way on his rescued Baldy back to the trail.

And wouldn't it just beat the dickens? Maneater arched his lean old

neck, and lifted his stocking feet with a pride never known since the Rincone stampede, while old Tompson sat up in the saddle contemplating him with joy and regret. He said little to Bob, though he enquired the origin of

each scar, shaking his head in shame and disgust at every new detail. Bob

blamed Buck Summers all he could, but he found it impossible to talk in any but hangdog tones, and didn't dare once to say how much it pained him to ride.;

With forty dollars in his pocket, Bob watched old Peter disappear over the hill, not riding Maneater, but allowing him to travel by his side in all the joy of a colt restored to its mother. As for the old man, he contemplated

that scarified old sorrel horse seemingly too much absorbed to take account of anything else.

When Reddy joined the Texas outfit again that evening, for he found himself too hungry and helpless to head for any place more distant, he had money in his pocket, he had no offending Maneater, he drew greater wages, held higher rank, and began to take a new view of life. Better still, he

discovered, as the soreness went out of his hip, that the sorrel horse had been bombarding him with truths which old Peter had but rubbed in with telling effect in few words.

Autumn and winter came and went, and spring found Bob still in the employ of the outfit and at perfect peace with every horse he rode. Early

in July the foreman took all hands to Deer Flat to run down two of their best saddle horses which had been running there with a band of wild "boomtails"since March. Early in the day they stationed themselves along the

trail, and the chase began with excitement and hope. Each relay in its turn

"burned the earth"in the dust of the flying mustangs, getting near enough to see the two renegades with heads and tails erect in the lead. The possibility of cutting them off, and roping them seemed ever too near to admit

of any stop for dinner, and every man urged his horse to the utmost when the wild things came round.

But the thundering hand succeeded twice before noon in getting away among the trees and rocks and taking a breathing spell before the outfit could adjust to the change and keep them in motion. Once the "boomtails"

evaded one relay of riders completely, leading another a horsekilling distance before it was relieved.

At four in the afternoon, the chase resolved itself into a last chance; the

capture had to be made in the upper end of the flat where the band was due to appear, and where it would try to make a mad rush for the cedars. If

that every man was sure, and equally sure that the brute beneath him—ofthey reached the cedars again, the day was lost. It was the supreme moment

was about on its last legs till after a night's rest. The men, scattered along

two miles of sagebrush flat, toiled eagerly for the point where the thing was to happen, Bob and two others a good quarter in the lead.

When the mustangs appeared from a ravine with reaching noses and flyir? tils. Reddv and his two associates spurred up to head them from

the trees to a wide circle in the open. It was no use. The wild things

drove straight ahead while the three men came to a panting stop on a little knoll. Behind them they saw the dust of Galagher and the boys laboring

MANEATER 247

forward in vain, for the band was headed full tilt for the cedars a mile to the west.

Then half a mile away a lone horseman appeared riding at furious clip must have been thetowards the band as if he meant to head them—it

foreman, but how he got there, and what he thought he could do alone, was a mystery. The three watched from the knoll, and the others came wearily

up from behind to stop in exhaustion. The tenth one to arrive was Galagher

himself, and the mist of the mystery grew thick before them. All ten

watched with bated breath, their horses too near dead to go further.

it The.little speck caught up with the big dust and turned—then

turned again and seemed to divide.

"You right sure it was a horseman?"demanded old Galagher.

"Absolutely sure!"affirmed the three.

"It must a been a mirage,"scowled the foreman, trying to make out that disturbance in the distance. "It does beat!"

Then they could make out that big dust, like a comet with a dark head, was moving into the cedars, and a doubtful cloud now and then indicated the direction it had taken.

But an animated knot of something remained still out in the sagebrush after the dust had cleared away. That knot had in it a white spot

most of the boys could make out the spot clearly. Then they reached

unanimous decision that the knot was approaching.

"Well I'll be!"swore the foreman, as voice for the other nine.

it was The dark speck grew to be a horseman—-or two horsemen—no,

one hosreman leading two horses, a dark horse and a light horse. As he

emerged from the mist of distance, the rider could be seen to have a whitebeard, and his horse a white face. It was Peter Tomson—-behind him he

ittowed the two renegades on the ends of his lariat. And he rode—was

really? No mistake, it. was Maneater, sleek and fine, neatly shod and

muscled like Samson.

"Well by gum!"snorted old Galagher, again as voice for the outfit,

running his fingers in his towseled hair as if afraid his eyes had deceived him, "How in did ye do it?"

"How did I do it?"old Peter repeated in great calmness, and a cockeyed twinkle of tremendous satisfaction, "First of all, I have here exactly the

kind of a horse for which King Richard offered his whole blamed kingdom and any other little item which might be mentioned."Stroking his white

beard with his stiff old hand, he contemplated the chestnut arch of Baldy's massive neck in great satisfaction. "I knew you wanted these ponies mighty

bad, and when I saw by the tracks this morning that ye was hazin''em around, I went back to the ranch and changed horses. Guessed you fellers

watched me rope saw how I ran all over 'em and got 'em so 'em—you

badly hoodooed they just gave up till I took all I wanted out of the band and let 'em go."

They gathered around the splendid sorrel horse with open mouths.

Dim scars could be traced on his head, his withers, and his right hind foot, but his short jaw gripped a mild bit, and no spurs hung on the old man's heels. Expressions of surprise and admiration could be heard from every one.

"It's Maneater, sure enough!"

In that Texas outfit the big horse saw or heard something to arouse memories and feelings fixed deep in his powerful being: his upright ears

dropped back on his glossy mane, the white of his fiery eyes became strangely visible, and ten men drew back with instincts of fear. But old Tomson

purred something in an undertone, patting the plump shoulder, and Baldy resumed his wonted poise with soldierlike discipline.

"Name yer price,"sang out old Galagher in high spirits.

"No use talking to me, affirmed the old man with lines of cockeyed firmness all over his wrinkled face, and facing them in indignant defiance;

248 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"when I struck you fellers at Rincone, I was in trouble and needed money, but no man's gold and no man's promise will part this horse from me again!"

"Oh, I meant to ask,"the foreman hastened to explain, "what do we owe you for bringing in these runaways?"

"Well, that's different,"and old Peter had cooled perceptibly, "As to these ponies, I'm glad ye got 'em. All I want is for this outfit, and one man

in particular, to take off his hat to a real horse."

"Hurrah for sorrel Baldy!"yelled old Galagher, swinging his wide

Stetson. "Whoohoopee!"howled ten voices with deafening emphasis, and while

the sound floated far out over the dry sagebrush of Deer Flat, ten wide hats waved genuine admiration for the invincible Maneater.

Miklovie Ranch, Blanding, Utah.

The Crag

I have watched the eagles soar aloft,

I've watched the racing stream—

I see the clouds sail overhead,

The shadow's dark, the sunlight's gleam.

For many years, tall, gaunt, I've stood,

Sustaining the stately pines And in my sides geologists Have delved in search of mines.

The mountain storms have swept me o'er,

Deep snows have on me lain;

The clouds hang 'round my rugged brow,

I'm drenched with washing rain.

man, thou tiny creature frail,

With thy short span of life;

How futile thou compared with me,

How vain thy world of strife!

For centuries past I've watched the world,

And will for more to come, 1 have lived and seen and scanned man's ways,

How can he be so dumb?

If these small minds could live and learn

As much as I have known, They then would model new their lives

And taste of peace unknown.

They view the streams run from my sides,

My snowcapped towers see I vision all, their faults I know;

Less blameless they than leaf or tree.

Aye, man is but a puny thing, With all his earthly frills;

O, that he were tender, wise and strong,

As are the rugged hills!

Boneta, Utah WARD EVANS A VISIT TO THE HOME OF HAWAII'S

LEPER PATIENTS Beautiful Kalaupapa By William M. Waddoups, President of the Hawaiian

Temple On the evening of October 2, 1925, President Eugene J. Neff

of the Hawaiian mission of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, James Kaulia, a local elder of the Church, residing in Honolulu, and I, embarked on the little interisland steamer Likelike for a week's visit among the branches of the Church on the island of Molokai.

Early on the morning of the 3rd, we were awakened from our struggling nightmare on board the little old pitching, bucking Liketike, by the fullvoiced clarion call of a dozen chanticleers in the distance. After hurriedly dressing we discovered that our boat had suddenly ceased its broncholike antics, and that we were peacefully resting in the little rockbound harbor of Kalaupapa.

We did not wait for breakfast (meals, by the way, on the interisland steamers are plentiful, and the food high class) but took the first row boat to shore. (The water near the landing is not sufficiently deep to permit the steamer to land alongside the wharf.) We

were met at the landing by the genial young superintendent of Kalau1papa, R. L. Cooke, who, after examining our board of health permits, personally conducted us to the pleasant, comfortable quarters maintained for the convenience of those whose business admits them to

visit the colony. After a bounteous breakfast, Superintendent Cooke

turned the community keys over to us and graciously permitted us to visit where and when we pleased. I shall attempt to tell in this

article what we found and the impression it made upon us.

Kalaupapa is a little jutting promontory on the windward side of the island of Molokai, and on clear days is in plain view from the island of Oahu, only six or seven hours sailing from the city of Honolulu. This promontory is completely protected from encroachment

or association with the rest of the world, being washed by the waters of the Pacific on three sides, and shut in on the fourth by a thousand foot perpendicular mountain, with only one small foot trail leading dizzily to its ferncovered top.

On the promontory, consisting of about 5,000 acres, is located one of the most unique villages in the world. Here live the unfortunate leper patients collected and segregated from the population of the

entire Hawaiian Island Territory. At the last report of the Board of

Health there were 485 patients in this leper settlement of the following nationalities: American 1, Belgian 1, Chinese 11, Cuban 1,

Filipino 25, German 4, Hawaiian 270, Japanese 32, Korean 13, part 250 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hawaiian 96, Porto Rican 4, and Portugese 27. Of these, 324 are

males and 161 females, the males very greatly predominating.

Living conditions here are pleasant and agreeable. Separate individual homes are furnished for those who desire to continue the

family circle relation. In many cases husband and wife are both residents of the settlement. These homes are comfortable and sanitary,

ample domestic water being provided. Those who prefer to live in

community homes are given suitable housing in Unit Homes built and properly equipped for the purpose by the funds of the Territory. The

Baldwin Home is an institution for boys and single men. Women

and girls are cared for in the Bishop Home. Bay View Home is maintained for advanced cases. All small children under one year are

cared for in the Nursery.

The settlement is* equipped with a hospital for bedridden patients, a dispensary, a dental parlor, an injection room, and facilities for hot medicinal baths for those who desire them. The Board of Health is

attempting as much as possible to keep hospital accommodations and equipment commensurate with the needs of the patients.

The spiritual needs of the people are amply and liberally cared for. The Catholic, the Calvin, and the "Mormon"organizations all

have suitable meeting houses', and each are given the support of the administration in conducting the affairs of their congregations.

There are few villages in any community which are better cared for socially than the Kalaupapa settlement. Several musical organizations keep the community enlivened with good music and song.

Free weekly motion picture shows'are given, in a hall amply provided with seating accommodations, that would be the pride of any small city in America.

Dances are given on a good floor with good music, at frequent intervals. There is in the town amusement hall a municipal radio

receiver, giving free radio concerts three times per week. These concerts are distributed by extension loudspeaker equipment to the various Unit Homes, so that the bedridden, the blind, the lame and the

sick may enjoy a little invisible association with the outside world.

This community prefers to tune in with Honolulu and enjoy the radio concerts given by their own people, but several of the more powerful mainland stations are well received. The present superintendent (he has been in office only a few months) personally installed

the radio equipment two years ago, which incidentally brought him in touch with the colony and the administration, and resulted directly in his selection as superintendent.

It will be interesting to the reader to know that the municipal affairs of the settlement are conducted entirely by the residents themselves. A police officer and a district magistrate, selected from their

number, interpret and enforce the law. The administration stands

solidly behind them in maintaining the peace, and punishing the offender. Not only is this a distinct municipality, but it makes, exeHAWAII'S LEPER PATIENTS 251

cutes and enforces its own laws, and does not need the help of any outside officers of the law. They efficiently handle the difficult prohibition question and all other matters of law enforcement.

The rationing of this large settlement is no small matter. A

well fed community is usually a well contented community, and judging from the peace and contentment we found here this important feature is well cared for.

Poi is the staple and principal food of these people and perhaps the most wholesome and best suited food for the climate. Seventeen

pounds of poi is given to each person per week. If they do not desire

this amount of poi they may exchange the poi card for any other article of equal value at the settlement store. Enough beef, pork, fish

or other meat to meet the needs is supplied each person. Approximately

twelve head of beef or the equivalent are slaughtered each week. In

addition to this most of the residents have their own flocks of chickens, piga, and vegetable and fruit gardens to supply their tables. All are

well provided with boats, nets and fishing tackle to take the fish from the ocean at their doors. An ample allowance of matches, coal oil,

soap, salt, etc., is made. In addition to this a weekly grocery allowance of $ 1 and a yearly clothing allowance of $ 1 6 is made to each

inmate. These items are supplied at the Kalaupapa store.

Employment is furnished to all who wish to work, and are able to work. The average monthly payroll is $4,000. This amount is

paid to inmates engaged zs carpenters, nurses, cooks, stewards, butchers, blacksmiths, electricians, drivers, road workers and live stock workers.

The salaries range from $65 per month downward, the average being about $1.25 per day. These earnings the inmates may use as they

wish. You will note that these salaries in addition to thei regular

rations, make of these people real independent capitalists. In addition to this a liberal cash allowance is given to the blind and

indigent inmates that the little niceties and luxuries of,life may not be entirely lacking. All inmates of Unit Homes do not share

in these rations as their food is all cooked and served to them either in their own rooms, if bedridden or indigent, or at the community table of the homes. The laundry and mending of the clothes of the

inmates of the various homes are also cared for.

The residents here in this village own 25 automobiles for their own private use, purchased with their own private funds. Most of

them have their own horses and saddles and all dress fully as well or better than the average person in the other villages and towns of the territory.

They have their own base ball teams and other organizations for mutual amusement and recreation. All in all, they are a happy, contented, prosperous, peaceable community of people. Sufferers, yes;

but happily resigned to an apparently incurable condition. They receive all, in reason, that medical skill, territorial funds, and a wholesome humane interest on the part of the administration can supply.

252 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Our work of the Church, under the personal direction of Elder

John Bright, has been well and efficiently handled. Our members arc

real Latterday Saints and have won the confidence and trust of the administration. We have a membership of 90 in the settlement. Elder

Bright will soon leave the settlement, his wife who was a sufferer with leprosy having recently died. Elder Nahulu Eleakala has been assigned

to succeed him as president of Kalaupapa. We have no better Latterday Saints in the mission than those living in the unfortunate, yet

happy, Kalaupapa Leper Settlement.

I cannot close this short article without a word of praise and commendation to those actively engaged at Kalaupapa in managing and caring for the needs of those unfortunately forced by sickness"to live there.

R. L. Cooke, the efficient superintendent, is a navy man, having

worked up from deck sweeper to a commission in U. S. naval forces.

He is a farmer, having been raised on a farm. He is a radio expert

and served in the late world war in that division of the service. He

is not only a successful superintendent but a.sympathetic friend to

every inmate, an executive and a wise counselor. To him we owe

much for the.success and pleasure of our visit.

Dr. Geo. H. Huddy, himself a part Hawaiian, left a large private dental practice, to devote his whole time to the unfortunate inmates of Kalaupapa, Kalihi Hospital and the Insane Asylum. Dr.

Huddy deserves much praise for his unselfish devotion to the comfort and good of the sufferers of his people.

Dr. Harold K. Marshall, an experienced Leperologist, is in charge

of the medical division of the Kalaupapa Leper Settlement.

Laie, Oahu, T. H.

A Plea

Dreams will come, and live, and go. The tears were made for laughter

Throughout the endless years; An evidence of joy,

We'll read their meaning later As well as sorrow's portion;

'Mid sorrows, joys or tears. For that, let's them employ.

Life is but a little span; Then life will glide the smoother,

No one can tell how brief. Cur days can then be free

Then banish cares with sunshine, Of petty pouts and frownings

Sweet smiles to drown the grief. And lack of sympathy.

Life's meaning will be clearer,

Our hearts will be at rest, As children of God we then Should strive to do our best.

Corvallis, Oregon. CLARK GOLDEN.

THE OLD RAILROAD BRIDGE OVER THE SNAKE AT AMERICAN FALLS

THE AMERICAN FALLS DAM AND PROJECT

By Hyrum Kay The city of American Falls, Idaho, is destined to play an important role in the development and reclamation of the great area of Southern Snake River Valley. This city with its two thousand

inhabitants and all its industrial and commercial and residential ramifications and activities have been moved to higher ground about a mile away from its first location, at a cost of great sums of money. The

purpose is to give place to one of the largest reserviors in the United

States, the waters of which will irrigate thousands of acres of heretofore unwatered land in the valleys and mesas of the Snake River valley. The mad Snake River of the Rocky Mountains has been

lassoed, conquered and harnessed to increase future agricultural output of a vast region, and to do the will of man. The dam will make

available for farms, thousands of acres of the most fertile lands in the state.

Western American history began, so to speak, within a stone's throw of American Falls, when the famous Fort Hall was established in the summer of 1834. The Fort Hall site, like the lowlying part

of the moved city, will be inundated when the great dam is completed.

A fresh water lake will cover its historic "bottoms,"a distance of approximately eight by eighteen miles. Soon a monumental electric

shaft will mark the spot where the historic old Fort Hall stood.

American Falls, Idaho, is one of the numerous young cities of the great Western areas. Fort Hall was its father, and Pocatello its

younger brother. They are still on the old farm located by Nathaniel

J. Weyeth, of Boston, who chose the junction of the lowlying bottoms

of the Portneuf and Snake rivers for a trapper's camp and fort, in the summer of 1834. He named Fort Hall after Mr. Hall, also of Boston,

who outfitted Weyeth for a consignment of trappers'and traders'supplies, which, however, the consignee refused. This forced Weyeth

to camp and try the game of trapping himself. He failed and sold

the outfit, fort and all, to the Hudson Bay Fur Company, a British concern, which by right of discovery and occupation held dominion 254 IMPROVEMENT ERA

over the fur industry from Hudson's Bay, in Canada, to the southflowing streams of Idaho, with headquarters at Montreal. They

controlled a territory sixteen hundred miles in extent. Their opposition to competitors forced Weyeth out of business. At the beginning

of the nineteenth century, Uncle Sam and John Bull were sparring over a great area of mysterious, untraveled and practically unknown land. Uncle Sam was feeling his way westward, prospecting for

opportunities, and in the effort discovered himself trespassing upon foreign Mexico, and England. Believing in service territory—Spain,

and fair play, and carrying the big stick, speaking softly, but fighting when necessary for his rights, made hisj victorious way westward.

The main outpost of this period was in St. Louis, Missouri, a

distance from Fort Hall westward of about twelve hundred miles.

American men of mettle, by chosen appointment, succeeded in crossing the mighty Rocky Mountains at two passes. The South Pass

eventually became the old Oregon Trail, with the great Snake river a barrier to wagon transportation, and Fort Hall as the end of the wagon trail to the far western outpost.

American Falls, Fort Hall, Pocatello, Ross Fork, merge in history, and are near the 45th meridian and about 112 longitude. American

Falls has an altitude of 4,347 feet and lies twentyfive miles southwest of Pocatello, and about fifteen miles south of the site of old Fort

Hall. Ross Fork, the headquarters of the Fort Hall Indian Reservation, and the home of the Bannock, Shoshone and Lemhi Indians, is

located on Ross Fork Creek, twelve miles north of Pocatello, and is named after Alexander Ross, a Scotchman, chevalier of the old school, hunter, early explorer and writer. He found a tribe of Indians on the

plains of Idaho who made cornmeal cakes similar to the bannock cakes of Scotland, and therefore, he called the Indians by that name. He is

known as a good mixer in the tribal socials of the Red Men, having taught the Shoshone maidens the old Scotch reel. He is said occasionally to have donned a suit of medieval armor and performed startling

stunts, to the great wonder of the natives.

Southern Idaho has distinct and well recognized geological aspects.

In remote days, it was the boiling place of a score of volcanoes'which changed its original contour and left a hardened bed of lava, forty miles wide and forty miles long. Later, the historic Lake Bonneville, burst

its bounds and rushed through the channels, now the bed of the

Portneuf river and the Snake, and on to the Pacific ocean. It took

ages for Mother Nature to reforest the burnt area and clothe it in flowers and verdure; but the soil is fertile, though largely lava ashes,

and there are elements here, when combined with our marvelous air and sunshine, that can sustain a great nation of people. Our mountains

are our treasure houses.

All about this part of the country, remain evidences of antique races, discoveries of relics which in themselves would make interesting reading, as would the tracing of the name. "Snake,"as.

3 TOto <;3 d.o 4 CUSrf

S 3 S "3 *d D. 3",-, OQ < 3 O—

3 oq <! W g.

re y 3.: w W w'rt O

Si r-tre -'re'-I re< KJ7! a

nnrj i-i M tra Su nO "tj cu m >H re to 5 3 Q 33"* S >o ro STHXm ft S-'dra 5'Ch o H.2,mo

COCn >—w O

rO O 3 zo o <-* 3 ro -t, "H "—9. TO O-O DCm

<< re rt J., T o i-r* m tt t-t TO &J rt

to n ff i->. w a> OO Oi-h *"rt tj <, 2 >- re oQ*j3

sM3ii > to trTO -, TO3 aEfto Ww re -—a

TOre K- T reOff"CO r-t w tr to p o s*ro 3 sn>z tr -h o c 3

TO CL rt w HT BJ3 > wrt re tr cl V- { trTO >rr p -/a 13 TO,

O P CU cj j i—

3 3- ff"re rt - g, 3 2.-h -ff,-,2C O to3rt tao S<S g B *>

O 3 W

*5 n S 3 f*

S ro?.oq < a re n 2 n& C"3 TOid rt,-. rt M. <j go n tr 3.

cr re S*3re '3 v 256 IMPROVEMENT ERA

applied to the river, the valley, the Indians. The river course was

named for the Snake Indians who were very numerous along its banks and plateaus.

Fort Hall, a fur trading station, founded in 1834 by Nathaniel

J. Weyeth, born 1802, is the spot where civil government commenced

and religion made its first stand in the midcontinental Oregon country, thus blazing the way for the old Oregon Trail. There are

tentative plans afoot to erect an electrically lighted memorial shaft, resembling a lighthouse, on the spot in the new lake where Fort Hall was located. Nothing remains of the old fort save a ditch which was

once used as a rifle pit or moat. The site was relocated, and a marker

placed on the spot on July 27, 1919.

The American Falls dam, with its reclamation project, will cover the historic spot with a lake of water approximately eight by eighteen miles in size. The dam will impound 1,700,000 acre feet of water.

The whole population of American Falls numbers 2,200. There

were eight churches, two schools, eightyfour business concerns, one electric power plant, one flour mill and the Union Pacific railroad, all of which have been removed to higher ground, and the old town site will be covered with water. The new town site was built at a

cost to the Government of $400,000, and the new American Falls is one of the model cities of the West, including eight miles of new sidewalks, seven miles of sewers, nine miles of water mains and twelve miles of graded and graveled streets. A public square and park, nine

acres in extent, forms the center of the town site, around which will be built churches, public buildings, court house, city hall, library and apartment houses. The improved area of the new town covers three

hundred acres and is divided into 867 lots free of bonded indebtedness of all kinds. Water is supplied from a new reservoir with a capacity

of 1,500,000 gallons pumped from a large fresh spring on the west side of the reservoir. The site was planned by Mr. Russell V. Black,

expert city planner. The old town was to be entirely vacated by

December, 1925.

The work on the dam is a state enterprise, although the leadership of individuals has proved an important factor. D. F. Banks,

engineer in charge, and an employee of the Government Reclamation

Service, assisted by Barry Dibble, supervised the damconstruction.

A feature of the mammoth enterprise was the raising of the O. S. L.

railroad bridge, spanning the great Snake river twentytwo feet without any delay to transcontinental trains. Hydraulic jacks were

used. Another local feature has been the gradual moving of the

Idaho Power Company's plant from the west side of the river to the east side where it now stands like a castle on the Rhine, in modern attire, distributing 200,000 capacity horsepower.

The length of the American Falls dam is 5,227 feet, 83 feet high, width at base 75 feet. The area covered by water is sixtyone thousand

acres in the reservoir which is twentyfive miles long with an average width of three and onehalf miles and having a capacity of 1,700,000

THE AMERICAN FALLS DAM 257

acre feet storage. This reserves 500,000 acre feet for other new projects, namely: Shoshone project, the Minidoka extension, the Empire

District and the Fort Hall project, the latter being tributary to American

Falls, and a part of it is now under irrigation. Irrigation water may

be obtained at $5 per acre foot. The actual cost of the dam and

necessary right of way will approximate $7,000,000.

The dam and reclamation project was dedicated July 13, 1925, the cornerstone of the dam being laid at 10 a. m., by Elwood Mead,

U. S. Commissioner of Reclamation. Addresses were made by Hubert

Work, Secretary of Interior; Elwood Mead, Senator W. E. Borah,

Gov. Charles C. Moore of Idaho, and Gov. George H. Dern of Utah,

and Chief Tea Pobriko of the Bannock Tribe, who spoke in his native tongue. Pobriko, in full regalia, made his address which has been

interpreted and reproduced as followsi:

SACRIFICE OF THE INDIANS BY CHIEF TEA POBRIKO "Mr. Chairman, Honorable Secretary of the Interior, Ladies and Gentlemen: I

consider it a great honor to be permitted to say a few words in behalf of my people on this great occasion. I wish that I might be able to make you realize the sacrifice

we have made in order that this great dam might be a reality. I

was one of the delegates who went to Washington in behalf of my people and agreed to the flooding of our lands. In giving up

this great tract of land necessary for this reservoir, we have shared with you our already limited supply of bread and butter.

We needed this land in our humble way of making a living. No

one but a member of our tribe can realize what this sacrifice means to us. It is a part of our inheritance, a part of the land

which was given to us by the treaty of '68. It is a part of our

winter home, and it is only because of the fact that this reservoir will provide homes for a great many white people that we have consented to share our land with you.

"We realize that you are great and strong, while we are poor, humble, few in number and gradually growing weaker.

In conference with our superintendent, and after considering what this great work means to the government, we come to realize that the sacrifice was necessary. First, to provide homes for

the increasing multitudes of white people, and second, because we want to live in peace and harmony with our wiaite brothers.

We want you to be our friend and we want to be your friend.

We want to improve our homes and farms as you improve your homes and farms. We want our children to grow up to be

good men and women, just as you want your children to be good men and women. We want to be loyal to that flag.

Chief Tea Pobriko "We beg of you to be fair and patient with us, help us in our humble way: help us to educate our children: care for our sick, and teach us

to obey and respect your laws. We want to be a part of this great nation that controls

all of this country that once was ours. We realize that the old days and the old

customs have passed. We are trying to adapt ourselves to your ways. With your

consideration and fair treatment we feel that we will succeed. I thank, you."

The celebration included daylight fire works, band concerts, ball games, rodeo, carnival booths, and a historic pageant entitled, "The

Spirit of Idaho."

Pocatello, Idaho.

WHY A TEMPLE IN HAWAII?

By J. A. Hendrickson

There were sixty men and women in the company. Four of

these were from Utah, two from Salt Lake City, and two from Logan.

Ten Cadillac and Packard cars stood ready to convey the crowd.

All were jolly and out to see the sights of a "foreign part of the

United States."

It was February 8, 1925, but very much like a day in July or

August in Utah. The thermometer registered 75 F. Mountains, hills

and dales were green and flowers were everywhere in evidence. Only

the memory of six days previous enabled us to realize that this was the winter season. This company of people left the California coast

only a week previous. They were new on the island of Oahu, of

the Hawaiian group, preparing to leave the city of Honolulu for a trip around the island. They skirted the Pacific most of the distance,

by way of Laie, the "Mormon"village where the Temple is located.

The company was largely residents of Long Beach, California.

In the first car with the writer and his wife, was the President ofthe Long Beach Chamber of Commerce and his wife, the former

Mayor of Honolulu, the Secretary of the Honolulu Chamber of

Commerce, who met the excursionists at Long Beach and accompanied them across to the islands.

Honolulu is a city of 100,000. The buildings, the business

methods, the money, and the official language is all strictly American.

Why a temple in hawaiI? i$$

From this city to the temple village is twenty miles as the crow would fly. By auto road it is thirtyfive miles.

We left Honolulu at 9:30 a. m., driving northward up the

mountain side through the beautiful Nuuanu valley, dotted here and there with pretty little thatched roof houses nestled in evergreens, cocoanut palms, and bread food trees. In thirty minutes we were at

the summit known as the Pali. Here there is a great precipice, and

a wind, bordering on a hurricane, never ceases to blow at this point.

On this summit is found a stone tablet on which the following is carved:

"Erected by the Daughters of Hawaii, in 1909, to commemorate the Battle of Nuuanu. fought in this Valley in 179 5, when the invading Kamehameha I,

drove the forces of Kalanikupule, King of Oahu, to the Pali and hurled them over the precipice, thus establishing the Kamehameha dynasty."

At this point, 1200 feet above the sea, there burst upon our view the most picturesque and dazzling scene of land and sea.

Descending on the further side of this mountain on paved roads to the windward coast of Oahu, we turned westerly, with the ocean at our right, and the mountain slopes at our left, covered with bananas, rice, sugar cane, and walnut fields as far as the eye could reach. The

rolling hillsides, skirting lovely beaches, bays and evergreen mountains at our left and the ocean at our right were our companions as we moved along toward the village of Laie.

Occasionally we passed small thatchedroofed cottages, nestled among the tall ferns and evergreens, and an occasional Water Buffalo plowing in the rice fields followed by a Hawaiian or Japanese.

On these islands the ferns we raise in Utah, in pots and jars, grow as high as twenty feet and oftimes are used as shade trees to the roadways.

When within a mile of the Temple city the Secretary of the

Honolulu Chamber, not knowing at this time there were "Mormons"on board, remarked:

"The next surprise I have for you is the 'Mormon'Temple, situated at the little town of Laie about a mile distant. I am told this temple cost

$250,000 and is located in a town of but six hundred inhabitants. The

grounds surrounding the temple are magnificent, and the 'Mormon'Church owns a plantation of ten thousand acres of well cultivated sugar cane. The

'Mormons'have surely done wonders among the Hawaiians. It is said one-

, third of all the natives on the Islands belong to the 'Mormon'Church. I

'don't know how true it is, but the 'Mormons'state that the recent Queen

Lilioukalani was a member. The native people have been taught industry,

morality, and love for God, about which they knew but little when the 'Mormon'missionaries first came here seventyfive years ago. The 'Mormons'

have indeed helped the people and not helped themselves as the other missionaries have done, who came here prior to the 'Mormons.'The descendants

of the early missionaries are now the bosses of the Island. When you reach

the Temple you will be surprised at its magnificence and the surroundings."

260 IMPROVEMENT ERA

At this point the exmayor of Honolulu spoke up and said:

"My father and mother owned this little home at our left just beyond those trees (pointing his finger toward the left.) That is where I was born,

and my folks have always known the 'Mormons'and considered them the best people on the Islands. They have certainly improved the condition of

the Hawaiian race. When you reach Laie you will see not only the temple,

but other Church buildings and six schoolhouses filled with children of different grades, taught by boys and girls from Utah. These children are of

many nationalities, but no nationality is turned from the school whether they be 'Mormons'or not. All are welcome. The school is free and the

Church puts up the necessary money, and the teachers come here from Utah and work without pay. The 'Mormons'have churches on all the Islands, and

missionaries from Utah, I understand, receive no remuneration for their time, and pay their own expenses. If other churches did as the 'Mormons'

do, we would be inclined to have faith in their religion."

We are now on the temple grounds. Here indeed is a view

long to be remembered. Surrounding the temple are about five acres of

EXTENSIVE PINEAPPLE FIELDS IN HAWAII

ground covered with wellkept lawn, with many evergreen trees and flowering bushes. At the entrance to the grounds we see the tract

and book supply house where the guide is always on hand to supply, visitors with "Mormon"literature.

Then one sees the crowd walking around, looking at the temple and the beautiful surroundings, and having their pictures taken with the temple at the background, it gives the assurance that the scene is leaving an impression upon their minds.

Before reaching the temple, our guides learned of the "Mormons"

WHY A TEMPLE IN HAWAII? 261

in the car, and conversation became more direct and to the point.

Questions such as these were asked time and time again: "Why did

the 'Mormons'build a temple, way out here?""Why was not the

temple placed in Honolulu?""A large temple like this in a city where

there are only six hundred people?""Have the 'Mormons'similar

temples all over the earth?"The temple guide did his best in

answering the questions.

The official photographer, brought along from Honolulu, took many photographs of different groups, adjusting themselves about on the grounds with the temple at the background.

After an hour's stay on the grounds, the company continued along the Ocean to the little town of Haleiwa, where they had luncheon and then continued overland, passing the United States SchoffieldBarretts, from which point tens of thousands of acres of pineapples could be seen in every direction in the various stages of growth, from the small plant to the ripened fruit.

Half an hour later we were passing Pearl Harbor, and from thence we continued back to Honolulu, our starting point. No doubt the

question that entered my mind has also crept into the minds of other members of the Church, when it was suggested to build a temple at

Hawaii; here is a land 2,000 miles from America, inhabited by a

native people comparatively unlearned! Why a temple here?

We, of course, knew but little about them or their faithfulness.

After a few visits to the little town of Laie, and conversing with the people in their homes and elsewhere, and meeting with between three and four hundred in the Church at Honolulu, I looked at the question from a different point of view: Here are a people faithful and

earnest in their affiliation with the Church, and apparently just as anxious as the Saints at home to know and do the will of the Lord, and to save their departed kindred. Therefore, a temple.

But aside from this, there is another advantage. Hardly a day

passes that there is not a boat landing at Honolulu, carrying passengers from the East or West, and later continuing to the American coast, or to points in the Orient. Steamers from Vancouver, Seattle, San

Francisco, Los Angeles, or the Panama Canal, sailing westward, usually stop at Honolulu for one or more days. Then again, ships

from New Zealand, Australia, the Philippines, Japan, or China, seldom pass without a rest for one or more days at Honolulu, where automobiles are always on hand to convey passengers to see the sights of the

Island. Comparatively few miss the opportunity of such a trip.

This can not be made without passing the "Mormon"temple. Thousands of visitors visit this place every week and get more or less

information concerning the Latterday Saints and their views, and never leave without literature, which they take with them and read as they continue on their journey.

In this way the temple is an advertising medium to thousands 262 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of people who have heard but little about the "Mormons"or their views. What I saw and heard, convinced me more than ever of the

inspiration of the leaders of our Church, when they decided to build a temple on one of the Hawaiian Islands.

We can only know the truth by first hearing it; and religion,

like every other good thing, must be presented to the individual either by the written or the spoken word before he can accept the same, so this temple is becoming a most excellent medium of disseminating the truth of the gospel to thousands upon thousands who might not hear it. were it not for this advantage. Outside of the Bureau of

Information, at Salt Lake City, I doubt not that this is one of the best mediums the Church has of spreading truth to people who have heard but little concerning our faith.

On the boat that took us from the Pacific coast to Hawaii, there were on board 3 66 passengers. There were persons from 29 states of

the Union, from Canada, and Hawaii.

Logan. Utah.

Gems of Thought Tears of compassion are the dewdrops of heaven.

The laughter of a child is the melody of angels.

When the sunshine of love pervades the home, unhappiness vanishes as the shadow does before the sun.

Jealousy and hatred are twin companions.

Jealousy and love are not agreeable companions, they will not "mix"any better than oil and water will: where love abides in the home jealousy

cannot find a resting place.

One agreeable companion is of more real assistance than a host of "I told you so's."The effort to sav a kind word is virtually nothing, but its far reaching effect cannot be measured.

Rexburg, Idaho. PHINEUS TEMPEST.

SUNDAY SCHOOL SONGWRITING CONTEST

With a desire to secure suitable new songs for use in the Sunday

Schools the General Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union announces the following contest:

Writers are invited to submit original, heretofore unpublished poems, not to exceed four verses, on any of the following subjects:

1. Sacrament.

2. Book of Mormon.

3. Word of Wisdom.

4. Tithing.

5. Mother's Day.

6. Promotion (ideal involved in).

7. Closing Hymns.

8. Pioneers.

9. Missionary or Enlistment Hymns.

10. Songs Adapted to Meetings of Teachers. (Union.)

11. Hymns of Praise.

12. Hymns on Virtues (love, forgiveness, etc.).

For the poem, on each of these subjects, deemed by the judges to be best suited to the purpose, the General Board will award a prize of $10, making twelve prizes. The winning poems will be

published later, and prizes will be offered for appropriate musical settings. Songs suitable for the Kindergarten and Primary departments

will be welcome.

Poems on the Sacrament must be in the office of the General

Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union. 47 East South Temple,

Salt Lake City, Utah, on or before February 1, 1926.

The contest closes April 1, 1926. Poems which have already

been published will be barred from the contest. The Board reserves

the right to reject any or all poems submitted. Manusripts accepted

become the property of the Deseret Sunday School Union, together with the right to copyright and publish.

Manuscripts should be signed with a nom de plume only, the name of the writer to be enclosed in a sealed envelope, on the outside of which should be written his nom de plume.

Obstruction

What seems like a wall is a ladder:

The first step is under your eye:

What if you don't see it. keep stepping:

It's stepping that finds it. step high.

San Diego, California. SATELLA JAQUES PENMAN.

KARL G. MAESER AND THE BRIGHAM

YOUNG UNIVERSITY* By Dr. Richard R. Lyman, Member of the Church Board of

Education and of the Council of the Twelve

Fifty years ago today, singlehanded, Karl G. Maeser was sent

to Provo by President Brigham Young to start a school. Four years

later, or fortysix years ago, next Wednesday, Edison gave to the world the first successful incandescent lamp. Electrical development

during the intervening period has made thrilling strides. This institution, too, has had a phenomenal growth, and many of its alumni

have achieved unusual successes.

Today electricity gives to human organs of speech a superhuman power. From the classrooms of this institution, where their lives

touched the life of that great teacher, Karl G. Maeser, his students

have become leaders in the communities of this intermountain West.

Electric lights dispel the darkness, electric motors give us the strength of giants, we go by submarines into the depths of the ocean, by aeroplanes into the skies.

During the same period, the original B. Y. Academy from a

small beginning has been transformed into a great University.

The boys and girls who came into the institution in its early days, having had extremely limited opportunities', necessarily had narrow vision. Karl G. Maeser opened the eyes of these young people,

opened their minds, gave them information with which they laid the foundation for their future.

This thorough, German scholar equipped these young folks with selfpropelling powers. Many have gone on to successes that have

astonished the most optimistic. Were Karl G. Maeser with us today,

he would express surprise at the accomplishments of many of his students. In public office, both in State and Church, they are found

adding glory to his name, to the name of the school whose foundation he laid, and bringing honor to themselves and to their communities.

I was in many of his classes. I lived at his home. It was my

good fortune to be near enough to him to see his unusual energy and to feel the tremendous power of his soul.

Karl G. Maeser gave such inspiration that many of his students

have become important factors in the work of the world. For example,

from among them the people of Utah have selected and have representing them at this very moment in the Nation's Capitol, two United

States Senators, one Congressman, and one Justice of the Supreme

Court. Find, if you can, another teacher with such a record!

*An address given at the Brigham Young University, Provo. at the Semicentennial Celebration, October 16, 1925.

KARL G. MAESER 265

Under the direction of President Brigham Young, Karl G. Maeser

established this institution. Its purpose has been, and may it ever be,

to teach young people that being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous; being kind, longsuffering, Christianlike and truly religious,

is the life that gives the greatest joy. The lesson he aimed to teach

was that the ages demonstrate such a life to be the only one that brings genuine satisfaction. He taught that the first of all the virtues is honor.

May Providence continue to keep a watchful eye over the institution and with a powerful hand, continue its development and

HEBER J. GRANT LIBRARY RECENTLY DEDICATED AT PROVO.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

success. Blessed be the name and memory of that great religious teacher,

that inspirer of young people, Dr. Karl G. Maeser. Blessed also be the

name of that great pioneer leader, Brigham Young, who called Karl

G. Maeser into the service, and for whom the institution is namedT

And, in conclusion, blessed be the name of Heber J. Grant, the

worthy successor of the founder of the school. It was President Grant

who made possible the construction of this excellent and greatly needed library building which bears his name, and which we are dedicating today as a part of this Semicentennial Celebration.

Anticipation

We'll joy in delightful anticipation;

We'll revel in hope and be glad;

If anything hinders the realization,

It can't take the joy that we've had.

San Diego, California, SATELLA JAQUES PENMAN.

THE WRONG GIRL By Agnes Just Reid Rollo and his mother were riding toward the sunset, down the long gradual slope that leads to home. They had been gone all day

looking after fences, leases, range and all the things that affect the cattle business. They had eaten their lunch dinner by a spring and

enjoyed a perfect day together as two men might have done.

The boy had talked in his animated way of almost everything in the universe; talked until he seemed to have run out of subjects. His

mother almost suspected that he had led the conversation for fear she might lead it into unplesant channels. Now, as he fell silent, she

thought she must sound him a little on the subject that was nearest her heart. "Son, what about this Atkinsen girl who is visiting the Davis family?""Oh, I don't know much about her."

"Surely you know more than I do. Who is she? Where is she

from? How long is she going to stay? I suppose I could find out

these things from some one else, but since you have been there so much you must know."

"Oh yes, I know that she is a third or fourth cousin of Mrs.

Davis, and I know that she came from'Chicago. I don't think she

knows how long she is going to stay."

"Now, there is one more question I want to ask you, Rollo, and I doubt if anyone else in the community can answer it, does she smoke cigarettes?"

The color flew to Rollo's face and for a moment he dropped his eyes to the saddle horn, then he looked into his mother's eyes with that old defiant truthfulness of his childhood days and said:

"Yes, she does."

Molly Kent knew well enough what the answer would be, or should be, to her question; still, when it came, she was unprepared for

it and the one thing she wanted to do was cry. She could not see any

glory in the sunset, she could not thrill at being the mother of the handsome boy who rode beside her; she could not do anything but cry.

Rollo knew she was crying. He always knew how little it took

to make her cry, and finally said impatiently: "Well, Mother, what

is there to cry about, because Bessie Atkinsen smokes?"

"Oh, Son, you'll never know what it is* to be a Mother and just how far into the future a Mother's eyes can look to find causes for tears.""Well, you always have been perfectly nutty over tobacco.

Everybody uses it. I don't see why you should make such a fuss about

it."THE WRONG GIRL 267

"Perhaps I should not. Perhaps I am wrong. Mothers can't

always be right and, I must admit that since the war, I am with the minority. All my life I have watched the gloriousi forward march

of the human race. Each year marks an advancement in every line

we have better homes, better schools, better roads, better hospitals, better everything, but the war set us back about fifty years on the tobacco question. Your great grandmother smoked, and if you

marry a girl who smokes', instead of keeping abreast of the times, you are stepping back three generations."

"What makes you think I am going to marry a girl who smokes?"

"I am not sure that I think you are, Rollo, but I am sure that you are more interested in this girl who does smoke than you have ever been in any girl yet."

"What if I am? She is a lively kid. Plays the piano, the uke,

and sings like a song bird. I am interested in her because she shows

me a good time. I haven't any idea of marrying her."

"Did it ever occur to you that she might have an idea of marrying you?"

"No, it never did. If she wants to marry, there are plenty of

the other boys, she can get. The fellows are all crazy about her. I

think I am mighty lucky to get a chance to take her out at all, but I am not thinking about marrying anyone."

"That is iust it, mv bov. You are not thinking about marrying

anyone and with a girl of that type, you won't think about it. Just

the first thing vou know vou'll marry her and think about it afterward. I know that I am oldfashioned in mv ideas, but I have

watched a good many of these whirlwind love affairs, and they usually end in the divorce courts. At your age, you are likely to choose

the companionable girl, but I look for a mother for your children.

I wish I could get you to say to yourself before you take a girl anywhere and spend time and money on her: 'Is she the kind of a girl

I would like to have for the mother of my children?'If young

people all did that, there'd be mighty few divorces."

"You don't know, Mother, Bessie might develop into a first rate mother. She is young, you know."

"Yes. she is young, but can you imagine a mother with a

cigarette in her lips? Can you imagine Rollo, Junior, three months

old and choking with croup as you were so many times, and his mother pausing in the mad rush for remedies to roll a cigarette?"

Rollo laughed in spite of himself. "Well, if I marry her, she's

pot to quit smoking. I've already tried to tell her it was not the right

thing to do in these parts."

"Quit smoking? No, she'll never quit smoking. Nobody ever

quits smoking. They attempt to quit, then they turn cowards and instead of quitting, they just become dishonest about it. They grow

into liars and thieves. If you continue in your attentions to her, you

vourself will be smoking inside of six months. The woman always

268 IMPROVEMENT ERA

leads, and every woman is like the busy elevator in a department store, she is either carrying you up, up, or down, down."

They were nearing home, and it was almost dark. As Roljo

opened the gate below the house, a car came into sight and he held the gate open. In the one seat of the car were three girls and two

boys. The only one that Mollie Kent recognized was Bessie of their

recent discussion, and she was sitting on the boy's lap.

Mollie was back in the shadows so they did not see her. They

stopped the car and Bessie's clear baby voice said: "Hello, Roily, why

the weren't you at home, we called to take you to the show with us.""Oh, I am too tired anyway. Thanks 1,"said Rollo and the car

moved on. "Who were those young people?"asked Mollie Kent.

"The boys are two of the toughest characters in Kirby. The two

girls are strangers to me, and I guess Bessie is a stranger, too. I

certainly never thought she'd step out with a bunch like that. I

guess you're right, Mother o'mine, she is> the wrong girl."

And millions of stars leaped suddenly forth in the heavens.

Shelley. R. 2, Idaho.

The Paneled Soul

Oh. impaneled vision of the mountain heights,

So delicately robed with mysterious lights;

You beckon my thoughts linger there awhile so beguile To find a wealth of show—and

The hours; look past the darkened wall's soft dun,

And cause the soul to soar and greet the sun.

What e'er may be my distant lot,

This one thing to me you've taught:

That beyond this rigid frame of life

Gleams crested mountain's peace, nor toil, nor strife.

Provo, Utah P. Jordan Rust

EDUCATION AS A PUBLIC ENTERPRISE

A Radio Talk K. S. L., November 16, 1925

Education Week By Milton Bennion, Dean of School of Education,

University of Utah i Education is the chief business of the state. It was so conceived

by Plato in his Republic, and this thought has ever since been the common possession of the intellectual and spiritual leaders of mankind. As the life of one individual is but a small part of the total

complex, interdependent life of mankind at any particular moment, so is the life of one generation of nien and women a small part of the total life of humanity.

Education, like civilization, belongs to humanity. Both education and civilization have been developing through thousands of

generations. That which we enjoy today and all that we have attained

in education is due to the labors of these many generations that have preceded us, and to the fact that their discoveries, inventions, and other attainments have been transmitted from each generation to the next.

The vision and purpose of the state are not restricted to the welfare of one or two generations. In so far as possible the state looks

forward to the well being of its citizens both now and for many generations yet to come. It is this vision on the part of the state that

makes it the proper custodian of education. It is not looking for

immediate economic returns from its investment in public schools.

It may even be content if in the long run economic returns are secondary to the more enduring intellectual and moral values, which are, or should be, uppermost in the minds of teachers and educational administrators.

Of all the moral obligations that rest upon both individuals and states as social institutions, that of properly educating each new generation is greatest. It is therefore highly appropriate and morally

right that the state should spend more than half of its revenues for education, and that taxpayers should contribute willingly and liberally to this cause, each in proportion to his ability to pay.

Neither the state nor; the taxpayer, however, can do full duty

by financial support alone. Education is a, community enterprise, in

more ways than financial support of schools. In the broad sense of

the term a very large and important part of the child's education is obtained outside of the the home, in vocational schoolroom—in

activities, and in the social and civic life of the community. Public

responsibility for education includes maintaining the most favorable educational environment in the home, in industry, and in community life. This fact is recognized in some measures in our marriage and

270 IMPROVEMENT ERA

divorce laws, in our State Industrial Commissions and laws to be administered by them, and in our social legislation that seeks to keep society free from morally corrupting influences. These are examples

of how many of the state's activities have a very direct influence upon the development of each new generation.

The individual also has analogous responsibilities. The character and social qualities of youth may be formed as much by the

example and influence of adult society as by anything that can be taught him in the schools. Surely the public money expended in the

education of youth in the schools is in large measure wasted if the good influence of the schools is counteracted by bad influences out of school. After all, is it worth while for this generation to train the

next in various technical knowledges and skills without due provision that these knowledges and skills will be used for the welfare of society? Indeed, in case of a youth who is persistently selfish and

antisocial in his activities, providing him with knowledges and skills is only increasing his powers for evil.

The educational matter that is just now most pressing for solution is, How may ( the schools and the community best cooperate to insure development of disposition on the part of youths to use their knowledges and skills for the common good of their fellows?

This means that young people should be inspired with high moral purposes and that the influences of the home, the school, and the community shall work harmoniously together toward the realization of this educational aim.

How can this be done? By many means and agencies, some of

which are the following:

A closer cooperation of home and school through the ParentTeacher Associations. These should be active, working associations

with committees investigating conditions and carrying out projects for the betterment of the school and the community; and, of course, for

the improvement of moral control in the homes. Many of these

desirable controls are practically impossible without cooperation of the parents of the community in carrying out a,ny policy. - If there are

corrupting influences in the community that should be removed by authority of the state directly or through the local government, it should be remembered that perfect operation of the state in these matters is possible only through the highest degree of cooperation on the part of the citizensi of a community. The ParentTeacher Association

should provide this kind of cooperation. If public officials are lax,

the parents, acting through their organization, in order to secure effective results, should see that such officials are replaced by others who will do their full duty. Satisfactory educational results cannot

be attained in a lawless, bootlegging, gambling, or otherwise corrupt and dissipated community. Parents, teachers, social welfare workers,

religious leaders, and civil officers should join hands in cleaning out such corruption, where it exists, and in developing in its place the

EDUCATION AS A PUBLIC ENTERPRISE 27

highest standards of citizenship, the highest types of recreation, opportunities for vocational success, and, in general, a social environment that stimulates youth to high endeavor and noble attainment.

Mystery O Mystery! thou of the sombre veil,

Who lures our feet to heights we cannot scale,

To depths we cannot comprehend,

And still leads on through lanes that never end,

To leave us in confusion.

Unveil thy face, that he who runs may read

The hidden meaning of thy word and deed;

That we may understand why pain and tears,

Dull sickening sorrows, doubts and fears,

Should be our portion.

We fain would know the miracle of life and death,

From whence we came, who gave us breath;

Whither we go when we go hence

O Mystery, our hearts grow tense

With wondering.

Whence come the longings for a better life,

The ever present thought to banish strife;

To be and do and try still greater heights,

To wing ourselves away on fancy's flights

To realms unknown?

These things spring not from sordid thought or lust,

Are not of earth; must we forever trust

And wander on in search of the unknown,

Until all longings cease and we lie prone

In Mother earth?

"Be content, vain mortal, be content,

If life were robbed of all its wonderment;

The dreams of youth would smother with a sigh,

The bliss of romance pine away and die,

To rise no more.

"Could'st thou foreknow, at dawn of every day,

That grave perplexities had marked thee for their prey

If all life's ills were bared before thine eyes,

And all its secrets stripped of their disguise,

O woeful day!

"Thy soul would sink in blackness, no glad smile

Would wreathe thy lips the weary to beguile,

Thy song of hope ne'er rise to ecstasies,

No thrills of joy, no golden fantasies

Would cheer thy way.

"Ambition's strivings then and there would end.

Were all things known; thy upward path descend

To darkest depths for body, mind, and soul,

Oblivion, proud mortal, be thy goal;

Oblivion, oblivion!"

Ruth May Fox WHY NOT ABOLISH JAZZ?

By Fred L. W. Bennett

Wherefore jazz? I have asked myself this question many times,

but so far have been unable to answer it. To me the deliberate discords which musicians must make in their playing to get the jazz

effect are as inexcusable as would Jbe the slinging of mud on ai work of art. I am not a musician myself, but I love music, and, if I may

be permitted another comparison, I feel somewhat like a lover of flowers must feel when he sees a lot of dandelions growing in a flower garden. But, let me modify this. Dandelions are after all beautiful

to one who can appreciate them, and I doubt if they are as much out of place in a flower garden as the vulgar discords necessary to produce jazz in music.

Jazz is one of those things one defends by ridiculing those who do not like it. You never hear any one seriously defending this

extraordinary departure in music by attempting to point out its good qualities. About as far as its most enthusiastic supporters go is to

describe the "pep"they get out of it, an argument that has always been used in favor of intoxicating liquors by those who enjoy getting drunk.

The other day press dispatches told of aj Provo band of many years'service to its credit that disbanded rather than degrade itself by supplying the popular demand for jazz at dances. All honor to

these musicians! They have set an.example of which all real lovers

of music should be proud. Would that more would follow them, for

I cannot think any musician likes to play compositions that require him to make deliberate and senseless discords with his instrument.

Jazz, as has already been pointed out by others, came from the

Jungle. It belongs to the savage who cannot produce or appreciate

the beauty in music as we of the cultivated and enlightened races are supposed to be capable of doing. If jazz is> to be continued because it

gives "pep,"let those who want that kind of pep hie themselves to a place where they can indulge in it without annoying others who do not like it. No one appreciates a lively, stirring tune more than the writer,

but there is a great difference between the banging, rasping sounds associated with jazz and the invigorating airs that might be played.

Music can be lively and still possess harmony and rhythm.

Perhaps the writing of this article is a waste of time that could be profitably spent in other work, but the writer has long felt that he must say something on this subject. The pity of it all is our younger people

seem to delight in jazz because of a notion that it is offensive to the conservative, and they are never so happy as when they feel they are in revolt. I am convinced that it is this that has sustained jazz so long;

surely, surely it cannot be due to a genuine love of it; if so, what are

WHY NOT ABOLISH JAZZ? 2 73

we coming to, or rather going back to? But I hav'e already given a

hint as to this!

I cannot see much use in trying to inculcate,in the people a love of the beautiful in music whilst jazz is tolerated at the theatres and public dance halls, and even in the amusement halls controlled by the church people. As far as the Latterday Saints are concerned, why cannot we

maintain the excellent standards set up by the recreation committees?

Why insist upon music that has been copied from savage tribes? Following the announcement of a dance in the amusement hall of a certain Salt

Lake City Ward the other night, a sister who was present enquired if there would be jazz, and the reply was that there would be, but that the following week there would be a married folks'dance.

1 youth, but of decay, for A love of jazz is not a sign of vigorous jazz is retrogressive, not progressive. Its introduction in certain

classes of our music is not a forward step, but a compromise with an instinct in man that is not in sympathy with "the concord of sweet sounds,"a phrase which applies just as much to music as it does to poetry.

Refining Fires

Whate'er of trials come to us.

Of this we do feel sure:

That we, through grace of Christ alone,

Have power to endure.

And through his precious light of faith

Our souls are made secure.

What wondrous blessings come to those,

Who trials shall endure, By which the soul is sanctified,

The life from sin made pure.

And through his holy sacrament

Eternal'life secure.

Through partaking of the symbols

Of his flesh and blood, The soul's thus made to stronger grow 'Gainst sin's o'erwhelming flood;

By taking of those emblems pure,

We're fed life's lasting food.

And thus he cleanseth man from dross

And seeks to save from sin, And unto truth and righteousness

His sinstained soul to win, That in partaking of his love A new life we begin.

Help us to feel his wondrous power,

His mission most divine, Let perfect faith our beacon be

To guard from sin and crime, And give us power in every hour,

To say, "Thy will, not mine."

Oakland, California. ANNIE G. LAURITZEN

THE LOCARNO TREATIES What They Mean to the Peace of the World

By J. M. Sjodahl

The first day of December, 1925, may properly be considered the beginning of a new epoch in the history of international politics.

For on that day the representatives of Great Britain, France, Germany,

Belgium, Italy, Poland and Czechoslovakia signed the treaties formulated at the little city of Locarno in Switzerland, and published on

October 20.

By these treaties, Germany, France and Belgium agreed to accept the boundary lines as defined by the peace congress at Versailles, and never to violate each other's territory; also to submit all

international disputes, not adjustable by common diplomatic methods, to the Council of the League of Nations. Great Britain agreed, in

case of military aggression on the part of any of the signatory powers, to join the attacked country against aggressor. Similar agreements

were made by Germany with Poland and Czechoslovakia. And

Germany agreed to enter the League of Nations, on the understanding that foreign troops would be withdrawn immediately from German soil.

This means in the first place that peace has at last been established between the late billigerents of Europe. The German Chancellor,

Herr Luther, in his impressive speech in the Reichstag, November 23, made thia clear when he said:

"France, Belgium, Italy, and Great Britain formerly proposed a united front opposed to Germany. Now all five nations constitute a common

community, bound by treaty which is founded on complete equality. Thus

a security pact aimed against Germany, which was under serious consideration by these other four powers last year, definitely has been disposed of."

In the second place, by these treaties France has obtained the "security,"which was promised by the representatives of the United

States and Great Britain at promise which was not Versailles'—a

redeemed. There is, therefore, no longer any necessity for the maintenance of ruinous military organizations in France. Disarmament

can be considered in the new light of peace and good will that has burst upon Europe in hopeful hopeinspiring effulgence.

Further, these treaties have proved that the League of Nations is a force for peace in the world. For the Locarno treaties are in

the last instance an amplification of the covenant of the League.

The League may, perhaps, be a "dead issue"as far as some of the statesmen of the world can see. But it lives, and grows in importance,

and may yet prove an important paragraph in God's own preface to

THE LOCARNO TREATY 275

the history of the Millennial reign of the Prince of Peace on earth his own earth.

Finally, those treaties signalize the beginning of something new in international politics. The world has had alliances and ententesv

ostensibly entered into for the maintenance of peace but by means of armies and navies, guns and bayonets, devastation and murder. Such

alliances have always ended in war and the enslavement of nations under the oppression of despotisms; wherefore the great father of our

Republic, in his Farewell Address warned the people against entering into "permanent alliances"(not "entangling") with one country against another. For he knew that such military alliances always

would spell disaster. At Locarno, alliances, or associations of nations

were formed for the maintenance of peace by of war means—not

but of laws, just laws, and impartial courts. This is new, at least in

modern history. If the Locarno treaties are upheld and widened, so

as to embrace all the civilized world, the time is not far away, when we can rid the world of the curse of military conscription, which became a necessary evil under the bloodand-iron rule of the last century, and turn our attention to production instead of destruction.

So hopeful of great results are some of the clearseeing watchmen in

Europe, that Maximilan Harden, on October 17, 1925, quoted

Goethe's words: "A new epoch of history begins here today, and

you can say you saw its birth;"and then he adds: "The treaties

framed there (at Locarno), may become the framework of an economic

United States of Europe."

Yes, who knows?

At present it is instructive to note how the cause of peace has grown the last few years, nothwithstanding opposition.

In 1907, at the Hague, the idea of an international court was met by solid antagonism. In 1919, at Versailles, the different paragraphs

in the pact of the League of Nations had to be worded so carefully that the governments which were not yet converted, could by a little juristry evade the covenant entered into. In 1920, not one of the

greater powers was willing to submit unconditionally to the decision of an international court. In 1922, it appeared that paragraph 16

in the pact of the League was a dead letter. In 1923, 18 countries

accepted the proposition on mutual assistance. In 1924, at Geneva,

47 countries, through their representatives, expressed themselves in favor of the Protocol that provided for mutual defense against aggressors, and France among other countries ratified that wonderful instrument for peace. In 1925, the Protocol, though set aside by

Great Britain, was resurrected on a somewhat limited scale, and it has now made, it possible for the world to disarm and to keep peace on the basis of law and court proceedings.

Whence this great and sudden turn in the international politics in

Europe? 2 76 IMPROVEMENT ERA

It is the work of the Lord. Jesus, the Prince of Peace, lives

and rules with inscrutable wisdom and unlimited power.

The final victory is sure.

It may be well to record here the names of those who affixed their names to the treaties in London, in the foreign office, December 1, 1925. They were: Great Britain, Austen Chamberlain and

Stanley Baldwin; Germany, Chancellor Luther and Gustav Stresemann;

Belgium, Emile Vandervelde; France, Aristide Briand; Italy, Victorio

Schialoia; Poland, Count Skrzynske; Czechoslovakia, Eduard Benes.

Only the nations signatory to the Locarno pact attended the signing, but Alanson B. Houghton, United States ambassador to

Germany, it was thought, might appropriately have had a seat beside

Lord d'Abernon, as they had greatly influenced the German government in the negotiations which made possible the adoption of the Dawes plan, the first real step toward peace between Germany and France.

There was an empty chair for Russia, and M. Briand expressed

the hope that Russia might soon decide to enter the League of

Nations and speed Europe in the restoration of moral economic and political conditions.

Be Game

'1 here may be some who think that life is wrong

When old Misfortune comes across their way,

For whom the sunlight comes not with the dawn,

Who's skies become dense, black, or common gray.

But such is not the lesson life would teach

To him who would observe, while time rocks on,

That he can just a little higher reach

And find the things that tend to make him strong.

That bird, though trapped and prisoned in a cage,

Can stand right up and feel disposed to sing,

Instead of cursing fate in sullen rage,

Doth teach us all to bear misfortune's sting.

Thus, when a funeral march is played

And the funeral bells have chimed,

They can pay no greater tribute

Than to say—"He never whined."

So friend, if you don't measure

In riches great, or fame, You can show the world a treasure

By simply being game.

Salt Lake City CHARLES D. GOLD

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS Work in the Southwest Washington Conference

Karl W. Devenport of Tacoma, Washington, president: the information

of the work comes from Ralph B. Stratford, secretary of the Northwestern

States mission: "During the summer, much country work has been done

by four of the elders, covering Puyallup Valley and several of the small islands in Puget Sound. The elders went in pairs and traveled without

purse or scrip, and were received cordially and entertained by the people.

Elders Larsen and Ericksen have conducted the work in Grays Harbor county and have now two Sunday Schools in operation, one recently organized at Carlisle. Washington. The efforts of Sister Lavoun Walton and

Ila Eliason during the entire summer have been commendable in placing

Books of Mormon. Our aim has been to familiarize ourselves with the

principles and doctrines of the gospel in order to intelligently teach them to others. We conduct a priesthood class for all the missionaries in Tacoma

every morning from eight to nine o'clock. We have made a careful study

of the Doctrine and Covenants Commentary, and are now using the Book of Mormon as a text. On Tuesday and Saturday afternoons, we hold a

three hour class devoted to practice in public speaking, reviewing scripture, singing, and attempting to solve the problems which confront the missionary.

We have occasionally talks on such subjects as conduct, etiquette, and the best means of approach in delivering our message.

States mission Cl Ttoitasteru

Soutfwest Washington Conference

Autfnst Y)1S y

ELDERS OF N. W. STATES MISSION

Top row: H. McArthur, J. N. Larsen. R. J. Brewer, E. p. Ericksen, T. H.

Oldroyd. Center: S. H. McKee. R. B. Stratford. Mission Secretary: B. S.

Young, Mission President; K. Davenport, Conference President: K. F. Allen.

Bottom row: LaVoun Walton, Ila Eliason.

278 IMPROVEMENT ERA New Chapel in England Recently a chapel has been purchased at Norwich, England. On the 18th

of October, last, the members of the Church residing there, realized their long cherished hope when the dedication of the beautiful chapel was made under direction of President James E. Talmage. "The service was very

impressive and the building was filled with members and their friends.

During the service, President Ralph C. Jones expressed his gratitude for the

occasion, and Elder Ben.

E. Summers gave a short

history of the chapel and commented on the effort put forth acquiring and preparing it for use.

Sacred solos were rendered by Sister Violet Shepherd and Elder Walter F.

Whitehead, and Elder Raymond Murphy rendered selections on the violin. President Talmage, in the dedicatory

sermon, spoke on 'The Significance of Consecration and Dedication.'He

showed by scriptural illustrations that in the past God has set apart for his service, certain material things, places, times and persons, and designated them as holy. In

the dedicatory prayer, President Talmage invoked the Divine blessing upon the house, its contents and surroundings, as a place dedicated to the worship of God, and supplicated its acceptance and preservation for this sacred purpose.

"The chapel had previously been used by the

Swedenborgians as a place of worship. The traveling elders, together with

the local members, have worked incessantly for the beautifying of the place until it has been completely renovated, both inside and out; and standing

in one of the best residential districts, it is truly a structure to be proud of.

It is after the Gothic style of architecture and is made of red brick and sandstone. THE NORWICH CHAPEL, INSIDE AND OUT

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 279

It is provided with splendid class rooms. In the main chapel at the side of the

rostrum, stands a beautiful pipe organ. The electrical system supplies both

lightj and heat for the entire building. In the largest class room, is a new

baptismal font lined with white tiling, which is provided with warm and cold water. On the day of the opening, it was used to baptize five converts.

"The new chapel has been the means of greatly increasing the attendance at all the meetings; and, with the continuity of the faithful work of the

missionaries and local members, a bright and successful future is inevitable.

We all enjoy reading the Era\ and look forward to each number."Walter

F. Whitehead, conference clerk.

ELDERS IN NORWICH CONFERENCE

Missionaries, left to right, top row: Ben. E. Summers. George O. Gee. Center:

Dean A. Barker, Raymond Murphy. Harold L. White, William J. Attrige, Walter

F. Whitehead, conference clerk: Rulon L. Russon, Maurice R. Barnes, and

Clifford D. Grough. Bottom: Junius S. Romney. Liverpool Office: May

Booth Talmage, president Mission Relief Societies: James E. Talmage. president

European Mission: Ralph C. Jones, released, conference president: Leland N.

Wight, incoming conference president: Z. Vernon Derrick, Liverpool Office.

A Branch in the Duchy of Luxembourg

Elder Alonzo P. Kesler, conference clerk, Liege, Belgium, reports that

the elders are happy and grateful that the French Mission is growing in territory and number: "We have four nations as our field of activities,

France, Switzerland, Belgium, and recently a branch was opened up in

Luxembourg, the capital city of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. We hays

only fifteen missionaries in the Belgium conference, but have branches in three of the above named countries. Recently we received more missionariesand feel prayerfully confident in the success of preaching the gospel to the

French speaking people. Although the French are warmhearted and sympathetic, they cannot be approached as in some other missions. Their trusi>

and friendship must first be secured and then the gospel message can be'announced. When an understanding and an appreciation of the gospel is

280 IMPROVEMENT ERA

received, feverent devotion and sacrifice are manifest, and the faithfulness of the members, is a testimony to all of us. We receive much encouragement

an inspiration from the Era, and to it we extend our "bonjour"and the hand of brotherhood to all the Lord's people throughout the world."

Missionaries in the Belgian conference: Front row, left to right; Alonzo P. Kcsler,

conference secretary. Salt Lake City: Joseph P. Anderson, released, conference

president, Ogden; Sister Alice P. Anderson, C. Vernon Coggle, conference president. Salt Lake City: Alexander Lambert, Josephine Lambert, released, Hooper,

Utah: Wayne W. Huish. Salt Lake City: S. Smith Stevens. Salt Lake City.

Second row: Alon Fife. Logan: Walton K. Hall, (Salt Lake City: Stanley

C. Nelson, Provo: Leonard A. Robbins, Salt Lake City; Virgil E. Petersen,

Huntsville; Joel H. Bowen, Salt Lake City; George T. Lynch, Salt Lake City;

Verl E. Roberts, Rupert, Idaho.

Church and Other Activities in South Africa

Elder H. L. Baker, conference clerk, Port Elizabeth, South Africa,

reports the semiannual conference of that branch, held on October 3-4, with

President J. Wyley Sessions in attendance. The Sunday School convened at

7:30, Sunday morning, October 4, and gave demonstrations, of their work,

including stories from the Old Testament, told by members of the lower classes. At 12:15, general conference was held where the business of the

conference was presented and the officers sustained and reports given. At

the evening session, the little* mission hall was filled to capacity. President

Miles P. Romney addressed the people on. "Authorities and Powers of the

Priesthood."President Sessions spoke on, "Excuses for Disobedience."

Though thirteen thousand miles away from the general conference, we felt that we were blessed with the same great spirit that characterizes that conference gathering. A concert was held on Friday, October 9, by the

Mutual Improvement Association. During the past two months, two of the

elders have been laboring in Uitenhage, a small town some twentyone miles from Port Elizabeth. Here, Miles P. Romney had the privilege of playing

football with the "Swifts,"a prominent athletic club of this district.

By joining this team, he made many friends and allayed much prejudice, and

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 281

also has been given many opportunities to explain our message. After the

final game and prior to President Romney leaving, the team presenting him with a book of Lowell's Poems, suitably inscribed with sentiments expressing the high esteem with which they regarded him. Our work in Uitenhage

culminated in a meeting held in the town hall, at which an address was delivered bv President Sessions on "Why Mormonism?"to an appreciative

audience. President Romney and Elder H. L. Crane left October 12 for a

six hundred mile journey on bicycles, trading the territory between Port

Elizabeth and East London. Each issue of the Era is enjoyed. It is a source

of strength to us to read of the progress in Zion and the success of our brethren in the different mission fields.

Bl

I L flKalBGM

Bp> *s pH Hip* -?H '-

ft M &j* <teIj9 il B pBJ H./ M * I IHHSBHnhS II HHHi PRESIDENT SESSIONS AND ELDERS, SOUTH AFRICA

Elders left to right: H. Lorden Baker, Salt Lake City: C. Alden Gray, Provo: H.

Lowell Crane, Pocatello. Bottom row: Miles P. Romney. conference president.

Salt Lake City; James Wyley Sessions, Mission President, Pocatello: Reuben H.

M. Dix Peck. Port Elizabeth branch president.

Honolulu Choir Presents Stevens'"Hosanna"

Secretary F. J. Russell of the Hawaiian Mission, reports that for the first

time in five years, the mission semiannual conference was held at Laie instead of at Honolulu. The attendance was slightly smaller than at the latter place,

but the general enthusiasm made the conference a grand success. There were

thirty speakers and six sessions. Mission President, Eugene J. Neff, presided.

His keynote for the speakers who followed, was the strength and beauty of clean living. The Laie choir, under the direction and leadership of Poi

Kekauoha, rendered some anthems in a real musical style. The Honolulu

choir, led by Mrs. K. Fieldgrov, furnished the musical program for Sunday

morning and evening. Evan Steven's oratorio, "Hosanna,"in which the

audience joined in full strength, singing, "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning,"was given. There were twentyfive temple workers and mission

workers present. President William M. Waddoups and a committee housed

and entertained the visiting throngs in a very fine way that left nothing to be desired.

282 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elders Visited by Friends of U. S. Battleship

President E. L. Butler, Apia, Samoa, writes through his secretary, M.

G. Wagstaff, under date of October 20, 1925: "For perhaps the first time

in history, the personnel of the Samoan Mission met in Pago Pago with the, elders of the American Samoan. President and Sister E. L. Butler paid them

a visit. We left Apia. August 29, aboard the Lady Roberts, and arrived at

our destination, Pago Pago, the following morning. In the harbor and

extending out into the Pacific, lay part of America's fleet, stopping over on their way to Hawaii from Australia. Active demonstrations by the fleet

were given during the three day's stay in the islands. Steaplanes soared

over Tutuila. At night powerful searchlights played around the bay, flashing signals from ship to ship, and hundreds of sailors thronged the streets

of the small naval station. J. M. Barnes of; Kaysville and N. H. Lyons of

Ogden, Ensign aboard the U. S. S. California, visited us at the mission home.

We were mutually delighted at this meeting, since some of our elders were former schoolmates of these officers. We visited the U. S. S. California as

their guests and were familiarized with life aboard this, one of America's largest ships. We had a novel experience in viewing a moving picture show

while sitting aboard, the battleship. Every day during the stay of the fleet

in Pago Pago, we were visited at the mission home by men and officers of the Navy, many of them Latterday Saints, and some having filled missions for our Church. They expressed great happiness at meeting people from

home. Before separating to return to our respective conferences, we held a

spirited elders'meeting. President and Sister E. L. Butler and the Savaii

conference president, M. G. Wagstaff. remained in Tutilla for two weeks, and

attended a very successful conference in Mapusaga on the 19th and 20th of

September. The Era is( a big aid to us in our work. We wish you continued success."M. G. Wagstaff.

Great Success in Hamburg

Elder Leslie R. Matheson of the Hamburg conference, Germany, reports

great success, joy and satisfaction attending their labors in that conference.

A conference session was held there on August 2931, inclusive, at which, leading mission presidents, including President James E. Talmage, Hugh J.

Cannon of the SwissGerman Mission, and many others were present at a most successful conference, and perhaps the largest and best ever held in Hamburg. During the meetings, President Cannon expressed his delight and joy

in being again assembled with the Saints of Hamburg, where he labored in 1891, and often visited as mission president, in 1902-3. The Sunday School

held a very interesting session, outstanding features being the characterization of a number of the prophets and a presentation of a history of the Book of

Mormon. The interest was augmented by selections from a large children's

choir, and gospel messages were delivered to the children by President Tadje and by President and Sister Talmage and Sister Hyde. The Hamburg Relief

Society responded with refreshments for the visiting Saints and friends and

President Talmage delivered a powerful discourse on "Freedom"which was interpreted by Elder Wunderlich. A large choir added to the spirit of the

meeting. A special meeting of the Relief Society was held and the oratorio,

"The Vision,"by Evan Stephens, was rendered at the evening meeting by the

Hamburg choir under the direction of Elder LeRoy Winter. There were

hundreds of investigators present. A missionary meeting was held on Monday

and addressed by the visiting brethren. The conference was brought to a

close by a presentation of the oratorio, "The Martyrs"by Stevens, by the combined adult and children's choirs with an explanation of the martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph and his brother Hyrum, by Elder Wunderlich. The

total attendance was estimated at three thousand.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 283

MISSIONARIES OF HAMBURG CONFERENCE

Missionaries, left to right, first row: President Dorius, Cologne conference; President

McKay, Hannover conference; Jean Wunderlich, Editor of the German Stern;

Sister Talmage, President James E. Talmage of the European mission; Pres.

Hugh J. Cannon of the SwissGerman mission: Sister Cannon and baby; President Charles H. Hyde of the Netherlands mission; Sister Hyde; John Talmage.

Second row: Matheson; Neumeyer, Jenkins, Einzinger, Gardner, President

Bower of the Hamburg Conference; Watkins, Winter, Beesley, Jordan and

Poulter. Third row: Crandall, Bollschweiler Walquist, Hatch, Brown,

Engel, Miskin, Cutler, Moore, Huber, E. Jex Capener. Fourth row: Stephens

(visiting brother from Ogden, Utah), Barker, Taylor, Christensen, Nibley,

Nielsen, Monson, Squires, Anderson, Chamberlain, J. Ray Capener. President

Tadje of the GermanAustrian mission was absent.

Pomcrene Chapel Dedicated The missionaries of the Arizona conference reported at a recent semiannual conference that they had met with kindly treatment and had made many friends in their work, who were anxious to hear concerning the restoration of the gospel. Many successful openair and cottage meetings were held in

every district where the missionaries have been located. Elders T. A.

Christensen and A. D. Bushnell spent three months of the summer in

Pleasant Valley, which forms the setting for several of Zane Grey's novels.

This valley lies in the Snowflake stake territory and the work was performed under the supervision of the stake missionary organization. Horses

were furnished for the elders to ride from one ranch to the other, and they found that the people who were residents, were very hospitable. Cottage

meetings were held in almost every home, and the missionaries were asked to take charge of a Union Sunday School which had been established in their midst. Within two months, they were rewarded for their work by four of

the most respectable residents of the valley asking for baptism. This made

it possible to install a "Mormon"course of study in the Sunday School and to place in charge people who held the authority to officiate. Since then,

five other people have been baptized and the Sunday School has grown steadily and is a wonderful power for good in that community. During

the conference, the Pomerene chapel was dedicated by President Joseph W.

284 IMPROVEMENT ERA

McMurrin. This building has been erected by the members of the Pomerene

Branch during the past eighteen months and cost in the neighborhood of $30,000. There are twelve organized branches in this conference, eight of

them meet in substantial buildings owned by the Church.

MISSIONARIES OF THE ARIZONA CONFERENCE

Missionaries, back row. left to right: Herman A. Bjork, R. Claude Boyce, Alonzo

D. Bushnell, Rosaline Dansie. Marvin E. Dansie. Center row: Noel A. Fuller,

Los Angeles conference: Melvin D. Cornwall, Dorothy J. Cox, Ilda LeCheminant. Alvin E. Miller. Front row: Leo J. Huskinson, Lewis E. Row, superintendent Mission Sunday School and Y. M. M. I. A.: Reed S. Gardner, mission

secretary: Raeburn E. Richloff. conference president: Laura I. Astle, corresponding secretary: Joseph W. McMurrin. mission president: Moselle Michaelson.

President Mission Y. L. M. I. A. and Primaries: Margaret K. Miller, President

Mission Relief Societies: Theodore A. Christensen. Var O. Buchanan. R E.

Bischoff.

Twentythree Baptisms

Elder Justin E. Erickson of the Southern Indiana conference, reports

fortysix baptisms since the first of the year and that the meetings of the elders have been very successful and many investigating the gospel. "Visits

have been made to the conference by Andrew Jenson, Assistant Church Historian, and Elder Stephen L. Richards of the Council of Twelve. Their

presence and kind instructions were highly appreciated by us. During the

time from June to November, we had twentythree baptisms; four hundred

cottage meetings and two hundred thirtysix open air meetings were held.

Four hundred and fortyone Books of Mormon were sold; sixteen hundred

and fortythree were loaned; three thousand eight hundred and sixtythree

other books, including a wide distribution of pamphlets and tracts. We

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 285

appreciate the Era as a helpful guide in preaching the gospel to our investigators and friends.

'> VJCI V 1

.%,, * <*

ELDERS OF THE SOUTHERN INDIANA CONFERENCE

Elders, left to right, front row: Dean A. Anderson, Pleasant Grove; Andrew, R.

Somerville, Moab; Justin E. Erickson, conference president, Richmond; Stephen

L. Richards of the Council of Twelve; John H. Taylor, mission president;

Phillip C. Jessee, Springville; John L. Isaacsen, Garland. Second row: Alvin

B. Rigby, Rexburg, Idaho; Rolla M. Rich. Paris, Idaho; Vada S. Newby, Monroe;

Leora Cook, Afton, Wyoming; Alice Morgan, Driggs, Idaho: Alzada Wilmott,

Springville; Melba Merrill, Pima. Arizona: Ernest C. Hanks, Salem. Back row:

George T. Talley. Thatcher. Arizona: R. Clifford Albrechtscn. Emery: Gladys

Millar. Shelley. Idaho: Joseph L. Jorgensen, Salt Lake City, Lloyd A. Davis,

Blackfoot, Idaho.

New Chapel Dedicated in Australia

Elder Leon A. Robins, writing from Enmore, Sydney, Australia, reports

the dedication of the new chapel at which the following elders attended.

The work of the Lord is progressing in the Tasmanian conference, both temporally and spiritually. The new chapel just completed cost $10,000,

with a seating capacity of 170, with a dwelling at the rear of the Church for the elders. The Saints testified to the help of the Lord in obtaining their

part of the money for the building of the house. The elders spent the greater

part of their time foi nearly four months on the Church, yet, notwithstanding, the spiritual part of the work was not neglected. There were twentyone baptisms in the last year.

THE HOME A Study for the Advanced Senior Class, M. I. A., 192526

LESSON X—PURCHASING FOR THE HOME

I. The Lecture.

Purchasing for the) home requires serious thought, when the end to be attained is one of comfort, harmony, simplicity and refinement. It requires

the exercise of that rare good judgment in making, selection of home equipment and furniture which will show that everything has been taken into consideration.

It is tragic to spend money for wrong furnishings, and to be tied to them after one realizes that he has made a mistake in their selection. Furnishings are not bought for a day or a season, but for years, and often a lifetime.

The only good furniture is that which is both beautiful and useful.

In choosing furniture consider its use. If one has no use for a certain

piece, it should not be bought, even if decorative. The size of the house and

uses of rooms should determine what furniture is suitable, also the needs of inmates of the house should be considered. All articles in daily use must

be fitted for their purpose.

The true test of comfort in any house, lies in its power of tempting one to enter and work and rest. There is no influence so potent upon life

as harmonious surroundings, and it is everyone's privilege, even though it may be simple and inexpensive. In fact, lack of funds often prompts careful

consideration before purchases are made, and avoids the mistake of too great haste in the choosing of furnishings.

There is no excuse for ugly furniture now. There are so many beautiful things that can be copied easily. Exclude ugly, clumsy furniture and

meaningless ornaments from every room. Happily, the day of grotesque

furniture in design and ornamentation is passed, as well as the green carpets profusely decorated with garlands of pink roses.

"Good taste furnishes a house for peasants to live in."

Good lines, simplicity of construction, and appropriateness, make for beauty. Learn to recognize good furniture when you see it, both in the

matter of construction and material, and also in line and contour.

Buy fewer pieces and spread the buying over a longer time. Good

materials, gracefulness, and thorough workmanship are qualities to be sought for in the cottage as well as the mansion.

Nothing should be chosen which is not the best of its kind at the price paid for it. Get the maximum of attractive comfort for the price you can

afford to pay.

In purchasing for the seemingly more important room, rooms—living

dining room, bed rooms, etc., the kitchen should not be overlooked. This

should be included in the whole scheme, and much artistic taste as well as practical judgment can be displayed in the equipping of this very important room. Kitchen furniture does not have to be grand or elegant, but it can

be colorful and restful, and old pieces discarded from other rooms may be painted appropriately for use in the kitchen.

Purchasing for the home should be one of the most painstaking of pursuits, and there is nothing more fascinating in its promise of future enjoyment. It is a bit of creative art.

"Have nothing in your house that you do not know to be useful or believe to be beautiful."William Morris. If we would all follow this

advice how restful our homes would be.

Qualities to be sought for in the cottage as well as the mansion:

II. Thought Exchange.

1. Superfluity. Overcrowding,

b. Physical comfort.

THE HOME 287

2. Substantiality. i

a. Appearance.

b. Handsome exterior should not blind one to cheap construction.

3. Appropriateness.

a. Its use to man.

b. Its use to the particular house in which it is to be.

c. Its own construction.

d. Its relation to the many needs of household life.

4. Individuality.

Things to be avoided in purchasing home equipment:

1. Superfluity.

Overcrowding.

2. Buying all furniture at one time.

a. Should go slow with purchase. (Needs are not fully known until

house has been lived in.)

b. Leave some things to be "saved up for."

III. Problems Suggested.

1. What do you consider the important factors in the equipping of a home?

What is meant by harmonious furnishings in the home?

Is it advisabh to completely furnish a home at first?

What about "fads"in furniture?

Discuss suitable household equipment.

How can "drudgery"be eliminated from housekeeping?

Does it require the expenditure of a large amount of money to furnish a house in good taste?

Discuss the value of getting expert advice.

Discuss danger of being bilked by the adroitness of a salesman.

2. Problems by members of the class.

IV. Social Period.

1. Material suggested. Roll call; answer! with a short sentiment from each

member. 2. Best humorous story or joke by a man; best humorous story or joke by

a woman, on home.

V. Announcements and Assignments.

Song: "Our Mountain Home So Dear."

Benediction.

LESSON XI—THE HOME AND THE COMMUNITY CHEST

I. The Lecture.

Every home should recognize in making its budget that its obligations do not end with the care of its own members but include also a sharing with others in improving the home conditions of those in distress or in less fortunate circumstances than themselves. The sharing by the home in philanthropic activities is not only desirable in that, by relieving improper conditions, the environment surrounding the home is improved, but also in that

such activity is necessary for the development of the higher virtues of sympathy, cooperation, and consciousness of community responsibility in the members of the family.

Social work, or the effort of society to prevent and alleviate conditions of social distress and improve the social structure has been passing through a process of rapid change and development during the past few years. Charity

is no longer] conceived of as the giving of alms but rather the effort scientifically to discover the causes of unsocial conditions and so far as possible to aid the unfortunate in regaining the status of a self supporting member of society, and thus obviate the necessity of further help. Charity is today,

therefore, less and less a matter of giving and more and more a matter of personal service by trained workers; less and less a distribution of coal, groceries and clothing and more and more the securing of appropriate employ-

2 88 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ment, proper medical attention, homes for the homeless and the rendering of other forms of helpful service.

In former years in our own communities especially, such types of service were performed by volunteer workers through the church organizations almost exclusively. With the growing complexities of city life, however, there have grown up, in all urban communities to fill the social needs

a great number of social service organizations employing paid workers who are trained in the new profession of social work. Our own Church is

realizing the desirability and necessity of special training for this class of service and is as rapidly as possible training groups of social service workers through the Relief Society Organization.

One of the greatest problems of the social service agencies is their financing. This has been usually accomplished through private contributions

obtained by solicitation and so called "drives."The method is far from

satisfactory. The agencies are engaged in a constant competition each with

the others for securing the public contribution. This is an expensive proposition for the public in that from 15 to 40% of the time, energy and funds

of each agency are consumed in the process of collection. In addition the

contributing public is constantly subjected to the annoyance of solicitors and drives for funds. These considerations are the underlying causes behind

the rapidly growing movement for "Community Chests."

The community chest is an organization set up by the social agencies of a community whereby they combine their solicitations for funds into a united effort, a single drive, "once for all"each year. The proceeds of the

drive are allotted to each participating agency by a central authority on the basis of budgets submitted by the agencies and checked by the central authority. The community chest idea is a direct outgrowth of the "war chests"

created during the world war when the people of cities and towns pooled their contributions for war time philanthropies into a single fund out of which all calls for aid were met. How well the plan of financing is adapted

to peace time social work is indicated by the spread of the community chest plan throughout the United States since the war. On May 31st, 1925, there

were accorded to the American Association for Community Organization, 206 cities in the United States representing 22% of the population of the United

States where local charitable work is financed by means of a community chest and of the "urban population,"i. e., people living in cities of over

30,000 population 66% are in community chest cities. In addition 61

towns of less than 30,000 population are so served. The experience of

cities with community chests demonstrates that more money is collected for philanthropic work under that plan than under the old competitive plan.

Not only are individual contributions larger but a larger proportion of the population give. The public is relieved of constant solicitation for funds

for charity and the time and energy of the boards of various philanthropies are released from problems of finance so that better social work results to the community. In addition there necessarily results a closer cooperation of

the social agencies, a better understanding of the needs of the community in social service, a resulting elimination of duplication of work by agencies and organization of new service to meet needs that are not being cared for. Finally

and perhaps most important of all the community chest is an active factor in developing a community consciousness: based on the idea that the community as a whole rather than any group whether public, private, fraternal, religious or otherwise is responsible for the care of! social misfortune, it fosters

and perpetuates a community point of view and habit of community action in the treatment of social problems which is a valuable asset to the community in all its activities.

The formation of a community chest in a Latterday Saint Community gives rise to problems which require the greatest care in solving. Should

church organizations and institutions under church control join such federations? To do so means a radical change in many respects in existing

.

THE HOME 289

methods of relief work. To refuse to join may mean either that the church

membership is deprived of the opportunity of sharing in community work for social distress and so failing to share in and develop a community consciousness in this work or as is more likely the case that the church membership is bearing a double burden by contributing to the community chest and at the same time supporting the church agencies which are caring for cases of social distress arising among church members. An intelligent understanding and discussion of the problem will go far toward its solution.

II. Thought Exchange.

1 Problems Suggested.

1. How does your community take care of the following cases: the

unemployed; the widowed mother: the child born out of wedlock;

the delinquent; other cases of need?

2. How many agencies are there in your community doing social service

work? Are their workers paid? Are their workers specially trained?

3. How is social service work financed in your community? What

proportion of the homes contribute to it?

4. Should Church organization, such as the Relief Society, doing social

service work, join community chests where they are established?

5. To what extent is our Church a splendid example of making institutional provision for our charity distribution?

2. Problems Suggested by Members of the Class.

III. Social Period.

IV. Announcements and Assignments.

Lesson XII, provided by the class, a home and acquaintance program.

Lesson Acquaintances, and an "At Home"program. XII—New Home

This is an opportunity for the class leader and the class to provide a program to their own liking.

Fremont Stake Fathers and Sons'Outing

A camp site was chosen for this threeday outing amid the pines in beautiful South Leigh's Canyon, twelve miles east of Tetonia and fiftytwo miles from Rexburg. A large spring near camp, icecold water and a large

open space, provided for the comfort and afforded room for playing games.

Three days last summer were occupied in the outing. Camp arrangements

and a great bonfire occupied the first evening with a program under the direction of Bishop Henry Ricks of Teton among the activities. The camp

was named "Watts"in honor of J. A. Watts, chairman of the outing. The

next day the company, led by Milton Mangum, spent the day in a hike up the canyon eastward, reaching Bald Point, about eight miles from camp, at an estimated elevation of 9,000 feet. Just east, the mighty Tetons lifted

their craggy peaks to a height of 13,000 feet, the deep chasms separating the hikers from the Teton range. In this natural reservoir, great banks of

snow fed the head of a stream flowing into Jackson's Hole. Luncheon was

enjoyed on Bald Point, from which location a score of small mountain lakes could be counted within a mile. Returning to camp, another program around

the camp fire was enjoyed, the feature being a talk by Mr. Haines of the

SugarSalem High school on formations observed during the trip. On the

evening of Friday, the third day, the company met at the flag pole, sang and were dismissed by benediction pronounced by William E. Gee. Then the

trip home leading through the beautiful and fertile Teton valley with its broad wheat fields of the Canyon Creek dry farm county, back to the settleTeton, Sugar City, Rexburg, and Hibbard, in the heartments,—Newdale,

of the great topper Snake River valley with its bounteous crops of grain, sugar beets, potatoes, peas and alfalfa. The whole of the trip was delightful,

the fathers and sons obtaining a thrill of inspiration to be remembered through life. J. A. Watts.

Editors Table

Greetings from the First Presidency

From the Christmas Deseret News, 1925.

As ChristmasTide approaches our minds revert to that never to be forgotten night when shepherds who were watching their flocks on the hills of Judea were startled as the glory of the Lord shone round about them, and the angel of the Lord stood before them, and said:

"Fear not, for behold I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people.

"For unto you is born this day, in the City of David, a Savior which is Christ, the Lord.

"And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly hosts, praising God and saying, Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men."

It was a night which was distinct from all other nights which had come and gone since the creation of the earth.

The birth of Christ our Lord was more than an incident, it was an epoch in the history of the world to which prophets had looked forward, of which poets had sung, and in which angels joined their voices with mortals in praise to God. It was the day decreed and foreordained by our Father who is in heaven when He would manifest

himself to his children who are here upon earth, in the person of his

Only Begotten Son.

Whether or not the 25th day of December is the proper date of the birth of Christ, our Lord, matters little, we join wfith other

Christian people in celebrating it as such, and if we observe it in the true spirit of the Master, renewing the covenants which we have made that we are willing to take upon US'his name, and keep the commandments which he has given, our offering will be accepted.

He came that man might see and know God as he is, for he bore witness that whoever had seen him had seen the Father, for he was the express image of his person.

He came to teach us the character of God, and by example and precept pointed out the path which, if we walk in it, will lead us back into his presence. He came to break the bands of death with which

man was bound, and made possible the resurrection, by which the grave is robbed of its victory, and death of its sting.,

After his crucifixion and the death of the apostles whom he had chosen, who suffered martyrdom, at the hands of those who were opposed to the truths which He taught, it appeared that his mission and ministry had been a failure, but as time passed, and the doctrines of Christianity became better understood, thoughtful men turned to him as their source of light and strength, thus preserving faith in

EDITOR'S TABLE 291

his mission and ministry, with the result that Christianity became the dominant influence in the civilizaton and development of the world.

As time passed dissensions occurred in the primitive church. The

laws governing the church established by the Redeemer, were transgressed, the ordinances were changed, the everlasting covenant was, broken. Men began to teach for doctrine their own commandments;

a form of worship had been established which was called Christianity, but was without the power of God which characterized the primitive church. Spiritual darkness covered the earth, and gross darkness the

minds of the people.,

Then there came another epochal period in the history of the world. The time had arrived, foreordained by the Lord, and foretold

by his prophets when another gospel dispensation was to be ushered in, when the Gospel of the Kingdom was to be restored, and preached in all the world, as a witness unto all people before the end shall come.

Again the heavens rejoiced, again heavenly beings communicated the will of the Father to his children who are here upon earth, and men were made glad asthe Dispensation of the Fulness of Times was ushered in.

Joseph Smith was the agent through whom the Lord saw fit to begin the great Latterday Work. To him the Father and Son

appeared in heavenly vision, upon him the keys of the Everlasting

Priesthood were conferred, with authority to transmit them to others, with the promise that the Priesthood should never be taken from the earth again, until the purposes of the Father were accomplished.

Under his direction the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints was organized on the 6th day of April, 1830, and the command given to its members! to bear the Gospel message to all people,

calling them to repentance and faith in Christ, the Only Begotten

Son of God in the flesh, with the promise that whosoever should repent and obey would know, by the gift of the Holy Ghost, that the message which they brought was true.

As a result of this message many thousands of people have been gathered out from the various nations where the Gospel has been preached and brought to Zion, the place designated by the Lord as the gathering place of Latterday Israel. The desert has been made glad

because of them, and has) been converted into fruitful fields. Springs

of living water have broken out to moisten the thirsty land, and cities have sprung up where before was only desolation and wilderness.

Music and the voices* of children are heard in the streets where, silence had reigned supreme.

It is the Lord our God, through his Only Begotten Son, who has done it. To him be the praise and glory forever.

We exhort our brethren and sisters of the Church, wherever they may be, to remain steadfast in their faith. Hold fast to the word of

the Lord, which is the iron rod that will lead us to the Tree of Life.

To the people of the world we appeal to come unto Christ, 292 IMPROVEMENT ERA

through whom redemption cometh to all those who take upon them his name, and keep the commandments which he has given. We

bear witness that the fulness of his gospel has been restored, that his

Church is established, and will continue to spread until peace shall prevail among men, and his kingdom come and his will be done upon earth as it is done in heaven. O Lord, hasten that glorious day.

Sfatty, T&jZP

New Year's Greeting To the young people of the Church, and to all the readers of the Improvement Era, we send our heartfelt greeting, wishing you A

Happy and Prosperous New Year.

The year just past has been full of commendable activities in the

M. I. A. Among them stands out the great jubilee program. It was

the greatest gathering of the youth of the Saints, a signal honor to the organization and a credit to the Church. Our hearts are filled

with gratitude and thanksgiving to the Lord in the knowledge that we have today 100,000 young men and women laboring with commendable energy and seal for their own improvement and for the advancement of our Father's work.

We trust that the impetus given to the cause by the labors of the past will be felt in the Improvement Associations this year and for years to come, and that it will encourage many to prepare for greater works in the Priesthood, and in all the essential activities that characterize progressive and faithful Latterday Saints.

Surely our young people will continue to sustain the cause by individually living their religion as Latterday Saints, really keeping the commandments which the Lord has given for our spiritual and temporal welfare, and for our physical and intellectual well being.

We pray that the youth of Zion and all the members of the

Church at home and abroad may be so guided by the Spirit of the

Lord that men, seeing their good works, may glorify our Father in heaven.

Through the divine mercy and love of our Redeemer, we have been taught the proper course of conduct in the great message revealed to us in the gospel of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Let us live

to it, so we shall be certain to realize in the coming months the rich

EDITOR'S TABLE 293

temporal and spiritual blessings of a Prosperous and Happy New Year.

Sincerely your brethren and fellow laborers,

George Albert Smith, Richard R. Lyman,

Melvin J. Ballard,

General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A.

A Few Words on Curbing and Constraint

The importance of parents and teachers giving their children a right and early start in religious training is sometimes overlooked.

There is no occasion to mince this matter of showing children, boys and girls, in their young years, which way to go, even to the extent of curbing them that they may go certain distances on the desirable road.

Of course, in this matter of restraint, we realize that we arouse the antagonism of most teachers. We declare, however, that it is

better to show the children the road, even to compel them to go a way on it, and then to trust them, than to leave them to select the road themselves, because children lack experience in the important judgments of life that the teacher and the parent should know and point out to them.

Naturally children object to being compelled to do anything these days; hence, in many instances, both in the family and in the school,

they are having their own way, and it is the general opinion of parents and teachers that this latitude should be given the children, and their resulting conduct condoned. Here is an opinion of William Frederick

Biglow, editor of Good Housekeeping, as expressed concerning strictness and latitude given to children compared with former times: "Nothing

has occurred in this present century,"he says in substance, "to prove that the parental discipline of the last was too strict, or, except an occasional family teaching, any too puritanical. The boy who twenty

years ago was compelled to observe the Sabbath day is a better man than twenty years from now the boy will be who today is spending his Sundays away from home, golfing, fishing, joyriding, or loafing on the street corners."Young people are not competent to choose

what they shall do with respect to that which will affect their whole lives. They ought to begin with the best experiences of their parents.

Boys and girls do not know what is best for them, even at the age of eighteen; hence, their elders owe it to them to prescribe what they ought

to do, the way they ought to do it, and to start them in the right direction.

The freedom now given to children is very strangely largely confined to the moral and religious'side of life. One never would

think of starting boys and girls in business with a free, goas-youplease hand, so to speak, as they are now permitted to start and often encouraged to go in the religious life. An army of teachers are engaged

in Impressing the youth of the land with the importance of the right 294 IMPROVEMENT ERA

kind of knowledge in a business sense, and it is well that it is so, because there is very little chance for youths in this age of the world without a thorough intellectual education. But while this direction

and instruction is going on in the business world, and in the intellectual and literary world, who, let it be asked, is filling their souls? People

consider, rather, that the soul needs no filling, only the body and the intellect needs it.

From good authority it is learned that over twentyfive million youths are being educated in the United States today without any religious training; they are growing up as pagans. They know little

or nothing about the significance of the mission of Christ, and his message. They have not read the gospels. Luckily, in the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, we have organizations that teach religion, and which are established especially for the young people.

Much interest and attention is given to this teaching, which is as it should be; but still, there is room for great improvement. And over

and above it all, the home must assert itself with authority and discipline in the government and religious training of the youth of the

Lnd, if we are to remain a Christian nation. Boys and girls must

be taught to pray, to read their Bible, to attend church, and to submit to wise direction. This is the teaching that will result in a

completely roundedout man or woman. A knowledge of God and of

his Son Jesus Christ, which is life eternal, must be a part of the child's education. Without religion, not all the wealth or the intellectual

development that we can get will save the young people from going wrong. They must be brought up to fear God, and this work must be

done in early life; the way must be shown to them, and they must be

earnestly required to walk in it a certain distance, until it shall become a habit with them. They are not competent to make their own

selection, as far as religious doctrine, and principle, and teaching is concerned. It must be pointed out to them by the home, and supplemented by the Church organizations, because it cannot be obtained in

the schools.

Faith in God is the life of all education. A very apt illustration

calls attention to the fact that an automobile manufacturer does not leave the spark plugs out of his car on the theory that those who may want spark plugs will get them for themselves elsewhere; he puts them

in and makes the job complete. Those who are teachers in the religious

world are convinced that a boy will not function normally without religion in his life. We are inconsistent, therefore, in going right ahead,

educating the boys without the spirit of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, expecting them to get the vital "spark"of religion elsewhere.—A.

Training the Lesser Priesthood

We are delighted to call attention to an article in this number of the Era on how to teach a class in the Lesser Priesthood; and bythe-bye,

EDITOR'S TABLE - 295

this teaching, in this particular division of our Church work, is very important. We have at least fifty thousand deacons, teachers) and

priests, in the Church, and it is asked: Who are they, and what of

their training? A statement is made calling attention to the necessity

of intense religious instruction in early days for this great body of young men. A thorough study of the four gospels', so becoming

familiar with the life of Christ, is a good start. The Lesser Priesthood

constitutes the first grades in the Priesthood, where they are to be given their start in the direction in which they will go the rest of their lives. If the deacon and the teacher and the priest be given the

right sort of training, it follows, as the night the day, that the elder and the seventy and the high priest may be trusted to look after themselves; and, for that matter, the boys of the lesser quorums also, where

they should be found as teachers.

If we expect to rear faithful Latterday Saints, people who will take upon themselves responsibilities of the government of the Church and (he establishment of the principles of the gospel in the earth, under the direction of the Lord, they must be trained early in these points; hence, the importance of the proper kind of teachings, of the

proper kind of teachers, in these priesthood quorums, which quoru\s supplement, perhaps to a greater extent than any other organization in the Church, the teachings that should be given in the home. These

children must be fed the bread of life. Their souls cannot get along

empty as well as when full, any more than their bodies can; hence

the importance of this emphatic religious training at this age, and the pointing out of the right way in early days to the children.

In order to be sure that they may continue in that path, they should even be led, and perhaps compelled, to go on it a way, and then they should be trusted.—A.

Books The Book of Life, issued by John Rudin and Company, Inc., 2313

Prairie Ave., Chicago, 111., is issued in eight volumes, nicely and attractively

bound. It is not a story about the Bible, but is King James Version of the

Bible in a story )orm and is practically the Bible itself from Genesis to

Revelation in the unexcelled English of King James version. While retaining the actual Bible text in chronological order, The Book of Life weaves into

scriptural pages the background with great dramatic effect. It makes one

feel that he is treading the very soil on which the Lord Jesus did many good works. For parents, teachers, and Bible students, and especially for young

people, it presents an original and systematic plan of religious education. It

contains wonderful illustrations from the art galleries of Europe with color photographic reproductions of many of the old masters. Perusing these volumes makes the Bible nearer and dearer, and more real to every reader. There

is a great need of encouraging Bible reading at present and The Book of Life seems especially prepared to fill that need.

Priesthood Quorums

How to Teach a Class in the Lesser Priesthood

Prepared for the Presiding Bishopric by John Henry Evans and

P. Joseph Jensen

I—WHO ARE THEY?

Fifty thousand deacons, teachers and priests in the Church! An

army of boys and young men of which any organization has reason to be very proud!

Who are they?

Sons of men and women who are already converted to the gospel. Boys,

therefore, whom it should be easier to train than if both they and their parents were living in unconverted homes.

Who are they?

onlywe have the skill. Such as God has often chosen to do histhat—ifYoung timber in the green, and growing, that can be bent this way or

special work, because witness Samuel, David, Ezekiel, Nephi, pliable—as

Joseph Smith.

Who are they?

The elders, seventies, and high priests of the future, not to speak of will rest the stupendousbishops, presidents of stakes, and apostles—on whom

task of directing the preaching of the gospel to the world and of conserving the faith of. the converts at home.

And what of their training?

The battle is all before them, not behind. They must have the best

armor and equipment that money can buy. And they must have the best

training that devoted service and efficiency can give.

How much is one of them worth? As much as a convert in England

or Germany, or Holland, or one of our American commonwealths, who costs about two thousand dollars for his conversion. You figure that out for

yourself.

These boys are entitled to the best most skilled, the best teachers—the

trained, the most enthusiastic, the most enriched by experience and vision.

And why?

Because, as Professor John Dewey has pointed out in the public school system of education, they constitute the first grades in the priesthood, are to be given their start in the direction in which they wilt go the fest of their lives. For if the deacon and the teacher and the priest be given the right

sort of training, the elder and the seventy and the high priest may be trusted to look after themselves.

Since the work of training these members of the lesser priesthood is done chiefly in the classes, it has been thought advisable to suggest here a few of the principles that should guide in the conduct of a recitation in the quorums of the Aaronic priesthood.

II—LESSON ASSIGNMENT

First, great care must be exercised in the assignment of the "next lesson."Very often it used to be the case that the teacher would say, "Take the next lesson!"or "The next seven pages!"They used to do that in

schools and colleges. But only the poorer teachers do that now anywhere.

The best teachers know better. They understand the immense value arid

opportunity of the assignment.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 297

It is as if one should say, "Son, go and run that automobile!"when

Son had never done so before. Only, we have better sense than to do that,

because we are dealing with a physical object that costs money, and we would be out of pocket, and perhaps out of boy, too, if the boy tried to run the car.

Well, the brain is a machine, only vastly more delicate. That is, it

works in certain ways. To be sure, there are no levers to operate, no cogs

to fit together, no gears to shift. But it works in certain ways, all the same.

The assignment should do two things.

One thing it should do is to arouse interest in the "next lesson."Have

you ever heard some one talk about a book, and you have afterwards gone and bought it or borrowed it from the public library? There's your cue.

Try that on the boys.

Of course, you will have to read that "next lesson"yourself first, to know how to do it, just as the person who aroused your interest in thei book had read it beforehand. Of course, too, you will have to know what

a boy's point of view would be, what his natural interests are. For your

point of view, and your natural interests, are different from his. And, of

course, also, the 'understanding all along must be that your chief aim here is to get all the boys to prepare all the lessons.

Having aroused the interest of the boys in the lesson that is to follow, your next task in the assignment is to make it clear just what it is you want them to do. Be specific, definite. Do you wish them to read the lesson

once or twice? How do you want them to study it? Is there any particular

point you want them to look for in their study of it, and if so, what? And

so on. Make it clear exactly what you expect of the class, and then see that

you get that.

Here, then, are the two things you are to keep in mind in the assignment: Rouse the interest of the boys in the next lesson, and make it perfectly clear what you want them to do and how to do it.

III SOCIALIZE THE RECITATION Secondly, conduct a socialized recitation. What is a socialized recitation?

It is not a recitation where the teacher does all the talking, nor even the principal part of the talking. That is a lecture, not a recitation. It is what

is known as chair teaching. Avoid it as you would poison. For it sets the

boys against class! work, especially class work in religion.

It is not a recitation where a few bright members of the class, or a few who like to talk, occupy the time. That is a showroom, not a classroom

or a recitation. Avoid that, too, if you can.

Also it is not a recitation where pupils are quizzed as to whether they remember the parts they have read. That, of course, may be done. But the

recitation should not degenerate into a mere memory exercise on the part of the class.

The socialized recitation is one, on the contrary, in which all the members take an active part, not because they are expected to, but rather because they are interested, because they want to do so, because they have something to contribute.

One way there is to bring on such a recitation. That is to keep all the

goingson of the class on a level with the experiences of the boys. It is the

easiest thing in the world to put the discussion above the heads of the class, to keep it outside the range of their experience. Then it becomes uninteresting to them. Just as a lecture on the technique of music, or engineering, or

farming would bore you, if you are not a musician, an engineer, or a farmer.

Keep the discussion within the experiencerange of the boys, and you will have no trouble in getting and retaining their interest and inducing them to take part in the recitation.

As an example, take the discussion, of, say, the Sabbath day. You

will have to be an entertaining lecturer indeed if you can talk to twelve dea298 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cons, or twentyfour teachers, or a body of priests for half an hour on this subject and hold their attention. You might do so more easily if you ask

questions on topics on which the class has prepared beforehand. That is, if

you want to test memory. But suppose you throw out the question, "Is it

right to play baseball on Sunday?"Immediately you have a response from

every boy. Why? Because you have touched a matter close to his heart,

within his experience. Of course, such a question should be used merely to

arouse interest. It should then go on to the discussions of the principles

underlying the observance of Sunday.

A socialized recitation is one which produces thought, many thoughts from many angles. Each boy must be made to feel that he can contribute

something to the discussion, and that he wants to do so. And it would be

well to help the boys so to contribute. Often, among older men, one person

will say exactly the same thing that another member has just said. If any

one has something to 'say, he should say it, if it has not already been said.

What any class needs is light. Let every one wish therefore to contribute a

ray for himself.

That is the socialized recitation.

IV—THE APPLICATION

Finally, there is the matter of the application of the points of the recitation. The recitation, we have said, must be such as will have induced

a general participation in the {discussion. But that is not enough. The

discussion must be directed towards a point, the diversified rays of light must focus on a given spot. That is to say, the members of the class must rise

from the discussion of the subject in hand with a definite thought in mind.

This is what was in the mind of the teacher before the recitation began, before even the assignment was made. The purpose of the recitation has been,

and its reward, that this thought, aim, or purpose has been transferred hot from the brain and heart of the instructor to the brains and the hearts of the class, through the socialized recitation.

But it must not lie there. It must be converted into action, into deeds.

Snow, up there on the mountain tops, would be of no avail if it did not melt and run down into the: creeks and be piped into our houses or run out

on our farms. So, too, with ideas and thoughts. They are useless in themselves. They must be transformed into things done. Unembodied ideas are

worse than useless, as a matter of fact, because they clog our lives, make us more culpable if we don't do them, tend to fix on us the habit of not doing.

Action is always the end of thought. If, says Professor William James in

effect, I do not give'up my seat to a lady in the street car, I thereby begin a habit which it will be hard to break after a habit of not making while—the

my conduct correspond to my thinking.

And so the teacher's work is only half done when he gives the class an idea, a thought, a purpose, through the recitation. He should see to it,

if he can, that this idea shall express itself somehow in the lives of the boys.

Often a suggestion will be enough to accomplish this end. But generally some

specific assignment will be found necessary. Habits must be formed in the

young men. That is, they must be led to do a given thing till it becomes

second nature, as we say, till it is transferred into the class of actions that do not need any attention because they occur without our thinking about them.

There is no sounder pedagogical principle in this respect than James'oftquoted sentence:

"Be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves. For

if any be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass: he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway

forgetteth what manner of man he was."

CsMutual Work

The Origin of Scouting Mafeking, a town situated on the extreme northern boundary of Cape

Province, South Africa, and on the edge of the great African "Karoo,"(Kalahani Desert), may properly be termed the cradle of the boy scout movement. It was during the South African Boer War (October, 1899, to

June, 1902), while Mafeking was being besieged by the Dutch, that Lieutenant General Sir Robert S. S.

BadenPowell's chief staff officer, Major Lord Edward

Cecil, organized the boys of Mafeking as a corps for general utility on scout lines, instead of having them serve as cadets, and the experiment was a complete success. This experience taught Sir BadenPowell

that if the training was made to appeal to the boys, they would learn rapidly, and furthermore it was ascertained that the boys were capable of taking responsibilities upon themselves to a far greater degree than was ordinarily believed, up to that time, if only they were trusted. Consequently, the boys were equipped

with bicycles and were used extensively in delivering messages to the British troops who were scattered throughout the surrounding country. The older boys

were also used in the ambulance service and the younger ones were placed at various points to direct the incoming troops to their sleeping and eating quarters.

Seeing the initiative and self confidence which

Showing a King Scout, these experiences developed in the boys in South Africa, same as our Eagle Sir BadenPowell, on his return to England in 1903,

Scout, at Bloemfonfound that a teachers'training school had adopted tein, South Africa. Aids for Scouting, as a text book for charactertrain-

ing. The years 19041905 were spent in gathering

ideas for scouting as a training for boys, and in 1907, Sir BadenPowell established a training camp for scout training at Brown sea Island, England, and its success was so marked that he was prompted to go on with the idea and so, that same year, he organized in London what might be called a

Taken at Victoria Park, Bloemfontein, South Africa; 225 scouts were present at tht

Jamboree, Sept. 26 to Oct. 3, 1925.

300 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Boy's Club."His purpose and chief desire in forming this organization

was to teach and instill in the boys the principle of trustworthiness, loyalty and bravery.

The boy scouts were first organized and later, after his marriage, he brought into existence another organization, which became known as "Cubs,"for boys between the ages of 7 and 10, his wife, Lady BadenPowell, acting as cub mistress. Subsequently he published a book entitled

Scouting for Soys which became very popular and is used even today, as a text book or guide for the scouts of England and also of her colonies throughout the world.

The boys under BadenPowell quickly spread his teachings and during the 1 8 years which have elapsed since the first troop of boy scouts was organized, nearly two million boys have enlisted in this wonderful movement.

As the boys grew older, Sir BadenPowell found that he would probably encounter trouble in his endeavors to keep them interested in scouting and so he organized "The Rovers"for boys who had reached the age of 16 or over. Boys admitted as "Cubs"at the age of 7, became "Scouts"at the

age of/ 12, and "Rovers"at the age of 16. In British South Africa, however, "Cubs"and "Rovers"are not included, since boys in that province are

admitted as scouts, at the age of 12, on passing the tenderfoot test. Leo

Rulon Jensen, Kimberley, South Africa.

Draper Ward Jubilee Draper ward, Salt Lake''county, felt the pulse of the great June Jubilee of the M. I. A., and was perhaps the first, or, at least among the first, that

held a ward Jubilee This association is only a few months younger than the original organization of the Y. M. M. I. A. in Salt Lake City. A committee was organized, the records were searched for the past fifty years, and

the officers who had served during that time in either organization, were invited to be present on December 1, 1925, which was fifty years since the association was organized, and the Jubilee was held on that date. As

the people gathered, they were met by a reception committee, and each person received a carnation, a white one for the older members, and a pink one for the workers of the past twentyfive years. The honored guests were seated

in >the choir seats: eightyseven were present, only seven being unable to

attend. Many came long distances to be present. The house was crowded

with 3 70 people in attendance. The following program was carried out:

"True to the Faith,"song; prayer, Soren M. Rasmussen, president of the

Jordan stake; "Joy to the world, the Lord Will Come,"a hymn, sung by a

group of young women, daughters and granddaughters of the first members of the M. I. A., this song was also sung at the opening of the organization

fifty years ago; Alto F. Andrus gave a history of the Y. L. M. I. A. for the

past fifty years; May Hubbard rendered a vocal solo and Bishop M. B.

Andrus gave a history of the Y. M. M. I. A. for the past fortyeight years.

One of the "M"Men gave a piano solo. The audience repeated the 192526

slogan; two readings and a vocal duet followed. Julia F. Stewart, the

oldest original member of the Draper Mutual, who was President of the

Retrenchment Association made a few happy remarks, highly appreciated.

She and her husband came from Logan to attend the Jubilee. Joseph M.

Smith, one of the oldest members of the Y. M. M. I. A., bore a strong testimony as to the value of the organization; J. Z. Stewart of Logan, an early

resident of Draper, expressed his delight at being present. The final speaker

was Sister Katie C. Jensen of the Y. L. M. I. A. General Board, who bore a

strong testimony coming from the heart. "The Spirit of God like a fire is

burning"was sung by the congregation and the benediction was pronounced by Sister Emily C. Adams of the Y. L. M. I. A. General Board. Following

the program, refreshments and dancing were enjoyed. The occasion was a

great success and its influence will undoubtedly be a stimulus to the future activities of the organization. Bennett Bailey.

MUTUAL WORK 301

Franklin and Oneida Stakes Fathers and Sons'Outing

The Franklin and Oneida stakes held their annual Fathers and Sons'

Outing in July last. They selected Willow Flat as a camp, a place surrounded by large mountains on either side and where the Cub river, clear

and beautiful, springs out from the bottom of a large clift of rock. This

river is formed by two streams which have such a similar beginning and flow down a beautiful and winding canyon. A committee looked after all parts of

the work as outlined. The three days were spent at the camp. A bonfire

was built and a Court of Honor held, the latter being one of the main features, for that night; badges were awarded to scouts of high rank. Scout songs

were sung and interesting stories told, after which the company, ranging in age from 74 to 2 years, retired, being lulled to sleep by the music of the stream and the forest. After the morning setting up exercises, and the clearing of the breakfast dishes, the company assembled for a hike the second

day, in different directions, the highest peaks of the mountain tops being the goals. On returning to camp, reports of the hikes were made. Games

were played and after supper, another large campfire, at which a splendid program was enjoyed by all. On the third day, preparations for the return

home were made in order and care, an outstanding feature of our entire outing.

All the company seemed glad and satisfied. E. A. Jensen, Preston, Idaho.

t'S *M 1 1 **% rSk

* 1 IR

I

if''ORIGIN OF CUB RIVER, IDAHO 351 1 11 1 1

3 02 IMPROVEMENT ERA Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, November, 1925

STAKES

Alpine 1 OOOj 1 8 14 117| 91 172l 290 670 1041 69 100 184|457

Beaver e 3091 5 4| 3 3 1 66 3 SJ76 213 3 1 ] 52 33 59)175

Benson 5 62| 13 10 92| 109 ll 0| 37 115 463 58| 56 60 68i258 1 72 113 47 185J435Box Elder 638J13 91|202 99 73 196 66 1

Carbon 5901 10 4| 36| 39 33. 70 1781 25 27 16 38| 106

Cottonwood 71 8| 1 95| 104 210 259 668 62 140|175 451

Deseret 471112 1 1 0| 1 8 1 154| 1 7] 143| 605 84 79 11 8 2 J 3 2 5

Emery 525] 9 65| 50 14 lj 12401 496 33 | 102 156J344

Ensign 962 8 79| 126 2151 90 237 747 69|135 66 166 508

Garfield 277] 8 161 21 28| 24 89 9 12 27 61

Granite 10001 9 1001 100 2 1 8| 1 05 227 7501 89 62| 155 180 568

Grant 1232|14 72 71 154| 42 188 527 63 501 10 143 386

Gunnison 288| 7 48] 57 74 14 54 247 37 39| 45 32] 1 6

Jordan 101 1 1 16 1 10] 1 28 141 211 590 92 87] 87 1361402

Juab 339| 5 44| 82 84 112 322 36 66] 42 76 220

Kanab 228] 6 461 42 30|. 48 166 34 26| 25 44 129

Liberty 1350|12 124| 298 201 304 1119 109 141 231|144 260 885

Logan 6 1 5 1 1 7 73 63 112 178 426 56 37 65 111 269

Millard 344 6 48 71 50 86 267 37 50 64 188

North Davis—450 4 37 41 50 47 185 35 29 133

North Sanpete.. 736 8 65 63 133 198 487 53 153 340

North Sevier. 270 4 34 41 33 42 168 29 33 130

North Weber. 742 15 124 142 226 283 775 95 73]116 173 457

Oquirrh 462 53| 60 83 1 9] 1 25 340 46 27 50 95 233

Panguitch,261 40] 67 55 491102 313 30 49 53 64 246

Parowan 491 48) 100 871 3611101 38138 38 57] 57 60 222

Pioneer 776 67] 57 03 72 108 407 53 37| 77 79 293

St. George. 6 8 2 [ 1 98J195 99 1 139 531 62 108J108 106 467

Salt Lake 1073 | 1 1 3 1 1 1 6 45 45|274 756 104 881106 212 542

San Juan 182| 4 34| 49 54 24| 71 232 26 42 33 50 167

Sevier 360| 6 48| 56 54 1120 278 38 40j 40 100 218

South Sanpete480| 7 32| 73 1 9 6 201 26 44 601130

South Sevier 304| 8 281 19 34 | 41 122 22 15 24 31 92

Tintic 179\ 5 31 43 20 7| 78 235 19 28 10 44 103

Tooele 398(10 62 75 75 12| 1 14 338 46 46 36 90 224

Wayne 160| 6 26 21 31 5| 43 126 15 7 11 25 61

Weber 667| 8 78 76 88 197 439 499 60 49 131 289

Bannock 242) 8 64 79 6 55 258 50 47 45 41 181

Bear Lake 363 11 80 80 97 9 116 382 57 53 60 67 244

Blackfoot, 514 12 6 45 73 49 6 57 230 38 53 27 47 170

Bois 364] 8 3 25 18 20 31 94 22 16 15 25 78

Cassia 111[ 6 5 37 47 9 23 39 155 28 38 4 16 21 107

Curlew 124| 10 3 23 40 28 23 114 16 13 17 19 65

Franklin 420|11 9 69 95 30 98 292 56 56 20 59 197

Fremont 687 14 11 9 9 166 34 71 139 609 71 102 80| 38 100] 391

Idaho 203 11 7 50 74 35 31 190 36 40 14| 19 109

Lost River 136 4 2 13 19 16 22 70 10 10 1 l| 10 41

Montpelier 367 13 12 66 76 64 40 89 335 52 43 54] 7 73 229

Oneida 354 11 9 74| 81 60 121 336 47 47 29| 93 216

Pocatello 524 10 9 82 100 13 46 158 499 59 57 56| 42 105 329

Raft River 160 9 4 27 37 18 25 107 17 22 9| 15 63

Rigby 538 13 9 72 79 72 20 69 312 51 44 351 13 37 ISO

Shelley 335 9 3| 30 45 10 24 24 133 21 23 51 14 16 79

Teton 300 8 3 28 24 29 20 101 18 21 19| 14 72. 1

MUTUAL WORK 303

3-3 a.", a -a a O y g= i a a T3 S | W aa aa

OS <J STAKES 2p MS 3I oS3 ||.25 31 "3Eio S5 "as E-i3 CO

CO is < |l fa *i "a << S< d i"3 o,3 Twin Falls, 220 61 51 39 83 36 54 212 34 43 27 37 141

Yellowstone 396 10 6 48 79 53 73 253 38 55 31 52 176

Jaurez 115 5| 5| 30 78 20 ii 70 209 26 37 14 11 50 138

Alberta 302 ll|lll 9211: 140 1 176 528 64 79 77 150 370

Lethbridge - 223 9 7\ 59 j 61 65 23| 48 256 37 37 33 13 38 158

Maricopa 402 8 8 74| 126 101 27| 1 28 456 58 82 72 18 90 320

St. Joseph 370 15 12| 90 107 112 23 | 14 473 74 74 71 14 105 338

Snowflake 290 10 6 36 92 27 39| 62 256 28 50 17 19 42 156

Star Valley 359 11 11 101 68 109 27 95 400 73 59 83 22 66 303

Taylor 327 6 6 77 78 101 34 68 358 57 55 59 20 35 226

Woodruff.—435 9 7 60 100 77 14 83 334 45 65 29 13 49 201

45 4 4 75 76 47 74 6 128 16 8 78 15 5 7?

N. W. States. 276|20 15 65 130 37 19 15 266| 53 98 30 15 9 205

Y. M. M. f. A. Efficiency Report, November, 1925

u O M a ia ao 'S-= OTg "a "is ta CO T3aa < STAKES fa p oH 3 r5 bfl K CO S3o Alpine... 6 4 8 9 8 9 10 6 9 9 78

8 10 10 7 7 10 6 8 10 10 86 Benson 8 6 7 5 6 7 7 5 5 5 61 Box Elder - - 10 10 7 7 2 9 8 5 10 10 78

Carbon 3 6 4 2 1 10 6. 10 4 46

Cottonwood 9 10 9 10 9 10 10 10 8 9 94 10 5 8 10 4 Id 9 10 5. 10 81

Emery 9 10 9 8 9 9 8 5 10 6 82

Ensign 7 7 10 10 10 10 5 5 10 10 84

Garfield... 3 10 10 6 10 10 4 10 8 71

8 10 10 10 10 10 7 4 10 10 89 Grant 4 10 5 4 4 5 5 2. 5 5 49

Gunnison 9 7 9 3 9 9 6 5 9 7 7 b

Jordan 6 '10 7 5 5 7 6 4 7 7 b4 9 10 10 6 8 10 9 7 10 8 8/ Kanab 7 10 10 10 7 10 7 5 10 10 86

Liberty 9 10 10 10 10 10 9 8 10 10 96

Logan.. 8 6 10 10 8 10 10 3 10 8 83

Millard 8 10 10 5 5 10 6 5 7 8 74

North Davis 4 10 10 10 10 10 10 6 10 10 90

North Sanpete.. 6 10 8 8 8 8 7 4 6 8 73

North Sevier 6 10 8 7 7 10 6 5 10 3 72

North Weber. 10 9 9 8 6 8 8 10 10 8 86

Oquirrh 7 7 10 10 10 10 10 5 10 10 89

Panguitch..—10 10 8 3 7 7 5 10 10 70

Parowan 7 7 8 8 6 9 2 6 6 4 63

Pioneer 5 10 9 7 7 9 5 4 8 8 n

St. George. 8 10 10 10 10 10 6 5 10 79

Salt Lake 7 10 10 10 10 10 7 9 10 10 93

San Juan. 10 10 10 10 7 10 10 10 7 10 94

Sevier. 8 10 10 9 10 10 7 10 10 10 94

304 IMPROVEMENT ERA

s a TO a1a aQ '-= 3 *C9 1 s E9 STAKES, < BO '3o & fa.0B bi 3 S BO8 sl os i

South Sanpete.. 4 10 10 10 7 10 10 2 10 10 83

South Sevier 4 10 10 7 3 10 I 6 1 7 8 64

Tintic... 7 7 10 8 5 10 8 4 10 10 79

Tooele 9 10 8 4 3 9 7 8 5 7 70

Wayne 8 5 5 8 2 2 5 5 40 7 9Weber 7 7 10 10 4 5 10 10 79

Bannock 10 10 10 10 5 10 10 75—10Bear Lake 10 9 5 10 9 9 6 8 9 78

Blackfoot 4 10 9 5 5 10 5 7 10 8 73

Boise 2 10 2 2 2 4 2 2 2 2 30 Cassia 10 10 10 4 4 10 10 7 8 10 83

Curlew 9 6 10 2 10 3 9 5 8 57 Franklin 6 10 8 10 5 10 10 6 10 10 85

Fremont 8 6 7 10 7 8 7 5 8 8 74

Idaho 9 6 10 4 8 10 5 7 10 10 79

Lost River 5 6 5 3 2 2 5 1 5 3 37

Montpelier 8 10 7 5 4 7 6 5 6 6 64

Oneida 9 7 10 10 7 10 9 8 9 9 88

Pocatello 9 7 9 6 8 9 5 8 9 8 78

Raft River 7 9 7 3 7 10 7 8 7 65

Rigby 6 6 9 8 8 9 7 5 10 9 77 Shelley 4 6 3 1 3 3 2 3 3 3 31

Teton 3 10 3 3 7 10 5 10 5 56 Twin Falls 10 10 8 5 6 8 6 4 7 8 72

Yellowstone 6 10 10 3 7 10 10 9 10 10 85

Juarez 10 10 10 10 5 10 10 5 10 10 90

Alberta 10 10 9 7 8 9 9 9 9 9 89

Lethbridge 10 7 10 10 io 10 10 7 10 10 94

Maricopa 10 10 10 6 9 10 10 9 10 10 94

St. Joseph 10 10 10 6 3 10 "9 '8 10 10 86

Snowflake 9 6 10 10 2 10 6 6 4 8 71

Star Valley 10 10 8 5 6 10 7 6 7 9 73

Taylor 10 6 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 10 95

Woodruff 8 6 1 io 1 8 7 9 5 7 4 9 73

Young 10 6 10 3 5 10 3 3 10 10 70

N. W. States.. 9 1 io 9 2 4 10 6 5 7 7 69

Note: Liberty leads with 9 6 points; Taylor follows with 95; then come

Cottonwood, San Juan, Lethbridge, and Maricopa closely up with 94 each. Sixtyseven reported though nine were very late. Only 2 7 were silent. Why? Speed up

the report for December, by January 10. Thanks.

The Brigham Young University announces its Fifth Annual Leadership

Week, to convene at Provo on January 25, to last for one week. Sixteen

short courses supporting the central theme, Better Teaching of Religion, will be given. These courses follow: Religious education, methods of teaching religion, psychology for parents, story telling and reading for children, scouting, art as an aid to better teaching, pageantry, music, play production, recreation, health and home sanitation, genealogy and temple work,

home problems, training for parenthood, farmers'conference, and social welfare. Anyone may attend, and it is free.

A Catholic day of thanksgiving was proclaimed, November 19, 1925.

by the pope, to be observed throughout the world, as an expression of gratitude for the success of the pope's year of jubilee.

The eighty -seventh anniversary of the birth of the late President Joseph

F. Smith was observed, November 13, by the members of the Smith family

association and others, by a special Temple session and ordinance work for the relatives of the Prophet Joseph Smith. A children's party was

held in the Bishop's building November 14.

The new premier of France is Aristide Briand, who has been at the head of the French government before. He succeeded on November 27 to

form a cabinet, after several unsuccessful attempts. Mr. Loucheur, reported

to be the wealthiest man in France, was selected for the position of finance minister.

The Locarno treaties were ratified by the British House of Commons,

November 19, 1925, with overwhelming majority. Mr. Chamberlain, who

received almost an ovation, explained that he did not hope that the treaties would make war impossible, but he did claim it would make it difficult for any European power to begin a war of aggression.

The Italian war debt to the United States, being $2,042,000,000, is, according to an agreement between the debt commissioners in Washington,

November 12, 1925, to be paid in 62 years, in annual installments of from $5,000,000 to $80,000,000. Interest charges graduate from *4 of one

per cent, beginning at the end of five years, to 8 per cent the last seven years.

An important ruling by the International Court of Justice at the Hague was given November 27, 1925, to the effect that the decision of the Council of the League of Nations regarding the dispute between Great Britain and

Turkey over the Mosul question should be binding upon both parties. The

Turkish council of ministers under Mustapha Kemal Pasha has decided to refuse com'pulsory arbitration by the League Council on this question.

The mummy of Tutankhamen was uncovered, November 13, 1925.

It was covered with gold. On the breast were two gold scarabs, and on the

head was a large gold crown. Goldhilted swords and goldhandled knives

were among the articles found. The dispatches say that the humanshaped

coffin incasing the mummy, and the exquisite workmanship of the ornaments found inside the solid gold case surpass in value anything ever uncovered by archaelogists. Experts believe that Tutankhamen was only

about 1 5 years old at the time of his death.

The German Reichstag ratified the Locarno treaties, November 27, 1925, with a decided majority. Germany will now become a member of the

League of Nations, and the probability is that a European disarmament conference will be called as soon as practicable. By a rising vote the Reichstag adopted a motion submitted by the three middle parties whereby the

government is requested to use every effort in the time intervening between now and Germany's formal admission to the League to obtain from the allies a greater measure of alleviation in the Rhineland, and other concessions than already granted.

An oil well has come into existence near Moab, Grand Co., Utah. It

is situated in the Colorado River, seven miles by airline from Moab. The

nearest railroad station is Thompson, on the D. & R. G. "Blowingin"of

3 06 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the well at a depth of 2,028 feet at 6:15. Dec. 7, in the morning while the

crew was at breakfast, and the subsequent development of a flow estimated to be at least 350 barrels of oil daily, and 3,000,000 cubic feet of gas gave an entirely new aspect on the outlook for the oil industry in Utah. Salt Lake

men concede that the strike is likely to be one of the most important events in the history of the development of Utah's resources.

The Sixtyninth congress convened December 7, 1925, and immediately settled down to business. Nicholas Longworth, congressman from Ohia. and

sonin-law of the late President Roosevelt, was elected Speaker of the House.

President Coolidge's message was read December 8, in the senate and house by the clerks. The president recommended tax reduction, strengthening

of aviation, power to deal with labor disputes in the coal industry, cooperative marketing as an aid to agriculture, enforcement of the prohibition law, railroad consolidation, the sale of muscle shoals, and adherence to the world court. The president also expressed gratification over the acceptance of

the Locarno security treaties, and said he would be willing for the Uniter States to take the lead in any further practical measures for the reduction of armaments.

The new Rioerdale ward chapel and recreation hall, Weber stake, were dedicated by President Heber J. Grant Sunday, December 13, at a dedicatory

service held in the beautiful chapel. There were 577 persons present. President Grant referred to the progress made by Church members through their

sacrifices. Bishop Murray K. Jacobs, who presided, reported that the

building had been erected in the short time of eighteen months; both members

and nonmembers of the Church had aided in its building, and the biggest factor was the unity of the people, and the generosity of President Grant.

The building cost $39,000. President Grant offered the dedicatory prayer

at the conclusion of his address. The new building includes a chapel,

recreation hall, bishop's office, and a number of class rooms, replacing the smaller building erected in 1900.

Earl Egbert Young of Logan has been appointed Rhodes scholar from

Utah, as announced December 1 3 by the committee in charge. He won the

honor in competition with nine other candidates. The scholarship is

effective for three years, beginning in October of next year, and is good at any of the Oxford colleges. The selection was made after an allday session

of the committee held in the offices of Dr. George Thomas, president of

the University of Utah. The following are others selected from Western

states: B. Wicart. Tucson, Arizona, University of Arizona. Arizona—Carleton Idaho—Harold C. Montana—Paul K. Wymrin, Mead, Washington: University of Idaho.

Ocheltree. San Francisco. California, University of Nevada. Nevada—John B. Hennessy, University of Virginia. New Mexico—Milton 0-

Ross, Laramie, Wyoming; University of Wyoming. Wyoming—George T. Bahn, Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania.

Funeral services for Samuel Orson White, Beaver, were held in the

East ward chapel, Sunday, November 22. 1925, conducted by Mark Woolley.

The deceased was born in Nauvoo, 111., December 17, 1844, the son of

Samuel Dennis White and Marv Hannah Burton. He came to Utah with

his parents in 1850. and settled in Beaver in 185 9. At the age of 19, in

1864, Mr. White made a trip back to the Missouri river to get a grist mill,

and herded cattle for the Church until fall while he awaited the delivery of the mill. During the winter of 186566 he.hauled paper from California

for the Deseret News, and in the spring made another trip for his father across the plains. On October 5, 1867, he married Mary Ellen Woodhouse

in the endowment house at Salt Lake. From this union five daughters and

six sons were born. The mother died in 1892. On June 23. 1894, Mr.

White was made second counselor to Bishop George Munford, which position

PASSING EVENTS 307

he held until January 4, 1903. In November. 1895, he married Miss

Elizabeth Gudgeon, and one son and four daughters were born from this union.

Dowager Queen Alexandra of Great Britain died at her home at Sandringham, England, November 20, 1925, of heart failure, 81 years old. She was

born in Copenhagen. December 1, 1844. the daughter of King Christian IX,

of Denmark, and was married to Edward, prince of Wales, March 10, 1863, who afterwards became King Edward VII. She adopted the title of Queen

Mother when her son, George V, and Queen Mary ascended the throne.

Queen Alexandra was related by blood or marriage to many European royal families. She was a sister of King George of Greece, who was assassinated

in 1913; of King Frederick VIII of Denmark, and of the former Dowager

Empress, Marie Dagmar of Russia. The Emperor Nicholas II of Russia, who,

with his family, was killed by the Bolsheviki, was her nephew, as was also the former Emperor William of Germany, and King Haakon VII of Norway.

Another nephew, by marriage, is King Alfonso VIII of Spain, husband of the former British Princess Ena of Battenberg, the daughter of King Edward's sister, Beatrice. Queen Alexandra's younger sister, Dagmar, was married to

Alexander III of Russia three years after her own betrothal to the then

Prince of Wales.

The SwedishAmerican line motorship "Gripsholm"arrived in New

York, November 30, 1925, from Gothenburg, November 21, after a successful trip. She is the first large motorboat to cross the Atlantic, and it is

thought probable that the voyage marks a new epoch in ocean navigation.

She is propelled entirely by Diesel engines. Crude oil is used for combustion.

Each engine drives a propeller, and the combined horsepower is about 22,000. The ship is equipped with all the luxuries of modern ocean travel.

Hinman D. Folsom passed awau at 554 Sixth Ave., Salt Lake City,

November 28. 1925, after several months'illness. He has lived in Canada

the last 20 years, but returned to Salt Lake about six months ago. Mr

Folsom was born in Keokuk, Iowa, and accompanied his father to Utah when he was 12 years of age. He is survived by his widow, Mrs. Gertrude Linard

Folsom, and the following children: Minnie, Hinman D., Jr., and Gertrude,

and the following brothers and sisters: Mrs. Frances Wallace. Mrs. Louise

Brown. Eliza, Walter G.. Henry G.. William G., Mrs. Oliva Butler, Mrs.

Mattie Asper. Mrs. Alice Miles, Rachael, Amy. Edgar, Elvy. Nellie, Elizabeth, and Mrs. Ruth Wantland. i

The Boise Stake Tabernacle, Idaho, was dedicated Dec. 7. 1925. by

President Heber J. Grant, in the presence of over 1,000 conference attendants.

The building, which has been erected at the cost of about $91,000 is considered one of the finest Church edifices in the city and is situated but two blocks from the state capitol. It provides a large auditorium, has a commodious amusement hall, offices for the stake presidency, Relief society quarters

and class rooms. It is constructed of art brick trimmed with sandstone and

cement, and through an alteration of the original plans cost approximate! /

$10,000 more than was at first estimated. Liberal contributions were made

by stake members, and a number of donations were received from Boise business houses and banks not connected with the Church. Joseph Don

Carlos Young was the architect. President Grant was accompanied to Boise

by Presiding Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon, and both addressed the conference.

Members of the stake presidency, the stake high council and some bishops of wards were also speakers. A financial report on the tabernacle was made

by President Heber Q. Hale, who presided at both the morning and afternoon

services. Special music for the dedication services was furnished by Mrs.

Carmen B. Smith. Bessie G. Hale, a male quartet and the stake choir under

the direction of Theodore Barraclough. An evening session was conducted

under the auspices of the stake M. I. A.

Utah's largest concrete bridge, over the Bear river, at Corinne, wai opened on November 11. 1925. Governor Dern and other state officials

took part in the ceremony. One thousand persons gathered at the immense

structure. The bridge, designed by the State Road Commission, is the joint

effort of State and Federal engineers and designers: it is constructed of reenforced concrete, and is of the girder type, the floor system and railing

being prepared on three reenforced concrete girders. Its total length is 267

feet, over all 330 feet, into five spans. The structure is carried on wood

piles driven thirtyfive to fortyfive feet below the bed of the stream. The

total cost will be between $57,000 and $58,000. Governor Dern and his

party drove across the birdge and through the paper barrier which carried the legend. "Gateway to the Great Bear River Valley,"and the <road was opened

to the traveling public. I

IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1926

Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter,. Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr.Heber J. Grant, | P

Edward H. Anderson, f Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103. Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

One Dozen of the One Thousand Frontispiece

Your Boy. A Poem Bertha A. Kleinman 217

The Divinity of Jesus Christ Elder Orson F. Whitney 219

Eternal Hope. A Poem Le Max Saxon 227

Myself and I Elder James E. Talmage 228

When a Man Offers D. C. Retsloff 229

God the Father's Purpose in Creation Elder B. H. Roberts 230

Book of Life. A Poem M. A. Stewart 237

Testimony. Hymn with Music Euan Stephens 238

Bits of Philosophy Nephi Jensen 239

Maneater. A Tale of the Range Albert R. Lyman 240

The Crag. A Poem Ward Evans 242

A Visit to the Home of Hawaii's Leper Patients—.William M. Waddoups 243

A Plea. A Poem Clark Golden 252

The American Falls Dam and Project. Illustrated. //[/rum Kay 253

Why a Temple in Hawaii? Illustrated J. A. Hendrickson 258

Gems of Thought Phineus Tempest 262

Sunday School SongWriting Contest 263

Obstruction. A Poem Satella Jaques Penman 263

Karl G. Maeser and the Brigham Young University Wer Richard R. Lyman 265

Anticipation. A Poem Satella Jaques Penman 265

The Wrong Girl. A Story Agnes Just Reid 266

The Paneled Soul. A Poem D. Jordan Rust 268

Education as a Public Enterprise Milton Bennion 269

Mystery. A Poem Ruth May Fox 271

Why not Abolish Jazz? Fred W. L. Bennett 272

Refining Fires. A Poem Annie G. Lauritzen 273

The Locarno Treaties.J. M. Sjodahl 274

Be Game. A Poem Charles D. Gold 274

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated; 277

The Home 2 8 6 Fremont Stake Fathers'and Sons'Outing 289

Editors'from the First Presidency 290 Table—Greeting

New Year's Greeting Y. M. M. I. A. Superintendency292

A Few Words on Curbing and Constraint 293

Training the Lesser Priesthood 294

Books 295 Priesthood Quorums 296 Mutual Work 2 9 Passing Events 305 Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to our readert

the firms and goods found in our advertising pages.

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Modern Furniture

Bennett's Service Stations Salt Lake Costume

Deseret News Southern Pacific Lines

Ins. Co. Life Intermountain Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker Co. Jewelry Jensen's

L. C. Smith Typewriter Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

L. D. S. Business College Utah Power & Light

Model Knitting Works Zion's Cooperative Mctle. Inst.

TRADE WITH TOUR FRIENDS

Our Slogrnn: Every Customer a Friend

Our specialty is furnishing homes for young people, and we have done it so well, during the past 44 years, they have become strong boosters and customers for life. Let us help you.

Our prices are guaranteed to be as low as the lowest, quality considered.

We are strong for quality Easy payments by the week or month. Everything for tlie Home.

MODERN FURNITURE CO.

E. Jenkins, Persident; J. B. Sharp, VicePresident;

O. E. Davey, Manager, Secretary and Treasurer

234236 South State Street Salt Lake

The NEW Y. M. M. I. A. HAND BOOK

IS JUST OFF THE PRESS And ready for distribution. Send us your order now. You cannot run your Mutual without it. Price 35 cents.

Write GENERAL BOARD Y. M. M. I. A.

L. D. S. Church Office Bldg. Salt Lake, Utah

LET

Uht News MWM POLICY PROTECT YOU The Deseret News offers to old and new subscribers a service worth while $7,500 Travel and Pedestrian Accident

Policy for $1.00

Some one has to PayLet us tell you all about it

It doesn't matter whose fault it proves to be The DESERET NEWS Are You Insured? SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Important Announcement

Here is your opportunity to add to your collection of Church

Literature. We will send the following manuals postpaid to

any address in the United States or Canada for 10 cents per copy.

Make your selections and write us.

The Life of Jesus.

The Apostolic Age.

Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, No. 1.

Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, No. 2.

Principles of the Gospel, No. 1.

Principles of the Gospel, No. 2.

New Witnesses for God, No. 1.

New Witnesses for God, No. 2.

Modern Revelation.

Spiritual Growth.

Science and the Gospel.

The Making of the Man.

The Making of the Citizen.

The Making of a Citizen.

The Individual and Society.

Man in Relation to his Work.

The Vocations of Man.

Conditions of Success.

The Ancient Prophets, No. 1.

The Ancient Prophets, No. 2.

Characters from Ancient History.

The Life of Jesus.

The Acts of the Apostles.

Lessons in Church History, I.

Lessons in Church History, II.

The Development of Character.

The Individual and Society.

Three Manuals: "Conduct,""Courage"and "Success."

Address your communications to

GENERAL BOARD Y. M. M. I. A.

L. D. S. Church Office Bldg., Salt Lake, Utah

INDIVIDUAL SACRAMENT SETS NOW IN STOCK

Best in the market

ivill last a life time—36 glasses in

each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Made especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used in Utah

and InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with

Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

ONE OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Bishop's Office, Bern, Idaho, May 2, 1921.

"I am in receipt of the Individual Sacrament Set, consisting of four trays and the proper number of glasses.

"Everything arrived in good condition. We are very pleased with it.

I take this occasion to thank you for your kindness."

BUREAU OF INFORMATION Temple Block Salt Lake City

Humorous Hints

took care of the ventila- A man reported that he was the draft clerk—he

tion in the bank.

A correspondent once asked for Mark Twain's advice on the question whether fish was good for the brain. Mark Twain answered promptly,

"Yes; and judging by your letter, I should prescribe two whales daily."

A young lady in Idaho reports that she has lost four pounds dodging grasshoppers. "They are so thick, and jump so far,"she continued, "that

the people of the town gather the hops and make their own homebrew."

They were inspecting a horse that one of them had for sale. The

horse was brokenwinded, but otherwise looked well. "See his sleek coat,

isn't it beautiful?"said the owner. "Yes,"said the wouldbe purchaser,

"but I don't like his pants."

Bros. Typewriter Co. L.C. Smith &

NEW AND REBUILT MACHINES FOR SALE

Monthly payment plan if desired

Special rental rates to students

Write for free catalogue Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECTION PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of the United States If paid In advance, 20c, extra on each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here In our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

prices on market. Mall your order to us now and say you saw It in the

"Improvement Era."If order is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light Summer weight bleached $1.49

11 Light weight cotton 1.50

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.75

60 Medium weight cotton 1.76

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

90 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2.2S

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

50 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 3.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture J. 00

16 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white silkalene * 8.40

18 All Marino wool 5.50

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 62 to 64 lengths, as desired. Longer than 64

Inches or over 44 in. bust, each size 20c. extra. Garments with double

backs 25c. extra per suit. We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center on top of

shoulder down to inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

&.CC6D X6CL

If "Modified Style,"short sleeves, low neck, buttons etc., Is wanted, so state

and add 25c. per suit to above prices, or regular Garment will be Bent to you.

KNITTING WORKSMODEL CHRISTIANSON, Manager FRANKLIN

CI7 Iverson St., Salt Lake City, Utah. Phone Hy. 614

47 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

. renew Dear Brethren: Enclosed find $2 for which please my subscription

enter to Volume XXIX Improvement Era, beginning with the issue of November, 1925.

Name - (Write first name in full) Ward - - Street and Number...

R. F. D P. O

Date, 1925. State Notice: Subscriptions may begin any time, but most readers prefer the complete

volume. Why not send the Era to a friend as a Christmas present?

IS THERE NO TOP

No man or woman ever reaches his limits of progress, though many stagnate for want of effort. Are you in a rut? Are you standing by while the world

moves forward. Wake yourself. Get into day school or evening school and

do some regular study. Make ready for opportunity.

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE WE ARE IN SESSION ALL THE YEAS

DAY AND EVENING to A Timely Word Departing Missionaries

Before you depart for your field of labor, call at this store and check the numerous items that go in the "kit"of the well equipped missionary.

All the Church Works, in various bindings, and other gospel literature here for you to choose from.

What about a Fountain Pen—Stationery Camera—Bill Fold—Money Purse—Diary

Brief Case—Dictionary?

Pay us a be welcome whether you make a visit—you'll

purchase or not.

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City

Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

Fire Is No Respecter of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insurebut the fire may not.

11 See our agent in your town"

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HERER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

UELI3E UT MAUGHAN VC LL5V L LE UT

TRY OUR NEW GASOLINE

BLUGREEN BOYCEITE BluGreen gasoline is the only carbonless fuel in America today. Wherever you see Bennett's Boyceite treated gasoline featured be

it.sure it is BluGreen in color—or don't accept

BENNETT'S SERVICE STATIONS

Mountaineer Strong Seams Overalls are made from first quality Denim—guaranteed for quality, fit and service.

SOMETHING DIFFERENT

the Spring-O-All Suspender, no rubber to rot, nothing to wear out.

Our efforts are being put forth to make this year the banner year in the history of

Vhe BIG HOME COMPANY YOU NEED OUR INSURANCE WE WANT YOUR BUSINESS Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Home Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

Heber J. Grant, Pres. Lorenzo N. Stohl, Mgr.