'% J>

f\**&. --J*%

*&L*r*--

trJB**''. '

r 5JY ''1 JKTP/?""fflL

r

.'In this issue:

**-> How to Receive a Blessing from God ''.. A New Dimension in Home Teaching V- i *

'v. #/ '-* t-t \ *-jm.:mv, aj;S me

MODERN DESIGN USES ANCIENT MATERIAL IN A NEW COLOR How does one blend some of the more interesting a traditional touch, are of modern plywood. General

aspects of traditional architecture with a completely contractor was Research Homes; masonry contractor

contemporary look? Pictured is the answer of Archi- L. A. "Barney"Roberts.

tect Ron Molen, of the Salt Lake City firm of Glen INTERPACE Face Brick in Sierra Brown met the

Ashton Lloyd. The structure: his own home. design needs of Architect Molen perfectly. This, or

Two of the oldest materials known to man are one of our other distinctive new colors, may just be used: brick for insulation and winter warmth, and the way to help lift your home's design out of the

wood for contrast. Face brick is Sierra Brown, one of ordinary.

eight exciting new colors offered by INTERPACE. The Tell your architect or builder that you want Face

wood siding is roughsawn cedar. Brick by INTERPACE, and have him show you the

Vertical windows accentuate the dramatic interior wide range of colors, shapes and textures that is space provided by a twostory living room. Dormers, available.

FACEQuality Architectural CeramicsBRICKby JtNTERPACE

INTERNATIONAL PIPE & CERAMICS CORPORATION 1081 SOUTH SECOND WEST, SALT LAKE CITY PHONE: 3284761

Los Angeles San Francisco San Diego Sacramento Santa Clara Portland Seattle Spokane Denver Phoenix Honolulu (American Factors) Why the Godless hate these hooks

... and why the Godfearing find daily inspiration in them

Great Books contain the great truths that are fatal to compare Plato's ideas on life after death with the dictators, vital to religious men and women everywhere. teachings of the Bible. In

In these volumes you can trace the origin and developthe Syntopicon under ment of religious freedom, tolerance, the brotherhood of chapterand-verse"Immortality,"youreferfind man, and other concepts by which you live. ences to #// mentions of the

subject in the Bible, plus exact references to each of From the pages of Great Books, 74 Thomas Jefferson. the hundreds of ideas on immortality

immortal authors speak to you. Yet these 74 immortals, whose in Great Books.

From them you can gain strength numbers include poets, philosophers, to live with the troubles of our times. dramatists, novelists, historians, FREE OFFER... act now!

As you read them your mind is scientists, political and economic Find out more about Great Books.

stimulated, your spirits lifted, your thinkers, are all important to the Just mail in the attached post card life enriched. You see why these churchgoing millions of Americans for a profusely illustrated 16page

great thoughts are the deadliest today. booklet—free. Send

- ii tyrants. enemies of for it today 443 works, Their can combined com-—no No one ideas—

required. vol- "i il postage truths only in the 54 superbly bat these bound except denying by

men the right to know them. umes of Great Books—are the founGreat Books, Dept.

What kinds of men dation of our free institutions. igan103-K,Ave.,425 No.Chicago,Michwrote Great Books? The amazing Syntopicon Illinois 60611.

Were they all Christians? No. Some With Great Books you receive the

of them—Homer, Aeschylus, Aristwo-volume Syntopicon, a unique

totle and others—lived and died idea index that enables you to trace before Christ was born. every thought in Great Books and in GREAT

Were they all religious writers? the Bible, as easily as you look up

Augustine was, but not Shakespeare. words in your dictionary.

Thomas Aquinas was, but not For example, suppose you wish to BOOKS

OCTOBER 1966 849 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints

Contents for October 1966 Volume 69, Number 10

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

856, Maryon 936 - EdThe Editors Page: "What Seek Ye?"President David 0. McKay 860 Illustration:852,868, 882 - Warren Luch

The Church Moves On, 851; Melchizedek Priesthood: From the Lives of Great Men, 902; 870874,—880VirginiaDaleSargentKilbourn

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 904. 879 - Ed Maryon and Dale

902 KilbournTed Nagata 906 - Warren and Phyllis Luch 930, 931, 932 - Sherry Johnson

Special Features

Scanlon MauriceHow to Receive a Blessing from God, Harold B. Lee 862 860921,Lettering:—923, 928, 932, 933 - John

The Era Asks About the Translation of Church Literature 864 Bullock

The Problem of the "Rod"and the "Root of Jesse"in Isaiah 11, Photography:860, 888 - Ralph Clark

Sidney B. Sperry 868 862876——ChurchAmericanInformationMuseum of ServiceNatural

Genealogy: The Records Tabulation Program -872 921, History922, 927 - Eldon Linschoten

A New Dimension in Home Teaching, L. Brent Goates 874

The Stone Box, Paul Cheesman 876

Sure Footing vs. Swift Currents, Lindsay R. Curtis 879

The Pouch and Its Circle of Gold, Norma B. Ricketts 880

Teaching: How Will You Approach the Old Testament? Kenneth W. Godfrey..882

Since Cumorah, Hugh Nibley 884

Landscaping for Food and Fun, David Lofgren 886

Say What You Mean, But Say It Right, Leola Seely Anderson 888

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 890, 891, 918, 920

These Times: Impressions of Africa, 1966, G. Homer Durham, 852; Exploring the Universe,

Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 856; Buffs and Rebuffs, 858.

The Era of Youth 921 The Last Word 935

Family and Home Features Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Vegetables Are Vitamins 906

Stories, Poetry Hampered by a Hemline, Rita Puttcamp 870

Poetry 891, 892, 899, 900, 909, 918

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 THEThe blendingCOVER of the seasons, a brilliantly Gabbott, Jones Zobell, giving Managing Editors; Green, L. autumn L. Evans, Doyle Richard and McKay David

Elaine D. Jr.,Hanks,Research Editor;Era of YouthMabel The Editor;Family AlbertEditor; L.Marion Today's Pinnock, Editorial Florence chilling Knowles, to EleanorO. the Todd

F. Price, Director; Staff General Art NormanEditor, Reynolds, Art Director; Ralph B. Era Editor; of Youth The Associates;Keith Associate Montacue, Youth Era The of Cannon,JayArtist.M. waycoloredfirst of the snows

winter. coming Editors. Contributing A. Gardiner, Sidney B. Sperry, Alma Ntbley, S. Harris, Huch Franklin G. Durham, Homeh transparency Bown's Lucien Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription F. Scott, Business Verl General Manager; Associate S. Jacobsen, Jr.,Florence General Manager; Smith, G. Carlos Utah Canyon4x5near Moroni, of Maple Representatives. Advertising Smith, Evans,Jr., Director; S. Glenn Thayer

Mutual Saints, published and by the 1966, Latterday of Christ of Jesus of Association Church The Mutual Superintendent, Improvement Men's YoungGeneral subscripmultiple advance; in a year, Subscription $3.00 reserved. All of Christ Latterday Associations of Church Jesus The Improvement

issues. special for except single price,copy, price; rightsthreeyear the to 35<t addedSaints. year, $2.50 a year succeedingof years, tions, 3 $5.75; each $8.25; 2 years,

act section in 1103, for provided postage rate of at special for mailing Acceptance matter. City, as secondclass Utah, Salt Office, at the Post Lake Entered

1918. authorized 1917, 2, of October July

must be and acceptance are paid for on Manuscripts contributions. unsolicited welcomes is manuscripts but responsible.not Era Improvement The accombyCoverDeseretlithographedNews Pressin full color return. delivery for sufficient andfor postage panied by

Address magazine. of the issue a recent slip from include address please a change, is of for address. required change days'Thirty Whenthe as well as old address neworderingone is included. unless the changes cannot noticebe made

BOO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Teamwork"buys this new Wurlitzer organ The Church for your church Moves On

JULY 1966

A twohour parade and other festivities closed Salt Lake

City's annual commemoration of the arrival of the Mormon pioneers in Salt Lake Valley in 1847.

America's Witness for Christ, famed pageant, began its annual presentation at the Hill Cumorah near Palmyra, New York.

The closing performance was July 30.

get the unique, practical LDS Scouts and scouters—4,000 strong—from Canada, Montana, Washington, Oregon, and Idaho began an encampment

at Idaho's Farragut State Park. The meet closed August 1. ORGAN

Elders Dean L. Larsen and LaMarr W. Poulton have been appointed to the priesthood missionary committee. FUND

AUGUST 1966 RAISING President and Mrs. David O. McKay returned to Salt Lake City following a three weeks'vacation in Laguna Beach, PLAN

California; both were rested and in good spirits. from Wurlitzer

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir was at Red Rocks, near to proven, "painless"procedure A of The presentation recording a television Colorado, Denver, raise Every shares funds. member 1967. Easter Sunday, released nationally on to be Messiah

... contributions pay for ownership

specific parts of the organ. The plan is

Upon invitation, the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir presented a flexible, and can be easily adapted to concert at the Cadets Chapel, U. S. Air Force Academy, near your particular organ choice and conColorado Springs. gregation. Your Wurlitzer organ dealer

The appointment of John E. Carr as representative of the can give you all the details.

Presiding Bishop's Office in Europe, succeeding Henry G. Tempest,

was announced. Kit includes

Stake conferences began anew after a brief summer recess.

Progress charts The annual allchurch softball tournament began early this Pledge cards morning at George Q. Morris Park, Salt Lake City.

Pledge envelopes Rose Ann Pate, 22, missionary serving in the Southwest Indian Payments chart

Mission, was killed in a onecar rollover accident near Sanders,

Arizona. Her hometown was Bountiful, Utah. See your Wurlitzer organ dealer

Covina (California) won the junior fast pitch championship or send coupon in the allchurch softball tournament with a 9-4 score over

Taylorsville Fifth (Utah). Snowflake (Arizona) took the senior Dept. IE1066

fast pitch tournament by defeating Morningside Park (California) WURLITZER, De Kalb, Illinois 60115 2-1. Please send me information on

Wurlitzer church organ fund raising plan.

Paradise ( Utah ) won the allchurch senior slow pitch softball Name—

tournament by defeating Mesa 22nd (Arizona) 11-6. Neola Address-

(Utah) won the junior slow pitch tournament, winning from East City

Stratford (Salt Lake City) 10-0. State -Zip CodeWuRlilZER WORLD'SOF PIANOSLARGESTAND ORGANSBUILDER

OCTOBER 1966 8B1.

sound savings fop conference

With your purchase of any one of these great albums..

N The Gold Plate Ediof THE BOOK OF *** <* contains tionMORMON *%* long35 inspiring play gold vinyl records in a sturdy al- 1 bum cover and case.

Reduced to $49.95. %

The most important tenmm ofeventsmankindin thepresentedhistory ft to you by a thrilling vocal recording of the NEW TESTAMENT on two volumes of 26 Impressions i longplay vinyl records.

Reduced to $39.95. of Africa

THESE TIMES < By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Two volumes of 29 jTj?**| President, Arizona State University, Tempe

longplay vinyl rec- i ords make this comprehensive study Helithe airport—through This past from I was privisummer of

CHRIST THE JESUS opolis, visit the to the Nile Hilton in to leged the American emto understand easy and remember. Rebassies and posts in various parts heart of Cairo, then on to the

duced to $44.95. of Africa, to consult with local pyramids—helped me understand

government leaders and educational some of the attractions Egypt holds.

officials, to visit African universiLibya with its great Roman ties, schools, and other institutions ruins, Leptis Magna near Tripoli,

Take these three inspiring concerned with educational exand Cyrene not far from Benrecords for only $1.00 change with the United States, and ghazi remind one of the unifying

to confer in the field of education influence of ancient sea power in and cultural affairs. the Mediterranean. Once it was

My itinerary included Algeria, Phoenician. Then came the HelTunisia, and Libya in North Africa, lenes, Carthaginians, Romans, Byfollowed by a stopover in Cairo. zantines, Ottoman Turks, Venetian

Next came Kenya and Tanzania in galleys—and later the British fleet

'lii@GQ@i East Africa, followed by a flight at Gibraltar, Malta, Naples, Cyprus, ttS that took me from Dar es Salaam the Greek islands, and Suez. Today

on the Indian Ocean to Nairobi, the presence of the American Sixth

Addis Ababa in Ethiopia, KharFleet and of the American air base toum in the Sudan, Lagos in in the Libyan desert is felt.

Real life dramatization of the JOSEPH Nigeria, and my next assignment in Pondering the Roman ruins and significant ($3.98), three SMITH STORY

sections of the Doctrine and Covenants Ghana. A scheduled visit to Leothe Latin inscriptions on early

recorded on VISIONS ($2.98), and a marpoldville in the Congo had to be Christian gravestones in the great

velous insight into personal resources postponed because of difficulties national museum in Tunis, one in recorded OF BELIEVING THE MAGIC with airline schedules, as was later cannot escape the feeling that the for only yours ($4.98) $1.00 now when

you buy any of the three above albums. true with respect to Dakar in nations of North Africa have a

Senegal. My mission concluded promising future. These lands are

with a visit to Liberia on the west blessed with the Mediterranean coast. climate, surrounded by verdure and

There are many "Africas."This agriculture reminiscent of Arizona

is the main point to understand and southern California.

about such a vast continent. Libya, waterhungry but now

Cairo exhibits a cultural wealth oilrich, is experiencing a boom.

predating the pyramids. The ride (Continued on page 890)

RECORDINGS 1470 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now!Car insurance ina can!

Millionmile road testproves new TropArtic motor oil gives your car extra protection!

Extra protection against engine ness and ability to retain body. Phillips 66 TropArtic motor

wear... that's what TropArtic Overall results showed Tropoil... so good it's called CAR INmotor oil means to you. In a Artic rated Number One. These SURANCE IN A CAN!

millionmile test TropArtic outratings included tests of protecAnd remember, when you performed eight other longtion against rust, sludge, varpull in at the big redand-white mileage motor oils—costing up nish, bearing and piston wear. Phillips 66 shield you get real

to 50 more per quart. They So give your car an extra western hospitality and the gaswere rated on engine cleanlimargin of safety. Protect it with oline that won the West, too!

OCTOBER 1966 853 'A

tteseretCOM r N V Book 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD.. OGDEN 777 SO MAIN ST. ORANGE. CALIFORNIA RECORDS

NEW TABERNACLE CHOIR

RECORDING n

Monaural $4.79

Stereo $5.79

GOD Another fabulous recordingadd 15c for mailfromorderAmerica'son a single mostrecord ONTO beloved choral group. Selections on this record STMG WQ**<? include: Sing Unto God, Lamb of God, How Fair

CK tlD> of *,STS Mercy, Jesus Fount The Is Face, Blessed Thy BO*h Eg!*llff* TAB s4?Wct* Saints, All For Brook, The The Reeds Paper By OF, A oo? o others. est and i$ many oo p.e tmvvpf NO EDS, ES RE L.D>0 R* A*-RA FfcVO YE* pE CO oo c for include: write can choir you records pftot*e Other WEBftRj E u* |HG oon T -SB* HO SS THE fclV co This Choruses, Beloved Prayer, Lord's The The 01 fW ED J* fcSS BLS*IJ.jU! Is Fortress, This Land Is Country, Mighty A My

Your Land.

s#wi$$ii4

The Latterday;yesterday

The Mormons

I Robert Mulkn Saints:

The Mormons

Yesterday and Today

1 "TT by Robert Mullen 3k'S

$5.95

add 15c for mail order

plus 15 cents $3. postage in U.S.

The Tempe Stake Children's Here, by a nonMormon, is the story of the Church told in humanChorusderful songshas recordedthat will33 makewoninterest terms. The origins and growth of Mormonism, and its the Articles of Faith more

unique missionary system are the substance of Robert Mullen's meaningful for young and old interesting narrative. Here you can read about such unusual prosealike. Excellent for brightenlyting tools as a basketball league in Finland, and also about some ing up firesides, family home

of the dynamic personalities who lead the restored Church today. evenings, and home primaries.

Great for investigators—or as a gift for nonMormon friends. Complete with illustrated

Sing-A-Long booklet.

& BOOKS

.

by Mark E. Petersen

Elder Petersen gives a vivid explanation of exactly why the "religious"life is the only way of achieving true happiness here and exaltation in the hereafter. Testifying that

man's destiny is to become as perfect as God, he shows how living Gospel principles and participating fully in

Church activity is a first and necessary step on the long road to perfection. Wonderful uplifting reading! <n 05

Yourselvas! I;

JOSEPH

iVtowys 1-* SMITH FtmdameiKais

QenGtajtcAi Kr jQt&u.* 1****'sescARch

5. OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS, Vol. II

by Dr. Bruce B. Clark and Dr. Robert K. Thamax

An essential aid for the Relief Society literature lessons. Exciting and

pertinent extracts from the best literature in the English language.

Use for course or for sheer personal reading pleasure. $2.95

6. ETERNAL MAN by Dr. Truman G. Madsen

is truth that an the outstanding work manifestsThis man new eternal Place your orders now for delivery as well as "forever "foreverindividual, identity backward"with an forward."understanding The

willthese essays make life hereof selfand tonowbe moregainedmeaningfulfrom the study.., andof upon publication.

make the eternities ahead a goal worth living for. jj go 10. THE MANTLE OF THE PROPHET

7. TAKE HEED TO YOURSELVES by -Joseph Fielding Smith and other plays

compilationA President Smith. of Asomefine ofreferencethe mostworkforcefulthat willand enhanceinspiringyoursermonsknowlof by Clinton A. Larsen

edge of many vital areas of the Gospel. $4.95 Exciting to read—thrilling to

B. JOSEPH SMITH THE MORMON PROPHET 6v John J. Stewart perform. $3.50

life of analysis of perceptive the Joseph andA dynamic ideas. of Sympathetic world Smith—his. 11. TEACH ME the lasting to contribution and hiswork

excellent introduction to a wonderful yet complex scholarly—anand by Dorothea Christiansen

personality. $4.00 Murdoch

RESEARCH OF GENEALOGICAL Valuable and inspirational—new D. Chaston9.by LaureenFUNDAMENTALS R. Jaussi and Gloria

If you need a helping hand with your family genealogical research—insight into teaching the gospel

isthis systematic of concise description the method and it. A clear of to youth. $3.50

first this book. will pitfalls reading research.true be avoided bv Manv

$2.95

Order from DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 777 South Main, Orange, California

Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake store add Vi% sales tax to the total amount of the order. Californians ordering from Otange store please add 4% sales tax.

Please send me the items circled:

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 ( 10 11 ) Last two delivered when published

The Mormon Story, regular $2.95 edition

Exploring yours for the Universe only $1.49 By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

when you join LDS Books Club and make MORMON your first regular Club CHINA SYNTHESIZES FIRST selection. PROTEIN

A truly great missionary tool with nearly A group of 21 Chinese chemists in Shangworking biochemists and 200 pictures, maps and charts, many in Sinica and at at hai the Academia full color. Handsomely designed and the Peking University have syntheprinted to convey your Gospel message sized the first protein by combining

in the most favorable way. the necessary amino acids to produce crystalline insulin. Important

developments have been achieved by groups at Aachen in Germany and Pittsburgh in the United States, but the purification and eventual isolation of 87 percent pure crystalMAKE YOUR FIRST CLUB SELECTION FROM ANY OF THESE LDS BEST SELLERS line insulin was first achieved in 1. The Abundant Life 2. What Doth It Profit 3. Thoughts for 2 lA Minute Talks China.

R. Curtis by Lindsay Sill W. by Sterling B. Brown by Hugh JUMP FROG RECORD fascilessons and Timely of wisdom conand truths and The Articles, speeches

talks. for thoughts nating in easypresented the never ages addresses ference

all. for Splendid reading terms. lorceful published. toread before won*}* for distance in record $3.00 The world $3.50 $3.95

frog jumping, 19 ft. 3 in., was made

4. The Magic of Mormonism 5. The Missouri Persecutions 6. Pathways to Happiness at the Calaveras County (Califor-

i I:,.- by Earl Stowell by B. H. Roberts I'.Vi'lIW.ViS by David O. McKay nia) Jumping Frog Jubilee by a

explains 0. McKay historical moving the byday A day A frog named Ripple. for temples. heroism Saints acHAPPiM sS; theDavid need of the count Church. of the n Explainsoperation

classic. prized Church in Missouri sacrifice and for converts Especially

$3.50 $3.50 $3.95

7. The Rise and Fall of Nauvoo 8. The Third Thousand Years 9. Messages of the First Presidency,

I by B. H. Roberts by W. Cleon Skousen Vol.11

R. Clark James of THE tnu years mph Seven sweeping THIRD The drama

official statements Inspiring THOUSAND by blackened suddenly the biblical from events of * liiPnaiW1 byof John Young. YEARS Bngham expulsion. and martyrdom of Abraham. time

Taylor. Woodruff. Wilford

$3.95 $5.95

$4.50 mm

Check or money order in the amount of $ is enclosed.

Please send "The Mormon Story"at the special $1.49 price, plus

the following circled book(s) as my first regular Club selection:

1 2 3 5 6 7 8 9 NEW BOOKS

I to agree hereby reviews. monthly send and me Club member Books as Enroll LDS me

next months 12 the during alternates or selections regular Club of 4 a minimuma purchase Weekly, to Publishers regular According a qualify as not joining for does book price. (Premium regular advertised at the

each For books. after purchasing 4 at time resign any or alternate.) I may selection Club were published 20,234 new books of 20%. saving a free I book I will valuable a bonus - receive accept. 4 books

in the United States in 1965. There

NAME... were 1,850 in science, 942 in technology, 2,372 in sociology and

LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC. ADDRESS. economics, and 582 in psychology

and philosophy.

P.O. Box 400

ZIP STATE City, Utah 84101 CITY Salt Lake

Utah add 3%% sales tax.) (Good only in U.S. and Canada. Residents of 1066

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BRIGHAM YOUNG, President and pioneer leader of

The Church ofJesus Christ of Latterday Saints, was the first president of the Bank of Deseret and

Deseret National Bank, direct predecessors of First

Security Bank. The 100th anniversary of the original

bank founding will be observed in 1971.

Portrait artist JOHN WILLARD CLAWSON was born in the Beehive

House in Salt Lake City, January 18, 1858. He first studied painting

at the University of Deseret, then three years under the English painter Willmarth. For the next six years he studied abroad, primarily in Pari&.and Venice under Laurens, Constant, Lefebvre, taking

portraits painted of from Monet. members Manet and He A. s of th

to c - criticismof States the Parliament before returning United in England in did portraits he Francisco Los Angeles, where York, San Illustratedted booklet? stingtitledVuS New { Deseret, parWday and Salt Lake City. The San Francisco fire in 1906 destroyed his

studio and 20 portraits then valued at $80,000. He died in Salt

Lake City April 6, 1 936 while working on a portrait ofJoseph Smith.

The portrait of his grandfather, Brigham Young, was painted in 1904.

FREE to adults at any First Security Bank in Utah, Idaho and Wyoming.

BY MAIL—Enclose 25c to cover postage and handling. Write: Brigham Young Portrait,

First Security Bank, Main at First South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

FIRST SECURITY BANK OCTOBER 1966 857 Buffs and You can putyour Rebuffs

Home Evening for Servicemen My husband, Capt. James E.

Fletcher, and I began a home evening at Fort sometime Benagomudin Utah'sfirst programning, Georgia, single military with the trust department at men. We have just one small child,

and inviting the fine young men into

Zions First National Bank. ourgreathomeblessingfor thisbothprogramto us andhas beento thea

men.

We have been in Bangkok, ThaiThe first trust department in Utah was established at Zions haveland, nowbeenfor holdingmore thanfamilya yearhomeand

Bank in 1873 to aid people with their financial planning and to evenings here also. Some of the

visitors we have at these evenings help them preserve estates for their use and the use of their are civilian and military men in Thailand, and some are here on a rest loved ones. from Viet Nam for a few days.

Now you can have the benefit of 93 years of experience in be Each"father"weekandwe toelectconductone fellowthe disto cussion; we rotate so that all have an

trusts and estate planning. opportunity. Sometimes we even

choose a "mother"to prepare refreshMail the coupon for further information about any trust ments, and the boys have enjoyed cooking and being a part of a family service, including: trust accounts; trustee of pension or profitcircle. This program has provided

sharing plan; executoradministrator; agency custody account; becomean opportunitybetter acquaintedfor the LDSwithmeneachto

they even a formed have andtrustee under a will. other,

their time free planned group and together in recreation.

It is our sincere hope that other (cssicis families might open their homes to servicemen in the fine family home ZIONS evening program and receive some of the wonderful blessings we've experienced this past year.

Barbara B. Fletcher FIRST NATIONAL Bangkok, Thailand

The Truth About Liquor BANKfM In "The Truth About Liquor and

Utah'sfirst trust department issue,Liquor theby theauthorDrink"wrote,in the "ToAugustbe charged with drunken driving one

BANKS: must0.15 percent."have a bloodThat alcoholis true, levelbut theof

One Main Street Zions First National Bank Utah vehicle code also states that a 235 So. Main Trust Department underperson thecan influencebe chargedof alcohol"with "drivingif he

7th East4th So. One Main Street has a blood test between 0.10 and 0.15

Cottonwood Mall Salt Lake City, Utah percent,evidence providingas erraticsuch otherdrivingphysicaland

Taylorsville Please send me information about drunken behavior are apparent.

patrolformer Utah Highway As a

I had occasion to make arrests 102 So. Main.from man,

450 So. 2nd West on the latter condition, and in all cases

21st So. -8th West your trust department. thesepled guiltypersonsto eitherthe offense.were convicted or

Kearns Name Neil 0. Cooley

Santa Ana, Calif.

Member Federal Deposit Address (Continued on page 894)

Insurance Corp. City State.

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How long since you've read a good book?

Here are seven outstanding new books from Bookcraft 1. MELVIN J. BALLARD - for speakers and teachers. In capsule form, the spirit. However, through inspiration, ambition caught

CRUSADER FOR RIGHTEOUSNESS contents can be quickly and easily adapted to any fire leaving only the higher way as the acceptable

A story of Melvin Ballard's life including some of occasion. $1.00 way. $3.95

his outstanding sermons. A stalwart of Mormonism,

Mr. Ballard gained stature as a tremendous speaker, 4. MESSAGES OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY, THE FOURTH THOUSAND YEARS IIIgreat missionary and accomplished singer. $3.50 VOLUME Cleon Skousen By W. Compiled by James R. Clark

in this series of fourth inspired book of drama it The in series, a highly successful 3rd The volume2. OF PERSONALITY MIRACLE THE

Biblical the events time from The of Abraham. delivered the during that were contains Sill messages Sterling By W.

is period David covered to Christ. from $6.95 Church, of the to by leaders 1901 period from 1885 52 stimulating chapters contains book seventhHis

written by a master story teller. He discusses how Wilford Woodruff and Lorenzo Snow. $4.50

other famous people became successful and how 7. FASCINATING WOMANHOOD

you can develop your own personality. An excellent 5. J. GOLDEN KIMBALL By Helen B. Andelin

reference book for talks and teaching. $3.75 By Claude Richards To be loved and cherished is woman's highest goal

The biography of a man left fatherless at fifteen in marriage. This book was written to restore hope

3. TALK CAPSULES who thereafter, virtually without external restraint, in such a goal and to suggest principles which

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr. gravitated to occupations whose rough life might must be applied in winning man's genuine love.

An excellent source of quotable "Gems of Thought"well have made him oblivious to things of the $5.50

8. Play the new genealogy game ORDER FROM YOUR NEAREST LDS BOOK

Family DEALER OR FROM BOOKCRAFT

Tree FAMILY TREE Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check or money order in the amount of

A new, fascinating game for 2 players or 2 teams. Given clues, each player draws cards

3 4 5 6 7 8 representing individuals and places them $12 first player to TREE. The onto a FAMILY Name

the his tree correctly game. wins fill out A

fantastic game for every member of the BOOKCRAFT Address family. $1.95 1186 South Main St. City, State, Zip

Salt Lake City, Utah (Residents of Utah add 3Vz% sales tax)

THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

"Then Jesus turned, and saw them following, and experiments proved failures at the time. In this

saith unto them, What seek ye? They said unto him, respect the century just past has been no exception.

Rabbi,... where dwellest thou? The first half of the 19th century was marked by a

"He saith unto them, Come and see."(John 1:3839. general feeling of social unrest. Observant people

Italics added.) became dissatisfied with social and economic condi-

"What seek ye?""Master, where dwellest thou?"tions, and thinking men sought for remedial changes.

"Come and see."In France, early in the century, th& fanciful theories

These three significant expressions were probably of Charles Fourier were circulated. He attempted

uttered immediately following the Saviors return from to outline the future history of our globe and of the the Mount of Temptation. "What seek ye?"is the human race for eighty thousand years. Today his

first recorded utterance of the Savior of men as he books aren't even read. Robert Owen founded a comentered upon his public ministry. The question "Masmercial society at New Harmony, Indiana. Although

ter, where dwellest thou?"was asked by two disciples supported by a fortune that he had amassed by

of John the Baptist, undoubtedly Andrew and John. intelligent and frugal efforts, and although he was

In that second question I read such a meaning as encouraged by the Duke of Kent, who became his this: "Rabbi, where can we find Messiah? Where patron, his scheme for the betterment of mankind

can we obtain deliverance from the oppression of came to naught in 1827. He returned to England,

Rome, or, possibly, deliverance from the evils of our where he tried several similar experiments with the age?"The Savior's answer is most significant and same result.

important. If I may put it in my own words, I read George Ripley, a Unitarian minister, conceived a

in that "come and see"such a fact as this: "If you plan of "plain living and high thinking."He had as

will follow me, you yourselves may discover the way."his associates such able men as Nathaniel Hawthorne,

My purpose in calling attention to this text is to Charles A. Dana, later the assistant Secretary of War

apply those questions to the world today. Suppose of the United States, and John S. Dwight. Ripley's

the Son of Man said to mankind in the present age, impulse was really religious rather than economic "What seek ye?"What would be the answer? Many and "was due to a kind of monastic desire for withwould say: We seek pleasure; some, wealth; others, drawal from a sordid world rather than a desire for

fame and power; but the most thoughtful would a new society."He and his associates became the

answer: We are seeking the light of the ages. We founders of what was known as the Brook Farm, a

are seeking a social Utopia. We want a society in "Great Experiment"as it was called, to make the

which we may be relieved of some of the ills of manworld an agreeable place in which to live. It came

kind, free from the troubles and toils of life. to an end in 1846.

With every progressive age of the world intellec- "Some of these Colonies,"writes Phillip Russell, tual, nobleminded leaders have sought for a better "were religious in purpose, others educational, and way of living than that which was current. The good still others economic; but all, including Brook Farm,

life, a social Utopia, has been the quest of the ages. were social symptoms—rashes and growths indicating

To sense the need of reform has been easy; to achieve a sick and strained America."

it has been difficult and often wellnigh impossible. It has been charged by cynical writers that this

Ideas and suggestions proposed by the wisest of men restored Church was but one more excrescence of the have seldom been practical, often fantastical; yet in fermenting body politic of this religioussocial reaction.

most cases the world in general has been made better It is true that "religious excitement"led Joseph by the disseminating of new ideas, even though the Smith to seek the right church, the proper mode of

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA worship, the right way to live. A desire to know ernment and every virtue and necessary safeguard

this impelled the youth to seek the Lord for wisdom of a democracy.

in the spring of 1820, the greatest result of the answer First, it has the authority of priesthood without the to his prayer being the organization of the Church in vice of priestcraft, every worthy man being entitled the home of Peter Whitmer, Sen., on Tuesday, April 6, to a place and a voice in the governing quorums.

1830. Second, it offers a system of education, universal

In considering the Church purely as a social orgaand free in its application—the safety valve, the very

nization having as one object, at least, what other heart and strength of a true democracy.

worthy organizations had in view—viz., the amelioraThird, it offers a judicial system that extends justice

tion of social ills and the advancement of mankindand equal privileges to all alike, applicable to the it is well to keep in mind at the outset the facts: poor and to the millionaire.

First, that Joseph Smith was unschooled and "unFourth, in its ecclesiastical groupings of stakes, acquainted with men and things."Undoubtedly, he wards, branches, and districts, efficiency and progress

had never even heard of Fourier's phalanxes, the are enhanced inasmuch as every local group attends

Owen experiment, nor any other scheme, religious or to its own affairs, and yet each is so closely united economic, for the bettering of social conditions; with the central government that every mode of proSecond, that the six original members were praccedure proved useful and beneficial to the people

tically unknown, were financially poor, and had no can be adopted without delay for the good of the political or social standing; and entire group.

Third, that Joseph Smith did not organize the Truly, from the standpoint of enhancing efficiency

Church by man's wisdom but by divine direction, and progress, the Church of Christ has that form of "according to the order of the Church as recorded government which the nations today are seeking. This

in the New Testament."is because it is that order which Christ himself

"Government represents the authority of the group, established.

usually exercised in an external, coercive way, to enThe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints force the will of the group upon its individual memhas in it all that the world would require. I am not

bers."That government is best which has as its aim associating political government with our religious

the administration of justice, social wellbeing, and government; I am merely pointing out that system of

the promotion of prosperity among its members. organization established by the revelations of God

Considered politically, the world is upset at the to man. What of the future? "Come and see.""Life

present time in its opinion as to the best form of abundant, beauteous, laughing life,"more brothergovernment. It is apparent that men are seeking hood, securer peace, better social relations are some

for a better form of government than most nations of the fruits that the world is seeking. Surely the

now have. Will they find it in the government by a Church must show the way.

dictator or in the government by the people, or in a God help us and qualify us for the mission of carrycombination of both? ing to the world this light. May we labor even more

Now, my fellow workers and thinking, honest men zealously than heretofore for the establishment of a ofthe world, take that fundamental definition of true social order in which God's will shall be done on earth government and see how admirably the Church of as it is in heaven—a kingdom of God that shall foster

Jesus Christ conforms to it. A careful analysis of the brotherhood of man and acknowledge the fatherthe organization of the Church reveals the fact that hood of God. May we so live that men seeing our

it embodies all the strength of a strong central govgood deeds may be led to glorify our Father in heaven.

OCTOBER J966 861 An Apostle

of the Lord Tells How to Receive a Blessing from God

his text is like many gospel texts: as we study and the presence of the Lord is to forsake our sins, come

think about it, it increases in its scope. We must unto him, call on his name, obey his voice, and keep

not think of it superficially; we must enlarge our his commandments; then we shall be able to see his

understanding. Let us look at some of the deeper face and to know that he is. There is a postscript to

and more farreaching rewards that come from the this that I think is very important. The Lord said,

keeping of law. "For if you will that I give unto you a place in the

A few years ago a shorter variation of this theme celestial world, you must prepare yourselves by doing was used in the MIA: "I, the Lord, am bound when the things which I have commanded you and required

ye do what I say; but when ye do not what I say, of you."(D&C 78:7.) The Lord does not say that we

ye have no promise."(D&C 82:10.) In commenting will get a place in the celestial world just by being

about this, someone has said, "This is indisputable; good; he says we win our place by doing good.

the Lord is bound when we do what he says. If we A classic example in the Book of Mormon illustrates

want to live we must conform by obedience to the this point. The Lord gave to the brother of Jared,

physical laws by which life is sustained. We must that great prophet, a blueprint of the ships that he

take nourishment, exercise, keep clean, etc. If we was to construct, by which he was to take his people

desire to become musicians, painters, authors, we across large bodies of water to a promised land. As

must obey certain laws by which the respective talents he surveyed these and began to build, he faced two are developed. In the same way, if we desire any problems: (1) no provision was made for ventilation

spiritual blessings we must obey the laws upon which and (2) there was no light. The ventilation problem

they also are predicated."was solved rather simply by having holes at proper

There are some laws that have to do with eternal places that could be opened and closed; but the

life. Eternal life means life in the presence of the matter of light was one that he could not quite solve.

Eternal One, or life in the presence of the Father and So the brother of Jared cried to the Lord, saying, the Son. The Lord tells us how we can prepare to "... behold, I have done even as thou hast comenter back into his presence: "Verily, thus saith the manded me; and I have prepared the vessels for my

Lord: It shall come to pass that every soul who forpeople, and behold there is no light in them. Behold,

saketh his sins and cometh unto me, and calleth on O Lord, wilt thou suffer that we shall cross this great my name, and obeyeth my voice, and keepeth my water in darkness?"(Eth. 2:22.)

commandments, shall see my face and shall know Notice how the Lord dealt with this question. He

that I am."(D&C 93:1.) It is as simple as that. said to the brother of Jared, "What will ye that I

All we have to do in order to be prepared to enter should do that ye may have light in your vessels?"

"From a June conference address delivered June 17, 1966. (Eth. 2:23. )—as much as to say, "Well, have you any

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA vijoremt joimclxdwnjori WarfcLupan wnknaLL

JjnQwkm Wtoofaw cmourm -frcmj GoadttJw

'ooecUmccioiri wfuai rtkpreai

Jodrint cwAzQVerumfc kogpgi

good ideas? What would you suggest that we should before he asks again. He has come to the conclusion

do in order to have light?"And then the Lord said, that before he is worthy to seek a blessing he must

"For behold, ye cannot have windows, for they will keep the basic laws upon which the blessings he seeks be dashed to pieces; neither shall ye take fire with are predicated.

you, for ye shall not go by the light of fire. Then he says, "Behold, O Lord, [I know that] thou

"For behold, you shall be as a whale in the midst hast smitten us because of our iniquity, and hast of the sea; for the mountain waves shall dash upon driven us forth, and for these many years we have

you. Nevertheless, I will bring you up again out of been in the wilderness; nevertheless, thou hast

the depths of the sea; for the winds have gone forth been merciful to us. O Lord, look upon me in

out of my mouth, and also the rains and the floods pity, and turn away thine anger from this thy peohave I sent forth."(Eth. 2:2324.) ple...."(Eth. 3:3.) The brother of Jared is

Then the Lord went away and left him alone. It confessing the sins of the people, because the blesswas as though the Lord were saying to him, "Look, ing he wants is not just for himself; it is for his

I gave you a mind to think with, and I gave you whole people. Having done all that he knew how to

agency to use it. Now you do all you can to help do, he came again with a specific request and said:

yourself with this problem; and then, after you've "And I know, O Lord, thou hast all power, and can

done all you can, I'll step in to help you."do whatsoever thou wilt for the benefit of man;

The brother of Jared did some thinking. Then he therefore touch these stones, O Lord, with thy finger,

gathered up sixteen stones, molten out of rock, and and prepare them that they may shine forth in darkcarried them in his hands to the top of the mount ness; and they shall shine forth unto us in the vessels

called Shelam, where he cried unto the Lord, "O which we have prepared, that we may have light

Lord, thou hast said that we must be encompassed while we shall cross the sea.

about by the floods. Now behold, O Lord, and do "Behold, O Lord, thou canst do this. We know

not be angry with thy servant because of his weakness that thou art able to show forth great power, which before thee; for we know that thou art holy and looks small unto the understanding of men.

dwellest in the heavens, and that we are unworthy "And it came to pass that when the brother of Jared before thee; because of the fall our natures have had said these words, behold, the Lord stretched

been evil continually; nevertheless, O Lord, thou hast forth his hand and touched the stones one by one

given us a commandment that we must call upon with his finger. And the veil was taken from off the

thee, that from thee we may receive according to our eyes of the brother of Jared, and he saw the finger desires."(Eth. 3:2.) of the Lord; and it was as the finger of a man, like

Now, what is he doing? He is confessing his sins unto flesh and blood; (Continued on page 896)

OCTOBER 196S 863 THE ERA ASKS ABOUT THE TRANSLATION OF CHURCH LITERATURE

One of the newest—and yet the oldest Q—What are the service the church translation dedepartments in church administration is partment?

Church Translation Services, under the supervision of Bishop Victor L. A—We make available the standard works, lesson manuals,

Brown of the Presiding Bishopric. This forms and reports, and other materials to many nonmonth's interview is with J. Thomas Englishspeaking members of the Church.

Fyans, former Uruguayan Mission president and presently director of Q—Into how many languages do you translate?

translation services.

A—Ten: Spanish, Portuguese, German, Italian, French,

Dutch, Danish, Norwegian, Swedish, and Finnish.

Q—How many people are reached by these translations?

A—Approximately 200,000, including more than 110,000

Spanishspeaking people, 30,000 German, 25,000 Portuguese-speaking people, 15,000 French, 7,000 Dutch, 4,200

Swedish, 4,000 Danish, 3,000 Norwegian, 2,800 Finnish, and perhaps 400 in the new Italian Mission.

—Do you also translate the languages of Polynesia, the

Far East, and the American Indian?

A—In those areas the work is presently directed by the

mission presidents.

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Q—For how many years has the Church been transgroups may not need other courses because of lack

lating materials into other languages? of students, lack of physical facilities for a full program of courses, and other factors.

A—We are proud that the translation department is

is the yearly volume of translation fromperhaps the oldest department in the Church. Our Q—What

work began even before the Church was organized, your office?

when the Prophet Joseph Smith translated the Book of Mormon from reformed Egyptian into English. A—About 12,000 pages a year, or a ribbon of 8V2"x 11"

The first foreign translation of that book was from pages more than two miles long for each language—

English into Danish in 1851. The first tract in non20 miles long for the ten languages.

English was "An Address to the Hebrews,"written is the translation performed?by Elder Orson Hyde and published in the Dutch Q—Where

language in Rotterdam, Holland, in July 1841. The

present department was established in June 1965. A—About 20 percent is done in Salt Lake City and

is the Church concerned about translations? are translated in Salt Lake City, because we canQ—Why 80 percent in the language areas. Forms and reports

take advantage of English forms that are already pre-

A—We in the Church are commanded to carry "the pared. We merely insert column headings in other

word... unto the ends of the earth...."(D&C languages. Anything that can be standardized—used

90:9.) As the Lord's servants, we have no choice. exactly the same in all language areas with the excepThe Lord has said, "For it shall come to pass... tion of minor word changes—we print here or we

that every man shall hear the fulness of the gospel prepare negatives in Salt Lake City for printing in in his own tongue, and in his own language...."other countries. But such materials as manuals are

(D&C 90:11.) translated in the language area because we want to

use the current expressions of each language. We

don't want to anglicize the translations by havingQ—Who selects materials for translation?

them done in Salt Lake City.

A—All materials come to us from the church correlais needed for this task?tion committee, which approves materials submitted Q—How large a staff

by the various auxiliaries, priesthood groups, and

General Authorities. A—We use about six fulltime translators per lanis your office translating at present, and language in Salt Lake City—usually an immigrant fromQ—What guage in the language area and one translator per

what are your plans for the immediate future? that country. A bilingual person is not a translator.

The experience of the United Nations, other groups,

A—We are translating manuals, lesson material, and and our own people has taught us that it's essential

other church literature from all the auxiliary and that one translates into his native tongue.

priesthood organizations. We are engaged in an

interim program—translating only the necessary man- Q—How are translators obtained?

uals—in preparation for September 1967 when the

ten language groups under our charge will receive A—We give translation tests to interested and capable

the same manuals and materials at the same time Saints within the language areas and then hold lanas people in Englishspeaking areas. guage seminars. We have been blessed with some

For example, our interim program calls for transwonderfully effective people. For example, a sister

lating into some of the languages four of the 12 in Helsinki, Finland, has spent much of her life in

Primary manuals, since wards and branches in those a wheel chair as a result of a crippling disease. This

OCTOBER 1966 865 has given her much time for studying, and she is How does one translate Noah's ark for a desert people extremely wellread. She is now translating the who have never seen a boat or lake? Or how do you

Doctrine and Covenants into Finnish. Her method translate such a concept as hypocrite? In English

is quite interesting. When she comes upon a term we say we "love with all our heart,"but some people

that is biblical in connotation, she crossreferences it "love with all their liver."

through the Bible and other standard works. She This glossary will help us greatly. For example,

then meets weekly with other translators who read the what is the difference between an executive, officer, verse, crossreference it, and compare it with German, leader, director, or supervisor in a given organizaSwedish, and Norwegian translations. They seek for tion? In a manual we might refer to a superintendent;

intent, not words. They approve about ten verses an in the next sentence he is called an executive and then

hour, or 30 verses an evening. In Sweden another an officer or a leader. Or what is the difference

handicapped sister has just completed translating between holder of the priesthood, priesthood bearer,

James E. Talmage's Jesus the Christ, using a rubberand priesthood holder? We discovered that we had

pointed stick in her hand to punch the typewriter 11 different terms for this same concept. It would be

keys. These are only two of several cases in which extremely confusing to translators if we actually tried

physically handicapped persons are making great to translate all 11 synonyms differently. The result

contributions to the Church. has been—at least for our purposes—that we are

linguists have been trying to do for years.Q—When church authorities and departments send whatsimplifying English and attempting to accomplish

messages to various parts of the world, are they routed through your office? Q—How do you cope with these problems?

A—Yes. Letters to peoples in other lands were previ- A—We first investigated what other groups involved

ously all written in English, but now outgoing corin translation do. We visited the United Nations, the

respondence is being translated into the languages of U.S. State Department, and Dr. Friedrich Krollmann

the people before it is sent. Incoming correspondence of Mannheim, Germany, perhaps the world's leading

from nonEnglish-speaking areas is also routed to us authority on automated translation. He had develfor translation. oped a word list and had put the words on IBM

is consistence of interpretation assured, parlanguages. When he translated, he first read theQ—How cards with their different equivalents in other

ticularly when idioms and word usages peculiar to manuscript and underlined the technical terms; then

the Church may not be found in other languages? he pulled the IBM cards on those terms and prepared a translation list in the same sequence as the

A—This is one of our greatest problems. Many of terms appeared in the manuscript. His staff transthe words we use in the Church are madeup English lators then had before them the properly translated

words. For example, Lihoma (little homemaker) is a terms in their sequential order of appearance. His

Primary term. Our translators in the past checked staff efficiency increased 66 percent.

many books to try to determine what such terms meant. But recently we began creating a glossary Q—Is that the procedure adopted by the Church?

of several thousand terms used in a special way by the Church. The term home teaching is an example. A—Not exactly. Rather than using IBM cards, we

We don't want it translated "house instruction"or have decided to put the special list of our terms and "school at home,"because neither carries the same their equivalents in the ten languages on magnetic feeling. tape. We would then feed it into a computer. Since

A second major problem is making certain we use many of our manuals are typeset by tape, we could terms acceptable and understandable to the people. send a magnetic tape of a manual through the com866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

puter and in a matter of minutes have all of our spefrom Germany to Scandinavia. The placement of

cial terms identified and marked in the same these five printingdistribution centers also assists in sequence. For example, the computer could read a handling correspondence problems. For example,

manual the size of the Book of Mormon in 15 seconds suppose a Norwegian Saint orders a manual but reand give in French the terms for all the special LDS ceives the wrong one. If the distribution center were

words. The same would be done for Italian, Dutch, in Germany, how would the Norwegian express to a

and other languages. We would then send this list Germanspeaking person that he had received the

to the translators in the language areas, and they wrong manual? We want to make it possible for each

would, fill in the verbs and form the sentence individual member and branch to draw directly from structure. the distribution center without inconvenience.

Q—Where are the manuals, books, and other Q—Are the standard works printed in Salt Lake

materials printed? City or abroad?

A—Primarily we print or plan to print at five print- A—Generally they are printed in the language area,

ing plants, which are located at Mexico City (for where the translation also occurs.

publications in Spanish);"Sao Paulo, Brazil (for publications in Portuguese); Frankfurt, Germany (for Q—Are any of our early translations of modern

German and Italian); Stockholm, Sweden (Danish, scripture to be reviewed and perhaps retranslated?

Norwegian, Swedish, and Finnish); and Liege, Belgium (French and Dutch). Final selections of sites A—We anticipate that some of the early translations

in Stockholm and Liege have not yet been made. will be reviewed, and we are directed in those labors

Q—How do these publication plants coordinate the by the First Presidency and the Council of the Twelve.translations? Q—Does your department also provide interpreters?

A—Using the Scandinavian languages as an example, A—Yes. We supply, through the resources of our

we have a supervisor of publication and distribution linguists, interpreters at general conference for our in Stockholm who works with the language coorditen languages, and we also supply interpreters for nators in Denmark, Norway, Sweden, and Finland. church leaders in their visits to those ten language

When their material is ready, it is sent to Stockholm areas.

for printing. If the material were coming from Salt

Lake City, we would send to Stockholm a negative Q—Does each language group have a publication,

of what was to be printed; and from that negative, such as the Era, to keep them abreast of events in

printing plates could be made. the Church?

all ten of the language groups have publica-Q—What are the advantages of printing abroad? A—Yes,

tions. We are currently coordinating much of the

A—If we were to print all materials in Salt Lake City, material of these magazines. We are able to prewe would have to create a core of proofreading exselect material of universal interest from the scheduled

perts, and their language awareness might not be articles of church publications in Salt Lake City. We

current. Another important reason is the cost of send to the language areas copies of the articles, along

sending materials from Salt Lake City to all areas with artwork or photographs if requested. Thus all

of the Church. A major cost would be customs Saints receive the same timely, faithpromoting,

duties. It is also easier and less expensive to send instructional material at the same time. Space is also

materials within the Scandinavian countries than, say, left in each magazine for articles and local news.

OCTOBER 1966 867 *AKO

the Angel Moroni appeared to theWhenProphet Joseph Smith on the evening of

September 21, 1823, he quoted the eleventh chapter of Isaiah and doubtless fully explained its meaning. The Prophet himself said:

"... he [Moroni] quoted the eleventh chapter

of Isaiah, saying that it was about to be fulfilled."( Documentary History of the Church,

It can be presumed that Moroni would not have quoted the chapter from

Isaiah unless in some way it directly involved Joseph Smith and the Church he was destined to organize. What the prophecy

says about the gathering of Israel (Isa. 11:1116) and

the millennial era of peace (vss. 6-9) should lead one

to suspect that Moroni would explain to the young Prophet the part he was to play in these future events. The membership of the Church

should not find it too difficult to understand this outstanding prophecy, but certain exTheProblem pressions in two verses have occasioned some difficulties in interpreof the "Rod"and tation. Indeed,

there are differthe"Bootoj ences of opinion on the meaning of these verses. Jesse"in

The problems Isaiah 11 BY SIDNEY B. SPERRY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF OLD TESTAMENT LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ccxpe fortF) a!

roo ouu ofrb SC09 Of MPA.jessq

question are the sbAU meaning of "rod in verse 1 and the "root of Jesse"MM oiyc in verse 10.'wmm Verse 1 reads: "And there

shall come forth a rod out ofV OF the stem of Jesse, and a Branch shall grow out of his roots."ROODS'In March 1838 the Prophet gaveW$ answers to certain questions on

Isaiah 11:1

scripture in which he explained the rod"and the "stem of Jesse"of this verse, His explanation is found in Doctrine and Covenants 113:1-4:

"Who is the Stem of Jesse spoken of in the 1st, 2d, 3d, 4th, and 5th verses of the 11th chapter of Isaiah?

"Verily thus saith the Lord: It is Christ.

"What is the rod spoken of in the first verse of the 11th chapter of Isaiah, that should come of the Stem of Jesse?

"Behold, thus saith the Lord: It is a servant in

the hands of Christ, who is partly a descendant of

Jesse as well as of Ephraim, or of the house of Joseph, on whom there is laid much power."

The Prophet gives a clear, unequivocal answer when he identifies Christ as the "Stem of Jesse,"but he leaves to our own discernment the task of determining the identity of the "rod."All he says is that "it is a servant

in the hands of Christ,"and then he adds some interesting genealogical data.

The writer has always assumed that the "rod"was Joseph

Smith, believing that the Prophet, out of modesty, hesitated to name himself directly. None of us would question that

Joseph was destined to become a great "servant in the hands of Christ."Moreover, if we assume that he was the "rod"or

"servant,"observe how very well such an identification fits in with Moroni's mission of explaining to the latterday Prophet his part in Isaiah's great vision of the (Continued on page 914)

OCTOBER 1966 869 'You know the rule/ Mother said,

"But this is the

style!"Lisa cried

as she clutched the blue mohair shift pf ill i /, r

--j*********-

m IW'A: Wl Umi i

BY RITA PUTTCAMP

Four Lisa Pringles moved in the mirrored box. "I'll take it,"she said.

Four Lisa Pringles looked enchantingly smug, for all She hadn't really liked going against her mother's four Lisas were utterly charming in the blue advice, but this time she felt certain that her mother mohair shift. was wrong. Exploited, Mother had called it. She

The saleslady moved into the box too. Eight. wasn't being exploited. She was very sure that

A crowd. Another woman moved closer, and the Mr. Barnett wouldn't....

box held 12. But he did.

"It's a very good buy,"the saleslady said. She had just got to her first period class when

"It's beautiful,"Lisa sighed. Mr. Gregg said, "Lisa, you're wanted in the office."

"It's a lovely dress,"her mother said, "but where "That short skirt,"whispered Diane Bryant. "I'll

will you wear it?"bet he sends you home."

"To school. On dates. When we go out. Every- "He will not,"Lisa laughed, but she wasn't so

where. It's that kind of dress."sure.

"Other places, perhaps, Lisa; but school, no. Look Mr. Barnett said, "Lisa, your skirt is pretty short.

at how short..."Our school rules say kneecap. I'd say you were short

"But that's the style!"a good three inches."

"It is the style,"the saleslady said. "Skirts for "But..."

the young are up.""I'm afraid I shall have to send you home, Lisa."

"Rules at Union Township High School are pretty Mr. Barnett really sounded sorry about it.

rigid,"Mother said. "I wouldn't want you sent home "Will you let me tell you something, Mr. Barnett?"

from school."Lisa asked.

"But, Mother, surely by this time with the maga- "What. is it? Not to send you home because I'll

zines and newspapers and everything showing short disgrace your mother? She should have known better."

skirts,... And it is my money, Mother. I earned "She didn't approve of it,"Lisa said. "She did her

every penny of it."best. But listen, Mr. Barnett, the skirts in the maga-

"That's true, dear. That's why I hope zines and newspapers... all of them are much

you don't waste it."shorter this year. I bought this dress down at

Four Lisa Pringles were alone in the Schneider's..."

box again. Mr. Barnett smiled one of those gruesome adult

Then... smiles that indicate you wouldn't be heard even if

"Mother, if Schneider's Departyou spoke in 17 different languages and shut Lisa ment Store sells these dresses, off with a wave of his hand.

surely they are going to be all "Lisa, I didn't make the rules, so I can't change right for school. All the them to go up and down with women's styles. Now,

kids..."the rules were there, and you chose to break them."

"I'd just rather you weren't He lifted the telephone and said, "Alice, telephone called down or sent home Mrs. Pringle and see if Lisa can come home and

from school, dear. Another change her dress."

thing, that's a lot of money He turned back to Lisa. "Lisa, when you've lived

you're putting into one dress. as long as I have, you'll find out that fashions and

I just hate to see you exfads don't last. We have to have our minds free of

ploited."things that don't last so we can concentrate on things

"Mother, surely Mr. Barnett that do. Surely you haven't been comfortable trying

isn't going to go against the to keep that skirt down?"

magazines and newspapers The buzzer sounded and he picked up the and Schneider's Department telephone.

Store. He'll just fume and "Oh, yes, Mrs. Pringle,"he said. "I'm sorry about

fuss the way he usually does, this, Mrs. Pringle."He chuckled. "All right, I'll tell

but he won't do anything."her. I know, they have to learn for themselves.

"Caveat emptor"Mother I'll tell her."

said, moving away. He hung up.

Lisa went over to the sales- "Your mother was waiting for me to call. She's

lady. Let the buyer beware, bringing you another dress. Just sit out there with

indeed. Miss Stephens until she comes. And Lisa—you've got

a good mother."( Continued on page 910

OCTOBER 1966 871 Early in 1960 with four new temples in operationEach name, together with identifying information, apLos Angeles, New Zealand, Switzerland, and Lonpears on a computer processing card. The names on

don—temple activity began to pull ahead of the these cards are then checked in the endowment file

genealogical research activity of the members of the at the Genealogical Society to see if the temple work

Church. The small stockpile of names cleared by has already been done. If not, the names are sent

the Genealogical Society for temple work began to to the temples, and the baptisms and endowments disappear swiftly. are performed. Finally, a computer printout conSomething had to be done to keep from reducing taining an alphabetical listing of the names, dates,

the number of temple sessions each week at the and other information found in the original parish temples. The Records Tabulation program was deregister is prepared for the Genealogical Society

veloped to fill that need. Known as R-Tab, the Library.

project will provide nearly a million names for temple This type of processing for temple work is conordinances this year. cerned with individual names only, and no family

Volunteer workers and Genealogical Society emgroup records are involved.

ployees extract names, dates, places, and relationships The research necessary to identify family groups from the birth, christening, and burial entries in the and the responsibility for sealing of families is left early parish registers of England and transfer this to the descendants of the persons whose names appear information into electronic processing equipment. in the parish registers. Because of this, family group

THE RECORDS

Panel front of a computer used in genealogical proThe tabulation process begins when each new microgramming. Computer prints alphabetical listing of film and record book is scanned for problem spots.

names, dates, etc., found in original parish records.

To insure accuracy, two operators record the same data from microfilmed records of parish registers.

Computers

are extracting from parish registers millions of new names for temple work.

records pertaining to the English parishes concerned records to the Genealogical Society to be processed can be submitted to the Genealogical Society only for sealings. The baptism and endowment dates can

for sealings. If your ancestors lived in one of the be obtained from the computer printout.

English parishes involved in the R-Tab program, here Thus far, more than five million names have been is what you should do: extracted from more than 1,500 English parish regis-

1. Check the family group records on file at the ters. Plans call for continuing the extraction of

Genealogical Society (Church Records Archives) to names from English registers; then the program will

see if the family has already received all temple move into Scotland. In the future it is planned that

ordinances. other countries will also be involved in the R-Tab

2. Search the other available sources to find all program.

possible information you can about the family. The Saints are now reaping two tremendous bene-

3. When the computer printout for the parish you fits from R-Tab: (1) the temples are still open and

are interested in becomes available, search this names are available; (2) searching in many English

alphabetical listing; then refer back to the parish parishes has been made simple by the timesaving

register itself, and utilize all the information you can alphabetical computer printout. To increase access

in preparing complete family group records. to these valuable alphabetical listings, they are being

4. If you have a definite relationship to the husmicrofilmed and made available to the Genealogical

band and wife, submit the completed family group Society's branch genealogical libraries.

TABULATION PROGRAM

Two magnetic tapes of same material but prepared by different operators are computercompared for discrepancies.

If discrepancies appear in data, researchers return to the original information source and make corrections.

is transferred registers from the parish Information is later tape, which paper to a tencharacter-perinch converted to an 800character-perinch magnetic tape.

OCTOBER 1966 / k JL you dissatisfied with the work of the / L home teachers assigned to your family?

/ k Looking at the size and scope of some of jlk JHL. your problems, do you sometimes say to

yourself: "What can our home teachers possibly do

to help us?"

Do you find that your home teachers'call is basically a social visit; and on the few occasions that A IMC:\Y

they do give a spiritual lesson, do you find it is vague, illsuited, and of little importance or relevance to you family? your and

are There two sides to each coin. Let's look at the u f TT

other side—the home teacher's dilemma. What do

you suppose he is thinking as he looks at your family and asks himself how he can be of service to you?

He has been instructed to search humbly for an area of need in which, under the influence of the Holy inHo BY L. BRENT GOATES Spirit and your combined prayers, he might bring meTEACHING COMMITTEE

spiritual guidance to you and your family. Keenly

aware of his own faults and shortcomings and making every effort to be abundantly charitable in his appraisal of you, he looks closely, but almost invariably he finds little need that is exposed.

What does the average home teacher, well instructed and well motivated, do when he reaches this uncomfortable barrier? He may stall. He might

entertain during his visits for the next few months.

If he is more diligent than most, he will give some generalized, faithpromoting stories, meanwhile watching, praying for a clue that will show him your needs and desires.

This process may take months or even years. It

could in some cases plateau at this level interminably, and the incentive to really change may be lost forever.

The home teacher's priesthood leader can teach, inspire, motivate, and prod him when necessary, but he won't always be successful. You must provide

some help.

Who is the greatest loser if the home teacher ends his striving at this low level of investigation? The

family, of course, suffers the most from perfunctory home teaching. Because you have so much at stake

in this situation, we suggest you do something about it—something, that is, besides grumble inwardly.

It is not a new concept that a father seek out his family home teacher and ask that a particular lesson be taught. Sometimes a home teacher also seeks

a private session with the father in the home to ask him what his wishes are and what he desires to have the home teachers do.

At a special meeting for home teachers and leaders on Friday, April 8, 1966, in the Salt Lake Tabernacle,

Elder Harold B. Lee told the following story:

In a southern Idaho town a father was worried

L Brent Goates, administrator of the Salt Lake LDS

Hospital, is a member of the priesthood home teaching committee and wrote the accompanying article at the request of Elder Marion G. Romney,

874 committee chairman.

about his 18year-old daughter, who resented her parents'attempts to dissuade her from dating a nonin—member boy. Every time the parents counseled

against this romance an argument ensued. Now, to

avoid unpleasantries, communication on the subject ceased, but the dating continued even more intensely.

The parents, concerned and almost in desperation, then looked to their home teacher. "What could he mcnsiou possibly do to help us out of this difficulty?"they

wondered, The father went to the home teacher privately and made three requests. He said, "On your next visit,

I would like you to present a special lesson for our family on temple marriage. I would like you to

bear your testimony of what this principle has meant fto you in your life. Finally, I would appreciate it ifleacnin you would inform me of your visit in advance, because

I especially want our daughter to be present to hear the lesson."

By appointment, the home teacher and his junior companion presented a lesson on temple marriage and bore witness to the blessings that flow for obedience [to this sacred ordinance. There was no immediate

reaction from the daughter. The dating continued.

s Then late one night mother and father heard her return from a date with the nonmember. Soon she

Jtiptoed to the bedside of her parents and whispered:

"I know you've been worried about your daughter, but tonight I've made up my mind to be married only

Siri the temple. You see, ever since our home teacher

taught that lesson, I've been praying a great deal.

Now I have the answer to my prayers. I'll not be

"going out again with Tom."

In the months ahead a renewed effort will be made

Ithroughout the Church to increase communication between parents and home teachers. Particular

emphasis will be placed on recognizing the unique

Sand presiding role of every father as the patriarch to his family. Regardless of the level of his activity

in the Church, he stands at the head of his home. The

planning for his children's religious training should be done with his blessing and, if possible, his participation and leadership.

Fundamental to the understanding of the relationship between family and the Church, however, is a comprehension of the true purpose of home teaching.

JThe home teacher is a first line of defense behind jthe parents and is their strong ally in helping to

Ibring their children back safely to the presence of jour Heavenly Father. Everything that is necessary

to the accomplishment of that divine mission is the [duty of the home teacher, acting in concert with the y4 jptw/ message to all parents [parents in the home. For this reason home teachers

land all members of (Continued on page 913) and home teachers:

Consult together

on lesson subject matter B75 BY PAUL CHEESMAN

Prior to 1823, when Joseph Smith first gazed upon "I... went to the place where the messenger had

the stone box containing the golden plates, no record told me the plates were deposited.... On the west

had been found that described any type of stone box side of this hill, not far from the top, under a stone from any ancient period. Only in recent years have of considerable size, lay the plates, deposited in a

archaeologists confirmed the idea that this method stone box. This stone was thick and rounding in the

of storing valuable articles was common in ancient middle on the upper side, and thinner towards the times. edges, so that the middle part of it was visible above

What better way of preserving a precious record the ground, but the edge all around was covered than to place it in a stone box? Joseph Smith's and with earth.

Oliver Cowdery's descriptions of the stone box con- "Having removed the earth, I obtained a lever, taining the golden plates have stood alone for over which I got fixed under the edge of the stone, and a century as the only incident involving ancient stone with a little exertion raised it up. I looked in, and

boxes. Today the validity of this description is there indeed did I behold the plates, the Urim and

strengthened considerably by numerous discoveries of Thummim, and the breastplate, as stated by the similar description in a variety of shapes and sizes. messenger.

Joseph Smith's own account of the visitations of "The box in which they lay was formed by laying the Angel Moroni indicated that his first experience stones together in some kind of cement. In the

concerning the Book of Mormon occurred September bottom of the box were laid two stones crossways 22, 1823. During the night previous to this date, of the box, and on these stones lay the plates and

Joseph was visited three times by this heavenly mesthe other things with them.

senger. The following day he received a fourth visit "I made an attempt to take them out, but was

from the Angel Moroni, with specific instructions to forbidden by the messenger...."(Joseph Smith

meet him on a nearby hill. Joseph wrote: 2:5053.) (Continued on page 878)

1. Discovered in ruins near Merida, Yucatdn,

Mexico, this box was formed by inverting one carvedout stone over another.

2. Stone box was found at Lake Titicaca, Bolivia.

3. Sketch of large limestone trough found at La

Venta, Tabasco, Mexico, shows symmetrical designs on vessel's outer surface.

A- From Tres Zapotes, Vera Cruz, Mexico, boxes carved from stone are representative of Olmec culture, contemporary with or predating the Maya.

5. Contents of box in this drawing were valuable

and belonged to important people.

6. Man in upper illustration is bearded—perhaps

a god. Feathers of sacred quetzal bird are seen.

7. Stone in foreground is the lid to stone box at

center. Box contained masonry tools when found

at Temple of Kulkulcan, Chichen Itzd, Yucatdn.

876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OCTOBER 1966 877 Joseph then stated that he returned to this spot, however deep this box might have been placed by as commanded, each year for four years. On the Moroni, at first, the time had been sufficient to wear

fourth year he was permitted to take the plates from the earth so that it was easily discovered, when once the stone box and use them for the Lord's purposes. directed, and yet not enough to make a perceivable

Joseph retained these plates, except for short intervals, difference to the passerby. So wonderful are the

until the messenger called for them. Joseph then works of the Almighty, and so far from our finding

delivered the plates to him and remarked, "... he out are His ways, that one trembles to take His holy

has them in his charge until this day, being the second name into his lips, is left to wonder at His exact day of May, one thousand eight hundred and thirtyprovidences, and the fulfillment of His purposes in eight."(Joseph Smith 2:60.) We are not told of the the event of times and seasons."

exact date the plates were returned, only that it was In recent years other stone boxes answering a simisometime prior to May 2, 1838. lar description have been discovered in Central and

In a letter published in the Messenger and Advocate South America. Some contained tools, clothing, and

and with the approval of Joseph Smith, Oliver jewelry; others, it seems, were used for burial purCowdery described the stone box that contained the poses. In each case, however, it was evident that

plates of the Book of Mormon: these stone boxes were used to preserve valuable

"The manner in which the plates were deposited: items.

First, a hole of sufficient depth (how deep I know E. Wyllys Andrews of Tulane University states that

not) was dug. At the bottom of this was laid a stone boxes were used anciently as hiding places for

stone of suitable size, the upper surface being smooth. food and supplies, He has found stone boxes in

At each edge was placed a large quantity of cement Mexico that contained a variety of raw materials and into this cement, at the four edges of this stone used in making jewelry. Some of these boxes were

were placed, erect, four other, their bottom edges on constructed by inverting one metate (concave stone) the first stone. The four last named, when placed over another to form the box. He also said that they

erect, formed a box; the corners, or where the edges were occasionally sealed with plaster.

of the four came in contact, were also cemented so Another interesting stone box was found in Bolivia firmly that the moisture from without was prevented on the island of Titicaca. This box, which is in the

from entering. It is to be observed, also, that the American Museum of Natural History in New York

inner surface of the four erect, or side, stones was City, contains a fine tapestry poncho shirt, but there smooth. This box was sufficiently large to admit a is no positive means of dating the box. The approxibreastplate, such as was used by the ancients to mate dimensions of this box are V/z'x 1'inside and

defend the chest, etc., from the arrows and weapons 2W x IW x 2W outside.

of their enemies. From the bottom of the box, or A few stone boxes 7"to 9"long have been found

from the breastplate, arose three small pillars comin Peru that belonged to the Mochica culture, dating posed of the same description of cement used on the near the time of Christ. These were constructed of

edges; and upon these three pillars was placed the stone slabs laced together with metal rings.

record of the children of Joseph, and of the people Many of the stone boxes found in Mexico are who left the tower far, far before the days of Joseph carved on the outside surface with many intricate or a sketch of each, which had it not been for this, and delicate designs. An interesting book written

and the never failing goodness of God, we might have in German offers a series of explanations and illusperished in our sins, having been left to bow down trations of other stone boxes that have been found in before the altars of the gentiles and to have paid Mexico. One very ornately sculptured box is V x 34"

homage to the priests of Baal! Interpretations of the sculptured figures represented

"I must not forget to say that this box, containing are varied, except for the idea that the contents were the record, was covered with another stone, and the valuable and belonged to people of importance. One

bottom surface being flat and the upper, crowning; theory is that the carved man represents a god. Others

But these three pillars were not so lengthy as to cause declare that there is some evidence of sacrifice, inthe plates and crowning stone to come in contact. I volving the spilling of blood.

have now given you, according to my promise, the On another box, a bearded man is depicted and is manner in which this record was deposited; though believed by some to be a god. Evidence of sacrifice

when it was first visited by our brother, in 1823, a is also indicated on this box, plus the use of quetzal part of the crowning stone was visible above the feathers, a sacred bird of the ancient people. This

surface while the edges were concealed by the soil box measures approximately \W x V.

and grass, from which circumstance you will see, that Several other boxes {Continued on page 900)

878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 5"-* --*

jx&se 4.jl

BY LINDSAY R. CURTIS, M.D.S8

It was from a seventeenyear-old lad named Eddie I held back and watched him cross the stream that I learned an important lesson. He was taking without difficulty.

me to his favorite fishing spot. It was early in the Then he called back, "Don't worry. You'll find a

season, and the stream was still swollen from the sure footing in the lacework of willows and sticks spring runoff. beneath the fast water. As long as you have a sure

As I surveyed the roily, boiling stream, I thought footing, you don't have to worry about how swift the to myself, "I'm glad we don't have to cross that current is!"

torrent of water."I crossed with the same surefootedness that Eddie

Just then Eddie said, "We'll have to cross to the did—and learned an important lesson: We really

other side to reach the good fishing,"and my heart don't have to worry so much about the currents in sank. life if our feet are on solid footing.

I protested with all the logic I could muster. I If our young people have been grounded well in

suddenly became too old and too insecure to cross the sound principles and high ideals, if their feet are stream. We shouldn't take chances. We could find surefootedly placed on the loftiest moral standards,

another place to fish. they will be all right. They can travel almost any-

"Thanks anyway, Eddie, but you go ahead,"I said. where in the world without fear. The crosscurrents

Eddie said nothing but led me through some of social pressures or temptation or manmade false willows to a beaver dam. Across the top of the dam, codes of morality present no hazard to their steady

for a space of ten or twelve feet, the water swept progress.

at what appeared to me to be breakneck speed. If you have a solid footing, it is just as Eddie said:

Eddie merely said, "Follow me!"you don't have to worry too much about swift current!

OCTOBER 1966 879 THEBY NORMA BALDWIN RICKETTSPOUCH

Norma Baldwin Ricketts, formerly columnist and dramamusic critic for the Sacramento Union, is active in California writing and public relations circles. She is a Primary

teacher in Whitney (California) Ward and Church representative to the California State Fair.

When Sarah Fisk and Ezra H. Allen were married

in Potsdam, New York, on Christmas Day, 1837, they looked forward to a happy life together, with all the high hopes and dreams peculiar to young couples in love. She was a descendant of an early Massachusetts family, and he was "an ambitious young

man of good character."

Their years together were few—yet during the brief

eight and a half years shared by Sarah and Ezra there were enough events to fill a lifetime. Little did

either of them realize at the beginning that their story would be such a dramatic one, reaching from one side of America to the other and then circling back again. It is fitting that a ring—a circle of goldis left as the symbol of their story.

The Aliens, married four years, had been blessed with two lovely daughters when Mormon eldersChristopher M. Merkley and and Murray Simmonds—

arrived in Potsdam in 1841. They began holding

meetings, and before long Ezra and two of his brothers were baptized. By the summer of 1842 the

Allen brothers were ready to leave for Nauvoo. They

arrived there early in the winter of 1842 and settled 25 miles up the Mississippi in a beautiful location, where wild flowers greeted Sarah at every step.

In April 1843 they traveled to Nauvoo for general conference of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, held inside the walls of the incompleted temple. They were thrilled to hear the Prophet

Joseph Smith, and a short time later Sarah, too, was baptized into the Mormon Church. She wrote of the

meetings held in their branch and of the rich outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord that attended them, causing their hearts to rejoice.

This was probably their last period of peace and happiness, because the persecution of church members by outsiders began to reach them. In June

1844, when the Prophet Joseph and his brother Hyrum were murdered by a mob at Carthage, Illinois, the

Aliens shed bitter tears along with many others.

But their faith was in God, and they were counseled by members of the Twelve Apostles to remain calm

880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The strange but true story of how a massacred Mormon Battalion soldier's gold reached his family --and paid their way to Zion.

1.OI J>ITS IM U 1>

and to complete the temple. The sacrifices of the where Brigham Young had decided to stop.

Saints at this time were great because of loss of Using an old map that showed only a few rivers, property and sickness. they journeyed past Fresno, where the Indians gave

On the 2nd of September 1845, Alexander Alma them corn and melons. A short time later they met

Allen, their second son, was born. During the winter Thomas Rhodes, a Mormon emigrant of 1846, and

of 184546 the Aliens worked, with many others, learned from him for the first time that Great Salt on the Nauvoo Temple and were able to receive Lake Valley had been selected as the stopping place.

their ordinances in the temple before leaving. They arrived at Sutter's Fort on August 25, had their

As the preparations were completed for the westanimals shod, purchased needed supplies, and then ward trek, Ezra Allen and Joel Ricks traveled to St. continued on.

Louis to bring additional stock to Nauvoo for the The exbattalion members saw the remains of the journey. They finally crossed the Mississippi River Donner Party tragedy on September 5. They conon April 27, 1846. Heavy rains made traveling diffitinued to the other side of the summit where they

cult and slow, but they continued on until they met Captain James Brown, also of the battalion, who reached Council Bluffs, Iowa. Sarah Allen wrote of had been in charge of one of the companies in

the evening camps. Her husband, who had been a Pueblo. He came to collect their discharge pay and

piper with the Nauvoo Legion, and some men who to bring them a letter from President Brigham Young.

had brought their violins endeavored to cheer the They were instructed to return to California for the

Saints with their music. It was here in July 1846 winter and to work for clothing, stock, and provisions

that Brigham Young received the request from the if they did not have sufficient means. If their famipresident of the United States for a battalion of 500 lies were in Salt Lake, they were to continue on.

men to assist in the war with Mexico. Diaries state "half went on and half turned back."

Allen enlisted and made plans for Sarah to remain Since about 265 had been discharged in Los Angeles,- in Council Bluffs until he could return and take his there were approximately 130 discharged soldiers family west to the gathering place of the Saints. He who turned around and went back to work a season

also made arrangements for his young wife to draw at Sutter's Fort and in the San Francisco Bay area.

supplies from a store at a small settlement on the Thus it was that Ezra Allen spent the winter workthe Missouri River. Pleased that he would be paid ing for Captain John Sutter. The following January,

for his services, he marched away hopefully. 1848, the nine workers building a lumber mill for

The accomplishments of the Mormon Battalion have Sutter at Coloma were present when the mill foreman, been told many times. The hardships they endured, James Marshall, discovered gold. Six of the men

their courage, and their determination are recorded present were former members of the Mormon in many journals and subsequent histories. Arriving Battalion.

in San Diego on January 30, 1847, they continued to As spring approached, the men were eager to be serve until July 1847, when their year of enlistment on their way to Salt Lake. Situated in an enviable

was over. Except for 81 who reenlisted for another position, they had first claim to rich gold deposits,

six months, the rest left immediately for northern yet a majority remembered the instructions of their

California. Prophet and began to make plans to leave.

The discharged men had heard of the Brooklyn and Eight men started out on May 1 under Captain its load of Mormons in San Francisco and decided to Daniel Browett to pioneer a wagon road over the take this route to join the main body of the Church, Sierra Nevada Mountains, since the Truckee route although they did not know at that moment exactly was still impassable. (Continued on page 919)

OCTOBER 1966 881 teaching fismm*.MT3

CONDUCTED BY THE CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM n

.\, -

i iwimmjmT

Some months ago the New York Times printed the following: "An English rector startled the convocation of Canterbury today 1SSP

by asking that he not be required to read spiritual junk and poison from the Old

Testament to his congregation."

The rector contended that such statements as: "They shall be burnt with hunger, and

devoured with burning heat, and with bitter destruction: I will also send the teeth of

beasts upon them, with the poison of serpents of the dust"(Deut. 32:24), was indeed

spiritual junk. A God of love would never

-send a beast to devour his children, he suggested.

It has been obvious to teachers and students—as well as English rectors—that many

have had difficulty in understanding the

Old Testament.

Because of this, the teacher called by divine authority to teach an Old Testament class should spend some time in quiet contemplation. He needs to be aware of

the several approaches that can be used in teaching the Old Testament and to select the approach that will best serve his needs.

The following summarizes these various approaches:

As Great Literature When Benjamin Franklin was United BY KENNETH W. GODFREY

States minister to France, he joined a INSTITUTE INSTRUCTOR (CURRENTLY ON LEAVE OF ABSENCE) sophisticated philosophical society made up of the best minds in France. These sophisticates delighted in ridiculing and pointing

out the contradictions in the Bible, particu-, '-=!-. -...:-.

larly the Old Testament. This group often

presented plays for each other. When it

came Franklin's turn to entertain them, he hired some performers to present a great old

882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Five commonly used teaching approaches are evaluated.

masterpiece. His friends were awed by the performthat Joseph Smith could perhaps be called a Bible

ance and the superb story. After basking in their scholar. We should remember that Bible scholarship

plaudits for a sufficiently long time, Franklin disclosed has added much to our reservoir of knowledge. Bible

that what they had witnessed was a presentation of scholars have not always been correct in their claims the Book of Ruth from the Old Testament. and assertions; however, their contributions have been

Edgar Allen Poe listed several things that make notable. In general, they have had as their objective

short stories great, and the story of Ruth more than the understanding of the Bible, not its ridicule or meets his standard. condemnation.

Literary people also consider the Book of Job to Many parts of the Bible can be understood only be of great literary merit. To them, the struggle of in their historical settings. For example, the "abomJob to understand both good and evil in the world ination of desolation"spoken of in Daniel is clearly

classifies the book as a literary classic. The book understood in terms of historical background.

forcefully teaches that goodness does not lead to a Antiochus, bent upon Hellenizing, or forcing Greek life free from pain, sorrow, and suffering. It also culture upon, the Jews, built an altar to Zeus in

stresses that illness and troubles are not necessarily front of the Temple of the Jews. On this altar he

the result of sin. offered swine's flesh as a sacrifice. This act is called

Perhaps Psalms and Proverbs and other books of by the writer of Daniel the "abomination of desolathe Old Testament can thus be taught as examples tion,"and it precipitated the Maccabean uprising.

of great literature. No matter which approach one uses in teaching

the Old Testament, a knowledge of history and people

As a Cultural Tradition will prove invaluable.

The Old Testament can also be taught as a reserAs Absolute Scripture voir of a great cultural tradition. If 'one were to

approach the volume in this manner, he would find Some Protestant denominations have contended that that the nature and extent of the Old Testament have God dictated each and every word in the Old Testacontributed greatly to our own civilization. Who ment. They have argued that every part of the book

among us has not, almost without thinking, quoted is as valuable as every other part. For some years

Ecclesiastes 1:9, "there is no new thing under the sun"; our article of faith that states, "We believe the Bible

8:15, "eat, drink, and be merry"; Psalm 8:2, "out to be the word of God as far as it is translated

of the mouth of babes"; Isaiah 53:7, "a lamb to the correctly,"was held in some ridicule by some

slaughter"; or 1 Samuel 13:14, "a man after his own denominations.

heart"? The Old Testament has become a part of the Latterday Saint teachers should remember, howAmerican tradition. To appreciate this statement ever, that Joseph Smith said that the Song of Solomon

more fully, one needs only to read early American was not inspired. And Brigham Young said, concerning

Puritan history. the Bible, "I believe the words of God are there; I

believe the words of the devil are there; I believe

As a Historical Cultural Deposit that the words of men and the words of angels are there; and that is not all—I believe that the words of

Many Latterday Saints have been reluctant to read a dumb brute are there. I recollect one of the

any of the Bible scholars. We seem to have forgotten prophets riding, and (Continued on page 892)

OCTOBER 1966 883 This unusual treevine of life, representing the love of God, was discovered saw God sitting upon his throne, the on walls ancient by Jacob surrounded synagogue of an and depicts the surrounded with numberless contribes Israel, blessing Joseph and Manasseh, and the pagan of Ephraim

Orpheus playing to a lion and a-lamb, depicting harmony in Israel throughcourses of angels...."(1 Ne. 1:8.)

is world. out the heavenly with At top God hosts. (Photograph taken This vision, as we have noted Vol. Symbols, Jewish by E. p. 93, R. Goodenough.) 2, from

elsewhere, is a standard theme in the apocryphal "testaments"of various patriarchs and prophets. 59

It seems to have held a central position in early Jewish imagery, enjoying a prominence that was entirely lost later on. That prominence is attested on the walls of

the ancient synagogue at Dura Europos, discovered just a hundred years after the coming forth of the Book of Mormon.

"Before the discovery of the Dura synagogue in 1932,"writes

Professor E. R. Goodenough, "anyone would have been thought mad

who suggested that Jews could have made such a place of worship. Its discovery has maddened

us all, but we do not return to sanity when we* force the synagogue to conform a priori to Jewish literary traditions which through the centuries had never suggested to anyone that such a building could have existed."60

Here, then, we have something truly new and revolutionary turning up "since Cumorah"to tell us how the early Jews really thought about things—splendid murals from

a synagogue that has been buried in the dust since the third century

A.D. showing us things so differCUMORAH ent from the conventional and accepted concepts of ancient Judaism (SINCE QUMRAN) as to appear to be nothing less

than madness to the experts. In

PH.D. NIBLEY, BY HUGH these impressive murals we see PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

such unexpected things as the bread and wine of the Messianic meal, reminding us of the sacraThe remarkable vision of the tree of life found in the Book of

Mormon has apparently been revealed to nonBook of Mormon prophets ment; we see the wandering of

also, according to modern findings. The author reports on the 1932 Israel in the desert with the waters

discovery of a Syrian synogogue upon whose walls are painted murals depicting Israel's history, the sacrament, and much of the treeof-life of life flowing in twelve miraculous vision recorded in 1 Nephi. streams, with "the head thereof a

little way off"(1 Ne. 8:14) to each

News from Dura Europos. on his own bed, especially since of the tribal tents.

Isaiah transported to heaven as the visions were partly the same, But the most important reprehe lay on the king's bed reminds us Lehi, it will be recalled, "saw the sentation of all is the central of Lehi "carried away in a vision"heavens open, and he thought he composition that crowns the Torah

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA shrine, the ritual center of the to a lion and a lamb. The earliest standard Greek and Persian images

synagogue. Directly above the Christian art is fond of the figure appears also in the Iranian characshrine, as if springing directly of Orpheus, one of the two pagan ter of the heavenly court that

from the Law itself, is depicted a figures admitted freely to Christian appears above the tree.

splendid tree beneath whose sinimagery; instead of playing to all Above "the tree of life and salvauous and spreading boughs the the animals as he usually does, the tion which led to the supernal

twelve sons of Israel stand around Christian Orpheus usually sings to throne"was depicted the throne their father Jacob; while sheltered a lion and a lamb, as in the Dura itself, in a scene in which God is

by the branches on the other side synagogue—which of course sugshown enthroned in heaven, PerJoseph is seen conferring his gests that it was Isaiah 14 that sian fashion, surrounded by his

blessing upon Ephraim and Manaspaved the way for the acceptance heavenly hosts. Goodenough finds

seh. A remarkable thing about of Orpheus into the Christian the idea both surprising and comthis tree of life (for none fail to community. 63 pelling: "The enthroned king surrecognize it as such) is that it is Goodenough suggests that the rounded by the tribes in such a

both a tree and a vine. Here ProDura Orpheus "was probably place reminds us much more of

fessor Goodenough helps us out: called David,"through whose the Christ enthroned with the

"In an atmosphere where identi- "heavenly, saving music Israel Saints in heaven... than any other

fication rather than distinctions, could be glorified."64 Certainly he figure in the history of art. Let me

mingling rather than separation, represents the harmony of Israel repeat, that before the discovery of ruled the thoughts of men... the throughout the world as well as the synagogue all sane scholars

treevine seems to express this the harmony of all nature; the would have agreed that 'of course'

sense of identification of tree with listening animals show that. In no such synagogue paintings as

vine to the point that we have this picture, to follow Professor these could have existed at all."65

called it the treevine. Out of the Goodenough again, "the artist is As this is the high point in the

Torah shrine... grew the tree of trying to show the glorification of Dura murals, so was it also in

life and salvation which led to the Israel through the mystic treeLehi's vision.

supernal throne."61 vine, whose power could also be It is interesting how these visions

Now, for whatever it is worth, represented as a divine love which seem to get around, and the Book the olive tree that stands for Israel the soul purifying music of an of Mormon casts some light on that in the Book of Mormon imagery Orpheus figure best symbolized."64 problem too when it reports that

is also a vine; it grows in a vineWhat Orpheus does, then, is to after Lehi had described his vision

yard, is planted, cultivated, and show that the tree represents dito his family, his son Nephi was owned "by the lord of the vinevine love. granted the identical revelation,

yard,"and is in the charge of the Again we turn to the Book of only with a fuller explanation, inworkers in the vineyard. We sugMormon: there the spreading treecluding points that Lehi had overgested a possible explanation for vine is clearly and often stated to looked. Thus we see how the same

this queer state of things by the represent Israel but also has anvision, far from being reserved to close association of the olive and other significance. When the angel one man, might be shared by others

the vine in Mediterranean lands, 62 asked Nephi about the tree of his with the intent that through the but we may have here a better vision, "Knowest thou the meaning preaching of those thus favored the explanation. There was nothing of the tree which thy father saw?"vision might become the common

repugnant to "the thoughts of the young man "answered him property and tradition of all the men"in Lehi's day in having one saying: Yea, it is the love of God, people. (Moro. 7:2932.)

and the same object both a tree and which sheddeth itself abroad in (To be continued) a vine and in having it represent the hearts of the children of men;

half a dozen different things at wherefore, it is the most desirable FOOTNOTES the same time, with no sense of above all things."(1 Ne. 11:2122.) 59We have listed them in Vigiliae Chriscontradiction or confusion whatWhat at a later date could bettianae,E. R.Vol.Goodenough,20 (1966), Jewishp. 12. Symbols in the

ever. ter express "the meaning of the GrecoRoman1964), Vol. 10,PeriodPt. 2, (Newp. 197. York: Pantheon,

We get the same freeand-easy tree"as that universal love for murals Ibid.,mayp. be200.foundReproductionsin Vol. 11 of oftheallseries.the

identifications in the art of Dura which all creatures yearn than to e2The Improvement Era, Vol. 68 (October

as in the Book of Mormon. At add the classic picture of Orpheus 1965),See p.the876.discussion and reproductions in H.

Dura we see high in the branches to it? That the Jews at Dura had Leclercq,Leclercq's Dictionnairearticle on d'archaeologieOrpheus in Cabrolet de li-&

of the tree the familiar figure of by centuries of exposure to them turgie chretiennes, Vol. 12, pp. 2736ff.

Orpheus as he sits playing his lyre become quite hospitable to certain Goodenough,Loc. cit. op. cit., p. 201.

OCTOBER 1966 888 Horseshoes, tetherball, climbing pole, tricky bars.

Apples, cherries, grapes, peaches. Carrots, chives,

tomatoes, cucumbers. Wiener roasts, tree houses,

patios, children's campouts.

What do all of these words have in common? They

represent the variety of activities and produce that can be found in the backyard of millions of homes today. With planning, they could be found in many

more.

Sound like fun? It is!

A recent release from the New York Herald Tribune

News Service suggests, "Plan to grow a few fruits and berries. The pleasure you derive will more than outweigh the extra effort involved, even if your property

is small.... The dwarf fruit trees make it possible

BY DAVID LOFGREN for even the person with limited space to enjoy an

The author is coordinator of custodial and maintenance assortment of delicious treeripened fruit, in addition training and landscape horticulturist for the Church and is to pretty spring blossoms."

seventies group leader in the Valley View (Salt Lake) Sound hard?4th Ward.

It really isn't—in fact, it can be easy.

For years we have been advised of the wisdom of having a oneyear food supply. Now there is a way

for city dwellers as well as their country neighbors to have at least a 20year supply of fruits and vegetables—or at least a year's supply fresh each year for

20 years and more. Have a garden!

The two shade trees on our front lawn are apricots. In the side yard and play area we have a plum, two

pear, two peach, and three apple trees. Along the

side and at the back of the yard we have six cherry trees, half a dozen peach trees, and a prune tree. In

the foundation planting next to the house we have re peach trees and another plum tree.

ition to these, we have a small garden spot es, peas, and other vegetables as well as a onions, chives, parsley, cooking

A workable plan for better use of any plot of ground.

886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

And we still have plenty of space for flowers, everHere is a plan with 17 fruit trees, a back lawn greens, and lawn, plus enough planned area for a that is large enough for volleyball, and a patio large sandpile, tricky bars, tetherball, horseshoes, tentenough for three folding tables and a charcoal broiler.

pitching, volleyball, outdoor patio parties and even a We also have a sandpile, play yard, and other extras.

fire pit for wiener roasts. By using a smaller lawn area and restricting the

True, ours is a doublesize lot, but with a little care games to tetherball, table tennis, and horseshoes, you and planning and the wise use of such plants as the could add a vegetable garden.

new dwarf, semidwarf, and doubledwarf fruit trees, It can be done. It can be fun. Grab your pencil

you can probably get the same fun and blessings from and draw a plan—and please, plan for living.

your own yard, even if it is smaller. A plan such as the one illustrated is designed for

Proper planning and followthrough will each year easy maintenance. The yard can be tended easily in

provide a beautiful, generous supply of fruit and food, about three hours a week. The rest of your free time

shade and beauty. And you will have a good start can be spent in the shade of an apple tree, reading,

on achieving your goal of a year's supply of food. painting, dreaming, or playing with the children.

I am not an alarmist, but I remember more than Though they are not shown in this drawing, don't once being told that it costs no more to drive a car shortchange the potential of vegetable gardens. Utah

on the gas from the top of the tank than it does from State University Extension Circular number 313 adthe bottom. I may not always need that extra gas vises us that providing the various vegetable needs

from a full tank but it is nice to have it and to know for a family of five calls for:

some will still be there for tomorrow, just in case. Carrots 2 50foot rows

You may not need your oneyear supply next year Beets 1 50foot row either, but you would still have your fruit to ease your

Peas 2 50foot rows budget demands and your garden would provide Swiss chard 1 25foot row pleasant eating and a pleasurable hobby.

Beans ( snap 6 50foot rows Economics have shown that you can't grow your

Tomatoes 60 plants, spaced 24'x 36'fruit as cheaply as you can buy it. But if you are Turnips 1 25foot row

going to have shade trees, why not have flowering Parsnips 1 50foot row shade trees that also bear fruit? A wellplanned Potatoes* 20 50foot rows

landscape requires shrubs, trees, and ground cover.

Why not plant cherries, currants, and berries? Gardening is an interesting hobby, and the results

If you are going to have some lawn area, why not can't be matched for providing joy and value in design it to provide for games, camping, and eating.

recreation? Everyone needs a touch of farming to make him

Even small home grounds can provide an amazing really appreciate the goodness of creation. We could

bounty. Here we have developed a sample plan to all do well by spending less time preparing our youth

show what can be done. This is an 8,000square foot for the trails and, instead, teaching them how to

lot with an 80foot frontage and a 100foot depth. build bridges.

Play area

FRUITS

1. Apple—semidwarf

2. Apple—dwarf

3. Apricot—standard

4. Cherry—standard

5. Cherry—semidwarf

Strawberry 6. Peach—standard

7. Plum—standard

8. Prune—standard

NONFRUITS j 9. Austrian Pine 'Potatoes take too much space

10. Compact Pfitzer for the average home.

11. Mugho Pine

12. Tarn Juniper

NOTE: Bark patio mulch in play area and under all fruit trees >

4fcQiXti2===f&(& - 2"deep *; Herbs SayWhatYou Mean, But Saylt J Right

BY LEOLA SEELY ANDERSON words, our faithful tools, clothe the thought. Manipulate them as we will, they serve us even as we dictate,

"How forcible are right words!"weaving their own magic, potent to guide the actions

(Job 6:25.) of men. A word spoken is said and gone, though its

Musical words tuned to a lullaby echoes may ricochet to bless or to destroy; written

will put a babe to sleep; harsh words have immortality, and even as men, they will

words and cunning will unleash a be judged on their merit. Their clarity, their beauty,

mob's violence; eloquent words will their truth determine their godly power or their

send legions into the jaws of death; satanic cunning.

measured words will launch a rocket beyond the sky; Then must we not look carefully to our language,

gentle words will soothe the savage beast; encouragwe who profess to carry the Lord's word to a critical

ing words will fire the faith of youth to bear the and sometimes cynical world? We must not appear

Word to the world. Words mold opinion, open doors ludicrous! Therefore we must cease to "administer to"

to life more abundant, create endless echoes that the sacrament. The sacred emblems are not ill. Properthe world may fling right back at us. ly, the priesthood administers the sacrament to a

Words are power! congregation. However, should you make such a

To influence others, one must communicate, and mistake in speech, please do not compound the error by "feeling badly"about it. This means only that

Leola Seely formerly a reporter Anderson, for newspapers in Salt Lake City, resides (California) your "feeling apparatus"is out of order—your fingernear San Bernardino

Valley College, where she has served as an instructor. tips injured, your antenna bent.

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Don't feel bad about your mistake—correct it! a beautiful race horse with a proud smile on his face."

Thou shalt be grammatical who bear the vessels And, without regard to reference:

of the Lord. It is said that "grammar is a system of "Mrs. Carter kissed Elaine on her departure."

pitfalls thoughtfully prepared for the feet of the selfOr:

made man along the path by which he advances to "Embracing each other, her eyes sparkled with distinction."Only a reputable class in English coupled delight."

with diligent study and practice can eliminate errors Too, one may communicate more than he realizes—

of long standing. Most common among them is the his culture, even his national characteristics. To corcombination of singular subjects with plural verbs: rect a child:

"Each of the brethren are striving to learn."(Each The American mother says, "Johnny, be good!"This

one are?) Similarly, "Everyone of us is."And this implies he is bad, wicked.

warning is meant for you and me (not for you and I). The French mother says, "Jean, be wise!"It is foolNow, will everybody please turn his ( not their ) attenish to misbehave.

tion to breaking bad habits? This is the only way he The Scandinavian mother says, "Jan, be kind!"It

(not they) will learn how truth is different from (not is unkind to do wrong.

than) error. The German mother says, "Johann, be in step!"

Our communications—like our multiple meetingsYou're out of line—march!

are sometimes the essence of redundancy: "But this The Hopi Indian mother murmurs, "No, no! That is

meeting is absolutely essential,"we are told. "What's not the Hopi way!"We do things differently.

more, it's necessary. Well, I presume it will do you Words convey not only meaning but also feeling.

good and help you, too, besides the benefit you will The denotation of a word as given in the dictionary derive from it."may be quite different from its connotation as reAnd sometimes our colorful diction lightens the ceived by the listener:

gamut of a mixture of figures of speech, from a na- "Propaganda"really denotes nothing more sinister tional level down: "We must put the Ship of State than "a body of facts designed to promote an idea."

back on its feet!""A man must stand on his own two But what does it connote to you? Or try getting

shoulders!"Or even, "Leave it to the Chief Joints of emotional over "house, sweet house,"or "apartment,

Staff."Is it any wonder my congressman writes me in sweet apartment."Now try it with "home."If you

"an angry tone of voice"? Perhaps you enjoyed Miss want a fight, call a German a "sheepshead"; but an

Malaprop herself who appeared recently in the press American will start swinging for "rat!"

with an apologetic murmur, "I feel so inaqueduct."Denotation may be one reason for man's tendency to*fc

In writing, no less than in the spoken word, we have coin apt words and phrases, seasoning the language to our troubles in communicating our exact intent. Conindividual taste. To spice what might otherwise

sider the eight different meanings we achieve simply appear to be an unkind epithet, one may refer to a by the placement of such a small word as only in this "vidiot,"an incorrigible television fanatic; or one may

sentence: "I hit him in the eye yesterday."admire an "aquatot,"an expert child swimmer. And

"Only I..."I alone did the deed. one may span an ocean only to discover that America

"I only hit him...."I gave no other abuse. and England are in very fact only second cousins: In

"I hit only him...."I don't hit everybody. London our kitchen garbage can becomes a "stepon

"I hit him only in the eye...."Not above, below, bin"; an overpass is a "flyover"; our freeway is a

or beside it. "clearway"there; to the British, "subway"is a pedes-

"I hit him in only the eye...."No other spot—not trial walkthrough; and what we call a subway is the

even the nose. "underground"to them.

"I hit him in the only eye...."Poor lad—he's a Simplification, proper usage, correct form, even

cyclops! color—these are the basics. But the language of heart

"I hit him in the eye only yesterday."As recently and intellect demands much more of words. The

as that! subtleties of thought and emotion can be expressed in

"I hit him in the eye yesterday only."Never at any language. Our problem lies in making discriminating

other time. choices, and this power to make accurate word selecImages sometimes are communicated in something tion must be learned and developed. It is a power

less than crystal clearness by the misplacing of a that we need in order to receive our Father's greatest modifying phrase: gifts—the ability to inspire others and the capacity

"Father took us all out to the stable and showed us for pure communicative enjoyment.

OCTOBER 1966 889 a

These Times placed on education and the apincluding room and board. The

parent widespread interest in and reason is simple. Education and

(Continued from page 852) enthusiasm for it. Although more educated leadership is the first

Africans are attending universities necessity of the new African naThe road forward may be long in England, France, Germany, tions. "The captains and the kings"

and difficult, but the ruins of Italy, and other parts of Europe have departed. And though former

Carthage, Leptis Magna, and than in the United States, interest European overlords and their

Cyrene suggest that the past may in American education is keen. neighbors are still anxious and willhave only been a prologue for In the north, because of long ing to help, Africans realize they

North Africa's future in the days of cultural ties with France, including must produce their own teachers, technology, airconditioning, tourlanguage, there is an inherent engineers, technicians, scientists, ism, advancing education, and jet preference for French degrees. But doctors, nurses. Therefore, able

travel. at the university colleges in Naistudents are recruited and careNear Nairobi, the capital of robi and Dar es Salaam, I found fully selected for the existing

Kenya, I visited Kenyatta Teachers excellent physical plants, excellent places. Unlike the American traCollege, where I saw part of the leadership, and interested, if somedition, where boys and girls of

future of this rich land. Throughwhat pampered, students. I say modest income "work their way"

out socalled "Black Africa,"south "somewhat pampered,"by Amerithrough school, many African stuof the Sahara, I was impressed can standards, because most of the dents are subsidized.

with the governmental emphasis students attend on full scholarships, Universal elementary education is not far off. The quality of secondary and elementary education

is being benefited by increased numbers of teachers colleges.

Higher education is rapidly moving forward under the influence culture. crying of Western The | THE

qualified is for everywhere SPOKEN TO SHUT EACH OTHER OUT need

WORD i teachers. At the University of

Libya in Benghazi, I found an exceedingly able president, who has

RICHARD L. EVANS an advanced degree from Columbia. Nine Libyan faculty members

From a dramatic portrayal we cite these two sentences spoken between had also been trained in the two people who found themselves drawn far apart, hardly aware that United States. The other fifty or

they had done so until the distance between them was wide and deep. sixty of his faculty came from Eng-

"It is so easy,"one of them said, "to miss the moment when the most land, Canada, France, Taiwan, important thing in life changes."1 And then heartbreakingly this obserEgypt, Lebanon, Italy, and other

vation was added: "It is lonely to be together now, isn't it?"1 There countries. He longs for the day

are many kinds of loneliness, and the most acute kind may not be when "tourist professors"can be physical, but loneliness of the heart—the loneliness of being with people replaced permanently with Libyan

whose thoughts and purposes are not akin to ours, the loneliness of professors. That day will come.

being with people very impersonally, the loneliness even that comes I was impressed with the kindliin a crowd, or the deeper loneliness of being left out of someone's life. ness, gentility, and eagerness of the

It is easy for people to pull apart, to become educated in different African peoples below the Sahara.

directions, to become acquainted in different directions, to acquire Tribal cultures predominate in the different friends, different activities, different interests, which of thembush, while in the cities are found selves are not necessarily separating, so long as there is not an ignoring urban technology, shops, and modof the causes and symptoms of separation. And as to husbands and ern services. I found far greater

wives: there is necessarily a division of labor and responsibility. It isn't development than expected. If

possible, always, for them to enter into all of each other's activities, present trends and interests conalways to be professionally or even socially engaged in the same circle, tinue, it can be predicted that the but they can be interested, understanding, and informed, and have a most remarkable human progress common purpose, and share confidences, and thus keep close. It is in the shortest time (with the exwhen we begin to shut each other out of our thoughts and purposes ception of the past history of

that the dangerous kind of separation sets in. This suggests the sharing Japan) may be seen in East,

of confidence and communication between husbands and wives—Central, and West Africa in the

confiding closeness to those who do or should mean the most. A man next generation.

is most vulnerable—a woman, a boy, a girl—when he shuts himself away Islam, so far as religion is confrom those to whom he should keep closest. Let it never be said of cerned, predominates in North

loved ones: "It is lonely to be together."Let us never blindly miss Africa. Veiled women, side by

the moment when the most important thing in life could change if we side with smartly dressed women were not careful and considerate and sensitive to it. in European style, are seen on the

streets of Algiers and Tunis.

lender Is the Night, produced by Twentieth CenturyFox Film Corp. Mosques and minarets mark the

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia skyline. In Kenya, Tanzania,

Broadcasting System July 31, 1966. Copyright 1966. Ghana, and Liberia, the Sunday

890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA church notices nearly fill a page in costume. She sat near the new ington and Hamilton in our bethe Saturday newspapers. Catholic highway, holding up a dead wild ginnings, are consciously trying to

and most Protestant sects are pig for sale or trade. A few miles guide the economy. But the numlisted. The telephone directory for distant was the plush Hotel Ambers of Dutch, German, and British

Accra, capital city of Ghana, lists bassador. The hunters of northern businessmen, among others, who

many Christian missions: MethodKenya stand out in contrast with boarded every plane and checked

ist, Lutheran, Baptist, Presbyterian, the urbane officials and scientists into every hotel as I did gave eviEpiscopal. in Nairobi whom I met and enjoyed dence that private enterprise is

In Liberia, the students of Cutlunch with. also stirring.

tington College (Episcopal mainEducation, tribalism, kinship, naAfrica is no longer the dark tained) presented an excellent tionalism, pride, determinationcontinent of Stanley and Livingproduction of Rodgers and Hamall touched and influenced by such stone. It is alive and moving,

merstein's The King and I. Cuttingmessages as I heard in Monroviaanxious and willing ( at least in the

ton's president and President Weeks could, I felt, eliminate superstition, field of education) to receive help of the University of Liberia in fear, disease, and squalor, and and obtain guidance in these times.

Monrovia rank with any of their bring hope and success to sunIt may, in the twentyfirst century, colleagues in the United States drenched Africa. occupy a place as a "new world"—

and, in addition, speak more preAt last new and significant things attracting investment, commerce, cise English than some of their are happening. The governments and immigration, as the Americas

American brethren. of Africa, like ours under Washingdid in the nineteenth.

In Monrovia, on the last Sunday of June, I attended an Episcopal service. The excellent sermon,

based on New Testament texts, was delivered in wellspoken language by the pastor, Dr. Edwards. PARENTS AND CHILDRENHe had an attentive and a joyfulsinging congregation. PULLING APART

Mine was one of the few white faces among the four hundred present, all smartly dressed. The

young girls were in white frocks RICHARD L. EVANS

with little straw hats. Many of

the boys wore scout uniforms and On this question again of the wide differences that sometimes come helped with traffic before and between husbands and wives, of the pulling apart of people who should after service. The highlight for keep closer—another side of this subject pertains to parents and children

me was the rendering, by the choir and their need to confide and keep closer. Obviously it isn't possible

and organ, of Haydn's "The Heavfor parents and children to enter actively into all of each other's ens Are Telling"from the oratorio activities, but parents and children can be interested and informed, and

The Creation. I have heard the can communicate and keep a closeness of confidence, and be more

glorious anthem in the Salt Lake available and open and understanding. Parents should be good listeners

Tabernacle, in the Royal Albert and available to talk to. And children should share with parents a

Hall in London, and in a variety of confiding account of their hearts and hopes and interests and activities.

university and other auditoriums. Everyone should be accountable to someonesomeone who cares,

But I heard it with new insight in someone who waits. And a mother or father, waiting and awake, talking

Monrovia, Liberia, and felt that out and listening, is a great source of safety. Parents need to know,

the people of these nations indeed and children need to talk, to counsel with, to confide, for their own have it within them to build a subassurance and safety. It should never be, as one eminent observer

said, heartbreakingly I of see the persons "Most house whom own in mystantial future.

1 I see across a gulf."be, in the never gulf There a should home, such contrast the patient I could

It to look walls. within such across—no wide distances never shouldtribeswoman of Ghana, in native

"lonely close, families be to be together. our to keep need..."2 We

to talk, to teach, to counsel, to confide, and not be too busy for the things that matter most. "Our grand business,"said Carlyle, "is not to

see what lies dimly in the distance, but to do what lies clearly at

SEED THE HEART hand."The happy and responsible home is the sure solution for the

BY BERTHA WILCOX SMITH social ills that beset us. After all else is said and considered, there isn't

any other way. Whatever the problems, whatever the inconvenience,

Seed the heart continually; whatever time it takes, this is first and finally the plea for parents and

Never let its terrain be children: Keep close to each other, in respect and love and consideration,

Waste, as fields that rest a season; in counsel and confidence and communication. "To be happy at home,"

Fields, for interlude, have reason. said Samuel Johnson, "is the ultimate result of all ambition."3

That the heart may always hear Emerson,Twentieth Journals,CenturyFoxVol. production,5, p. 324. Tender Is the Night.

Fruits of love, set seedlings there; 3Samuel Johnson, The Rambler, No. 68.

Spare no space for thistle, mallow—"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Never let the heart lie fallow. Broadcasting System Aug. 7, 1966. Copyright 1966.

OCTOBER 1966 891 RAISE FUNDS FOR YOUR CHURCH, CLUB OR CIVIC GROUP Teaching genuine purpose is not to give information about a Jewish scientific (Continued from page 883) attempt to classify animals, but prophesying against Israel, and the rather to enforce and make conanimal he rode rebuked his madcrete the demand for cleanliness in ness."(Journal of Discourses, Vol. daily life. When this is under14, p. 280.) stood, the fact that we believe the

Your organization can sell our John A. Widtsoe opined that men classification of animals to be intop quality pecans and candy to in the Old Testament attributed correct in several respects does not

raise needed funds. We grow, some things to God that were in matter.

pack and ship our own pecan reality the acts of men. Modern An important purpose of the acmeats, attractively packaged in prophets have clearly said that count of Abraham being comcellophane bags. Whole halves or some parts of the Bible are less manded by God to offer Isaac as a

broken pieces available. scriptural than other parts, and sacrifice is to tell about confident

And now! Boost your sales and that the words and thoughts of unobedience to God—how necessary

profits with our complete line inspired translators have crept it is and how it opens the way to of homemade, individually gift within its pages. freedom and blessing.

boxed pecan candies: Pecan BritThese are some of the concepts

tle, Pecan Glace, and Pecan Log teachers should impart.to their

Rolls. As Scripture Containing the students. Unimportant details or

For complete details and wholesale price Word of God and Teachings omissions are miniscule in comlists, write: That Will Affect the Lives of parison. The books of the Old

People for Good Testament are Godcentered or reMASCOT PECAN COMPANY ligious in content. God gave man

GLENNVILLE, GEORGIA Some teachers in the past have the Bible to show man the way to been guilty of teaching only chroeternal life. The Bible gives us a

nology and facts. They have felt creative and saving revelation

CHI'S TOURS TRAVEL their job was completed if the necessary for eternal life.

the approach should Teachers detailed answer could students INC. AGENCY, conscripture as a Testament Old verbal tests or questions on long

Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 179 So. State of taining and the word God quizzes.

SPEND CHRISTMAS In reality, the Old Testament—teachings that will and can affect

in or any scripture—has little value to the lives of students for good. As

HAWAII or MEXICO us apart from how it affects our Esdras points out, students should

South America in November'lives. Old Testament people should open their mouths and drink what

TOUR PARADE ROSE drink: to gives PASADENA their them Father who and women taught as men be

Jan. 3 Dec. 26—and, mouth, I opened "Then the like my real problems much had

Individual tours and other Group—Many full to offered a cup behold, was to trying were today. They people enjoyment. for your we assist May planned like it full of something me; was and problems to these solutions find Needs. Travel your of with any you

Phone 3221205 to follow the will of the Lord. They water, but its color was like fire.

often fell short, as do we. They And I took it and drank; and when

were not perfect and should not be I had drunk it, my heart poured taught as such. Nor were they forth understanding, and wisdom

mere puppets, performing only as increased in my breast, for my

God pulled the strings. spirit retained its memory: and my

An important message of Jonah mouth was opened and was no is not that a fish can swallow a longer closed"(2 Esdras 14:37

man but that God is the God of [Apocrypha]. Italics added.)

DAY-n-NIGHT MARKERS $1.95 UP the whole world and man cannot

Mailboxes, Posts For and Lawns Lamp wording white Christmas gift! Any in beaded letters - gleams hide from him. The perfect

Rustproofblack plates satiny in headlights! frames. Superand aluminum flood about the teaching When

10 quality guaranteed Oct. 25, luxe years! Orders 10% discount! by the OCTOBER on concentrate sometimes we Price Style Nameplates Mailbox

side) one (wording.95 ark and have Standard $1 of theSMX dimensions

sides) both (wording Deluxe $2.95MX discussions on BY MARY U. LUSK drawnout long

(not shown) Deluxe with $3.95 frameMFX

all animals the not or with Deluxe and $4.95 number frame whetherNMX day, October in a blue

fittings or stakes post (Kit L) (Kit lamp order lawn To a Here of fit such into a vehicle could for mailbox Order above nameplates add today! $1.00. WeP)... fires'smoke tang In the of leaf teach reality, might size. In Satispostage. or hours postpaid C.O.D. plus ship we in 48

back.faction guaranteed wanted. Agents or money

Building, Spear that God has standards. In the way Engineering Colorado Spear 606-3 Company,

Springs, Colorado 80907. creation the of message key A

it is and is A football lifts to an arching pass, that God by was done good. Who among us cannot Or a schoolboy loiters, late

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS profit from the knowledge that God for class...

that he is the of all men and God sore in of simple treatmentAids

In red gold of maples, and sumac's the or that standards? does have other minorthroat and mouth and good? creation of man was rust,

throat irritations. the chapter 14, In Deuteronomy

HALLS REMEDY on clean and unclean animals, the Is a bit of eternity, held in trust.

Salt Lake City, Utah

892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Please try this

Allin-One tablet LYMAN'S DAILY SUPPLY your weight with

Vitamins

and Minerals M L

less Mix SURE MEAL with milk for a high- 1( than protein, delicious meal. s well balanced. SURE MEALIt'sis highnutritiouslyin proNATURAL teins and low in carbohydrates and fats,

ii with all the vitamins and minerals your body normally needs.

wives—children—teenDAI"per tablet Husbands—S< agers—expectant and lactating mothers—all find SURE MEAL good.

,00 t*i", Nothing like Lyman's Daily SURE MEAL can help you control your

Supply at anycaloric intake of food.

where near the price. SURE MEAL used properly has helped

The quality and many people to look better and feel better.

potency are both high. SURE MEAL is a quick and easily prepared meal, even for teenagers. You won't

TRY THESE TABLETS need to worry about anyone who has a

You'll be glad you did. You'll find this is SURE MEAL.

a terrific product at a most reasonable Save money with SURE MEAL. It costs less

price. You'll want more after you try them. than the ordinary meal it replaces. If you

Comparable tablets sell for 5 or 6 cents can afford to eat, you can afford SURE each. MEAL.

Our low low price for a food wonderful makes MEAL SURE S. D. tablets 100 Lyman's

it Plan; Storage family....$1.95 the should Home D. S. tablets Lyman's...$8.95 500

list. for every be on and today Send some

Postage FREE anywhere in the USA get additional information.

Don Lyman & Associates - 2431 Highland Dr., Salt Lake City, Utah - Box 6181 - Phones 4848415 - 3939598

LYMAN'S DAILY SUPPLY TABLETS Please send the following

Quan. Size Price Totals SURE MEAL

100 Tabs. $ 1.95 Quan. Size Price Totals

500 Tabs. 8.95 20 Meals $ 4.75.

1000 Tabs. 15.00 (2-500's) 40 Meals 9.00

2000 Tabs. 28.80 (4-500's) 240 Meals 45.00

Totals Please send My Name Total Check or My Address. Vanilla fj Chocolate Butterscotch Maple

Money Order Please check flavor desired

City.State..Zip.

OCTOBER 1966 893

Buffs and Rebuffs ofothershortmembersbiographicalof the sketchesCouncil onof thethe gusting tosocommendimpressedyou.me thatCertainlyI am otherwrit-

(Continued from page 858) Twelve,live in thusour heartshelping asall wellof themas ourto writerswell writtenwill andtell interestingyou in detailthe artihow

Prayers at Constitutional Convention minds. cle was. Best wishes to one of the Judith E. Carpenter world's finest magazines—both as to

The author of "Spiritual BackSalt Lake City content and to format and appearance.

ground of Americanism"(July) Lamont M. Jensen

quotes Benjamin Franklin and implies Our November anniversary issue Salt Lake City that delegates to the Constitutional will feature fullpage color photoConvention had prayer in their meetgraphs of members of the First ings. The truth is, Dr. Franklin rePresidency and Council of the Twelve File References

quested that prayers be given, but with accompanying short biographies.

others thought it too late in the conBless you! You've made a good

to begin proceedingsvention praying lead mightand that such a move the Indians youstart.haveI noticefile referencesin my latestinissuethe thatEra

believe dissensions to that I file all section.public of Since Youth

I offended read "big I was when prayer. thiswithin suggested After materials, had helps very much. in to in reference Indian the buck"an

it cleardebate, they had became why I its question "Last Word."August Masness Evynot prayers: convenhaving been The Is this origin usage. a and commontion to with no funds had which pay Western term?a preacher. a that sermon A motion Zoroaster Prudence Mix 4be preached July that and prayers

be held each morning thereafter was Brooktondale, N.Y. In the August issue, in the upper

also unsuccessful, and the matter lefthand corner of page 711, there is ended without a vote on the motion. A point well taken. Though in the a picture of a man. Please tell me

William D. Schult past "buck"has been used descripwho he is and how I might get in

Fresno, Calif. tively by some in speaking not untouch with him.

brothers, their Indian kindly of it Juana Ward best belongs to a period Calif. Montebello,November Anniversary Issue forgotten.perhaps

My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed your tribute to Joseph Fielding The Era Asks If you have reference to the artist's

Smith in the July issue. It made him model for the ancient prophet Zoroseem so much more real to those of The basic idea and the style of the aster, the artist received his idea from

us who do not know him personally. interview feature on the Granite an illustration in a national magazine.

We wondered if you would do a series Mountain Records Vault in the AuZoroaster died in the 6th century B.C.

Kawai Pianos

now available for wards and stakes throughout the Mormon Community

Kawai is a product of one of the world's largest musical manufacturers. These

quality pianos offer superior tonal qualities, brilliant resonance and excellent responsive action. The styling by old world craftsmen adds beauty Grant Butters (L) owner of South Davis Music Center, Bountiful,

to the home or church. There's a Utah and Alan Gerber, Manager, are shown with the Kawai Piano.

Kawai piano for every need—grand,

console or upright. Ideal for the home,

Ward cultural hall, chapel, junior Sunschool, relief society or other day room 0R buy, purposes. Before church you <F % PERFORMANCE Housekeeping compare Good KAWAI PIANO CORPORATION KAWAI

GUARANTEES East Fourth Street Los Angeles, Calif. 90013 515 %

Cftm REFUND *"* W

894 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA #ff'

Home of radio now has...

WINDOWS!

Every moment is a window on all Eternity."

—Thomas Wolfe.

Each hour on KSL, Charles Freed will pull back the curtain on a window that overlooks a moment of the small stretch of eternity we're given to know.

Share one minute each hour with

Charles Freed on

Broadcast House Salt Lake City, Utah home of radio

OCTOBER 1966 895 THIS YEAR SEND SEASON'S GREETINGS

How to Gain a Blessing (Continued from page 863) PHato and the brother of Jared fell down before the Lord, for he was struck with fear."(Eth. 3:4-6.)

This is the principle in action. If Catds you want the blessing, don't just in color; kneel down and pray about it. Prepare yourselves in every conceivable way you can in order to make

yourselves worthy to receive the

COLOR blessing you seek.

CARDS"Brigham Young illustrated this said, to some go "You may he when COMPLETE with ENVELOPES ails ask what here them people and them, and they say, 1 don't know

TO YOU but we've got a dreadful distress in the stomach and in the back and 50, with envelopes... $ we feel all out of order and we

wish you would lay your hands on 100, with envelopes..$ 19 us.'"He said to these people,

SEND YOUR FAVORITE KODA- "Have you used any of the remeCOLOR NEGATIVE dies?"—meaning herbs or whatever

WITH ORDER - the pioneers had. "No,"they said,

"we wish the elders to lay hands

BLACK & WHITE upon us; we have faith that we

PHOTO CARDS:* shouldYoung said,be "Now,healed."that isPresidentvery in25, with envelopes....$1.50 consistent according to my faith.

50, with envelopes... 2.75 If we are sick and ask the Lord to

100, with envelopes.. 5.00 heal us and to do all for us that is

The warmest and most personal necessary, according to my underChristmas greetings of all—your standing of the gospel of salvation,

favorite picture of your family I might as well ask the Lord to together—in gorgeous color, or cause my wheat and corn to grow

attractive black and white, and without my plowing the ground

It appears seed. the casting and

It is sugis so low! cost the every to to apply consistent me

promptly order you that gested the within that comes remedy—no guarantee of delivery can range of my knowledge and then

be made on orders received after ask my Father in Heaven in the

ILLUSTRATED NEW "SLIM LINE"CARD, ACTUAL December 1. Sorry, no imprintname of Jesus Christ to sanctify

SIZE, 3!/2 "x 7"- SAT/SFACT/ON GUARANTEED ing at these special prices. that application to the healing of

PRINT PLEASE body. my Utah Lake City, PLEASE FIND ENCLOSED: %SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115, Dept. AA, Salt "suppose he continued, "But,"we

CARDS I mountains traveling in the, CHRISTMAS for. were

NAME I in the all shape get could and we i ENCLOSED NEGATIVE K0DAC0L0R COLOR venison a little of nourishment was ADDRESS

, ENCLOSED WHITE NEGATIVE BLACK & sick taken or were two one and

CITY STATE Residents of Utah add 3";% State Sales Tax, without anything in the world in

the shape of healing medicine within our reach, what should we

to heal the sick. This is w BURNED OUT ti thenaskan angelthedo?LordAccordingGod Almightyto myto faith,send

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY ourWhenprivilege."we are so situated that we

cannot get anything to help our-

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, selves, then we may call upon the with tremendous added expense before you find Lord and his servants who can do another. all. But it is our duty to do what

Let us explain your need for ample insurance we can within our own power.

principle. is a tremendous That

people to teach young order to cover today's higher values. In

how to approach the Lord and how receive what the UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY to prepare to

HEBER J. GRANT & GO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

896 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Domeliners are for the young at heart

You'll oh and ah over exciting dome car views of the scenery. You'll have fun

sharing the delights of the western wonderlands with friendly folk in congenial lounges and over leisurely enjoyed meals. And it will do that adventuring heart good to

discover how relaxing travel by Domeliner can be, with no highway hazards, no weather worries, while you watch the world go by from the most comfortable, carefree accommodations ever designed. It'll do your budget good, too. Especially with

our moneysaving family fares for husband and wife, as well as family with youngsters, good Coach or Pullman and every day!

Call us, or come on in—let us tell you more

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

DOMEUNERS: City of Los Angeles,""The Challenger,""City of San Francisco,""City of Portland,""City of Denver,""City of St. Louis"

OCTOBER 1966 897 University of Utah Salt LjtKB CITY, Utah 84112 Lord has promised for those who

COLLEGE OF FINK ARTS are faithful, we must teach them

DEPARTMENT OJ MUSIC these fundamental steps. After

Moroni had read this great experiWilliam Knabe and Company ence of the brother of Jared, he

East Rochester, New York added, "... wherefore, dispute not

because ye see not, for ye receive

Gentlemen: no witness until after the trial of

I am very pleased with my Knabe. your faith."(Eth. 12:6.)

Its action is superb. The grandson of Lehi illustrates

Its unique structural features give it a rich this principle also. Enos went out

resonant tone.?rom and the deep eloquent baas in the mountains to pray and to ask to the transparent the treble is somewhat sound

akin to that of the stringed instruments made by forgiveness for his sins. He closed the Cremona masters.

Because of its responsive action and its vibrant, his brief record about this experivaried tonal quality the Knabe is an Ideal instrufor ment playing accompaniments, chamber music and ence by saying, "And my soul the solo literature. hungered; and I kneeled down

Very truly yours, before my Maker, and I cried unto him in mighty prayer and supplication for mine own soul; and all the

cATry/Jfafc—* day long did I cry unto him; yea,

and when the night came I did Leroy Robertson, Department of Music Chairman still raise my voice high that it

University of Utah reached the heavens."(Enos 4.)

I once read that scripture to a woman who laughed and said, "Imagine anybody praying all night and all day."I replied, "My

dear sister, I hope you never have I'm very pleased with to come to a time where you have.** a problem so great that you have

.. to so humble yourself. I have; I my Knabe

have prayed all day and all night

So writes Leroy Robertson of the University ot Utah. Knabe and all the next day and all the

grands and consoles are found wherever fine pianos are renext night, not always on my knees quired. In Utah's Brigham Young University. At New York's but praying constantly for a blessmost."ing that I needed itMetropolitan Opera Official has long where been Piano.

"... while I was continued, EnosWrite colorful send you a catalog of us. We will and the name

your nearest Knabe deafer. thus struggling in the spirit, behold, the voice of the Lord came

into my mind again saying: I will

visit thy brethren according to their diligence in keeping my commandments...."(Enos 10.)

This is our theme. The Lord will

bless us to the degree to which we keep his commandments. Nephi

put this principle in a tremendous orbit when he said, "For we labor

Signature of Quality Pianos children, and also our brethren, to A East Rochester, N.Y. diligently to write, to persuade our

believe in Christ, and to be reconciled to God; for we know that it

is by grace that we are saved, after all we can do."(2 Ne. 25:23.) The

Use this coupon to RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION Savior'ssave us, blood,but onlyhis atonement,after we havewill

Please enter a -year If gift, also give name and address done all we can to save ourselves subscription to of donor. by keeping his commandments.

The Improvement Era for Give credit for this subscription to In The Sound of Music is a charming song that says, "A bell is

Name Ward or no bell till you ring it; A song is no Branch

Address. song till you sing it; Love wasn't

Stake or put in your hearts there to stayCity Mission Love isn't love till you give it

State-.ZipIyear &* years r years away."

$3.00 $5.75! $8.25 Let's expand that theme. A A

This is a renewal a gift Add $2.50 for each additional year friend is no friend until you defend

or ORDER THE ERA FOR A FRIEND 898 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

-Mm him. Tithing is not a principle of

truth to you unless you pay tithing.

The Word of Wisdom is a truth to ffflffffflSg only live it. Templeyou if you

is meaninglessmarriage to you fullyROYALreconditioned:w/palm tabulator,$119.50 Port,OLYMPIAw/caseLongnew:Carriage$149.50 automatic.UNDERWOOD,Special:completely$89.50

unless you are married in the temple. Faith is not in evidence in

you until it compels you to action.

All of the principles of the gospel are principles of promise by which the plans of the Almighty are unfolded to you.

. This is one of the most profound REMINGTON Super, w/ features ROYAL KMG only 4 models I.B.M. only one model

MIA themes that could possibly found on $270.00 mach.: $89.50 from being new: $99.50 from being new: $279.00

have been chosen. It is important

for us to understand its teachings and to teach them to our children. aw

For the truth of this and for the power of this great theme I bear you my humble witness: I know it

is true, that "there is a law, irre-..jf minimi—iKw in before decreed heavenvocably mm

or 215, SMITHCORONA SMITHCORONA almost new, REMINGTON KMC this of world,the foundations Priced: $202.00all and it's new: upon (saveSMITHCORONA, $139.00 $120.00) rugged: $59.50 electric, and full featured

which all blessings are predicated—and when we obtain any blessing

it isfrom by obedience God, to Over 200 it is prediwhichthat law upon cated."Long Carriage

Genealogical Typewriters to select from

LEAVES ELECTRICS STANDARDS PORTABLES NEW AND USED

BY LUCILLE CH1DDIX Drop in and browse... We're limited for space

selecour wide through... or show we could

all reof tion models, new more you manyI like leaves the of spring with conditioned new including *59 50 machines, guarantees—machine... $39 50 the tiny buds unfurlwhen portables new from

... fromlike flags, green

celebrating the end of winter.

I like the broad, green leaves of Mail summerand the cool, deep shade they cast SCHREYEKS ordersfor man and bird and beast. TYPE RIGHTjSTORES promptly

YOUR OtymfUa DEALER filled.

like fallI the leaves of 28 West First South 3289726 they brown and Downtown turn red andwhen yellow Cottonwood Mall 2784453 and when they begin to come lazily floating down.

.. a Have Seat

seat in theI like them when they chase one Each lower upper and another auditoriums of the Temple Square wildly like children, Visitors Center is a triumph of hopping hedges and hiding design and craftsmanship. Seatunder rose and lilac bushes. ing was manufactured by Irwin,

and supplied by Fetzer's.

I like the leaves when all are in brown heaps on the ground Irwin quality is attested to by and they swish against our shoes the 10,197 seats that have not when we walk. used one spare part in 39 years

of service at Detroit's Olympia

...But the trees without their leaves Stadium

look so bare and cold and shivery. Call Claude Williamson 4846103

FETZER'S SALT LAKE CABINET & FIXTURE CO.

1436 South West Temple / Salt Lake City, Utah

OCTOBER 1966 899 m

From our complete selection The Stone Box of L.D.S. Church books and supplies, (Continued from page 878)

have been reported, one as large

TAKE HEED TO YOURSELVES! as 2'x 1'x W inscribed with hieroGospel Discourses of glyphs and a smaller one made of

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH lava stone. Some experts believe

that cremation may have been practiced and that these boxes $4.95 were used not only to hold the

remains of the dead but also to

President Smith speaks on vital, timely preserve some of their valuable subjects to give LatterDay Saints better worldly possessions.

of understanding their responsibilities as While the writer was in Merida,

Church. members of the

visiting the ruins of Chichen Itza,

FOURTH FLOOR BOOKS he photographed a stone box, the

Mail orders filled, write to Auerbach's, base of which is carved out of one

City, Box Salt 1465, Lake Utah 84110. another. the of stone piece and

for first Add postage book, each 150 50 2'x 2'x It has approximately a 2Wlid additional, plus in sales tax Utah. VA%

in- 2'x exterior x a and \W 1W

Phone for delivery in our wide delivery area: dial 3281188 in Salt Lake City terior. The lid is rounded on the

area, 8251607 in Ogden area, 3742780 in Provo area, Zenith 737 outlying top, identical to the description of w areas. Delivery north to Tremonton and Richmond, south to Payson and Provo, the stone box that Oliver Cowdery

east to Heber and Midway, west to Grantsville and Tooele, all points in between. described as the vessel for the

Allow 4 days for delivery, there is a 5O0 charge on any C.O.D. delivery. golden plates of the Book of

Mormon.

Another stone box was found inside the Temple of Kulkulcan on the site of Chichen Itza, Mexico.

The attendant at this tourist attracSTATE AND BROADWAY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 841 lO tion stated that when this box was uncovered, numerous masonry tools were found inside. Some experts

believe that these tools were used in the construction of this famed

Preserve the Inspiration of pyramid.

Thus, the account of Joseph Smith concerning the plates in a stone box is only one of many exThe Improvement Era ternal evidences supporting the

In Beautifully Bound Volumes story of the Book of Mormon. It

is interesting to note that during the past few years more evidence

The Mountain West's finest bindery and of this type has been uncovered printing house is prepared to bind your than during the previous fifty collected Improvement Era's into fine years. Each new discovery only

hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the adds to the growing archaeological

editions you wish bound to the Deseret evidences that parallel the story as

News Press. told by the Book of Mormon.

12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

payment must accompany all orders

Please include postage if volumes are THE VICTORY to be returned by mail.

BY GLADYS HESSER BURNHAM POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Zone 5 1.07 A roast welldone,

1 &2 68 6 1.28 A steaming pie

3 75 7.4 1.50 With crust all flaky thin,

4 88 8 1.73 A cake so high,

rich, cookies N Or in the bin, Reposing Can hold a spouse Or truant teen When nothing else will win.

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah

9 00 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Queen Elizabeth. Queen Mary.

World's largest superliners. Each over 80,000 tons of fun on the

move to Europe... more bigness to fill your life aboard with more luxury.

Begin your vacation with a vacation. International gourmet cuisine,big British service that bolsters your ego, a 5-day house party unrivaled by

any resort. Your fare buys it all. Don't just sit there. Make the big move.

Wednesday Any

See your travel agent or Cunard.CUNARDAll Cunard liners QUEENSare of British Registry.

OCTOBER 1966 901move Fathers walk with their sons in printed page. Somehow, to many

the practice of priesthood responsiof us who are older, it was more bility. They are also alert to the satisfying to live the event in our

assignments of the bishop to their sons, imaginations.

encouraging them in the completion of A father can use the printed page as a each assignment. They are equally alert to the powerful help in the growth of his sons and

needs of their daughters in fulfilling their church daughters by choosing suitable books at the proper responsibilities. Children learn by doing; faith is times in their lives. Budding adolescence is the time

built by practice in the things that build faith. These to give youth high purpose. Men and women who act

are all necessary to the happy and successful upon a high plane of conduct can be strong examples to bringing of children. growing boys and girls. And youth who read of

Fathers and mothers are less alert today to one greatness are whetted to imitate the virtues their phase of a child's development than they were forty heroes exhibit.

years ago because of the changes in living conditions. No boy should grow up not knowing of men "who

In that day if a child could be interested in a book, did great things, not knowing they were great."

he kept himself busy with a minimum of parental Fathers will build another bond between themselves participation. Books were supplied, and children and their sons if they put in the hands of their boys

read them. Today it is easier to turn on television, gripping, exciting tales of adventures of men who do

where stories are acted out and where the eye sees great things.

and the ear hears. Motion brings things to life. It What virtues do we holders of the priesthood want

requires less effort for the brain to grasp the detail to excite in our boys: tenacity of purpose? heroism in

of an attack by Indians on the fort as shown on a its performance? Then we might place in their hands

screen than it does to imagine the event from a the story of Charles A. Lindbergh and his lonely

the Lives of From

/ W.?,. "\m

*sl

. -*ij$.r\:,-jmam., fflmKw; '*l';:: -'f?\ "

mi

>-aa&*gjt

..

Wa solo flight from New York to Paris. Is there in it a lory's heroic struggle to within 800 feet of the top

lesson for your boy? of Mt. Everest, forty or so years ago, before modern

Another man, Robert Manry, sailed a 13%-foot science produced oxygen in portable form? He might

boat across the Atlantic two summers ago. He said learn from that story a valuable lesson in perseverance.

that at one point, when he was nearly ready to give Or has he read how Robert Falcon Scott, beaten for up, he found a note from his wife that she had put in months by unexpected blizzards, made it to the South a notebook. It read: "Charles A. Lindbergh, flying Pole only to find that Roald Amundsen had already

the Atlantic alone, came to the point where he could been there? Scott and his associates died on the

go no farther. He was exhausted. His hands were return trip home in their heroic effort against time,

so tired they refused to obey his mind. Then he made strength, and the elements. Your boy might profit

this simple prayer: 'God give me strength.'From that from Scott's last words—the last word trailing off as

moment, he declares, he sensed a third part of himhis hand failed in his attempt to write: "For God's

self, 'an element of spirit,'which took control of both sake take care of my wife and children."

mind and body, 'guarding them as a wise father Another book tells the story of Enos A. Mills, Cologuards his children.'"rado nature guide, who rode a snow avalanche and

Perhaps this book might fortify your boy someday lived. Snowblinded, he found his way for six miles

when he needs to be reminded that great men pray from the continental divide to a cabin in the canyon for help. The story of Robert Manry's crossing the below. How he accomplished this feat is a marvelous

Atlantic in a small boat is also one of the great advenrevelation on man's instinct and determination.

ture stories of our times. His book, Tinkerbelle, We could go on. Fathers, preside over your famishould be read by every boy of teacher and priest age. lies, but let great books of men's and women's

There are other books about great men and great accomplishments stir your boys and girls. No teledeeds. Has your boy ever read the account of Maivision can do it, but books can.

Great Men

g00d book, ess TV

C nil * I Ik; Itom<Iiih|

Dean J. Rogers,

bishop of the Logan (Utah) 15th Ward, has been a priests adviser, Sunday School superintendent, explorer leader, scoutmaster, and bishop's counselor.

It Seemed Impossible—But Help Came

Recently our ward was assigned the sugar beet crop on the stake welfare farm. All summer we

watered, weeded, and cared for the beets.

But the day we had planned to harvest brought rain and snow. Trucks mired in the mud, and

beet topper equipment could not move. Harvesting

the beets looked like an impossible task.

We decided to harvest them by hand, and despite the cold, snowy weather, many ward members turned out. Horses were used to lift

the beets, cleated tractors pulled our trucks, and we went to work. But the work was slow,

and despite our efforts, it was clear that we were not going to complete the task.

We made it a matter of prayer and asked for divine help. Somehow, members of Delta Phi

Kappa, returnedmissionary fraternity at Utah

State University, heard of our difficulty. Soon

46 fraternity members poured out on the field, some with bare hands and in tennis shoes.

Despite the snow, frozen ground and beets, mud, and bitter cold weather, the cheerful banter of the returnedmissionary group made the work enjoyable. In two days the harvest was completed.

The unselfish spirit of the fraternity members, coupled with the Lord's blessing in helping us with our task, is a testimony of the Lord's concern with the welfare program. D.J.R.

904 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ltislio|ri<:'.s IVmjo

Charles Golden Schiess, i Brian Neville King, bishop of the Santa bishop of the Manchester

Monica (California) 2nd (England) Ward, has been

Ward, has been a bishop's ward and stake Sunday

Nit counselor, ward MIA School superintendent,: superintendent, and stake missionary, branch

counselor in the president's and bishop's elders quorum. counselor, and high councilor.

A Faithful Counselor Earns His Ph.D. What a Good Wife Means to a Bishop

When I was first called to serve as bishop, Tonight my wife is at the hospital awaiting the

I selected two very fine young men as counselors. birth of our sixth child. Our children are

One of them was about 30 years old, had been asleep in bed, and the late hour precludes my in the service, and was father of five children. doing more work attendant to my calling as bishop.

He desired a good education and had already As I sit here alone—my house empty of the

I realize what a acquired a master's degree before coming beautiful presence of my wife—

to UCLA to work on his Ph.D. great blessing a good wife is to a man.

Of all the men in our ward, he probably had During my various church callings and activities, less time to be a bishop's counselor, but he my wife has been the one who has carried the accepted, knowing that his study time would burden of extra household and family duties.

be in the small hours of the morning. During She has tended the children while I was helping

the next two years his schedule was an impossible with the new church building. And she has

one. His assignment entailed supervision of written much of the correspondence and sent

the Primary and MIA, and he cared for them encouragement to the Sunday School officers meticulously. Meanwhile, our ward and stake under my charge. It is my wife who normally

were involved in a building program, and he encourages me at this hour, and it is she who and his eldest son were at the building site as shares equal concern and love for all the often as anyone. His wife was a den mother and members of our ward.

worked in the Primary. When men of the priesthood are called to serve,

When the time arrived for the oral tests for it is their wives who determine their degree of his Ph.D., he asked me for a blessing. He was success. And yet, the more we give of

to take the tests on a Monday. On Sunday, the our precious hours to our fellowmen, the greater

day before his tests, he, his wife, and his is the love that develops within our marriage children fasted and prayed. They gathered that and family, because we see one another

evening in the bishop's office. When we in an unselfish light. Our love is returned tenfold.

finished giving the blessing, we all had tears I am sure these sentiments are not mine in our eyes. alone. How many others this night

He was promised that the Lord would help him are also thankful for the greatest inspiration in recall all that was necessary for his tests anyone's life—their marriage partner? B.N.K.

and that he would successfully complete his

Ph.D. requirements. Through the faith of

his family, his bishop, and himself, he knew

It has that he would succeed—and he did.

been a memorable testimony to show how the

Lord blesses those who are faithful. C.G.S.

OCTOBER 1966 905 "Y'know, if it wasn't for the juice from the can and conveg'tables, me an you could be dense it by boiling; then add the

good friends."Dennis the Menace, vegetable and heat just to boiling.

with arms folded, said these words Frozen vegetables are best if you as he looked up at his mother. reduce the amount of liquid called

How many of our children have for and also the length of cooking had the same thoughts? Yet vegetime.

tables are friends to all of us, and You, as the cook, can be good the tall wall built between mother friends with your family if you and child by insistence on eating subtly season, quickly cook, and vegetables can be laid low by attractively serve the bounties of proper preparation and serving of the garden.

these vitamin carriers.

Often vegetables are unappetizVegetable Varieties ing because they are overcooked and drowned in quarts of water; 1. Vegetables need not be "plain

they are soggy, colorless, and Janes"—the corn, pea, and bean

tasteless. A good cook can make cooked in salted water variety. Be

any vegetable a favorite. Get acdaring; introduce your family to are

quainted with the endless variety the unusual—herbbaked summer

of vegetables that range through squash, pumpkin squash with sour the alphabet from asparagus to cream, artichokes, zucchini withzucchini. Know just how to season vitamins carrots, seasoned with thyme and

each one with spices, herbs, butter. This list could go on and

bouillons, sauces, lemon juice, and TODAYS FAMILY on; use your imagination.

butter. You can turn your family FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR 2. Try adding salt, salad oil,

into vegetable lovers if you cook lemon juice, and a clove of garlic vegetables to the crisptender stage as you boil artichokes.

and take care to balance color, 3. Serve "nibble vitamins"often

texture, and strong and mild—crisp celery trees, carrot curls,

flavors. The comeand-eatme look radish roses, cauliflowerets, tender

of vegetables is enhanced by the young peas in pods, and fresh way color, flavor, and texture are green string beans. Who would

combined. choose plain starch and fat to eat

Vegetables bring the outof-doors when a feast can be served direct into the dining room and roses into from the garden to the table?

young cheeks. They are the best 4. Add caraway seeds and a

vitamin source with no extra little vinegar to cooked red cabcharge. Why buy vitamin supplebage. Second helpings will follow.

ments for your normal, healthy 5. Add sour cream to cooked

family when the gardens are full baby limas and taste with zest.

of them? Capture all the goodness 6. Asparagus and Pea Casserole.

of vegetables by cooking them in Place cooked asparagus and peas very little water for just a short in layers in a casserole topped with time. the following sauce and garnished

Be an artist and paint a picture with buttered crumbs. Sauce: 2

on your table with scarlet tomatoes, cups juice from the cooked vegeruby-red cabbage, orange pimentos tables, 2 tablespoons each of butter and carrots, and emerald peppers, and flour, 1 cup grated Parmesan cucumbers, and peas. The variety cheese, 3 eggs beaten separately.

of vegetables is endless any season Melt the butter; add the flour, and

of the year. slowly add the vegetable juice. Let

Freshfrom-thegarden vegetables thicken and then add the beaten are best, but do not belittle the egg yolks to the sauce. Fold in the

canned and frozen varieties. beaten egg whites. Bake at 350

Canned vegetables are. delicious. degrees F. until bubbly and brown

To retain their nutriments, drain on top.

906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 7. Carrots are not bland if you

grate them and simmer in a small amount of water to which is added salad oil (1 tablespoon), garlic salt, and pepper to taste.

8. For something extra, cook

together carrots and celery (both cut on the bias), season with salt, pepper, a dash of sugar, and melted butter. Garnish with minced

chives. 9. Try grating beets before

cooking them; season well with

salt, pepper, a dash of sugar, and a little lemon juice.

10. Autumn Beans. 2 cups dried

kidney beans; Vs pound salt pork,

chopped; Vi cup salad oil; % cup

chopped onion; 1 clove garlic,

finely chopped; 1 tablespoon dark

corn syrup; 1 large can tomatoes,

undrained; 1 teaspoon dry mustard; 1 teaspoon chili powder; salt

to taste; 2 tablespoons vinegar.

Cover beans with water and let stand overnight in refrigerator.

Next day drain the beans and put into a large kettle. Add salt pork

and cover with cold water. Cover

the pan and simmer until beans are just tender. Drain. Cook the

garlic and onion in the salad oil until tender; add to the beans

along with all the other ingredients and 1 cup of the bean juice. Bake

uncovered about 1 hour at 350 degrees F.

11. Saturday Night Beans are

navy beans and chicken covered with water and seasoned with bay leaf, salt, pepper, and chopped onion, simmered until beans and chicken are tender. Serve in large

bowls with crusty French bread.

12. Such vegetables as asparagus, carrots, green beans, celery

are all more attractive cut on the diagonal. 13. Green beans are made

flavorful with a dash of cloves and nutmeg, or with parsley and chopped green onions, or with chopped green onion, green peppers, minced parsley and seasoned with marjoram and rosemary.

14. Fall Succotash: 5 slices bacon, chopped; 1 large onion,

OCTOBER 1966 907 IS YOUR FOOD STORAGE PROGRAM chopped; 1 green pepper, seeded the water for cooking peas and

ECONOMICALLY SOUND? and finely chopped; 3 cups peeled, note the delicious difference.

seeded pumpkin, cut in Vz inch 20. To make a tempting cassecubes; 1 large can tomatoes; 1 cup role, add shredded cooked carrots

uncooked sliced green beans; 1 to cooked rice and season with

package frozen whole kernel corn; onion, salt, pepper, and grated

IV2 teaspoons salt; V2 teaspoon garlic American cheese. Add a beaten

salt; xk teaspoon pepper. Fry the egg to hold all together and place

bacon until crisp; drain and return in a buttered casserole. Top with

Vi cup of the fat to the frying pan. more grated cheese. Bake about

Add the onion, green pepper, and 30 minutes in a 350 degree F. oven.

pumpkin; cook, stirring occasion21. Zucchini and Lima Beans go

ally, for about 5 minutes. Add the together and add something to

other ingredients; cover; simmer each other. To make a delicious

until the pumpkin is tender. Sprindish, add 1 package of cooked

kle the bacon on top when serving. frozen small limas to 4 thinly sliced

15. Avocados add much to a zucchini; 1 can sliced mushrooms,

casserole. Just halve and peel and drained; 1 can mushroom soup;

place cutside up in a casserole. minced onion; salt; pepper;

Cover with heated chili beans or chopped parsley. Put in covered Wheat is the heart of any food storage program, keep your wheat supply creamed tuna or creamed corn and casserole and bake for 30 minutes.

on a regular basis turnover rather hardcooked eggs. Cover with butSprinkle with sliced almonds and

risk spoilage. than food your Make

storage program a practical program. tered cracker crumbs and leave in butter and put back in the oven

a 300 degree F. oven until bubbly uncovered until bubbly and golden AND SURPRISE!

That wheat you have stored in your and brown. brown.

basement makes the most delicious 16. You can do almost anything 22. Vegetables can be disguised

bread goods. other baked and Now with a tomato—slice it—peel itin many ways. Try serving Corn can convert you your stored wheat

into wholesome natural flour at your stew it—bake it—juice it—jam it. Fritters for lunch. They're good

convenience by using the superb All17. Beans come in all colors, served with large, sliced beefsteak Mill. Grain Flour

sizes, shapes, and textures. It is tomatoes. Chop IV2 cups drained

A MODERN ADAPTATION interesting and delicious to use whole kernel canned corn and add

Theis a AllGrain Mill modern elecfour or five varieties together for a 1 cup flour, 1 teaspoon baking old tric refinement of the fashioned, twostone flour mill that preserves vegetable dish or salad. One of my powder, 1 teaspoon salt, and a dash

nature's marvelous nutrition and flafavorites is Twin Pickles: Use 1 of pepper. Beat 2 eggs separately.

vor with exceptional economy.

large can yellow wax beans and 6 Fold the yolks into the batter; then

flavor, Start to enjoy top now good medium carrots. Scrape and cut gently fold in the egg whites. Fry available Mills health economy. and

in two sizes. All mills guaranteed for the carrots in 2-inch lengths. Comtablespoonfuls of the batter in salad

one year. Terms available. bine IV2 cups sugar, IV2 cups oil, turning to brown on both sides.

For full information, write: vinegar, 2 tablespoons prepared 23. When you cream onions,

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL mustard, 1 teaspoon mustard seed, add mushrooms and season with

Dept. E, P.O. Box 168 2 sticks cinnamon, 3 whole cloves, nutmeg and thyme. For that extra

Brigham City, Utah 84302 V2 teaspoon instant minced onion. something, sprinkle with toasted,

Simmer 5 minutes, strain, and add slivered almonds.

the beans and cooked carrots. 24. Green beans are good with

Cover and refrigerate overnight. drained, sliced water chestnuts.

Serve as a salad drained on crisp Add butter and salt and pepper to greens or as a relish for meat. season.

JEWELRY CO. 18. Try baking your frozen peas. 25. When I was young, all of

42 WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 Place 2 packages of frozen peas in our vegetables were served in what

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH a buttered casserole with one can we called milk gravy. Now we call

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER thinly sliced water chestnuts, this cream sauce. It sounds more

drained. Season with salt, pepper, appetizing, doesn't it? Next time

and butter. Cover and bake at 350 you serve Spinach, serve it creamed

to assure speedy delivery of your degrees F. for half an hour or until with chopped egg. Cook 2 packpeas are just tender. ages frozen spinach in unsalted

19. Add a dash of rosemary to water just until tender; drain. Stir USE YOUR

CORRECT ZIPCODE & 908 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in 1 can condensed cream of of sweet, mildflavored lettuce.

chicken soup and 2 hardcooked Wash it well and shake most of the eggs, chopped. Heat. Thin to dewater off. Coarsely chop the letsired consistency with a little milk. tuce and measure. Each serving

Season to taste with salt and pepwill take IV2 cups. For 6 cups of

per and a dash of paprika. This lettuce, melt 2 tablespoons butter;

amount will make 6 good servings. add the greens to the melted but27. Have you tried. cooking ter. Stir well and cover the pan.

zucchini in tomato juice? It's good. Stir occasionally until the greens

It is also something special cooked are wilted—it only takes one or two

in chili sauce, especially if you are minutes. Salt and pepper the letcareful not to overcook the zuctuce to taste and serve immediately.

chini. 32. Cabbage that even a cab28. To cook frozen corn, use bagehater will like: For 3 servings

milk instead of water. Also add a shred 2 cups of cabbage; put into

dash of sugar—it seems to bring out top part of double boiler with %

the flavor. This is true of almost cups rich milk, 2 tablespoons butevery vegetable, but remember to ter, and salt and pepper to taste.

add only a tiny sprinkle of sugar. Cook over boiling water, covered,

29. Onehalf teaspoon of curry for about 20 minutes.

added to a combination of whole 33. Add cumin to bean soup or,

kernel corn and peas brings out the for that matter, to most navy and best in each. chili bean dishes. It adds a mys30. Eggplant is seldom used, terious something you will like.

but so much can be done with it. 34. Chives, like onions, can be Looking for a mealtime

When I was young, Mother used added to improve most vegetables. drink without stimulants?

to make a delicious fall lunch with 35. Caraway seeds added to

sauteed eggplant, sliced tomatoes, new potatoes make them special. Enjoy

corn on the cob, and hot crisp To 2 pounds of new potatoes homemade grease cakes (fried (cooked), add % cup cream, % bread dough). This was eating to teaspoon white pepper, 2 tablebe long remembered. To saute spoons butter, Vz teaspoon salt, and

eggplant: Peel and slice to V4inch 1 tablespoon caraway seeds. You

slices intothickness. the 2 will Dip love this zippedup homespun POSTUM It's 100% caffeinfree.

dish. eggs withslightly beaten 2 mixed

tablespoons flour that's been sea36. Broccoli takes lemon juice—

soned with salt, pepper, and 1 tablespoon to the frozen package.

paprika. Saute in a heavy skillet After it is cooked tendercrisp, garin butter or bacon drippings. nish it with grated lemon peel and

-.Instant* 31. Lettuce is a delicacy when slivered almonds. Brussel sprouts

sprinkled butterwith are goodbuttersteamed. Choose any variety "tuPOSTUMBEVERAGE toasted crumbs, walnuts, chopped

and sharp grated cheese.

These three dozen suggestions PACIFIC SUNSET are just a beginning of what can BY MAUD MERO DOOLITTLE be done with vegetables. Live

When day adventurously and try your hand at all with concocting new vegetable dishes. What's in it then? Just toasted grains hours her sunlit

spent Experiment with herbs and spices and other purefood ingredients.

must welcome dusk and combining different vegeWhat'sittaste like? Likenothingelse

at oceans edge tables. You may not become the on your grocer's shelf. Slowroasted

and rest, worldrenowned author of a book to flavor perfection in brick ovens, a distant splendor—on vegetable cookery, but you may Postum has a flavor all its

colorfully blent—own. a star at your become own table, leave may or mealtime Good at family your and you and and Up the journey s ending Or anytime. when you richly blest. vegetables will be friends forever.

have friends in. Why not GENERALKITCHENSFOODS

find out foryourself soon?

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corp.

OCTOBER 1966 909.. )

Hampered by a Hemline What had gone wrong? Had the

let her Dresses down? ( Continued from page 871 magazines

as short as blue her shift appeared

Lisa didn't answer. She sat in in her favorite magazines, and that

the outer office until her mother had encouraged her to buy the came. dress. Of course, how could

"Lisa, dear,"Mother started, but magazines know about Union

Lisa interrupted. Township High School and the

"Don't say anything. I'm so rules that Mr. Barnett thought were

mad. I don't see how I'm ever so important? They were reportgoing back to class. Everyone will ing what was being done in other

laugh."places, places like New York and

"Lisa, you took a calculated risk. California.

You were brave enough to do that. So the fault was Schneider's De-

I'd say you were brave enough...."partment Store. They should have

Her class was alerted by the known that a dress that short turning doorknob. When she went wouldn't go at Union High. They

in, every eye in the room swept up were right here in the same town.

and down her changed dress. They should have asked Mr.

said, told Barnett, a if he "That Mr. and them Gregg was styles all L.D.S. include Some 50 temple

in designs rule, the white then that they and latest Lisa parchments. short about kneecap change, gave "and

napkins, albums, Matching Mormon... the dress. have sold a chance to laugh at his shouldn't other everyone

accessories. rush order service. One day

interhimself pun. Mr. Schneider

Bonita wrote her a note: "Good viewed Lisa Pringle in his office

try, anyhow. You'd think they'd on the mezzanine of the store.

want Union High girls to be sharp "My dear, I buy what I think I

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded dressers. Some people would can sell. You bought the dress.

on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) rather have rules than style, I It was a bona fide sale. You must

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 guess."have thought you could wear it."

Name Diane whispered, "If you want He looked up as someone came to

Address us to, our whole gang could come the door. "Come in, Mrs. De Angelo.

to in real short here. school have of your customers one dresses. He I

City, Zone, State - a couldn't us selling her all home."you send remember Do

"You want to bet?"Lisa whisblue mohair shift?"

pered back. Mrs. De Angelo smiled at Lisa.

Not being able to wear the dress "Yes, I remember,"she said.

to school was only part of the "You liked that dress a lot. I hope

larger issue as it began to dawn you wear it with happiness."

on Lisa. The blue mohair shift "She isn't wearing the blue dress

hung in the closet because there with happiness, Mrs. De Angelo. It

was nowhere to wear it. If she is too short for her school."

wore it to a school event, she could Mrs. De Angelo's face clouded

be sent home because kneecap with concern.

length was kneecap length, night or "A pity. You looked so beautiful

day, at Union High. Somehow it in it. But it was short. Didn't your

didn't seem to be the sort of dress mother talk to you about it?"

you could wear to church either. Lisa nodded. She was getting

Lisa would push the dress to pretty bitter about the whole deal.

the back of her closet, but she Mr. Schneider had his money;

would come home to find it out Mrs. De Angelo had her commisfront again. Mother, of course. sion; and Lisa Pringle had her

Once she even found a note pinned dress.

to it: The Basket. She had been She felt very foolish now, with

The Voice too provoked to laugh at the name no case at all.

of a Prophet andeggs thein implication—puttingone basket. She hadalldoneher der's"I justhad thoughtthat dressthattosincesell, Schnei-I could

that. it anywhere."she couldn't wear The dress for every just album new record A

..."family, Latterday Saint in honor the price "I buy of two had cost wear

of President David 0. McKay. dresses she could wear. And "What you think you can sell.

voice Prophet's Hear the with there it hung. I know. And I bought. Thank for of inspiration the home, words

the individual, spirituality, liberTo Diane and Bonita and to you, Mr. Schneider. You've been

ty, marriage, the restored gospel, almost everyone at school, Lisa was very patient."

and other topics. $3.95 postpaid something of a heroine because So it was Lisa Pringle who had

Order from Division of she had bucked the school rules. goofed. Mr. Schneider may have

Communication Services, But she didn't feel like a heroine, read the same magazines she did.

Brigham Young dress because the blue bought invested in a dress University, not with $30 He Provo, Utah 84601 sell it. could he thought wear. she couldn't had he

Also available through many local LDS book dealers.

910 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And he had sold it. To Lisa

Pringle.

She was conscious of music pounding out of the record store.

It was one of those recordings that her favorite radio station said that no Union Township High School student would be without.

And then she stopped.

Why did the station think that no Union High student would be without it?

Who says it is even a good record?

Even if it is good, do I have to buy it?

She didn't buy it. And Lisa was

thoughtful all the way home.

Was she being exploited? Surely

she and her friends, some of the best students in the school, were too smart to be exploited. The U and I Sugar factory at Lehi, Utah,where sugar was first produced in the Mountain West.

Mother knew about her visit to

Mr. Schneider.

"What were you there for, Lisa?"she insisted. A 75 year old

"I told him I thought he should find out about school rules before he sells us dresses that we can'twear. He said he buys what he sweet success story

thinks will sell. I should have told

him the past tense of buy is bitten. t was after midnight on October

He's got money, and Mrs. my De I 15, 1891, such a large crowd of her commission. hasAngelo Oh,

yes, Mrs. De Angelo thought I citizens had gathered at the factory

might find a short friend to sell that the workmen could scarcely it to. Isn't that ducky? And perform their tasks. Everyonethere's all those records. Who said

they were good? Who said..."crowded around the centrifugal as

Mother had started laughing the molasses was spun from the when Lisa had said the pasttense of buy is bitten. first clear white sugar produced in the Mountain West—

"Now, Lisa, you are beginning at Lehi, Utah. "Hurrahs"and "hosannas"filled the air

to instead think like a woman of as handfuls of the sugar were passed among the group.a child. I said you were When

being exploited, I meant that when This was the beginning of you use your very considerable what is today an $80,000,- means to buy without thinking, 000 a year western industry thatwhen you let someone else tell you what's good, what you want,, benefits the economies of Utah, what you should buy, then you're Idaho, Oregon, Washington, and a sitting duck."

"Why doesn't someone stop surrounding states where U and them?"Lisa demanded in an out- 1 Sugar is distributed. If you

tone. givesraged "Who them the live in these areas,it just makes

kids?"toright to do that

"The kids themselves. You've good sense to buy your own IJanoJ Igot money, and they want it. They homeproduced U and I Sugar, $t

use advertising to build up your desire for certain things. They the finest purest sugar madetell you that something is very anywhere. XUgah

popular with all the other kids, that you'll the out of be 'in group'* z:i Ute it. Advertising don't haveif you

gives you a chance to judge for yourself, if you don't let it control you. You are in charge of your

OCTOBER 1966 911 purse. Only you can open it and Hack buy.

If rule. "It's like that kneecap Miller stations radio that recognize you

Reports and magazines and stores are in

For All protectthe businessyourself.to sell Orto you,you youcan cango

against the rules and get taken. Good In my adult book, to be Tiad'by

advertising is pretty stupid."Sports Just knowing this now didn't

make the blue shift any more acceptable at Union High School, and it didn't give Lisa any return on that stack of old records. But

she wasn't stupid. Advertising had

got her into the mess. Let advertising get her out of it.

She chewed up a couple of pencils over her ad for the school

That's why sportsmen paper.

follow fans and sports rule; will the kneecap by "HAD

Miller daily Hack in sell once. blue mohair shift, worn the News. Deseret

From the fields, Was $30. Is $20. Caveat emptor,

streams and athletic if you're taller than 5'. Records,

teams, Hack Miller re10 for $1. L. Pringle,.Room 209."

ports the "on - thePolly Leslie was short enough action. scene"to the blue smart enough buy Hack and

Miller's report sport shift, half sold than more and Lisa is another popular feature in your her hoard of records.

"I'm going to see Mrs. De

Angelo,"she told her mother after DESERET NEWS she had collected the money from

Polly. "You want to be along when

I make like a consumer instead of a nitwit?""I wouldn't miss it,"her mother

ZCMI OGDEN said.

Mrs. De Angelo remembered

OPENS EARLY Lisa.

Downtown Cottonwood "This time I will face reality,"

Ogden IN 1967 Lisa told her. "We don't show our

knees at Union High. No matter

what Paris says, no matter what

London says, at Union High we go by what Mr. Barnett says.RIGHT NOW "Show me something that covers

have the advantage of complete department store shopping with a the kneecap but still doesn't look like yesteryear."

ZCMI OPTION CHARGE ACCOUNT Mrs. De Angelo found some

up to 6 months to pay dresses and took Lisa to a dressing room; then she must have called

prompt phone order service for Mr. Schneider, because when

convenient mail order service Lisa came out to model a dress receive catalogs and special merchandise offers for"Well,her mother,Miss Lisa,he I'mwas gladthere.you're

JUST MAIL THIS COUPON back."

"The past tense of buy is bitten,"four Lisas told him from the mirZCMI

P. O. Box 1229 rored box, "unless you learn to

Salt Lake City, Utah shop."Four Lisas posed elegantly.

"From now on, it's caveat merPlease send me application for cator."ZCMI Option Charge Account

Mr. Schneider considered all

Name. four Lisas with a fatherly smile.

"You started me thinking,"he Address. said. "I could get a lady from

CityState- Zip Code912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

New York to come to the store to give a course on buying, if youand your friends are interested. What

She'd tell you what to look for in clothes and accessories. It's a good

course. I thought if you got theword around school..."does

"Advertise? Very good."

"Yes, you advertise it for us andI'll pay you for your trouble. You've silence

got a pretty good head on you,

Lisa. If you were older, I could

use you here at the store."

All four Lisas whirled into one, bokright in front of Mr. Schneider.

"I'm getting older every day, Mr.

Schneider. I'd love to work here."Mr. Schneider chuckled. "You've ike?

got enthusiasm,"he said. "Start

with this consumer thing. I'll get

in touch with the lady and let you know when it will be. You bring Silence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constant wear

in the girls. If we work together Cordridge? of feet for years and years.

all right on that, you've got a job It absorbs floor sound and creates Bigelow has or can customcreate here in the store."an atmosphere of hushed serenity. the perfect carpet to suit every type of

Lisa's new shift met the kneecap Cordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

requirement, and she held tight tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced to its box to keep her feet on the teen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1 825.

ground on the way home. handsomely to the decor of today's

"Sometimes you grow up faster new Mormon church buildings.

in a few days than you do in Its 100% Bigelow Approved conyears, don't you? I should have tinuous filament nylon pile is dense andknown Mr. Barnett wouldn't Bigelow

change, but I never thought / would change so much."

Special Session Besses Home Teaching (Continued from page 875) the Church, regardless of age, have things to talk about regarding spiritual goals and suppression of Now, three elegantly approweaknesses. priate styles—expressly

Now, with that understanding of created for lasting beauty.

the role and mission of home Superbly finished, each deteaching to the membership of the sign is enhanced with unique

Church, why wait? Why tolerate details and refinements.

this longextended warmup period Sparkling white... wrinkle

to getting the real job done? Let resistant... drip dry.

us begin our selfimprovement projects in partnership with home teachers now! It will require a good

dose of humility, but this saintly itvirtue anyone; never hurt is Collar Polyester & Nylon Sheath.—progress tothe forerunner and P, S, M, L, XL

repentance. (Long) $14.00

Step one toward this "spiritual (MidCalf) $12.00

Classic is—Arnel Triacetate to Graceful wife andpayoff for husband

L. P, S, M,

their goalsdiscuss ambitions and (Long) $17.00

for family unity and development. (MidCalf) $15.00

Step two is to make an appointFitted Princess—Arnel Triacetate

ment with your home teacher to 10 to 18, 14Va to 221/2 enlist his help and support. (MidCalf) $15.00

One couple, having tried this approach, reports these results:

"After we talked over our hopesand ambitions for our family, sev- %

2511 So. West Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 TelenhonpTelephone At4862359

OCTOBER 1966 913 50'eral weeks went by before we that you do not call upon them fSS3ffA called our home teacher. Then one again."

''I was shattered! My wife, night I said to my wife, If you

haven't any other plans tonight, I sitting in the kitchen with me at feel we should make that visit to the moment, saw my face turn red our home teacher.'She agreed and and heard me stammer a weak

we telephoned for an appointment. reply. It further hurt me to have

"As we went into his home, he to reveal my failure to her and to seemed pensive and apprehensive seek her understanding. As a confailings, and exmissionary, an active member in FOOD STORAGE atadmittedfirst. Afterour we bared our souls, vert to the Church, a returned

pressed our needs, we asked him ward and stake activities, I was to help us achieve our family goal. just not prepared for this experiBOOKLET He then responded eagerly, saying: ence. I had always been accusGATEWAY TO swer''Youto mycameprayers,tonight thoughas an youantomedefforts. to Yetreceivinghere Ipraisewas now,for mya

SURVIVAL don'tcan't believerealize it,thisI'mis sure.happeningI reallyto failure."For weeks this experience has

fears heightened have mind. were preyed on You may my

I didn't that to your asked over to noticed IS STORAGE me.when Myyou to come come

see me tonight. But since you have home at all last month. I worried

PARTIAL TABLE OF CONTENTS been considerate enough of me to that I might somehow have failed * What Should We Stare? confide in me, let me also trust you too and said something that

* Storing to Prevent Spoilage you with my personal burdens. might have offended your children.

* Notes on Specific Foods "'I was recently asked in a letter I decided it would be best that I priesthood leader again. to give from to our not your come home * Rotate Your Perishables

last Finally, of praying had up two who I began week my families * Emergency Sanitation children, so other brethren in our that the Lord would help me.

Group Rotes Available ward would have opportunity to "'That's why I held my breath engage in home teaching. I when you said you had come to my

WALTER D. BATCHELOR thought about it for several days home tonight to help me with my

61 Beacon Avenue and then asked to be permitted to home teaching. I couldn't take

LAYTON, UTAH 84041 continue teaching them. When my any more criticism. But now I'm

priesthood leader persisted, I said so grateful you came. I wish my

that if I must give up two families, wife had been here tonight to hear the prefer to that our ones so conversation she keep could I would

I this children. share Since enjoy ofA FREE DOLLAR BOX with the was with me

in evening. and have Mutual work gaged My prayers have trulyOF CANDY interest answered.'taken always a keen in been

results youth, dramatic not Such I wanted to maintain this may this contact.WORTH $1200? always following come from

a free box of How accepting Mason Candy "'After I explained my position, recommended procedure, but if it netted Parents Mrs. Koubek's group Band

$1200 profit in just seventeen days! I was jolted to hear him reply: is approached prayerfully, only

As chairman needed band ofequipment,the drive toMrs.raiseArthurmoneyKoufor "We are taking these two families good can emerge. Truly the memof Lyons, bek

problem: how toIllinois,raise fundswas facedquickly,withwiththe away from you because the parbership of the Church could surge

out risk or investment. She found the soluents have informed us that, because toward true sainthood if all famiin tion the a Mason of the directness consultation lies turned approach of your to such free of candy. box dethe Mason representative'sWhen offerman of

it, livered he explained proMason's famous their to regarding these servants of them church with God, their tected fundraising plan.

Mason supplies your group—completely activities, their children request home teachers.

risk without of or investment choice—a

beautifully boxed, topquality CanMason dies. At no charge, each box has an attractively printed band, bearing your organization's name, picture, and slogan. Mason

even prepays shipping charges. group Your 113:5-6, nants reads: which Jesse and Root Rod of a makes PROFIT big NET on (400 of 66%%

is root the of Jesse "What every dollar spoken that box costs only you 600) (Continued page 869) from till is you and after nothing pay drive your of in verse the 10th 11th of the over. Anything reremaining unsold be can

turned for full credit! No risk, no investment future. As the "rod"or "servant in chapter?

pay—you profit! Manyonlycommunity,after you haveschoolcollectedand yourrelithe hands of Christ,"Joseph Smith "Behold, thus saith the Lord, it

gious groups raised have from $300 to fits naturally into Isaiah's prophis a descendant of Jesse, as well as in four to days. twenty $2500 you. So can

it is For details and your easy to of ecy, and understand free box of Mason rightly beJoseph, unto whom

Candy: below. fill in coupon longs Moroni explained quoted the priesthood, and why the keys and

Mrs. Pat Mason, 978, Mason, Box 549 Isaiah 11 to him. of the kingdom, for an ensign, and

| N. Y. MINEOLA, Despite this reasoning, still for gathering the we of my people in

GENTLEMEN: PLEASE ME, OBLIGASEND WITHOUT feeling that I better last the uneasy days."the j TION, INFORMATION PLAN. have ON RAISING YOUR FUND

NAME-- -AGE (if under 2l) proof of Joseph Smith's being the In order to assess this explanaORGANIZATION- "rod"should be available. I betion intelligently, let us turn to

lieve there is better proof and that Isaiah 11:10:

ADDRESS it is found in Doctrine and Cove- "And in that day there shall be

CITY

I HOW MANY MEMBERS PHONEMASON CANDIES, INC., MINEOLA, N.V..j

914 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

fjga root of Jesse, which shall stand GENEALOGY for an ensign of the people; to it

shall the Gentiles seek: and his rest worry you?

shall be glorious."

in help! Study Let BYU Home one Enroll now origicloser translation of the A

courses offered of many Rein Genealogicalnal here: given be may

II Introduction to Genealogy (2 I & it shall in search; to pass "And comethat day, that the root of Jesse, that credits each) will help you learn all about—

OF BOOK REMEMBRANCE for sig- [sign,standeth an ensign

SHEETS FAMILY GROUPnal] peoples, of the unto him shall PEDIGREE CHARTS the nations seek; and his resting FILING SYSTEMS

place [refuge, residence] shall be RESEARCH METHODS glorious."Quite obviously the "root of USE COUPON TO

Jesse"is a man, a descendant of SENDFREE FORCATALOGYOUR

Jesse and Joseph (as the Lord TODAY!

explains), who seems to have a great mission to perform in connection with gathering the remnant of Israel, as explained in Isaiah E-9-66 11:1116. I suggest that the "rod"

of verse 1 and the "root of Jesse"of verse 10 refer to the same man,

Joseph Smith. If the "rod"in D&C

113:4 is the "servant in the hands

of Christ, who is partly a descendant of Jesse as well as of Ephraim, or of the house of Joseph,"note THE MOST JOYFUL that in verse 6 he seems to be more Welcome to closely defined as a "descendant of DAY OF YOUR LIFE one of SLC's

Jesse, as well as of Joseph, unto whom rightly belongs the priestFree from finer places the thehood, keys and of kingdom, tedious detail to stay TEMPLE SQUARE ensign, gathering the and forfor an of my people in the last days."

(Italics added.) Who better fits

the description of the words in jMNMs //italics (See than Smith? Joseph

Modern Shops Dining Rooms Television *Coffee * Airand conditioned 110:1-16; 86:8-11; 27:1213;D&C

Ratti. Singles * * Doubles $6 up 00 S3 up 00

-.52 Ttlatypt collect Rttrvotiont &0I a<ptd Twin.1 -2405$1 0-00 vp the e rightly holds115:1819.) He

priesthood and its keys by lineage, and surely no one disputes the fact of "gathering of the the keysthat /mar people"conferred on him weremy

South7SWI in the Kirtland Temple,by Moses Salt lak<Ttmpl* City CLARENCE l. WEST, Managar phoneApril 3, 1836. / FREE Drive in Packing 3552961

But there are others who think Ah* In* Bofkino at any Grant Aulo Park In lawn.

differently. For example, a

thoughtful brother from the eastern by your writes:seaboard ENGLISH? SHAMED gos- "In Sunday School your

quickly you can Now overcome the embarrassment doctrine... manual, Old We provide the gracious touchpel and discouragement "The caused by

English. I. With of the C, in new charm and Method elegance... Prophets,"41,Testament page our pooryou stop can in making mistakes English, personalized assistance with your build your vocabulary, speed your up readopinion the rod. thatyou give your reception ing, arrangements. to learn speak like write and college a

to come forth from the stem of graduate. Takes only 15 minutes a day inoff in selflittle! Pays

higherJesse, mentioned in Isaiah 11:1, CRESTW00D VILLA confidence,your own home.greaterCostsrecognition,and the root of Jesse, mentioned 2 Free booklets. Send for them today!pay.

Highland Drive 6505 sure (Be include to your code.) perare Isaiah the 11:10,in same Salt Citv. Lake Don Bolander, Utah Institute Careerzip

son, believe Dept. is Joseph you 169K, whom 555 St., Lange Phone 2789291 Mundelein. III. 60060

mail Please your booklets meE. 2 FREE English. on as the give evidenceSmith. You

fact that he holds the keys of the If no answer, call 4876116 or 4858880 AddressName..

priesthood in this dispensation and City State ZiPalso the keys of gathering, as mentioned in Isaiah 11:10. to assure speedy delivery of your EL RANCHO MOTEL & CAFE

"However, if we look further, we AAA REAL GOOD FOOD AAA find that D&C 113:4 identifies the T. V. QueenPhonesSize & ExtraLongA/C BedsSwim

Highway 99 on Portland & Oakland

Yreka, California Strod as a person who is partly a USE YOUR \ Halfway1235 So.betweenMain CORRECT *p <t& Phone 916 8424412

ZIPCODE *"Lewis & Jeanne Heater, Owners

OCTOBER 1966 918

of Jesse as well as of others in the Church, was bound NOW AVAILABLE descendant

Ephraim. Jesse, of course, was the to include lines of gentile as well

son of Obed and grandson of Boaz as Israelite stock. I know of no

(partly a Canaanite through Rareputable genealogist who would WIDE MARGIN hab) and Ruth (a Moabite, declaim that all of Joseph Smith's scendant of Lot). Brigham Young, ancestors were strictly Ephraimites.

in a discourse delivered in the Third, the argument cannot beNEW TESTAMENT [old] tabernacle on April 8, 1855 proved that "and in that day shall of root there a Jesse"Discourses be 2:269), (Journal of teachmissionaries,Students, and era. refers millennial to the Us- a that Smith stated was Joseph

this will completeers welcome logic, this similar ing claim one might Pursuing Ephraimite. verpure (King Testament JamesNew referin in that the verse 11, further, find that words subject we 11"withsion) pages x on 8I/2"

is Israel, of to ring the gathering 11:6-9 discussion the Isaiah

fourinch wide margins for notes clearly of the millennium. Then also refer to the millennium, beand quotes $4.95 in verse 10 we read that 'in that cause they say, "And it shall come

day there shall be a root of Jesse. to pass in that day, that the Lord

Your library should also include—shall set his hand again the second

"It seems clear, then, that the time to recover the remnant of his

ZION IN THE LAST DAY root of Jesse cannot be Joseph people...."But the Lord began

by Roy Doxey, paper $1.25 Smith, but a future leader who has to "recover the remnant"in Joseph

the specified lineage and who will Smith's own day; the words do not

also hold the keys of the priesthood refer to the millennium alone.

CREATIVE FAMILY LIVING and of gathering, undoubtedly If one examines the phrase "and by Beverly Romney Cutler, cloth $1.50 passed down through successors of in that day"in Isaiah 11:1011 and

Joseph Smith."12:1, 4 (chapter 12 is in the context), Isaiah that that the position perceive claims he will ThisONE FOLD AND ONE SHEPHERD era of Isaiah that speaking of "rod"11:1 cannot a whole be was

by Thomas Stuart Ferguson, cloth....$3.95 Joseph Smith, because he was a would last from Joseph Smith's day

"pure"Ephraimite (i.e., all of his (the gathering of Israel in Isaiah

OLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO. blood ancestors were strictly of 11:11) until the Lord was actually

Box 6137 Ephraimite stock); hence he could in the midst of his redeemed Israel

Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 not be of mixed stock, as is the during the millennium. (Note:

person described in D&C 113:4. "Great is the Holy One of Israel in

Nor can the "root of Jesse"in the midst of thee."[Isa. 12:6.]

Isaiah 11:10 be Joseph Smith, beIsn't it more reasonable to because the subject matter just prelieve that when Moroni appeared

Visit ceding deals with the millennium, to the Prophet Joseph Smith, he the and the phrase represents a future would explain that he (Joseph)

BEAUTIFUL leader who has the specified was the "rod"(Isa. 11:1) whom

lineage mentioned in the Doctrine Isaiah saw "on whom there is laid and Covenants. much power"(D&C 113:4)—inCan this reasoning be answered? deed, that he was the "root of

Which position holds the truth? Jesse"(Isa. 11:10) unto whom

First, the latter position fails to "rightly belongs the priesthood, and give Joseph Smith the prominent the keys of the kingdom, for an role that one naturally expects ensign, and for the gathering of

Moroni to give when he appeared my people in the last days"? (D&C

HAWAII to the Prophet. 113:6.) Moroni would explain to

Second, the crux of the latter Joseph the great role he was desSAMOA argument is that Joseph Smith was tined to play in the era of gospel

TAHITI a "pure"Ephraimite and not a derestoration as a "servant in the scendant of both Jesse and Ephhands of Christ"as seen by Isaiah.

FIJI raim. Unfortunately, President There is still another problem in

Brigham Young did not give an connection with the "root of Jesse"

AUSTRALIA explanation of what he meant by in Isaiah 11:10. In Romans 15:12

NEW ZEALAND a "pure"Ephraimite; nor is there the Apostle Paul expressly quotes

any scriptural evidence, ancient or this passage from Isaiah and seems

Prepare now Joseph Smith would be descended lieve—that Christ is the "root of m modern, to support the view that to imply—as many theologians befor Fall 1967 from blood lines that were strictly Jesse."(See Rev. 5:5; 22:16.) If

of Ephraim. Not only that, but so, it would then appear that Paul

modern genealogical research contradicts the revelation in the shows the Smith ancestry traced Doctrine and Covenants that, as back through English and other we have already seen, explains

Write European stock, including English that the "root of Jesse"is "a jjgja Department of travel study kings, as far back as Charlemagne. descendant of Jesse, as well as of

Joseph Smith's ancestry, like many Joseph, unto whom rightly belongs brigham young university 202 HRCB PR0V0, UTAH 84601 916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the priesthood, land the keys of the Proven... Successful... Reassuring!

kingdom, for an ensign, and for the gathering of my people in the last days."The Lord, speaking FAMILY FOOD STORAGE PLAN

through the Prophet, does not really identify the "root of Jesse"as PermaPak 1-year plan is easy, economical!

Christ; otherwise he would have

said so, as he did regarding the Pay less than $100 per family member for a whol "stem of Jesse"of Isaiah 11:1. (See year's balanced food supply. Choose from

D&C 113:3, 4.) So we are conPerma-Pak's famous "Use Today or Store Away"

fronted with a dilemma: Does Paul dry and dehydrated foods... such as wheat, flour,

really identify the "root of Jesse"as fruits, vegetables, onions, potatoes, gelatin

Christ, thus contradicting the Docdesserts... and exciting new meat substitutes

trine and Covenants, or is there and freezedried foods... for tasty, nutritious,

some other explanation? lowcost meals.

It is well known to New TestaSEND COUPON 'Store Food Today for a Rainy Day"scholars often that Paulment DETAILS FOR FULL East 2430 South 40 PERMAPAK, little regard texts withquotes PermaPak's: Utah 84115 for Also—discover Salt Lake City,

the original context, as one may see Family Survival Food Kits Please send me, FREE, the following:

in Romans 9:11, and more espeCamping and Emergency Kits Food Storage Plan CATALOG

Electric Hand andcially 1:10, as cited Hos. 2:23 and Grain Grinders, Survival Kit and Camping

etc. Mixers, Bread 9:2526. Scholarsin even INFORMATION Romans

question to some degree Paul's inGroup Discounts/FundRaising PLANterpretations of the texts he quotes PIERiVIAPAK My Name in Romans 15:9-12, which is of 40 East 2430 South, Address

present interest to us. It appears Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 City States Zip

that the great Apostle to the Gentiles equates the "root of Jesse"(Isa. 11:10) with the Christ in

Romans 15:12. This means that

his interpretation of the "root of

Jesse"is at odds with that in D&C 113:6. But a reasonable explanation can be found. SOUTH

A careful examination of the Greek text of Romans 15:12 ithdemonstrates that Paul is closely AMERICA

Septuagint thefollowing (LXX, W. Cleon Skousen text of Isaiah 11:10Greek trans.)

rather than the Hebrew. As a

version ofmatter fact, the LXX is Feb. 7 Departure original of the paraphraseonly a

Hebrew. Moreover, it is to be

noticed that the Greek version of MURDOCH TRAVEL, INC.

Isaiah 11:1 translates the Hebrew 14 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

text, "stem of Jesse,"as the "root PLEASE SEND ME FULL PARTICULARS ON of Jesse"and uses the same phrase THE SPRING TOUR OF SOUTH AMERICA.

in Isaiah 11:10. The Greek word

riza (root) is used in both verses to translate different Hebrew words. It would not be difficult

for Paul to discern that the "root.State

of Jesse"of the LXX text of Isaiah 11:1-5 was the Christ. And when

he noticed that the phrase "rdot of

Jesse"was used again in verse 10, he would naturally assume that it, SotM Mmi-n-WALNUT HERE'S AN EASY, FAST WAY to the Christ. referencetoo, had

is that TO RAISE *40 AND MORE also a possibilityThere

Paul may never have studied the FOR YOUR CHURCH OR GROUP

raise Isaiah money can 11:1 of textoriginal Hebrew

to cost easily,Your lc quickly,group without

1 I'll adyour group—in sufficiently to determine 10 byand of gay, sendsupply DESK-n-DOOR ENGRAVED MARKERS incheery myCovers no Table all Spirit of the Gifts the of Personal Christmas Give forthe power youvance—aChristmasiron, Polyethylene. neverlaunder

table, wipes a clients, or sales to employees, friends, promotion for cloth. 10 Setsclean withfestive Have dampHolidayfacts about them known made MERRY sell only Table each members Beautiful solid factory! metals from DIRECT mounted

; $40 10keep each at $1 CHRISTMAS rate, Smith. 2".to any At 8'/j"x Joseph Your Danishoiled walnut engraved on name treasury, for send youronly me TABLE COVER proceeds. Coverscashbalance in in Brass $4.95; $5.95. Bronze $3.95; Aluminum reveal such not 15:12 doesRomans Take up of a Own Penny ofspend... Never title. for Order today any Desk $1.00 inAdd QJ Moneylrisk nothing: to try; YourCovers. I credit Table tomy60 on give daysknowledge. Satispostpaid. or hours Shipped 50,000 organizations. Door? 48 Youthan (shown) more plan, by used tested amazing:

reBusiness faction for details or your back! of address guaranteed money and name Rush # myPlan.. for group brings you which t| for quantity invited brochure quests sample, and a free to: your Write obligation. fastTODAYcash CXmp no sent r fVFREE, discounts. Engineering Spear Spear Company, 606-4

Building, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80907. ANNA WADE, Dept. 364CWY, Lynchburg, Va.

OCTOBER I960 917.

". THE SHOULD ONE MAN DIE SPOKEN *

a ARE YOU WORD IGNORANT..

MOVING? RICHARD L. EVANS

On the worth and appraisal of man and his mind, Henry Giles said:

"Man is greater than a world—than systems of worlds; there is more

To be sure you won't miss any mystery in the union of soul with the body, than in the creation of a copies of the ERA, please notify us universe."1 "Mystery,"yes. "Greatness,"yes—along with limitless potenat least days in advance. Send 30

(including ZIP tial and possibilities. On the opposite side, lest we become too selfaddressyour new

code), plus the address label from assured, too impressed with ourselves, we would cite this sentence:

your last issue (or a copy of it) "Human vanity can best be served by a reminder that, whatever his with the former address and code accomplishments, his sophistication, his artistic pretension, man owes numbers on it, to The Improvehis very existence to a sixTinch layer of top soil—and the fact that it

2 Era, South 79ment still State St., rains."that ourselves. It is apparent help need Both beyond we

City, 84111.Salt Utah Lake

citations It truth. is true these that tell the remarkable. is most man

It is true that he has eternal potentiality. It is true that what he can

achieve cannot be calculated. But it is also true that these things are

not to be handed to him without effort. And it is true that he is not

completely sufficient unto himself. There is much to help to keep him

mm am br humble. Without learning, without law, without other men, without his

I Maker, man would be lonely and lowly—if indeed he were at all—and

Los Angeles Businesses lowly he is when he becomes arrogant or indolent. Lowly he is when

he is content with ignorance, content not to search, not to seek, not to know. No man can be saved in ignorance—not saved in the sense

of the fullness of going forward. We have an obligation always to learn,

not just a little, but to learn deeply, to think, to search, to repent, to

WILLIAM H. BROWN improve, to learn everlastingly. And so in our relationship to God and

PAUL M. WEENIG the high destiny we have, we need to learn and to live, both with pride

of others, sense for respect with a with selfrespect and and humilty, COMPLETE faith to future, in the helping urgency make and with and obligation, INSURANCE the future what it can become, never expecting an effortless existence, SERVICE never being content with not knowing. "That there should one man die

CASUALTY ignorant who had capacity for knowledge,"said Carlyle, "this I call a LIFE

ACCIDENT tragedy."3

BR 2-9878 FIRE GR 6-1961 HEALTH iHenry Giles (180982), American divine.

2Author unknown. Village Station, P.O. 24216, Box 3Carlyle, Sartor Resartus, Bk. iii, ch. 4.

California Angeles, Los 90024 ORDER NOW FOR "TheBroadcastingSpoken SystemWord"Julyfrom 24,Temple1966. Square,Copyrightpresented1966. over KSL and the Columbia CHRISTMAS

We'll cover your entire gift direct list—shipped

with your own card enclosed.

IS GONE SUMMER 588 South -theamoysbestPecanyou'veFruiteverCakehe San Vincente COLES CHRISTIE LUND

Los Angeles, California 90048 BY

or October we'll! any month

pack, crate, or store for 1 The wind has seized the gold from every tree. move

you (from, or to anywhere) | The leaves lie crisp and seared upon the lawn;

Phone 3950331 Their lonely silhouettes stand stark and bare.

Licensed Insured Summer is gone.

V. Johnson, BRUIN?TAoNRA&GE Nelson Colorado 1814A Jr. The sky is pale and webbed with gauzelike clouds. Calif. Santa Monica,

The hills have lost their splendor, autumndrawn.

The wide horizon is a bruise across the blue.

UvertisinfS ubhc Ac/a/ion.s Summer is gone.

The birds peep hurriedly from tree to tree, nest; their Seeking song at dawn each empty DAVID W. EVANS & ASSOCIATES

cry. questioning to a whimpering, silenced 6026 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD LOS ANGELES 1 Is

Summer is gone.

And something in the spirit, listening, knows

Thelnternational A disconsolateness that is bleak and wan,

House of Pancakes A loneliness akin to wind and rain.

Summer is gone. Restaurants {

Check the Yellow Pages for the one nearest you

918 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your kitchen stays cleaner when youPouch and Circle of Gold companions. They told their com-

(Continued from page 881) panions, and the next day, when the entire group arrived at the (Browett had been elected captain spring, they found upon closer of this returning group. ) Others in examination arrows, broken arrows,

this first exploring company were bloodstained rocks, and evidence

Ira J. Willis, James C. Sly, Israel of a hard struggle. Near a big fir

Evans, Jacob G. Truman, Ezra tree lay Ezra Allen's gold pouch.Allen, J. R. Allred, Henderson Cox, Darkness settled in, and around ELECTRIC

Pixton. Robertand It took that campfire them the night the men is cleanerthree days to reach Iron Mountain, decided the the Nothing to open moundwhere they found the snow too next morning. To their dismay they than a kilowatt—no

thedeep to travel. They decided to found naked, mutilated bodies products of combustheir explorations,postpone of their and companions. deThe men

for the next couple of months the termined the three must have been men hunted gold and bought attacked at night, since there was wagons, supplies, and cattle. They evidence that two had slept toalso built a large corral at Pleasant gether with the third nearby. The

Valley, nine miles from presentday pouch had apparently slipped to

Placerville, where they planned to the ground unnoticed in the dark rendezvous for the trip to Salt Lake when Allen's clothes were being

Valley. taken. They reburied the bodies,

On the 24th of June three memputting a threefoot high wall bers of the first exploring company around the grave. After filling the

dirt, Daniel—Captain Browett, with stones Ezra center were put See the smart newAllen, and over the Henderson top seal to further Cox—deit from

cided to try again to find a route wild animals. Next they chopped electric range models

through the mountains. fir Their the bark from the large tree at your dealer's now.friends advised them bole against going tree of the on the and carved

in such a small group because of this memorial to their friends: If it's electric, it's better!

the Indians. They set out, each "To the memory of Darnel

having a riding animal and a pack Browett, Ezrah H. Allen, and UTAH POWER ft LIGHT COMPANY

mule, saddle, and gun. Henderson Cox, who were supAllen made a small double pouch posed to have been murdered and

for his gold dust and attached a buried by Indians on the night of BLACK & WHITE buckskin string, long enough to put 27th June, 1848."

around his neck, letting the pouch They then named the spot in insidehang his bosom Spring, a his Tragedy name it bears 8 exposure roll clothes. Saying travel they would on, FILMS continued today. The men

slowly, hunt the best way to cross arriving in Salt Lake Valley on DEVELOPED & PRINTEDthe Sierra Nevada Range, and meet September 29, 1848. IFIN JUMBO SIZE

their battalion companions again Meanwhile, Sarah Allen waited 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

somewhere in the mountains, they in Council Bluffs for the return of 36 exposures $1.50

left. her husband. The supplies she was By July 2 the main body was supposed to receive from the store COLOR FILM

ready to leave Valley. Pleasant to others, gone had times had and

inAlso included difficult for her. this group After were been two DEVELOPING

several families from disyears the Brooklyn that word came some KODACOLOR

Roll peras well as the discharged battalion battalion charged were men

Printing to 8-ExposureDev. and roll $2.55members. arrive traveled along, As they in days. that Certain a few Roll 12Exposure per

they kept a sharp lookout for their her husband would be among the Dev. and Printing $3.00 ro j|

three companions who had started first to return, she waited anxiously Color Reprints 204 each out ahead. his Since Browett footsteps. not for Finally the had men

returned, forarrive Samuel did Thompson, her and handed the 135 mm COLORColor Slides SLIDES per mer second lieutenant of Company bloodstained pouch. Her world 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll

C, was made captain in his place. crumbled quickly. All of the long- 1 35 mm Color Slides per

exp., Dev. 36 roll and Mount... $2.40 18 an of advance July ing On her, company two years engulfed and Color Movie per

fiveof sent to clear ahead she was she on. thought men could not go 25'Roll 8 mm, roll $1.35

the road. They located a rushing But she determined to follow out

spring,mountain eviwhich the original had to Zion plan—to go

recentdence of a join campfire beside and GENEALOGY PHOTOS her. preceded had friends who

it. Nearby they also saw a new After all, there was the gold dust NEGATIVES MADE of OLD

mound of dirt. While traveling in the pouch, which could outfit PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

back to the main group, they her for the journey. of NEGATIVE, 54 each

noticed an Indian who was wearSarah Allen hired a wagon made Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s

ing the vest of one of their missing and purchased another cow, supMoney-Back Guarantee

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. Utah AA Salt Lake City,

OCTOBER 1966 919 plies, and a yoke of oxen. She saved when Mr. Ricks moved his two fornia, wrote to the curator of

a small amount of the gold flakes families to Logan in the beautiful Sutter's Fort, telling him insects and had a ring made—a plain gold Cache Valley. Sarah died there were boring into the tree severely

band, which she wore the rest of June 12, 1891. Her daughter and that the glass was completely

her life. Her journal mentions Amorette Allen married Lewis steamed from a sweating action of

starting west with two children, so Ricks, second son of Joel and his the tree. He suggested the tree be

apparently two had died during first wife, Eleanor. Her son Alexcut down and taken to Sutter's

the two years their father was ander A. Allen later became a Fort for preservation. A heavy

gone. Without giving details of the bishop in Weston, Idaho. windstorm in the spring of 1930

journey, except to say the "loads Meanwhile, the stately fir kept snapped the infested tree off 15 were heavy and the progress its constant vigil over the grave. feet above the ground. Fortunately

slow,"she stated simply: "We Correspondence in the historian's the inscription, untouched, was left

arrived in Salt Lake City in good office, state of California, reveals standing.

health September 14, 1852."that for a time no one knew the On August 30, 1931, the Native

She was welcomed into the home identity of the men whose names Sons and Native Daughters of of her old friends, Joel and Eleanor were carved on the tree. Someone California from Amador County

Martin Ricks. She later became covered the inscription with a placed a bronze replica of the

his second wife, and they had six piece of glass to protect the carvoriginal inscription near the fir children. The Ricks lived in Faring from the weather. In 1929 a tree. About 300 persons attended

mington, Utah, until July 185, countv sheriff from Auburn, Calithe ceremony. The following week

the stump, which stands about six feet high, was cut down and hauled to Sutter's Fort in Sacramento. There it remained until

January 1966, when the Division "WISHING TO LEARN"permanentlyof Beaches toandtheParksmuseummovedin theit

James Marshall Gold Discovery Park at Coloma, California.

The Sacramento County Camp, RICHARD L. EVANS Daughters of Utah Pioneers, has

applied to the State of California "All persons who have thought deeply, studied earnestly... know Landmarks Commission to have

this,"said Mrs. Burton Chance. "There is a help that comes... which Tragedy Spring declared a historic

freshen[s] us, stimulatefs] us, and give[s] us insight... [but] no one landmark. A recent trip to the site

can help a [person] who thinks [he] already knows everything.... No revealed the stonecovered grave

one learns without first wishing to learn."1 This seems to be a time in a rugged, majestic forest 150

to say that wishing to learn, sincerely so, is one of the absolutely essenfeet from California State Highway tial elements of success. And when so many are making decisions as 88, just west of Carson Pass. Two

to whether to continue preparation, whether to quit, whether to drop tall trees stand at one end of the out, whether to settle for something less than the best they could be, grave, leaning over it slightly as we well would remind ourselves that the mind of man is limitless, and if to protect it. A large granite

that the greatest waste in the world is the waste of human possibilities. boulder with the small plaque of

For lack of willingness, for lack of wanting to, for lack of confidence and the Native Daughters embedded courage, for lack of adequate preparation, there is infinitely much that on it is nearby on higher ground.

is missed. And no young man or young woman should enter life Little did Sarah Fisk and Ezra

content to do less than he can do or to be less than he can be, or Allen realize on their wedding day unwilling to make the effort—mental, physical, financial, sacrificing some in 1837 that the events of their

pleasures, some pastimes, some idleness, some easy comfort and conlives would become one of the venience. No one should pass through the usual period allotted to treasured stories in California and

preparation without seeking to sharpen himself, to make himself in Utah pioneer history, that his demand. There is so much to be done everywhere in the world, so grave and that of his two commuch opportunity and opening. And since the most precious resource panions would someday be deof all is the human capacity for learning, for doing, it is sheer idle, clared a historic spot, and that

foolish shortsightedness not to go forward, not to follow through with over a hundred years later descenpreparation to the best of our ability, with courage, curiosity, compedants in Salt Lake City would tence, character. And as we do, help comes. Help comes when others cherish the gold pouch and the

see us willing and wanting to, making an honest effort. "Whatever I ring as prized heirlooms.

did not know, I was not ashamed to inquire about,"said a Persian It was the pouch and its golden philosopher, "so I acquired knowledge."2 "No one can help a [person] contents that reached Sarah and

who thinks [he] already knows everything..'.. No one learns without provided the needed items for her

first wishing to learn."trip to Zion, just as her husband

had planned to do himself. It

1Mts. Burton Chance, "Indifference: A Talk to Girls,"Delineator, Nov. 1910. seems fitting that this ring—this

2Author unknown. circlet of gold—remains a symbol

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia of the love and faith Sarah and

Broadcasting System August 14, 1966. Copyright 1966. Ezra Allen shared!

920 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ight: Eugene Sma Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor October 1966

Michelle Mclaws, David Ochsenhirt, Diane McLaws

LIFE IS FRAGILE: HANDLE WITH PRAYER

''Hod has no summer replacement7

group who made the visit were impressed with their friendliness and their obviously genuine religious commitment.

Principles of faith and personal conviction were discussed in a spirit of sympathy and honest inquiry.

The two groups found common ground in Christ, as well as some differing viewpoints, and further discussions were arranged with anticipation.

How important it is, as we grow in the strength of our convictions through search and service and reverence, that we appreciate the value and virtue in others and that we learn to walk arm in arm with them toward common objectives!

On the day the gospel was first preached in

England, the Lord gave through Joseph Smith to one of his associates this important admonition of love and fellowship:WHJW lfS MISSIN f

"I know thy heart, and have heard thy prayers concerning the brethren. Be not partial

towards them in love above many others, but let thy love be for them as for thyself; and let thy

love abound unto all men, and unto all who love my name."(D&C 112:11.)

To this the Prophet added a strong statement of great meaning:

By Marion D. Hanks "... we ought to be aware of those prejudices which sometimes so strangely present

themselves, and are so congenial to human

The slogans on the bulletin board of the Lutheran nature, against our friends, neighbors, and

Church youth room were attentiongetters and brethren of the world, who choose to differ from thoughtprovokers. The two Latterday Saint missionus in opinion and in matters of faith. Our religion

us God. Their religion is our and is between aries and other young Mormon visitors stopped to

their God. and between them

read them: "There is a love from God that should be

exercised toward those of our faith, who walk uprightly, which is peculiar to itself, but it is without prejudice; it gives scope to the mind,

which enables us to conduct ourselves with greater liberality towards all that are not of our faith, than what they exercise toward one another."

(Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 146147.)

We do not compromise our convictions and devotion when we recognize the worth of others as individuals and work earnestly with those who share our desire to achieve wholesome objectives. True to our -oo

The visit was a choice experience! The Lutheran faith, fearless in defense of it, exemplary in its appli- I-

young people were gracious hosts. They listened cation, we manifest our mature understanding of it oCO

intently and respectfully to the missionary presentaby conducting ourselves "with greater liberality co tion, asked thoughtful questions, and accepted the towards all that are not of our faith, than what they O proffered literature warmly. The members of the MIA exercise toward one another."

OCTOBER 1966 923 Whenyy /ic/i ixit lui/icocomes toiu ayjiaisocial iiiaiimciomanners

by Miriam Biskin

THIRTEENYEAR-OLD Don't sleep while others speak, Don't scold anyone for things

George Washington toiled dilisit while others stand, speak you do yourself.

gently over his copybook, trying when you shouldn't, walk when to master the rules dictated by others stop.

his teacher, the Reverend John

Marye. The reverend placed

civility high on the list of eduDon't argue with superiors; be

cational "musts,"equal in importance to spelling or even modest in submitting your judgarithmetic. There were 110 ment.

rules, which have been attributed at various times to varied sources, even to George Have a pleasant face. At serihimself, but were more than ous times, be serious.

likely Reverend Marye's own Be modest in your dress. Don't

translation of an old French strive for admiration as much manners. Thesetreatise on as comfort. Keep to the fashof the developmentrules aided

a code of conduct and courtliion of your equals, such as is ness by which George lived, fitting the time and place.

much to the pleasure of all who came to know him.

The penmanship of the original copybook is boyish and hurried, the language archaic and quaint; but the gist of the

message, translated into simpler modern English, retains soundness and strength. Don't try to teach someone who

knows as much as you do.

Don't associate with bad company. Guard your reputation.

Every action should be a sign of respect to those present.

Don't read in company. If you

as Don't joke about things of immust, ask permission. Do not

In the presence of others, do portance. If you do say someread things belonging to others.

not sing to yourself or drum thing witty, don't laugh at it Don't look over anyone's shoulwith your fingers or feet. yourself. der as they are writing.

Let your conversation be withWhen someone is speaking, be Be friendly and courteous but out malice or envy* attentive. Do not disturb the not forward, the first to say

audience. Do not prompt a hello and the first to answer.

speaker unless he asks for help. Don't be silent when it is time

Do not interrupt nor answer for conversation.

until he is finished speaking.

Don't urge your friends to discover a secret.

Do not whisper in the company of others.

Don't discuss frivolous subjects among studious people nor difficult subjects to the Don't eat greedily. Don't lean Children are no longer asked to

ignorant--nor unbelievable subon the table. Don't find fault write down such rules of conjects to anyone. with what you eat. duct, and many times are not

—buteven expectedhow pleasantto observeit is tothembe

with those to whom such action

Work hard to keep alive that is instinctive. Careful reading

little spark of heavenly fire of the precepts explains the called conscience. wonderful gentility of such men

as Jefferson and Madison and Washington. Despite the fact

that they were reared under the

Do not scold others for imperhardy conditions of a new fections. That is the duty of Don't be angry while at the country, they never failed to

parents and teachers. table. If you are, don't show act in the magnificent tradition

it. Good humor makes any of the Old World gentleman.

meal a feast.

When you speak of God, let it Think before you speak. Probe with seriousness and revernounce words in an orderly and ence. Honor and obey your

distinct fashion. parents.

/ turned, there and stood Timmy 1ATELY I TAKE LONG WALKS BY MYSELF. I think in the doorway. J about life and death—things everyone wonders

about, I suppose. Sometimes I walk for hours, but

I always end up at the same place.

Today it was a crisp November afternoon. Not

one person was in sight when I arrived. My feet

moved toward the little mound of dirt, just as they had yesterday, and the day before, and the day before, every day for the past month.

I took my usual kneeling position beside the small stone inscribed with these sad tidings: "Here

lies Timmy Langden—Born May 23, 1957, Died

October 14, 1965."The words sent new shocks up

my spine, just as I knew they would. For even

after a month I still could not believe it. When I by Elaine Thurman

thought of Timmy, I thought of a goldenhaired boy hurrying off to school or baseball practice, not a cold form here with all these strangers.

Something else troubled me, and I don't think I will ever forget it. I had come home from school

after a long and hectic day. Mrs. Trimble had decided our reports were due tomorrow instead of and got down to work. While I was working, I felt

next Friday. Mr. Johnson was kind enough to warn someone watching me. I turned, and there stood

us of a history test on the last five chapters to be Timmy in the doorway.

given tomorrow. Anyway, dotted here and there "Please close the door,"I said curtly.

I had come puzzled look.work—algebraamong these bigandheadachesbookkeeping.was my usual homeHe hesitated, then slowly closed it, with a hurt,

dragging into the house with my "it's been a hard "I'll make it up to him,"I thought, then turned day"look. Mom knew better than to ask about my thoughts back to my work.

my day. The next morning was warm, and I felt fatigue

As I headed for my bedroom, I heard two small as I climbed out of bed. I hurriedly dressed and

voices laughing. I opened the door, and there sat dashed out to the breakfast table. I had five minutes

Timmy and a little neighbor friend at my desk, lookto eat. Timmy was the only one at the table. Mom

ing at my lipstick. They weren't making a mess. was cooking eggs in the kitchen. As I sat down, I

In fact, they were being very careful not to. Anyfelt his warm, brown eyes on me, and I met his

way, this was the straw that broke the camel's imploring gaze with a cool stare.

back, and I lost my temper. I told them to get out "Are you still mad at me?"he asked.

and never to come into my room when I'm not home "I suppose so."I really wasn't, but I felt he

and to "stay out of my stuff, you little pest!"I must hadn't learned his lesson yet.

have called him a pest four or five times. How "I'm sorry. I won't do it again."

could I have been so crude? "We'll see,"I said cuttingly. Then hurriedly

Tim's face turned beet red, and I knew he was gulping the last of my breakfast, I grabbed my books sorry and ashamed. He even apologized; but oh, and ran for the bus stop, purposely ignoring him.

no, I couldn't let him get away with it. I had to But as I hurried out the door, something about the

be firm. sadness in his eyes brought a guilty feeling, and I

At the dinner table Tim was unusually quiet and remember thinking, "I'll make it up to him later."

didn't eat much; but I guess I was the only one who That was my trouble. I was always in too much of

noticed, because Mom and Dad were talking about a hurry to get close to him. I was too busy with

soand-so and should they go to the reception two my debate to go to his baseball game for an hour.

hundred miles away. After supper I excused myself I was too busy with algebra to go to his school

926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA play. I was always too busy for him, and I could

have made time so very easily.

That was the last time I saw him alive—there

at the breakfast table.

The next time I saw him, he was lying under a white sheet.

I had come home from school as usual with my mind full of my usual thoughts. I noticed my brother's badly twisted bike on the lawn. I suddenly

felt panic sweeping over me. I ran for the house,

my heart beating in my throat. The kitchen was

quiet. There was no dinner cooking. It was too quiet.

The living room door was shut, and I was terrified of the circumstances that were happening on the other side; but the silence of the kitchen was too

much to bear and I found myself pushing the door open.

My mother was sitting in the rocking chair with

Father kneeling by her side, holding her shaking hand. Their faces wore identical expressions—very

pale with eyes staring straight ahead. When Mom

saw me she stood up and took me in her shaking arms. I expected the worst from that action, and my

fears were confirmed as Dad related the events of the last half hour.

Timmy had been in a hurry to get home and start on the new model airplane Mom had bought him.

He must not have been looking as he came racing across the street. The driver of the car didn't see

him till it was too late. I had read this type of thing

many times in the newspapers; but it happened to

other people, not to me, not to my family.

The next few days were full of tears. I cried until

my eyes were dry and red and the tears just wouldn't come anymore. I couldn't eat for days. I couldn't

sleep very long. I would always have the same dream

of coming home from school that day.

I remembered so many small things he had done like getting me a glass of water for me—things

while I was studying, polishing my shoes, when I was in a hurry, bringing me dandelions, showing me his new baseball bat (which I thought was a bore).

I am sure everyone has thought, "If only I could do it again. If only I had one more chance."

Suddenly I wished more than anything to talk with him if for just five minutes. And when he

would ask me, "Are you still mad at me?"with U-

his brown eyes studying my face, I would take him in my arms and say, "No, my darling, I'm not mad '*-*toco anymore, and I'll never be mad at you again."JSCD

I slowly got to my feet from the misty grass. My QC >

legs were cramped from kneeling so long. 1 and stiff

Ll CO I pulled coat tighter, gets because November my chilly in the late afternoon. Then I started for home.

Jimmie Linschoten

OCTOBER 1966 927 I FOLLOW THE LEADER... a childhood game that in some circles has carried over to

young adult years, shouldn't necessarily move into our lives as young Latterday Saints unless the leader we are following is worthy of leading us. Especially in fashion. What's

"in"for others may be "out"for us. And with good reason, The preferred image

should be one of tastefulness, with the swift freshness of your young years.

Anything that makes one appear ridiculous, that calls undue attention to self, or is suggestive in any way should be avoided by highminded members of the Church. Consider not only the best of fashion

but the best of fit, of neatness, color, and appropriateness, when you get dressed to get going... That's

how to follow the leader.

At the awards banquet for the University of Arizona baseball team, SCOTT

NIELSEN, cocaptain and team leader, walked off with most of the trophies.

Scott, who also was captain of the team hia junior year, signed with the San

Francisco Giant organization following the collegiate season and is now playing with Decatur in the MidWest League.

University of Arizona baseball coach Frank Sancet presented Scott with the Col. M. J. Birren Trophy as the outstanding player in 1966, with the Towncat

Trophy as the most valuable player in 1966, and with the McConnell Award as the outstanding player in 1965. He also received a trophy as leading hitter

on the team in 1966 with a batting average of.378.

Statistics from the office of Western Athletic Conference Commissioner

Paul W. Brechler show that Scott set three career records and one season record

as a member of the Arizona nine. He scored 42 runs, hit safely 56 times, and

received 56 bases on balls during his threeyear career. In conference play he

struck out only three times.

Coach Sancet credits much of the success of the University of Arizona baseball team in the winning 1966 season to Scott and his determined leadership.

"He is a real takecharge guy,"Coach Sancet said. "He has been willing to

work extra long hours with other members of the team, and his suggestions have been accepted and used."

Scott, who is a pharmacy student, is an elder in the Melchizedek Priesthood and has served as a home teacher as well as in other activities. He is a son

of Cantril "Flash"and Margaret D. Nielsen, who now live in Washington, D.C.

His father served as bishop and later as a member of the stake presidency in

Pocatello. His parents returned in 1965 from serving on a twoyear building

mmm mission in the British Isles.

928 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Left to right: Susan Hyde, Carolyn Johnson, Bonnie

Davis, John Hess, Kathy Horsley, Robben Hixson.

Leadership is contagious in the home of Keith and Sara

Neilson of the Pasadena Ward. ROBERT NEILSON, 19, is

now serving on a mission in Great Britain. Before he left,

he compiled an enviable record through junior and senior high school and in church activities. He lettered in four

Honors programs are tough, sports, won honors in dramatics and speech, served in but PAULA BRYAN already important student council posts, and was cheerleader. He

has been part of two of them. played the lead in his school play and was emcee of the

She spent her senior year of talent show, and at the same time he put together a fine high school at the University scholastic record that gained him membership in the CaliIf there's a record for seminof Southern California and is fornia Scholarship Federation and in Key Club and made ary stickto-itiveness, two now studying under the Honhim Gold Seal Bearer and graduation speaker. He also won Inglewood Stake girls probors Program at Brigham Young the Kfwanis Award. An Eagle Scout, he earned his Duty to ably share it. CHRISTINE

University. Paula, who was God Award and was active in a long string of MIA events, OHLWILER and GAYLE DAVIS

valedictorian at Covina (Caliincluding "Promised Valley"and "House Talk"performrecently completed five years fornia) High School, was the ances. of almost perfect seminary

only senior in her school to His younger brother DAVID is carving out an outstanding attendance. Winners of pertriple combinations sonalized of also. master he record ceremonies was man, a A threeletter 4.0 average;compile she

a Q. work, they did their in participated for school for the Christmas the and program straightApicked her with up O Mary by honoring turnabout talent as student play two served terms show. has and in Hea full load academic

been has Barraclough, who graduation king of the voted dance president bodyaccelerated classes. and was Second

<D years. three teacher for Also Eagle Scout, he an Award. has their the Kiwanis of and children wonof the seven

Bishop and Mrs. J. Ray Bryan, served in many church and activity roles, plays basketball, Both girls, members of the Q she is a graduate of a 6 a.m. was in "House Talk,"and is a member of the youth misWestchester Second Ward, 0)

seminary. sionary committee. plan to attend Ricks College.

OCTOBER 1966 929 Mom says, "Clean your room!"

You say, "Yeah, in a minute."

//Mom says, "Clean your room, NOW!

And if you don't get started NOW, the first thing you know, you and Mom are in an unpleasant hassle which leaves you both in an ugly mood.

mnfA

CLOSET

W CLUTTB"by Laura Pebbles

930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IT DOESN'T HAVE TO BE THIS WAY.

In fact, your room doesn't have to get messy in the first place. Organization is the key word. And though it may sound distasteful to you,

organization is really a wonderful friend. It helps keep your room neater

at all times and your personal possessions handier to use, and insures a much sweeter relationship with your mother.

Drawers are a prime source of trouble. They always seem to be in a

jumble. It takes at least five minutes to find anything, and then it is

probably wrinkled. By collecting boxes of various sizes and arranging

them to fit in your drawers, you can easily keep your unmentionables, socks, hair ribbons, and other items separate. Shoe boxes are dandy

for holding cosmetics and haircare supplies. You can use them plain

or cover the outsides with wallpaper.

To keep your pens and pencils from slithering all over your room or escaping completely, cover a small baking powder can with felt or paint it to match your room colors for a pencil holder. At the same

time you could cover an empty icecream bucket from the local dairy store and have a matching wastebasket.

A wellorganized closet is a joy to use rather than a daily headache.

You can make or purchase a shoe bag to hang with hooks on your closet wall or the back of the door. It takes no more than a second

to put your shoes in a pocket instead of kicking them under the bed!

They are so much handier when you want them the next time, and they won't be cluttering your floor.

A laundry bag that fits on a clothes hanger or hangs on a hook will keep even your soiled clothes in order. After all, you really shouldn't

expect your mom to crawl under the bed and into the corners to gather up your laundry.

The laundry and shoe bags, the wastebasket and the pencil holder would make inexpensive projects for a group to work on or to make by yourself. Your library can supply you with craft books containing

directions.

Here is a slick idea for keeping your clothes hangers from making like a wire puzzle everytime you reach for one! Slip an empty spool

over the neck of each hanger. The spools will keep the hangers separate

and help keep your freshpressed clothes wrinkle free.

There are several inexpensive closet accessories that you can buy, such as a multiple skirt hanger, a multiple blouse hanger, and a belt ring to hang on your closet rod. They are all handy space savers.

In five minutes'time each morning, you can have your night clothes put away, your bed made, and your room picked up. In an hour or

less on Saturday morning, you can dust, sweep, change your bed in linens. The secret is to jump right in and see how quickly you can TO

get the job done, knowing that afterwards you will have time to do 01 +-'Oto things you enjoy.

TO szO Your mom will be very proud of you, and she just might decide that such a responsible person is ready for more privileges!

OCTOBER 1966 931 sci. **Jj> i**ip *j**JL JU* *!**>! *r*kL *x*JU *1* i *J*J* *** *r**JU *|via *r**1* mJU *JA *l*vl# *?>*i* <t*lL *!p*JU r*X *1# p%1* nr* *tS1# n*L *p**t *1# p*1*

* How to solve the eight big babysitting problems:

by Lucille J. Goodyear

No one in the world, not even the parents, can tell you everything that might come up when you're sitting with a child.

And every once in a while you'll run into a problem for which there does not seem to be an answer. You just live through the

are not quite sure of the sitter and are getting worried about their parents'return. Sometimes

the children are just plain bored. 1CRYINGThe crying baby can truly puzzle and frustrate If you think it's lonesomeness or boredom, you

a sitter. How does one find out from the baby might agree to allow a special fiveminute

just what the trouble is? Some babies cry "outof-bed"time. But let it be known that

a great deal more than others, but most of them this is a special privilege and that when the do cry for a real reason. And it's up to the clock indicates the five minutes are up, back

sitter to try and find out the reason. to bed they go. It's best to keep the

When baby won't stop crying, it's best to check "outof-bed"period a soothing and quieting if he's too warm or too cold. Does his diaper one; otherwise the children may become so

need changing? Is there a pin pricking him? active and wide awake that it will take some

Is the diaper pinned too tightly? Is he hungry? time for them to unwind enough to go to sleep.

Does he need burping? Or is he just plain If the children keep repeating the poppinglonely, so that he wants you to hold him, outof-bed routine, you'll have to become very

love him, and give him some of your attention? firm and let them know you won't continue

Even after you've discounted all the possible the game. Be gentle, but put your foot down.

causes, some babies will go on crying. What

to do? Just remain calm; try leaving him

alone for about ten minutes, and the crying might stop. However, if the baby continues TANTRUMS to cry and sound very unhappy, then it's best temper tantrum can be disconcerting 3A child's

to hold him, rock back and forth, or hum to any sitter. Many things can cause a child

a soothing tune. You might have to to have a tantrum: being angry or hurt at

keep this up for as long as 30 to 45 minutes. being left behind by the parents; not being

It might save you a great deal of trouble and allowed to have his own way; a broken toy;

worry when you're watching a baby to ask the being sick, lonely, or frightened; being teased

mother to tell you when and how much the by another child.

baby usually cries. Some mothers can give you There isn't much you can do during the

very definite hints as to what baby's crying tantrum, and there's no use becoming clinical patterns mean and what to do about them in and trying to analyze the reason for it.

their absence. Try to keep calm yourself. Stand by to make

certain the child does not harm himself or 3* break something in the process. Tantrums

usually do not last too long, thank goodness! OF BED Be patient with the child. When he is just 2OUTLives there an experienced baby sitter who has about over the stormy period is the time to

* poppingnot been outchallengedof bed afterby thebedtime?child whoThiskeeps comfortOnce thehimchildandhastrycalmedto divertdown,his attention.don't attempt

usually happens when children are in the a discussion about the reason. Let

company of a new sitter. Generally, the children sleeping dogs lie!

"o 2&?*J> *J**1* *J>*1* *f%si* #JS*1* *JJt* *>**f* **J r|*** *J*4* <sl*#> *2**J* *1**y* *J%*1* J**st #*1*iJ* *st* *f%"st* *fi** *!*rjs <|>! si**Y* <Js*st* vLJ *f%*1* <rj>*4* <S*4* *1*JS

***/*************fc

problem and hope for the best. Sort of the same theory you've

been taught to apply to life, isn't it?

The following are but a few of the more common situations that, from time to time, must be faced by a baby sitter.

sitter. It's best not to take these pranks

too seriously. Whenever you can, try to make

light of the tricks. If the child looks like

really he's about something to do bad or child, watching than more one 4ARGUMENTSIf you're it quite firm. then pays to be there are few scraps bound to be a and dangerous,

arguments. Most of these you can forget Let him know that whatever he does will be

about. However, you'll have to move reported to his parents. It's also important

in with some profound wisdom if the fight to let him know that you will not tolerate looks like it's getting too serious. The his doing something that is against

best way to do this is to separate the children his parents'rules.

by getting them to play different games or in different parts of the room. It's natural

to want to side with the underdog, but you'll probably do more good by spending 75 some extra time with the older or larger child. 7TRAININGThe child who has not been fully toilettrained

Show him the many ways he can have fun might have "an accident."Your main job

with you. Let him know that playing with is to comfort him. Never shame a child

you can be more entertaining than when this happens. If you can, offer to

fighting with his younger sister or brother change the bed by putting on a clean sheet.

can be. To help matters, it might be wise to 7f

refrain from giving a child with this problem too much liquid prior to his bedtime.

You'll5LANGUAGEfind that some 4- or 5-yearolds try 7f to shock or impress the sitter with strong or 7* foul language. The best thing to do is aSHYNESSAt times you'll find yourself trying to cope

to overlook the entire incident. Don't take with an extremely shy child. Don't force

it seriously; the less importance you give the issue. Go very easy with the shy child;

to their choice of words, the less they will give him ample time to learn for himself 7f want to continue with the words. By that you're friendly and can be trusted. Don't

your attitude of indifference you've taken away just ignore the child—but do give him

some of the fun! every opportunity to warm up to you. An

interesting and colorful toy can sometimes turn the trick. 7f

You may be a teenaged baby sitter today; but it's not too early, as a future TEASING parent, to begin learning more about what 6Sometimes older children will find special makes children tick and how you can

ways of teasing or playing tricks on the handle special problems of children! if

k*********************:**** *

A&tZs (Zyf

As the president of a foodprocessing firm that markets in all fifty states and many foreign countries, much of my time and many of my associations have been with people who are not members of the LDS Church.

I have never experienced any embarrassment by upholding the standards of the Church as I have traveled through the world. The

blessings that have come to my family, and in fact to our fast growing business and to all our associates, are attributed to the gospel principles practically applied in our business dealings.

Knowledge of my name, past service as an LDS bishop, and present activities on Nyssa Stake high council often precedes me in my appointments with nonmember groups, boards of directors, trade associations, etc. Where liquor is served they make special preparation for soft drinks and otherwise honor one who upholds his beliefs.

Several meetings of national importance have been scheduled other than on Sunday to comply with my request, merely for the asking.

Many dinner hours and sometimes business sessions are taken up answering questions these people of the world ask regarding the

Mormon Church. F. Nephi Grigg

Recently after we had finished a dinner meal on a jet airline, President of, OreIda Foods, Inc.

the person in the next seat, who was a commercial jet pilot on Director of H. J. Heinz Company

vacation, and with whom I had had no previous conversation, turned and inquired: "I have a feeling you are a member of the Mormon

Church and would appreciate your answering a few questions."

You may be sure that a good conversation ensued, and as in all such cases, a referral was made to the mission department in

Salt Lake City for followup.

Several copies of the Book of Mormon and other literature are standard equipment in my business briefcase. I carry them in order

to take advantage of "quickie"opportunities to tell others the great story of the restored Church.

I have found my greatest assets to be the training gained by constant activity in church callings and the application of its teachings in business with people, whether in the Church or "in the world."

a. The pen name,

b. The author's actual name, address, telephone number, ward and

stake, title of Youth Writing Contest!

following c. The statement: entry, and v Thisage ofworktheis writer.original.",;

HERE ARE THE RULES: d. At the top of the first page of the manuscript the author should

designate which school he/she would be interested in attending

ELIGIBLE ENTRANTS: High school seniors (196667) and collegeif the entry merits an award.

age (under 23 years of age on January 1, 1967). (Please note: No entries from the mainland USA will be accepted for

CATEGORIES: Short story, essay, poetry. the Church College of Hawaii scholarships)

All entries should be suitable for publication in the Era of Youth. AWARDS: Eighteen valuable university scholarships, 12 cash awards,

RULES: Entries must be typewritten on white paper 8V2"x 11", 12 threeyear Era subscriptions.

doublespaced, on one side of paper only. TIME: Entries must be mailed to the Era of Youth, 79 South State

Entries should not exceed 500 words in length, but longer entries up St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111, postmarked not later than December

to 1,000 words will be considered for judging and publication if they 31, 1966. Winners will be announced in the June 1967 issue of the Era.

are especially meritorious. Winning entries become the property of The Improvement Era. The

Each entry must be designated by a pen name and must be accomEra reserves first publication rights to all other entries. Payment will

panied by a sealed envelope containing: be made upon publication. No entries will be returned.

934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Beginning in January "The Last Word"will include humorous anecdotes and experiences The relating to Latterday Saint culture and way of life. Contributions will be paid for at usual rates. Maximum length: 150 words. Address: The Last Word Editor. Last

Word

—theThere false,are twowherefreedomsa man Aernconcerthome. wasAn beingambitiousheld pianistin a Northhad

is free to do what he just finished playing "Way Down upon likes; the true, where he the Suwannee River."A gentleman inisought,—Charlesfree to do tvhatKingsleyhe vitedhostessto wasthe sittingparty byin athefriendcorner.of theAs

the perfomer concluded, the strange guest buried his head in his hands and burst into loud sobs. The concerned

hostess hurried over to comfort him.

All who joy would win "You must be a Southerner,"she said, Must share it,—Hap- "that this piece should make you

piness was horn a twin. weep so."He raised his tearstained

—George Gordon Byron face. "No, madam-I'm a musician."

If a man empties his purse into his head, no I am only an average man, but, by George, I work one can take it from him.—Benjamin Franklin harder at it than the average man.—Theodore Roosevelt

Hold yourself responsible for a higher An American fighter pilot standard than anybody else expects was shot down over the Engof you. Never excuse yourself. Never lish channel during World

pity yourself. Be a hard taskmaster War 11. In a coma, he was to yourself—and be lenient with picked up and put in a Briteverybody else.—Henry Ward Beecher ish hospital. Regaining consciousness he asked the

nurse, "Where am 1?""In

Any car will last a lifetime if you are a careless driver. jolly old England,"she answered with a prominent

cockney accent. "Did I come

here to die?"groaned the

He who does not punish evil comflier. "No,"replied the nurse,

mands it to be done.—Leonardo da Vinci "you came here yesterdie."

"I've got my husband now All your losses will be made up so that he eats out of my to you in the resurrection, prohand.""My, that saves a lot vided you continue faithful.—The

of dishwashing, doesn't it?"Prophet Joseph Smith, DHC, V, 362.

Let God Almighty touch the main- "Mom, yoii know spring of the memory and awaken that vase you always recollection, and you will find then worry I'll break?"

that you have not even forgotten "Yes, Stevie, what aspoken!—Presidentsingle idle word Josephthat youF Smithhave youraboutworriesit?"are "Well,over."

OCTOBER 1986 935

Something loving happens when you bake like this

Only you can make it happen. You... and

Fleischmann's Yeast. Because Fleischmann's Yeast

is extra active... to make all your bakings extra light, '

extra good. So when you bake with Fleischmann's

you've got something to show for it. Something special. Yeast.. Veast Yeest fe

What a loving way to show your family you care.

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS

TwentySix Boys Raise $2008 in 42 Days...

for camping equipment!

And that was for last year only! This Oak

Park, Illinois youth group has sold over $12,000 of candy in the past three years!

They say "... one reason for our success

is the quality of your candies... customers are waiting for us!"

WANTED $172 FOR PLAYGROUND EQUIPMENTLOOK WHAT HAPPENED!

"The response was so great we just kept going... had $458 profit before

we knew it,"writes a parent group in

Illinois.

50 New Jersey Boys Raised $1,229 in 10 Days for Camporees, Theater

Trips and Special Qutingsl Fast, easy way to raise funds because "... people recognize the brand and quality from your national advertising."

$5104 Profit Earned By A West Coast Mission Group "... over our goal in 2 weeks! Your generous plan and delicious candies made this

easier than we ever dreamed possible."

SCHOOL COMMITTEE

MAKES $1960 PROFIT FOR POSTPROM ACTIVITIES! 20page booklet shows how to

And they did it in just 30 days without itself,"risk "Sells of their money! own

to according -area this Chicago Ways & RAISE $50-$5000 FAST AND EASY

Means Chairman. WITH KATHRYN BEICH CANDIES!

This factfilled guide outlines how to plan and operate a profitable "Educational Tour moneymaking project—large or small—at any time of the year and

risk of your without money. own Completely Financed—

will plan This guaranteed tt Thanks to Kathryn Beich Kathryn Beich Candies—lusciousalsochocolates,introduce fineyou to the legendary

Says this teacher..."children highly butter mints, rare toffees, tender crumbles—eleven

enthusiastic...entire $450 trip cost "Gift Quality"confections priced from 50.

paid by this sale!"of Millions confections bought these people have KmwsM

projects. to of different support thousands For example, an Indiana Boys'Club made $1806—sold first

DO YOU WANT ordermedicalin clubtwo days!raise Excellentover $500servicefor research!helped DenverHere's

it is so easy: we send the candy you need, enough new band uniforms? More Little why

to raise $50 to $5000 or more, and even pay shipping

League equipment? Special costs. Pay after you finish your sale. Take up to 60

assistance for your Church or choir? days if you want. Write today!?

'%. Good HousekeepingVGUARANTEESGUARANTEES.

For these and any other project, Hush coupon for FREE Booklet!

investigate the KATHRYN BEICH CANDIES KATHRYN BEICH (pronounced "Bike")

II!. 61701 Print name of organization above FUND RAISING PLAN Dept. 36P2, Bloomington,

] Our group is interested. Send Send to

St.. SEND COUPON NOW! Freeplete funddetails.raising guide and comAddress.City

(Continental U.S.A. Only) Zip Code Phone Second Class Postage Paid

at Salt Lake City, Utah

Your Beneficial Life dollars work for you—and your community.

Every family with growing children needs shelter—both physical shelter from the

elements and financial shelter from adversity. The dollars you invest in Beneficial Life

insurance help provide both: first, of course by protecting your family's all -important

income. And second, by helping many families to own their own homes. Currently

Beneficial Life mortgage money is helping provide homes for more than 6,000 families—which would make up a city the BENEFICIAL LIFE

size of Tempe, Arizona or Covina, California! ffinruxmv

Virgil H. Smith, Pro. Salt Lake City, Utah