ALUEUT E I? OWEN

(i I 7H N W

i r ty

MAY, 1923

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD

QUORUMS.THEYOUNG MENS

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF vv LATTERDAY SAINTS *<**%**% PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD YM.M1A

SALT LAKE CITY UTAH 'tixsm&K Southern Pacific Lines

LINES) J Three Trains Daily via

American Canyon Route Crossing Great Salt Lake Cutoff in Day Time

Shorest and Most Scenic Route to

SAN FRANCISCO And all CENTRAL CALIFORNIA POINTS

Every Mile Worth While Through Sleeping Cars Between Salt Lake City and

San Francisco ROUND TRIP WINTER TICKETS ON SALE DAILY

We gladly furnish information and take care of

Pullman reservations Call, write or phone us Telephone Passenger Department, Wasatch 3008 41 South Main Street P. Bancroft, District Freight and Passenger Agent

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of the United States If paid in advance, 20c extra on each garment to Canadr. or Mexico.

These Approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here in our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

prices on market. Mail your order to us now and say you saw it in the)

"Improvement Era."If order is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light summer weight bleached 91.40

11 Light weight cotton 1.50

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.75

60 Medium weight cotton 1.76

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

90 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

50 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 3.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 3.00

16 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white Silkileen 3.40

18 All Merino Wool 5.50

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 52 to 64 lengths, as desired.. Longer than 64

inches, or over 44 in. bust, each size 20c extra..Garments with double

backs 25c extra per suit..We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under anna; length from center on top of

shoulder down to inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

accepted.We manufacture sweater coats, Jersey goods and underwear, also*

flannel shirts and Mackinaw coats.

KNITTING MODEL CHRISTIANSON, ManagerWORKS FRANKLTN 657 Iverson St., Salt Lake City, Utah Phone Hy. 616

"RELIABLFAGENTS WANTED"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

May Day

Dear mountain home, with dreamy gladness,

Fond mem'ry scans the fleeting years

When times and scenes of happy childhood,

Make thee a theme which still endears.

Fair May Day, what a rosehued glamour,

Of happy thoughts thy name doth bring,

When sounds of children's gladsome voices

Make all the hills and woodlands ring.

With quick'ning step we'd seek the flow'rets

That blossomed 'neath the oak tree shade,

And butter cups of golden treasures

Were peeping from the canyon glade.

Full well we knew where grew the hair bells,

Where every blossom had its root,

For other years we'd watched with longing,

Yes, waited, for the buds to shoot.

And 'monst these scenes of sweet enchantment,

I think, though tired, with weary feet,

Of keen enjoyment, eating lunches

Beside the stream, in cool retreat.

And then, with lagging footsteps, turning

At last toward home to wend our way,

While youthful hands were fondly clasping.

In gorgeous hues, spoils of May Day

Blest mountain home! the years \\a\e brought me

Far, far away from thy fair sky,

Yet on this joyous day of spring time,

On wings of mem'ry back I fly.

Raymond, Canada Helen Kimball Orgill

Vol. XXVI May, 1923 No. 7

The Way of the World

By Preston Nibley

Tacitus, in writing his Annals, records the events of the burning of Rome at the time of Nero, and adds this significant passage: "Nero judicially charged with the crime, and punished with most studied severities, that class, hated for their general wickedness, whom the vulgar called Christians. The originator of that name was one Christ, who,

in the reign of Tiberius, suffered death by the sentence of the procurator,

Pontius Pilate. The baneful superstition, thereby repressed for the time,

again broke out, not only over Judea, the native soil of that mischief, but in the city also, where from every side atrocious and abominable things collect and flourish.

Thomas Carlyle, commenting on the above in his studied and reverent manner, has this to say: "Tacitus was the wisest,

most penetrating man of his generation; and to such depth, and

no deeper, has he seen into this transaction, the most important that has occurred, or can occur in the annals of mankind."

, Truly, the wise and the learned of this world are not to be trusted in their judgments of the ways of God. The reverse is far

more apt to be the case, for the ways of God have never been, and are not now, the ways of men. In the matter of religion is this

especially true, where appearance and reality often bear small resemblance. For religion is certainly a matter of the heart, a

condition of the soul. "My sheep shall know my voice,"without argument, without persuasion, without public approval. To

the great and learned Tacitus, what was the Carpenter's Son and his lowly following? Merely a "mischief"of passing

moment. For Jesus of Nazareth appealed to those only who

were in hunger and thirst after righteousness. The Roman historian was not of them, and he proceeded eloquently to condemn what he did not and could not understand.

Appearance and reality: How wide a space between them!

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1017, authorised on July 2, 1018, $2 per annum.

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

590 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The vulgar eye looks out upon the world and cannot discern the finger of God pointing and directing the ways of men. The

vulgar eye sees but the vain, transitory appearance, the reality being hidden away from it, obscure by a veil thicker than night.

Let the reader also reflect upon the passage, hastily jotted down as a passing reminiscence in the autobiography of Thurlow

Weed, who flourished in New York state as one of the brilliant statesmen and writers of the Civil war period. He records that,

"about 1829, a stout, round, smoothfaced young man, between twentyfive and thirty, with the air and manners of a person without occupation, came into the Rochester Telegraph office and said he wanted a book printed, and added that he had been directed in a vision to a place in the woods near Palmyra, where he resided, and that he found a golden bible from which he was directed to copy the book he wanted published. He then plaaed

what he called a "tablet"in his hat, from which he read a chapter of the Book of Mormon, a chapter which seemed so senseless that I thought the man either crazed or a very shallow impostor, and therefore declined to become a publisher, thu depriving myself of whatever notoriety might have been achieved by having my name imprinted upon the title page of the first 'Mormon'Bible. It is scarcely necessary to add that this individual was Joseph Smith, the founder of the 'Mormon'creed."

Oh, Thurlow Weed, great editor, brilliant orator, "shrewd politician,"this also was an important transaction, and "so deep and no deeper"did you see into it. This book you would

not print, was finally printed and was heralded far and wide by the lowly, the devout, the prayerful, as a divine and heavensent message. Gradually, too, it has penetrated, and is penetrating, into all lands and all climes where men and women look

to heaven for divine guidance.

The noble and the select of this earth, those who have done most to elevate mankind, have invariably been "the humble seekers after God."The whole moral foundation of the world

rests upon their work. History is so replete with proof of

this that it needs only to be read to be learned. The Bible, the

"book of books,"what is it but the history of the devout men who sought God and whose lips he touched with divine fire? The

reformers, those men who threw off the hideous burden that enveloped the people of the middle ages, Knox, Zwinglie, Calvin, Luther, they were all devout, humble, "praying men"who called mightily upon the Omnipotent power for inspiration, and went not away unheeded. If we have learned the lesson of history correctly, this, then, is our conclusion: That the instruments in His hands, who have been used for the accomplishTHE WAY OF THE WORLD 591

nient of His righteous purposes, have been those and those only who have devoutly and humbly sought Him.

It is not curious, therefore, that in our day there should have been a wonderful manifestation of this truth. It is not

curious that the boy Joseph Smith who went into the woods to pray for light and guidance, that spring day, in 1820, should have received it. It seems the most natural and plausible thing

that could ha\e happened, for to deny it is to deny the very source and fountain of that inspiration which has guided the world from the beginning. That he was poor, unlearned, not

skilled in the arts of men, has absolutely no bearing on the condition of his faith and the purity if his prayer. The simple

question was, would he heed God or heed men? The history of

his short life abundantly shows that his confidence was placed in the heavenly power; that he thereby incurred the fury of

men and became a victim of that fury.

No, it will not be different in our age than in other age9.

As before, the "weak things of the earth"are brought forth to confound the wise and the mighty. A Brigham Young, obscure

farmer boy with only "eleven days'schooling,"who was he that

God should be mindful of him? He was none other, more

nor less, than a devout, humble, Godfearing man, capable of receiving inspiration, and heeding heavenly mandates. It is

easy to fancy that in the providences of the Almighty any one of a thousand scholars could have been summoned to take his place, but "the burden of carrying on the Kingdom"which he shouldered like a Hercules might have proved too heavy for their backs. The strong heart, the undaunted soul, the reverent,

faithful, humble man; he is the uncrowned king of this world,

now and always.

A Sentiment Worth Remembering

The East India people have a saying well worth remembering and being put into practice, because it expresses the truth in such a direct way that it cannot be misunderstood. If it is

heeded, very few will wander far from the straight and narrow way: "So talk with God, as if men were listening;

So walk with men, as if God were present."J. C. Hogenson

A Divorce Civilization Will Regret

By Dr. Hugh M. Woodward, Department of Education, Brigham Young

University

A problem of modern civilization which is giving much concern to earnest observers is the separation of religious attitudes from the industrial, political, and intellectual interests of life. Of recent years there has been a marked increase in the tendency of individuals in society to have one

code for religious interests, another for business, another for politics, and still others for different practical phases of life.

In the world of education the separation of religious attitudes and pure intellectualism has reached such a point that many of our leading thinkers question whether university training is doing its part to prepare moral and ethical men. It is charged

by one of the leading statesmen of the nation that many of the intrigues, plots, and unlawful schemes which are perpetrated against society in various phases of life are created and directed by mm ersity brains. It is to be deeply regretted that in

our political life personal advantage, special privilege, and the desire to control, dominate to such an extent that men who should be statesmen are swerved from a conscientious path to one of mere expediency. The phrase, "It is business,"represents

the attitude of a large portion of the business world toward things financial and industrial. It is a terse way of saying

that what holds good in ethics and morals and religion does not necessarily hold in the business world.

Selfish interests are not altogelher to blame for the condition described above. The very philosophy of many of the

churches concerning religious and practical life has done much to produce the separation. A minister called upon me some time

ago and said he was desirous of doing the people of Utah as much good as possible. I asked him if he had any particular

message to bring to them. He said his principal thought was to

show the people the difference between "Mormonism"and Christianity. I asked him what the essential characteristics of Christianity are as he conceived them. He said the main one was

to do good to others, and I asked him if that were the dividing line between "Mormonism"and Christianity.

"No,"he said, "I wouldn't say that."

"Well what are the other elements of Christianity as you understand them?"After naming a number, each time I would

A DIVORCE CIVILIZATION WILL REGRET 593

ask him if that were the thing that makes the distinction between "Mormonism"and Christianity.

Finally he said, The great difference between 'Mormonism'and Christianity lies in the fact that the 'Mormons'have blasphemed God and degraded religion by making it so materialistic and by laying so much stress upon the temporal and practical in their religious worship."I asked him if he conceived of the temporal and practical as being contradictory to the

spiritual.

He said, "There are two elements in the universe, material and spirit. Spirit is always opposed to the temporal or material

and the material is opposed to the spirit.

This notion of spirituality is a \ery common one. Here

spirituality is conceived of as some element of human life abstracted from the rest of life. The monks who withdrew

from the political and social life of Rome in order to engage in religious pursuits to the exclusion of everything else, had something of the same philosophy. Some years ago I spent a

week in southern Utah with Dr. H. H. Powers. After saying

many fine things about the people of this section he said, "There is one thing in which I have been very much disappointed.

It seems to me that the "Mormon"people have become a spiritualless people. They have become so engrossed in the

temporal things of life that the spiritual has been neglected."

It was evident that Dr. Powers had a conception of spirituality akin to the one just described. I explained to him that

the "Mormons"had not become a spiritualless people because they had included temporal interests in their religion, but that they had an entirely different notion of spirituality, that spirituality of them was not a something separated from the rest of life but rather an attitude toward all the interests of life.

The spiritually which dominates the Latterday Saint Church is a tendency in the souls of the people to seek cooperation and a better adjustment with the intelligent, progressive and safe powers of the universe, to cooperate with God in all the affairs of life in such a way that political, social, and industrial interests might be lived with an eye singde to the greatest spiritual development of the individual; that the individual

who lives the philosophy of the "Mormon"Church is not selfsufficient in business and politics and intellectuality, and humble only in his supplication to God, but he looks upon life as a unit.

He looks upon the temporal, the spiritual, and the social as important elements of a life that can be lived in cooperation with the directing Spirit of God. He is, therefore, humble in all

things and strives for greater inspiration and knowledge of God, for a better adjustment to the universe as a whole, for a more 594 IMPROVEMENT ERA

perfect cooperation with other individuals in the business of creating "life more abundant."He is also grateful for his job,

whether it be on a farm, in the factory, or as a professor of education, and looks upon it as an opportunity of cooperating with God in bringing to pass a richer life for the souls of men.

He, therefore, becomes whole hearted in his response toward the progressive forces of life. As he strives to see the oneness in

the purpose of the intelligent forces of the universe, he becomes a student of the highest order. His scientific research in the various fields is as much a prayer to God for cooperation as is

his supplication in his secret chamber. His efforts to construct

the temporal things of life, in the colonizing of new territory, building useful industries, or creating means of harmless enjoyment are as much a sermon for good as is any that could be delivered from the pulpit. He sees the handiwork of God in

all things that exist, and therefore his entire life, whether it is in the construction of temporal things, scientific research, philosophic thinking, or prayer and devotion to his Creator, is controlled by his overwhelming desire to cooperate with the responsible and lifegiving forces of the world. More than this

'"Mormonism,"in its actual workings, has presented an example which corresponds to this philosophy.

About two years ago a prominent educator said to me, "The remarkable thing about your Church is that it seems to. satisfy all rich and the poor, the learned and classes—the

the unlearned, men as well as women, and the old as well as the young."This universal satisfaction is no mere chance.

One reason for it, no doubt, is the importance placed upon the entire range of man's legitimate activity. The Latterday

Saints have not become spiritualless, as was suggested, but because of their fundamental philosophy concerning the nature of matter and spirit, they have spiritualized the temporal and practical, and made practical the spiritual. The prayer has become a

part of the digging of the ditch, and the digging of the ditch has become a part of their prayer. There is no special group

of individuals who are trained in spirituality because spirituality is not conceived of as something that can be wrapped up in a robe.

It is rather an attitude toward all the phases and interests of life.

The bishops of wards and presidents of stakes, from the beginning of the Church, have been chosen because of their ability to do practical things, and because of their attitude that all these practical things should be done with an eye single to the glory of

God and a complete development of the individual. The Church

has concerned itself with the building of educational systems, social and recreational systems, industries which would make for a stable and wholesome community life; and, in fact, with

A DIVORCE CIVILIZATION WILL REGRET 595 all things that pertain to the lives of its members. Every man,

wcman, and child in the Church becomes a worker and bears a responsibility equal to his or her ability to serve. The various

Church duties assumed pertain to all the worthy interests of life. The spiritual attitude is a thing common to all. The

deacon of twelve years has it in the cutting of the widow's wood as well as has the President of the Church in the management of a general conference. There is no place that a line can be

drawn where one set of interests can be called religious and the other temporal, where one can be called spiritual and the other intellectual. Consequently, the entire range of interests of the

individual who espouses the philosophy and the system, is unified by a religious attitude, the principal characteristic of which is a belief that all things are good which contribute to a man's greater joy and satisfaction.

There are many reasons for the apparent separation that has taken place in society in these various life interests. It is

not my purpose to discuss them here. Some, perhaps, have been

unavoidable, and some are avoidable, but the fact remains that where the separation has taken place, and where the moral and ethical grip does not control the intellectual forces, selfishness, greed and dissipation have taken the place of altruism, statesmanship, and a responsible, temperate life. How far the

forces of society can be trained to take on this unified attitude only the future can tell, but if "Mormonism"should do nothing more than present to the world a practical demonstration of a unified religious attitude in the solution and living of the entire range of life interests, it will perform a service to the world the beneficial results of which cannot be measured.

Prow, Utah.

Little Blossoms

You are late, very late, little blossoms,

The sun would not woo, While the north wind blew, And that made you late, little blossoms.

'Tis true, you are late, little blossoms,

We've watched for you long, Since rang the first song, Of the birdlings'return, little blossoms.

Though you are late, little blossoms.

We're glad you are here, Your faces of cheer Make our earth the more fair, little blossoms.

And we know your sweet breath, little blossoms.

Exhales from the deeps Of your heart, where sleeps Your best gift for man, little blossoms!

Provo, Utah Grace Ingles Frost

Flowers from Memory's Garden

By Mrs. Deseret F. Eyring

A Letter from a Mother to her Son

Dear the "honey bee"was searching for a poem Son:—As

to send you, she came across the one entitled, "Give Them the

Flowers Now."I am copying it to send in this letter, not to remind you to send flowers, but to show you that I appreciate

those you have already given me.

In memory I see a small boy kneeling by his mother's side,

'Heas he is taking his first lesson in rose and flower planting.

often helped in this way until his mother's health failed, and then he did all the planting, while she looked on and gave instructions.

I wonder if you remember the first two rose bushes, the canarycolored tea rose, the favorite of the May Queen and the girl graduate, and the "June"rose with its delicate pink color and sweet perfume. I know you will remember our first rose

garden in which we planted the roses we received from the East, and how those were cultivated and pruned until they and the "June"rose vied with each other in beauty and fragrance. Of

course you remember the climbing vines that covered the arbor leading to the north gate. Here honeysuckle, trumpetcreeper,

woodbine, myrtle, and ivy ran riot, and the cherry and apple trees made dense shade. The blossoms of the cherry tree were the

first of our flowers to attract the honey bees, the fruit from the apple tree was the joy of the children. Under the trees we planted

our first lawn which we encircled with beds of iris. Then you

will remember the vines that grew over the north porch wall;

the wisteria bore such large clusters of blossoms, some lavender and some white, while the vine that resembled the jasamine made such thrifty growth that it almost covered the porch roof with immense chocolate colored clusters of bloom.

On the south wall the crimsonramblers made 3uch a promise of beauty, but always failed us just when coming into bloom, because mildew spoiled their beauty. The other climbers

on this wall were more kind, some of our darkest and most beautiful roses grew there.

Now come with me to the north side of the house, and look at the triangular gladiolus bed where we planted the bulbs the

FLOWERS FROM MEMORY'S GARDENS 59T

spring you left for the University. You did not get to see those

flowers, but mother spent many happy evening hours sitting on the porch admiring the gorgeous array of color. In memory,

see the two east gardens on either side of the path to the east gate. Here shrubs and perennials grew. Perennial phlox, with

their immense clusters of white, salmon, pink, lavender, and rosepink blooms, grew to perfection. They were the first to

break through the soil in Spring and the last to disappear in

Autumn. In these gardens the canna lilies and chrysanthemums grew. The redhot-poker stood like a sentinel to

fcuard the corners where the crimson syringa and box plants had their home. A bridalwreath stood on each side of the gate,

and near the fence grew the mockorange, with its dainty white bellshaped blossoms with yellow centers. Not far away was

the goldenglow, and near it stood the sweet brier rose. Near

here I planted the peonies you sent me. I still remember the

large white flowers that looked like frosted snow. The centers

contained a crimson spot and the petals splashes of delicate color.

Do you remember the honey suckle and the myrtle that grew on the north side of the store room? Here the songsparrows loved to congregate and sing their evening and morning songs. Although they were near the kitchen door, they

vre not afraid, for we never killed our birds. Near the door

of the storeroom stood an old tub on a high bench. We had

splendid success raising pansies from seed in this unsightly seed bed. Under a low growing tree that grew near, we planted a

violet bed. The violets received just enough sun and just

enough shade. The purple varieties were so large and fragrant,

the white kind had such long stems, were marked with blue and were always in bloom. Just to the south was our youngest

rose garden, with its twenty very choice roses, the pick of the flower catalogues. You did not get to see this garden at its best,

it was the joy of your mother's heart.

You surely have not forgotten the climbing roses on the south wall of the house. It seems but yesterday that you stood

on a high ladder as you tacked strips of cloth across the rose stems to hold the vines in place. Some of the vines were so

thrifty that they seemed to wish to reach to the topmost part of the gable. Some were in bud in February and buds were

still to be found in November. How we learn to love the "Pillar

of Gold"with its bronzegreen foliage, its almost thornless stems, and its wonderful roses. The roses—what beauties, their apricot

color blended and tinged with pink, their perfume all that one could ask for. These roses clustered around my bedroom

window; they smiled at me and gave me cheer in the long

598 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hours while I was alone. This is my memory garden and

linked with it is the memory of my children whose labors helped to make all this beauty possible.

Circumstances made it best for us to come north to live with you. I remember how no pains were spared to make us welcome. You led me to a sunny window and said, "I thought you

would miss your flowers, mother dear, so I have made you a little garden just outside. You can see the flowers from this

window."I truly enjoyed that garden, a patriotic garden

planted with red, white, and blue asters. Later we moved to

another home. Of course, you remember the Dorothy Perkim

climber with its clusters of dainty pink roses, growing by the side of the crimsonrambler which did not mildew this time.

I well remember the following Christmas, our first flowers from the green house were purchased. Their fragrance filled

the whole house. Then came the Easter lily, at Easter time.

I took great pleasure in the weeks that followed watching the buds unfold, and now, although years have passed, when I close my eyes I can still see my favorite flower, my perfect Easter lily.

When you were east at school, I sometimes felt very lonely.

On Mother's Day I longed to hear from my children. The

postman made his last call. There was no letter, mother could

messenger boy arrivedhardly repress her tears, when lo—a

with a box of flowers. The card indicated that the flowers were

from you and your dear wife. The box contained seven beautiful

carnations, fresh, young, and fragrant. They were a joy to your

mother in and of themselves, and they breathed love from my a greater joy.children—this was

Now, dear son, I wish to thank you for the many beautiful boquets and potted plants which you and your dear wife and her thoughtful mother have given me, for the happiness I experienced in your home among the flowers, and for the wild flowers yau brought home from Timpanogos.—And, now dear

eon, if Providence decree that you should not be near me when my "closed eyes cannot see the white roses,"I want you to remember that you have always given me flowers, and with your kindness and thoughtfulness have brightened my life, and that I do not forget the "bloom from the happy heart's garden, plucked in the spirit of love."And if mother receives an inheritance on

the glorified earth and has a home surrounded with flowers, one of my greatest joys will be to have you visit me there and walk with me through that garden while we contemplate the undreamed of beauty of the flowers that never fade.

"Blooms from the happy heart's garden

Plucked in the spirit of love,

FLOWERS FROM MEMORY'S GARDENS 599

Blooms that are earthly reflections

Of flowers that hlossom above;

Words cannot tell what a measure

Of hlessing such gifts will allow

To dwell in the lives of many,

So give them the flowers now!'"

Snowflake, Arizona Your Loving Mother,

The Navajo Shepherd

Only a hogan is his home.

A rounded hut of wood and clay;

A shelter from the chill of night

And from the burning day.

Seen from his door, the world around

Has neither claimant, fence, nor bound

But cedar groves and sagebrush gray,

And ) > i in.ti forests for away.

He is a shepherd of the wastes,

Where distances the eyes bedim;

His wealth of flocks that he infolds

Within the desert's rim.

His the wild life where distance blends

The earth and sky in craggy ends,

And haunting solitudes are grim

With sanddunes to the vision's brim.

Lonely his life and few his wants

A lonely, lonely life and free,

Where comfort brings its happiness

Through frugal industry;

And here his wife contented lives

Enjoying what each season gives;

A life in nature's harmony All she desires to be.

Crooning her laborchant, she weave*

Close by her lowly curtained door.

The blankets filled with mystic signs

Of ancient tribal lore.

The emblems that some thought portrays

Of history and tribal ways The Indian legends told of yore

Her warp and woof restore.

Only a hogan is his home!

And here infolded in its wall,

His wife and children have his love—

Held in the desert's thrall.

His creed has in its circle cast

The dreamful worship of the Past,

With faith that whatsoe'er befall

There's one Great Spirit over all!

Payson, Utah Joseph Longking Townsend.

Babies vs. Fame

By Mrs. Agnes Just Reid

Codyville, Wyoming, Thursday.

interesting letter My very dear La Vern:—Your long and

came today. I love you but you and the rest of my friends are

certainly an awful trial to me. I have had no less than ten letters bearing the same lamentations that yours does, that I was

foolish to marry and waste the gift with which I have been so unaccountably blest. In the first place I am not sure that my

drawing is anything to rave oer and if it is I see nothing in love and happy marriage that should so seriously handicap its development. Just because I could make pictures better than

anyone in school, or perhaps anyone of our acquaintance, is no reason that I am a Rembrandt. Of course I appreciate the compliment that you all pay me in thinking that I am. It gives me

the most pleasurable sensation in the region of my solar plexus, but all the time I realize that you all have prejudiced eyes for me.

You say to me, "But there'll be babies"and e\en in cold ink, I can hear the tragedy in your voice as you say it. Of

course, there'll be babies. I expect fifteen or so in the course

of our lives. Why, it would be criminal for anyone as happily

married as I am, and as happily and comfortably "homed"not to have babies! You wonder how I'll ever be able to take care

of them and still have time for my drawing. Well, you just

come see me in ten or a dozen years and I will show you. Surely

you of all persons should know that house keeping with me is sort of a joke. What ha\e I been keeping my daddy's house for

all these years since I was eleven, if not to gain efficiency in that line? You surely haven't forgotten how I could always turn

off more work than any three of you other girls. I know I am

vain over my accomplishments but it is a source of real pride to me to think when I hear other women pitying themselves over the burdens of wash day and the tragedy of dishes never washed, that those things are always done so quickly at our house that I never think of them. And cooking; I always have

thought I was most as clever as that girl in the old, old song who could "make a cherry pie, quick as a cat can wink his eye."

You know I can make a pie while most folks are getting ready

BABIES VS. FAME 601

to. Anyway, the people who know, tell me that before one can

succeed in artistic lines he must first live and know life and that is what I am starting out to do.

Your calling may be to train other people's children;

Helen's may be to nurse sick people back to health; next to

motherhood teaching and nursing are the finest vocations in the world, but here is the real reason that I have chosen homemaking and motherhood. You know my grandmother and remember how we girls all loved to visit her and hear of her remarkable experiences as a pioneer. She surely is a grand mother

to me as well as to my daddy. In the early, early days in

Montana she was deserted by her husband, four months before my daddy came to earth. Before this unthinkable tragedy, she

had been associated with theatrical people and had gone on the stage several times taking minor parts. She undoubtedly had

dramatic ability, and when she was left alone, to become a mother, the old stage manager and his wife made her the most flattering offer. They would take care of her and the baby and

train her for the stage. She was then only nineteen years old

and they recognized her ability, but in that day, the stage was looked down upon, and she feared she could not be a good mother and a good actress at the same time. Young as she was,

she turned away from the lure of pretty things to wear and the comforts of civilization, and came into the wilderness where she could raise my daddy in the way that daddies should be raised. After she told me that story she said: "And have I ever

regretted my decision? No, indeed. I have never envied an

actress her life before the foot lights, but if I had chosen differently and had even become a Maude Adams or a Sarah

Bernhardt, I could never have passed a little cozy home, with a family gathered around the evening lamp, without being torn to pieces with envy and regret."

Another thing I have never told you, and it is a great secret, because George is so very modest that he never even told me, until long after we were married. He has a lot of inventive

genius. He has patents on several small articles and is working

on others. It may happen that, after all, he is the unheralded

genius of the family. Wouldn't you girls change your ideas

about my farmer if he should turn out to be an Edison? Well,

my drawing is certainly a great help to him anyway. He tells

me all about his plans and I make them. He thinks I am a

wonder to be able to put his ideas on paper just as if they were my own, and I think he is a wonder to be able to have such ideas, so aren't we happy? Well, I should think we are.

Anyway, if he does not turn out to be an Edison, his work will 602 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bring in a few extra dollars, and more than that, add the most joyous interest to life. The days are not long enough for him

to be in the fields making the crops grow with his hands and inventing things with his head. I've heard that really, truly inventors are disagreeable and absentminded but either he is not

real, or else he's different. He is just the thoughtfulest, kindest

husband, and happy, he whistles or sings every minute of the day.

I wish you could see our garden. It has everything in it. I

never did take very kindly to outdoor work, but George says it is lonesome working in the garden alone, so every evening, he wipes the supper dishes, then we work together in the garden for one hour, and we surely work hard and fast. Then when

there isn't a weed in sight, we take that evening hour for a horseback ride together. The ride, however, is not always limited to

one hour. Sometimes we are out until far in the night.

A visit from you is all that I desire to complete my happiness. With love,

Margaret.

Shelley, Idaho, R. D. No. 2

Spring

O come with me, O happy be;

We'll stroll away where flowers lay,

O gladly sing, cares from you fling,

For in sweet lay, 'tis spring, birds say.

O come, come, your work begun Can wait a day, O come away;

We'll go and roam o'er earth's warm loam,

And joyful play this bright spring day.

Winter's cold spell is gone, buds tell,

The forest birds, in warbled words,

Just seem to say, O come away,

Let's gayly fly through spring's blue sky.

The great woods teem with life unseen.

Let's search their depths, until our steps

Lead where we'll see, with pulsing glee,

It's sights newold, it's wealth untold.

The very sod bespeaks of God;

The dew, the birds, in nature's words,

Say, haste away, how can you stay?

On magic wing we'll roam with spring.

Zephyrs harps play melodious lay,

All earth is glad, no one is sad, 'Tis Godgiven day, come, come away,

The world doth ring with joy, 'tis Spring.

Laie, Oahu M. F. Kirkham

Our Tribute of Love*

By S. H. Spencer, Principal Montpelier Seminary

I join myself tonight with the sons ami daughters present and gratefully act as their mouthpiece in voicing a united tribute of love to our parents.

To our mothers we pay first tribute. We realize now, dear

mothers, that you entered the valley of the shadow of death that we might live. Yours was the watchful love that guarded us in

our days of frailest infancy. Yours the soft hand that cooled

our fevered brow and soothed our murmuring soul. Yours were

the feet which so quickly and uncomplainingly brought you to us no matter how often we called. Your kiss administered in

sympathetic love was the best antedote for all our childish bumps and bruises. You were the haven from all storms.

Exultingly we brought to you our first schoolday achievement and no matter how crude the product you found it worthy of praise.

In self sacrifice you preferred the neck or the back of the chicken that we might have the breast or the leg. The same

deep love caused you to forget longedfor concerts and balls that we might have your care, or perchance that we might attend.

Long hours at night, after our work and worries were buried in slumber, you toiled on, patching, darning, making, that in daylight's brilliance we might appear becomingly in spite of scanty family finance. Regularly, punctually, three times daily

ycu satisfied our giant appetites and just as regularly wracked your brain to know what to get under the conditions provided you. But this is but half.

To another side of us you ministered equally well. Your lips

were first to teach us of a great God. Following your utterance

we lisped our baby prayers. Seated at your knees we listened

to stories of truth and bravery and because of your admiration for the good and noble we vowed to be so. Surely because of

these things and many more unnamed we must say with honored

Lincoln: "All that we are or ever hope to be, we owe to our

angel mothers;"or agree with Richter when he said, "To the

*Read at an M. I. A. Assembly met to honor parents.

604 IMPROVEMENT ERA

man who has had a good mother all women are sacred for her sake."The likeness of the love you have given us, dear mothers, is not equaled in this mortal state. No matter how callous or ungrateful we were, yet it enfolded us. Well did Kipling say:

"If I were hanged on highest hill,

Mother mine, O mother O mine!

I know whose love would follow me still,

Mother mine, O mother O mine!

If I were drowned in the deepest sea,

Mother O mine, O mother O mine!

I know whose tears would come down to me,

Mother O mine, O mother mine!

If I were cursed of body and soul,

Mother O mine, O mother O mine!

I know whose prayers would make me whole,

Mother mine, O mother O mine!

But our tribute is only partially given. You, our dear fathers,

are not forgotten. You were the brave knights of our childhood. All tales of hardihood and daring found in you a suitable setting. For your homecoming we watched expectantly

hours before you could possibly arrive. You were our playmate in romps. Your back was the first on which we gleefully

rode. Your foot and knee were better horses than we have

found since, because their motion was guided by fatherly love.

Upon all fours you sorted us equally well as dog or bear. You

cared more for boys than for straw stacks, and we shall ever remember our joys of "Bunker Hill."

You were seldom going to far, nor were you in too big a hurry but that we might go, and if driving you often let us hold the lines.

Often you wore your old suit another year that we might have new ones. Continually you breasted the severest of storms

that we might be in comfort.

You were the companion of our childhood, the ideal of our youth and the standard of our manhood. You made us partners

with you in your business. You gave us nickles and dimes,

colts and calves to be indeed our very own. You trained us in

thrift and industry and gave us a heritage of self reliance that shall be to us a lasting blessing.

And now, dear parents, may we pay you tribute jointly?

You made a house a home. You took turns reading us stories.

You played games with us. You taught us to love good books

and good companions. You made our home an Eden. For us

the street had no charms, and from indecent stories we fled as from poisonous snakes. You blessed us with good bodies, unONR TRIBUTE OF LOVE 105

encumbered with inherent weaknesses. You implanted within us

faith in God and trust in humanity. You gave us a name,

noble and untarnished. You set us an example in devotion to all

that is noble and Godlike, and pointed an ideal from which we cannot side step, even should we wish. Surely we must call you

blessed and do you honor all our days, for if we fall below the best there is in us we shall have proved ungrateful to you and undeserving of your trust.

Montpelier, Idaho.

Tobacco Men Shaky About Publicity

By Will H. Brawn

A man who had been brought into court for trial was very nervous. In the hope of calming him the Judge said: "Don't

worry; I'll see that you get justice."With blanched face the

defendant blurted out: "That's just what I'm afraid of!"

A topic much discussed in the tobacco organs has been as to whether or not a "tobacco exposition"should be held in some large city. Such a move would no doubt be pleasing to antitobacco workers in general, for it would surely furnish them

with a lot of good arguments against the business. In the "good

old days"when "personal liberty"talk was heard in connection with the fight against liquor, some boozer suggested organizing "liberty parades"throughout the country as a protest against the rising tide in favor of prohibition, but a distiller headed off the proposition by declaring:

"Never! If people e\er saw you fellows together in a bunch

it would be the end of the liquor business!"The parades were

never held.

The Tobacco Leaf, which has labored earnestly to keep tobacco men in the "safety zone"of public opinion, is shaky about holding a tobacco exposition, saying editorially: "This industry has men who detect great danger in some kinds of publicity that, to the ordinaiy publicity man, would appear to be

both innocent and helpful. We in the tobacco industryknow

that the trade is constantly on trial before public opinion. We

know that legislatively and hygienically it is always tvalking on: zed, hidthin ice, and it has many enemies, individual and organ

den and exposed."

"Walking on thin ice,"is certainly the truth about tobacco, in view of the rising tide against the whole business.

Oakland, Cal.

Woman's Highest Honor—Motherhood

By Caddie Davis

The Latterday Saints have often been ridiculed on account of their belief in the preexistence of spirits, and in marrying for time and for all eternity, both being Bible doctrines.

A lady may ask: Where did I come from? What is my

origin? What am I doing here? Whither am I going? And

what is my destiny, after having obeyed the truth, if faithful to the end?

We will endeavor to answer the questions in brief, as we understand them.

We understand that our heavenly Father has worked out a plan for man's sahation. They who kept their first estate

shall be added upon, and they who kept their second estate shall be added upon for ever and ever. Among the Latterday

Saints one Bible quotation has become a maxim to the effect that to be perfect in the sight of the Lord, man is not without the wom>an nor the woman without the man. We believe that

marriage is a part of that plan. We are told in Ecclesiastes

3:14, that "whatsoever God doeth, it shall be forever:"nothing

can be put to it, nor anything taken from it, so marriage was not for time alone but for all eternity. The Latterday Saints'

salvation is not complete without marriage and that in the temple.

After marriage the Latterday Saint girl by the name wife, must endeavor to gain greater heights. The priesthood is not

received nor held nor exercised in any degree by the women of the Church; but nevertheless the women of the Church enjoy the

blessings of the priesthood through their husbands. This emphasizes very strongly the importance of marriage. During

wifehood the woman prepares herself for a greater work, that greater work is the sacred one of motherhood.

You will remember that the commandments given to Adam and, E\e were that they should multiply and replenish the earth.

We believe that in heaven there were and are many spirits ready to come down here and take bodies; our heavenly Father

had to prepare some way to receive those spirits, and he gave that great work to the mothers. Now we see that marriage,

WOMAN'S HIGHEST HONOR 607

wifehood, and moherhood, are closely related. Every woman

in the Church of mature age and worthiness, who is amhitious to attain to exaltation and glory hereafter should get married, should be sealed to a man for time and all eternity.

Now we conceive that woman came from the hand of God who made it her mission and duty in coming on earth to become a mother.

We cannot conceive that the holy mother bemoaned any limitations of her sex, but she has been an object of adoration all the centuries because she glorified womanhood by being richer in love, pity, unselfish devotion and intuition than man.

It is much more whole and holy to be a mother than to be artist, orator, professor, or expert. But we fear that modern woman, at

least, in more ways than one, is in danger of declining from her sphere or the plan God made her duty, by following other professions than motherhood. Thus she is coming to lack, confidence and pride in her sex as such, and is just now in danger

of lapsing into mannish ways, methods, ideals, until her original divinity may be obscured.

There certainly are not duties more sacred; none more honorable, none more sweetly resting under the constant benediction of heaAen than those of the mother. There is no other

being who can do so much for a child as she, there is no one else who can do so much for a motherless child as a Christian woman.

Man cannot take her place, and she can never leave it or neglect its duties without dishonor to herself and disaster to society.

To be charged with the Christian nurture and training of the rising generation is to hold the highest and most momentous trust that has ever been placed in human hands.

The safety of society—nay the salvation of the world is involved in it, not emperor nor president can honor himself more

than by honoring the woman who does her duty to the young and neither has the power to confer an office of greater dignity than that with which God crowns every Christian mother.

The woman who trains her family and rules her household well, fills and honors the highest office the world has for her;

and whenever a wife or mother steps out of such a place she steps down even though her steps lead her to a throne, for all the steps that woman takes, without a recognition of the fact that her highest office is that of presiding over a family, all the steps that she takes with the idea that there is something better and higher than home and its trusts and duties, are downward steps, thronged with mischief to her and disaster to the future of society.

608 IMPROVEMENT ERA g

While, if they fill their Christian duty, crowns, thrones exaltation and dominions are in resen e for them in the eternal worlds, and the way is opened for them to return back into the presence of the heavenly Father, if they will only abide by, and walk in a celestial law, fulfil the designs of their creation, and hold out to the end, that when mortality is laid in the tomb they will go down to their grave in peace, arise in glory, and receive their everlasting reward in the resurrection of the just along with their head and husband.

Sugar, Idaho.

You Are A Believer

By Joseph S. Peery

President Levi Edgar Young had addressed the missionaries, on Temple Block, on conscience being a strong evidence of our divine origin.

The next day a guide applied the instruction given. He

was talking on faith in God, quoting President Abraham Lincoln as saying, "If God is with me, I cannot fail."

An aged gentleman said, "I don't belie\e anything of what you are saying."

The guide answered, "Why, brother, you are a believer."

The aged tourist retaliated, "No, I am a skeptic."

Not to be daunted, the guide continued: "I can see in your

face that you are a believer. You are an honorable man of

earth. You keep your word, stand well in the community where

you live, and you know the difference between right and wrong, don't you?"

The gentleman assented, and the guide followed by asking, "What is that thing within you that checks you when you go wrong and encourages you in doing right?"

The stranger answered, "I don't know."

The guide remarked, "Neither did Kant, the philosopher, know, who wrote that two things baffled his comprehension:

First, the starry heavens: secondly, the power of man to designate right from wrong. Brother, the reason is on account of

your faith in God. He wants you, and is working to save you

with his Holy Spirit."

The man came up to the guide later on, shook hands with him, and said: "I have met some of your missionaries and

like your doctrine better than any other."He went away a

friend, in a receptive mood, to learn more of the good word.

L. D. S. University Leadership Week

By Herman J. Wells, Head of English Department, Latterday Saints

University

That the splendid facilities of the Latterday Saints University can be effectively used by all its patrons was unmistakably demonstrated at its first Leadership Week program, conducted frcm February 12 to 16, 1923. During these five days the school

opened its doors to the leaders in various branches of religious

Left to right: I'rufessur A. N. Men ill, of the U. Y. U., who lectured on

"The Test of Good Teaching,"in the TeacherTraining department (elementary teachers'section) of the L. D. S. Leadership school; Dr. Hugh M. Woodward, of the B. Y. U., who lectured on "Laws Underlying the Teaching

Process"(adults'section); Professor Loiter Bhrnason. of the U. of U.,

who lectured on "The Technique of Teaching,"(adults section).

service in the nine stakes in and around Salt Lake City, i. e., Ensign, Salt Lake, Pioneer, Liberty, Granite, Cottonwood, Jordan,

Tooele, and South Davis. Cooperating with the general, stake

and ward authorities, the faculty arranged a series of lectures, demonstrations, exhibits, and discussions to be given by experts, in the various fields of Church activity. Sunday School, Primary, Relief Society, Religion Class, Y. M. M. I. A., Y. L. M. I. A.,

BeeHive, TeacherTraining (elementary, intermediate, and adult), Genealogy, and Music were the particular types of work handled during the week.

610 IMPROVEMENT ERA

That the invitations to this "roundup"were appreciated is evidenced by the fact that fully 3500 people attended the general sessions and the attendance in the departments each evening was from 1,200 to 1,500. Members of general and stake

boards were in regular attendance.

The sessions were addressed by religious and educational authorities thoroughly equipped to discuss the subjects they treated. Some of the speakers who contributed to the success of

the week were: President

A. W. Ivins of the First

Presidency, Elders George F. Richards, Jos. F. Smith,

and Richard R. Lyman, of

the council of the Twelve, Elder Levi Edgar Young of the First Council of Seventy, President Clarissa S. Williams of the Relief

Society, President Guy C.

Wilson, of the L. D. S. U.,

Dean Milton Bennion, L.

H. Weir, Field Secretary

of the Playground and Recreation Association of America, Dr. George H. Brimhall, Dr. Hugh Woodward,

Mrs Amy B. Lyman, Prest.

Nephi L. Moirris, Prest.

Hugh J. Cannon, Mr. D,

E. Hammond, Prof. F. W.

Reynolds, Mrs. Annie

President Guy C. Wilson, of the L. D. S. Lynch, Prof. L. John NutUniversity, who inaugurated Leadership tal, Prof. Lofter Bjarnaweek for Salt Lake City and surrounding

stakes. son, Judge Hugo B. Anderson, Dr. E. E. Erickson,

Mrs. Susa Young Gates, Prof. A. N. Merrill, Dr. Fred J. Pack,

Dr. George Thomas, Supt. George N. Child, Miss Rose Jones,

Dr. E. G. Gowans, Mr. Thos. E. McKay, Miss Mabel Frazer and

Bishop Jos. Christensen.

Most interesting and profitable among the features of the week were the numerous demonstrations conducted in the departments. The spiritual development of the Sunday school

child, the ward conference, the teacher's preparation hour, the socialized recitation, BeeHive work, the Sunday school business meeting, and Senior class organization in Mutual, were all subjects for graphic portrayal.

L. D. S. UNIVERSITY LEADERSHIP WEEK. 611

The program was launched with a general meeting in the

Assembly Hall at 7 p. m., Monday, February 12. Dr. James

E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve, and President A. W.

Ivins, of the First Presidency, were the speakers, the former discussing "Priesthood, the Vital Power of Leadership,"and the latter, "The Relationship of Auxiliary Associations to the

Priesthood and the Mission of Auxiliary Associations."

Departmental meetings were held each evening for the

Dr. George Thomas, president of the. University of Utah, tvho lectured

on "The Test of Good Teaching"in the Teacher'Training department (adult section) of tJie L. D. S. Leadership school.

next three evenings. From 7-8 p. in. three teachertraining

meetings were conducted, one in the Assembly Hall for teachers of elementary classes, one in Barrett Hall for teachers of intermediate classes, and one in the Bishop's Building for teachers of adults. "Laws underlying the Teaching Process,""Technique

of Teaching,"and "The Test of Good Teaching,"were the subjects discussed. These sessions were followed at 8 p. m. by

meetings in various Church and school buildings for the other departments mentioned above. A glance at a few of the problems discussed at these departmental meetings will serve to

612 IMPROVEMENT ERA show how vitally l.hey entered into the interests of those who

attended. "Translation of Religion Class Ideals into Behavior,"

"Social Values of Recreation,"'Management of Ward Dances,""Improving the Ward Picture Show,""Religious Needs of Boys and Girls of the Formative Period,'* "State Laws Affecting Human Welfare,""Family Organization,""The Conservation of the

Spiritual Nature of the Child,""Religion in Life,""Making

Leaders in M. I. A.,""History of Temples,"and "Temple Records,"were some of the many subjects which came up for intelligent analysis and discussion.

Special sessions for choristers and organists were conducted at the L. D. S. Schoiol of

Vfusic on all of these evenings.

A collection of paintings, the work of prominent local artists, was exhibited each day from 2 to 9 p. m. in the

Brigham Young Memorial Building.

The week's activity concluded with a general session a,t 6:30 on Friday evening

at which President Nephi L.

Morris, of the Salt Lake srake, spoke on "The Responsibility of Leadership."President Guy C. Wilson, of the L.

D. S. U., reviewed the week's

activities and their purpose.

Music for this session was provided by Robert S. Fisher

and the Chaminade Ladies Chorus, the latter organization being directed by Prof.

A. C. Lund.

The faculty of the L. D. S. U.

planned and conducted the activites of the week and are Superintendent George N. Child, of largely responsible for its sucthe Salt Lake City schools, who lectured on "The Test of Good Teachcess. While most of their

ing,"in the TeacherTraining departwork was in the background, ment of the L. D. S. U. Leadership too much credit could scarschool cely be given such willing

and efficient workers as Frank K. Seegmiller, P. J. Jensen, I. O. Horsefall, Arthur

Welling, James E. Moss, F. Y. Fox, and their associates and coworkers in this important undertaking.

Flatterday Saint High School faculty in executive session, preparatory to the activities of Leadership week. Salt Lake City, Utah.

An aspect of TeacherTraining work—The teachers'preparation hourdemonstration lesson conducted by Eugene Hilton of the Granite stake

Sunday school board, L. D. S. Leadership Week:

Left to right George C. Lloyd, Alta M. Thomas, Eugene Hilton, who

conducted teachers'perparation hour; Herman Wells, who conducted officers'business meeting during Leadersliip week; and Asahel H. Woodruff,

Jr. Arthur Perschon, who assisted, was not present when photo was taken.

sjmim iMirniitiiiiii iiiriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii nit inn mi minim mmmmiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiimmmmimiiiiiiiiiiir- I 1

I I i "= A Poet's Spring Lament

To the Associate Editor of the Improvement Era,

I am serious minded, Dear Friend:—You know that

you know that I am an admirer of simple truths; and

| you also realize, do you not? that it is quite in my

1 heart to comply with your request for a poem "On 1 Spring."The subject is 50 new. As there is an annual

spring time, and that the gentle season has been written

I upon by the poets for a thousand years, one ought to be 1 able to grind out a few original thoughts upon that

I theme. And yet

\ I'd like to write some May Idyls,

Some blossom "stuff"in wildbird trills,

I'd like to roll on daffodils,

Then up and dance the "Spring Quadrills";

I'd listen where the glad lark shrills,

And lamblike gambol on the hills.

But now to cure the season's ills, 1 I'm taking dandelion pills;

The uplift stuff the spirit wills

Don't go, I've got the ague, chills,

I long to roam beside the hills

But rheumatix ambition kills;

I'd wander where the farmer tills,

But have a cold that yells for sqills;

Life's nectar that the poet swills

Sounds in my head like water mills;

My jaws the vernal toothache grills,

And "rent day"comes for domiciles,

O, anguish dire my bosom fills,

I\e not yet paid my Christmas bills!

I Alfred Lambourne.

itmiiMimmiiimiimmmiiimiimmmiimiiimiimimimmmmiiiiiiimiiimm mmiimimmiimmi miiiiimiiiimmiiiiimiiimmi miff barts andffo/fyhochs l/J Story ofLove, Struggle and Society} J{uthMoenchDell

Chapter IX Sheriff Heron, remembering other days, made it easy as possible for John and Edna. He greeted them as he would

have greeted two friends whom he had not seen for some time.

He removed the handcuffs at once. On the way home, he gave

them many a little period without his presence. His task seemed

as unpleasant to him as it was to them.

As they neared their home state, familiar faces met and recognized them. How they dreaded each station that brought

them nearer home. It was a comfort now to Edna to know that

her mother would not suffer the knowledge of their homecoming. Sheriff Heron had brought word of her death which

had occurred soon after Edna had left for New York to be with

John.

The memory of the little girl, whose days were made miserable because children twitted her about her father being a jailbird, came up often before John and Edna. They were glad

no near relatives need suffer on account of them.

Sheriff Heron had remembered John's fondness for poetry and even his favorite. He had brought along a copy of each of

John's bestbeloved poets, Whitman, Service, Browning. John

got through many a tedious hour of the journey reading and memorizing poems. Edna could not settle her mind to read.

She could only sit and gaze out of the car window and think and plan.

In their home town the news that they had been found at last, made a sensation. It was considered of enough importance

that the Daily Blade put out an extra. The day it came out,

Judith had been motoring into the country, and returning, had stopped at a tea room for some refreshments before going home.

She had not been within reach of the phone when word came for Sheriff Heron to go for his prisoners. She had just overheard a conversation from one of the booths which had given

her something to think about. She had heard her husband

called a shark and unprincipled money grabber. At least she

supposed her husband had been the one meant since the occupants of the booth, coming out, had seen her and colored and otherwise given evidence of uneasiness.

They had been central figures in the town for some time.

616 IMPROVEMENT ERA

she and Phil, on account of his rapidly increasing wealth. The

idea that some did not share in the homage the crowd gave them, was a disquieting thought to Judith. Even the newsboy's

cry of "Extra! Extra!"failed to rouse her.

"Oh, Judith, did you get one?"Kate Blakeston was at her

table, impetuous and unceremonious as ever. As one sure of her

welcome, she dropped into the chair opposite Judith and spread out her Extra, "They've caught them! They've caught them at

last, Judith,"Mrs. Blakeston gasped, "Just read this."She laid

the paper before Judith, her finger indicating the headlines, "John Shirly Apprehended."

Judith read and her hand quivered. She felt a smothering

sensation as if she were about to faint.

"Isn't it great?"Kate Blakeston continued. "Won't your

husband gloat, though."

"Gloat?"The word coming after that disturbing conversation jarred on Judith's sensibilities. Was Kate merely

excited and careless with her words, as usual, or did she mean exactly that, "gloat"? The thought took her mind, for the moment off the fact that Edna and John were coming home under

the care of the Sheriff.

"And Edna is coming with him,"Kate Blakeston rattled on.

"Think of her nerve. I wouldn't face this town after that, not

for forty old husbands like John Shirley. She certainly has stuck

to her handsome criminal. Maybe she won't feel so much like

sticking when she finds how much this town can snub her. Your

husband can get his revenge now. The detectives have done

wonderfully in hounding the fellow down."

"Revenge,""hounding,"Judith winced. She had never

noticed before how wild Kate was in her speech. As a bosom

friend of Judith's, Kate had always been a most enthusiastic admirer of Phil. And here she was talking of him as if he were

a stage villain. "Perhaps the fault is with myself today,"Judith

conjectured. "Perhaps L am supersensitive because of the remarks I overheard about Phil."

So Edna was coming home again! Edna her dearest of all

friends. She thought of Edna's sensitive nature and her devotion to John. It would be a terrible ordeal for her even if

every one were kind. Kate's canversation indicated that they

would be anything but kind. Judith excused herself from the

loquacious Kate and hastened home.

The trouble of her girlhood friend hurt; but something

else came nearer home just then. She crumpled the newspaper

in her hand. Somebody had said that her husband had lost

something more precious than wealth, had called him a shark.

Somebody else blunderingly or meaningly had spoken of him as

HEARTS AND HOLLYHOCKS 617

gloating, hounding. She could not bear to think of those hateful words in connection with her husband. She was thinking of

this when her Phil came in. And unconsciously, quite unconsciously, she searched his face for that missing something he

had lost.

Phil glanced at the paper in her hand but made no comment. They seldom discussed anything. An offhand remark,

a superficial comment and then each was off to his own interests.

"Oh, mother, listen to this new record,"young Phil, Jr.

burst in'o the room "It's one of Dafaure's latest records It's an old thing but it's a crackerjack when Dufaure sings it."

The full, rich tones of the baritone seemed to have life.

They seemed to reach out into the room and Judith felt as if they had caught hold of her heart and held it quivering. This

had been the favorite song of their courting days, hers and

Phil's. How many times they had sung it together! How many

times they had pictured themselves as growing old to it's melody and ideal. She had not heard it for years. "And now we are

growing Old, Maggie, and the trials of life nearly done."

Judith felt the tears smarting her eyes. That was to have

been their closing chapter. Hand in hand, heart in heart, as only

years of tender confidences and sweet intimacies can make to one. She glanced at her husband. Was he, too, stirred by the

old memories? Did he, too, realize how far they had strayed

from their early ideal. His brows were knitted in irritation.

"I wish you'd turn off that wretched noise, Phil,"he jerked out. What you people find in such stuff beats me, anyhow."

Judith took up her newspaper and fled to her room. She

couldn't cry. She couldn't think. It was true, terribly true.

And others had been first to sense the alltoo-apparent change.

irrevocably, she feared, that elusive He had lost—lost

something not to be weighed against wealth. It was all so new,

so overwhelming, she wanted to get away from it for awhile before she faced it with resolution.

She picked up the paper and read the account. It was two

years since Edna and John had fled from disgrace and justice.

Judith's throat ached with pain of it all as she read of the sickness, privations, hardships, despair of the two. Their splendid

pitiful devotion to each other! Edna's heroic sharing of the

misery. Her efforts to keep up her husband's spirits! Her

hourly fear that he would be taken! The times without number

when she had started up from sleep, dreaming that he had been found!

Judith read while every nerve in her body throbbed with the pity of it all. Their beautiful love had made real again

618 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the early years of their marriage. She forgot the episode of the

evening! Forgot that she and her beloved had broken apart

and "the splinters"were neither "fresh"nor "fine."Impulsively

she caught up the paper and hurried down to her husband.

"Phil, dear,"she cried, "this can't happen. They have

suffered enough. We haven't missed the money! The loss

was ours alone. The law will cease to prosecute them if you

say, 'enough!'",

Phil stared at her uncomprehendingly.

"Oh, it is enough, dear. Think of poor Edna! Think of

John! Think of all they've gone through! Release them, dear,

let them go. Heaven only knows why he did it. But he's

surely been punished enough. Make them leave him alone,

dearest, or it will break my heart."

Phil's reply cut cruelly. "You must be crazy, Jude, My

honor is at stake. A man doesn't keep high priced detectives on a

criminal's trail for two years to make fools of them and a fool of himself at last. He did it to feed her vanity, if you

want to know why he did it. He didn't need it for himself.

He did it to help her keep up with this infernal social set you\e got here. The only decent thing she could do was to stay with

him after she got him into the mess."

"But it is Edna, dear, Edna and John,"his wife pleaded.

"Your John, my Edna! Why, you and John went fishing together when you were boys! Edna was the first I told of our engagement. Together we brushed and braided our hair at night

and told each other of the events of the day ever since we were girls. Then she'd run across the lawn to her house or I'd run

over to mine blowing each other our goodnight kisses! I can't

let you prosecute him, dear, I can't, I can't!"

"I'm afraid you'll have very little to do with it, Jude,"Phil replied coldly, resuming his paper. "And don't interfere in my

affairs again, unless you can be sensible."

"Sending him to jail can do no good. It can only feed your

revenge. They used to send men to jail for their debts and

thus make it impossible for them to pay them. Some day the

folly of sending others to jail as we do now, will be seen. He

has suffered so terribly, Phil. He will never do it again."

"No, I guess he won't,"Phil sneered.

"And nobody, reading'of his experience would think of following his example."

"That's enough, Jude,"Phil dismissed her curtly, as if she had been a despised clerk. "They'll be here soon and the law

shall take its course."

Judith, with one long, despairing glance at her husband, turned away. The utter futility of pleading was all too apparHEARTS AND HOLLYYHOCKS 6l9

ent. And yet he had been the tenderest of husbands. His complete detachment from herself and lack of consideration for her

feelings or viewpoint meant more than she dared to admit even to herself.

Perhaps he had not taken time to read of the wanderings of the two. Perhaps if she left the paper near, his curiosity,

after all she had said, might draw him on to read the details of their lives for those two years when his detectives were trailing them. She hopefully laid the paper on the table at his elbow and went to her room. There she sat for hours to think,

and finally went to bed to toss and think. Sleep was impossible

and still she had not thought it out. She. did make one resolution before dawn and that helped her to doze off for a few

minutes. (To be continued)

The Spring

how marvelous is the spring, Such a live pulsating thing.

Bees and birds are humming, singing,

All of nature's voices ringing,

And the heart within me sings how glorious is the spring.

I How inspiring is the spring,

Buds are bursting, ev'rything Pushing upward, struggling forth

From the womb of mother earth.

Who can estimate the power Of the spring's awakening hour?

Glorious spring, how surprising,

Like a resurrection morn;

Ev'rything again arising That in winter died forlorn.

Can I doubt the resurrection When I see the spring's perfection?

I Every bird its voice upraises Singing forth its Maker's praises.

Not a melancholy note Issues from a single throat.

Let me, too, stand forth and sing

Praises, in the glorious spring.

Shelley, Idaho Joseph H. Dean

Jim Wilcox "a Daddy"

By D. C. Retsloff

For the first time since little skinny Jim Wilcox had been a daddy, he was disturbed as he walked home from work.

Julia, his wife, almost filling the doorway, stood watching for him and the eight children rolled their round eyes in astonishment at the sight of their "Daddy's"unusually sober face.

"Get the pork and beans on the table,"said Julia, turning to the twins; and you, Jack, bring the wash things out to the

bench."The smaller children and the two year old baby stood by to see their "Daddy"splash, splutter, and blow, a combination resembling a duck and a whale. Tonight, however, they were

disappointed; Jim was very much subdued. He hurried through

his washing, hurried through his supper, hurried as he milked the goat, and then took Julia by the arm and tried to hurry her down the beach to an old wrecked lifeboat half buried in the sand. "Mommer,"he said, "I'm worried."

Julia puffed as she lowered her two hundred pounds of flesh and bone in a hollow that grew deeper as she settled, leaned back against the hull and looked expectant.

"Yes, Mommer, I'm worried."

Julia quit settling, "What has gone wrong? What you got

to worry about, Jim? Ain'tjhe cracks big enough in the north

side of the house for you to hear the first clang of the fire bell?

Ain't you been getting wet enough every Sunday all season helping the life saving crew practice launching the lifeboats? Ain't

the winter coming on when all the family will need waterproof shoes? Ain't sugar and flour and hog meat as high as ever?"

She paused for breath and great heaves seemed to swell her already huge form to the bursting point.

Letting his gaze wander across the sand dunes to the white breakers on the incoming tide, Jim repeated: "Yes, Mommer,

I'm worried; not about any of the things you mention, but

at something the boss told me to do today."

Julia let a handful of sand sift through her pudgy fingers, puffed out her full cheeks and asked: "What did pigeye tell

you to do?"

JIM WILCOX "A DADDY"621

"Don't call him 'pigeye', Julia, sometime you'll forget and say it before the children."

"That's what he is, just the same,"Julia half wheezed. "We

are by ourselves, and if a woman feels free to speak her mind it is when she's in the presence of her mate. Now, what'd

Cy Skinner tell you to do?"

"He told me to take coal from the Hawkes'house and from the Wells'cottage and put it in his coal house. Then to

load up the pile of fireplace logs Mrs. Blair left at *Spindrift'

and put them along with the coal."

Julie shrugged, studied the afterglow of the sunset for a moment, and then boldly declared, "Cy Skinner's a thief."

"I can't think that, Julia. See how the company trusts him.

John Burke trusts him, and Burke is the big man of the concern.

Mrs. Blair trusted him; he did lots of work for her this past

summer.""John Burke only comes down once a month."Julia still

studied the rose and gold of the western sky. "Cy Skinner could

steal him dumb and blind. He ain't got any right to that wood

and coal. I ain't a single doubt, Cy Skinner's a thief."She

rolled over in the sand and slowly pulled herself up beside the scarred hull. "You mark my words, he's a thief."

Jim Wilcox had more than the usual amount of respect for his colossus of a wife, but he shook his head and muttered, "I can't believe that, Mommer."

The next week he began hauling cement and sand for a new bridge over "Tidegrass Slough."As he was climbing up on a

wagon with a load of cement Cy Skinner signalled him to wait.

Lowering his usually loud voice, the bo8S said: "Drive around

past my place, Jim, and drop off a bag of cement from every load you haul today."

There was a sickish feeling in the pit of Jim's stomach and his voice was weak as he asked: "Who's going to pay for them,

Mr. Skinner?"

"You should worry,"Cy's face reddened.

"Yes, I should, Mr. Skinner, I should worry. I'm working

for the company, and I know where this cement should go. Why

must I drop a sack from every load? I want to know who will

pay for the sacks that I leave at your barn."

"You throw them off according to my orders, that's all it's necessary for you to know. I'm boss of these works, and it's none

of your durned business who pays for them."Cy's "pigeyes"

blazed.

Jim dropped from the hub on which he was standing. Dropped so close to the boss that his toes scraped against the tall

622 IMPROVEMENT ERA man's round stomach. "It is my business, Cy Skinner. John

Burke trusts me. I've got fi\e boys growing up. How'd they

feel if theyknew I was stealing?"

"Oh, ho! Preaching is another of your many accomplishments, is it?"sneered Cy, spitting tobacco juice from his loose

mouth. "You needn't work on this end of the job."

"And you needn't waste your breath in telling me, Cy Skinner. I'll not work on any end of it, so long as you are boss. I'll

report you to Mr. Burke."

"What'd you say?"Cy whirled on his heel, "You durned

little shrimp! I'd slap your face if you were not so insignificant.

Don't you know better than to throw up a job when times are hard? You poor, shriveled idiot, with winter coming on and a

family to keep. Report, and be durned. If I hear that you've

opened your mouth, 111 find a way to shut it up for keeps. Understand?"

"Stop!"Jim stretched to his full height. "Stop! or I'll

use this horsewhip on you. You can't scare me, even if you are

boss here."He spat a frothy mass toward Cy Skinner, flung the

whip down and walked away from the wagon.

Julia's huge shape shook with laughter when Jim told her how he had scraped Cy's stomach, but by the time he had reached the final scene there were tears in her eyes.

"Served him right, Jim. It takes a mighty good man to do

what you've just done. I'm glad you called him a thief—that's

just what he is!"

"I didn't call him a thief, Julia. I said I couldn't steal. I

don't know but what I was foolish to quit work. Winter's coming and we got to eat."

Julia patted his shoulder, "Never mind about the job, Jim, there's always a way for the living. We'll manage somehow."

That night Jim could not sleep. He turned and twisted in

his narrow bed space, and when the clock struck twelve he got up.

A full moon flooded the dunes below the house and turned the water of the ocean into an endless stretch of quivering silver. Jim sat on the end of the wash bench. All at once he

heard the sound of a wagon crossing the culvert leading from "Spindrift."Without stopping he grabbed a sheet from the

wash hanging on the line and ran down the bluff. As the wagon

rounded a bend, the horses stopped suddenly and snorted.

In the middle of the road stood a single ghostlike figure.

A few years before there had been found under the culvert bridge the body of a murdered man. There was many a tale

told by superstitious persons of how on nights when the moon

JIM WILCOX UA DADDY"623

was full, the spirit of the dead man haunted the scene of the crime.

Jim thought of that as he stood motionless in his white drapery. He heard an exclamation, an oath, and then the sound of

rapid footsteps. He cautiously peered through the end of the

sheet and saw a tall man scrambling up the opposite side of the bluff. Placing his fingers in his mouth, the ghost blew a shrill

whistle, letting it die away in a sort of longdrawn wail. He

chuckled as he heard the footfalls grow fainter and finally lose themselves in the noise of the waves.

When he was sure he was alone, he dropped his white covering and started for the wagon. As he was about to climb up on

the load, he saw something black beside the wheel. He picked it

up, turned the horses and drove back to the Blair cottage.

On the pergolaco\ ered drive he unhitched the team and headed them toward the barns of the construction company.

They were the animals he had driven on the cement wagon.

The next morning he went down where Cy Skinner was superintending the loading of the wagons and said, as he held up a black hat: "Here is the hat you lost last night down at 'Spindrift'culvert. I unloaded the furniture and put it back in the

cottage."Without waiting for a reply he turned and hurried

to the post office. He asked for and received the eastern address

of Mrs. Blair and proceeded to the telegraph office where he

sent this message:

"Cy Skinner stealing furniture and wood from 'Spindrift.'

"Jim Wilcox."

Then he went home and told Julia what he'd done and added: "Mommer, I'm convinced against my will that you are

right about Cy Skinner, I think he was the man on the load last night."

"'Course, he was, Jim. He's a thief. I told you so. Though

of course Mrs. Blair wouldn't miss the price of the furniture."

"That's not here nor there, Mommer. She has confidence

in us as a village. She thinks we're an honest people. John

Burke takes a squint around 'Spindrift'every time he comes down and I suppose that's all the caretaker she thinks she needs. A man who won't try to protect a lone widow ain't much

of a man."A few days later Jim was served with a notice that the house in which he lived had been sold to Cy Skinner and he must vacate immediately.

"Where will we go?"Julia for once could not muster up a

smile. "The rainy season is coming and we've nothing saved

up for moving expenses."

"Never mind, Mommer,"Jim stood on tiptoe and put

624 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his arm around her neck. "Never mind, just the other day you

told me there 'was always a way for the living.'We'll find

something.

He scurried through the village hunting shelter for his family. The few vacant houses had all been rented by Cy Skinner.

He spent several anxious hours and another sleepless night, and when the morning came he announced to the family that they would go into winter quarters, in tents among the dunes.

Julia shook her head dismally and kept on shaking it in spite of the enthusiasm which took hold of her children when their "Daddy"extolled a "Winter camp on the sea shore."

It was barely dawn, the sky was gray and a mist falling when

Jim began to move their belongings down the bluff to a sheltered spot behind a long range of dunes where one large and two small kahkicolored tents stood waiting the "Winter Colony."

Each child followed him, carrying some cherished article a kelp basket, a broken phonograph horn, a lank geranium struggling for existence in a tomato can, a much marred airgun, a bantam hen.

The mist turned to a drizzle. The driftwood fire sputtered,

the wind from the west blew the smoke into the large tent where the family huddled over the remnants of a bologna and cracker lunch. Jim was wet to the skin, and Julia was trying to persuade him to draw on a pair of her outsize woolen stockings

under his rubber boots, when the kind face of John Burke appeared among the smoke clouds.

"I'm mighty 'fraid I'll spoil your chances on this duck farm,"he said with a laugh as he handed Jim a yellow paper.

The whole family crowded close to the little "Daddy"and pricked their ears so as not to miss a syllable while he read aloud "If Jim Wilcox is reliable have him move into 'Spindrift'cottage and take care of the place.

"Ruth Blair."

His rainchilled fingers trembled, for an instant he looked at John Burke, then his eyes swept over his bedraggled brood.

He covered his face with his hands to hide the tears that he could not check.

The children did not understand the situation. When they

saw their usually cheerful "Daddy"weeping, the whole vicinity of the dunes resounded with their shrill wails.

"Hush!"commanded Julia. "Hush, every one of you.

Don't you understand that we're going to live at 'Spindrift?'

Your Daddy is to be the caretaker, so Cy Skinner won't have a chance to lug the whole place off. Gather up your pretties

and come on. Let's get in out of the rain."

JIM WILCOX "A DADDY"625

Jim Wilcox looked after his wife and children and sighed, "I can't move in there Mr. Burke."

"Why?"Because things in that cottage are too fine for us. Why,

when I unloaded the furniture the other night there were pieces I'd never seen before, and I haven't the hint of an idea what they're used for. Honest, Mr. Burke, as much as I need

roof to shelter my family, I can't take advantage of a widow.

If my children should get an appetite for fine things like those at 'Spindrift'and then by and by have to leave them think what a blow it'd be. The meanest trick a Daddy can play

on his children is to give them something when they're little that he'll blame them for wanting when they're big."

John Burke rubbed his eyes, stooped and picked up the bantam hen, "Come on, Jim, come on. For the present you'll

stay there and watch the place. You can write to Mrs. Blair

and explain about your family."

"Spindrift"cottage stood near the western boundary of two acres of sand and soil. The soil was on a gently sloping

bluff at the eastern extremity of the little estate. A cypress

hedge marked the north and south lines of the property and along the crest of the bluff grew a row of eucalyptus with grape vines and fig trees below them. The soil had been

terraced and on the lower ones squash and pumpkin vines indicated that it was a likely garden spot.

The cottage itself was low and roomy and furnished in a manner to make the Wilcox progeny gape with wonder.

Julia spent most of her time for several days in walking from room to room stopping frequently and laughing at meeting herself in the full length mirrors on the many doors.

Jim could think of nothing but the letter he was to write to the mistress of "Spindrift."

"What shall I say?"he asked Julia for at least the twentieth

time. "What shall I say? She don't know how many we are,

and when I tell her she'll not want us here."

"Don't tell her. then,"said Julia. "She'll not be out

till April or May, and we'll at least have a roof over our heads until then."

Jim glanced at her pitifully. "I've got to write and tell

her the truth. There's no other way."

"I 'spose you're right,"Julia admitted slowly. "Look at

this little knob. Watch me pull a writing desk with pens, ink

and paper right from the wall. Stay here and write to her, get

it out of your system."

So seated at the wall desk, with soft sunset colors flooding

626 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the brownbeamed room, Jim Wilcox wrinkled his brows and wrote "I guess you never thought about me being a daddy when you sent Mr.

Burke that telegram to have me move into your nice cottage. I sent you

word about Cy Skinner, because I think every lone woman should be protected by honest men, and I knew he was stealing your things. I'd

like to stay here and be your caretaker, but I have eight children and you may think we are too many. The olives and grapes will need pruning in

the spring. If I stay I'll try to get a horse and gather cobble stones from

the beach and build you a thiefproof wood house. If you don't want so

many children living among your fine things, let me know and we will move out as soon as we get word from you.

"Respectfully, "Jim Wilcox."

Some two months later a letter bearing the Paris, France, postmark was handed to Jim through the general delivery window of the village office. The odor of violets came from

the heavy bluewhite envelope when he opened it. He wrinkled

his nose as he drew in the perfume, and without stopping hurried back through the November rain to "Spindrift"and his family.

They gathered around the open fire where the drift wood logs sent blue and yellow flames crackling up the widemouthed chimney. Holding the letter carefully with the tips of his

fingers Jim read aloud:

"I am in France, and may be away from the United States two years.

It was a sudden decision. I'm glad you are going to be the caretaker at my

cottage. I enclose a check for five hundred dollars. Buy a horse for your

work on the terraces and among the cobble stones. Let the children enjoy

everything on the place. I know from your telegram and letter that your

children will be brought up to respect the rights of others.

"Yours Sincerely, "Ruth Blair."

A smile spread over Jim's homely little face. Again he

wrinkled his nose. The winter rain beat against the windows

but he smelled only the sweet odor of violets.

San Diego, California.

The Truth

The lip of truth shall be established for ever: but a lying

tongue is but for a moment. Deceit is in the heart of them that

imagine evil: but to the counselors of peace is joy. There shall

no evil happen to the just: but the wicked shall be filled with

mischief. Lying lips are abomination to the Lord: but they

that deal truly are his delight. Proverbs 12:1923.

Helps in TeacherTraining

Written for the General Church Board of Education, by L. John Nuttali,

Brigltam Young University

ATTENTION

(To accompany Lesson 8. How We Learn, TeacherTraining Text, 1923)

The children were chattering, talking, laughing in little groups.

Two boys talked of a marble game. One boy told his sympathetic salesmates of a burn on

his hand. A group of little girls

were carefully examining a new hat belonging to one of them.

Here and there a child sat swinging his legs and looking idly around. Suddenly a voice said,

"Give me your attention, boys and girls."What did it mean? What

were they to give? Who was to

receive it? Because of some such

habitual way of saying things as this we have come many of us to have a wrong idea of attention.

Attention is not a separate part of mind. It is a word used to <le-

L. John Nuttali scribe a condition that is always

present in conscious life. We all have memories of past experiences,

imaginative plans of something, good intentions, and other things which we call knowledge. Besides this we are at any one time receiving in various

degrees sensations from all parts of the body. With all this mass of possible activities making up mental life one certain part is always more

active than the rest and others are less active or relatively inactive. Of

the part which is most active we are most conscious; therefore we say we

are paying attention to it. In other words to be attentive means to busy

the mind most actively with the things at hand. This is what the children

were doing; they were attending to various things. The teacher's problem

in calling for attention is to have the children become mentally active with the lesson to be studied. It is needless to say that learning takes place

at this point of activity, so that one must be attentive to learn.

The reasons for this importance are stated by Pillsbury to be: First,

628 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Certain it is that the object or event attended to becomes in every way more important for consciousness; it stands out above the others at the

moment, is also more likely to be remembered and to start new trains of thought."'Second, "Attention also produces an increased clearness of outline."Third, attention is selective. "In part, selection results in an increase in the clearness of the content—an clement obscure at one moment

becomes clear at the next; in part, the process selected rises from complete

obscurity to a dominating place in consciousness, a possible content is made actual at one stroke. We are concerned with it primarily in its latter

form when a stimulus that has been present but ineffective, suddenly rises to a prominent place."

With Pillsbury, we too, are interested primarily in being sure that our lessons, as stimuli, shall rise to a prominent place in the minds of the children. When this is done the children are attending. How can it be

accomplished?

Sense stimuli will attract attention according to their intensity, size, duration, and contrast with surrounding conditions. Loud sounds, bright

lights, strong odors, are all attended to involuntarily. In the dark a

light of medium brightness seems intense. In the quiet of the church,

the preacher's voice is striking. Fully as important as these facts is the

effect of change. The stopping of a clock is noticed. In. the excited

crowd calm selfcontrol gets a hearing. Children note the changes in

their surroundings. Moving things also attract. All of the above factors

are conditions of the stimulus or outside object.

Our own conditions also determine what we will attend to. We are

quite likely to notice things recently experienced. After having learned

a little quotation as a memory gem how quickly we attend to it when we read the entire poem. How often in church pupils enjoy finding in their

lesson the memory gem recently learned. The expert teacher will see

to it that the new lesson thus contains some of the good things of recently learned exercises.

Our intention or purpose will determine what we will attend to. We

listen to a political speech and remember the parts that agree with the way we intend to vote. Often it takes 'real effort to listen to the rest. If

we dislike a person and desire to harm him we see his faults. If we are

listening to a lecture because we want the information given, we do not attend to the peculiarities of speech. The magician tells us to watch the

object he puts on the table and we ignore the movements by which he performs the trick. A student who comes to class to learn a specific

thing gets it) by attending while other students will miss the point entirely.

To insure attention, therefore, it helps to develop in the learners the purpose of getting the thing to be taught. "One usually sees or hears

what one desires to see or hear or what harmonizes with the intention."

Sometimes these desires or intentions originate within the learner.

He may have inherited some ability or tendency which in expressing itself

HELPS IN TEACHERTRAINING 629

develops desire for certain things. In the instincts children are generally

alike. If a man, dressed in the costume of the Fiji Islander comes in

all attend to him. If a teacher brings something strange, all become speculative about it and it becomes the point of attention. If a fight begins,

we are all attracted. We all note the arrival of a stranger. These things

attract attention by stimulating an instinct. Some of us have attraction

for music, some for art, some for mechanics, some for human peculiarities, some for natural objects. Under such conditions we attend involuntarily

or by what we call native involuntary attention.

But perhaps we have been questioned by others about something. We

are ashamed of our lack of knowledge and determine to appear better next time. Whenever any information along this particular line is presented, we

attend because of this acquired interest. Our intention to learn causes us

to enjoy busying our mind with the facts, problems, and theories of this subject. This means we are attending to it.

From the above we can more easily understand the forms of attention.

When the stimulus is attractive because it appeals to an instinct or a very clearly felt desire we attend without effort and this is involuntary attention. When there is no such controlling association but we force

ourselves to become mentally active in some line we feel the exertion of effort and call it voluntary attention. This form of attention can last

only a very short time, for just an instant at any one time to the same stimulus. We can attend to a large object as long as new facts or new

relationships act as new stimuli. But learning is slow and not effective

when the attention is forced. The subject matter must create interest

so that the attention can change over to the secondary passive or nonvoluntary form. It is for this reason that we ended our former lesson by

saying that the expression of interest was attention.

Turning again for suggestions to Dr. Pillsbury, we are told that attention expresses itself in various ways. The sense organs adjust in the

most advantageous way. Pupils turn in their seat, focus the eye, bend

forward when they listen attentively or watch a performance of some kind. The voluntary muscles tend to mimic the thing to which we are attending. We jump with the athlete, we get tired in the throat listening

to singing, we lean and sway slightly with the orator, we are startled to note our posture at the theatre. Not only these special acts but all of

the muscles tend to contract when we are attending. In attention there

are random rustling movements, wandering eyes, varied positions of sitting, or consciousness of discomfort. These facts help to diagnose the situation

before us when we teach.

As teachers we need to know that practically a person can attend to only one thing at a time. A small group of four or five closely related

objects or words can be noted at once but even then, he really attends to one at a time and studies them from memory. Permit pupils to think or

read or see or hear in such a way that you do not crowd one fact as a 630 IMPROVEMENT ERA

distraction for the last one. Not only this but the attention focuses on

any one point for only a second or so. Teaching must move from part

to part so that new phases are seen and then provide review and mastery:,

Especially, do we need to think of these two points in dealing with children.

We ask a child to see the color and form of an object. He will attend to

either color or form. The knowledge of the other may be lost unless

specifically called for. We ask a child to listen and learn how a little

boy was rewarded for a good deed. Often he will not know what the

deed was. We make the child think of partaking of the sacrament with

his right hand and in remembrance of the Savior. He is conscious either

of the form or the meaning. Perhaps he uses the form correctly one Sunday, but not the next. It becomes necessary for effective teaching to keep

in mind this idea of one thing at a time. An adult hears a story and it calls

up associations until he can attend a long time. A child does not have

the experience to produce these associations so he listens only a short time. To hold,his attention the teacher must supply with rich concrete

detail the various phases to hold a constantly shifting attention.

Attention is necessary for learning. Attention means having the mind

most active on the desired material. It is secured best when these conditions are understood, for threats, punishment or artificial devices become

the center of attention and the lesson is more or less m me margin. A

knowing, sympathetic teacher realizes that the truly attentive class of children is the happy class.

We are Two

In ev'ry man there are always two: one is It and one is 7.

There is war between them day by day, and will be until they die.

When It and I cannot agree, and the shadows fall into night,

Or when the It shall assault the I, the battle is on; they fight.

It represents the fellow that fails and gives his brain to ride

I, more sure of a brave himself, relies on the Will to guide.

It, lets the emotions lead him down where passions hold full sway, But I, contained, alert and cool—is a Knight of the King's

highway.

In the mirror of Life, It and I are forever face to face,

If It may sin, and I shall win, then neither has lost the race.

Appetite is the god of It, but Control is the God of I,

But if flesh and wine call It to dine, then I asks the reason why.

If It shall repent, then I shall relent, and side by side they vie two shall blend, and It shall be one And, true to the end—the

with I.

Idaho Falls, Idaho. Douglas Hix.

"They Grind Exceeding Small"

By Helen Kimball Orgill

She was a vision of blonde beauty: fair beyond compare.

Thus thought Fred Branton as he watched Gretta Sommers, a visitor in town, gliding over the Elton opera house floor.

In fact, Fred had never been so deeply impressed with feminine attractions since his beloved Ethel had died two years before, leaving a brood of fjive sturdy, but noisy children.

But this Miss Sommers, he must know her.

It wasn't an impossible feat, for Fred was a handsome man at 36. of the rosyhued, medium complexioned type.

He danced with her twice during the evening, and succeeded in gaining permission to call upon her the following evening.

The attraction seemingly was mutual and it was not long before they were "keeping company."

As the days went by Fred felt sure that this was the one being in the world who could make him happy, and he was also certain that it would be wisest to propose before she left. If he

had any chance whatever it would be now before she was snatched up by some rival.

Of course, thoughts of the children loomed up like a ghost to haunt him. To be sure the subject had ne er been broached

between them but somehow he could not associate this exquisite creature with those romping but loving offspring of his.

However, just before the date set for the leave taking, Fred asked Gretta to share her life's lot with him.

She was very matter of fact in answering.

"Of course, Fred, you understand, I could ne>er consent to take your children if I married you."

"WAy, Gretta,"he faltered, "don't you care for children?"

"Well I might have affection for my own, but to try and rear another woman's."

She waved a depreciating hand as if that explained clearly.

"But Gretta, I was reared by a stepmother whom we children all loved as our own, and I'm certain of her feelings for us."

"Of course, there are many such cases in the far distant past, but times have changed. For my part I don't see why it

should be expected of a girl."

It was a glorious evening in June. The perfume of the

632 IMPROVEMENT ERA

blossoming gardens, with Gretta by his side filled Fred Branton with a form of intoxication.

After a space of silence, he ejaculated, "You're hardhearted, Gretta."

"No, I'm not. I'm merely being straightforward with you.

How many cases do you and I both know of where the wife has {literally driven the step children from home after she had taken the pledge to mother them."

And he had to confess that in this one particular she was right. "Well, let me consider a few days. Of course, I love my

children and I love you, Gretta. It will be a hard decision

which eer way the scale runs."

It was a serious father who some time later viewed his offspring as they lay in their beds.

With a twinge of pain he gazed at curlyheaded, blueeyed, dimpled, baby Dorothy, the chubby darling of the home. She

had been left an infant at her mother's death.

Curled up beside her was Kathleen, browneyed, auburnhaired, four years old. She had always had an affectionate

way of curling up to her little sister.

But the pain of this inspection did not compare with the next one.

Donald, the apple of his eye, his six year old son, lay in the next bed in the nursery. He dared not linger here but passed

out hurriedly into the hallway.

Fearing to waken the two older daughters, Marion and

Tressie, by entering their room, he passed up to his own chamber.

His widowed sister was the housekeeper, having no children or ties of her own.

During the days that followed this man was torn and tossed between man's primal love for his own, and the infatuation for a worldly, pleasureseeking girl.

Could he have spent these days getting more acquainted with his children things might have been different. But he

would come home from the office, tired with the day's cares, and after a rest usually prepared for the evening's pleasure and was gone.

Conscience was growing weary of repeating its promptings to ears which did not heed, so practically left him for a spell.

Circumstances also helped on the affair for one day he received a letter from his sister Grace, part of which ran:

"You know, Fred, I've always wanted Dorothy; in fact, I'd like Kathleen,

too. Mary complains of her health in her letters, and it would ease her, I

know, not to have so many, although she never mentioned it to me."

"THEY GRIND EXCEEDING SMALL"633

When sister Mary was interviewed she answered; "O Fred,

I couldn't part with Dorothy. I've had her since she was born.

Surely you know what that means to me."

Grace, upon receiving a wire from her brother, arrived in a few days. She was happy to carry Donald and Kathleen away

with her.

Gretta in the meantime had gone home to the metropolis to prepare for a hasty wedding. It was all being done in such

a headlong manner, worthy more of a couple in their early teens, than lovers of 26 and 36.

Fred burned all his bridges behind him.

Another sister who lived in his home town came one evening for a straight talk.

"Fred Branton, do tell me, isn't there one spark of manhood left in you? Do you realize what you are doing?"

"I'm perfectly calm about it,"he answered.

"I thought I knew you, but I don't."

"Grace, you know I have done nothing during the past two years to arouse unfavorable comment. In other words, I have

I wish to wed theloveliest—been true to Ethel's memory. Now because

"Stop, Fred, the acquaintance has been far too brief, why could you not have let things slide along for awhile until you could have known her in her own home?"

"It's too late for that kind of argument, and the strength of our love bids no waiting."

"You talk like a child, Fred. O, I had better hopes of my

only brother. God pity you for such folly."

The next day he carried home a letter from Grandma

Bendon. The words which interested him most were:

"I understand yon are letting the children go contrary to previous plans.

Now Fred, I respected your will for they were yours. But Ethel was

heart of our heart and flesh of our flesh. Oh, how we loved Ethel! Now

don't forget that next to her comes her offspring in our affection. Grandpa

and I would be filled with joy to have the ones you have not already parted with."

"That settles it,"he ejaculated, "Marion and Tressie they shall have."

He did not linger long over these lines for in the same mail had come a letter from Gretta's parents inviting him for a brief "get acquainted"visit.

Gretta's parents were wellto-do, and she had practically had her own way since birth. So it was not surprising that,

though they had opposed her rushing into matrimony in this manner, she had recapitulated her intentions. They finally

gave way retiring in a somewhat penitent mood for even oppos634 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing her wishes. But Gretta quickly assumed a very forgiving

attitude. She knew that many favors were to be asked of them

in the next few weeks.

Tressie and Marion went to their grandparents. They had

always delighted in making trips to their quaint home in a neighboring town. Another thing which made the going easier,

their own had been rendered very lonely since Kathleen and

Donald had left. In fact, it had never been the same since

Gretta Sommers had appeared upon the scene.

The partings and necessary explanations were gotten over with as much dispatch as possible and the bridegroom to be soon found himself being ushered into the overlyfurnished drawing room of his fiance's city home.

Unconsciously he gazed round the room. The whole effect

rather jarred on his finer senses, for evidently each article had been chosen with an eye for show rather than good taste.

Behind her paint and powder the mother greeted him effusively, the father saying little. It had become a lifetime

habit with him.

So the visit went on, Fred as deeply in love as ever, though not quite so confident concerning his future bliss.

A few weeks later, with all the display possible, the wedding was carried to an end, and the bridal couple were on their honeymoon.

The bridegroom's suspicions were not to be allayed. They

had words soon after leaving home. Gretta was extravagant

to a marked degree, while Fred had an eye for retrenchment.

He had had his home completely renovated and this with other expenses had sadly depreciated his pocket book. Oh, it meant

something to marry a girl who had been cradled in the lap of luxury.

But everything was seemingly peaceful upon reaching their future home.

As they walked up the path Fred thought with a glowing heart, how Ethel would have appreciated the changes he had made. It was in reality all of her dreams come true, but she

was not here to enjoy it.

Gretta merely glanced around, Fred imagined he heard a slight sniff but not being certain, straightway dismissed it from his mind.

He was dismayed before long to discover that his young wife had made plans of launching out on an extensive social life in Elton.

He had hoped to settle down quietly, at least reasonably so; he knew, of course, that she required more of the frivolous

"THEY GRIND EXCEEDING SMALL"635

things of life than did he, and he meant to pamper her to a degree.

But she was selfwilled and petulant as a child.

Upon entering the house at eve, he would seek an easy chair only to have words similar these flung at him "Fred, you'd try the soul of an angel. Surely you realize

there is just one half hour before we are due at the Country

Club."There was always something to mar his peace.

Gretta was trying with all her might to show the Elton people what "real style"was. She had ordained herself the

new "social leader."But with a few exceptions they did not

fall in line. They were satisfied with life as it had been heretofore.

Upon seeing her cherished plans fall through, there came a period of fretful discontent in her life.

Over and over she would declare, "I'm sick of this dead town."And nothing which her husband could do would erase

the puckered lines around her pretty mouth.

"Why can't we live in the city? Honest, Fred, I'll just die

here.""Surely your love for me, wouldn't let you do that, dear."

"But I wasn't reared to it, and I'm hard to be transplanted."

So it proved, and after many urgings he decided to sever his connections with the firm which, recognizing his ability, had given him numerous promotions.

"I might do better in a larger place,"he thought, trying to pacify himself, all the time knowing the bright future that would be his could he but stay with his present employers.

But there was no peace for him, once Gretta saw his decision waver; so it was but a short time before they found

themselves seeking a flat in the wife's home city.

Fred insisted that it be very moderatelypriced, uncertain as their fortunes were at present.

But this did not deter her from entering the social whirl.

If life in Elton had been bad, this was many times worse.

The parents might have helped a little, but they insisted upon looking upon her doings as nothing unusual, and often financed her parties themselves.

No physical nature could stand such a life very long, and

Fred was making no headway in his profession. When a man

goes to work with a weary tread, he can not go far in attaining to his ambitions.

Affairs went from bad to worse until finally their little 636 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bark of matrimony was stranded on the rocks. It was the old

story of an untrue wife.

With all 1ier faults, Gretta, until now, had remained true to her marriage. But one can't always play with fire and not

get burned.

The wheels of the gods grind slowly, but they grind exceedingly small.

Fred Branton was a man of inherent stamina of character with a superb physique. And like a tiger fighting for its young

he had struggled for his happiness. Yet every effort had come

to naught, until at fifty he was practically an old man.

But even then the resilence of his nature would not let him giVe way to despair. Picking up the threads of his life

again he faced a new future.

Seeking forgetfulness he went to the halls of pleasure, but they so reeked with memories of Gretta, that he would turn homeward trying to find solace in reading, only to sit listless for hours. Some unseen power was pulling him downward.

At last, unable to bear up longer, his system gave way: a

nervous collapse was the result.

For weary months he lay in the sanitarium. Not once during this time would he entertain a thought, of sending for a

friend or relative. They must never see him like this.

With the return of spring he was convalescing, upon the spacious verandas with many others.. He listened to the chirp

of the robin and breathed deeply the perfumeladen air. Ah,

who can resist the message of hope which spring bears to us?

So, during the sunshiny days he concocted a plan to visit

Elton. He felt certain that Mary would be kind. She was

always so free from harsh criticism, and he would see his baby girl after all these long years.

It was a strange home coming, this one of Fred Branton's!

Again the flowers were sending forth their sweet perfumes as he walked up the familiar streets. With mixed emotions he

found himself pressing the doorbell of Mary's familiar cottage.

The door opened at once upon a young maiden fair and radiant who breathed forth the very essence of springtime. She

was blushing and not until then did he notice she held a scrubbing brush and her arms and hands were covered with dirty water, though her sack apron was almost spotless.

"I thought it was Aunt Mary or I'd have washed this off.

I was expecting her."

"Don't you know me?"he asked awkwardly.

"0 yes it isn't."it's—no

"THEY GRIND EXCEEDING SMALL"637

A light of recognition faded on her countenance a8 she glanced at a framed picture on the wall.

"I'm sure I don't know you, but no doubt Aunt Mary does, so come in."

The latter appeared upon the scene just then.

Looking the stranger squarely in the face she cried, "Brother, my brother Fred!"and embraced him.

It took some time to sink through Dorothy's consciousness that this was her father. "Well, I must kiss you, too, then!"

she cried impulsively.

Soon they were telling him all the news. The children

were doing nicely. Donald was preparing for a civil engineering

career; Tressie and Marion were both happily married.

"And Tressie has the cutest baby boy,"cried Dorothy.

How Fred's heart hungered for a sight of his onlv grandchild!

So the days passed. The townspeople treated him kindly,

feeling that he had suffered for his folly.

One afternoon the father sat watching his daughter fro about her household duties. Mary had gone to the store. He tried

to keep the soulhungry look out of his eyes.

Finally he spoke.

"Dorothy, wouldn't you like to come home with me for a visit, you don't know what it would mean to me, and I'd see that you had a royal good time in the city."

"I'd like to, father, but really I can't leave auntie. You

know what she has been to me, and she's so frail. Perhaps

when she get's stronger we'll both come for a trip."

"You're right to stay by her that way,"he answered deject edly. Arising, he passed quietly up to his room. Standing just

within the door he spoke: "If retribution be mine, Lord,

help me to bear it like a man and cease trying to catch the joys which I have forfeited."

With these words untold peace filled his turbulent soul, and he fairly plunged into the nearest chair. Clutching his face

with his hands the tears flowed freely between them. He wept

on and on.

At last, feeling spent, he arose and passed over to the window to watch the sunset, the in'ermingling of crimson and gold. He

seemed to be gazing into the far distance as he breathed.

I feel that'great "And somewhere—in future—Ethel—0,that Ethel—will forgive."

Raymond, Canada.

TutAnkh-Amen and SunWorship*

By J. M. Sjodahl

The tomb of Pharaoh TutAnkh-Amen in the Valley of the

Kings, near Luxor, Egypt, was opened officially February 18, 1923, and about a hundred distinguished visitors were admitted to see the wonders it contains. Ajnong these were the Queen of

Belgium and Professor James H. Breasted, of Chicago, and other

Egyptologists of note.

The grave chamber was found in excellent condition. The

treasures so far examined include paintings, showing the king hunting ostriches, giraffes, and elephants, and these paintings are said to be fully equal to modern art; also funeral wreaths

almost similar to modern floral offerings; and a couch, five

feet long. One end of this piece of furniture was molded as a

lion's head and it had legs formed as lion's feet. The workmanship is declared to be exquisite.

One of the most wonderful discoveries is that of a triumphal chariot, decorated in sheet gold, inlaid with precious stones, appearing as if it had been built yesterday; so perfectly had it

been preserved in the sealed tomb. There was also a large corslet, such as warriors used to wear formerly, made of elaborate

mesh, with gold clasps, "equal to the work of the middle ages."

Among the objects mentioned in the dispatches are two lifesize statues of the king, beds, chariots, boxes, walking sticks, alabaster vases, and so on.

It is generally conceded that the discovery is one of the most important in the history of Egyptian archaeology but a full account of the objects in the grave and translations of the inscriptions and other records will not be given to the public for some time yet.

In order to understand the interest centering in this find it may be well to remember that TutAnkh-Amen lived and reigned not very long before the time of Moses, while Israel was still in bondage in Egypt.

About the twentieth century, B. C, a Semitic people known

as the Hyksos, or shepherds, began to settle in Egypt. They

were, probably, Chaldeans who moved westward under the pressure of invaders from the east. Some of them took a northern

*From a paper read by the author at the M. I. A. Meeting, TwelfthThirteenth ward, February 27, 1923.

TUTANKHAMEN AND SUN WORSHIP 639

route and settled in Canaan, where they became known as

Phoenicians; others founded homes in the northern parts of

Egypt. The latter gradually multiplied and gained influence

there, and at last one of their chiefs, or sheiks, was recognized as ruler over Egypt.

Flinders Petri, dates the exodus of Terah, the father of

Abraham, from Ur about 2270 B. C, as part of that great Semitic

westward migration.

About the year 2000, B. C, Abraham visited Egypt. We

know, from the Bible and Pearl of Great Price that he found favor at the court and that he had an opportunity of teaching the people many correct principles concerning God and the universe.

Undoubtedly, his mission to that country influenced largely the religious concepts of the Egyptians and helped to form their political and social institutions.

About the year 1650 B. C., Jacob and his household entered Egypt, at the invitation of the Pharaoh who had made

Joseph, the great son of Jacob, his prime minister. This pharaoh was one of the Hyksos'people, and therefore of the same

race as Abraham and Jacob. And that, probably, accounts for

their friendly relations. (Gen. 47:10.)

We are all familiar with the financial operations by which, as an emergency measure of protection against famine, the agricultural land of Egypt became the property of the rulers, and the people were made to pay heavy taxes. During the administration of tyrants who arose later the burdens became unbearable. The Egyptian spirit of independence asserted itself and

a national reform movement, with its center at the ancient capital, Thebes, took form. Finally, the Hyksos were dethroned

and driven out.

Then a new dynasty took the reins; or, as we read in Ex.

1:8: "Now there rose up a new king over Egypt, which knew

not Joseph."This was a "king"or a line of kings, not related

to Joseph and his family and under no obligation to the shepherd people. This happened about 1580 B. C. The Israelites were

immediately regarded as slaves, the property of the king, and they were set to work on public buildings, such as store houses, fortifications, etc. At the same time, measures were taken to

prevent them from becoming numerous and influential in the land, as had happened in the case of the Hyksos. But when the

oppression became unbearable, Moses, the deliverer, was raised up, and the exodus took place in the year 1220 B. C. a Rameses

"These dates are according to Dr. W. M. Flinders Petri: Egypt and

Israel. 640 IMPROVEMENT ERA

II is generally regarded as the pharaoh who defied Moses and who saw his army overwhelmed in the Red Sea.

Now it appears that one of the new pharaohs, Amenothes

HI, married outside the royal ranks, a girl, possibly of the foreign race, and on that account his son, Amenothes IV, may have had some trouble with the powerful priests at Thebes. 6

Consequently, he decided to move away from the old capital.

He established himself at a convenient place now known as

TellelAmarna. Here he built a palace and a temple and some

factories, and soon had a prosperous city.

Egypt was divided into states, or provinces, called nomes, and it seems that each nome could have its own supreme god and a multitude of deities surrounding him. The Egyptians

were remarkably tolerant. The priests of each nome claimed

that their particular god was the father of all the gods, but they were perfectly willing to let the worshipers of other nomes make the same claim for theirs. They never tried to suppress

the worship of other nomes. Each god was, it seems, confined

as far as jurisdiction was concerned, to his own nome, as a king is to his kingdom, or a governor to his province. But the Egyptians had also a god, Neter, which name seems to be identical

in meaning with the Hebrew El (Elohim in plural). He was

also called, as I understand it, NukPn*Nuk, meaning "I am that

I am;"the same as Jehovah. He was the selfexisting, living,

generating force.

At Thebes, Amen, or Anion, was the chief deity. He was

represented in various forms: As a man on a throne, holding

in one hand the scepter and in the other the cross of life. He is

also represented as a man with the head of a frog, or a snake, or as an ape, or as a lion.

At Heliopolis, Ra was worshiped as the chief god. He was

the sun god, or perhaps one of the sungods, the creator and preserver of the world. He is usually depicted as a man with

the head of a sparrow hawk. His symbol was the disc of the

sun, encircled by a serpent.

Whenever one nome, or province, obtained supremacy, the gods of that nome also shared in the glory. Thus when the

north was the seat of government the god Tern became associated with Ra and the people worshiped RaTem. And, similarly, when the south became predominating, after the overthrow

of the Hyksos kings, the priests at Thebes associated their god

Amen with the northern god, Ra, and worshiped Amen Ra.

Amenothes IV, as stated, decided to make a new nome, a new

According to Gaston Maspero, this happened some time during the 15th century, B. C. Others give the date of Amenothes IV as 137558 B. C.

TUTANKHAMEN AND SUN WORSHIP 641

city, and a new religion. He maintained that God should be

worshiped under the symbol of the solar disc alone, the A ten or Atonou. This, it is claimed, was an ancient deity of Heliopolis, the city in which Joseph's wife lived, and also the birthplace

of Moses. He gave to the new nome the name of "The Horizon

of the Solar disc,'and changed his own name from Amenothes to Khouniatonou, "The Glory of the Solar Disc."

For a short time Tellel-Amarna flourished, but when TutAnkh-Amen, succeeded Amenothes,, who was his fatherin-law, the new venture was doomed. He moved back to Thebes, and

joined the worshipers of Amen. Tellel-Amarna was abandoned,

and soon only ruins marked the place where it flourished for a few years. This TutAnkh-Amen is the king whose supposed

grave has now been opened. No wonder there is great expectation in scientific circles concerning what the inscriptions and

records may reveal.

In 1887 part of the diplomatic correspondence that was carried on between Amenothes IV and kings and foreign representatives of Egypt were found in the ruins of Tellel-Amarna. The

messages were written on clay in cuneiform characters, and a flood of light was thrown on the history of that epoch by those seemingly unimportant tablets which had been left when more important documents were removed.

It is a peculiar fact that the Indians of the Western hemisphere, like the Egyptians, worshiped the sun as the most glorious manifestation of the great Creator of the heavens and the earth, while, at the same time, they revered other objects in nature. The Incas of Peru, for instance, had their temple of

the sun at their holy city, Cuzco. But they had no images, no

idols, in that edifice. On the western wall, we are told by

Prescott, was emblazoned a representation of God as a human countenance, from which emanated rays of light in every direction, as the sun is generally represented by us. This solar disc

was engraved on a massive plate of gold of enormous dimensions, thickly set with emeralds and precious stones. When the rays

of the rising sun fell upon it, they lighted up the whole apartment, and the light was reflected from the gold ornaments on the walls and ceiling, and the temple seemed to be filled with a supernatural effulgence.

Everywhere, in South America, in Central, and North America, the Indians worshiped the sun. the solar disc. They

prayed to it. They offered incense and sacrifices to it. They

danced in its honor. And in their sanctuaries they kept the

sacred fires as a reminder of the Force that gives and preserves life. 642 IMPROVEMENT ERA How did the Indians in America, in prehistoric times, come to adopt sunworship as well as many other Egyptian ideas?

From the Bible we know that whenever the Israelites decided to apostatize from the God of their fathers, they turned to

Egyptian gods. Right in the shadow of Mt. Sinai, the people

danced around the golden a representation of the calf—possibly

do, or,Egyptian god Hathor—as they had seen the Egyptians

perhaps, as they had done themselves. And when Jeroboam

led the Ten Tribes in revolt from the house of David and the temple service in Jerusalem, he set up images of calves at Bethel and Dan.

Even the Jews, immediately before the destruction of

Jerusalem by Nebuchadnezzar, had adopted Egyptian sun worship and were practicing it on the temple grounds, as may be gathered from Ezekiel 8:16.

When the Lamanites in this hemisphere, separated themselves from their brethren, by their rebellious spirit, and sought to destroy the Nephites and their records, it was but natural for them to adopt Egyptian sun worship, such as had been practiced by the people of Heliopolis, the city of the fatherin-law of Joseph, Potiphera (Gen. 14:45), just as Amenothes did in

Egypt, when he decided to establish a new mode of worship there. That is how, through the Lamanites, Egyptian sun worship may have come to America.

There is another peculiar fact connected with this discovery, which should be noticed, by our young people partiularly,

It has become fashionable, lately, to regard our civilization, our arts, our intellects, and ourselves as the very highest development from lower and lower civilizations, etc., until we come down

to the status of apes, and then from still lower levels down to the single cell.

If there is any foundation for this philosophy, it ought to be confirmed by such discoveries as the objects and industry and art now found in Egypt. But such confirmation is looked

for in vain. The paintings made 3,500 years ago are declared to

be "fully equal to modern art."The sculptured objects are "superbly molded,""beautiful,"and "delicately formed."The

furniture, the decorations, the jewelry, the millinery, are so exquisite that it is predicted that the opening of that grave will be the beginning of an era of new ideals in our modern fashions.

The designs, and colors, it is said, are absolutely unsurpassed in beauty.

How does that fit into the modern philosophy of unfoldment?

The fact is, that no matter how far back history goes, we meet, in some part of the world, civilized nations on high levels '643 TUTANKH-AMEN AND SUN WORSHIP

of culture, while other nations, in other parts, are crawling along on lower levels, just as is the fact today. This is so strikingly true that Maspero, the great French Egyptologist, does not

hesitate to say that when we reach the Egypt of the era of the pyramids, we stand in the midst of a civilization that has already begun to decay from an earlier state of perfection. He says that at

that time the language was already perishing of old age, the religion was changing, "art was repealing itself the nearer perfection the farther back it went into the past."c and political organizations and social life tended to grow slack.

A simliar tale is told by the fossil remains. The earliest

skull rather found in the earliest strata—shows no found—or

marks of great inferiority to those of the present day. For

ought we know, the Calaveras skull, a fragment of which was unearthed in 1857, in goldbearing gra\el at Table Mountain, California, may have graced the shoulders of a philosopher, and some of the bones from American mounds may be those of former great statesmen, orators, and artists.

This is so true that a scientist recently, after having explained the Mendelian law of heredity and the lessons of fossil remains, added:

"In view of all this, there does not seem to be anything solid on which to build any broad scheme of organic evolution. * * * Personally, I

must confess that I have lost all faith in any scheme of evolution which would seek to derive man from the lower animals, or which would endeavor to derive the various orders or classes of animals from some common origin, al. All this is, in the light of modern developments, too wild a scheme to

be dignified with the name of even a scientific theory. It is an unscientific

pipedream."

And this is quoted, not from a speech by Wm. J. Bryan,

but from an article in an eastern publication/ under the name of George McReady Price, prof, of geology, Union Pacific College, California.

We need have no fear for the Bible. We need not be

ashamed of the Book of Mormon; for every new discovery of

real scientific worth testifies to their truth. We need not be

ashamed of Joseph Smith, for history as it is written today in the daily events proclaims him a prophet of God.

cNew Light On Egypt, p. 126.

dDearborn Independent, February 10, 1923.

Samoa's Love and Affection In Appreciation of the Memorable Apostolic Visit of May, 1921.

By John Q. Adams, President of the Samoan Mission

In midafternoon of May 31, 1921, a singular and most affecting scene was enacted on the borders of the little Samoan

ZionSauniatu. The Saints of that village, warmhearted, impulsive, generous and responsive, as is the wont of these modern

Lamanites, had thrice bidden farewell to their beloved visitors,

Elders David 0. McKay and Hugh J. Cannon—once at the Mission House, to be repeated a few moments later at the farther

bank of the river a scant hundred yards beyond the village.

Thither had followed the weeping throng of Saints, reluctant to sever the intimate and affectionate association of the immediate past. Still on and on they traversed the beautiful tropical

trail that bisects the adjacent rubber plantation for a mile, a reverent group of a couple of hundred, headed by the band, to whose strains! of the pathetic native farewell melody, "Goodby

my Feleni,"they slowly and solemnly marched. Countless sobs

in unison punctuated each step, and Elder McKay, far in advance, with his party of four horsemen (one of them a horsewoman, Sister Adams) looking back with tears in his eyes, could bear it no scene and the spirit and influence of it all longer—the

were altogether too affecting and remarkable. In shaking voice

he bade us return with him for the third ordeal of the final farewell, a moment and an occasion of a lifetime or of centuries!

There, the now silent and expectant group standing disconsolate as Israel of old bereft of their Moses, he dismounted in the trail and raising aloft his hands as a patriarch of the past, he pronounced this remarkable and soulstirring benediction, all clear and now partly fulfilled:

God, our heavenly and eternal Father, there have been many impressive partings between thy people and thy chosen servants in the days of the Savior and in this day. Peter and Paul and their associates, Timothy

and Marcus and Luke and others, undoubtedly wept many a tear in bidding solemn farewells; but on no occasion, we feel sure, was expressed more

attachment than that which is manifest here today. Thou seest, heavenly

Father, with what sorrowful feelings we bid one another farewell here in this beautiful grove, one of thy "first temples."

Holy Father, look down in love and tender mercy upon these good people. Protect them in their village from all evil influences. Bless the

leading men therein, that they may be indeed kind and wise shepherds to

SAMOA'S LOVE AND AFFECTION 645

this little fold, and may no fierce wolves, in the shape of enmity, illwill, and indifference "enter in among them not sparing the flock."Bless the

mothers the young men and the young women, and especially the little children. Be merciful to the little ones whose eyesight is afflicted, and others

unto whom thy servants have administered. Heal the sick, we heseech

thee, and restore to health and strength, through their faith and faithfulness, those who are afflicted.

May thy peace abide here in the village of Sauniatu.

Father, in thy love, prosper the labor of the hands of all who work for the necessaries and comforts of life, and may they possess in abundance, food and clothing. May their plantations be fruitful in the products

adapted to local conditions. But above all, may harmony abide in their

hearts and home. Our Father, may they have clear understanding of the

truth, and make rapid progress in gaining a knowledge of thee and thy divine work.

By virtue of the holy apostleship, and in the authority of the Priesthood with which thou hast endowed me, I seal these blessings upon these, thy

Saints. May this parting and blessing prove, through thy power and mercy,

a sacred blessing to them and to us, we humbly pray, in the name of Jesus

Christ, our Savior. Amen.

It is the testimony of some who cast their eyes upward momentarily as these inspired words flowed in great power from

Elder McKay's lips, that a halo of brightness rested upon him like a shaft of white light, and certain it is that the borderland of heaven and earth rested in close proximity to the spot where was given this wonderful manifestation and blessing. Each listener's soul throbbed with the conviction of the truth.

Immediately after the final farewell, we left the meditating group of Saints still standing silent in the foreground, stunned at eventually losing sight of the receding figures, albeit in apparent enthralment, while all that Elder McKay could say to us as we rode away, was "And these [pointing back at the wistful group of Saints] are they whom the world call bad!"We afterward

learned that they at once set about perpetuating the day's great event. A hole was dug at the exact spot where had stood Brother McKay when blessing them, and into this was consigned a

hermeticallysealed bottle, containing a record of the occasion, including a copy of the prayer as well as Kippen Su'a could recollect it there and then. Hymns were sung, discourses delivered, and explanations again made in detail of the significance of the great day.

A year later, May 31, 1922, one could have glimpsed a similar scene reenacted, only on a larger scale, and in a different manner, as well as for a similar, yet dissimilar, purpose. True,

our two brethren were not with us this day, in actual physical presence, but their minds and hearts this we are aswere—of

sured, and this is what occurred.

As you saunter toward Sauniatu, from the spot in the trail 646 IMPROVEMENT ERA

where the historic setting of a year since drew forth such abundant inspiration, your eyes discern a change in the high side of the river bank near the mission house. Taking your stand at

the end of the rough, handhewn bridge that spans the stream just prior to setting foot upon its irregular but trustworthy

"At the rough handhewn bridge, you note beyond a soft grayish blue shaft"planks, you note a soft grayishblue shaft of monumental aspect which crowns in quiet dignity the brow of the halfglobular mound of earth, the whole completing a perfect picture of symmetrical guardianship that bids you step across the void and enter the realm of hospitality beyond. As to why this took

place, we have already spoken. Now, as to how.

SAMOA'S LOVE AND AFFECTION 647

Months ago the subject of erecting some commemorative mark to serve in keeping green golden memories of a year ago was broached by the writer and his wife. Missionaries and Saints

at once fell in with the idea. It is enough to simply state that

the financing was not a difficult piece of work, with branches and individuals and the Relief Societies contributing generously.

Elder L. H. Scott was placed in charge of actual construction,

and he and Elders Tingey, Putnam and the writer met at Sauniitu May 6, selected without hesitancy or difference of choice the rounding knoll in question, which can and will shortly be made into a ball of green lawn studded with brilliant tropical flowers, and that day the foundation was measured and excavated

J&j

* i v.* ffljfjfwm

f

"Draped in the Union Jack and Old Glory, the shaft stood veiled like a bride"by them. Although Sauniatu's incessant rainfall was in progress

for the ensuing fortnight, the work was finished within the allotted time, and at the appointed hour of dedication on the anniversary of May 31, 1922, draped in the Union Jack and Old

Glory, the shaft stood veiled like a bride ready for the ceremony to be soon pronounced and gone through.

We shall consistently touch lightly, at least, upon the inspiring scenes and activities of the thirtyfirst, else would this 648 IMPROVEMENT ERA

narrative fail most ingloriously. At nine o'clock that morning,

the conference having terminated two days previously, in which

Savaii and Upolu islands met conjointly, the hundreds of attendants lined up in the main streets of the village, and what an imposing and inspiring picture it was! All, practically without exception, were clothed in pure white, men as well as women and children, for white is the most comfortable and restful

and becoming garb of the islands. This double line extended

from the church to the river, between a quarter and half a mile.

At the head marched the new brass band of thirty pieces, and behind them came possibly fortyfive missionaries, white and native. There were also the heads of families and their wives

from Sauniatu, and a large delegation of dignified old chiefs from outside branches, veritable monarchs in their stately deportment. Scores of happy school children were in evidence,

also, and various other contingents that go to make up such an assemblage. To the strains of the band, the cavalcade moved

in quiet and precise order out on the forest trail beneath the rubber trees to the spot already hallowed in memory and beyond it, to permit all to congregate compactly about it. Good

eld veteran Opapo was placed by strong, willing hands up high in the forks of a rubber tree that stands guard over the spot, and like Zacheus of old, he peered down upon the multitude from his perch; but Opapo had a speech to make in place of the

silent attitude of the other spectator. In simple eloquence and

fervor he depicted the scene in 1921.

Then back to the church all marched in fine order still, filling the large edifice comfortably. A very impressive and

appropriate program was rendered, songs suitable to the occasion being sung, speeches delivered, the prayer already mentioned read, and several selections given by "Brother McKay's

Band,"as members and Saints aptly call it. Immediately after

the conclusion of this service, all adjourned to the monument site in orderly marching formation, and after a series of desirable photographs of the historical occasion were obtained, the dedicatory prayer was given by the writer. Baby Beth Adams

stood ready on a large barrel with the corner of the flag which draped the monument in her grasp, and at the word "Amen,"she unveiled the cement shaft, at the instant that the band broke out with the national anthem, and without pause or hitch up stepped scores of school children with armsful of wreaths and bouquets of tropical flowers, fairly burying the base of the structure with the fragrance and the riot of color of the islands. It

was a splendid moment without a breath of variance or distraction, and although the spire of soft blue stood amidst it all mute and immovable, let us, who shed tears of happiness and emotion,

SAMOA'S LOVE AND AFFECTION 649

not say that it is but a cold, heartless mass of inorganic material pitifully incapable of speaking its purpose. Into its e\ery inch

had gone Samoa's love and affection. It was occasioned 365

days ago by love, it was subsequently conceived in love, and under

"Baby Beth Adams stood ready on a barrel, the corner of the flag in her grasp, and at the word Amen, unveilevd the shaft''

the influence of that eternal principle was it constructed, and this being its genealogy, how can it continue but be warm and expressive and responsive and suggestive and eloquent in its very muteness? In it is crystallized all the affection and ap650 IMPROVEMENT ERA

preciation and estimation of which this wholesouled island race is capable for theitMakei and Kanona.

More fitting and prophetic was the scriptural analogy raised by Elder McKay in the last discourse delivered by him in Samoa prior to departure from these shores into the great expanse of ocean stretching to the westward, when he quoted and explained as a parting thought Genesis 51:49. Mizpah

(watch tower) is but one word but it expresses a wealth of significance: The Lord watch between us in our separation!

The monument measures six feet square at its base, and is thirteen feet high. Buried in its exact stony bosom is a hermetically-sealed bottle in which are enclosed for the future

various papers appropriate to the event, such as the apostolic blessing of Elder McKay, the photographs of him and Elder

Cannon, and other descriptions and interesting notations of importance. On the face of the fourfoot square section of the

shaft is a beautiful bronze plate twelve by thirty inches in dimensions, on which is etched in conspicuous lettering this legend: (See Improvement Era August, 1922, p. 899.)

Today, Tuesday, May 31, 1921 Apostle David O. McKay Stood Just Across the River

And Pronounced a Memorable Apostolic Blessing

Upon the Assembled Sauniatu Saints

A Fitting Climax to a Perfect Visit

Samoa's Love is Told Thus: Mizpah

O he Faailoga Lenei Le Alofa Atoatoa O Samao Mo Misi Makei Ma

Misi Kanona. Mesepa

A Cry in the Dark (Written after reading of the sufferings of little children in thel Near East.)

A little cry in the dark, And fainter still at the dawn;

And the shadows creep; then endless sleep,

Before the day is gone.

A peal of bells in the morn, Hailing the Christ Child's birth;

A shout of praise in joyous lays

Encircling wide the earth.

Ah, that little cry in the dark,

Conies from a dying host A gnawing pain; then night again,

As the flesh gives up the ghost.

A little cry in the dark, So weak and yet so wild;

That on Christmas Morn the heart is torn

By the cry of a hungry child.

Lethbridge, Canada. Fratotk C. Steele.

H:Hpsngami&3:;&*affrg JgMSI

The NinetyThird General Annual Conference of the Church

The conference opened on Friday, April 6, with every seat in the great Tabernacle occupied, and some people standing, both in the galleries and on the main floor. The departure from

the usual custom was the calling on presidents of stakes and others to make brief addresses, not exceeding ten minutes, and the time of all the speakers was limited, so that during the three days including the Assembly Hall meetings, it was possible to hear fiftytwo speakers, including the general authorities present; and this, notwithstanding the fact that the list of speakers

was shortened because radios had been installed in the great

Tabernacle, enabling thousands of people out doors, surrounding the Bureau of Information, to hear the speakers, who addressed the Tabernacle congregations. The testimonies were inspiring

and full of hope and encouragement, and the Spirit of the Lord was present in rich measure. The music and songs were delightful. The conference was well attended, the Tabernacle being

completely filled at every meeting, on Friday and Saturday, and on Sunday, greatly crowded, notwithstanding there were two large overflow meetings in the Assembly Hall, besides thousands listening at the Bureau of Information. The opening

speech of President Heber J. Grant was full of pertinent points

of information and counsel. Aside from the general statistical

information which he presented, and which will be printed in the Era later, he said

President Heber J. Grant's Opening Conference Address

Great Progress of the Church I am grateful for the preservation of my life until the present moment, and I desire to live as long as I can be of any benefit to the Latterday Saints. I am grateful for the very

wonderful work that has been accomplished in the Salt Lake temple, since its dedication. I am grateful for the prosperity,

for the advancement spiritually, temporally, and in every other way, of the Church of Jesus Chris during this period. I am

652 IMPROVEMENT ERA

thankful for the great increase in attendance at our general conferences, in comparison to that of thirty years ago. It was

very seldom we had, then, more than twothirds as many in the audience, as we see here today, with the exception of Sundays, when, of course, we always had more people than this building could accommodate.

Clean up Towns and Villages It is expected there will be a great increase in the tourist travel through the state from this time on, particularly through the southern part of the state, where the goverMnent and railroads are spending large sums of money to induce tourists to visit Zion National Park, Bryce Canyon, Cedar Breaks, and the

Grand Canyon of the Colorado. In view of this, our people

should take pride in cleaning up and grading their streets, fixing their fences, planting trees, and in every way making our towns and villages more attractive.

Temples and Meetinghouses The Alberta temple is practically completed. Its furnishing and equipment is in process. It will be ready for dedication by August 1, 1923.

The building of the Arizona temple is under *vay. It is

expected that it will be completed within two years.

Extensive alterations and improvements will be carried out this year in the Salt Lake temple, to provide facilities for the large number who visit the temple. Comparative report of

total ordinances performed in the Salt Lake temple: 1918,

158,887; 1919, 189,593; 1920, 212,514; 1921, 300,474; 1922, 413,-

478, an increase of nearly three hundred per cent since 1918 a most remarkable and wonderful record. And our other temples, with the exception of St. George, where the population has

decreased, have also had remarkable and splendid increases.

A splendid new meetinghouse has been erected in Honolulu and will be dedicated in the very near future.

A mission home is in process of erection in Atlanta, Georgia, for the accommodation of the president and office staff of the Southern States mission, the only mission of the United

States that has not been furnished with suitable quarters for its president. Quite a number of chapels, some large and beautiful, are being erected in most of the missions of the United

States.

The Primary Conxxdescent Home The Primary Home is taking care of from twentyfive to thirty children, who need expert surgical and nursing treatment.

EDITORS'TABLE 653

The Church has expended considerable means in preparing and equipping this home for these little children. Since then it has

been very largely supported by the gifts of the Primary children and other benevolent persons. The Rotary Club of Salt

Lake City has just donated $1,000 to this children's home.

Training of the Aaronic Priesthood

A commendable work is being done in all the wards and stakes in the development and training of the Aaronic Priesthood and this good work should be continued.

Tithes Returned to the Stakes I should like to call attention to the fact that the amount of tithes returned to the stakes, and total amount of charity, including that of the Relief Society and the Fast Day donations, amounts to over $3,300,000. Considering the limited membership of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, to my

mind this is a marvelous and wonderful showing of the liberality of the people, and of their willingness to contribute for the support and erection of meetinghouses, the support and erection of schoolhouses, and for educational, charitable and Church purposes generally.

Remarkable Increase in Temple Work

I am particularly pleased with the very remarkable increase in the labor being performed in our temples. There is no work

in which the Latterday Saints are engaged which brings greater peace and joy to the human heart than laboring in the temples for the salvation of our dead. This vicarious labor Is one of the

greatest that Latterday Saints can be engaged in. ft is one that

brings greater satisfaction and joy than almost any other in the world, and it is one in which the Latterday Saints have always taken great pride and great interest. I believe there is no money

expended by the Church or by the individual members that has brought more comfort and happiness to the people than that expended for the erection of temples and for the labor performed therein.

I am pleased to hear that the temple erected in the Hawaiian Islands is doing a great deal by way of advertising the

Latterday Saints and causing a great many influential people tourists visiting those wonderful take an interest in islands—to

the literature of the Latterday Saints. I hear nothing but good

reports from that temple; and I also hear very wonderful and

splendid reports concerning the spirit of goodwill that comes through such visits to the temple that is not yet dedicated in

Canada. I believe Brother Wood, the president of the Alberta

654 IMPROVEMENT ERA

stake, might be willing to put off the dedication another year, on account of the great good that he thinks would be accomplished by admitting strangers into our temple before is is dedicated. But, we have erected that temple, of course, for temple

ordinances, and when it is ready for dedication, we will dedicate it that it may be utilized for the purposes expected of us by the

Lord.

The Beet Indus:ry and the Church

A year ago, in this stand, at the opening of the conference,

I devoted nearly the entire time in my address, to the beet industry. I urged upon our people, during that conference, the

planting of sugar beets, and announced that I believed it would be greatly to their advantage if they would do so. This was my

opinion then. I am pleased to say that during the past year the

industry has been very successful, and that today it is m a very much better financial condition than it was a year ago. Two

years ago this coming October the Church went in debt for the first time in many years; the Trusteein-Trust borrowed in New

York and Chicago in the neighborhood of two millions of dollars, to help the sugar industry. It went against the grain, to

run the Church in debt, but it was the unanimous opinion of the Presidency and Apostles that it was a wise thing to foster this industry, by borrowing the money necessary to protect and safeguard it. I am very pleased to announce to the Latterday

Saints that all of those obligation of the Trusteein-Trust, incurred for the support of the sugar industry, have been paid, and once more the Church has no direct floating indebtedness, barring one little note of $10,000 that we did not get a chance to take up.

People Advised to Stay on the Farm

I believe it will be to the interests of the farmers to raise sugar beets during the coming year. I believe that the sugar

industry, in our community, is one of the greatest beneficial industries that has ever been established. I feel that President

Wilford Woodruff was inspired of the Lord to call upon the people to invest their means in that great enterprise; although

some of the brightest of our business men had no faith in the final outcome. President Woodruff felt that the inspiration of

the Lord pointed to the establishment of that industry, so as to have an increase of the products of the soil. It has always

fallen to the lot of the Latterday Saints to be engaged in tilling the soil. From the days of President Brigham Young until the

present time, the leaders of this people have always advised the Latterday Saints, as far as possible, to be engaged in tilling

EDITORS'TABLE 655

the soil, and in manufacturing, and in other productive enterprises. Brigham Young preached that the Saints perhaps could

go to California and get sudden wealth and come back with gold, but said it would do them very little good, while if they stayed on their farms and engaged in cultivating the soil, making homes and rearing their families, they would gain eternal riches. I believe firmly that the very best place in all the world

to rear Latterday Saints is on the farm, and that about the poorest place to rear Latterday Saints is in the biggest city in which you can locate them. There seems to be strength, physical, moral, and religious, which comes to those engaged in cultivating the soil which, on an average, is far superior to that of

any other occupation I know anything about.

At the present time there is quite a feeling that it is not worth while to stay on the farm, that the thing to do is to sell the farm, or if it is mortgaged for a large sum, to say: "Well, we

will let the man who owns the mortgage cultivate it. It does

not pay us to cultivate it."This is wrong. I believe that with

the blessings of the Lord and with economy and the raising of products from the ground, and utilizing those products to feed cattle, sheep and hogs, and to increase your income by producing butter, eggs, cheese and in other ways, that the farms can be made profitably productive. I remember that when I was in the

faroff land of Japan, I ate butter from Scandinavia, and I know that while I was in England the great majority of the time

I ate butter from Scandinavia. If butter can be shipped all

the way from Scandinavia to Japan, I believe butter can be raised and shipped at a profit out of this intermountain country.

There are no finer farms to be found anywhere than can be found in this intermountain country. It is the best dairy country. There is no stronger, more substantial and splendid soil

that will produce year after year if it is only treated right, than that of this intermountain country.

Thrift, Economy and Hard Times

We talk about hard times. I wish to say that I have read

more than once the wise sayings of Benjamin Franklin, on thrift and economy, and his reference to the people's complaint against the tax burdens laid upon them. He says that the luxuries in which the people indulge and the wasteful expenditure

of their money is a far greater burden, many times over, than the taxes and the public burdens the people have to meet. Today, the great majority of all the money put into automobiles

is for pleasure. In the state of Utah we have 50,000 automobiles.

I think we have a few more than that. I do not believe the depreciation, wear and tear, the oil, gasoline, and the tires will

656 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cost less than $501)0 a month per car on the average; 50,000

cars at fifty dollars each a month is $2,500,000; multiplied by

twelve, is $30,000,000 a year, principally an unnecessary expense. I believe that this figure could be cut squarly in two, if

people made up their minds to do it. I believe that nearly all

of the hardships of a majority of the people would disappear if they were willing to forego the habit of wearing silk stockings, so to speak, and get back to the ordinary manner of dressing in a rather quiet, unassuming way; stay away from about ninetenths of the pictureshows that they attend, return to the ways

of thrift and economy that I have heard preached from this stand from the days of President Brigham Young until today.

I believe that the burdens that are upon the Latterday

Saints would be very light indeed had the people listened to the advice of our late beloved President Joseph F. Smith, to get out

of debt, when everything was booming, when they could sell all of their sheep and their cattle and nearly everything they had for about two or three times its cost instead of running, as they did, further into debt, increasing their mortgages on homes and livestock, believing that every dollar they could borrow meant increased wealth to them. President Joseph F. Smith's

warning sank into my heart. If I have had one opportunity,

being in debt, to go in deeper, I have had scores offered to me, but I remembered the teaching of President Smith and I went to work that day to get out of debt and not to speculate one single solitary dollar until I did get out of debt; and, with

the exception of some small loans on my life insurance policies have saved by investing in a building society every month—Ienough to pay these loans—I do not today personally owe a dollar. If I had not listened to and taken the inspired advice of

President Sniith, I think I should be everlastingly "busted,"because of the very many good things that have been offered to me since for financial investments. President Smith's inspired

words found echo in my heart and I went on from then until his death singing, "We thank thee, O God, for a prophet to guide us,"instead of adding, "providing he does not guide us to keep out of debt,"as a good many people should be singing today.

An Appeal to Support Home Industry

Brethren and sisters, support our home manufactured goods of all kinds and all descriptions. At a recent conference, I

pleaded with the people to do this, and told story after story about homemade goods, and announced that I was going to have a Provo suit of clothes. I got that suit and have been wearing it ever since, but it is a little old now, and so thought I

would put on my black suit again this morning. Let us support

EDITORS'TABLE 657

our home industries. Let us stay on the farm. Let us remember

that our fathers sacrificed and came here for the gospel of the

Lord Jesus Christ.

I want again to assure you that the best place in the world to rear Latterday Saints is on the soil. I know of people who

have sold their farms, gone to California or some other place to work, and spent all their farms brought them. Now they are

wishing they had enough to get back to Utah.

"Oh say what is Truth? 'Tis the fairest gem

That the riches of worlds ran produce;

And priceless the value of truth will he, when

The proud monarch's costliest diadem

Is counted but dross and refuse."

We have the truth to give to the world. We have the

plan of life and salvation. We have the gospel of the Lord Jesus

Christ, and if we will live our religion, the Lord God Almighty will bless us.

"Yes, say, what is Truth? 'Tis the brightest prize

To which mortals or Gods can aspire:

Go search in the depths where it glittering lies,

Or ascend in pursuit to the loftiest skies;

'T,is an aim for the noblest desire."

Every Latterday Saint should have a desire, above all other things, that his life should proclaim the truth, and that his life should be a teacher of the truth, not only to the world, but especially to his own family.

"The sceptre may fall from the despot's grasp,

When with winds of stern justice he copes,

But the pillar of truth will endure to the last,

And its firmrooted bulwarks outstand the rude blast

And the wreck of the fell tyrant's hopes.

"Then say what is Truth? 'Tis the last and the first,

For the limits of time it steps o'er;

Though the heavens depart, and the earth's fountns burst,

Truth, the sum of existence, will weather the worst,

Eternal, unchanged, evermore."

I pray the Lord to bless us abundantly in this conference.

We are going to have more speakers than ever before, for we are going to limit the time of the speakers including myself. I

usually talk an hour in my opening address: I decided to take

thirty minutes this morning and I have just about one minute left.

We are going to depart a little from our usual custom, and call on the presidents of stakes and others to make brief addresses, not exceeding ten minutes. I earnestly pray the blessings of the Lord to attend you. Amen.

658 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Messages from the Missions

Ten Recently Baptized The elders of the Wellington N. Z., Conference report thai tneir labors

in the land of the Southern Cross during the past year have been most enjoyable and successful. Porirua, a little town in this conference ha8

been the scene of a great gathering, for at Christmas time Maoris and

Europeans from all over the Dominion were assembled to enjoy a wonderful spiritual feast. This conference, or Hue Tau, is held annually and all

who attend testify that they are, "real gatherings."We humbly acknowledge the blessings of our heavenly Father in our labors and are thankful

because of the fact that ten more souls were recently gathered into the fold.

We all look forward to the coming of the Era each month, for the encouragement and spiritual instruction which it contains are indeed inspiring.

Kia Ora from the home of the Maori.

Elders left to right, back: Royal L. Garff, Salt Lake; Ralph V. Baird,

Lewiston; Angus W. Westover. Centerfield; front, E. R. Nelson, conterence

president, Moroni, Utah; James A. Rawson, Preston, Idaho.

E. R. Nelson, Box 72, Auckland, N. Z.

New Plan of Trading Royal S. Bell, of Maryland, reports that the missionary work in the

Maryland conference is making favorable progress. The missionaries are

concentrating their efforts in introducing a new plan of systematic tracting recently designed by President B. H. Roberts for the mission, and its

effectiveness is already being shown. The work of the M. I. A. in Baltimore the past winter is very gratifying. The Era will be found in practically every home, and in spite of our limited numbers, we have been following very closely its outlines. We express our deepest appreciation for the

Era because of its elevating suggestions and the assistance is renders us in proclaiming the gospel. Last fall our missionaries began active work in

Washington, D. C, and are meeting with a marked degree of success.

EDITORS'TABLE 659

Recently a Y. L. M. I. A. was organized and this organization is now meeting in conjunction with the local priesthood. There are ahout 200 Utahns

residing in our capital city, and for that reason, it is one of the most flourishing branches of the mission.

Following are the names of the Maryland conference missionaries: Top

row, left to right, Charles J. Goodall, Price; Joseph A. Manzione, Beaver;

Albert E. Noall, Salt Lake City; Asa F. Hatch, Woods Cross; J. LeMar

Bird, Provo; Job Hemsley, Piano, Idaho; Burton E. Tew, Mapleton, Utah;

Arnold J. Koeler, Union; E. L. Sloan, Portland, Oregon. Bottom row:

Ernest R. Lee, Hyde Park, outgoing conference president; Florence Lee,

Brigham, Utah; B. H. Roberts, president Eastern states mission; Alice

Haroldsen, Idaho Falls, Idaho; Royal S. Bell, Monroe, Utah, incoming

conference president.

Seventeen Baptized The missionary labors in the Oregon conference witn headquarters at

Portland, are very encouraging. All the branches and organizations in the

conference are in splendid condition. "The Spirit giveth life,"and we are

growing, daily growing, because we have the spirit of the work. Our

choir, organized some months ago, has been under the able direction of

Brother Conrad Weber. On March 22, 1923, a grand concert was given

in the Portland chapel. Of noteworthy interest is the work being conducted

by the Relief Society. Much distress was relieved during the recent seige

of sickness and want. A successful dance netted neat returns to help

carry on their good work. Their services, March 18, in commemoration

of the organization of the Relief Society were most inspiring. We have

members who are students of the University of Oregon, at Eugene; and

at the Oregon Agricultural College, at Corvallis. Organizations there make

660 IMPROVEMENT ERA

it possible for them to attend to their Church duties. On March 4 we baptized seven, and on the17th, two other converts, which made our baptisms

number seventeen since the first of the year.

Missionaries, left to right, lop row: Winifred S. Haynie, William L.

Crane, Susan Wood, Eugene P. Walkins, mission secretary; Lelesa Rencher,

J. Lloyd Olpin, Edwin Fish. Second row: Terry J. Oldroyd, Erma McGavin,

Gene Livingston, outgoing conference president; Brigham S. Young, mission

president; Orson P. Wright, incoming conference president; Mary Mathis,

Orson Haynie. Third row: Velum JNelickcr, Allan Jensen, Josepbiue Herman, Verne G. Halliday, William H. Wall, Daena Christensen. Bottom

row: Arthur Sawyer, Milton Morrell.

The Era is enjoyed by. missionaries. They find it a source of help

in their work, and it is a big factor in making our Mutual work interesting and successful Elder Orson P. Wright, conference president.

Stuttgarter Conference Organized

President LeRoi B. Gardner of the Frankfurter conference, Germany,

reports that a conference was held at Frankfurt, January 1315, President

Serge F. Ballif being present. "There were 80 members of the priesthood

at the priesthood meeting. In this meeting, held January 13, President Ballif

proposed dividing the conference, which, up to this time,has included fifteen branches, 1500 Saints and over onefifth the total area of Germany. The

proposition was heartily received, and the Stuttgarter conference was organized out of the Frankfurter conference. Elder Armond J. Eardley

was the principal speaker and there was a good spirit fen mroughout all the meetings. Many friends reported to us that they were converted and

asked for baptism. At the missionary meeting the reports of the missionaries were excellent and President Ballif gave his usual forceful and

energetic instructions and counsel to the workers. In nearly every branch

EDITORS'TABLE 661

the Saints have started Church building associations for the purpose of collecting; money to build churches. In spite of the fact that the drop

in the value of the mark, has hit them all mighty hard, they are pushing ahead and changing the money immediately to dollars or Swiss francs, so that their savings may be safe. The missionaries are being blessed in

every way and enjoying the work immensely. We are all mighty proud

to belong to the SwissGerman mission, and our aim is to put it ahead of all other missions. The Era is one of our best helps in our missionary

labors."It might be interesting to the Era readers to know that the

letter and photograph from which this was taken was carried from Germany to the Era office with 256 marks in postage stamps.

fir * k J T—J

it '-\ J jLi\\mfAiI f T- *A "\

- *k ** * w"Y F *% w i r 'H$W V

V: V

i

Missionaries, left to right, sitting: D. Owen Thurman, Salt Lake City;

Grant Pugmire, Idaho Falls, Idaho; Llewelyn R. McKay, Ugden, Utah;

First row: Eugene Maier, Mannheim, Germany, conference secretary; Thomas Biesinger, Arthur Bohn, Salt Lake City; I eRoi B. Gardner, Lehi, president of the Frankfurter conference; Serge F. Ballif, Logan, president

SwissGerman mission; Armand J. Eardley, Salt Lake City, prtaident of the

newly organized Stuttgarter conference; Carl Trost, John H. Zenger, John

Wendel, Salt Lake City. Third row standing: Robert Hammann, Salt Lake

Ctiy; Emil Schultz, Berlin, Germany; William Ludwig, Swigau, Germany;

Cecil A. Cunningham, Grace, Idaho; John D. Montague, Elsinore; Welby

W. Bigelow, Panguitch; Arthur A. Felsted, Garland, Utah; Max Hoerold,

Goerlitz, Germany; Erich Hollstein, Koenigsberg, Germany; Frederich

Faeber, Freiburg, Germany; Richard Schuetze, Dresden, Germany.

Back row: Walter Brey, Hamburg, Germany; Alfred Hausmann, Dresden, Germany; Clifton N. Ottosen, Manti; Wallace E. Broberg, Salt Lake

City; Henry Brown, Ogden; Averill Warren Larson, Ephraim, Utah;

James C. Sharp, St. Anthony, Idaho; Scot Hillam, Brigham City; Raymond

L. Margetts, Salt Lake City; LeRoy Bunnel, Provo, Utah; Curt Haehle.

Chemnitz, Germany; Russel B. Swenson, Pleasant Grove; Ludwig, H.

Schoberth, Salt Lake City; John Mack, Rexburg, Idaho.

Sacramental Meeting May 13 to be in Charge of Aaronic

Priesthood

There has been sent to the presidencies of the various stakes of Zion.

a request by the First Presidency of the Church that members of the Aaronic priesthood shall conduct the exercises in the Sacramental meetings in all the wards of the Church on May 13. The following suggestive program

has been sent by the Presiding Bishopric to the wards of the Church, and will give a clear idea of the exercises to be carried out, of course, always under the direction of the bishops of the wards:

Suggestive Program

1. Opening song by the Aaronic priesthood: ''Come, all ye sons of God."

The deacons, and if necessary, teachers and priests should be organized into a chorus and trained to render the hymns that will be sung. It is preferable for that occasion that the chorister and the

organist, also, be a member of the Aaronic priesthood.

2. Prayer by a priest or teacher.

3. The Aaronic priesthood: "An angel from on high,"to be sung as a duet

and chorus—or other suitable hymn.

4. Sacrament to be administered by two priests, assisted oy the deacons.

5. The ordination of the Prophet Joseph and Oliver Cowdery to be recited

in unison by the deacons. Doc. & Cov. 13.

Aft<*r th"sacrament is administered, it would be a very proper proceeding for one of the priests to read Doctrine and Covenants 20:

4660 inclusive.

Speakers should be selected from the Aaronic priesthood who can fittingly present a subject, or the meeting may be turned into a testimony meeting at the option of the bishopric; testimonies, however,

to be given by members of the Lesser priesthood only.

6. Singing by the Aaronic priesthood and congregation.

Books

How We Learn, is the title of a text book for the TeacherTraining classes for 1923. This is a book of some 10& pages, with 24 lessons dealing

principally with psychological topics and methods of teaching invaluable to students of teaching. The Improvement Era and other Church magazines,

as our readers have noticed, are carrying notes and comments that clear up doubtful points in the outlines for the benefit of students and teachers.

Orders for the publication will be filled by the Deseret Book Company,

Salt Lake City.

Recreational Work in the Church Assigned to the M. I. A.

On March 22, General Superintendent George Albert Smith of the

Y. M. M. I. A. sent a circular letter to the stake superintendents calling

their attention to the communication sent out by the First Presidency to the presidents of stakes under date of March 8, assigning to the M. I. A. the

supervision over the general recreational activities of the Church. They

also informed the presidents of stakes that stake and ward social committees were released, and called their attention to the importance of selecting for the new committees the very best material in the stake for leadership of our recreation and leisure time work. Superintendent Smith asks the

stake superintendents to comply with the following requests:

"Please, in company with the stake president of the Young Ladies, confer with your stake president, if you have not already done so, and perfect this organization, letting us know at once the name of the chairman of your stake committee on recreation and his address.

"Our committee of the General Board is holding weekly meetings and perfecting further plans in this important work, and we arc anxious to have our organizations in stakes and wards perfected at once. The selection of

the chairman of this work, both in the stake and ward organization, is very important, and should receive your careful and prayerful consideration."

Where these requests have not yet been complied wmi, stake superintendents are urged to take the matter up with the stake authorities without delay and report the selection of the chairman of stake recreational committees to the General Board immediately. The order of assignment and

method of organization are given in the 1923 Y. M. M. I. A. Rdnd Book,

page 155, to which officers are referred for further instructions. See also

Improvement Era for April, page 575.

Monthly Message to "M"Men By Thomas A. Beal, Member of tJie General Board

VII—PRAYER "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire,

Unuttered or expressed;

The motion of a hidden fire That trembles in the breast.''

In these beautiful words of the poet we have the true spirit of prayer.

More has been accomplished by prayer than the world has ever dreamed of.

We are told in sacred writings that if we will bow down before God and call on his name in faith that we shall receive that which we desire. This

promise has been put to the test by thousands and the request has been fulfilled. Gratitude compels us all to acknowledge divint assistance in

many things. Hundreds of testimonies have been borne of the efficacy of

prayer. Only by divine assistance as a result of faith ana prayer were the

lives of the early settlers of our commonwealth saved froin utter starvation.

All great men, both religiously and politically, as welt as poets, have 664 IMPROVEMENT ERA

been believers in prayer. We all remember the prayer of George Washington at Valley Forger Lincoln, too, was a believer in prayer and sought

divine guidance in handling the affairs of this great nation in times of peril and destruction. It was not by chance that the great men of the world were

believing men. They were great men because they had the courage and imagination to believe greatly—to believe in a personal God and to call upon

him for assistance. The poets have frequently expressed their belief in

prayer. Coleridge in the Ancient Mariner says

"He prayeth best who loveth best

All things, both great and small;

For the dear God who loveth us,

He made and loveth all.

And Ella Wheeler Wilcox says "I do not attempt to say < That literal answers come from heaven,

But this I know that when I pray

A comfort and a solace is given.

Even the disbeliever is known to have sought the Lord in prayer in moments of danger. Why? Because he felt that only the Lord could

help him.

However, prayer without faith and action to accompany it will avail us little. More than words alone is necessary. God expects every one to do

his part. He who prays just to be seen has already received his reward in

r.eing seen. The Lord does not expect us to seek him boldly and audaciouslyjbut rather in humility, believing that he can and will answer

our supplications, if we offer them in faith and keep his commandments. Believing in the promises of the Lord men have undertaken great tasks

in the interests of humanity. Joseph the Prophet, though only a boy, one

day in reading the scriptures came across the passege in James 1: 5, 6, which

reads: "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, who gjveth to all

men liberally and unbraideth not, and it shall be given him. But let him

ask in faith, nothing wavering. For he that wavereth is like wave of the

sea driven with the wind and tossed."Confidence in this promise led him

to seek the Lord in prayer, concerning the different churches then extant, as to which one was true so that he might know which to join. In answer

to his supplication he received a personal visitation of the Fatner and the

Son and was advised to join none of them, for though they had a form of

Godliness they denied the power thereof. Would space permit, numerous

instances might be given to show that prayers have been answered.

The radio and wireless are among the best evidences in the world that it is possible for God to hear our prayers. If man can talk to man

thousands of miles away without wires on which to carry that message, is it not just as reasonable that the Creator of all can also hear messages that are sent to him? But whether our petitions will be answered or not

is another question. That will depend on their reasonableness. Just as

a wise parent often refuses the request of a child, so will our heavenly

Parent refuse our requests if they are not for good. Our daily thought

should be to our Maker to help us to guide ourselves aright so that we may be of the greatest service to him and to mankind.

"There are only two alternatives in this world; either the whole universe is a whim, or a caprice, and doomed to destruction, or eise there is a

God behind it all, watching the battle, guiding it and managing the whole creation as a vast mechanism for the production of personality and character, which are eternal. We can take our choice. We can, if we choose,

regard life as one instant in a 'brief and discreditable episode,'or we can

MUTUAL WORK 665

think of ourselves as Jesus Christ thought of himself, as a Son of Cod, and heir to eternity."But don't imagine that it makes no difference how we

choose. Life is not merely a tissue of paper to be crumpled and tossed into

a great discard. Life is real. What would be more futile than spending a

lifetime building a character that is to end at the grave?

Prayer increases faith, and likewise faith precedes prayer. To strengthen

our faith it is necessary to pray always. Spiritual growth comes from prayer

and faith. The "M"Men would do well to adopt as their slogan for the

coming year: We stand for spiritual growth through individual and family

prayer.

A Director of Music for the M. I. A.

B. Cecil Gates, graduate of the Charwenka Conservatory of Music, Berlin, was recently nominated by the superintendency of the Y. M. M. I. A.

and sustained by the Ceneral Board as music director of the Y. M. M. I. A.

of the Church, at a meeting of the Board, held March 21. 1923. B. Cecil

Gates is a member of the faculty of the L. D. S. School of Music, and has

been head of the music work of the L. D. S. U. for about ten years. Besides that, he has been assistant director of the Tabernacle choir for about

four years, and is a competent musician, teacher and composer from whom we may expect great assistance in the furtherance of music in the Y. M. M. I.

A.

Home Dramatic Company, Ephraim

W. M. Orrock of Mt. Pleasant, Utah, reports that the Mutual Improvement

Associations of the Mt. Pleasant wards, North Sampete stake, presented a

four act drama in the High School auditorium on February 27, entitled, "Christopher Junior."It is a high class performance with an excellent cast

under the direction of Mrs. Francis Nelson. Members participating are as

if i

follows, left to right: William M. Orrock—Christopher. Junior; Ray

Jorgensen—Mr. Glibb; Florence Merz—Mrs. Jedbery; Arthur Wheeler

Whimper; Eva Truscott—Nellie; Vernon Anderson—Job; Helen Larson,

Dora; Merrill Olson—Jedbery, Sr; Luella Jorgensen—Mrs Glibb; CarolMadsen—Bellaby; Marcus Marx—Simpson. Theodore Christensen, who

took the part of major, was not present when the picture was taken. This

is but one of the many creditable dramatic intertainments that have been given by the young people of the M. I. A. throughout the Church the

666 IMPROVEMENT ERA

past winter and this spring, as a part of their activities in the Mutual

Improvement work.—

Monthly Joint M. I. A. Meetings

A series of twelve programs under the general title, "The Faith of

Our Fathers,"will be offered for use in fast Sunday joint meetings of the

M. I. A. for the year. These subjects may be given as addresses, or may

be subdivided, giving opportunity for several members to take part in one evening. The thought throughout should be to show what kind ot taith

our fathers had and not merely to present facts in story form or otherwise.

For the first meeting in June the following is suggested:

The Faith of our Fathers in a Living, Personal God. References: History of the Church, vol. 1, or any Church volume containing an account of

the Prophet Joseph's first vision; Life of Joseph Smith, page 302; Life

of Heber C. Kimball, page 437; Leaves from my Journal, chapter 19; A

Striilg of Pearls, pages 9495.

It would be well to have parents and acquaintances of members of the associations, as well as Church leaders, give their experiences on the subject. The above is a mere suggestion for June, 1923; and twelve lessons

provided by the General Hoards will be published hereafter, covering the monthly joint meetings for the year.

Off for Zion, Bryce and Cedar Breaks

H. S. Alvord, scoutmaster of Minersville, Utah, reports that the troop,

of which the above is a group picture, was taken while spenumg a day in the Union Pacific shops, and printing offices in getting pointers from the

doctors on the care of the mouth and teeth, as well as first aid, all of which happened in Milford. "Our local troop expects to take a trip to Zion, Bryce,

and Cedar Breaks this spring. In two undertakings we nave been able

to clear something like $56 for this purpose, and are arranging for more entertainments.. The boy scouts arrange and produce the entertainments,

as well as the instructive things."

MUTUAL WORK 667

The Thousand Per Cent Team

Orion Jensen, president of the Second ward Y. M. M. I. A., Brigham

City, Utah, sends this picture of the Second ward M. I. A. baseball team

for last year, 1922. He calls it the 1000% team. Under the management

of Dr. R. A. Pearse and W. H. Stayner, these boys did not lose a game

during the whole season in the Box Elder stake M. I. A. league, which

comprised eight teams. Names of the boys from left to right: Armstrong

Pearce, Ray Facer, W. H. Stayner, manager; Leland Davis, Theodore Nelson, Norman Peterson. Front row: Earl Facer, Harper Pearse, Julius Burt,

LeRoy Hess, and Henry Nelson.

"M"Men Banquet Owen McGary, secretary Shelley stake, Idaho, reports "an 'M'Men'.*

banquet for the Shelley stake, Idaho, held on the evening of Mjirch 10, 1923.

Supervisor Z. Reed Miller mailed each 'M* man in all the wards of the stake

an inivtation, to bring, a sandwich, a piece of cake, and a cheery spirit, and meet the stake members in the Basalt chapel at 6 o'clock. They came, with

a number, of bishops, their counselors, Young Men's superintendency and members of the stake presidency, all of whom made a jolly, live bunch.

Getacquainted games, program numbers, talks by bishops, a humorous debate, entitled, 'Resolved that the Ford is an animal'; and the partaking of

the splendid cafeteria luncheon of sandwiches, pickles, salad, cakes and juicy apples, were among the doings. During the feasting a bishop's counselor

said, 'If the 'M'Men can do this often, I do not care how often they do it.'

He is a man who loves good food and a good time."

668 IMPROVEMENT ERA

M. I. A, in Canada

Secretary John T. PaTadise of the Canadian mission, writes from Toronto,

Canada, April 9: "The fruits of the labors of the missionaries of the

Canadian mission have been manifest by the number who have been converted and the number of friends and investigators who are visited regularly by the missionaries. Canada seems to be a rich field,

and no doubt, many honest souls will enter in by the gate into the sheepfold as the months and years go by. There are eight conferences in the

mission now and three organized branches. In the Toronto conference the

Mutual Improvement Association is fully organized, and a good attendance is usually present at each of the meetings, which for convenience, are held on Thursday evenings. The M. I. A. program is carefully carried out,

and the lessons as given in the Era are studied and appreciated by the

Advanced Senior class."

The Genuine Sport Spirit In the last number of the Era a trip of the Almo and Malta M Men teams to Grouse Creek, for a basket ball contest was mentioned. We

learn from Superintendent J. Henry Thompson, Raft River stake, that four

days were taken for the journey, under circumstances that ougnt to interest boys who have less difficulty in getting to their contests. Such experiences as the Almo and Malta young men had are calculated to test

the genuine sport spirit, and make character. Superintendent Thompson

accompanied the boys, and writes: '"Yours Truly'was a signt to behold.

I got very 'snow burned.'I work indoors entirely, and the sun reflection

on the snow fields sure did bore in. Brother Lorenzo Durfee, my second

assistant, accompanied us. We left Almo on March 14 about 8:30 a. m. in a

raging blizzard, in 'white tops.'We arrived at the foot of ine mountain

dividing the two valleys about 1 p. m. where Bishop Ernest Simpers met

us, and reaching his home his wife insisted that we all have dinner. We

readily abided by her counsel, and ate. Meanwhile, the bishop prepared his

bob sleigh and hooked our four head of horses onto it. Next we all

piled on and away we went. The snow was deep right from the start, and

the horses couldn't make the summit half way up. We then started afoot, Indian file. Bishop Simpers turned his outfit and went home, 'we had 'some'

scramble through the snow! A new ten or twelve inches had just fallen, and

say,the wind did sift it along! Our tracks were blown out in three minutes.

Personally, I had a hard time. I was the heaviest of all the reilows. My avoirdupois was against me and I sounded bottom quite frequently. We had to

follow the ridge mostly, and just literally wade through the unavoidable drifts. We took turns in breaking trail. Getting down into the canyon on the

other side of the summit, end, turning a corner into the high brush, we met Bishop W. F. Richcns, of Grouse Creek, with a fourhorse bob

sleigh outfit. He had gone just about as far as he could with his outfit.

How we did appreciate rolling into that sleigh, tired and legweary! We

drove into Grouse Creek, twelve miles furher on, in good time for supper, and then off to the games. The Grouse Creek Church is a beautiful whiterock structure, good to look upon, with electric lights, amusement hall

in the basement, and altogether a remarkable Church house—a real credit

to the community. Our boys from Malta and Almo iam>red under a

handicap, in that the baskets or hoops were only two feet froir* the ceiling, and so, in the natural order of things, they had a poor show for scoring, the Grouse Creek people being used to the peculiar situation of the baskets, the visitors lost both games, but felt pretty good over it, and promised the

Grouse Creek boys a hot contest when they return the games, 70 miles away, over on the Malta side of the mountain. We arrived home on the 17th of

March just in time to help the Relief Society eat luncheon at their an- f

MUTUAL WORK 669 niversary party. We had a fourday trip in storm and sunshine, and no one

regretted it. Grouse Creek has a good name for hospitality. Interward

activities are quiet a problem with us. It means the expenditure of much

time and some means in travel, but we are grateful for the large measure of response which is forthcoming. The M. I. A. workers are longing for

the time when we shall have an adequate stake house for recreational acthe fund for this purpose tivities and tournaments. We are working 1 on

and have about onehalf of our quota paid.'

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, March, 1923

j3"13 STAKES.2 B.2 E;-} = c<u—O 1 o c

<< < < >5 Bear River 509 12 12, 100 259 151 T5T 701 80 | 112 75 3 360

Beaver 287 6 4 36 I 71 55 101 263 31 | 65 46 82 224

Benson 841 13 13 113 I 129 250* | 328 8 20 94 I 61 120 209 484

Box Elder 800 12 13 103 j 319 188 I 255 865 85 225 124 158 592

Cache 520 8 8| 92 | 76 178 267 613 69 [ 33 135 197 432

Carbon 360 9 3 25 | 90 46 97 258 20 I 33 12 22 87

Cottonwood 789 12 8 75] 90 171 236 572 44 I 29 80 | 159 312

Deseret 454 11 11 80 [ 190 110 170 550 50 103 | 54 | 89 296

Duchesne 340 13 9 44 | 64 89 92 289 37 | 36 | 44 | 58 175

Emery 555 10 6 52 I 90 164 181 487 ( 42 62 106 I 130 340

Granite 1881 16 16 172 I 233 379 | 647 1431 | 143 lis 204 424 889

Hyrum 500 10 6 61 I 67 85 I 1.01 314 I 43 38 44 60 185

Juab 356 5 5 49 I 100 106 146 | 401 34 69 72 100 275

Kanab 222 6 6 44 | 62 39 102 I 247 I 25 32 22 57 136

Liberty 1200 11 11 102 | 285 312 511 1210 I 87 1 IT 180 334 748

Logan 608 11 11 106 90 164 261 I 611 | 90 60 95 196 441

Millard 338 33 65 77 68 | 243 | 27 I 32 3u | 31 120

Morgan 202 59 57 70 121 | 307 I 39 I 27 43 81 190

Mt. Ogden 507 6 50 89 118 213 | 470 | 39 74 155 313

I 60 I 79 112 251 6 1 sNebo 968 15 16 105 180 209 366 431 52 38 123 250 64 72 97 198 8 8No. Davis 446

l I 723 I| 10 91 224 140 138 431 236 I| 9 172 578 1No. Sanpete

No. Sevier 156 6 4 26 84 56 77 | 243 I 26 | 57 27 I 47 1.">7

No. Weber 64 I 17 15 102 61 238 230 I 631 7o | ij 110 1 1 is 324

Ogden 800 | 10 10 93 99 231 | 240 663 72 I 40 109! 147 368

Pioneer 920; 13 13| 85 186 211 363 875 I 83 141 I 2 29 545

Roosevelt 340 11 11 I 84 103 87 127 4 01 | 59 52 I 79 250

St. George 666 14 10 N5 142 239 2 1 5 681 | 60 ins 134 363

106 517 12 174 392 874 124 184 911 251Salt Lake 1067

'2S9 I 106 II 45 118 33 || 83 22 I 31 <:u| 67 270 I 4 41San Juan

Sevier 36 3 | 6 6 5 1 122 120 152! 44S 40 I 40 47| 86 213

So. Davis 197 | 8 8 68 I 88 161 229 I 546 is 68 S!t j 109 314

So. Sanpete 734 I 1 1 9 j 55 | 128 210 189 I 582 r.3 63 122 I 12 3 361

Summit 359 I I 1 9 I 83 | 60 139 | 165 [ 44"7 1 35 2 1 39 I 56 164

Tintlc 230 5 6 31 | 77 56 117 I 281 I 19 j 43 | 27 I 80 169

Tooele 420 | II I 10| 59 90 I 75 1 88 312 37 1 48 34 1 39 168

Uintah 6 1 4 | 81 57 59 | 150 | 141 407 |:, I 40 70 1 73 I 237

Wasatch 386 I 9 54 97 I 142 1 116 409 | 11 55 I 88 ] 66 860 23 190 83 56 60 145 115 266 40 el >lWayne 17 J

1 | I | | 98 516 i 59 1 184 ( 280 74 175 I 120 I 8 1 I 42|Weber 630

Bear Lake 395 | ii I 75 I 79 | 124 | 177 455 I 55 46 64 1 105 | 270

Bingham 500 | 1 2 j 83 212 j 114 | 156 565 | 41 64 45 I 56! 206

Blackfoot 514 12 I 86 122 95 | 151 463 1 56 73 54 70 253

Poise 330 I 81 30 | 49 | 49 1 57 195 1 20 35 37 24 1 116

Burley 399 | 10 78 144 | 126 | 137 485 1 IS 79 68 72 267

Cassia 208 6 41 I 77 j 62 | 77 257 | 26,T1 39 52 168

Curlew 130 I 10 40 I 49 I 38 | 60 187 | 21 15 19 29 84

Franklin 357 I 11 103 I 161 161 | 190 615 | 6S 25 70 6* 231

670 IMPROVEMENT ERA Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, March, 1923

T3 bC STAKES to <D G/JJ3.2 8

II'on'<w cW

Fremont 680 13 13 117 189 236 227 769 85 115 152 132 484

Idaho 117 12 4 36 24 17 17 94 26 16 8 12 62

Lost River 127 5 5 83 71 71 80 305 35 68 28 36 167

Malad 361 8 8 60 60 190 132 442 45 33 119 77 274

Oneida 376 11 11 89 136 83 154 462 43 47 46 69 205

Pocalello 432 10 8 70 55 107 135 367 47 28 DD 69 200

Portneuf 348 13 9 84 105 111 115 415 50 45 51 60 206

Raft River 160 11 8 36 87 42 51 216 24 40 20 39 123

Rigby 543 15 13 97 148 124 166 535 76 81 96 120 373

Teton 300 8 6 49 22 79 39 189 38 32 40 23 138

Twin Falls 214 9 7 57 54 71 73 255 45 43 56 73 217

Juarez 120 5 5 24 60 30 33 147 19 45 20 22 106

Alberta 345 11 11 78 170 133 186 576 59 98 84 126 367

Lethbridge 216 10 10 76 122 77 100 375 59 59 41 61 220

Los Angeles 400 7 6 50 136 113 72 371 42 101 89 52 284

Maricopa 390 9 9 68 183 108 157 516 53 79 71 86 289

St. Johns 229 8 5 30 48 87 61 226 21 33 62 32 148

St. Joseph 500 13 5 42 48 64 88 242 32 30 48 68 178

San Luis 210 4 4 37 61 72 61 231 31 41 51 45 168

Snowflake 258 7 7 47 100 45 118 310 30 60 14 56 160

Taylor 332 6 6 51 144 130 143 468 43 88 95 103 329

Union 160 6 6 44 68 39 50 201 34 29 23 21 107

Woodruff 425 8 6 60 80 68 95 303 45 65 50 75 235

Young 103 5 4 27 37 40 38 142 24 24 27 29 104

Y. M, M. I. A. Efficiency Report, March, 1923

"to a, J<! >- >E X fe <s s m

to C u O o be COu a gSwS i. ii <% u u "c3o STAKES to uW 0| T bo J*0 'u'C '3 1 CD to to 3Ot)

s u O..H C/3 0*

Bear River.... 10 1 7| 10 10 10 10 10 | 10 | 10 9 j 96

9 1 8| 7 1 7 7 5 5 1 7| 5 6 | 66 9 8 9 10 10 8 S7 10 10| 61 7| J

1 1 9 10 7 10 | 10 | 10 93 9 j 9| | 10 | 9| 10 | 10 | 10 1 9 1 9 9| 5| 10 1 10 | 9| 91 7 4 10 1 10 10 10 10 9 | 10 1 5 1 85

Cottonwood |..7| 6 7 7 6 5 7| 6 1 5 1 4 60

10| 61 8 1 101 9| 9| 7 10 I 6 | 6| 81

Duchesne | 81 10 1 5 | 2 6 31 5 71 5| 3 1 54 8 io 10 | 6 10 91 6 10 1'a i 9 87 10 | 10 | 10 | 10 | 10 10"7| 10 j 10 | 10 1 97

I 10| 10 | l 92Hyrum j 7| 71 10 | 10| 10 | 9| '10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100 10 | 10 | 10 10,

1 9 I S || 8 1 | 10 8 | 79 | 10 8 1 10 | 61 | 10| 9| 10 | 9| 10 | 10 1 10 1 10 | 10 | 10| 98 9 10 10 I 10 96 10 10| 10 10 8| 9 J

| 4..1 67 8 10 7 I| 10] 1 51 511 10 1 81

1 6| 51 82Morgan | 10 | 61 8 1 10 | 10'10 1 7 1 10 9| 10| 10 | 10 10 91 10 1 10 | 10 | 7 [ 95 9 8 1 10 | 10 | io 1 7| 71 10 | 10 [ 7 1 88

North Davis.... | 91 7 1 10 | 10 | 91 10| 91 10 | ioi 8 1 92

North Sanpete.. | 10 1 6| 7 1 61 9| 8| 8| 8| 8| 6 j 76

MUTUAL WORK 671 Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, March, 1923

'Z 9 5 c OC Vo muo B)

bo vO tl STAKES 'o Oh-5 Oh I'/J HP*U

North Sevier... I in III 10 -'in 5| 7 6| 5| 2 fifi

North Weber... 9 8 7 5 8 8 9 9 9 7 79

Ogden 8 6 10 9 8 9 10 10 10 9 89 9 10 10 10 9 8 10 | 8 8 90 10 B 1 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 8 96

St. George 10 7 6 8 9 7 8 9 3 5 72

Salt Lake 8 9 10 9 10 9 10 9 9 9 92 10 4 10 10 10 10 6 10 10 9 89 Sevier 10 10 8 10 10 10 10 10 9 94

South Davis.... 10 9 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 7 95

South Sanpete.. 7 7 7 6 7 8 5 8 5 7 67

Summit | 10 4| 7 6 7 8 9 10 4 5 7(1

Tintie 10 10 10 10 8 8 10 10 10 8 94 7 6 10 6 10 10 10 lu 10 7 85 Uintah 7 6 d 3 7 8 8 10 8 4 67 10 8 9 fi 10 9 10 10 9 7 88 10 5 8 3 8 10 7 10 6 2 69 9 8 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 9 95 10 6 8 7 9 8 8 9 7 3 75 10 4 7 9 10 9 9 7 fi 9 80 Blaokfoot 8 8 10 7 10 9 9 10 8 7 84

Blaine | 10 6 1 10 | 5 7 5 7 10 g 5 70

Boise 8 8 10 4 10 9 7 10 10 4 76 10 6 7 6 10 9 9.. 9 7 6 79

10 6 8 8 8 10 10 10 8 7 85 10 5 6 6 8 9 9 8 4 4 69 10 4 8 8 10 10 8 7 7 3 75 10 9 8 9 10 9 9 10 10 8 92 8 9 2 3 3 3 3 I 3 3 5 4 2 Lost River 10 6 10 5 10 10 7 10 10 82 10 9 8 10 10 10 10 1 io 9 8 94 10 r> 9 8 10 9 8 7 7 6 | 79 9 5 8 7 8 6 7 7 8 4 69 10 7 9 3 10 7 6 9 5 2 1 68 Raft River 10 6 9 2 7 10 10 8 6 5 73 1 S!)Rigbv 10 10 10 5 10 8 fi 10 10 10

Teton 9 9 8 4 I 10'1 io 1 8 1 10 8 1 81

Yellowstone.... 10 10 10 fi 1 10 6 10! io 1 9 5 i 88

10 10 10 6 10 10 10 10 10 94 Alberta 10 8 8 10 8 9 9 8 7 6 | 83

Lethbridge 10 6 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 10 95

Los Angeles... 9 10 8 fi 1 10 S 8 1 9 9 9 1 83

10 6 9 10 1 10 10 10 1 10 10 10 I nr.

St. Johns 10 10 4 4 4 8 4 1 7 4 2 1 57

St. Joseph 2 8 10 fi 10 8 fi 10 8 6 I 74

San Luis 10 10 10 3 1 10 9 6 10 a 6 1 77 10 8 10 5 1 8 1 9 1 9 1 7 1 5 6 1 77

Tavlor 10 9 10 10 1 10 10 10 1 10 10 10 I 99

Union 10 fi 9 5 1 10 1 io 1 9 1 10 1 8 fi 1 83

Woodruff 7 10 8 4 1 fi fi 4 1 10 2 2 I 57 1 io 1 io 1 10 1 2 1 8 1 8 1 4 1 8 1 4 1 4 1 68

The M. I. A. June Conference

The annual June conference of the M. I. A. will be held on June 8, 9.

and 10. First class program. Department meetings of Advanced Senior.

Senior, and Junior and Scout departments, for officers, will be an outstanding feature. The usual meetings and entertainments. All workers

are invited. Come and have a good time.

ii

Hyrum Fisher Smith died, March 9, at his home in Provo. He was

the eldest son of the late Patriarch John Smith.

Princess Yolanda was married, April 9, in Rome, to Count de Bergolo.

She is the eldest daughter of King Victor Emmanuel and Queen Helena, of

Italy.

Utah's wool crop, this season, is estimated at fourteen million pounds, valued at $6 500,000. Preshearing sales have ranged from 43 to 50 cents

a pound.

The D. H. Peery building in Ogden, was destroyed by a fire, March 14,

which, at one time, threatened the entire business district of the city. The

damage is estimated at $360,000.

Former Quen Milci.a, oi Montnogro, did at Antibes, France, March

16, at the age of 76 years. She was known among her people as the "peasant queen,"because she had spent part of her early years on a farm.

President Heber J. Grant was elected a director of the Union Pacific

Railroad Co., April 10, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Wm. G.

Rockefeller. The meeting was held in the Salt Lake offices of the company.

Fascisti societies are being formed in the United States, according to an announcement by the Fascisti prime minister of Italy. His idea is to keep

the Italian "colonists"in America "strictly Italian and devoted to Italian interests."

The new Ensign tvard chapel was dedicated, Sunday, April 1, by President Heber J. Grant. The building is situated at Ninth Avenue and D St.,

Salt Lake City, and is one of the very handsome and convenient places of worship in the city.

Elders Charles S. Hyde and Fred Tadje left for Europe, March 16, where

they will preside over the Netherlands and the Swiss and German missions, respectively. They were accompanied by their families and six missionaries

appointed to labor in various parts in Europe.

Rodney C. Badger, Salt Lake City, died, at a hospital, April 12, of

blood poisoning. He was born in Salt Lake City in 1848, and has lived

here ever since. For the last five years he has been in the service of the

Zion's Saving Bank and Trust Company. For many years he was a member

of the General Board Y. M. M. I. A.

Human flesh is sold for food in Russia*, according to a statement made by Dr. Hamilton Holt, is an address to the students of the university of

Utah, as reported in the press. Dr. Holt is the editor of the Independent,

and a member of the National League to Enforce Peace.

U. S. Senator, Samuel D. Nicholsen, of Colorado, died, at Denver, March

24, after a month's illness. The cause of death was declared to be cancer of

PASSING EVENTS 673

the liver. For some time previous to his fatal illness, he suffered slight

pains which he ascribed to indigestion, but his condition grew gradually more serious until the end came.

John M. Redmond was 100 years old, April 11. He ceieorated the day

at the home of his granddaughter, Mrs. James Allerman, Salt Lake City.

He gave several vocal solos in a creditable manner. He nas been a resident

of Utah since 1877, and a member of the Church for 82 years. He was

converted in England, his native country.

The population of Salt Lake City is estimated at 126J241, by the census bureau provided that the growth conditions have continued as they were in 1920. That was the report sent out from Washington, April 6lh. New York,

by the same report, is nearing the sixmillion mark; Chicago has nearly three

millions; Philadelphia two, and Detroit, one million.

Stuyvesant Fish died, April 10, as he entered the National Park bank, of which he was a director, to attend a meeting. The cause ot death was

heart trouble. Fish was formerly president of the Illinois Central, and a

dominant figure in the finan: ial world. He was born in New York, June 24,

1851, and served in President Grant's cabinet as secretary of state.

A neiv anesthetic was declared a success, in an announcement from

Chicago, March 16. It was discovered fourteen years ago and has been

perfected and tried in several hospitals. With the new gas, we are told,

tere is no choking or gagging. It deadens pain and leaves no bad aftereffects. The anesthetic is called athylene gas and is formed from illuminating gas.

William H. Cussily, Tooele, Uiali, died in that city, March 18, after

an illness of five weeks. At the time of his death he was city judge; also

first counselor in the North ward bishopric. He has held many important

positions both in the Church and the community and filled them with ability and devotion to duty. He was born at St. Louis, Mo., March 14, 1856.

He came to Tooele City 50 years ago.

Utah rises to second place in beet sugar production; Colorado standing first. The lineup of the other states is in the following order: Nebrsaka, Michigan, California. Idaho, Ohio, Montana, Wyoming, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Indiana, Washington, and Kansas. The total production

of beet sugar in the United States for the season of 19221923 was 13,498,- 900 bags, while that of the previous season was 20,403,384 bags.

Tlie Earl of Carnarvon died, April 4, at Cairo, Egypt, of blood poisoning, due to the bite of an insect. He has been prominent before the public

lately, as the discoverer of the grave of TutAnkh-Amen in the Valley of

Kings, near Luxor, Egypt. Shortly before his death, an Arab priest, Abdulla Ben Aliba, said he would die at the time of the full moon, because the

curse of Allah was upon him for having disturbed the grave of the pharaoh.

Ezra Thompson, a former mayor of Salt Lake City, died, April 8, at his home in this city, from a complication of diseases, 73 years of age. He was

born in Salt Lake July 17, 1850, and became one of the largest real estate owners here. In 1898, he was elected mayor of Salt Lake and remained in

office till 1904. In 1906 he was again elected on the socalled "American"

ticket. At this time he resigned after a year's service. He was also a successful mining operator.

William E. Cunninglwm perished in the flames which destroyed the

Arlington hotel,1 March 14. He was a veteran railroad man, known as

"Bingham Bill"Cunningham from the fact that he was formerly conductor 674 IMPROVEMENT ERA

on the Denver & Rio Grande Western train operating between Salt Lake and Bingham. The partly charred body was found in the ruins of the hotel

at 11:30 o'clock March 16, by E. S. Barker, Ezra W. Paul, and C. E. Perry.

Soon after the removal of the body to the Kirkendall mortuary, Wells Cunningham, a son of the veteran, identified the body.

Elder Harden Beniiion was appointed first counselor in the Salt Lake

Stake presidency, March 11, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Elder

Edward T. Ashton. He was born at Taylorsville, Utah, 1862. Legislative

duties first brought him to Salt Lake, when he served two terms in the state legislature from the Twelfth district beginning in 1899. For eight

years he served on the state board of equalization, resigning in 1916 when he was elected secretary of state in which capacity he served a fouryear term. Elder Bennion has been a member of the presidency of the Uintah

stake for two years and has held various offices in the Church.

President Heber J. Grant arrived home from the coast, March 19. During his visit to Los Angeles he addressed a number of wellattended meetings. The following ward officials were appointed: Hollywood. Melbourne

C. Stewart, bishop; Angus E. Peterson, first counselor; Wilbur W. Conover,

second counselor; Mathoni Mead Pratt, clerk; Boyle Heights, Daniel P.

Cheney, bishop; Charles C. Brent, first counselor; John T., Arbridge,

second counselor; Ezra L. Marler. clerk; Adams ward, Hans B. ielson,

bishop. Gatherings in Los Angeles were also addressed by Presiding

Bishop C. W. Nibley, President Joseph W. McMurrin of the California mission. Elder John A. Widtsoe and Oscar A. Kirkham executive director

of the Y. M. M. I. A.

The Party of Freedom, or the League of Liberty, is the name of a new political organization. Ernest Bamberger is mentioned as one of the

leaders of the "conservative wing"of the party. There is, also, as appears

from the Tribune, April 1, a "Bolshevik"wing. To place a ticket in the

field in the fall city election and to support men for office for all city, school district, county and state elections who believe in the liberal policies of the organization embodied in resolutions passed by the Party of Freedom at a meeting, March 31, is the aim of the party. Plans for its perpetuation

were discussed. The right of American citizens to use public restaurants as

smoking rooms was not discussed, but it was stated emphatically that a party was needed that would not stand for "religious interference in government."

Samuel A. Whitney died, March 16, at the home of his daughter, Mrs.

Mary A. Stringham, at Millville, Utah. He was born at Palmyra, Union

Co., Ohio, Nov. 10, 1840, and was the son of Alonzo Wells Whitney.

The elder Mr. Whitney joined the Church early in 1840 and not long after

moved to Nauvoo, 111. There he passed through the persecutions and was

finally driven across the Mississippi and died there. At the age of nearly 7

years Samuel A. Whitney started with other pioneers across the plains and

arrived in Utah September 29, 1847, with the second company of pioneers that came to the valley. Mr. Whitney came to Logan, April 19, 1860,

and has lived there ever since that time. He served with the Thomas

E. Ricks company of minutemen in Indian fights in the valley and fulfilled

a mission for the L. D. S. Church by herding cattle on the Church farm

for three years. In 1864 he married Fannie Vail. Twelve children have been

born, ten of whom are living.

President Anthony W. Ivins was elected president of the board of

trustees of the Utah Agricultural College, Logan, April 2, when the board.

PASSING EVENTS 675

met to reorganize and plan for its ministration. New member-, of the board

who qualified were Hamilton Gardner and Lorenzo N. Stohl of Salt Lake,

Roy Bullen of Logan. A. R. Mclntyre of Ogden and Randall L. Jones of

Cedar City. Mr. Stohl has just been appointed but served as member of

the board and was formerly its president for many years. The retiring

members are Frank B. Stephens of Salt Lake, W. S. Hansen, George "V

Skidmore and Mrs. Lois Hayball, all of Logan. John Dern and A. G.

Barber, two board members, died during the past year. Ihe holdover

members of the board are President Ivins, Mr. Howard L. Judd. of Salt Lake,

Angus T. Wright of Ogden, Dr. 0. H. Budge and C. P. Cardon of Logan

and J. D. Peters of Brigham City.

Senator Reed Smoot returned home from Washington, March 15. He

praises the work done by the short session of the last Congress. Speaking

of the present condition in the country, he says, as quoted in one interview: "At the beginning of the session agriculture was in despondency.

There were millions of unemployed and idle cars were noted everywhere on the railroads. While agriculture has not fully recovered, it is on the

high road to normal conditions. There are no unemployed, except the lazy.

The chief trouble the railroads are having is to get cars enough to handle the traffic. Building is on the boom. Deposits in savings banks have increased and interest rates have declined. Our foreign trade is increasing

with leaps and bounds, contrary to all prediction of the calamity howlers.

Taxes for federal purposes have been reduced. Military armament has been

limited and our chief foreign credit, with England, has been funded. Peace

is assured on the Pacific and emigration has been restrained, within reasonable limits and the American business world has confidence m the future.

The Einstein theory of relativity has been confirmed, says Dr. W W.

Campbell, of the Lick Observatory, Cal., by calculations based on photographs of the sun taken by him during the total eclipse of the sun, September

21, 1922, at W nihil. Australia. Einstein maintains that light is matter, and

that the rays of a star passing close to another large celesnal bodv would, therefore, be bent out of their course by gravitation. This, Mr. Campbell

thinks, the photographs prove. But Prof. F. J. Lee, government astronomer

at Mare Island, says he does not believe the theory is capable of proof. The

socalled Einstein theory, as explained in the dispatches, also regards time and space as relative, distance having meaning only in relation of objects to each other, and time, being measured by the relation of events, and subject to motion for its existence as a method of measurement. But it goes

further than that away from the beaten track. It regards time as a fourth

"dimension"and presents to us a "world;"composed of events, each of

which is described by four numbers namely, the three wellknown space coordinates and a time coordinate. A fourdimensioned wnd is, by no

means, a new concept, but it fits well into the new theory.

Indiarts go on the ivarpath, near Blanding, Utah, to rescue two of their band sentenced to jail for robbing a sheeytherder. A pitched battle was fought

March 20, and one Indian known as Bishop's Boy. was killed. The trouble

dates to May, 1921. At the sheepcamp of Floyd Nielson numerous petty robberies had occurred. One night Bishop's Boy and another Indian Miown as

Dutch's Boy were caught. It was thes; two who were placed on trial for the

thefts in Blanding before a justice of the peace. Meanwhile members of the

band had been notified. They appeared in a body in a village street bedecked

in war paint. At noon time, the two prisontrs disarmed the sheriff and escaped. Armed posses were then sent into the hills and the battle ensued.

Nine Indians were captured and one was killed by the posse, March 22, in Dark canyon, beyond Comb wash. Five of the captives escaped

676 IMPROVEMENT ERA

during the night, and the other four were taken to Blanding. The Indians,

it was said, had been reinforced by Utes and Piutes from Utah, New Mexico, and Arizona. The leader is "Old Posey,"who led the band in the disturbances and looting expeditions some years ago. On March 24, a reward

of $100. was offered by the state for the capture of "Old Posey."

Aretta Young, born September 10, 1864, in St. Charles, Idaho, was the

daughter of Franklin and Anna M. Sabin Young. She died Sunday, March

25, 1923, at Provo, Utah. She entered the Brigham Young University first

in 1883. With the odds of ill health against her, she made an heroic struggle

to remain in school a year and had it not been for the kindness extended to her by Dr. Karl G. Maeser she must have given up in despair. She

returned to the Brigham Young Academy three different times after her first entrance into the school, and graduated from the normal department.

She was gifted in art lines, and no person ever connected with the institution has done more exquisite needle work than she. Since her return

from Columbia University, where she made a specialty of drawing and painting, her creative instinct has expressed itself mainly in drawing and water color. She has written all her life, chiefly poems. Practically

every magazine in the Church has published at some time or other her verses. Always very fond of flowers, she has been more responsible than

any other person connected with the institution for the cut flowers found on the rostrum, in the faculty room, and in the offices of the president and president emeritus. With the exception only of President George H. Brimhall, she was the senior member of the faculty of the Brigham Young

University. An excellent teacher, she at one time stood at the head of the

normal training school of the Brigham Young] Academy, gaining recognition for the clever manner in which she presented stories to children.

Madame Sarah Bernhardt died, March 26, at her home in Paris. The

death was due to uraemic poisoning. At her bedside were the widow of

Edmond Rostand and the poet's son, Maurice Rostand; also her grandson,

M. Gosse. During a period of consciousness extreme unction was administered to her which she acknowledged with a faint movement of her

hands, being too weak to speak. She suffered greatly in her last illness,

except in the closing hours, but, ever thoughtful of others, she concealed her pain from all but Dr. Marot. From time to time she became delirious and

declaimed passages from the tragedy "Phedre"and "L'Aiglon,"her two greatest triumphs. Madame Bernhardt was born October 22, 1845, her

mother being! a Putch Jewess and her father a Frenchman. At the agu

of 12 she was sent to a French convent. At the age of 14 she was sent to

a conservatory and displayed wonderful genius for tragedy. In August, 1862,

she made her first appearance at the Comedie Francaise, and a few years later she was one of the brightest stars in the theatrical world, and she has held her popularity to the last. Madame Bernhardt has been in Salt Lake

City several times. In 1906 she played Camille at Saltair. In 1911, she

presented UAiglon at the Salt Lake theatre. In 1913 she appeared at the

Orpheum, then at State St. At that time the great Ohio flood had taken

a toll of many lives, and she volunteered to sell newspapers for the benefit of the flood sufferers. The first paper she sold was, as the writer remembers

it, a copy of The Deseret News, which brought a price of $100. In 1917

she paid another visit to Salt Lake City. At that time she had an artificial

leg, but she appeared in a sketch written especially for her and so con structed that she delivered all of her lines either standing with something to lean upon, or reclining on a couch.

Adams'Ward "M"Men

The "M"men of the Adams ward (Los Angeles M. I. A. are doing big

things. Under the direction of C. B. Stewart, Jr., and presided over by Jay

Grant, they have already put over a number of activities. On Feb. 14 they entertained at a Valentine party given at La Casa De Flores. A special fivepiece

orchestra played twenty numbers. Novelty caps were furnished to each guest

on entrance and a grand march and prize dance were other featuies of the evening. Two special piano selections were given by Elder Alex F.

Schriener. Special guests included President and Mrs. Jos. W. McMurrin,

mission M. I. A. officers and the new stake M. I. A. presidencies.

The association has successfully played Bought and Paid For, at Los

Angeles, Long Beach, and Ocean Park. At the present time they are

working on another play to be presented in the near future.- Gustive 0.

Larson.

Improvement Era, May, 1923 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rote of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mfir. iFl't

'Moroni Snow, Assistant.Edward H. Anderson, )

Religion Class of Thirtythird Ward, Salt Lake City Frontispiece

May Day. A Poem Helen Kimball Orgill 587

The Way of the World Preston Nibley 589

A Divorce Civilization Will Regret Dr. Hugh M. Woodward 592

Little Blossoms. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 595

Flowers from Memory's Garden Mrs. Deserct F. Eyring 596

The Navajo Shepherd. A Poem Joseph Longking Townsend... 599

Babies vs. Fame Mrs. Agnes Just Reid 600

Spring. A Poem M. F. Kirkham 602

Our Tribute of Love S. H. Spencer 603

Tobacco Men Shaky About Publicity Will H. Brotvn 605

Woman's. Highest Honor—Motherhood Caddie Davis 606

You Are a Believer Joseph S. Peery 608

L. D. S. University Leadership Week. Illustrated H'rmon J. Wells 609

A Poet's Spring Lament Alfred Lambourne 614

Hearts and Hollyhocks. A Story—IX Ruth Moench Bell 615

The Spring. A Poem Joseph H. Dean 619

Jim Wilcox "A Daddy."A Story D. C. Retsloff 620

Helps in TeacherTraining L. John Nultall 627

... 630We are Two. A Poem Douglas Hix

"They Grind Exceeding Small."A Story Helen Kimball Orgill 631

TutAnkh-Amen and SunWorship J. M. Sjodahl 638

Samoa's Love and Affection. Illustrated John Q. Adams 644

A Cry in the Dark. A Poem Frcsik C. Steele 650

Editors Table—The NinetyThird General Annual resident Heber J. Grant 651

Conference of the Church 651 Messages from the Missions 658 Priesthood Quorums'Table

Mutual Work 66i Passing Events University of Utah Summer School 1st Term opens June 6, closes July 18 2nd Term opens July 19, closes August 25

College courses are offered in the following subjects:

English European History Mathematics

American History Chemistry Physics French Western History

Geology Spanish Political Science Anatomy

Economics Bacteriology German Hygiene Sociology Sanitation Latin Philosophy Natural Science

Business Art Accounting Music Stenography Typewriting Public Speaking Automechanics Domestic Science Physical Education

Domestic Art Educational Administration Elementary Education Secondary Education Psychology Graduate courses are offered in French, Spanish, English,

Education, History, Political Science, Economics, Business,

Sociology, Philosophy, Psychology, Physical Education,

Hygiene, and Music.

State Welfare Conference of Social Workers, June 2529, under the leadership of Dr. Edward. T. Devine of New York

City.

Frequent lectures by some of America's most eminent educators.

Attractive program of recreational activities—dancing,

games, hikes, excursions.

Concerts and dramatics.

Fees: One term, $14.00; two terms, $21.00, including student

activity fee.

APPLY FOR CATALOG Go To Summer School

There is a real advantage in beginning a commercial course in the summer. Pupils are

thereby enabled to complete their work at a time when applicants for employment are relatively scarce. Moreover, no ambitious

young person can afford to lose the summer months.

Summer Courses

The courses offered in the L. D. S. Business

College Summer Session are identioal with those offered in winter and include preparation for all kinds of office positions. The principal subjects of instruqtion

are Bookkeeping, Shorthand, Typewriting, Penmanship, Business English,

Commercial Law, Business Arithmetic, Office Training. Complete training is

also given in the use of the Posting Machine, Burroughs Calculator, the Dictaphone, and the Mimeograph.

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

Day and Evening Sessions All the Year

Call Wasatch 3951

McCormickDeering Primrose BallBeariog

CREAM SEPARATOR AND 13 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD OWN ONE

1. Hand or power operated.

2. Ball bearings.

3. Greater capacity with less labor.

4. Slower crank speed.

5. Easier turning.

6. Less wear and longer life.

7. Improved oiling.

8. Visible oiling system.

9. Steadier running.

10. Improved tinware.

11. Antisplash supply can.

12. Convenient bowl vise.

13. Easy bowl adjustment

International Harvester Company of America

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH There's economy in storing coal during April, May and June BLACK

COALM coal There's Additional Economy In Storing "King'V'Black Hawk""Hiawatha"or PANTHER HIAWATHAK'COAL "Panther"Coal

You may prefer to store Egg, Lump, or one of the several other that hardly matters so long as you sizes—but

get the "right"coal.

ORDER FROM YOUR DEALER, BY NAME—

"KING"coal, or "BLACK HAWK"coal, etc.

UNITED STATES FUEL CO.

Miners and Shippers Salt Lake City, Utah

JOSEPH SMITH

AS SCIENTIST COMING! A book that every missionary

Monday, April 30th should have and it should be in every home.

Our 10th Anniversary PRICE REDUCED on Broadway

- - 75c A N event that will be celebrated Cloth binding now * * with values befitting the ocPaper 25ccasion.

A N event dedicated to the pub- * lie to express through worthOrder from while savings on seasonable merchandise our appreciation, for past Improvement Era patronage and invite future consideration. 67 E. South Temple St.

(See Sunday Tribune April 29th for Salt Lake City, Utah details of opening bargains) U. A. C. Summer Quarter

OPENS JUNE 4 Outstanding Features

Ample offering of graduate courses and senior college courses carrying graduate credit.

Strong lecture course, including such names as

Dr. Dallas Lore Sharpe, Professor C. J. Galpin and

Dr. Thomas D. Wood.

Complete offering of work in education and psychology affording standard training for elementary and high school teachers.

Shady Campus camping ground, with full facilities, where students may camp during their stay at

College. (For full particulars address Director of

Summer Quarter, U. A. C Logan, Utah.)

Three day excursion through Logan Canyon to

Beautiful Bear Lake. The College will furnish

transportation.

The 1923 U. A. C. Summer Quarter will be the

finest ever held at the College. Twelve full weeks of

undergraduate and graduate work. Students may

take the full quarter's work or either the first or last six weeks. Opening and closing dates are as follows:

First term opens June 4; close July 13.

Second term opens July 16; close August 24.

For Summer Quarter Catalog and for full particulars address Director of Summer School, Utah

Agricultural College, Logan, Utah.

Utah Agricultural College LOGAN UTAH You Can Accumulate $1,000 Easy

Only $5.50 Per Month Will Mature $1,000

in 132 months Monthly payments draw 6 per cent compound interest and are

1 secured by first mortgages on improved real estate. Why not save

$5.50 per month now and have $1,000 after awhile? WRITE TODAY

for particulars.

Guaranteed Securities Company 206 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

WRITE FOR BOOKLET TODAY.—Menti* En

Integrity Inspirit Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

Fire Is No Respecter Cook With of Persons Electricity

You may wait 'til tomorrow Cool, clean,to insure but the fire may not convenient and"See our agent in your town** economical SH Utah Power & UTAH HOME FIRE Light Co.

INSURANCE CO. ''Efficient Public Service"

HEBER J. GRANT, & CO.,

General Agents Everything Electrical

Salt Lake City, Utah for the Home

Settlers Wanted For Our Irrigated Farm Lands 24 Years to Pay

Investigate our irrigated lands in Millard county, Utah.

The most exceptional offer for settlers in the state. Plenty of

water, canals all built to the land, beautiful bench lands, wells for domestic water, electric lights, telephone and 35 miles of new railroad running from Delta to Fillmore, running right through our project. Land and water $110 per acre, 24 years

to pay, only $2 per acre down, no payment whatever for two years following, then 22 years on the balance. Investigate now.

Sevier River Land & Water Co.

Preston Nibley, Sales Agent 322 Ness Building Salt Lake, Utah

OFFICE FURNITURE

AND SUPPLIES

Our line of Office Furniture and Supplies is ample to meet every requirement of the most modern and upto-date office. Our

merchandise is highest grade and our prices fair If you have an office to furnish—old

or us help you out with practical new—let

suggestions. Complete information about

our lines given on request.

Write Us Today DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 E. So. Temple Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Keeley's Ice Cream was complimented as being the most popular cream served at the National Ice Cream Convention—1922!

I. Ask for Z. C. M.

Western Scout Shoes

The ideal Summer shoe for men, youths, boys.

Cheap—Serviceable.

Every Day in Every Way We're Getting Stronger and

Stronger THE BIG HOME COMPANY Issues The Best There is in Life Insurance

Assets Over Five Millions You Need Our Insurance We Want Your Business

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT, Pres. LORENZO N. STOHL, Mgr.

SALT LAKE

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA