.

There's always more hot water with..

an automatic water heater

QfcOWhat a comfort to have all the hot water you want—steaming forth at

the turn of a faucet—with never a MINIMUM RECOMMENDATIONS FOR

worry about its cost! NORMAL HOT WATER REQUIREMENTS

autoNUMBER NUMBER STORAGE CAP'Y You can—with a modern "gas

matic,"properly fitted to your home BATHROOMS BEDROOMS GALLONS (see chart, right). 1 1 or 2 30

Choose a gas automatic water heater 1 3 or 4 40 for its speed, dependability, long life 2 2 or 3 40 rJ and economy. Enjoy up to three times

as much hot water per dollar of oper- 2 4 or 5 50 1 ating cost! 3 3 50 / k

3 or 4 4 or 5 75/ /|

See Your Gas Appliance Dealer, Plumber, Heating Contractor or.. n

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving an EverIncreasing Number of Customers Since 1929

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

'T'he waterouzel, found along many mountain streams and easily identified by its habit of snapping its body up and down with its feet on the ground, is a thrush which is so wedded to water that it won't even fly over land. It walks and flies under water, CHOCOLATE DROP

or waterfalls, to find insect food, COOKIES holding itself down when necessary by grasping stones with its feet. are always perfectly

baked, perfectlyHThe rafflesia plant of Sumatra has enormous flowers, perhaps the delicious!

largest known. Since it is a parasite, And they cost less

it has neither leaves. stems nor This than homebakedgiant its fungus obtains food from

cordlike parts which enter the roots cookies of equal and trunks of the woody host. quality.

HPhe legless worm lizards of the

American tropics may be as thick as an inch in diameter and two feet long. They move by contracting and A cellophaneprotected carton

Cookies HOUSE TOWN averagestretching their rings just like an earthofcontains an of 34 worm. cookies. That means the cost

per dozen is very low indeed.

TT)r. C. F. Winchester has found

that horses rest better on their feet than they do lying on their sides.

It has long been known that horses do much of their sleeping standing up, but the reason seems to be that it is more advantageous in breathing rate and economy of oxygen use so that they use fewer calories.

A peculiar form of breathing has been

'named for two British physicians,

Cheyne and Stokes. In this form of

respiration there is a gradual increase in the breathing rate followed by a gradual decrease until breathing totally stops for from five to fifty seconds.

It is observed especially in coma, cardiac, and cerebral affections. Climbers at high altitudes are sometimes affected by it. Though annoying, it is

neither serious nor weakening.

HPermites eat wood but can't digest it. In the alimentary canal of the

termite are thousands of onecelled protozoa who transform the raw cellulose into digestible carbohydrates. The

termite queen lays an egg every few thirtyseconds, thousand a day or ten millionabout a year. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE - PHOENIX

SEPTEMBER 1950 681 FOUR APPOINTED TO GENERAL BOARDS

/eneral Superintendent Elbert R. ber of the National Staff, Boy

Curtis has announced the appointScouts of America, since 1941.

ment of Jay W. DeGraff to the general He once accompanied George Q.

board of the Young Men's Mutual Morris, then general superintendent

Improvement Association. of the Y.M.M.I.A., on a trip to

Elder DeGraff, a popular fireside Hawaii in the interest of L.D.S.

speaker, lives at Provo and operates a Boy Scout work. He has recently

cattle ranch and fruit farm east of accompanied General SuperintenSpanish Fork, Utah. During off seadent Elbert R. Curtis on a similar

sons he works in Provo. He filled a trip to the islands. His work conmission to the Central States from

1940 to 1942. He was studentbody cerns itself with Boy Scout activipresident-elect at Brigham Young Unities in Utah, Arizona, Nevada,

versity when he left to join the U. S. California, and Hawaii.

Navy in 1943. He held the rank of Elder Alvord has been active in

ensign at the officers'training school both the Mutual and Sunday School at Columbia University, New York wherever his work has taken him.

City, when he was released to return At the time of this call to the general to civilian life in 1945. board he is living with his wife and

Since then he has been a member of two children in Glendale, Calithe Heber Third Ward, Wasatch fornia, where he is a member of the (Utah) Stake, bishopric, and of the Glendale Stake high council. PROTECTION

Bonneville Ward, East Provo (Utah) He is assigned to the Scout comStake, bishopric, and has served on mittee of the general board.

the East Provo Stake high council.

His wife is the former Clara Jensen

ALUMINUM COMBINATION DOORS of Manti, Utah. They have three

Alumatic aluminum doors are a daughters and a son.

permanent improvement! Screen Elder DeGraff has been assigned to

or storm panels quickly slip into the Explorer committee of the general a strong aluminum frame that board.

never needs repairs! PAT PENO.

idtia ALUMINUM COMBINATION STORM AND WINNIFRED BOWERS SHELAH WOODLAND

SCREEN WINDOWS fuel save by insulatentire winTT7innifred Bowers, recently aping life dow opening! pointed to the general board of

* Guaranteed by 'FHA terms theLakeY.W.M.I.A.,City, April 21,was1922,borna daughterin Salt Good Housekeeping

'* W[l1IStO i l of Frank B. and Winifred S. Bowers.

From her youth Sister Bowers has

For Complete Information JAY W. DE GRAFF HARRALD S. ALVORD been active in the program of the

Church. At the time of her appointCALL or WRITE ment she was activity counselor for

T-Jarrald S. Alvord, deputy rethe Y.W.M.I.A. in the Garden

(Salt Lake Bonneville Park for gional Region executive INC. INSULATIONS, conshe position 12, City) Ward,Stake—which headwith of America, Scouts her after time to hold for some Utah Boy tinued 1349 South Main Salt Lake City,

quarters in Los Angeles, has aided call to the general board. Other posiPhone 8-0511

the general board of the Y.M. tions she has held in the Church in-

M.I.A with Scout work at June clude: Sunday School chorister, ward

INSULATIONS, INC. conferences for several years. M.I.A. secretary, stake drama director.

South Main 1349 City, Salt Lake Utah A native of Ogden, Utah, he has Mission,She receivedwherea shecall servedto theas Frenchsecreyears. in Scout work for many Please information send complete on Alumabeen and Barker President to tary James L.

tic Combination Doors and Windows. in organizing the Teton He assisted of the M.I.A. supervisor mission was

NAME... Peaks Boy Scout Council, in Idaho Sister Bowers obtained her educaFalls, Idaho, Scout and was a the United areas of in extion many

for eleven council of that ADDRESS ecutive in Salt school attended States, having years. He was a member of the Lake City, Long Beach, and New

Covered Wagon Council at Omaha York City, where she was enrolled in for five years. He has been a mem- (Concluded on page 689)

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to new MtMBtRs of tw jumih)Reading Qiib

THIS BIG 1420 PAGE Funk g Wagnalh NEW COLLEGE STANDARD DICTIONARY

/Wail Coupon Now/ CSBOOKS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AT BIG SAVINGS sI

Yes, you are invited to accept both of the each month. It is not necessary to purchase a I

wonderful on books shown new FREE BOTH WITH MEMBERSHIP I yout GIFT FREE MEMBERSHIP BOOKSthis pagewhenas bookmembership.every month—onlyAnd you willjourreceiveeach yeara wonderfulto retain I

join Club! our Family Book Reading you The for "Bonus"new Book each selecfour I FREE COLLEGE I STANDARD NEW DICTIONARY

to select founded was books tions Club take. you and THE HILLS ENDURING I 1 for the family—books whole which the of Thus purchase books

interesting Family are worthwhile, enClub, and Reading Dept. 9-ER I I the through for only Club $1.89 Family Club Reading tertaining objectionwithout being Mineola, York New each of instead publishers'the—I Double Guarantee sensational able in or any way. Please send the books above as me two retail regular my prices of to $2.50

First: free guarThe Club I Gift enroll select Membership Editors as andlisted Books our Each a me one month I to $4.00saves you of 25% 35% of the member the Club. antees Reading Each high standmonth the submitfrom book among many dollars. will your book I send you of review Club's the forththe a And when meFamily of excellence I ard ted publishers—the one book by I coming reject or accept as selection—which may of value free of the is its all selections Bonus Books and choose. I are There dues no or membership feesthey enthusican most recommend I in, figured Books. actually Second: Bonus save as you Ionly the requirement that accept of a minimum astically to are These members. should any Family as four I selections during the twelve Icoming much months, I 50%!

that every books read can be by Reading beginning selection, the Club current book with Club at only

I each, plus $1.89 postage handling. and As a with disapyour meet mem- I of the family and which member JOIN I will ber, receive free a NO NOW—SEND MONEY Bonus with each Book in proval way, any you will library volprized become 1 I four selections Club accept. I it return to the may If believe years. a for will in that club keep you book umes you which thirty within Club I Mr. I finest appeal will to instincts the of full for credit. days Mrs

all let family, the us introduce I you I Miss (Please Print) SAVE MEMBERS 50% HOW the to Family Reading Club by I Street No. and I is for There charge no membership of sending both the you books

cost I of the the beyond as themselves. books your above Gift free Membership shown You I

City Zone..Stateonly each (pluspay postage the hanand coupon. $1.89 Books. Just mail as However, this I I for thedling) after if offer purchase books reading you unusual be withdrawn Age, time, at any may

I Occupation Under 21 ithe book review which will come to your home we urge you to mail the coupon today!

price in Canada: Same 1 2 IS Offer good only in 105U.S.A.Bondand St.,CanadaToronto

FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, NEW YORK 5

SEPTEMBER 1950 683 Oil l kjrqan'rqctn ofof THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jhk Lkuvck of

oLatteraatf faints nJ n*/ n*> VOLUME 53 n*> NUMBER 9 n Jeptemberep 1950 /V

Editors: GEORGE ALBERT SMITH - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR - "Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD f. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN CLAUDES. HARRIS,B. PETERSENJR. - HUGHSIDNEYNIBLEY B. - SPERRYLEE A. PALMER THE COVER

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F SCOTT

Hagoth, "an exceedingly curious man,"has long been the subject of conjecture and speculation among readers of the

Book of Mormon. A shipbuilder of note,

The Editor's Page hefromlaunchedwhich someships didinto notthe return."west sea"Dr.

Dedicatory Prayers at Unveiling Ceremonies Avard Fairbanks has executed his conGeorge Albert Smith 693 ception of Hagoth which the Era reproduces as the September cover.

Church Features Evidences and Reconciliations: CXLVI—Why Did Joseph Smith

Become a Mason? John A. Widtsoe 694

Maori Chief Predicts Coming of L* D. S. Missionaries

- Matthew Cowley 696 Editorials: George F, Richards John A. Widtsoe 699

Worthy of Emulation Marba C. Josephson 699 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Lehi in the Desert—Part IX...... Hugh Nibley 706 50 North Main Street

New Light on the Great Apostasy Sidney B. Sperry 710 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Four appointed to M.I.A. general NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 739 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

boards 682 Presiding Bishopric's Page 740 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

1950 Funds, Copyright by Mutual The Church Moves On.688 BearProjectLake Stake M.I.A. Skating 743 Men's tion of the Inc.,Improvementa CorporaYoung Mutual

Melchizedek Priesthood Excerpts from George F. Richards'Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Saints. rights All reserved. SubLatter-day Patriarchal...753 addresses conference Blessings, Adolph

price, in foreign a year, $2.50 advance;

757, Merz Missionaries 738 June in 758 scriptionsubscriptions, year, $3.00 advance; 25c a

single copy.

Special Features asEnteredsecondclassat the Postmatter.Office,AcceptanceSalt Lake forCity,mailingUtah,

Your Age.. What are you doing about it? L. Weston Oakes 700 at1103,specialAct rateof Octoberof postage1917,providedauthorizedfor in Julysection2,

1918 Career Janice 703 Romney McCune Homemaking—A

Era The Improvement In Albert L, Zobell, Land... Italy... The Sunny Jr* 709 solicited manuscripts, butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unGreat Art Can Be Beautiful Ellen Greer 716 All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

The Spoken Word from Temple Square postage for delivery and return.

Richard L. Evans 728, 736, 748, 752, 756 Change of Address

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Today's Family Burl Shepherd Fifteen days'notice required for change of ad-

S. Harris, Jr 681 Nylon in Your Wardrobe 720 dress. When ordering a change, please include

slip recent address of the a from magazine. Times, Reevaluation These Blueprint for Beauty, Popularity A

Address changes unless be cannot issuemade the old......685 1950, G.....720 Durham Homer Report Card is well the address as as included. one new

I. Big? Alfred Variety 690 Tooke 722 Peanuts With How

On the Bookrack 715 Your Page and Ours 760

National Advertising Representatives

Stories, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

The Search Esther M. Douty 705 San Francisco,Russ BuildingCalifornia

Two Brothers and a Girl Rosannah C. Irvine 712 HENRY G. ESCHEN,

The Tender Hand of Age, Georgia Parable of the Talents, Virginia D. EDWARD 1324S. TOWNSENDV/ilshire Blvd.COMPANY

Moore Eberling..686 Randall 704 Los Angeles 17, California

Why Worry? Inez Clark Thorson Boys, Isabelle D. Hanson 708 HARRY V. LYTLE

South 332 Michigan Ave. 689 Jester, Pauline 714 Havard Illinois 4, Chicago Frontispiece, Outgrown, Never Hortense Golden SpenWedding, SADLER ASSOCIATES SANGSTON AND 691 Eva Willes Wangsgaard Madison Ave. 342 cer Andersen 718

.....692 Poetry Page Y. York 17, N. New

....742 Gladys Ad, B. Kennard Want Did Summer Where Go? Gay

Winquist 690 Displaced Person, Jean J. Berbert.743 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA REEVALUATION—

1950 PROVE THE DIFFERENCE By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM at the wheel of a

Head of Political Science Department,

University of Utah

""Phe announcement by the British labor party on June 12, 1950, that they would not cooperate with the council of Europe in the economic program unifying the French and

West German steel industries to some constitutes one of the major disappointments in an era of disappointments.

The official statement issued by the government of Clement Attlee is filled with contradictions. It gives lip service

to the ideals of international cooperation and economic union. At the same

time it represents a retreat to isolationism with the exception that this retreat is not quite so "splendid"as some previous retreats to what was called "splendid isolationism."The laborites have stated that the Schuman

plan of FrenchGerman cooperation cannot be supported unless all the states of Western Europe are socialized and unless full employment is Ask your dealer for a free guaranteed by the fiat of these socialist demonstration on your own regimes; furthermore, that such interfarm. Drive the tractor

national cooperation is impossible yourself—test it's power,

unless there first occurs national comfort, economy and ease socialization.

of handling. See what a

MasseyHarris can do in your own fields, with you at the wheel.

6 Power Sizes - 28 Models Matching Tools

There's a MasseyHarris tractor to fit your farm, whether it's oneplow or up to 5-plow power you need. And there's a complete

line of matching implements for plowing, cultivating, bedding, planting, mowing. An exclusive Depth-O-Matic system lets you lift

and lower these tools under hydraulic power—saves your arms

and shoulders, covers more acres with less effort.

Ask your MasseyHarris Dealer for a Demonstration

The party thus rejects the basic UTAH COLORADO

Motor Co. the ofpremises Marshall Plan as

& H Welding emDelta—HunsakerHeber-M Works Alamosa—TheCraig—BrinkleySanHardwareLuis Valley Implement Co. the Storebodied in European ProRecovery KamosHoyt's

& White Sales & Service Meeker—Waynegram, the Foreign Assistance Barton Act of Monticello—RandallLogan—Taylor & C. Pleasant Denton View—J. Sunset North and Ogden1948, and Cooperation the Economic Luis Lumber Luis—San & Supply Co. San Service Repair Baugh Farm &

Administration. At the same time, the Payson—Allan's Farm Equipment

Co. Service Parowan—Parowan

official for statement argued the necesBrothers Richfield—Harward WYOMING

Co. Salt Equipment Lake City—Kingsity of continual cooperation American Strate's Spring City—Garage Tractor Afton—Valley & Implement Co.

Service St. Co. George George—St.in rebuilding economy! European Feed Casper—Noland Company Co. Implement Tremonton—Valley

If, by the time these words appear in (Wayne Sandall) Sheridan—Coffeen Sales Co.

print (they were written June 13, Intermountain Distributor 1 950 ), the opposition has not taken full opportunity to challenge the majority WESTERN MACHINERY COMPANY on this statement, and if the labor 748 West 8th South Salt Lake City 13, Utah

(Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1950 685 These limes

(Concluded from preceding page)

party has not fallen on this issue and been replaced by a new cabinet, then the party of Winston Churchill has lost its most strategic opportunity since the last general election.

After World War I, it is curious to note that a conservative British cabinet was largely responsible for defeating the most hopeful development in postwar collaboration—namely, the Geneva protocol of 1924. The Geneva

protocol represented, perhaps, the highwater mark of international achievement under the League of Nations system. It had the strong support of

the British labor party. A conservative government, with Sir Austen

Chamberlain as its foreign secretary, defeated this proposal. In the postwar

effort, 194550, it is also curious to observe that a socialist government is responsible for projecting nationalism socialistic nationalism, if you please into the postwar European picture. It

is too early to assess at this writing the full significance of the announcement.

But it may mark one of the significant milestones at which the nations of the western world must pause in this summer, 1950, and reevaluate the state of the world in these times.

In the meantime, the Korean war (commenced June 25, 1950, after these lines were penned) overshadows all current events with the ominous gloom of potential worldwide struggle.

THE ARTISTE—

A TRUE PIPE ORGAN THE TENDER HAND OF AGE Now, with the Artiste, M. P. Moller brings pipe organ music

within the budget of thousands of churches. If your church (To Grandmother)

can afford any organ, it can afford the Artiste—made by the By Georgia Moore Ebcrling

same craftsmen who have built many of the world's great to standards pipe Artiste conforms organs. custombuilt The

therefore, experiShetrailloved to wander back on time's long Organists, of of Guild any the American enced organist can play it! To childhood days in distant Tennessee,

Above all, the Artiste meets the price of substitute instruTo hours all wrapped in golden memory ments without sacrificing the thrilling beauty of true pipe And dimly seen through time's soft purple veil. organ music—the greatest voice of all! Before you purchase

any organ, see and hear the Artiste! Some paintings in her past were faint and

pale, *Price slightly higher in the Far West. But singing school, the neighbor's guilting

bee, Call or writes The tinted hills and clear brooks she could see In all their pristine brightness and detail.

The skilful hand of that great artist Life

Paints pictures that depict both gold and

INCORPORATED gray In faithful tints. The tender hand of Age

HAGERSTOWN, MARYLAND Erases somber hues of pain and strife

And makes the brilliant colors overlay

The sable smudges that despoil the page.

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA K!'wi'a- -

The GROWING Latterday Saint Books LIBRAHYof includes: SERMONS AND MISSIONARY SERVICES OF

MELVIN J. BALLARD

by Bryant S. Hinckley

Through this book the admirers of this wellloved Apostle enjoy anew the inspiration of his personality, his example and his thoughts.

$2.50 THE TRUTHSEEKER AND MORMONISM by Joseph F. Merrill

Thoughtful, impressive discourses on modern themes and religion, which add light and knowledge and enhance the way of life.

$1.15 WHAT OF THE MORMONS?

by Gordon B. Hinckley

The history, beliefs and achievements of the Latterday Saints for all who would know more about us.

$1.50 THREE TIMELY TREASURES A by Leon M. Strong

Dispensations of the Gospel The Ten Lost Tribes From the Kingdom of Judah to John the Baptist

This treatment adds much to these little known subjects.

$1.50 UNDER THE MIDNIGHT SUN by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Centennial History of Missions in Sweden, Norway and Denmark.

$2.00 New editions of papular banks:

YOUTH AND THE CHURCH by Harold B. Lee

$1.75 GOSPEL QUOTATIONS by Henry H. Rolapp

$1.50 DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

SEPTEMBER 1950 *** "*"6Qj THE CHURCH MOVES ON f cJjau Uo <JJau Chronology \Jf diurch (Luenti

O O The First Presidency announced First Ward chapel, Bear Lake (Idaho)

June 1950 J the appointment of Edwin Q. Stake.

San Fernando Ward, Sherman Oaks Ensign of president formerly Cannon, Office Presiding Bishop'sa A The from organized Stake, (California) president as Stake, (Salt City) Lake "bulletin that Marsing announced with of Ward, Nuys Van with portions Mission of the German West Stake, (Idaho) hasWard, Nampa bishop. as Cottam Joseph at Frankfurton-Main. headquarters the independent organizedbeen from the Christ,"for Witness "A New President succeeds WunderJean Hebranch, Reece, with Frank Wayne radio evening current Sunday Church is Calilich in Alhambra, whose homebishop. concluded. was program on KSL, since serving fornia, has been and who

filled mis1947. President a Cannon the commence- -j \ saw This week First Presidency announced The -J i\ Mission, in the sion SwissGerman J -* first annual Funthe of ment the of appointment Evon W. Sister are 190710. and Cannon He Association. Primary the of DaLay of Falls, Idaho Idaho, toHuntsman

field their for of leave to expected:to expected programs, outdoor Thepreside the over Mission. Tongan He after the October labor immediately;Or 18, on presented a ward by be Julysucceeds President Emile C. Dunn. conference. general the twentybasis, commemorated stakePresident also Huntsman succeeded train 218 with eastbound A special;of adoption fifth the of anniversaryPresident in the Dunn MisTongan left City. Salt missionaries Lake They program. Trail Builder the insion April until 1946, served and of missionaries the of part 524 a were

17, 1948.September of fields their to to the of go education board Church Church -| O The Folks'in 1 Salt Old City Lake Day largest the to in believed labor be for the opening June, plans announced

all outing formarked an by persons in given missionaries a of students school for number high seminaries ofseventy years or old more. outing The history. in area, California, month Angeles, in the Los

in held Liberty Park.was

will fall. areas school this which The President R. the of Milton Hunter fifteen L.D.S. hundred About for the in the system included be 30First the of Council dedicated Seventy in at attendance Scouts were Boy are: High Inglewood year comingthe (British Cranbrook Columbia) at national Scout the Jamboree Boy Stake, for the Inglewood MonSchoolchapel, States Mission. Western Taft Forge, Pa. Elder Ezra Valley the for Pasadena rovia School High

Benson of the Council of the Twelve Stake, Los Angeles High School for

O Brigham Young University's anand President Oscar A. Kirkham of the Los Angeles Stake, Bell High

nual Leadership Week closed. the First Council of the Seventy were School for South Los Angeles Stake,

also in attendance, Elder Benson to and the North Hollywood High n r President David O. McKay make a statement at the convocation School for the San Fernando Stake.

""dedicated the chapel of the Manand pageant, July 2, and President Ray L. Jones has been appointed

chester Ward, South Los Angeles Kirkham as a member of the national principal, and it is expected that the"

Stake. jamboree staff. program will aid more than one thouElder Spencer W. Kimball of the sand L. D. S. students.

Council of the Twelve dedicated the It was announced that during the combination Kamas Ward cans 150,000 of a total chapelJuly 1950 past two weeks

Stake house.South Summit ( Utah ) probeen had peas welfare of Church

Stake, Richland (Washington) cessed by the Jordan Valley and Salt ganized portions of the from Northregions. or- 1 Thefornia) 505acreChurch welfarePerris farm,(Calito Lake

western States Mission and Union be operated by the ten stakes of President George Albert Smith

Stake. The new stake is comprised southern California, was officially talked to about one thousand Boy

of two wards in Richland, and one opened. Scouts returning to their homes in

each in Yakima, Toppenish, SunnyOregon and California from the Naall forSan Lodi PascoKennewick, Branch,side, and after Forge, in Valley Joaquin tional Jamboree 2 Stake, organized (California) a partmerly of the Northwestern reorgan a special attended they had

States Mission; and Walla Walla from portions of Stockton Ward, with cital in the Tabernacle..

Ward and Hermiston Branch, transPresident James Norman Russell.

ferred from Union Stake. James V. Manteca Branch, San Joaquin 1 A Elder Marion G. Romney, asThompson was sustained as stake (California) Stake, organized from sistant to the Council of the

president with J. Carroll Bagley and portions of Stockton Ward, with Twelve and assistant managing direcWbodrow G. Barnett as counselors. President Don Nicolaysen. tor of the Church welfare program,

This, the 180th stake now functioning Dove Creek Branch organized from announced that the number of manin the Church, has a membership of portions of the Western States Mishours contributed to the Church Welapproximately 3,180. The organizasion to become a part of San Juan fare program in 1949 had increased

tion was effected by Elders Stephen L (Utah) Stake, with John Wesley eighteen percent over 1948. Manhours

Richards and Harold B. Lee of the Norton as president. donated totaled 753,863 in 1949 and

Council of the Twelve. 637,276 in 1948. In 1949, 60,822

Elmo P. Humphreys, formerly first Elder Spencer W. Kimball of persons donated their labor to budget

counselor, sustained president of Reno 9 the Council of the Twelve dediproduction projects.

(Nevada) Stake, succeeding Presicated the improved Harper Ward During the first six months of 1950, dent E. Vaughn Abbott. President chapel, North Box Elder (Utah) patrons using the library facilities i of

Humphreys'counselors are William Stake. the genealogical society of the Church

H. Garrett, formerly second counselor, Elder Matthew Cowley of the Counincreased over the first six months of

and Vern H. Waldo. cil of the Twelve dedicated the Paris (Concluded on page 730)

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Four Appointed To

General Boards

(Concluded from page 682) Barnard College, Columbia University. She received her A.B. degree in

the speech department of the University of Utah, majoring in theater.She also served two years as a teleWW'026&

type operator at Western Union. At v

the present time she is working to-?m

wards her Master's degree in theater work.

Sister Bowers'assignment is to the speech committee of the general board.

(A) Chelah Woodland was born in C&

Richmond, Utah, a daughter of Lydia A. Woodland, and the late Of

she Woodland.William T. When to m of age, she came yearswas ten

Salt Lake City to make her home.

Sister Woodland's activities in Increase your faith with these the Church have given her a wealth fundamental and inspiring (B) of experience in every phase of the writings from best knownMutual program. She began as

secretary of the Y.W.M.I.A., Church authors.

became successively, activity counselor, manual counselor, stake

Gleaner supervisor, and finally stake (A) JACOB HAMBLINBuckskin

Apostle.president of the Y.W.M.I.A.—an

enviable record. BY PAUL BAILEY

Her professional record is like- $3.50

to addition In outstanding. ""'(C)wise OF (B) PROGRESS MAN A. degrees M. her B. A. andearning

FIELDING SMITH BY JOSEPH from the universities of Utah and $2.25 m

Wisconsin, respectively, Sister

Woodland studied at the University (C) HOW TO PRAY AND STAY of Southern California, and atAWAKE tended for two summers Lloyd BY MAX B. SKOUSEN

Shaw's Square Dance School. She $1.75

has taught physical education in

Utah schools and also in Superior (D) INSPIRATIONAL TALKS FOR (D)

State Teachers College, Superior, YOUTH

Wisconsin. At. the present time COMPILED BY PRESTON NIBLEY

Sister Woodland is assistant pro- $1.35

fessor of physical education in the (E) THE QUEST department of health, physical eduBY O. F. URSENBACH

cation, and recreation at the Univer- $2.25

sity of Utah. She also has served

on the executive committee of the (F) YOUTH AND THE CHURCH (E)

Utah Association for health, physiBY HAROLD B. LEE

cal education, and recreation, one $1.75

year becoming its president.

Sister Woodland has been assigned to the recreation department ZCMI Book Department of the Y.W.M.I.A. general board. Street Floor mM

WHY WORRY?

By Inez Clark Thorson

(F) over yesterday, late to worryToo dawning, when it comes, Tomorrow's

Is but today and that alone is ours

Why beat tomorrow's worry drums?

SEPTEMBER 1950 689 HOW BIG?

VEGETABLE SALAD THAT SPARKLES WITH FLAVOR 66Tt'smen,"a jobthefor managera big man,toldgentlethe Dilley"Thathasheattreatinghis assistant angle.trained Edto

I Board of Directors. "We'll take over his job any time, so you

IS TASTIER!.*, employees. If we fail, we'll have to heat treatment."T&Hf try to find the right man among our could spare him to supervise the

go outside for one.""Anything else?"

7&W4f IS "TOPS"! A complete and radical change in "I have a good allaround knowlmanufacture had been made posedge of electrical wiring, but I

sible in one department by a scienmight have to stop and figure in tist's discovery of a new alloy. It emergencies. You'd need a fast,

meant great savings in production sure expert, one smart enough to costs, but there were plenty of difhead off emergencies so there ficulties in the way of producing wouldn't be any. That's Al Mason,

enough alloy of uniform consistency in electrical."

and strength, which was a "must."

Five men were finally selected as "Any more?"

possibilities, were told, separately, "A topnotch expert, available all about it, then asked if they could whenever required, to figure stresses handle it. for the manufactured products.

The first said, "Sure I can! I've That would be Slim Peters, in engihandled every job I've been given neering. And that's all."

yet. Of course, with revolutionary "And what would you be doing?"

ideas like that there could be a hitch Tim smiled. "Mostly nothing, or two at the start—with those four to help."

"Well, I'll let you know, Jim,""Tim! You said you weren't big

the manager assured him. enough for the job. When a man's

THE PERFECT SALAD DRESSING Said the second, "I'll do my best big enough to admit his limitations if you appoint me. No man can do and ask for help, he's a big man.

more than that."That's real bigness. I get around,

"I'll let you know, Tom,"the too, Tim; and I notice things somesaid. times. You're a churchgoer, aren't 111 manager

you?"The third promised to "run it like

clockwork if you give me time to Tim nodded. "I have a youngcase iron out the kinks,"and the fourth folks'Sunday School class."

didn't see "why there should be any "Then perhaps I don't need to trouble once you got your crew tell you, but there are quite a few of broke in."The manager said he of us in this plant who don't conwould let them know. sider ourselves too big to ask God's

fifth, the right! Said "You're It's help with well jobs as as our daily

for a a biggerfire a job big man, spiritual man matters."rose exand He

than I am. Once you switch over, tended his hand. "The job's yours,

make sure you can the slightest hitch will mean a shutTim, and the best of luck to you.

down while you straighten things I'll see that you get the help you rebuild or replace out, and I couldn't guarantee that asked for."

wouldn't happen. You want to be Yes, Tim was a "big"man. How Building costs are high, but insurance rates are still inexpensive. So sure before you start. The job big are you?

make sure you have enough proteccould be done, but I couldn't do it tion to cover property your and posesalone."

local sions. your Ask KOLOB AGENT

to bring your insurance upto-date. He "How could it be done?"

will gladly analyze your requirements without "Well, I get around. I notice WHERE DID SUMMER GG? recommendations and make

obligation to you. More than 300 things sometimes. I don't know

KOLOB AGENTS serve all sections of enough about casting, but there's By Gay Winquist

Utah, Idaho, Montana and Nevada.

a man in the foundry, hired three jT had hoped I might detain her, months ago, smart as a whip. He's * But in a flowersmother,

made a study of metallurgy. You She slipped in through one garden gate

could fill his job without trouble And hurried out the other.

and put him in full charge of the I pursued her up the highway, the Searched country and casting."FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr. perfume, I only whiffed her 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City

of "And then?"But the rustle her gown. Caught THE IMPROVEMENTthe town; ERA

Never Outgrown

iSu Lua vuiiles \J\Javiaiaaard

o man outgrows his childhood loneliness, N

For he who dreamed long hours by the sea

Will always find horizons limitless

And hear the breakers of eternity.

While he who watched the endless waves of green

Turn leisurely to gold and break in spray

Of shining grain will have as his demesne

Vast acreage of faith for some far day.

And he who walked through daisied meadow grass

And felt the road dust warm between his toes,

The ward of mountain peaks, though he should pass

Beyond their walls, will take them where he goes

And, looking back, will find his manhood grown

From seed that long ago was subtly sown.

SEPTEMBER 1950 691 a

THEIR SEPARATE WAYS TO SUMMER DEAD TREE

By Berta Huish Christensen By S. H. Dewhurst By Christie Lund Coles

npHERE are two selves in me who some- f et the spring warm and thrill * times meet, "Some other heart with the miracle nToDAY I saw a tree the ants had killed;

earth's revival, / will Of not tale the such the *- (Or was which owner their pass, separate then smiling goAnd intrigued Be ever much by what told.) ways.

This adolescent can schemer do... Millions of filled ants had invaded all is and her a thrifty days and maidOne

still is Spring but ingenue an root, the this trunk of that The been had disscheduled, measured, and dutyAre creet. In light of summer's accomplishment! gold

She pins her thoughts to charts and daily Here is beauty to make content In autumn's hazy weather, had been green needs, Dreams of the ardent dreamer; here, As emerald gems in April's bright debut.

curtains, ruffled clean and neatlyTo tied. Knowing,Indeed, is excitingcharm beyondmaturitycompare,... This,coolwhosesheen,boughs had held the rain's of bottled fruit with countsShe her rows

pride Summer's the time of year for me! Now stands a shell for winds to mutter

And labels every can of flower seeds. through.

With oven hot and biscuits featherlight, How much like life the picture seemed to

What can she care if poets never write! IMITATOR me,

How like a heart that is inured to stand

The other, envious of hours that grow By Marijanc Morris Against the fierce winds of adversity, despair Against in the ashes andIn hand. duty's groove, patterned mark would robin a hoever watched her build

delicate Yet, as faintly music heard, the ebb nest

Is felled small things by of a as flow seasons jeweledAnd by the web w touch—artist deftly Has watched an and weave word. in lace spider gardens snow. byOf and plait

first in the the scents springShe blossom string, bits of grass, of Small with a and air skill fills roses; early wintered with a heartAnd imitate. at best only can That man the the hourShe moonflower knows when PREFACE JOY TO

closes A wild sunflower growing without care

And knits a scarf of dawnmist for her Is grandeur only nature can create; By Dorothy J. Roberts

recan lives in eachHowhair. And moonlight filtered through a spidershe care—who web, of the language land there Tn the are few turn Perfection * man could never duplicate. words carrots andOf blade bloom—if sometimes beautiful than sorrow; More no syllables burn!

wherein THE OPAL POOL More proud are bent to prayer and more

POPLAR TREE By Edith Hollingswocth Are lostled from darkness to the lighted crest.

is There sound or sonorous no deep, more in lies pool the woodlands, P\eep E. Catherine Berry By utterance rounded to so reply. open No its fall surface *—'upon shadows And

shaft It shapes in lips a throat hollow and the heart thoughts vagrant and upon tree poplar this plot of Like stands onHPhe air and mind. -*- ground,

quiet form a instrument of prayer. To trail in fingers cool roots white depths Fern its small to almost roots holdToo heavy

settle leaves languidly drowned lift And frail the iron fence thatThey bounds the In sorrow weeping once Magdalene black In darkness, mirrored as ebony. land, my knelt, silver the in Set necklace of the gemlike all in directions shoots. sendAnd many Prodigal paternal within The arms; bowed brook, it its liftedBut has head; high upward

vain, in lowliness born The again were chain, black opal a slender on it trees AFar the rears, other up above find their triple sweet, wasted measure To of the placid stream: a bosom Adorning all majesty, surveying solemnWith

these, sightless, the have been And made serenity. in Beauty it landmark has throughout the beenA to see

years. heart of rethe The with wisdom husk moved. its singing music wind through makesThe is to the preface Sorrow a kind rebirth, leaves link to the earth. heaven from wayward side; A their silver lifts them upAnd to show

I cannot see the topmost swaying branch

When standing at the window—but the

wide sturdy trunk bears witness to its AIRMAN'S CIRCLEAnd strength; Though storms have crashed and thunBy Janice Blanchard dered, winds blown hot, It stands serene, its beauty unimpaired, A telegram! and rain and sun, what

A mighty monarch on a city lot! ** weather!

Blending the knifethrust and old joys together.

HUMBLEBEE She raised her eyes to see a broken arc

Of rainbow with its shattered end in dark

By Elaine V. Emans Receding storm clouds, and its base in

bright T Ter pollenbasket's swinging Sunswept horizon.

* * Slightly, now she's come To fragrant market, winging Now her hidden fright

A ribbon path of hum. Of death, pierced by the lancet, eased of

pain; And, stocked with dust enough And with his eyes she flew in sun and rain

And nectar, now she goes To know the rainbow's perfect round and

To make a golden foodstuff see

Out of a crimson rose. Reunion circling through eternity.

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f*-**

ii5ivv5v5

h.

[-resident \.jeoratTL(y?en >inltk &

<U-)editeatornic p.vawevi

AT UNVEILING CEREMONIES

Remarks and prayer given at the unveiling ful to live in a country as the people who ceremonies of the Brigham Young statue, dwell here under this Constitution.

held in the rotunda of the Capitol Building, Now, if you will join with me, we will

Washington, D. C, Thursday, June 1, 1950, offer a few words of prayer.

at 2:00 p.m.

Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed esteem it a great privilege to be here with be thy name, thy kingdom come; thy will be

you today to meet in the rotunda of the done, in earth as it is in heaven: We, thy

I National Capitol of the greatest nation children, have met here in this building that in all the world. We have met here to honor has been made sacred to us by the lives of

one of our Heavenly Father's most faithful great and good men and women who have sons. The statue that has been unveiled of served here, and we have come together toBrigham Young is being placed here to honor day from many parts of the country to be

him and to honor the section of the country present on this occasion on which an honor that he helped to develop, and it is a signifihas been conferred, as far as we can confer f cant thing that he should be placed today beit, upon one who has passed to the other side.

tween two of the statues of Abraham Lincoln, We thank thee, Father, for the life of this a man that he knew in the state of Illinois great character and the blessings that folbefore Brigham Young led the people through lowed his career in mortality. With thy help

the wilderness and desert into the mountains and guidance he was the means of developing to the valley of the Great Salt Lake. a very important part of this blessed nation.

Today I have been asked to join with you He gladly and willingly sacrificed all that in dedicating this impressive statue of a man he had in the East to travel toward the setting who offered his all that the principles on sun with his associates and followers and which this nation was founded might perestablish a home in the valleys of the mounsist. Not only did he give of himself, but he tains and to have as neighbors the wild

also encouraged others to do the same. He beasts and the still more savage red man.

believed that the Lord had spoken in our He believed in thee, Heavenly Father, and day and had revealed to Joseph Smith, his honored thee and the predecessor, that the Constitution of the advice that thou hast

United States was an inspired document pregiven unto thy children, {Concluded on fallowing page) pared by the very men that had been raised as recorded in the scripup for that purpose. tures. <S>

No other people have cause to be so grateToday we ask that thou wilt accept of this & X

.:,.;-

SEPTEMBER 1950 693 THE EDITORS PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) dren, have met together on this what thou wouldst have them to be, beautiful statue and that thou wilt spot in this wonderful part of and when the time comes that thou preserve it from all destructive elethe great United States of America. shalt make thy residence here on

it shall be thements, that not anything may mar We are here to do honor to one this earth, when it. of thy faithful sons who in the celestial kingdom, grant that all

We pray that this statue, reprepast so lived that there are hunthose growing up now will have so senting as it does a great people dreds of thousands of people who lived together with those who have and great principles, may be the honor him and revere his memory. passed on, that their names may all

means of encouraging others to We are here now to present this be recorded in the Lamb's book of think of thee and honor thee, our monument of granite, the native life, entitling them to an inheritance

Father. granite of this great state, that here in thy celestial kingdom.

This work of art, executed by which President Brigham Young Heavenly Father, we pray that

President Young's own grandson himself undoubtedly would choose thy Spirit may go with us. Bless

and presented by the people of the if he were here, and, Heavenly us as we go from here that we may

State of Utah that he was instruFather, we pray that thy Spirit may feel grateful for all thy mercies exmental in founding and developing remain here that those who come tended to us, and wilt thou accept in the wilderness, is now offered to read the inscription on the of this offering which we have prein memory of thy great son.unto thee free of encumbrance. We monument may realize that thou art pareddedicate it unto thee and ask that the Father of us all and that he We ask that thou wilt accept it

thou wilt receive it as a gift from whom we are gathered to honor as an offering from those who love the willing hearts of those who was one of thy choice sons who him and appreciate his many virhave loved the work and in memory was great enough to assume his tues. Grant that it may be preof the man who was honored this responsibilities and carry a treserved from the elements, that it

day and to the end that it may be mendous load during his long lifemay stand here, and that all who pleasing in thy sight. time. come here may feel the kindness of

We ask that thou wilt accept it, Heavenly Father, we thank thee thy presence, Heavenly Father, and for we present it unto thee in the for our citizenship in this great enjoy thy Spirit and go forward with name of Jesus Christ, our Lord, land. We thank thee for America; renewed determination to be what

thy Beloved Son. Amen. we thank thee for this great state of thou wouldst have them be. To

Vermont and the men and women this end and in the authority of the

Dedicatory prayer of Brigham who have represented it down Holy Priesthood, we dedicate this

Young Monument at Whitingham, through the last one hundred and monument to the memory of BrigVermont, May 28, 1950: fifty years or more. We are grateham Young and pray that thou wilt

ful for the boys and girls growing accept this dedication, Heavenly

Our Father who art in heaven, up in this state. Father, bless them Father, and fulfil our desires rehallowed be thy name, thy kingdom that they may have a desire to do garding it, and this we do in the

come, thy will be done, in earth the things that thou wouldst have name of Jesus Christ, our Lord.

as it is in heaven: We, thy chilthem do, so they may grow to be Amen.

E VIDENCES. AND RECONCILIA TIONS

CXLVI

Nauvoo, the city beautiful, was It seems today a marvel that founded by the Latterday WHY the Church survived under the terSaints in 1 839, nearly ten years rorism that often accompanied the of the after the persecutions Church had been organunspeakable DID JOSEPH SMITH that ized. it is better decade been had one of The Church. Perhaps

of persecution unreasoning of the forcesmembers Church. The the BECOME A theywho, bewhileforgotten.the ProphetBrighamwasYoung,held

of evil seemed to be combined in Liberty Jail, led the people out of against the restoration of the simple MASON? Missouri, summarized the story in

gospel of Jesus Christ. temperate language:

The Prophet, to save his life, was obliged to flee from Kirtland, printedBefore.. the. persecutionBook (ofwasMormon)raised againstwas

Ohio, headquarters of the Church OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE him (Joseph Smith).... Persecution inwhere a lovely temple and many creased.... He left the State of New York

progressive enterprises had been successful settlements by the and went to the State of Ohio. The gospel

it. received there, and many preached was the state. within built. In seekSaints Church were as a body The

had formed, but Joseph settlement was A then of refuge, a city an ing Missouri, expelled under Nauvoo, from there long staying of the privilege not "exterminating"order by the gov- a squalid village called Commerce, before they hunted him so determinedly ernor of the state, despite several was founded. that he was'forced to leave Kirtland and

694 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the State of Ohio. then to Miswent He hood and brotherly love which are thority given a was lodge to set up souri. (He) the not privilege had... of the foundations of fraMasonic to induct and in Nauvoo new memthere staying than more a few months

before the cry was raised against Joseph ternity and which characterize bers. Joseph Smith became a memSmith that he was guilty of high treason. Masonic activities:—as, for examber. At the time of the lodge

This aroused the people and the governple, from this writer, organization, Joseph Smith received of thement in State; and October (1838)

thirtyfive of the militia hundred of the On the rolls of Masonry, those lodges some of the degrees in Masonry.

State of Missouri were marched against will stand highest in which not some few, He was never an active Mason. His

a few of us in Far West.... But the mob but each and every member cheerfully other work concerned his time and

his gives of time labors the and to make until continued they drove the Latterday energy. that His history shows

1 others happier, not of the some time, but of Missouri. Saints out he at this time busy was extremely 2

all time. of the

with a multitude of Church probThe settlement in Nauvoo was This ideal agreed well with the lems. Lodge matters would have

effected in the that the hope people left in to other be hands. ideals high of the Prophet. Morelivemight to in peace worship now

it large Meanwhile, over, of numbers that of conceded was many the in of their heaven God own citizens inwere the inducted Nauvoo influential prominent and men built they for well,way. There to the fraternity. the of Soon state the Nauvoo were Masons whosoon the was most Nauvoo popuall lodge than more had members friends could be needed. Aswhen

Illinois.lous in thriving city and

Illinois the other together. lodges sociation fraternity a with such

their arrivalBut soon after there,

It state. in largest the the became to help the might lessen persemob

toneighbors question the began this In rapid growth, lodge some cutions to the which Church had doctrines the of Church, notably errors to appear have made. been in subjected been Ohio Misandrevelation. of prosperity the The easily could These however have souri, so the reasoned Prophet's

industrious Saints also incited advisors. been corrected.

jealousy the part of those on who Joseph's However, Masonic memof the people Church The needed not the of toil for price paywould bership lessen did not the persecuin friends. The work would Nauvoosuccess, or in speculating were who tion. religious of the claims The if hindered to opposition the be

other properties.lands Perseand poliridiculed; their were Mormons to Church were allowed grow. The to risecution in as there began tical threat; a power seemed and his sisProphet brethren and and Political places.other differences their less nettled prosperity the sucters the of suffered Church had also into hopes entered pictheand cessful neighbors. without cause. much They wantedture.

to sufficient peace. Perhaps win The attempt Masonry would Saints well The knew enough friends help. in to stop light So, through history, of Masonry ran sufferingsthe persecution. from mob

failed. persecution of the thoughts the people. The Masons

Joseph Smith, the leader, looked With the acquiescence of the after all were only a small fraction forabout means to quell the rising

Prophet, members of the Church of the people of the territory suropposition.tide of

rounding Nauvoo. one no already petitioned And the Masons of the Saints were Many Macertainty with knows Illinois whether of any for perGrand Master

sons, as such Joseph's brother them took part in the to set mission in of "Mormon"up a lodge C. Kimball, ElijahHyrum, Heber persecutions. whole terrible The Nauvoo. In answer they wereFordham, K. Whitney, Newel affair leading to the assassination granted of in permission, October

C. Adams, andJames BenJohn the his Prophet and brother to 1841, hold lodge meetings; Hyrum butnett. called atThese members affair a local it within was the 15, Nauvoo 1842, was March before auspirit totention the of brotherterritory, lived where people of Indian 2Wright. 116, Masonry, p. quoted

Journal 19:60 Discourses of McGavin, faiths Mormonism and Masonry, p. 11 allegiances. by many and

SEPTEMBER 1950 695

>=sfe.-.

aori Chief Predicts

Coming Of L.D.S. Missionaries

'(Ou rvlatthew Lowie OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

March 1881 a convention was belief. As the history of ChrisThe great native leaders assemINcalled of representative natives tianity among them was reviewed bled at this convention could conof the Ngatikahungunu Tribe of by the speakers, the question arose ceive of nothing of more vital

the Maori race for the purpose of as to the necessity of the existence importance to the wellbeing of the discussing political, social, and reof more than one Christian church race than to know the answer to the ligious problems of racial impor-—if all Christianity was of Christ, questions: "Which is the church?

tance. The convention was held at why were not all Christians affiliWhich one should the Maori join so

a native village near Masterton, ated with but one church? Why,

New Zealand, in what is known as if prior to the coming of Christianthe Wairarapa district. The meetity to their shores, a unity of reliings of this conference were congious belief and practice obtained,

vened in an historic, native meetingshould there now be, with the sohouse, the name of which was called "greater light,"a diversity of

Ngatauewaru, meaning "The Eight belief and a confusion of ideas? It

Years."was evident to the native mind in

Many of those in attendance were view of the difference in doctrinal old enough to have seen the coming and religious profession of the of the first Christian missionaries several churches that not more than to New Zealand, and all were deone of them could be the recipient vout adherents to one of the several of divine inspiration nor be recogchurches which had already been nized as the Church of Christ.

established among them. Some were

Catholic; some were of the Church

of England; some of the Methodist 'Its missionaries will travel in pairs.'

faith; and some of the Presbyterian

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA there will be once again a unity of religious belief among them? Where

was the power of God unto salvation for the Maori race?

The questions were discussed and debated at great length, but the answer evaded them. At last it

was moved, and the motion approved, that the allimportant question should be propounded to one Paora Potangaroa, the wisest chief and most learned sage among them. To him the question was

directed: "Which of the churches

is the church for the Maori race?

Which of them should we join?"

Potangaroa's answer was one word, "taihoa,"which means, "wait,"or "wait awhile,"and which, in this instance, implied that he would answer the question later after he had given the matter serious consideration. The old sage then left

the assembly and retired to his own residence, which was nearby. There Geyser Flat, Whakarewarewa, North Island, New Zealand.

for three days he was occupied in prayer, fasting, and meditation about the problem which had been presented for his solution. He was

aware that the true answer would not come without prayerful meditation and without invoking divine aid. After having been thus engaged for three days, he returned

to the convention and addressed his people.

Freely translated these were his words: "My friends, the church

for the Maori people has not yet come among us. You will recognize it when it comes. Its missionaries will travel in pairs. They will

come from the rising sun. They

will visit with us in our homes. They

will learn our language and teach us the gospel in our own tongue.

When they pray, they will raise their right hands."After saying

these things, as a partial answer to the question, he called Ranginui

Kingi to act as scribe and to write "Hongi,"Maori salutation or welcome.

what the chief was about to dictate as a further answer to the inquiry of his people concerning which day of March 1881."In March the people. They learned the Maori

church would bring salvation to 1881, when these words of Potantongue and taught the people the the Maori. That which was writgaroa were reduced to writing, the gospel in their own language.

ten was called by the sage: "A missionaries of the Church of Jesus When they prayed, they raised

covenant for remembering the hidChrist of Latterday Saints had not their right hands—all of which

den words which were revealed by yet come to his people. The Potangaroa had foretold when he

the Spirit of Jehovah to Paora "covenant"continues: "First, this told his people that the Church

Potangaroa, and which words were is the day of the fulness [1881]."for the Maori had not yet arrived.

proclaimed by him to the people Later in the year the fulness of the Continuing, the "covenant"sets assembled at the 'eight years house'gospel did come to this people. forth: second, the year 1882, he

located at the head of the island: The missionaries came from the said, would be the year of the

and these hidden words of the "rising sun."They traveled in "sealing"(or the year they would

Spirit were proclaimed on the 16th pairs. They lived in the homes of (Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1950 697 Mere Meha at Ngaruawahia Hui Tau 1939.

ment; of the kingdom of heaven; of

the sacred church with a large wall surrounding; of the increase of the

race; of faith, love, peace, patience,

judgment, unity. All of this plan

[contained in the covenant] will be fulfilled by the people of Ngatikahungunu Tribe during the next forty years."Then follows the date

"March 16, 1881"on which the covenant was written: and the name

of the scribe "Ranginui Kingi."

At the top of the "covenant"is drawn in ink an "allseeing eye,"also a drawing of the sun rising beyond the ocean, indicating the east, from which direction Potangaroa said the missionaries of the

MAORI CHIEF PREDICTS COMING OF L D. S. MISSIONARIES intruethechurchcovenant,would"thecome.sacredThe churchwords

(Continued [com preceding page) set forth above [in the covenant] with a large wall surrounding"of learn of the sealing ordinances). are—we are the lost sheep of the which they would learn, are deThird, the year 1883 will be the House of Israel. [We will learn of] scriptive of Temple Square in Salt

year of "the honoring"—of "great

king of peace; of the day of judg- "allseeing eye"is also significantfaith"—as it is written: "render the scepter of Judah; of Shilo; of the Lake City. The drawing of the

therefore to all their dues: tribute: in this respect.

to whom tribute is due; custom to Missionaries had been doing

whom custom; fear to whom fear; work among the people in New

honour to whom honour."( Romans Zealand prior to 1881 but only, with

13:7.) The year 1883 was a year one or two exceptions, among the

of great honor and great faith Europeans. It was in 1881, the

among the people of Ngatikahunyear Potangaroa said "the fulness"gunu, the tribe of the sage and would come, that Elder W. M.

chief, Potangaroa. Members of Bromley of Springville, Utah, arthis tribe joined the Church of rived in New Zealand to preside

Jesus Christ in great numbers, and over the mission, and he was told in doing so, they gave tribute to before leaving home "that the time whom tribute was due; custom to had come to take the gospel to the

whom custom; fear to whom fear; Maori people."

honor to whom honor. Members of At the conclusion of the "coveother tribes of the race also joined nant"it was set forth that all that

the Church in considerable numwas written would be fulfilled by bers during the same year. The the Ngatikahungunu Tribe within

"covenant"says further: "This the next forty years. Forty years

covenant is to be remembered by from 1881 would be 1921. During

the generations which follow after that period of years the only Maori us. Arid the fruits of that which is (Continued on page 754)

Waikato carved at canoes—taken Ngaruawahia

Entrance to Maori Pa, Rotorua, North Island, New Hui Tau These canoes were carved for the

Zealand. 1940 centennial. New 1939.Zealand

I"

fc;

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ginning of the Church in this day.;v His forebears, as his kin of this

generation, were pillars of the

Church. The Church would have

been poor without him and his notable ancestry.

The Twelve and the Seventy, GEORGE F. RICHARDS wellover hiswhommeticuloushe presided,and lovingremembercare

in meeting the needs of his colONdayPresidentanniversary,Richards'(he lastwasbirththen mournof theirthefriendpassingand fromleader,thisrejoiceearth leaguesChurch. andTheythe arepeoplegratefulof forhis

eightynine years old ) a friend that he was allowed to be with them their association with him.

remarked, "Next year when you are so long; and they look with a sense His family is large—almost a

ninety, we must have a great celeof pride upon the excellence of his multitude. May the Lord bless them

bration for you."The answer life, which proved that man can if and comfort them as they follow

came promptly, "Well, I should aphe will, live a godlike life. the example of their great father,

preciate it; but then I may be in President Richards life's compass and joy in life will wait upon them.

another and happier clime."So it ever pointed to truth. His hours, To his widow the hearts of Zion's

turned out to be. George F. during his long life, were surmultitude go out in loving sympathy.

Richards, president of the Council rendered to the teaching and pracThe Lord continue to bless her.

of the Twelve Apostles, died on tice of truth. His interests were not Praise the Lord for President

Tuesday, August 8, 1 950. divided. George F. Richards and his life.

The hosts of Zion, while they His lineage ran back to the be--—/. A. W.

WORTHY OF EMULATION

TO Georgelive so Franklinfull a lifeRichards,as Presidentone people,learning. and a sincere desire for

must have set his goals high and Elder Richards was one of the striven to attain them throughout earliest graduates from the Unihis long, useful period on earth. A versity of Deseret, later to become

member of the Council of the the University of Utah. He speTwelve since 1906, and President cialized in English language and

of the Quorum since 1945, Presiliterature. Although he was emdent Richards has always been ployed for a time by the Utah Cenvaliant in the cause of truth. As tral Railroad, his love for farmPresident of the Twelve he showed ing took him into that profession

meticulous care in meeting the needs in Tooele, and he became in addiof the stakes and missions of Zion. tion to a successful farmer and

Like his father and mother before stockman, a businessman, operating him, he knew the right and never a lumber and hardware store also GEORGE F. RICHARDS

hesitated to speak out in its dein that city.

fense, no matter how unpopular the Throughout his life he was acIn addition to his Church work, subject might be. One of his most tive in the Church. He served as Elder Richards, prior to his appositive sermons in recent years elder, seventy, high priest, and pointment as an Apostle, held honflayed the bad practice of gossiping. patriarch, as well as being counselor ored positions in the community.

President Richards was born in in the presidency of Tooele Stake He was county treasurer of Tooele

Farmington, Utah, February 23, for sixteen years. County, chairman of the school

1861, to Franklin Dewey Richards, Ten years after his call to the board, and a member of the state

President of the Quorum of the apostleship, Elder Richards was legislature.

Twelve Apostles and Church hiscalled to preside over the European Alice Almira Robinson Richards, torian, and his wife, Nanny LongsMission where he served for three whom he married, March 9, 1882, troth Richards, a convert to the years (19161919). For sixteen when he was twentyone years of

Church from England who had years, from 1921 to 1937, he diage, bore him fifteen children, ten come to Nauvoo when she was rected the work in the Salt Lake daughters and five sons, thirteen eleven and who possessed rare Temple as president. Since that of whom are still living. All of

qualities of faith, courage, refinetime President Richards served as their sons have filled honorable misment, and intelligence. His parents supervisor of all temples. He also sions, and three of them have

disposiacting Patriarch an even with him wasendowed to the Church served as mission presidents—Joel, for for 1942. the 1937 to landtion, a love from and (Continued on page 752)

SEPTEMBER 1950 699 &f

o. l/l/edton

...WHAT

years old, and it frightened me activity. Nervous systems were

nearly to death."not subjected to the stress of traffic

The common notion that one's hazards, movie thrillers, the high age is measured by the calendar is speed of mere living.

not precisely correct. Most of us Aging of a human body involves

recognize the fact that many indichanges in all its tissues. Such alviduals are old at fifty while others terations include the laying down

go on into their eighties without of fibrous tissue—that same kind apparent slackening of ambition or scars are made of—to replace wornappetite for accomplishment. out elastic cells, and other specialLike manmade machines, the huized elements which cannot be

man body is endowed with a cerremade as fast as they are detain span of activity or operation. stroyed. Water in the cells deIts duration varies according to creases. There is narrowing of

what one inherits from one's foreblood vessels, reducing nutrition to bears, in rugged or frail constituthe structures and more slow retion, in resistance or susceptibility moving of wastes from them.

to disease. So is it shortened or Glands of internal secretion befully lived out according to the gin to falter, at first a little and

care one gives to one's body mechlater a great deal. Their relationanism and how much of abuse ship to one another undergoes

it receives along the way. changes. Heart muscle ceases to

The scriptures tell us that there have quite the same reserve energy effort for extra or for endurance, individual the gets out ofAsday—evenmortals, wewithare creaturesour dreamsof toof wasof a humana time whenlife wasthesixaverageto ten timesspan and

tomorrow. Each of us seems filled as great as it is today. Many breath more quickly upon exertion.

with serene confidence that his factors contributing to our shortBecause narrowed vessels carry abilities, his energy, his being acened years were lacking in the less blood to body muscles, their cepted on the job will always relives of those early peoples. Instrength begins to decline. This,

main as of now. The possibility numerable diseases have developed too, is promoted by alterations in

of change to his disadvantage through the centuries—most of glands of internal secretion.

appears remote—something affecting only the other fellow. 'pHE scriptures tell tis that there ivas a time when the

Then, perhaps with little or no average span of a human life was six to ten times forewarning, each comes some day as great as it is today—

to realize that he has reached a turn in the road, a place from which JJany factors contribthe way ahead looks curiously difthem growing out of our gradual uting to our shortferent. It may be occasioned by a crowding together under conditions ened years were lacking

these of civilization. were of Few compelling his health inbreak in the times of those early its in all then. Sugar, operative or complete slowing downsome peoples. uses, forms was and complex of us of occupation. Mostchange

will face such a new prospect with probably unknown, except as it surprised bewilderment. occurred naturally in fruits and like Digestive organs, from being able

Recently a vigorous man said to foods. Certain narcotic drugs and to take any kind of meal in their

me: "I came for some checking stimulants to which humanity has stride, become less capable of

over, mainly as a means of reasbecome enslaved were undreamed heroic tasks, and must be accorded suring myself. I have but lately of. Dry, overheated homes, with at least a little attention to keep

quit the teaching profession and their poisonladen house dusts, them reasonably efficient.

taken over a merchandising busiwere not yet evolved. Sedentary Owing to a degree of muscular

ness. After I had made the deal, occupations were not common in letdown, changes in posture often

I suddenly realized that I am fifty those days of physical labor and develop without our realizing them.

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Stooped shoulders may go on into nervous system. This shows itself of reducing the amount of food in-

a general stooping state. Sagging in two major ways: (1) affecting take as one's labor is diminished. In

of the abdominal wall is common, functions of tissues and systems of addition, one should learn to eat frequently beginning long before the body, and (2) producing simply and avoid those less dimiddle age. It is favored by a changes in emotions and in mental gestible, palatetickling viands modsitting position at work and by processes. ern civilization has taught us to

consider as delicacies. Sweets,

pastries, and other fancy desserts should be indulged in with decreaseration.ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT? ing frequency and increasing modEating of meals late at night to

burden a sleeping digestion had best be avoided, and regular habits carelessness as to keeping the musAlterations of the first type operof elimination encouraged.

cles functioning. It is said that ate in slowing down the whole body As has been indicated, heart and

this has serious consequences in mechanism. Aging of tissues goes blood vessels undergo gradual aldisturbing proper relationship of oron more rapidly in some organs and teration which makes some lessengans in the abdomen, which in turn cells than it does in others. There ing of physical activity with adaffects the heart and great vessels. are structures that grow old and vancing years a positive need. This

Some observers have maintained cease to function by the time the does not mean that one should abthat abdominal sagging is a major individual is ready to be born. ruptly cease heavy physical labor

factor in the onset of many heart Others, such as some internal secreand become sedentary. Neither

attacks. They feel that consistent tory glands, seem to have covered does it imply that complete physiattention to keeping a normal tone their span of activity by the time cal inactivity, on the part of those

in abdominal muscles is a distinct an individual body has lived oneof even advanced years, is dehelp in preventing this increasingly sirable. Instead, there should be

fatal event. common heavy tapering from a gradual comes some affecting tissues in and |7ach Change fatigue finds that as one work, to realize day

comes on sooner and more rest that he has reached is required.

a turn in the road. Some degree of regular physical

exercise, whether it be walking, working in the garden an hour or two, or just a few minutes of simple settingup maneuvers, should be a part of the daily routine. This

will provide help in keeping joints free, posture good, muscles active, elimination regular, the mind clear, and one's outlook cheerful—all important objectives.

Emotional and psychic or mental changes of advancing years are more complex in their origin. They

are also more difficult for the individual to understand and to deal with. Preparation to meet them

should begin during one's twenties or thirties. Development of multiple interests in which one may become absorbed is an excellent way

of approaching the problem. At

about the joints bring on mild arhalf its normal expectation of years. the very least it should comprise

thritis, with increasing frequency as Since these latter glands are training for, or engaging in, an age advances. In part, these may intimately concerned with producinteresting avocation that is suitresult from particular occupational tion of physical energy, their able for one's later years.

strains, but they are likely to grow lowered activity naturally carries With such a provision one will worse when one becomes less active with it lessening of body needs welcome relief from the arduous and the limbs are allowed to stay for great fuel supplies. There is duties of regular occupation as a

in more or less the same position also slowing of body fires which boon. There will be no -physical

for long hours. burned up the heavy meals formerand mental depression over sudden

Advancing years, as well as true ly eaten. This, with the decline realization that one is to be releaging processes, may exert proof digestive activity already mengated to the retired group. Achievefound influence upon the human tioned, would suggest the wisdom (Concluded on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1950 701.

YOUR AGEWHAI ARE YOU DOING ABOUT II?

{Concluded from preceding page) age and can still do his work as of us knows enough about Holy ment in the fascinating and less well as ever. Perhaps he can, too, Writ or about the gospel, and sysstrenuous field beckons a new zeal, but this is a young man's world tematic study of the scriptures is a

and the individual steps eagerly in industry. However senseless most fascinating privilege. Perhaps

out of the old working mold into it is to set every man on the reyou are unaccustomed to study and a new one. Actually he is being tired shelf at so many years, youth do not remember what you read.

graduated to some anticipated rewill be served. Possibly, too, it is This can be helped by keeping

ward, rather than discarded to better so, for the wisdom of older pencil and notebook handy and boredom and discontent. heads is needed to control the making notes or indexing the things

The particular nature of this avoworld's doings, and they should be read so you can return to them.

cation, or of these multiple special freed of strenuous demands that No Latterday Saint should ever interests, must depend entirely upon they may meditate and crystallize suffer for want of something to do.

the likes, abilities, and special enthe wisdom of experience to guide No organization in the world has vironment of the person concerned. those who come after. so much useful and joyinspiring

Only the one involved can make Still, all are not fitted by nature work for its members. If you doubt

the final selection. with the inspiration and mind of this, enlist yourself in some phase

A great variety of activities will aa LorenzoBernardSnow,Baruch,a Brighamor a ThomasYoung, ofas thea stakevast mission,missionaryor workingservice, suchwith if available, studone but foundbe pitifully adult the are almost of Aaronic Edison. members Many

ies one's with dethe problem own is Priesthood. within labor endless resources themdevoid of There

sires in preferences mind. and

pitifully of ento selves dilemma meet the few to be done and if willChoice be easier to make, it that habitual release from forced to cover workers all. Perhaps

one begins early in life the prepararoutine by which they have lived you feel reluctant to start out in to older bridgetion of this happy service. to for years. submissionary Unless some go Then many

for imply does ityears. need Nor stitute are bishop they can soon be found, fret your and tell him you

any considerable extra funds. Hapthemselves into petulant old age available to help where he needs

piest of all selections will be someor, more commonly, into the grave. you. There are few bishops inthing an individual has a deep inIf the preparation was made deed, in the Church of Jesus Christ

terest in but has little time for along the way for this inevitable of Latterday Saints, who do not while working at his regular ocsituation, the person lessens his need laborers in their wards.

cupation. developed be It can by in field activity expanding one by 3. to attend Daily degree somereading, accumulation gradual of it in so naturally that the another to activity physical the of keep body equipment, dabneeded and some transition brings feeling of only a fit, erect, joints posture working,

it in untilbling as along, goes one vacation. going a on elimination general regular, and anticipatedthe time one when may plans have been no Where tone up. body full off its intostep of enjoyment

worked out, one should begin by 4. Attend cultural activities, asfascination.

thinking the thing through and paymusical feasts, plays, socials, lecSome individuals have always ing some attention to certain simple tures, to preserve a keen enjoyment had a hankering to grow beautiful rules of hygiene concerning this of such growthpromoting experiflowers, others to engage in such time. Among the most important ences.

skilled handicraft as cutting and are: 5. Do some form of creative work

polishing of semiprecious stones, 1 Never cease to look ahead and each weekday for the joy it brings, basket weaving, leatherwork, cabito anticipate the future with and you will not envy anybody anylathework.netmaking, Some love its are never Remember, you promises—that is a quality of thing! pencil or brush;sketching with some youthfulness. to learn in years to too old and

wish to write. There is almost 2. Choose some activity in which grow!

no limit to the scope of possibilities. you are interested and begin plans 6. Don't be afraid to adopt new

Where no preparation has been to get into it at once—something things. If you are afraid of the

made for the time of retirement in which you may achieve creative new, you are old!

from one's occupation, there usualresults. This may be some dif- 7. Avoid ever feeling sorry for

ly comes a day when the realization ferent kind of employment, a hobyourself. Selfpity is the most

descends that one's day of full by, writing, painting, gardening. deadly poison you can indulge in.

productivity, one's useful ability on Some individuals, because of physi- 8. Remember that this is our prothe job is running out. cal disability, or from sheer bebation, and those years that fall

It seems natural for humans to wilderment, seem unable to find in what has been called middle and think that only the other fellow themselves and to begin anything old age are given us for a definite will grow old. Thus, when a perconstructive. They can seem to purpose to ripen and crystallize our

son senses that his years are beginthink of nothing they can turn to, experiences into wisdom. Only by

ning to sit heavily upon him, he and are likely to fall into depresmaking good use of them can we may suffer deep emotional pangs. sion and listlessness. produce the contribution expected

At first he is likely to argue in his In such a situation one's Church of each of us to His work among the mind that with him things are difmembership may prove an even children of men-—our brothers and

ferent. He is not old, even at that greater blessing than usual. None sisters.

702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Homemakin.J Career

Dm /Janice rf/cLune f\c vine (A

can't honestly say that my intermaking; and for those who do mar-

I eststic—inhavefactalwaysas a beensmalldomesgirl I ry Homeits valueeconomicsis beyond comprisesmeasure. so

was one of the worst tomboys in the much more than just cooking and -=&&- neighborhood. Even in junior high sewing. I should like to enumerate

school I had wild dreams of becomsome of the courses offered and ing archeologist. a or spy an Howgirls required of the in the home ly, in feelings secure our of working I social ever, as gained more and economics redepartment: family together the ideals with same and maturity, realizeemotional that I lationships, child development, parphilosophies, to knowing and where basic to goals aims and weremy relationships, entchild marriage it. to find help should go need we I love the continue security and had is courtship (which and undoubtedqualities of These confidence and in parents'in a home,known my ly of the one classes most popular security strengthen time, with and inthis of own.home With my the for on campus both boys and establish therefore staemotional an into sight personal needs came my girls), textiles, design, dress patbility in early marriage. realization of thethe farreaching tern textile making, chemistry, I the have witnessed of value beeffects of the family democratic

foods, of chemistry nutrihuman ing confident prepared again as and unit basic of democracyunit—the tion, home management budget and a mother.The confidence of the parintothe children of development planning, biochemistry, upholstery, is ents reflected in child, the givingintelligent citizens. new Thus my planning, interior design. and home feeling a security of him "beand twofold:goal personal dewas of the required classes taught Some longingness."that say Some when role thevelopment of a and conoutside the of are: busidepartment is its a in newborn placed babe Itributing to society; member and ness economics, for psychology arms, mother's the mother knows this that for specificrealized goal child sociolmajors, development

it. instinctively to care for In howtraining as for necessary as was heredity, biology, ogy, plus so many hospitals, penal mental and many is other profession. Indeed,any elected in the hours individual by institutions the throughout worldtraining the in not greatest the need

art, various other as departments authorities the state that of most today?world English, history, philosophy. difficulties the to trace early back

The majority of my friends took Perhaps one of the most valuable childhood days and to the lack of advantage of the home economics contributions gained from my home correct guidance by parents. I, for

courses in junior high school and economics education (other than one, am surely thankful for my high school. At that time, these the specific knowledge acquired in childdevelopment training in learnwere only one course in cooking various studies) was confidence in ing to handle the various growth

and one in sewing, with little homemyself. When I was first married, patterns and routines of early childmaking. When it came time to dethe thought of housekeeping and hood. The young mother must recide upon a college major, many of managing, budget planning, food alize the importance of the very first

them felt that they had taken all preparation, and the social and few months and years of life in the that home economics had to offer. psychological adjustments to be development of most of the habits,

Some of the girls felt that they could made did not frighten nor alarm me. attitudes, and personality traits.

gain the additional home economics I had already practised and solved It is a wellknown fact that peoknowledgemarried—buttheytheyneededwere verywhenshortthey manyfrontedof inthemyproblemsvarious tohomebe coneco- plewelltrainedenjoy thatandfor inwhichwhichthey theyare

sighted. Others felt that they might nomics classes. Through studies, possess some skill and accomplishnever marry, that they wanted to class discussions, and readings in ment. Those girls who are wellpursue another career. However, the "family relationship"and "martrained in home economics, who

I am sure that many of these girls riage and courtship"classes, my have learned the quicker and more will marry, and if they don't, they husband and I were able to solve efficient methods of homemaking, will want a home of their own and many of the adjustments and diffiare certainly not bored with it.

a nice one, though it may be a small culties of most "young marrieds"in Rather they enjoy and find a deep apartment. Home economics has our engagement period. Those that interest in it. Homemaking presents

much to offer these girls, especially we did have to face after we were a challenge to them. Not only must

with their limited time for homemarried, we faced together honest- (Concluded on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1950 703 HOMEMAKING - A CAREER

(Concluded [rom preceding page) do more than average: wise planor being required to study and to

the welltrained homemaker accomning and buying of foods, clothing, learn to enjoy courses such as famplish domestic tasks, but she must furnishings, and all household ily relationships, child development, be a businesswoman, diplomat, dietiitems; a consideration of quality as home management, courtship and

tian, interior decorator, nurse, well as quantity. marriage, have missed their greatest

for a opportunity and happy making teacher. Post,Emily and She I the years, looking over In back schools home. successful The art bring cultureshould to her and I liking that didn't gain see now my the for courses such provide shouldfamily of should example be and an entirely for through homemaking the for only not few many, who getting neighborlinessgood and courses. college home own My family of elect them. knowledge A others. Girls wellalong with factor, that contributing a but was

is just necessary as relationships intrained are economics home the given not alone have would me girls. for fundaas for Thus boys also of the everchangingaware I possess. proficiency Also now assimilated ideals be mental mayneeds and know I first classes methods—they helpful the few were living period into a over everyday into find to additional gowhere school. junior at high took Here of part until a they of years become their formation thus educamaking the planted of as seeds were some

is training fundaperson. This the static. tion rather In than dynamic in school. high However, more were

it life; in to success with mental I last analysis, thatthe found have I basic there no as were remember divorces fewer and there be would of as economics aware home I am in relationfamily required courses homes.""broken I this such. that through mean By child ships, marriage development, observabeen It has my personal I efficient quicker, methods more or manageand courtship true home friends tion that who among my to practise: myself enabledhave either in junior high or senior ment four for three or married have been 1. Economics of time—I find school. This to me is a great misyears, those wives who have worked

budgeting time equally as valuable take since so many young people all the time (I speak now of inas budgeting money. I developed a marry with only high school trainstances where it has been a matter

method to help me do this when I ing or less. Future homemakers of choice not necessity, for the

was married. I made a list of all who end their schooling with high husband's wage is equivalent to

my household duties, jotting down school graduation, without electing that of most family men of moderate new tasks I came across that I means) are not any farther ahead, hadn't thought of. I then divided

if as far, materially or emotionally, these duties into monthly, biweekly, as are those couples where homeweekly, and daily duties. These are making has been the wife's only

next plotted on a calendar chart PARABLE OF THE TALENTS occupation. In trying to analyze

along with a tentative time schedule and understand why this should for each day. Thus I have before By Virginia D. Randall be so, I have observed the followme a systematized work plan for ing factors: these couples eat out

I their within dreamers the month. saw each day know to less time often; they have just Two dreams more

night. selfsame one dream The I to there accomplish; what want spending, and buying and plan their there, flourished city heavenly A of precious wasting minutes is no light. lambent with is Aglow waste. there therefore The more

poverty, or slums sign of wondering to do first, what No and my usually are more downtown wives

Its streets welldevised; were leaves organized no work being temptation the unto buy often, and in Its flowered parks, children played

tasks undone; each thing is cared Its labor organized. needed items is greater. Many of

for as it needs attention. To many them employ a cleaning woman or

this may sound like fuss and bother; Both dreamers woke—the vision fled, other help. They have to pay for

out both looked And time of however, the small amount of these lunches. All on grime, carfare and filled selfishness city with A is little spent in forethought indeed little defilthiness unimportant seemingly and crime. Of

compared to the value received. In One dreamer hid his head and cried tails when added together total quite

again, tried to dream saving time we acquire more leisure And to return once more a sum, not to mention worn tempers Attempting to be spent with our family, comTo lands beyond his ken. and frayed nerves when both husmunity, and avocations—all of band and wife come home tired from

which aid in making us more inThe other dreamer took his pen, a day's work.

teresting individuals. the while dream was new I that In conclusion, I say may memories, Recorded drew up plans 2. Economics realize the each day more fully of labor—Here the And to view. For architects

keyword is efficiency. By efficiency He gathered money from his friends; values of daily practice and extoo; hired workmen He the greatest "accomplishing I mean, perience; no book learning is by there sprang a city up soon And of time work, in the shortest amount for them. a substitute like true. his means Howdream come Just

possible, with the least effort."The ever, the three working together in

economics of labor—efficiency! Majestic temple spires drew harmony are the intelligent, the

flock to pray. happy for foundation a homemakmodern

first marveled long and came man The ing career. pave the way They slowly away. walked get—stretching3. Economics ofthethedollarfamilyto budthe ThenThe

"nth"degree. Every class in home His dream had yielded naught to him toward better homemakers, happier

pain; But bitterness and families, and a finer America and economics teaches in one way or

built on the dream The second man another how to make the income For other people's gain. world.

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ZJL &t&&*'eJjouiii SEARCH

Twowallofwatchingus were thesittingdancersagainstat thethe poiseit. It'sandbeenstylinghard.andFrancie,all the dorestyouof

it has been worth it?"high school Prom—myself and really think

Maida Ward. I was there because I Odd that she seemed to need my

had strained my ankle, and Maida reassurance. For just a tick of time,

at me,was there because—well, because the old Maida stared out

she was Maida. pathetic, uncertain.

She turned a shy smile on me, "Been worth it?"I said, wishing

"My, I'm glad you're here to keep I had half her glamor. "I should

me company, Francie. I hate sitsay so! Remember what you said at

ting by myself like this."the Prom, Maida? I hope every one

"It must be dreadful, Maida. of those boys gets a look at you."

Honestly, I don't see why you Maida smiled, pleased. "Well, a

come."I didn't mean it the way it few of them have and they've

sounded, but then we were all of asked me for dates."She looked off

us too frank with Maida, just why into the distance. "It's wonderful

I don't know, except maybe that she ing"He firstturnedto towardMaida. us, his eyes "homfor my morale, Francie, but they

never fought back. Usually, she don't interest me any more."

didn't seem to mind our remarks. I sneaked a quick look at her engagement this time redher But big nose

talk, to way Maida. You'll show mean—there'sfinger. someoneIt was bare.special,"You randened. She a nervous hand

all right."them, Maida?"hair. "I limp, strawlikeover her

sat very still, her eyes lowwouldn't come, but Mother makes We were graduated from high She me."Her light blue eyes with their school the next week. Maida left ered. "No, Francie, there isn't. anystubby lashes followed the dancers. town, and I didn't see her for two one. Not yet. It may sound silly to

years. Then one day the telephone you, but I'm waiting for the perfect

kept "Francie,"her she gaze for me, I perfect said, a rang, vibrant voice sweet and man man—the I'm think me, from "doaway you

this mean."I'm "Francie, is Maida Ward.

I ugly? mean, dodownright you perfect, you in to for know he's awhile. I'd love town back "How will

think I could ever be attractive see you."Maida?"

enough so that some man would "Why, of course, Her blue eyes swept

Want to marry me?"Maida, I'd love to mine, but I couldsquare body, at her big, I looked too."to see you,

ofthe slump awkward I A SOUL - SEARCH- n'tpressionunderstandin them.the "I'llexat the asher wondered

shoulders, and, for all her bigness, sured ring in her ING, tender know,"she said althe shrinking timidity of her. Poor voice. She had always story of heartbreak most sadly. "You see,

Maida! She didn't have a chance. sounded like such a... and happiness Francie,"she began

Not when everybody had called her scared little bird. Then she laughed

"that awkward looking Ward girl"abruptly and stood for so long she knew it, too. Che came striding buoyantly up up, shaking that, glorious hair

But I couldn't tell even Maida the walk. The change in her and looking confident and poised

that, not when her eyes, fixed on voice was nothing compared to the again. "No, you wouldn't see. You

thedistant wall, were showing how change in the rest of her. That couldn't."She patted my cheek in

starved she was for some word of square, clumsy shape was gone. an effective womanof-theworld

approval. Stunning was the word for her figstyle, and was off down the walk

"Of course you can be attractive, ure. Her hair was wheatcolored with that new beautiful stride of

Maida,"I said firmly, "if you would and lustrous. I suppose her nose hers.

just fix yourself up a little."was still big and her eyes still small, "Can you imagine,"our little

She turned to me then, her face but people would never notice. Their clique said again and again, "Maida

all people, of turning out just couldn't get past that Ward, glance flushing with eagerness. "Why,

like that? she's like a queen."Why, Francie, I believe look her face. She alive you mean it."on

inevitable question, "I Then the hard.gripped "Francie, hand my

she'll marry?""Why, Maida,"I gasped, "whatwonder whom toI'm I'm going to going do it. have you done to yourself? too. out I wondered went Maidamake myself pretty. Some day ever

classwith marvelous."former those You're them all, allthose boys out there who won't

even give me a tumble now will She laughed, richly. "Thanks, mates who had considered her a

beg 'for a date. You just wait and Francie, I owe it all to you. You great joke, and one by one she discarded them, gently though. Then

see; Francie."were the one who got me started. after awhile, she went away, and

. I tried to keep the pity from But I've really worked. Exercises the talk died down.

showing in my smile. "That's the and dieting and voice training and {Concluded on page 744)

SEPTEMBER 1950. 705

IN THE DESERT

2v. 2). J4uA y> PL &

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR RELIGION, OF HISTORYmLAND

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

able, thdugh 'impractical,'material tain to their proper right hand a of metal."More precious docuhole having a diameter of 1/5"for

ments, such as the famous treaty the ring to pass through.... All

of 1278 between the kings of Egypt plates are written on both sides."

and the Hittites, were kept on silThe date of these plates is about ver plates, while the royal record 324 A.D. The contents, a charter

of the deeds of Darius deserved of royalty stating the conditions nothing less than gold. The mysunder which the country shall be

terious "reformed Egyptian"texts governed. Further east, but still

from Byblos are on bronze plates, within the sphere of Indian culture,

IX and the Demotic Chronicle of Egypt inscribed plates of the same type,

Sigoriginally kept on plates. but which no read one can any A Word About Plates was

is Idrisi's in nificant this regard more, are "handed from down

vation of the tomb of Mycerinus, supernatural origin,"30"showing thatWe Tyre,have toseenscorehowa pointthe rulerin barof account (1226 A. D. ) of the excafather to son as ancient charms of

gaining with Wenamon, had the builder of the great Third the tradition of the importance and his family records and accounts Pyramid. Idrisi reports that all that significance of the plates survived

brought out and read to him. In the was found in the tomb was a blue after the knowledge of reading

Amarna tablets the Rabu of one sarcophagus containing "the dethem had perished. Among the

small Palestinian city writes to a cayed remains of a man, but no Karens such a plate, formed of "two neighboring prince: "But now betreasure, excepting some golden kinds of plates welded together back

hold (note the Book of Mortablets, inscribed with characters to back,"the one of copper and mon style) the king causeth that of a language which nobody could the other apparently of gold, was his true city should go from understand."The tablets were used "the talisman by which the chief

his hand; let the king search in to pay the workmen, and the gold in held his power over the people, 308

the tablets which are kept in the each of them was worth about two who thereby preserved in supersti306house of his father, and learn hundred dollars. We leave the tious form the knowledge that the

whether the one who rules Gubla reader to speculate on what might plate was actually a royal charter has been his true servant."302 Here have been written on those plates to begin with.

as in Tyre the records were kept at of gold which one of the greatest of Now Hither India seems to be the house of the ruling family; even Pharaohs apparently regarded as far removed indeed from the culin distant Rome in the time of Lehi the greatest treasure with which he tural world of Lehi, yet the fact

the records from which the later could be buried. is that the writing on all those

annals were composed seem to have From an unexpected direction plates actually came right from been preserved on tablets in the comes new and possibly significant that world. It is now known that

houses of the leading families. By light on written plates. Of recent the script of India was derived

that time the practice seems to have years a considerable number of from Aramic and Phoenician forms been universal around the Meditercopper plates, inscribed, perforated, in turn derived from Egyptian.

ranean. Where the record was one and linked together with metal30 'Since the oldest writing in India

of real importance, plates of copper, rings, have turned up in India. is that found on the plates, it is at

bronze, or even more precious metal Typical of these (except that they least probable that they preserved were used instead of the usual are narrower than most) are the not only the earliest script but also wooden, lead, or clay tablets. One Kesarbeda Plates: the form in which the prototype of

of the most recent finds of this type "The set consists of three copper that script reached India: The peofrom Palestine is "a copper or plates strung together on a copper ple who introduced the Semitic

bronze plate"in Hebrew, dating ring... the circumference and alphabet to India were people who

from the twelfth century B.C., 3M diameter of the ring are about 7.4"kept their records on plates bound

containing a message "of entirely and 2"respectively.... The plates together with rings, a form presecular, profane character,"but measure roughly 7.5"in length and served by the Indians themselves

"which must have seemed important 1.5"in breadth each. The corners in their oldest and most sacred recenough to be engraved on the durare rounded off.... The plates conords. The case of the Karens is par706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

more "precious"than ( Metall von Himmelsfavbe ), 318ticularly significant because those valuable—far312

people have displayed such astongold. The recentlydiscovered which may well have been steel.

ishing cultural affinities with the sword furnace at Gerar vindicates Ceremonial swords in very old

Jews that some observers have even not only the Bible, which had long Egyptian tomb painting are colored claimed them to be of Jewish been thought to be in error on the blue to represent either iron or steel, origin."10 If that is so, their history matter of iron weapons, but the according to the same authority. 319

must have paralleled Lehi's in more Book of Mormon as well. 313 The While the problem of the origin and

ways than one. Many chapters of famous Damascus blades are of unage of iron and steel remains unthe Diaspora remain to be written. known antiquity; their steel, of solved, every step in the last forty

At the very least the Indian plates fabulous quality, was always made years has been in the direction of bear witness to the importance of of meteoric iron, according to proving a much greater antiquity the linkedplate type document in Jacob—an indication of very anand much more widespread use of

ancient times. cient origin.'Even in modern those metals than was formerly believed to be possible.

How Nephi disguised himself in the clothes of Laban and tricked

Laban's servant into admitting him to the treasury is an authentic bit of oriental romance, and, we must repeat, of history as well, for such things did and do happen. During

World War II just such melodramatic bluffing proved highly successful on innumerable occasions, effecting thousands of escapes from a watchful enemy.

When Zoram, Laban's servant, discovered that it was not his master with whom he had been discussing the top secret doings of the elders as they walked the outskirts of the city, he was seized with terror. In such a situation there was only one thing Nephi

could possibly have done, both to sparealarm—andZoram noandwesterneravoid givingcould

have guessed what it was. Nephi,

a powerful fellow, held the terrified

Zoram in a vicelike grip long enough to swear a solemn oath, "as the Lord liveth, and as I live"(Ibid., 4:32), that he would not

—Religious News Service Photo harm him if he would listen. Zoram Eastern tongue of the Red Sea, near Eziangeber, in the land of Edom.

immediately relaxed, and Nephi

Nephi was much impressed by Palestine swords and daggers have swore another oath to him that he

Laban's sword: been "mostly of Damascus or would be a free man if he would

the hilt thereof was of pure gold, and Egyptian manufacture."315 The genjoin the party:

the thereof eral workmanship question of steel in exceedingly the ancient was the wilt Tn into thou go Therefore dowfine,.. the thereof blade and. was is still unsettled. of world BabyThe shalt father thou to have wilderness if my steel. (Ithe precious most 4:9.) Nephi lonians distinguished eru between (Ibid., 1:34.) place with us.

Such ceremonial swords and dag- (cf. our "ore"), meaning iron, lead,

gers with hilts of finely worked gold or copper, and "shining eru,"which We have already considered the 316 have been common in the Near meant copper or steel. In Egypt correctness of the expressions "go

East throughout historic times. a like distinction was made between down,"and "have place,"as well

Many exemplars from Egypt and ordinary iron, which was not only as the necessity of having Zoram

Babylonia repose in our museums, known but actually used for utenaddress himself to no one but and the Arab princes still wear them sils as early as the Old Kingdom, Nephi's father. What astonishes the

as a badge of nobility. and that type of iron known as nonOriental reader here is the

"Precious steel"is an interesting tehazet, which some interpret as miraculous effect of Nephi's oath term. Wainwright has pointed out Asiatic iron. Another type, benipe, to Zoram: by speaking a few

that from the earliest times the is "iron from heaven,"i.e., either conventional words his fears were

Egyptians made swords of meteoric meteoric iron or, as Von Luschan instantly and completely allayed, iron, which was of course very believed, "skycolored m e t a 1,"(Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1950 707

LEHI IN THE DESERT

(Continued from preceding page) close the long, weary years of moIt is virtually the same scene:

while on the other hand as soon as notonous toiling through the sands. the mountains, the rich woodlands

Zoram After traveling a vast distance with timber for ships, the bountidirection, for in of southsoutheasterly a a paradise ful meadows that us unto he an oath wouldmade of the the party 32"the view struck off almost sea bedue east bees,.. forth that time. ourtarry with us from

fears did cease concerning him. (Ibid., through the worst desert of all, yond, and above all the joy-

4:35, 37.) where they "did wade through much ful relief at a sudden and unexThe reaction of both parties affliction,"to emerge in a state of pected deliverance from one of the

deserts into earth. worst a exhaustion complete almost the on Much sense realizes onemakes when

description same the totally suit paradise unexpected the by would that the 2, oath is the thing one of mountains east;'farther indicated route sea. would The Oman

isthat sacred inviomost and the discovery either at the of to the sea which a bring as them came lable the desert people: among great in surprise the 1838. of of mountains Oman or When Von will his"Hardly an break Arab

latter. gave a the preferably glowing Wrede description Hadramaut,

if life inoath, his even be of the 1 this in mountains secof the Mountains the Qara Of Hadramaut jeopardy."not every oath But in 1843, the the great one of few EuroThomas, Von Humboldt binding will do: to be most and tor and, following them, ever him, seen peans of course, who has the

oath the solemn should an be by whole learned writes: world, simply reit if 328 life of something, but even be fused to believe him.

place! a glorious three Mountains What of grass; the a blade only oath more

( be To concluded tropifeet basking high thousand a above life that one's than awful by own their cal slopes velvety ocean, seaward BIBLIOGRAPHY life (less the of or common) "by my their jungle, fragrant roofs with waving 302Knudtzon. Die I, AmarnaTa\eln 372f 74j. (No. is the head,"Allah, hayat "by wa rolling yellow with beyond meadows, 30;,Such the was theory of Niebuhr and K. W.

is It Nitzsch. certain that family to life slope a the northwards records of mountains the or the which "as kept were God,"Lord

(Livy, VIII, Hist. 40, 4; 16. IV. 3), possibly as... steppe. Great sandstone red was my other liveth,"records the the equivalent of were tablets Arab on or "boards."(tabulae

1 I pinakes) in (Dion. 1928 suddenly delight came I. Hist. when 74) ancient hai Elohim. ToHebrew 3*Albright. in 9ff. 73. it calls Halic.BASOR "a it Hebrew all of of arid the out wastes from upon letter of the twelfth century on a copper or bronze it is city glibly the employed by day plate.'borderlands. the southern

305 Obermann, J. it riffraff, Early "An Phoenician anciently but Political an awwas

Document. //. Bibl. Lit. 58 (1939). 229231 pp. living (as "greatest explorer"The it is still idrisj MThe thing, ful the as assa is l among quote(i at p g e enflth E. by A.

Budge, W. The Book the to of Dead. called) of Papyrus has on goes been An, he "I people: desert confirmed my (N.Y., Putnam's, I, 1913) 14, n. 5

of the 7G. aromatic Ramadas, the shrubs describe "Kesarbeda Plate,"Copper Jnl. ol in wise,"the says answer Beduin Bihar Research Society p. (19481, 32: XXXIV pp. valleys, "the the hazy place, wooded lists 3435 beside the ( life Kesarbeda plates said, his 1) he the... Doughty, "By

Mattapad plates of ". Damodaravarman 6%"by lifted \y2 distant sea the of beyond rim

''life the 'Well, Ullah!'of the swear Kautern (2) plates by of Vyayaskandavarman 5]/2 by the it,"(3) Wa", Peddavegi to rolling plates of the mountains Salankavana down I the thus even answered and... Naudivarman 1 6 4/5"2 by /10", the (4) Koroshanda the of copper beauty the wondrous plates of and Viskharvarma 2". by the in (5) use, greater occasion, a 1Y2"nomads Chikulla plates of Vikramendravarma 234". by 7]/s"to the that "sylvan scenes"opened the (6) Komarti in plates thee, life say, the they of but By Chandavarma 1\A"to of wJ> by to 12 2%". VA"plates The with four lines of through as passed he view down little matter."the see one writing to a So we a side all are S2iJ royal grants after and date

350 A.D.; the others to sea. the forests are earlier. lush the that could only Nephi and way 30SA. Bunker. a Karen "On InscriptionPlate,"this picwith ]nl. Nephi's Compare Amer Oriental Soc. 172-7 (1872), the X struggling pacified have Zoram

""It was 1 6 2 by inch.es. 3/16.. /8 is "It [Ibid., 17:5-7): ture of two different in the uttering instant metals: first an the was by half of.plate the

is dark copper, but the ofher is half a liqhter much to the that land did which come oath would no dream one we yellow, I And we man and not. sure it am is that.. not gold

it too seemed heavy for its copper."fruit Bountiful, of cit. called Bunker, because op. much all the of of breaking, solemn most 175. p. 326

... bealso honey. wild we and And 310E. B. Cross, the "On Karens,"]nl. Or. "as the Am. to the oaths Semite: Lord

Soc... (1854). IV p. 308. the notwithstanding sea For held and we years the many.".. theory of I live. Jewish origin {Ibid., liveth, as rejected was as and matter a of afflictions suffered much and had. many course, the school of "spontaneous generation"of'4:32.) cultural that difficulty, so elements caneven yea, being much we supreme. Today, however,

anthropologists are much more to prone attribute a all, exceedingly write not were them we origin to common things that present remarkable to seashore; the rejoiced came resemblances when than of we Desert formerly. the End The

II, 3"Ed. G.d.A. 205; et Hyslop R.M- place Bountiful, called the because and we

in vii. fig. p. (PI. 23 typical PEFQMeyer.1942. 14):

. fruit. its... the voice of al..is.. And much an Assyrian In desert travel, the experts tell of bronze sword in the found of hands

in 1875: Arabs an inscription the on blade Arise, me, saying: the unto Lord came us, like depressingly one anday is it to and theshows date from the 14th century B.C.

... thee into the mountain. get (Biblical Archaeological Society Transactions IV is other, not Nephi's record and

. 347f (1875) iron p. ceremonial ) An found weapon

meant to be a chronicle of everyday recentlygold, T.hadH. a finelyGaster. worked"On handlean Ironof copperAxe fromand

life in the wilderness; most of the BOYS Ugarit,"PEFQ 1943. p. 57f

information he imparts is incidental By Isabelle D. Hanson Archaeol.312Wainwright.XVIII. 3ff"Iron in Egypt."InlEqypi.

cf. art. 117; p. Bible 313Caiger, "Iron Spade, and is to event describing. he some He sent boys; in in me 1.2 Israel."Biblical (1938), Archaeologist The God

5f. Israelites, Margoliouth, p. p. 72) Arabs and fail, girls help to sew hot spedoes me however, to make No

-.. reports tradition that old an was David "King cookies, don't know; sweet you make cial is in And violins."to of to the cuirasses Stradivarius note what Cf marvelous way

life fun, full of so and But boys 151-2. Beduincnleben, Altarab. Jacob, pp.

to the thrive which seemed women last cit., "Syrian 151. is the In century p. sliOp. Still done. o'er bubbling day when

across toiled the Dasword-sharpeners desert from the bed; help with me the of life No on hard Bedouin way knifetheir large (to carrying mascus Meccah),

cool hand on my head; Whengirls Ralli grinding their backs,"Aug. machines on tired—noto (Ibid., a thing that always 17:2),

guiding hand. to a follow at Christians 1909) But boys (London, Heinemann, Meccah

visitors ironworkers, the the descendants impresses p "wandering among The in land. 210. foreign gospel the preach And

to place smiths, primitive of the went from who lace, frilly in here daughter No the conceal Arabs. cannot 324 Nephi in travelers with met by place,"modern been have

face. trace of smooth on powder in 1890. Petrie. desert. 245 No may the p. and PEFQ surprise excitement of these and early of very to the Cainites. well ancient go back if in to wills come, years But God

wonderful days that brought to a My five sons will bring me some. times. (Continued on page 744)

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jrn 1 rl L J—'he J>unnu c=Land

&i only recently, on February 18, bribed c=L. /Loot r. 1848, had obtained from the king of

RESEARCH EDITOR Sardinia the right to exercise their religion, to enjoy civil and political sooner had the Saints begun rights, and to attend schools and universities.NObuilding their homes anew in

the Salt Lake Valley than they Meanwhile, Elder Snow stayed in began to think of missionary activity Genoa and ascertained for himself that the strength of the prevailing in the nations of the earth—on a

larger scale than had ever been religion would make the introducattempted. At the October 1849 tion of the restored gospel difficult

general conference, missionaries indeed.

were called to England (a mission Upon hearing a report of condithat had been established during tions from Elders Toronto and the lifetime of the Prophet Joseph, Stenhouse, Elder Snow reported by and there the harvest of souls had letter to President Richards:

already been great), to the Society I have felt an intense desire to know

Islands, (which mission had been the state of that province to which I had established under the direction of given them an appointment, as I felt asthe Prophet as the first foreignsured Now, itwithwoulda heartbe thefullfieldof gratitude,of my mission.I find

tongue mission of the Church), an opening presented in the valleys of and to the new fields of France, the Piedmont, when all other parts of

Denmark, Sweden, and Italy. The Italylieve arethat closedthe Lordagainsthas ourthereefforts.hidden Iupbe-a

group of Europebound missionpeople amid the Alpine mountains, and it aries departed on October 19, 1849, is the voice of the Spirit that I shall comas the first fullyorganized missionofmencethis somethingdark nation.of importance in that part

ary group to leave their Rocky

Mountain home. A few days later he joined his

Elder Lorenzo Snow of the Countwo fellow missionaries in the Piedcil of the Twelve and Elder Joseph mont valleys. There they busied

Toronto, a native of Italy, had acthemselves learning the language cepted the call to go to that sunny of the people with whom they had land. They went first to Liverpool, been called to labor. They dis-

-"- - for that customary covered it wasEngland, to then and on Genoa, I m religious to hold Protestants these little Elder introneeds Snow Hffi priin called "reunions"meetings U?AT8U later fifth the wasduction—heItaly. elders welwere vate homes. ThePresident it of is the Church, and

from his written notes that many comed, and were soon expressing tenets religious to these their ownof activities these in Italy are made liked their people. of them Someknown. His companion, Elder

distance magnificent appearance. At a short police others threatened acviews,

inToronto, small stature a but city of from the scene a fascinating I have tion.

Italy's picturesquegiant while mountains, over in energy, left little has writis of clearest blue, a head sky and my threeyear-old In September,ten word that has come to light.

filled tears, atare eyes while with my of their host, Grey, the son It Joseph to the picture tempting glorious view. Thomas B. H. Stenhouse joined

at death. point of the His recalls the and lay mind to my inthem England, the three and far sacred scenery of the valley father up. given already him had mostwest—thelovelyelders arrived late in in Genoa Salt Lake, June of are poured the Great where

1850. Elder Snow said in a letter forth the streams of revelation through our Fully aware of the missionary possibilities, to the Prophet people and his comBrigham Elder Snowto President Franklin D. Richards beloved the nations, gathered out from and among into a panions fasted and went

Britishof the silence Mission: nine months where ago in mournful

we pressed the parting hands of our weepnearby mountain to pray. They

Before me I have a lovely and most ing wives and tender offspring. called upon the Lord in solemn,

interesting view of a part of Genoa in the earnest prayer in behalf of the

Mediterranean Sea, bearing upon her broad Elder Snow sent Elders Toronto child, feeling that no sacrifice that multitudes of fishing boats,bosom schoonfrigates, steamers,ers, war of and Stenhouse to the valleys of the the missionaries themselves might and ships many nations. The environs of this famous Vaudois, high in the Piedmont, a make would be too difficult if only

city lie upon my right, and on my left, people who had always defended the work could be opened in Italy.

its palaces, churches, numerous cathedrals, high buildthe principle of religious liberty Returning to the Grey home, they built promenades and antique ings form altogether a very singular and with their life's blood, and who, (Continued on page 730)

SEPTEMBER 1950 709

"(Children it is the last hour"* (I John 2:18.)

Whenthe passageJohn thewhenceBelovedthewrotequoauthorityto the earlypertainingChristian tation at the head of this Church disappeared article is taken, the time was probwith the passing of ably near the end of the first century the Apostles. In other

of our era or at the beginning of the words, Latterday second century. 1 The passage in Saints believe that a

full, freely translated, reads: great apostasy in the

Children, it is the last hour; and just as Church brought

you heard that antichrist was coming, even about its downfall innow many antichrists have come; whence sofar as divine auwe know that it is the last hour. (Author's

rendition.) thority was concerned. To be sure,

A survey of John's epistle shows the outward shell still that his main purpose in writing remained and con"was to strengthen the Saints in the tinued to [unction in faith and to cause them to continue name as the Christian in the teachings they had received Church, but the true from the beginning. Another purpose in writing is seen in the fact life blood, the princithat severe cleavages had taken place ples of seership and

in the Church, with the result that revelation, the right many of its adherents had been atto act in Christ's tracted to dangerous heresies. We name, had departed.

know that near the end of the first The Christian century the Gnostic Cerinthus Church remained taught that Jesus was merely man, such in name only. JESUS THE CHRIST BY THORVALDSEN

and that Christ descended upon him The meaning of at the baptism and left him before his final sufferings (I John 2:22); that

the> Docetists beLight onlieved that Christ New had only the appearance JidneiA of a man, U. J-k. that he S>permyweym, was vDu 1 i5.only a spirit and an illuhis body LITERATURE PROFESSOR OF OLD TESTAMENT LANGUAGES AND AND

sion (I John 4:2); finally, that the DIRECTOR OF RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

JewishChristian Ebionites denied

Christ's divinity and virgin birth John's words, particularly, "it is shall arise, and shall deceive many; And

thatand claimed matter love the of shall abound, an iniquity was because last the hour,"has been demuch shall arise cold. shall There wax manyemanation the of {I Deity. John of bated. older the comMany 2 shall prophets, and false Christs false and5:5. Apostle's to ) reference The

it referthat thought mentators had I Behold, wonders. signs great and shewthe antichrist antichrists or in the Ibid.) (Clarke, last told before. of have to a you ence dispensation grace

scriptural quotation above is eviand mercy to mankind in which dence that serious difficulties had would come the end of the Jewish The famous English New Testacrept into the early Christian temple and state. Others opposed ment scholar and Dean of CanterChurch. But what did he mean this interpretation on the grounds bury, Henry Alford, commented on

by the saying, "it is the last hour,"that the epistle was written after the the clause as follows:

and (after reference to the antidestruction of Jerusalem and could

. it ischrists) Apostle's the exactly meanthat "whence what know we

it. therefore, refer not, to (See sense Clearly, these ing in some words?.by.is last the is of answer hour"? The Clarke's Commentary. Adam last of the period it is the that other, orgreat to importance everyone who 8 that the clause thought Others have world.

is interested in the Primeval Church has reference to a difficult, perilous, and especially to the Latterday and wretched time in which all kinds Alford in the same place repudiSaints, who claim that all the of vices, heresies, and pollutions ates Bengel, who understood the independently 'This translation, made by several scholars, version differs from the King James'by would have their full reign; that clause to mean "the extreme oldusing the word hour in place of time. time of which our Lord predicted, age of John,"and Steinhofer, who

Scott, 1See E. F. The Literature o[ the New

260, 261;Testament, pp. J. E. Steinmtieller, A Matthew 7:15, when he said, explained it to be John's own time

III, to Studies, Scripture 376Companion age. apostolic the the as close of

text, ]. E. Catholic K. 2See and false prophets. Beware And Matthew ofSullivan, to the Testament, Companion pp. NewSteinmueller theA

12, 24, II, p. 446 IV, Part 25: 24:11, Testament. Vol. prophets "Greek Many false cit., Scott,219, also 220; op. p. 265

710 THE IMPROVEMLNT ERA J. R. Dummelow's onevolume pessimistic notion of contemporaneous The Greek word hora, which is

interpretawith perhaps a false and Bible Commentary treats the clause events, in the passage translated "hour"we tion Savior: the of the of remarkby saying: shortest the considering, "this are was till all these shall generation pass not

The Apostles undoubtedly anticipated a things be done."(Matt. 24:34; Mark 13:30; measurement of time among the ancoming of Christ in the near future as a Luke 21:32.)"cients (Souter) and was considered

vital possibility, and all generations are to be a twelfth part of the period enjoined by our Lord's teaching to do the Prat believes that the Apostle from sunrise to sunset. The Greek

same. dispensation shared which well The himself could immediately have Paul is that the dictionary word shows

that great event, the precedes time illusion the grounds of the on common It in of someways. a variety used is to onlywhich the Father known (Mark impart not inspiration that does general, in time is an represents times called, its rightly 13:32), whatever 5

length may prove to be, the "last hour."universal knowledge. advanced period of time, a considerThis common teaching of our able time, besides other special

The very competent A. E. Brooke day, of course, implies that Christ's meanings. The context of John's

in the International Critical ComApostles—Paul, thus: gives his opinionmentary

are good examples—didPeter, andnot haveJohn words,sages in notthe toNewmentionTestament,other leadspasThe "last hour"is the last period of the the knowledge or inspiration sufme to the conclusion that the sacred

interval between the first and second comficient to instruct the Church memwriter was using the word in a

Christ. of theing Christian expectation had bership that Christ's Second Adsense not quite appreciated by cominherited from the docapocalyptic Jewish

trine of a period of extreme distress which vent was far in the future as men mentators. I suggest that the phrase

at allwas to precede the coming of Messiah, and view time—centuries, in fact. No- "last hour"has no reference

in which the hostility of the World Powers tice this comment on I John 2:1829 to the "last period of the world,"

was to culminate in a single opponent. In in the Expositor's Greek Testament, "the end of the world,""the end

false of sothe prevalence many views which was edited by W. Robertson of the Jewish state,"nor doe's it of Jesus, the Person His relationabout and

to God, the writer sees the surest signs of Nicoll: refer to the Second Advent of

their approach, and probably the true fulChrist, whether "imminent"or shared the prevailing He [John]filment of the prediction of his coming. exotherwise as viewed from John's pectation of the imminence of the Second

in Apostle the time. I (cf. 15, 51; 10:11; Phil Cor. 4:5; own What Advent are, purviews for our above The

I 10:25; 4.15 sqq.; 5:8; Thess. Heb. this: James effect The is simply did mean sufficient here, of sampling aposes 1:1, 22-7, 3; I Peter 12, 4:7; 10, 3:11; Rev. inspired with the Church end of relative various held opinionsthe in (a the denial heresy 20), and saw teachers prophets, of Apostles, and

relaof therefore the the Incarnation, and tion of fatherhood and sonship between leading, guiding, and directing the

God and man) an evidence that the end faithful is at hand. The time pre

was at hand. It was rather an evidence dieted by Christ and his Apostles

that the Gospel was winning its The way. respecting an apostasy and overin faith the era unguestioning of simple

Apostolic testimony was past, and men throw of the Church is upon us.

were beginning to enquire and reason. A Adam Clarke's Commentary,

heresy has the same use in theology as a cited above, is correct in referring POSTASY mistaken hypothesis in science; it provokes to the "hour"spoken of by John as:

thought and leads to a deeper understandthe ing. the to Apostle seemed What perilous, time difficult, wretched and A reality in of dissolution "growwere pangs

heresies, all vices, in of kinds and which pains."ing

.. full reign; their pollutions have would

thoughtful most To which LatTo which I would add, "so much Saintsto the meaning of the "last hour."terday be incredulous. would

The explanations of Dummelow and At any rate we know what we are so that the true Christian Church

Brooke probably represent well a up against in opposing current miswould be totally overthrown."

cross section of those commonly conceptions of New Testament Catholics and Protestants alike given today by teachers. Most teachings. will find this explanation of John's

modern commentators, in fact, conwords revolutionary and contrary nect the phrase "last hour"with Now, in view of the great difin important respects to the explanathe Second Advent of Christ. Moreferences of opinion that have been tions of scholarly commentators. I

its in to respect expressed meaning, Latterthe point simply out thatover, contemporary New Testament

I if to attempt pardoned I may be respect position with day Saints'scholars almost universally teach that the Primeval Church believed elucidate I John 2:18 with special to the fate of the ancient Church is

in Christ's immediate return to reference to the phrase "the last revolutionary and upsetting. The

glory. Even the eminent Catholic hour,"First, let me explain that truth more often than not knocks out

I insofar as Church, am aware, It of things. notions preconceivedtheologian, Fernand Prat, S. J., our

official has never published an exis that Catholics quite natural andagrees:

planation of the verse, though it Protestants should miss the obvious has commonly pointed to it as evimeaning of John's words. They It is an undeniable fact that the Christians of the apostolic age believed that they dence of the great6 apostasy in early have assumed that the early

were approaching the end of the world, Christian times. Christian Church went on its way

St. to justify himself Peter obligedand saw

*The Theologythe Christ. long of delay (II Peter I. 3:9.) dard), 75. The ofNewmanSaint PaulBookshop,(tr. JohnWestminster,L. Stodrelativelysure, the uninterrupted.Protestant conceptTo beof error, in desire part to hope, due Md.Their and

was also connected with the universal con- "SeeBIdem.its use in Ready References under the capauthority differs much from that of

viction of the Jews of that time, with a tion, "Apostasy from the Way of the Lord"(Continued on page 744)

SEPTEMBER 1950 711 Brothers &> ch GIRL Dm f\o6annak C Jrirutne

Claudia, the newlyengaged girl as she replied, "But I don't Jimmy gave his brother a push teacher of Spanish for summer know you, Mr. Wright."and jumped into the car after

school, was a late arrival in the "Sure you do. We were just Claudia.

little village of Hampton. As she introduced. Don't you remember? "Claudia,"he said casually, "this

walked down the main street on You even remember my name. Now is my brother Ben. I'm sure you

her first day, she was conscious please don't be a prim, oldfash- don't want to know him. You'll

of the curious glances of the people, ioned school marm and turn me see him around, of course, but I among them two young men who down. My brother Ben and I were hope you won't let him get too

gazed at her with open admiration. going to your Aunt Annie Glenn's friendly."

Finally, the younger one gave a low to call on you right soon. Ben'll be This incident didn't deceive

whistle. Claudia, in spite of hersore at me for getting ahead of him. Claudia regarding the deep affecself, smiled. Instantly the whistler You see we know a lot about you. tion of the brothers for each other.

was at her side, dropping into step Even your age. You're a month Mrs. Glenn was sitting on the

with her. and five days older than I am, but porch sewing when the young peo-

"You're Claudia Wood, the new that won't make any difference. ple stopped at her gate. Jimmy

teacher at summer school,''he said. Ben's three years older. He's jumped out and ran down to meet

"I'm James to my twentysix, and he's principal of her as she walked down the path. Wright—Jimmyfriends. I'd like to show you the the junior high. Your Aunt An- "How are you, Aunt Annie?"

town. There aren't any wonderful nie's proud of you. She's talked And with that unexpected greeting,

sights, but riding is nice."of you constantly since she knew he surprised her more completely

There was surprise, pique, and you were coming here for the sumby giving her a vigorous kiss.

some amusement in the face of the mer. Now that we're good friends, "Well, I'm not accustomed to behow about a spin in my old crate?"ing kissed by young men,"she

Although this brief and breezy said with mock indignation. "And

acquaintance was contrary to all since when did I become Aunt Anthe standards by which Claudia had nie to you?"

been reared, it was hard to resist "Since I met your sweet niece a the invitation. A charm and vifew minutes ago."

vaciousness about this goodlooking "Claudia, how did you come to youth fascinated the young schoolmeet this fresh young man?"

teacher. "I'd like to ride, but we'll have "It was a pickup, Auntie,"to let Auntie know where I am,"Claudia answered laughing. It was

evident to the girl that her aunt and she added mentally, "I hope, was not annoyed. I hope, I hope she won't disapprove.""Well, I must say I don't underThe old crate turned out to be stand this modern generation. And

a red roadster, shiny and new. As you of all girls, Claudia. But if you

Jimmy opened the door to help had to resort to such methods, you yClaudia in, the handsome young couldn't have picked up a nicer m*i whom she had seen with him boy than Jimmy Wright, unless it stepped up and taking Jimmy by might have been his brother Ben."

the arm, swung him around, saying "Now, Aunt Annie, don't you gruffly, "What do you mean, kid, put such an idea in this girl's head.

by stealing a march on me?"You know perfectly well that my

brother isn't in my class for good looks, money, education, and charm.

Is he, Claud?"

Two young men were gazing at her with open admiration. "Not for bravado, at least,"

Claudia answered smiling. "Auntie,

we came to see if it will be all right to give them a little talk. I thought

for me to go for a ride with Jimmy."perhaps you might like to go with

"Huh! You seem to have deme. There'll be plenty of girls and

cided that without my consent. But women there besides the boys and

be sure to be back here for dinner their fathers. It's a delightful ride,

at seven. And you can bring this and there's a full moon, and I'd like

fresh youngster along with you if to have you go."

you like. And bring Ben, too,"she It was the longest speech she had

called after them as Jimmy started ever heard Ben make. "Of course,

the car. Ben, I'd love to go with you,"and

"Like fun we will—not!"Jimmy she made a mental note of the date.

shouted back at her as they drove Ben seemed to have nothing more away. to say. They sat in silent enjoyFor weeks the brothers vied with ment of the quiet night, the gentle

each other in paying the girl atmurmur of the wind through the tentions. Between the friendly trees, and the soft music from the

rivalry of the two she had no open ballroom.

dates for anyone else. She seemed "Hi, there, you two,"the voice

not to mind this cooperative freeze of Jimmy broke in on them, "what out. And her aunt was enjoying it. do you mean, Ben, taking our girl

She frequently invited the boys to out of circulation? Greedy, I calls

dinner or lunch, doing all she could it, and unfair."And without more

to advance their cause. She was ado, he took the girl from his

quite impartial in her efforts. She brother and swung into the rhythm

was a romantic old matchmaker, of a waltz.

Hampton was a gay little place. Claudia liked being with Ben. scious. Then Jimmy spoke abruptly,

The people were all friendly. But quite suddenly and unexpected- "Claudia, how would you like to

Claudia soon had a host of friends. ly she knew that she was in love live in New York?"The question

Besides the school, where she met with Jimmy, gay, fascinating Jimmy. and its implication fitted so aptly

old and young, there were church She was glad that he kept close to into her thoughts that she was activities, in which she joined enher the rest of the evening, warding startled and couldn't answer. "Or

thusiastically; there were picnics, off everyone who made any attempt San Francisco? or Chicago? or Deswimming parties, dances. Her days to cut in. troit? Any large city."Jimmy conduring school hours were occupied She had gone to the party with tinued. "I'm a fullfledged lawyer

with teaching and correcting the brothers. Ben had had the first now with a monthold framed cerpapers. Her late afternoons and dance, and the last was for Jimmy. tificate, and nary a client. Having

evenings were free, and this prim She was glad of that. It was the a desk in Judge Manners'office

little school marm was having the first time she had ever been in love. isn't any good. I want to start

time of her life. She was going to begrudge the out in real earnest where there is

One night at the country club, time spent with anyone else. As if a future."

Claudia was dancing with Jerry in response to that feeling, when "Why do you ask me?"Claudia

Bowers. He was the best partner the dance was over, Jimmy climbed managed to say at last.

she had ever had, next to Jimmy. behind the wheel. It was two miles "You mighty well know why I

"We dance well together, don't out of the way to the Wright home, asked you, Claudia."

we, Claudia? We could have lots but that's the way they went. Jimmy drew the car to the side

of good times if you wouldn't let "Here's where you get off, Ben, of the road and stopped. Swiftly

the Wright boys monopolize you,"Jimmy remarked stopping the car he leaned over and kissed her. The

he said. "Why don't you give in front of their house. "Claud and embrace was impetuous, but sweet

them the air, and the rest of us a I are going for a little ride. And and tender. Then as abruptly he

break?"we're going alone."turned away and started the car.

Before she had a chance to reply, Ben complied none too willingly. "I'm sorry I did that, Claudia.

Ben cut in, and Jerry reluctantly let "All right, Jim,"he said. "But Please forget it."

her go. Ben knew he couldn't comno monkey business. Remember our But Claudia, feeling the sweetpete with either Jerry or his brother agreement. Good night, Claudia. ness of first love, didn't want to

as a dancing partner. "Let's go Don't forget Tuesday night."forget it. She understood the reaoutside and get a breath of fresh "What about Tuesday?"Jimmy son for the boy's queer action—the

air,"he said guiding her to an open asked as they drove along the highagreement of which Ben had door. Claudia smiled. A fresh way. spoken. Although they had never

canyon breeze was blowing merrily "I promised to go with Ben to a expressed their feelings in words, through the dance hall. They meeting at the Boys'Camp. He she knew that both boys were in

walked hand in hand until they has to speak."love with her. She didn't know the

reached a secluded corner of the "That's all right. Let's go to details of their compact, but she

veranda. the lake on Monday. Okay?"was sure from what Ben had said,

"Claudia,"he began after a few "Okay. That'll be fine."that they had agreed that Ben, beminutes'silence, "I have to go out There was a long and deep siing the older, should have the first

to the Boys'Camp next Tuesday lence of which neither was con- (Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1950 713 TWO BROTHERS AND A GIRL (Continued from preceding page) that he had been notified in the with all my heart that you lose out,"chance to speak. She feared that morning that the meeting had been Jimmy said under his breath. He

Jimmy had seen the love in her changed to Monday. tried to whistle, but his lips refused

eyes at the dance, and that had "I sent a note to you at school, to respond. They drooped in sulprecipitated his breaking his pledge. Claudia, the minute I got the word."len lines as he watched his brother

It was all very well for the brothers He didn't even suggest that she and the girl they both loved disapto have a contract, but she was give up her date with Jimmy, but pear in the distance.

equally interested. She should have she knew by the look in his eyes "I'm sorry you didn't get my note,

a voice in the matter. She defihow disappointed he would be if Claudia,"Ben said as they drove

nitely had something to say, but she didn't go with him. along. "It was nice of you and

she couldn't say it. "Is it all right with you, Jimmy, Jimmy to change dates with me."

Neither spoke again until he if we reverse our dates?""That's all right, Ben. I'm glad

helped her out of the car. Then he "Sure, if that's the way you to go to the meeting with you."

said quietly, "Good night, Claudia. want it."The boy was still sullen. The words were brave, but in her

I'll see you Monday. I hope you "All right then, Ben, I'll go with mind was the thought, "He'll never

had a good time tonight."you."And hiding her own feelknow what this wonderful evening

"I did, Jimmy. Oh, I did!"She ings with a cheerful smile, she would have meant to us."She

broke away from him and ran up started for the other car. Jimmy felt sorry for Ben, good, dependthe path to the house. Her eyes was at her side in a second. Taking able Ben, who thought more of

were full of tears. Jimmy watched hold of her arm, he said meaningly. getting his Ph.D. than of learning

her until the door opened on the "Look here, my girl, Don't you to dance. She wondered how Jimlighted hall, then he jumped into ever stand me up again. See?"my was spending the evening. She

the car and was gone in a flash. admired him for admitting that the

JESTER new car belonged to Ben. She

|\Ars. Glenn was putting up a By Pauline Havard hadn't even suspected that. She

dainty box of lunch when '"Phe wind's a jester with a playful turn loved him for keeping his promise

Claudia came in from school Mon- * Of mind, and in the night with cap to his brother.

day afternoon. "Here's a nice lunch and bells

talk andfor you and Jimmy, Claudia dear. TheirHe snuffssilverthewicks.stars Without, evenimpish,as theysmallboyburn TThe camp was gay with

And I pressed your blue dress."yells laughter. Ben and Claudia were

"Thank you, Auntie. You're a He holds a scarf of cloud across the round cordially greeted, and the program

at once. Claudia wasprecious darling."Giving her aunt LampAnd then,of theacrossmoon,thetillsablecoloredall the sky isground,black, began almost

a quick kiss, Claudia hurried to her He shakes a shower of raindrops from his impressed with the simplicity of room to dress for her engagement, sack. the proceedings. After the usual

which she hoped would turn out Morning, the princess, puts him in his opening exercises, the master of to be really that. She was happy. place; ceremonies called Ben to the rosis goingShe was sure that Jimmy would StretchesHangs upherthecobwebrainbowsgolden censer ofon thethe sun;lace trum, saying, "Ben Wright

persuade Ben to let him go on with Of tattered trees, and then, her duties done, to. talk to us, and he needs no introhis interrupted lovemaking, perRests, while the jester, only halfcontrite. duction."As Ben rose from her

haps telling him that Claudia rePlots greater mischief for the coming night. side, he gave Claudia's hand a little

turned his love. At any rate, she squeeze. She returned the pressure

felt that she had a right to break "I won't Jimmy, I promise you."with both her hands, and her eyes,

down his ethical defense if it was Her eyes betrayed the thought her looking into his, gave him the sinecessary, by letting him know that lips dared not speak. Jimmy's good lent assurance of her faith in him.

Ben didn't have a chance. humor was restored instantly. As Ben stepped to the front of the

Jimmy was on time. As she "Come on, fella,"he said, "climb platform, Claudia was astonished at

settled in the seat, waving goodbye in your own car, and I'll take the the immediate silence that fell on to her aunt, Ben drove up in the old family bus. This new one that the lively company. The large

old car. "Hi, there,"he called, I've been sporting is really his, group of boys sitting directly in

"what does this mean? Claudia, Claud. I've been putting on airs, front of him became instantly and

didn't you get my note?"making out it was mine to impress completely attentive. Even nature

"What note? No, I didn't get you."seemed to still the normal woodland

any note. Stop, Jimmy; we must Ben smiled fondly at his brother sounds to give impressiveness and

get this straightened out."as he gave him a pat on the back. meaning to the young man's words.

'You're my date tonight,"JimAt the exchange of good feeling Ben spoke quietly, but his voice my grumbled. Claudia felt that the affection of carried to the outer edges of the

For the first time Claudia felt the brothers which for a moment group. He talked freely and withantagonism between the brothers. had seemed disrupted, was reout notes. His subject had not been

She wanted more than anything to established. announced, but it might readily

be with Jimmy, but in fairness to "Thanks, Jimmy."Then as they have been captioned, "Men of ToBen she must give him a chance drove away in the red car, Ben morrow."He spoke on many

to explain his change of plans. called, "Thanks a lot. You don't phases of life, all having a bearing

Jimmy stopped the car and Ben know what this means to me."on character building. His talk

came over to them. He told them "You bet I know. And I hope {Continued on page 733)

714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <4ee4e L Cj>

WHERE PRAYER AND A HARVEST OF WORLD years. The book is fascinating readPURPOSE MEET FOLK TALES ing, revealing old facts and new curistory, C. T. U. E. Helen (The W. (Edited Milton by Rugoff. Viking written so beautifully that osities—and

Tyler. Signal Press, The Evanston, Press, Illustrated. York. 1949. it is almost New sheer poetry. colThe

Illinois. 1949. 311 with pages 33 illus734 pages. $3.95.) is laboration delightful, in that the

trations. $2.00.) "To home library can be considered interests of one supplement those of

'"Phe Women's Christian Temperance adequate without this kind of the other. Noel's interest in astronomy

Union last year celebrated its book in it, and this book is one of the dovetails into his father's captivation diamond jubilee. This is the memorial best, if not the best of this kind, on with the creatures of nature as well as

volume. the market today. It includes legends the factors in nature. M. C. J.

The heroic work of this famous from the African, American Indian, organization since 1874 has lifted high Chinese, Egyptian, English, Finnish, the dignity of battle woman. beThe Irish, TWELVE PLAYLETS Indian, Greek, French, German,

tween decent living and the dragon of Italian, Jewish, Latin American, ScanABOUT THE APOSTLES (Beulah Squires. The Standard Pubdrink often has serious. fight been dinavian, lore. The treasure and Spanish

lishing Company, Cincinnati, Ohio. still is going on, but of the because rapidly In a world more compact,

1949. 80 pages. 75 cents.) C. evil T. U., the it of intemperance W. is imperative that people know one

are suitable for prois not so openly in evidence. The another. Probably no more certain These playlets

story of the movement is well told in way of knowing and understanding duction by and for young people this volume, which points out that the the mental concepts of other races and will familiarize them with the success of the movement lay in its and peoples can be found than that atmosphere of Acts even though the organization, made more active by which lies in the folklore of a people. plays are fictional. The known charenthusiastic leaders. The book is This book should find itself in every acteristics of the famous Apostles are

into the plays, really and the a thrilling possichapter in the building be read by old and young woven home—to ble qualities of the lesser of civilization. ones are American Drink drags C. /. alike,—M.

men down towards filth; temperance suggested always with the inspiration

that will lifts encourage people young to regions towards men of righteous, REMEMBERED APRILS emulate the ideals taught living. cultured by Christ and the Thank Lord for (Grace Sayre. Cecil L. Anderson, emulated his Apostles. by the }. Christian Women's M. C. Temperance Printers, Sunland, California. IllusUnion, and the great women who trated. 1949. 87 pages. $2.00.)

it founded it. toiled and for J.A.W. of the will "D eaders Era be to happy YOUR TO DO ACHES—WHAT

that know of the some of poetry ABOUT THEM THE OF ART REAL HAPPINESS Grace Sayre has been collected (Dorothy into Nye. Funk Wagnalls & (Norman Vincent Peale, D.D., and this beautifully Company, 1949. York. printed '178 illustrated and New Smiley Blanton, Prentice M.D. Hall, pages. $2.50.) that can gift for be used a

Inc., York. 247 New pages. 1950. is time, the this author, well "VTow says as satisfying a to book bookbook—as $2.75.)

is at she read and night in time means any to order beautihave a

The problems of the unhappy are ful thought on which to sleep. Mrs. time to learn to eliminate physicalthe

here treated frankly. A search is Sayre has real poetic talent with the aches and pains which are built up

through for tired overuse of causes. made abuse and The conclusions ability to conjure a up picture or evoke muscles. are waitress Whether a you are generally sound. The powerful a stirring response through deft her feet, with aching pencil a pusher with spiritual is element recognized. The use of words. writer's cramp, or gardener with a reader be must on guard against the It is likewise interesting to know this in back, aching written an book views of psychiatry which are often that her philosophy carries into style her popular of presents explanations

used. The book better makes life. readown offers aching simple muscle and Over two years ago Mrs every ing than of most the mass of books to exercise routines muscle improve Sayre suffered a stroke that paralyzed

on the subject. J.A.W. her right side. She has diligently control.

learned to write with her left hand, "You, my fine friend, are a marvel,"

MISSIONARY JOURNAL and still writes inspirational poetry says the author to the busy housewife.

(Hiller Book Bindery, Salt Lake City. which finds a responsive market. "You stand and sit, you walk and

stoop, run, stretch and sometimes $4.00.) you C. J.—M. pull, reach, and push you bend and you THis is an attractively bound and

lift carry. ache."you and you And conveniently prepared journal A CUP OF SKY instructions series of follow a Then consisting largely of high quality, (Donald Culross Peattie and Noel all turning a from chores on home

lined, blank paper, flexibly Peattie. arranged Mifflin Houghton sink, deat the to Company, mattress working

for the missionary to record events Boston. 1950. 242 pages. $2.50.) signed to make the housewife's job less

and activities and impressions. It al- r\ uite apart from the real wonder of tedious and thus relieve her mental

so includes diagrams for genealogical ** discovering nature that is found and physical fatigue, for mental posdata, pages for ordinances performed, in this book is the delight that comes ture is related to physical posture, the states, not to us cautions book andpages for important dates events, and from that knowing Peattie's Mr. son,

hide in the minds. "Can't aches ourfor arrival and departure, and other seventeen the when book was writthe they better you use space of makeactivities. It promises to be ten, widely has found beauty corresponding It is the an occupy?"suggests. authorused by missionaries for their personal to the his beauty father in discovered excellent text to better use us teach

record book. R.L.E. nature and has written about for many our physical faculties.—B. S. of

SEPTEMBER 1950 715 Can Be Beautiful

LIFE IS ETERNAL $$tTes, great art is fundamental Dm (L*lten Ljtreer |[ and should be beautiful,"-*- says Avard Fairbanks, Dean of the College of Fine Arts of the

University of Utah.

"America needs important art programs as major fields of study ture(Thereproducedpieces ofon sculpthese from the elementary grades to the pagesmany famousare amongworks theof universities. There is also a necesart by Avard Fairbanks.)

sity for a greater recognition of the creative artist as an integral part of our economic life. Scholarships and

fellowships should be abundant, to to a statue be ntemplating "In 1 possible in creative art degreesmake said Dr. at the? school,"placed particular manifestingto those Fairbanks, "rthought of the young "The Dr. Fairbanks, statesability,"

repeople vjp would be viewing it and of art, like productscreative search in science, belong to all the impression it would make on their lives. I wanted to present

humanity."stalwart and as a youth, Lincoln responsigreat artist owes a The forests the and clearing capable, to his combility to the world and splitting fence rails. I depicted himmunity because he can help advance

as a worker performing manual its civilization.

"Genius, as applied to art, is the tasks which made him physically result of long, hard preparation. DR. AVARD FAIRBANKS capable to accomplish later objecMastery of art is not acquired at a tives regardless of their physical or

Fairdifficulty."Dr. mental And "Sculpsays. notice,"hemoment's painstaking work year's of a product conreflected, banks we "When is arts, a the of ture, as with any life garb the and into research of and complexities sider modern the

is the sculpture life work. Good his lending Lincoln, in the of if to young endure civilization, are we of process of long a culmination of to the hewing heart to and crisis, return brawn of must times we rearadjustment, and development, of a young movement his. the westward Lincoln's as such fundamentals

is stand to until art able rangement in the ability great came forwardon its own and survive criticism. nation. Dr. Fairbanks was commissioned the crisis, and time of a national

Dr. Fairbanks'work shows not by the estate of Katherine Burke, a

only high creative inspiration, but teacher at the Ewa Plantation also definite basic training, knowlSchool who left funds for a "Linself-discipline, of anatomy, edge Memorial."coln impressive all the Of of work. hard years and Lincoln as a artist depicted The things seen on I have the is one of his Flag""Raising typifyfrontiersman, young rugged trip west, the most recent sculptures. It is hoped it ing the spirit of America. "Many my

... the will be erected where the original statues have been made of Lincoln, wonderful one is

act occurred, at Iwo Jima, in heroic presenting him as a man who has studio of Avard Fairproportions, so that it will be visible made his attainments in life, but banks.

far out to sea. few have shown him as a youthful Dr. Clarence C. Little

His "Lincoln, the Frontiersman,"frontiersman; yet we have always when president of the

completed in 1941, stands at the heard much about his life in the University of Michigan

Ewa Plantation School in the early development of our American

Hawaiian Islands. It was the westward expansion.

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fundamentals of life which he had experienced as a youth, fitted him to carry forward the destiny of the nation and unify a mighty people. He bore great responsibilities

through his adherence to simple and elementary principles, particularly those ideals which created and developed our democracy. His belief in charity for all mankind, his

lack of any racial animosity have made Mr. Lincoln a great figure

for all time."

As the schools in the Hawaiian

Islands contain many racial types, such a Lincoln memorial seemed fitting. It stands forth as a symbol

of racial appreciation, not just tolerance. As the statue of a youthful

worker, it will inspire courage in the youth of many nationalities. It presents to them the hope of a great

future for the civilization in which they live.

W. L. Mackenzie King, former

Prime Minister of Canada, is among the subjects Fairbanks has sculptured. When this bust was presented, the Hon. G. G. McGeer,

K.C.M.P., reiterated the signifiPIONEER MORMON CEMETERY / AM THE RESURRECTION AND THE LIFE

cance of Fairbanks'Lincoln when Americans to study art in Paris, he said, "My friendship with Dr. under great French masters of the

ABb fldHP * * Fairbanks arose through an incident nineteenth century. He returned to

in our common belief that Abraham the west after training, to build up spjjfH*'";*|B%f3i* Lincoln still lives as the greatest hu- a cultural influence where his fore-

* ** '., HI'manitarian statesman and the wisest bears had come at the time of the

if"SSbeSI political economist that modern early development of Utah's natural liberalism has yet produced."resources in 1847, over a century

The medal "Courage"which ago. Avard Fairbanks'brother, J.

Dr. Fairbanks designed, was preLeo Fairbanks, was professor of

sented to Prime Minister Winston art and architecture at the Oregon

Churchill by Prime Minister MacState College before his death.

kenzie King at the time of a conInto this creative family Avard ference of the Commonwealth of was born in 1897. His ability was

- 3 Nations of Great Britain. apparent at an early age. His

As with his art, so with his life father took him to New York when

Kl Avard Fairbanks'art is a working he was twelve, where his sculpture

Christianity. It shows in the natural earned him a scholarship at the

Isk A"*'beauty of his sculptures. It shows New York Art Students'League to

Fraser. Earle under James in in cultured the atmosphere which study I exhibited at the His work was Narearing his wife he and Jk Maude are VXi3k'B*ft

their sons. It shows in the way tional Academy of design, when

'*s he handles relationships with others. Avard was fourteen. When he wasiMMBM sixteen, he went to Paris to study

I"ike himself, his father and one of at the Ecole des Beaux Arts with his brothers were excellent Injalbert, then to the Academie artists. His father, J. B. Fairbanks, Colarossie and the Ecole de las

was one of the pioneers of western Grande Chaumiers and the Ecole

NEW FRONTIERS art. He was among the early {Continued on following page)

SEPTEMBER 1950 717 GREAT ART CAN BE BEAUTIFUL (Continued from preceding page) ing this he made a bronze stallion, est, an eighth grader in junior high,

Moderne. His sculptures were exwhich also added generously to the specializes in the flute and piano,

hibited in the Grand Salon. family bank account. Thus he kept and amazingly enough paleonWhen asked concerning his marthe Fairbanks boys in milk for a tology, on which he can lecture at

riage to Maude Fox in 1918 he long stretch, yet little did Maude length. Of the eight boys, four

insists, with a chuckle, "I met her Fairbanks expect his creative efforts show definite interest in art, though one day, and we were married the to turn into a sedan. all have tried their hands at it. It

next."And when plied for clarity, He met some of the automobile is fascinating to observe each of

he goes on to say that he had known corporation officials, learned they these boys as it is to observe each her in the States and that he met needed a radiator cap, which Avard of the works of Avard Fairbanks her by arrangement at the pier in designed. Within a week, it was himself. They are an inspiring

Honolulu when she had come to completed, delivered, and accepted. family, indeed.

join him. And that is how Maude came to Avard, the sculptorfather, might

In 1920, he was appointed assistsit beside Avard in the Fairbanks'well have been the model for one ant professor at the University of fine car! of his stalwart pioneers. He is well

Oregon. When Dr. Clarence C. built, straight, and ruggedlooking

Little, then president of the UniverThrough the years, the size of His clear, visionary eyes and his sity of Michigan, visited Oregon in his family has grown with Avard wavy, slightly graying hair add 1926 for the inauguration of the Fairbanks'success. Now he and dignity to his youthful features.

new University of Oregon president Mrs. Fairbanks have eight children.

and also to give a talk on his reAvard, Jr., is employed by the North Dr. Fairbanks earned his Bachesearch in the field of cancer, he American Aviation Company, enlor of Fine Arts Degree at Yale; a

paid a visit to the studio of Avard gaged in rocket missile research. Master of Fine Arts Degree at the

Fairbanks. What he saw there, Dr. Eugene Fox Fairbanks is a University of Washington; a

he praised highly. Brother Fairpractising physician at Pasco, Master's Degree in anatomy at the

banks returned his interest by going Washington, where he resides with University of Michigan where he to hear Dr. Little's talk. his wife and three children. Elliott, also earned his doctor's degree, a

When Dr. Little got up to speak, an army veteran, filled a mission to Ph. D. in anatomy! He worked

he started out by saying, "Of all New Zealand, where he acted as for both his master's and doctor's the impressive things I have seen second counselor to President degrees in the medical school studyon my trip west, the most wonderful Gordon Young, under whose direcing as intently as the medical stuis here on the campus of the Unition he supervised the building of a dents beside him. His use of these

versity of Oregon in the studio of Maoricarved church. Justin, a navy studies in anatomy is evidenced in

Avard Fairbanks. That is what we veteran, is on a mission, situated at his modeling of human and animal

want at Michigan."the present time in Liege, Belgium. forms.

his to explains Dr. Fairbanks Virgil, a junior at the University of they that is what And got. When

that the artist study students must a scholarship, Utah on is enrolledthe family Fairbanks returned from

Italy two years later (where Avard in the medical school. Jonathon, a life and capture its rhythm in the

the as well as flow of muscles, of graduate East High School in thehad worked on Guggenheim if his of the individuals is City, Salt Lake interested in characterFellowship ), he appointed aswas sociate professor of sculpture and natural sciences, particularly zoolwork is to be dynamic rather than resident artist in the division of ogy. He shows a marked ability in static. The correlation of anatomy

is mechanical, than to design more life. illustrating bird David, a ninthFine Arts. of a hundred A grant

is important. likewise idealism for grader is at Roosevelt High, Junior dollarsthousand the from Carnegie

the It is that physical the through a of devotee music, specializing in divitheFoundation launched new interlatter finds expression. violin. piano An and the Grant youngsion. In 1929, Avard Fairbanks

is correlation between esting found moved into old University Hall at architecture and human anatomy.

Arbor. LaterAnn he expanded his Tissues grow in the same patterns

into itsstudio amphitheatre.

Early in his residence at MichGOLDEN WEDDING thattural haveand beenengineeringapplied design.in architecigan, Avard Fairbanks one day By Hortense Spencer Andersen

showed his wife an advertisement '"Phey sit near the door in the twilight, VKTherever the Fairbanks have for a beautiful automobile. Said * These two, who though old still are lived, they have been active in

young;he, "I think I'll have one of those."

He holds her small hand, as the skylight the Church program. In Eugene,

She smiled indulgently. The condiTurns gray, and night's pearls are unOregon, they together assisted in

tion of the exchequer at the moment strung. organizing the branch which today

flitted across her mind. And as it Between them a current of trusting has a flourishing membership of

took careful planning to feed their Flows forward, it seems, in a stream six hundred. In Ann Arbor they

constant Fused and strong by to sons, little did she expectmany Sister Brother adjusting with and John glare of their crucible's The gleam. in that car.ride beside Avard of and the family Klaphoak, George

But there was the time he had There dwells in their eyes a deep glory Hattie Bell Ross, Brother and Sister made a dairy owner a bronze bull RemainsAs thoughtotheembodyold goldtheirof theirstory years Loveless, the Eardleys, the Shurtfor which he was well paid. FollowOf triumph, as evening appears. (Conctuded on page 742)

718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SOUTHERN PACIFIC PROUDLY PRESENTS

m.Msm

W33

NEW

SUNSET LIMITED

LOS ANGELESNEW ORLEANS * 42 HOURS SAN FRANCISCOPORTLAND* 16/2 HOURS

Here is America's newest, finest, most Now, for the first time in history, San beautiful transcontinental streamliner. Francisco and Portland are just overnight

Daily 42 -hour service Los AngelesNew apart by luxury streamliner. The new

Orleans. Moderate extra fare. Cascade leaves San Francisco 5 p.m.,

Choice of luxurious allroom Pullman arrives in Portland at 9:30 a.m. Through

accommodations (private, enclosed washPullman arrives Seattle 2:00 p.m. P.S.T.

rooms in bedrooms) or extracomfortable The beautiful new Cascade's Pullmans new "Sleepy Hollow"Chair Car seats with feature private enclosed washrooms leg rests and extra leg room. throughout. The unique Cascade Club proThe new Sunset Limited is all new. From vides two unbroken carlengths of dining

its "magic stop"brakes to its "featherand club room, where you'll enjoy famous touch"doors every feature will delight Southern Pacific food, hospitality, comyou. Built by Budd, to Southern Pacific's fort and fun.

own specifications, this great streamliner For complete information about these is $15,000,000 worth of luxury on wheels. two great streamliners, call at any S. P.

Plan to ride it on your next trip east ticket office, or mail coupon below.

and you'll see for yourself why it is called "The Streamlined Train with the

Southern Accent."

MR. F. Q. TREDWAY, Southern Pacific,

65 Market Street, San Francisco 5, Calif.

Please send me, free, your fullcolor, 24page book, "The New Sunset

V y - Limited"and 12page picture folder, "The New Cascade."

NAME.

ADDRESS.

The friendly Southern Pacific CITY.ZONE..STATE.

SEPTEMBER 1950 719 TODAY'S

5un Jfiephemr -EDITOR.

In Your

WARDROBE

product ica of carbon (from went into industrial 1938. A uses—paracoal), oxygen and nitrogen chutes, glider (from tow ropes, aircraft

air), hydrogen (from water), and tires, and other wartime essentials.

the chemist's skill, it was introAfter the war its uses were exduced to the public in women's panded, and it has found a ready hosiery and rapidly became a namarket in hosiery, gloves, undertional favorite. Durable, elastic, wear, men's shirts, socks, and ties,

t's here to stay! Nylon—the new lightweight, and quickdrying, it and some women's dress goods and

glamor girl in synthetic fabrics revolutionized the hosiery world blouses.

being developed it I is for wider even though the had hygienic Nurses and other uniformed in clothinguse faband household disadvantage of being almost nonworkers acclaim nylon uniforms berics. absorbent. Then, for several years, cause they not do wrinkle greatly,

Nylon first made its debut in nearly all nylon produced in Amer- (Continued on page 725)

BLUEPRINT FOR icdj

Popularity Report Card

ARElikeyouto thehavelikeablefor a friend?person If,you'dfor

a few moments, you weren't yourself but someone else looking on, how popular would you be with you? How would you rate yourself

on appearance, attitudes, enthusiasm, ideals?

To be popular is to be approved others. of approve by Others you Enthusiasm—ideals—things they like the you think and appearance—attitudes if—these are a part of say and do. No girl or boy need popularity.

accept unpopularity with the 'idea that, "I can't help being the way I—Photograph bg Louise Price Bell am. My personality is already

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

formed and I'll never change."Such

an attitude shirks responsibility and closes its eyes to opportunity. For

everyone, both young and old, grows by changing. And as you

grow, it is good to check up oncein awhile to see if you're on the ''-'-itti right track. How do you rate, for

instance, with the following? Can

these perone hundredyou make used always We've part questions,cent "yes"or must w familyin my FelsNapthaof the always answers be "no"or I hes. it was way like the"sometimes"? We

Do you take pride in your personal appearance? [

Do you speak correctly and enunciate clearly? [

Do you walk gracefully? Can you sit poised and quiet in Out of the mouths

a group for a time without talking?

[ Can] you talk interestingly about one subject? [ ] Do you listen considerately to of Brides

the opinions and ideas of others?

[ Are ] you tactful in speech? Do e/r-A/,

you refrain from "catty"remarks or gossip? [ ]

Can you laugh when the joke is on you? [ ]

Can you say you are sorry, sincerely and unselfconsciously, when you are wrong? [ Are you interested in the needs jtfrtSKK*-

of others? Do you go out of your

way to be kind to them?

Are you generous in giving others credit for what they do? [ Nothing washes clothes

Are you courteous at home as as clean as soap—

well as in company? [ FelsNaptha, that is.

Are you a thorough, efficient worker, one who can be depended upon to do what you say you will do? [ ] Can you take personal criticism? I like the clean smell of

[ ] FelsNaptha Soap Chips Do you make sure of the facts concerning a person or his actions before stating a conclusion? [

Do you tolerate the faults of Fels-N*Ptha [ well as asothers your own? r.ntle

stay hands temper your keep when you Can my is help* lovelythe other personyou know so ft and [ ]wrong?

Do you feel yourself the equal but not the superior of your associates? [ ]

Do you take advantage of opportunities to develop and display IMPROVED [ qualities?your own good

Are you cooperative and enthusiastic in group activities? [

Are you generally cheerful and FelsNaptha Soap optimistic? [ ]

(Concluded on following page) also makers of FELSO, the new, White Instant Sudser

SEPTEMBER 1950 721

POPULARITY REPORT CARD

( Concluded from preceding vage carelessness and negative attitudes.

It isn't difficult to know which If the answers are largely "yes,"BALDWIN answers favor popularity, is it? it is a pretty fair indication that

ELECTRONIC OROANS "No"and "sometimes"answers your attitudes are wholesome, that must of necessity lower the popuyou like people, and therefore peolarity rating because they indicate ple will like you.

VARIETY WITH PEANUTS

Peanuts, peanut butter, and peaCook celery until tender in small nut oil are well worth a place amount of water. Drain liquid into a

in everyday menus. They are a cup and add enough milk to fill the

good source of B vitamins (especialcup. Combine peanut oil and flour

until milk mixture. add Cook ) and also supply other and THESE BALDWIN ly niacin stirring sauce is thickened, constantly.

salt celery. and Add from Remove DEALERS vitaminsply fatty andacidsminerals.necessaryTheyfor supskin heat. peanuts cheese and and Add

are ready to serve you health. They are good energy foods. stir until cheese is melted.

in your own vicinity. Peanuts and peanut butter rate high

Ask for a demonstration in protein quality and may be used Southern RicePeanut Casserole as an alternate for other protein * dishes. Raw nuts are better food 2 tablespoons green pepper, chopped

UTAH thanin oilthoseand salted.which have been cooked 344 tablespoonscup peanut oilflour

LOGAN 2 cups milk Cache Valley Music Co. PeanutStuffed Peppers 1 teaspoon salt

56 Federal Avenue 34 cup peanuts, chopped cup grated cheese 34 green peppers SALT LAKE CITY 6 2 tablespoons pimento, chopped fat or peanut oil 1 tablespoon PalmerWatkins-Clark rice cooked brown rice 3 cups uncooked cup 34 Music Company crumbs Cracker onion minced cup lA First South 60 East Parsley celery chopped cup Yi Hardcooked egg slices & NEVADA UTAH SOUTHERN salt teaspoons

J. W. McAllister l cup water

St. George, Utah 2 cups cooked or canned tomatoes Saute green pepper in peanut oil,

stirring constantly. Cook until thick- 1 withcup choppedjuice peanuts then blend in flour. Add milk gradually,

salt, peanuts, cheese, then add mixed with melted ened, IDAHO Breadcrumbs thoroughly. Pour Heat and pimento. fat

BOISE over hot cooked rice in oiled casserole.

Sprinkle cracker with and crumbs peppers of the and out stem ends Cut Co. Boise Music & Appliance

in with the oven. Garnish seeds. 5 brown out the take peppers 8th Street Steam 211 North

minutes in small amount of water. parsley and egg slices.

IDAHO FALLS Combine melted fat. rice, onion, celery,

George R. Larsen and salt in frying pan. Add water slowPeanut Quick Bread

Idaho Falls, Idaho ly as mixture begins to cook, then

POCATELLO cover and simmer for 10 minutes. Add 2 cups sifted wholegrain flour

teaspoons baking powder 10 2 simmer tomatoes and and juice Music Fawson Company 1 teaspoon salt rice longer, is almost or until Street minutes 138 North Main done. Add more liquid if needed. 34 cup brown sugar

REXBURG Stir in peanuts, stuff peppers with the 2 tablespoons fat

George R. Larsen mixture, and sprinkle with crumbs. 1J4 cups milk

35 College Avenue Place peppers in baking dish with a 1 e99 littlemoderatehot ovenwater,forcover,half anandhour.bake in 1 cup chopped peanuts

MONTANA Sift dry ingredients together. Work

Creamed Peanuts and Celery in fat. Beat egg with milk and stir into

BUTTE first mixture. Add chopped peanuts

Len Waters Music Company 2 cups celery, cut in pieces and blend. Pour into greased loaf tin

119 North Main Street 1 tablespoon flour and bake about 1 hour in moderate

BILLINGS % teaspoon salt oven (350 F.)

Lindamood Music Company 1 tablespoon peanut oil Peanutbanana bread—Mix J4 cup

224 North Broadway 34 cup chopped peanuts mashed banana pulp with the beaten 34 cup grated cheese egg and milk.

Milk (Continued on page 724) 722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The New Model 10 Baldwin Electronic Organ

SPECIFICATIONS

Stops i Great Swell Pedal MODEL 10 16'Double Dulciana 16'Lieblich 16'Open Diapason 16'8'String Diapason Open Diapason 8'8'Dulciana A TRIUMPH OF TRADITION Flute 8'Dulciana 16'Bourdon Stopped 8'8'16'Clarabella Bassoon. Contra Flute Rohr absolutely independent f Tonal Range—Thirtyone 8'8'8'Salicional Flute Gemshorn voices solo of In addition to a stops. full complement

4'8'4'Cello Orchestral Flute Octave enfor the stops twentyeight be used of these may 4'4'4'Salicet Choral Bass Octave Gemshorn buildup. semble

2'2'Fifteenth Flautino in couplers intermanual and 8'8'1 Couplers—Manual Clarinet Tromba

Manuals couplers from both and Swell... also 4'8'Oboe Great Tromba Clarion

* Chimes 8'French Horn to Pedal Section.

8'of each manexpression Vox Humana Independent y Expression—

Stopkey prepared for 8'.. controlled by Trompette be Section division Pedal ual may

optional use 4'Clarion expression. Exof or. or Swell, left independent Great

pression Pedals are compensated for constant timbre.

Couplers smooth and Pedal Crescendo—For V Register

4'Great to Great 16'and clarity. buildup Swell to Swell 8'Swell to Pedal gradual power of full tonal

4'Pedal 16'Swell to 4'Swell to Swell to Swell Great... at console V CombinationPistons—Adjustable 8'8'to Pedal Great to Swell Great "Generals"four and Swell three on Great, on 4'4'to Great Swell to Great control of for... also entire Pedal threefor Studs organ Toe

VIBRATOS... Light, Medium and Full general pistons.

playing by "blind"Indicators—Eliminate V Visual

Pedals and exact position of both Expression THE CONSOLE AND PEDALS OF THE MODEL 10 showing

BALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGAN CONFORM the Crescendo Pedal.

STRICTLY TO THE RECOMMENDED STANDARDS

OF THE AMERICAN GUILD OF ORGANISTS.

ACCESSORIES

3 Swell Combination Pistons Visual Indicators for Great Ex- 3 Great Combination Pistons pression, Swell Expressionand 4 General Combination Pistons Register Crescendo Pedals.

Expression Pedal (and Toe Studs) Switch BALDWIN Swell Color Variant Expression Pedal Tone

MainFull-Echo Switch Expression Great Pedal Light ELECTRONIC ORGANS Register Operating Pilot Crescendo Pedal

Organ OnOff Switch BALDWIN, ACROSONIC, HAMILTON AND HOWARD PIANOS

THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY, CINCINNATI, OHIO

SEPTEMBER 1950 723 Variety With Peanuts

{Continued from page 722)

PeanutCarrot-Orange Salad

2 cups coarsely grated carrots

cup raisins TABLE QUEEN Yi1 cup coarsely chopped peanuts

Salad dressing Lemon juice, if desired 3 oranges, cut in sections

Combine carrots, peanuts, and raisins with salad dressing and lemon juice. Arrange on lettuce with orange

sections as garnish.

Here's a loaf of extra value—

PeanutStuffed Prune Salad a premium bread in every way, thanks to skillful bak18 cooked prunes ing and the use of highest Yi1 teaspooncup cottagegratedcheeseorange rind quality ingredients only. 34 cup chopped peanuts

Next time, take Table Queen 34 teaspoon salt

Salad dressing—for bread at its delicious

best. Pit and chill prunes. Combine the

other ingredients together, moisten with salad dressing and stuff into prunes.

Serve on lettuce.

Filled Peanut Butter Cookies

Y cup shortening Y2 cup peanut butter % cup brown sugar 1 egg cup milk teaspoon vanilla teaspoons baking powder teaspoon salt cups sifted wholewheat flour filling improved elmor Raisin enriched Cream shortening, peanut butter, milk, egg, sugar. and and vanilla Add

well. wim mmms Sift ingredients and mix todry

gether and stir into the first mixture.

Jiff Chill Roll dough thin. Cut into

-";:.::'.::::...::-:::-:::;":::r'-:v---::::::->:# rounds with a cookie cutter; drop a

spoonful of filling in center of one round and cover with another. Press

edges together. Bake on ungreased

STOP SMOKING -Easily / cookie sheet in a hot oven (425F.)

NicoStop, new medical discovery, can help you 10 minutes.

stop the tobacco habit. Pleasant tasting. A

few drops on the tongue relieves craving AT starts clearing and the system of ONCE acSUBSCRIBE to Raisin Filling poisons. cumulated tobacco have Thousands

used it successfully. Accept no substitutes.

Priced at the cost of only a few weeks'smoking. ground raisins guarantee. cup Moneyback % available at your druggist's, write to cup sugar 34 If not and READ NICOSTOP Y cup water

NICOSTOP, BOX 193, SAINT HELENA, CALIF. 1 tablespoon lemon juice

Please send further information about NicoStop. 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind

The Improvement Era 34 cup finely chopped peanuts

Name

Address Combine all ingredients except peaCity..: State.. nuts and cook until thickened. Remove from heat and add peanuts.

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Apple Flapjacks 1% cups sifted wholewheat flour 2j/2 teaspoons baking powder 1 tablespoon sugar 3/ teaspoon salt V& 34 teaspoon cinnamon 2 eggs, separated 1 cup milk w 3 tablespoons peanut oil (other salad oil may be used) 1 cup finely grated apple <fcdk together. Sift Beat dry ingredients:

yolks, peanutegg add milk and oil. Hf%

Slowly add liquid to dry ingredients.

Beat until batter is smooth. Add grated

apple and fold in stiffly beaten egg whites. Drop by spoonfuls on hot

griddle. Cook on one side until puffed

and bubbly. Then turn and cook on

other side. Serve immediately.

Oatmeal Loafers

1 cup flour, sifted 72 brown sugar 2 teaspoons baking powder teaspoon salt cups oatmeal Vi% cupcup milkpeanuts, chopped

Vi cup peanut oil (or salad oil) 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 egg, beaten

Sift dry ingredients together, and add other ingredients all at once. Mix

well. Drop by spoonfuls on oiled

cookie sheet. Bake at 375 F. for

about 15 minutes.

Nylon In Your Wardrobe

(Continued from page 720) are easily laundered, do not shrink, At all and require little ironing. But most discriminating

are agreed that nylon seems too candy counters warm, that perspiration and discomfort, due to inhibited circulation GLADE CANDY COMPANY—SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

of air, are greater. Nylon is not

porous: it lacks "breathability."

Nylon gloves and hosiery are popular they because outwear those PROFITABLE DAYS fabrics other from rnd retainmade For BETTER AHEAD FORtheir shape well. ( Nylon is stronger

than silk and loses only fifteen perJAM&JELLYcent strength when wet, as comQUISH topared rayon which may lose up always uses GRADUATES sixtyto percent. Capitalize on QUISH

Nylon does not deteriorate with competenttraining now!beauticianYou'll whenbe a

proit; graduated. QUISHage; strong not soaps do harm.C.P. vides technical with you

it; it is attack notmoths do skill wholly knowledge gained and

in 25 FOR SEND Jamresistant to (Jelly ENROLLNOW features mildew. These FREE TODAY! years.CATALOG

make it admirable for use in home

OF SCHOOL PECTIN furnishings, although not it does

BERUTV331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN FOR YOUR MONEY is MORE qualities. Ithave good draping

[Continued on following page) SEPTEMBER 1950 m 725

Nylon In Your Wardrobe

(Continued from preceding page) it can GtMba/t&x popular in pleating because be pressed to shape with moist heat, and the pleats will stay. Designs

StarKist ANY BRAND which are embossed on nylon to give

Tuna AT ANY PRICE itarea permanentbrocaded orandpiquewillappearancenot wash off as they will in cottons and some

The milder flavor Compare it with any rayons.

of StarKist Tuna. brand you may choose Men like nylon neckties because

the ties are durable, hold their shape, wrinkle. But and do not THEN DECIDE

it in shirts about some complain

Prove it to your own satisfaction! because the shirts lose their fine,

StarKist Tuna is MILDER because MILDtailored look after being laundered.

NESS is a natural quality of the smaller tuna. The new synthetic has been

Only these smaller, MILDER, tuna are packed thought admirable for children's under the StarKist Tuna labels. clothing, but those who have purchased it for sewing have spent

anxious times trying to sew seams

Pack Tun. AND auy other bMd's"[.AppearthatSodothenotnewpucker.fabric has had its

disadvantages, but the chemists have gone to "bat"for their brain child. They have recently decided

to use a shortcrimp staple fiber instead of the long filament fibers for

1 B M L—-rgs GoodHouseLpInglB FANCY SOLID PACK or CHUNK STYLE, clothingfiber for fabrics.spinning,Beforethey havecuttingputthea yLvc.msjff Both are the same fine StarKist quality! crimp in it to give it a woollike

appearance and texture. This makes

air pockets in the woven fabric and thus gives it the porous quality it has lacked. The slipperiness in look

and feel is thus eliminated, and the fabric is easier to sew. Although this

new type of nylon is not in wide use yet, we can expect many nylon fabrics with the appearance of wool suiting, flat faille crepes, bedford cords, and serge.

Hosiery A new secret recipe brings back oldtime bread goodness. Tastes so much better Another innovation is the "nylon

breads. white ordinary than No wonder in hosiery. women's When in the twist"favorite Utahn's the 2-to-l vote it

fiber is made, it can nylon be recent Deseret News survey. Ask your

grocer to save you a loaf today stretched to any desired thickness and then, by heat and moisture, stabilized at that point. Manufacturers are now beginning to put a

.vSJ> twist in the fiber before making yarn

it, of stocking gives a of and this V5ct elasticity strength greater even and than before—one that will not

wrinkle or stretch out of shape.

p*z Jv The nylon strands or fibers are woven together to give the weight of yarn desired. Thus, the weight

''"ECilY JC** -"of the yarn determines the denier 0J 1f* of the hose: A fifteendenier is very

w* sheer and usually considered a (Continued on page 728) 726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SEPTEMBER 1950 727 &#6 end?*** (Continued from NYLONpage 726) IN YOURoneWARDROBEand onehalf inches of stocking.

fine yarn is used, more loops WESTERMLOCKERAP dressup stocking, while twenty or When is thirtydenier into can the hose be heavier than hose woven and MEATSn (n FROZEN is so, used, heavy the yarn for everyday tear. when wear and and $> suitable FISH, FOWL higher finei the Even fortydenier the hose number, are gauge available

AND GAME for very sturdy use. Gauge of a the texture and quality of the stock-

?fr stockingber of loopsis determinedof yarn wovenby theinto numeach ing. (Concluded on page 730)

& % v*V <J?V><jOr**'&Or*0<X**'&V&r*jOrX'&

m Western m

locke \J Jkui i5e Jrt Cuer

BY RICHARD L EVANS

The right wrap for your choice fowl, game! cuts of meat, to of national another remembrance day come \X7e have

is the LOCKERAPfish, WESTERN to this nation us remind meant to of what a day gives that paper wrap waxed perfect protection... seals in the those who offered their lives to bring it into being and to

natural color and flavorful juices remind us of what it now means to us, and to the rest of for mealtime so essential enthe world. It is a time when we have been sobered in our

in locks the fresh, joyment...

wonderful goodness of quickthinking, for we find that freedom is still forcibly chalfrozen meats. lenged in the earth, and there is no denying the seriousness

First choice of housewives of the situation. It is a time when every standard of value

in the plant operators and locker it subject to reexamination. is not a time But for is west, LOCKERAP WESTERN for determination, for despair, but or despondency and

is available at your grocer's or locker plant. Ask today for for something else besides: It is a time for prayer and

WESTERN LOCKERAP! for repentance, as well as for perseverance toward the

purposes of peace. It is a time when we must face the

fact that freedom isn't always easy. Freedom means

choice. Freedom means making decisions. It means

selfreliance, integrity, and individual effort. It means Stffir** accepting responsibility: and it often means sacrifice. Our

fathers knew all this when with God's help they fashioned for us the foundations of this great and good land. Mercifully the Lord answered the prayers of their extremity

and helped them to achieve the moral and material strength to do what has been done in the past. And only by the

help of the God of our fathers can we hope to solve the present. the pitfalls of the avoid problems and We shall

humility earnestly the prayerful that need is deserving of to help colorful guide FREE divine direction, rashly rushing in. not not shrinking from

protect prepare, and you clearcut duty, not preany principle, compromising any being quickfrozen foods. your serve

Write now to Western Waxed firm for freedom, with prayers for peace, with repentance

Portland, Co., North Paper consistent with our prayers, and with performance conYour copy will be Oregon.

mailed at once. sistent with our repentance. There is no strength or wisdom that cannot be ours, God granting it. But there are

no claims we have on him except as we pursue his ways.

Without divine direction, men, after all, are only men.

Paper nation a earnestly for pray divine direction, As we may Pfo/e cts for those decisions, must who make momentous and may we be deserving of the direction and sustaining power and peace which only God can give. "O thus be it ever when

free men shall stand.... Praise the pow'r that hath made

and preserved us a nation."

Jhe Spoken Word prom TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADWESTERN WAXED PAPER CO. CASTING SYSTEM. JULY 2. 1950

PORTLAND SAN LEANORO LOS ANGELES

728 THF IMPROVEMENT ERA.

To help keep planes safe—a "Peak Temperature To help save the West's water—an inexpensive

Indicator!'This device, attached to motors, tells irrigation ditch lining. It's made by coating

pilots instantly if any cylinder begins to heat paper or aluminum foil with asphalt and up dangerously. keeps water from being lost into the ground.

To help protect diesel locomotives—a special detector and alarm which warns engineers if water

leaks into the lubricating oil. Engines can be shut down quickly before expensive damage occurs.

Three new developments in Standard's laboratories

We picked these three developments to tell than $35,000,000 in the last ten years, but its you about because they will probably never results have been immeasurable...not only in

be manufactured by Standard of California. terms ofbetter products but in the creation of

Although we developed them, looking for new jobs and greater opportunity for our own ways to help some of our customers meet people and those in many other industries.

special problems, we expect to turn them over to other companies to produce. And

this illustrates a point..

Everything we discover that can possibly benefit you is brought to you in some way SMNDARD Oil COMPANY far... even us leads the development when OF outside our own field. And when we turn UF0||NU

up a practical way to improve a petroleum product, we make prompt use of it and, in many cases, make it available to other companies under license.

Research at Standard is a vital, progressive force. It has called for an investment ofmore

SEPTEMBER 1950 729 NYLON IN YOUR WARDROBE The dietician reports'(Concluded from page 728) be used. On sheer nylon fabrics,

stitching of oneabout rows two Techniques Sewing Clover Club to prewill help inch apart eighth requires a special sewing Nylon fraying, be used and vent may the are sewing Here Potato Chips technique. the to press desired it is not where easier: the job "musts"which make

ate as digestible 1. Use a #9 or #11 needle for seams open.

the sewing machine. 8. Seams cut exactly on the

as baked 2. Thread machine with nylon straight of the material will pucker

thread. Wind the bobbin evenly, more than those cut on the bias.

potatoes! making sure there is no pull on It may be well to remember this

thread as it feeds from spool to when choosing patterns.

bobbin. Laundering Care

3. Machine stitches should be

)m nine to twelve to the inch. Nylon articles require the same

$$%& <v i*** 4. Use loose tension. It is a good general laundering care as rayons.

idea before adjusting tensions to They should be washed in luketest the stitching with a few nylon warm water with a mild soap and r*CHi scraps. If the stitches are smooth rinsed without wringing or twisting.

and even, no adjusting is necessary. Since nylon fabrics may fade, it is

However, if tensions are adjusted, a good idea not to hang them in the tensions have sun for very long while drying. V the bobbin and top

to be adjusted equally. Ironing with a warm iron (about

5. Guide the fabric slowly 275 ) on the wrong side while the

J%* w ingthroughat eitherthe machine,end. avoiding pulllygarmentsatisfactory.is slightly dampSince isnylongeneralis

6. Cut nylon thread with scissors. naturally a white fiber, it will not

Don't break it off. be improved by bleaching processes

7. Since nylon fabrics tend to and should require none. Most

That's why most hospitals fray, be sure to take sufficient seam spots and stains may be removed and schools in the Intermountain allowance. Pinking can be used as by any ordinary cleaner, if it does

West include Clover Club Potato a seam finish for heavy nylons. For not remove dye from the fabric.

Chips on their menus. You can finer material a French seam less The cleaner may be tried on an ineat all you want. For they're not than onequarter inch in depth may conspicuous spot first.

only good, but good for you!

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Concluded from page 688) Highland View wards, dedicated by 1949 by twentytwo percent. In the Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council And N*M2JWf

of the Twelve. period, six 1066 books were month To keep 'em W- Gallup, hun5718 to the one library and added New Mexico, Branch transdred-foot rolls of microfilm records ferred from Western Mission to St.

were put on the shelves. Johns (Arizona) Stake, with Wayne

Clubs Clover president. Banks as H. SSeep,n. Branch, Stibnite Weiser (Oregon) 1 r The weekly network radio prodelicious flavor sealed

* * gram from Temple Square feaStake, organized with William A. Jenturing the Salt Lake Tabernacle choir sen as president.

( Oreand organ became "of age"—twentyWeiser River Branch, Weiser

one full years old. No special obgon) Stake, organized from portions

7 -Hodl Sc 'g[ servance of the event was planned. ofas Weiserpresident.Ward, with Carol A. Fuchs

c Ifl Rosecrest Ward chapel, East "The Fulness of Times"began on cgyiR Mill Creek (Salt Lake) Stake, the Church Sunday evening radio procurrently used by both Rosecrest and gram on KSL.

'"OMrocHms IN ITALY... THE SUNNY LAND

(Continued from page 709) Snow had met in England, joined administered to the child, and the three elders on September 18, |r Always Get Joseph Grey recovered. And in 1850, being sent there by the con-

N answer to the parents'questions. tributions of the London conference

CLOVER CLUB Elder Snow spoke simply in Italian: of the British Mission. The next

POTATO CHIPS "The God of heaven has done this day, Elders Snow, Toronto, Stenfor you."house, and Woodard ascended a

Jabez Woodard, whom Lorenzo (Continued on page 732) 730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ***iyy*Af ii ity.

DRIVE IN THEATRE SO 4 PER CAR

You're in for a real "double feature"when you testrun was 99.77% as good as for the first

OilPlate the engine of your car with new 5,000 miles.

Conoco Super Motor Oil: (1) newcar gasoline This means that—with proper crankcase

mileage... (2) newcar power and performance. drains and regular care—Conoco Super Motor

Proved by 50,000mile Road Test! In a Oil can keep newcar gasoline mileage... newpunishing 50,000mile road test, engines lubricar power and performance... year after year!

cated with Conoco Super Motor Oil showed Better see Your Mileage Merchant today!

amazing economy of operation. Average gasoline mileage for the last 5,000 miles of the

O CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

SEPTEMBER 1950

In Italy... The Sunny land

high mountain, which they called THERE'S NO HALFWAY (Continued from page 730) "Mount Brigham,"and the four QUALITY whoItaly, wereScotland,nativesand England,of America,organized themselves into the first

It in Italy. of the branch Church

since IN TUNA to the months day was eleven

Elders Snow and Toronto had bid their families in Great Salt Lake

City goodbye.

Elder Snow baptized the first Italian convert, Jean Antoine Box, on Sunday, October 27, 1850, at -tier favorite tuna dish was a failure... and that La Tour, in the valley of Luzerne,

Piedmont, Italy. This man had

ruined her party! She should have insisted on this tender, received his introduction to the gosdelicate "Bite Size"Tuna and her guests would have raved about pel message by attending a threehour discussion in which some of

her delicious luncheon. Next time, she'll he sure... she'll take the best ministers of the region had

Mother's advice and get "The attempted to best the elders in a! discussion of religious principles. brand that made tuna famous Elder Woodard was ordained a

LOOK FOR THE CAN WITH THE high priest on November 24, 1850,

GREEN LABEL...ALSO and was called by Elder Snow to

AVAILABLE IN SOLID the same time, in Italy. At 6V4 PACK ""St*WLT SOYBEAN!ADDED jNTENtt& AVOIR preside 4$0/ eaen\;—a ordained Elder Stenhouse was of Trademark

Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., high priest and appointed to open Terminal Island, Calif. ehehIeeo the gospel door in Switzerland.

Soon others were taking upon themselves the covenant of baptism in Italy, but the work was slow. On

May 9, 1851, Elder Woodard wrote Have Your EyesExamined Now Elder Snow who was then in England:

still alive President Snow: I am Dear

if mountains, I cannot to climb able No Appointment Necessary and move them. I have baptized one more since

I wrote. This makes twentyone members

There's no appointment exclusive of those who are nonresident, book... no waiting... no andas Brothermyself. Toronto, Brother Stenhouse,

fuss and bother involved The Millennial Star of August 1 5, when you have the qualified 1851, reported that "the mission in optometrist at Standard Italy still moves forward,"that

Optical examine your eyes. Elder Toronto had recently reJust drop in to his modern turned from Sicily, and some of the

office at any time. He examItalian brethren had recently been

ordained and were endeavoring to ines your eyes immediately. do missionary work. The Church

Visit the qualified optomethere then numbered thirty members.

trist at Standard Optical Elder Snow was engaged in the today! translation of the Book of Mormon

into Italian at that time, which book was to come from the press in 1852.

Elder Woodard reported to Pay Nothing Down, $1 A Week President Samuel W. Richards on

Haveyour child's eyes examined before school starts! January 12, 1853 that:

the Italian Saints are increasing in number, knowledge, and blessings, although surrounded continually with oppression, such as loss of employ, children expelled from school, etc.

MODERN DFFICES THROUGHOUT THE WEST With the close of the year 1853,

Elder Jabez Woodard was on his 732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA way home with an honorable release from missionary activity. With

the release of Elder Woodard theItalian Mission lost its identity as For Your Qhapel a separate mission of the Church.

From 1854 to 1861 it functioned as the Swiss and Italian Mission.

Elder Woodard was again in continental Europe, among his beloved

Italian Saints, for a season as president of the Swiss and Italian Mission beginning in 1857, and he served as the first president of the

Swiss, Italian, and German Mission in 1861. That mission functioned

from 1861 to 1868. Select the Organ chosen by

in was a factor Emigration keepmore Wards than any other! Italian of the the membership ing

Mission and its successors small.

At the time of its amalgamation THE ORGAN! HAMMOND are using the Hammond Organ every week—with the Swiss Mission in 1854, Over 120 Wards

there were three branches, sixtybecause it is easy to play—never gets out of tune—takes up less

four members, and records of fifty space—and costs so much less.

emigrations to Utah. Come to our store during Conference and see and hear it—or write in

for full particulars

Girl And A Two Brothers CO. MUSIC -BROS. GLEN UTAH OGDEN, LAKE SO. MAIN, SALT 714) 74 page (Continued from

lasted forty minutes, and in that time there was not a sound nor a movement of unrest to disturb him.

AH her life Claudia had been connected with educators, but she had never known another person who had the ability to attract and hold the attention of a mixed audience as Ben was doing. His topic was

trite and hackneyed, and his words were not unusual. They were direct and simple, but there was

something in his personality that made everything he said sound original and interesting. His message took on a new meaning

powerful and significant. Claudia

wished that she had a pencil and notebook that she might take down every word of his speech.

He finished on a spiritual note.

"One of the many marvels of nature, to my mind, is the fact that no two things in all creation are absolutely the same. No two human beings ever lived who were

exactly alike. Our minds, our personalities, and our physical makeups, are sufficiently unlike as to

preserve our individualities. The

one thing in human beings, and the One of America's only thing that is identical, is the Best Loved

Spirit of God that is born in each Dining Spots of us. That spark of divinity is

given to every human creature at {Continued on following page) MAX CARPENTER, Manager 733

SEPTEMBER 1950.

The Jumping Jack TWO BROTHERS AND A GIR1 {Continued from preceding page) "Oh, Ben, that was marvelous.

birth. It is not only born in us, we I'm so proud of you,"Claudia

are enveloped by it; we are subwhispered, tucking her hand in his

merged; we are bathed in it. Be as he came to her side again.

cause it is invisible, people may "Thank you, dear."Claudia

neglect to draw upon this soulin- caught the affectionate word, but spiring influence. she was certain Ben had used it

"There are three normal hungers unconsciously. It was the first word

which are born with every human of endearment he had ever spoken being. The first and most urgent to her.

and acute is the desire for food to The rest of the program was sustain the body. The second hunsoon over, and Ben and Claudia

ger is mental. The growing infant were surrounded by friends. He

acquires a curiosity about things accepted their praise modestly. He

around him, and mental hunger is was particularly pleased with the born. The last and least insistent reaction of the boys, who all

is spiritual hunger. Because it is crowded around him, eager to shake

Endorsed by Pediatricians the least compelling, it may be his hand. Then the refreshment

It easily suppressed and neglected. still in. committee Ben was moved Revolutionary tends Jack""Jumping and all perishes for often too of want time. exercises at Helps the desame baby as he asked Claudia's holding hand

child strong, active velop giving while sustenance. persistently The body fit free to time. Adjustable more Mother to ladies excuse the them from

old. to every from Holds 3 1 months baby food ashunger demands when in the joining erect, 1 to straight legs allows hamburger back and go down,

free arms to move safety spring permits in babyany direction.to jump freely.Steel sails it. And physical hunger rewatermelon feast. There were

is fall out. as long as or there cannot tip over mains Harness Baby normal smiles significant as whispers and skin. indoors tender baby's chafe cannot Use

life. is If there starvacontinued or out. Shurtliff to Co., Mfg. $4.98 225 Send left the people the camp. two young Pocatello, Ave., Idaho. money100% tion, ensues. death death Mental guarantee. S.back10th of cool her the porch back On GIFT! IDEAL AN less obtrusively, quite but as comes

effectively from lack of proper aunt's home, Claudia and Ben ate exercise. nourishment and The SHURTLIFF225 S. 10TH. AVE. MFG.POCATELLO.CO.IDAHO the lunch Mrs. Glenn had prepared for her niece and Jimmy. Finishing

all death of is the death of worst

BEFORE you buy new the spirit. And that is the one of thechocolatelast crumbcake, Benof thedrewdelectablea dainty

screens. - which a person may be entirely unlittle book from his pocket. He unlike aware, physical because repaint or you swing,This BEFORE the porch from where

craving, it does not send out danger shifted. old ones. rewire your sitting, chair to a under they were

signals. fed, the being Without

like saying, the lamp, you "Would spirit inactive. becomes weak and

a littleis it! igateIt will RYLOCK.pay you to investSend to hear from read me

is Spiritual horrible the death most coupon for information, thing to contemplate. And spiritual 'Enoch Arden,'Claudia?"

it, Ben. I haven't readTHE name of nearest dealer. life with its eternal growth and "I'd love

development is the most glorious of that poem for years."

all things of which we dream and As he read, the theme of theRYLOCK hope. What a wonderful place story came back to Claudia. She

the world would be if every human liked the sound of his pleasant

Tension being took advantage of accepting voice, and she liked the story. She

WINDOW thising ourdivinelivesforce,awayinsteadon trifles.of fritterYou hadBen. reallyShe enjoyedhad beenthesurprisedevening withand

SCREEN areSir allLaunfal'familiar bywith Jamesthe 'VisionRussellof hisdelightedcontrolwithover hishis selfassurance,audience, and

Lowell. the splendid speech he had made.

She was proud and happy in seeing "I'm going to close with a few the admiration and respect the peolines from that poem: ple had for him. But uppermost

of in thoughts her were mind "'At the devil's booth all things are spite In efforts she of her Jimmy.

sold, didn't seem able to concentrate on

Each ounce of dross costs its ounce the reading. All at once, with a

of gold; start, she realized that Ben's voice

LTD. COMPANY RYLOCK lives bells our a cap For and we closed that stopped, he had pay, had Calif. Leandro, Ave., San Washington 2485 soul's with a whole Bubbles buy we her. at and the book was looking information. complete send me may You tasking; "Claudia,"he said handing the

HAME. 'Tis heaven alone that is given little volume to her, "when you go

ADDRESS. away, to your room, please read the senCITY 'Tis only God"may be had for the tence that I have marked, and parasking.'{Continued on page 736)

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA li'l is right! Abner

Deseret News comic characters ARE FUNNY!

Planned for laughs, spaced with thrills, their apLI'L ABNER SAD SACK

NANCY STEVE ROPER peal is for the whole family. STILL 16 PAGES HERMAN BUZ SAWYER

FERD'NAND THE RANGER LONE Sunday, on FULL IN OF COMICS COLOR DRIPPLE DOTTY DRAKE KERRY

FINN MICKEY the strips, cream giving with VALIANT 20 daily you PRINCE REMUS UNCLE AND

CINDERS RABBIT ELLA BRE'R of the nation's toppopularity comic crop. ROGERS BUCK THE NEBBS

MUTT AND JEFF CASEY RUGGLES LITTLE LULU TINY TIM AND MANY OTHERS Join the parade—enjoy the laughs—in the daily and Sunday comic pages of the

SEPTEMBER 1950 735 it's as simple &s TWO BROTHERS AND A GIRL as this (Continued from page 734) Ben."She turned to the bookmark

ticularly the last six words. I'll and read the words,

see you after your last class to- "Unless—they say that women morrow. Good night, Claudia."are so quick—

On the flyleaf of the little book Perhaps you know what I would was written, "To Claudia from have you know with Better caps & lids ''00&v-0,'rO''0'v

Ulltimate \Jbuectiues

BY RICHARD L. EVANS

Tf we want to know how far we can depend upon a per- I should at least son, we know two things about him: 1. heavy Resilient

gauge, Qualityno weakeningSteel—embossing what he believes, know what his philosophy or We should of bulging.

is, life ultimate what his objectives are, 2. coat food then and Extra we should coating—Third

lacacid gold enamel on under if circumstances, what know any, he tin. depart would quer, resistanton

live Builtin 3. latex Latex from what he believes. Every man has a set of principles, rings for jar cushionrings—against rims

high vacuums. a code of conduct to which he adheres or from which he

4. Easier "off"tOO—Exclusive

provides thread design easy "on departs—and the safety and solidarity of people vary

off."and greatly according to their professed principles, and ac-

5. Special Packing Even—No cording to how faithfully separate. prying to to they follow Packed back their professed

back. Slide out ready to use.

principles; for example, the man who believes that honesty

is is divine a injunction likely to be reliable more than At fyaa fet att5 only evett,

Most the believes is that man who honesty merely a policy to Good be to pursued according convenience. beThe man who Stores BerNARdin

CAPS&UDS lieves that virtue actually offers its own eternal reward is likely to be more reliable than the man who believes that virtue is merely a social convention, to be observed only according to shifting circumstances. Likewise, the man

who sincerely believes himself to be an everlasting immortal individual would be inclined to live in some respects quite differently from the man who doesn't look much beyond the present prospect. He who has his eyes on a short

journey might well decide to get everything he can from his endless eyes on an his course. him, FIRST to Sears itineraryeveryone ishemorecan. inclinedBut he towhoconsiderhas To

anyone wronged is cause for real concern, because somewhere, sometime, misused, every he has man he may meet THEN to School! and righted, somewhere, must every sometime, be wrong

and every debt discharged. Of course, it is true that some

people who profess high principles sometimes depart from their principles and deeply disappoint us. But still,

to know how far we may trust a man ( and, parenthetically, how far we may trust an institution or an organization or even a nation ), we need to know what his ideals and ultimate objectives are; we need to know what he wants

from life; we need to know the future for which he hopes.

We need to know what he has his eyes on—because that

is what he is going to move toward, if he isn't interrupted on his way.

Revised

Jke Spoken Word FROm temple SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, JULY 9, 1950 f

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I wish you for my wife."

The last six words were lightly underlined. The girl's first imIMPORTANT NOTICEfpulse was to laugh. But this quaint just off the presslproposal of marriage was too seri- A NEW EDITION

ous and beautiful for laughter.

She lay awake for hours thinkTHE GOSPEL THROUGH THE AGES ing of the brothers: of Jimmy; of By Milton R. Hunter (Price $3.00)

Ben and his tender nature, and the precious words she had just This important book read. Thinking of Jimmy brought has been unavailable for nearly a year.

emotions—sweetmemories of gaiety,and pleasurableinnocent. THE GOSPEL THROUGH THE AGES &Thoughts of Ben brought peace. PEARL OF GREAT PRICE COMMENTARY ($3.00),

With sudden and astonishing written by the same author, are both "MUST"books for all missionclarity, she recognized the differaries, students of Purchasethe Gospel,Now!andExcellentlibrariesforofgifts.all Latterday Saints.

ence between two kinds of love.

fascinating swift, theThere was R. HUNTER: BY MILTON CLASSICS OTHER that a girl sweeps $3.00.. COLONIZER THE

the then $2.75emotionfeet—and HER PEOPLE STORY OF other—theoff her UTAH BRIGHAM—THEYOUNG

peaceful, comfortable, enduring UTAH INDIAN STORIES $2.25

love upon which people build for GEMS OF THOUGHT - $1-00 lifelong happiness. Suddenly she

knew. A beautiful wave of conestedThesein Utahbooks& areWesternhighlyhistory,recommendedand shouldfor peoplebe in everyintertentment swept over her, and with home library. They are written in a vivid style especially

a smile on her lips she fell asleep. for young people.

True to his word, Ben was waitOrder copies from:

ing for her when she arrived at her COMPANY EOLOB BOOK BOOKCRAFT afternoon. the next 1575aunt's P. O. Box home 1186 Main South

California Oakland, City, Salt Utah Lake the porch, he her step onHearing went to meet her. There was unusual eagerness in his walk, but

a worried question in his eyes.

half a "Claudia,""Claudia—the word waswhisper.

Her radiant smile as she held When You out her hands to him, answered his unspoken question. The next Hear Folks Say:

moment she was in his arms.

"Claudia, dearest, is this your answer?"Our Water Heating

"Yes, Ben. Oh, yes."

At that moment Jimmy came in is Perfect"calling, "Hello there, Claud. Are

you ready?"

He stopped short, looking at the tableau in astonishment and chagrin. Instantly Ben and Claudia OF COURSE, ITS ELECTRIC!

turned, each holding out a hand to him. Bravely he grasped their

hands, but Claudia's heart ached, the he could unhappiness seeing Light Co. several seconds he Utah Power & For not hide.

could not control his voice.

"Ben,"he said finally, choking back what seemed suspiciously like "I old you, congratulate sob, a

I fella. of For Your Reading Pleasure loads both of you wish

happiness and good luck. I'm sorry I wasn't a few years older than Each Month of the Year

you, brother, and had the first chance. Well, that's that. You THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

know I've always wished we had 12 Issues $2.50

a girl in the family."

SEPTEMBER 1950 737

pOR the perfecting of the HlV Saints..."(Eph. 4:12.)

Onetrueof thechurchunfailingof Christsigns isof thethe *v perfect organization which the in the to his gave Church Lord day PATRIARCHAL BLESSINGS lived the he upon Aposearth. The

tle Paul in his epistle to the

Ephesian saints, writes: e, -JUpk tn.erz

And he gave some, apostles; and some, PATRIARCH TO LIBERTY STAKE

prophets; and some, evangelists; and some,

teachers; pastors and

ministers, evangelical as they shall be speaking subject of patrion the saints, for the perfecting the of For designated revelation. (D. unto them by archal blessings, said: ministry, for the the the edifying of work C. 107:39.) &

Christ. of the 4:1112.) of (Eph. body

We have a number of patriarchs in the it is to bestow blessAnd the Apostle further states As the Church increased in memChurch whose duty the additional stakes of those of heads upon Zion ings who seek that these officers should remain in bership, blessings their at hands. are They it organized, were and became the Church fathers. the evangelical hold ofThey necessary patriarchs other to ordain

It fice is in the their Church. business

all in Till of unity the come we will the in the of the with harmony right to blessings the bestow and upon faith, of the of the knowledge and Son as to the expressed Council Lord to people, promises in unto the them make.. of God,

it if of the Lord, as the of are few, name be given Twelve. There may children, henceforth be That no more we.

inspiration of Spirit, the the by them Holy in stakes the any, organized Church fro, to carried with tossed about and and every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of today in which there are not found to comfort them in the hours of sorrow trouble, their to faith strengthen and by craftiness, cunning men, whereby and they at or least one or two evangelists that the shall promises to be them made (Ibid., lie 4:1314.) in to deceive. wait patriarchs. Designated by revelaSpirit the through of to God, be and

The same perfect organization tion from the Lord unto the Twelve, fathers indeed of the people, leading them exists in the Church of Jesus Christ as they visit the stakes of Zion, into all truth. (Gospel Doctrine, 1939 ed.,

of Latterday Saints today, revealed chosen and ordained by them p. 181.)

anew through the Prophet Joseph through authority of the First And again, the words of PresiSmith. But what is the meaning Presidency, these patriarchs are apdent Heber J. Grant:

of the word "evangelist"? The pointed to pronounce patriarchal

Prophet Joseph Smith has said, blessings upon the heads of worthy Why do we believe in evangelists? Bemembers of the Church who may cause they have the inspiration of God,

Patriarch of evangelist is a An of the or of seed of Abraham. Joseph the blood desire blessings. A special recomablethe inspirationto foretell ofthetheirlivesofficeof theand menthey andare

Wherever the Church of Christ is estabmend from the bishop of the ward women upon whom they place their hands.

lished in the earth there should be a to the applicant for the blessing is (Gospel Standards, p. 20.)

Patriarch for the benefit of the posterity of required by the presiding Authorithe Saints, as it was with Jacob, in giving ties of the Church for identification Tn reflecting upon the utterances of his his blessing patriarchal unto these inspired and other prophsons. of the Church member to the Smith, Prophet [Teachings Joseph of the

ets of and leaders the Church on patriarch. 151.) p.

this subject, one cannot escape the '"The office of patriarch is therefore Tn the instructions given by the conviction that patriarchal blessings, necessary in the complete and First Presidency concerning the given and received as the Lord.

perfect organization of the callings duties of the patriarchs is the folwould inspire and approve, are of of the Holy Priesthood in the lowing explanation and admonition: great worth to those receiving them.

Church of Christ. A great many Latterday Saints

The first patriarch to the Church Patriarchal blessings contemplate an incan testify to the goodness of the in this dispensation was Joseph spired declaration of the lineage of the Lord in the fulfilment of the promSmith, Sr., the father of the recipient, and also, where so moved upon ises given them in these blessings.

also testify of the comProphet, who was called to the bylife themissionSpirit,of antheinspiredrecipient,statementtogetherofwiththe They can sacred office by revelation through such blessings, cautions, and admonitions fort and joy they receive in the ashis son, who also ordained him. The as the patriarch may be prompted to give surance that, by obedience to his

Patriarch to the Church today is for the accomplishment of such life's miscommandments, God would help

Eldred G. Smith, the second greatsion, it being always made clear that the them to overcome temptation and

faith to solve their probgrandson of Patriarch Hyrum Smith, conditionedrealization ofuponallfaithfulnesspromised toblessingsthe gospelis give them the son of Joseph Smith, Sr., the of our Lord, whose servant the patriarch lems while passing through some of

first patriarch to the Church. is.... The sacred nature of the patrithe trying experiences in life.

all archal blessing of necessity must urge to revelation the In a Prophet first of the acts of of One many solicitation to patriarchs earnest most in in Kirtland, Ohio, Smith'Joseph faithful of the Latterday Saints who their for utterguidance divine prophetic 1 the fol835, the gave Lord March their to of the land from Zion come superior for cautions ances and wisdom lowing commandment to his chosen and admonitions. native lands as converts to the

Twelve Church is to seek their blessings at

It is the duty of the Twelve, in all During the time of his administrathe hands of the patriarchs. They

large branches of the church, to ordain tion, President Joseph F. Smith in appreciate this opportunity and

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I'm notorious from the Atlantic to the

Pacific and from the Hudson Bay down to the Gulf of Mexico as being a "teetotaler"and a "dry"in all circles with which I come into contact.

In the last fifteen months I've talked to medical and lay groups in every state in

NOLIOUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN theeveryUnioninstanceexceptbutMaineone thereand Florida.has been Ina

cocktail party. Like some of you and

of Allied

I—LondiActecL pu S/Jf. /4o6epri /. em othersYouth, ofI'vethe neverBoard takenof Trusteesa cocktail.

learned a long time ago that the easiest

Do You Want to Stop Smoking? matter of service to all who would way to do it is to smile and say, "No, I'm

like to give up the smoking habit but a teetotaler. I'm an abstainer. I don't

Tnder this heading we published in find it difficult to do so. Other remedies believe in it."

*"* this column of the October 1949, have been proposed and used. We Not very long ago I was told the story

Improvement Era a brief statement have formerly given information relathat "There's Dr. Ivy, who never takes

alcoholics drink. Nevertheless, a when tive easiest to them; but perhaps the to designed drugrelative to a new

realistic he need is always sympathy some effective one yet most and developed their quit for to smokers easymake it out."to help them hand on

is NicoStop. might However, we requestshabit. have come many So that's thing. peculiar a very The And

to us for further information that we add that no drug or method will sucpeople who dispense alcohol and who feel what follows will be read with ceed unless the smoker has the desire make the profit out of alcohol have no interest. and will to abstain. sympathy with the product that their

like business produced. People has you is Nicoof the new drug The name

like the real and people symme have after developedStop. many Alcoholism It was

months of intensive work by trained 'The problem of alcoholism is perpathy for the alcoholic. We try to preproduction alcoholics of the vent by currently attenreceiving more of haps chemists. Hearing competentand

abstinence. society total practising When is tion before. ever than true This of the drug existence fromthe Emery

alcoholics, does produce forward come we least at of one of phase of a prominent doctorR. Ranker, D M. it—that to to try to care of cure take them and

it. curing of prevention ounce "An California, gladly acof Oakland, we them.

cepted his offer to obtain for us further is worth a pound of cure"is an old When it comes to things that lead to information. This he gave us in a truism that does not seemingly conreal evil we must have the courage of

letter dated October 20, 1949 in which cern many workers on the problem. our convictions. We have to manifest

he wrote: They continually talk of alcoholism courage in any situation where we have

"There is nothing in the product, as a disease as if it were in the same to win to fight. On the battlefield we have

is battleto courage. manifest There a arthritis, class tuberculosis, cancer, as is at that directed, as usedwhen

is field. battle alcohol the and The that everybody would ingredients of the andharmful many all etc.—diseases it to produces. manifest misery have Wewith if getting to avoid he It do knew beneficial. how used beare very may that. in to regard courage

it. Contrarily, everyone in knows perfect how anyoneor by recommended

take avoid safety.confidence and Mr. J. C. to alcoholism—never the What The Figures Show

first drink. Since the records show NicoStop, of managerSmith, a sales

stated that he intends supplying the that about one person out of every Following the practice of recent product in a smaller size for prescripsixteen that begins drinking becomes years, we again publish in the Septemtion use by doctors, in addition to the an alcoholic—a confirmed drunkard ber issue of The Improvement Era

larger twoounce size now on the is it not sinful, immoral to drink? In the following data, obtained from the

market at $10.00 a bottle. I discussed the case of every disease, except state tax commission of sales in Utah

the price with him and he intends realcoholism, are we not all interested during the fiscal years indicated ducing the price as rapidly as possible, in removing the cause? Many of July 1 to June 30, respectively.

consistent with the initial expenses of those working on the problem of research and organization."alcoholism show no interest in removPaid for 1949 1950

The new drug is a redcolored liquid, ing the cause. Why? Is this not Cigarets $ 8,472,953 $ 8,389,27o

said to be pleasant to taste, and a dose anomalous? Beer 12,239,616 12,315,630

consists of four to eight drops on the Hard Liquors.. 12,819,282 12,449,985

tongue from a medicine dropper. If Dr. Ivy Talks to Youth Totals $33,531,851 $33,154,885

viceit, Ivy, Ph.D., M.D., A. C. local drugstore carry does notthe

Estimated Consumption of the University president of Illinois, Sales write to NicoStopthen Comper capita pany, P. O. Box 193, St. Helena, and one of the ablest advocates of Cigarets 71.5 pkgs. 69.5 pkgs.

California. abstinence in the United States, is Beer 11.3 gals. 11.1 gals.

We have no financial interest in quoted in Allied Youth, July number,

NicoStop and give the above as a as saying: Estimated Cost

* Cigaretsper capita $12.51 $12.16

gratefully take advantage of it, havseek their blessings under the Beer 18.08 17.85

ing been denied this privilege in the hands of the patriarchs."(John A. Hard Liquors 18.93 18.05

land of their birth. They are made Widtsoe, Evidences and ReconciliaTotals $49.52 $48.06

to rejoice in their hearts in the tions, p. 77. ) These blessings should Campaign Workers, are you satisprospects of receiving greater be carefully preserved and read fied with results as shown by these

blessings in this wonderful land often for the comfort and assurfigures? Apparently you have made

by continued faithful service to their ance they give to those who have but little progress during the past fiscal

Heavenly Father. faith in God and who faithfully year. Is not more energetic and per-

"All Latterday Saints should strive to keep his commandments. sistent action needed?

SEPTEMBER 1950 739 Ward Teaching Revitalizes The Teacher Ward Teaching And \17hile it is true that ward teachers Y.M.M.I.A. superintendency, has reThe Absentee

are sent into the homes of the cently been ordained an elder, and is

Saints to* teach, it is not infrequent now preparing to take his wife and Tn most wards there are members of that ward teachers themselves are refamily through the temple to be sealed record who, because of their work, vitalized, reactivated, and sometimes together for all eternity—and all this are compelled to live away from home.

more truly converted through their because Bishop Rawson approached These members are in need of the own activities in this high calling. Eugene Freeman in the spirit of a strengthening influence of ward teachWitness the following account of an bishop's calling and gave Brother ing just as much as those living withexperience enjoyed by Bishop Murray Freeman the opportunity to find out in the ward boundary, and more so,

Rawson, Richfield Ward, Blaine for himself that the gospel of Jesus because many of them may have no (Idaho) Stake: Christ is true and that this is the contact with the Church and may be

Bishop Rawson and his counselors kingdom of God upon the earth. living among strangers.

decided to call an adult member of Stake and ward leaders in ward Since they are members of record, the Aaronic Priesthood to do ward teaching may well look over the posthe bishop is responsible for their teaching. He was an ordained teacher, sibilities of repeating this stimulating welfare. While it may be impossible

was thirtynine years old, had a good experience in every ward in the for the bishop to visit them personally, wife and a fine family. Church. Such an experience can come the U. S. mail is our servant, and it

The bishop called! When told to others than the adult members of is possible to reach them by letter,

that he was being called to do the Aaronic Priesthood. There are even in remote places. Through this

ward teaching, the adult member the inactive, even the indifferent who medium much good could be accomseemed shocked and replied something may likewise be revitalized if they are plished. A friendly letter from thelike this—"I love the Church, but I given an opportunity to serve. ward committee on ward teaching may

am not very wellacquainted with its prove very stimulating to the recipteachings. How can I teach others ients.

something I don't know too well mySuch a project, if undertaken, should self?"Bishop assured Rawson him

he being called of the was Lord and Ward Teaching Begets bebishop.underWhilethe directionhe wouldofnotthebewardexthat the Lord could the letters, he to write would assist him if he Enduring Friendships pected

faithful. bewould responsibility each assign this month

the conclusion of a At threehour clerks, counselors, his to and ward the of most enduring friendComeinterview, call the accepted. was The letter supervisors. should teacher Each ships this ever in made Church teacher ward assigned tonew was filled the genuine of with be warmth built have been the foundation upon oflabor a with companion. good friendship, important of a brief account service others. to friendships These in Included fine their district a was in a the ward, happening events and are in established various for ways;family only father the where a was message. short gospel example: renders one service When the of the Church.member However,

mother seemed anxious to learn more to those who are victims of misforThis procedure, if followed regularabout the teachings of the gospel and tune, there grows in the memory of ly, would be appreciated by individual apparently was quite ready to begin the distressed a lasting regard for members and families and tie them her investigation when the ward the one so kind and considerate in the more securely to the ward and the teachers made their first call. hour of need. Church. Manifest in such a worthy

By the time the visit was finished, Opportunities for friendship through project would be the true spirit of the thirtynine-yearold ward teacher service are presented to ward teachers "watching over the Church always"had written down nineteen questions almost every day. When one renders with a sincere desire to "see that all

which the mother in the home had service to others, the door for making members do their duty."

asked and which the ward teachers friendships is opened.

were not fully prepared to answer. When one who has erred is brought

He took the questions home, borback into activity through kindness carefully back into the path of rightrowed his father's Church books, and and understanding, he develops a deep eous living.

went to work, determined to answer appreciation for his benefactor. When one's conduct and good exevery one of the nineteen questions on When an earnest seeker after truth ample inspire youth to seek more lofty

the return visit. He answered the receives knowledge from a wellin- ideals, neither the example nor the

questions satisfactorily but was obliged formed teacher, he treasures not only individual will soon be forgotten.

to write down another list of the knowledge, but also his associaOn more than one occasion the Lord questions nearly as long as the first tion with his informant. called his servants, "friends."Even

and repeat his research in preparaWhen one who is indifferent to the in reproof he called them his friends.

tion for the third visit. Church and its teachings has his (D. & C. 93:45.) We want to be

The result? The adult member of whole concept of life changed by one counted worthy to be among the Lord's

the Aaronic Priesthood who became a who convincingly shows him the danfriends. One of the most exacting

ward teacher became very regular gers of maintaining such an attitude, conditions of this friendship will be in attending all Church meetings, was his heart will always be filled with that we prove to be friends to our made first assistant in the ward gratitude for the one who led him associates by serving them faithfully.

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rtri

reparetd bu cU.ee Sv. falr.mer

Aaronic Priesthood Adult Members Aaronic Priesthood

New Bishop Seeks Bishop's Invitation Quorum Presidencies, Group

After the Unordained Brings Happy Response Leaders lo Conduct Meetings

TJTere is a record which we question It will require two hundred dollars to /Vbservation points up the neceshas an equal in the Church. complete the muchneeded paint job on our sity for again directing the attention of bishoprics and quorum advisers A newlyordained bishop immediatewardin thisbuildings.project areThoseinvitedwho wantto contributeto assist

ly discovered he had only two deacons whatever sum they desire. to the fact that Aaronic Priestpresidencies group or hood quorum priest and under one years twentyone bishop 'T'he spoken. had The ward of leaders teachers should and deacons in his of of age three over hunward priesthood meeting dismissed. was their preside only not or over quorum dred the recto members. went He until forward, not but came man One also conbut group should meetings ords that soon discovered and he had all after left building. the had "Bishthe exercises thereof duct befrom the the boys, but boys not had been op,"said timidly, rather is he "here ginning to end. should bishop The ordained. for check dollars. hundred two my presihis priests preside as their over

He visited them all, and in less than Please don't say anything about it to dent.

six weeks from the date of his ordinaanybody."Aaronic Priesthood leaders are extion as a bishop he had ordained He was an adult member of the pected to teach young quorum and

twelve deacons, four teachers, and five Aaronic Priesthood. You see, he loved group officers how to preside and how

priests in their respective age groups the Lord and the Church, too, alto conduct their meetings. Young

who had never before been ordained thoughterested;somehe doesn'thad said:care.""He isn't into the priesthood but who were all There is more loyalty, more love for Build manhood into boyhood

worthy to receive this divine authorthe Lord and for the Church tucked that there may be less boyhood ity. Twentyone young men were away in many hearts than may be in manhood.

given the personal attention of the suspected. It is not likely they will

president of the Aaronic Priesthood too often disclose such characteristics.

and were they happy? The bishop It is our duty, our responsibility, to men should not be left to do this work

said, "Every one of them is thrilled discover them and to provide opporperfunctorily or to do it without being beyond words and is faithful in every tunities for their expression in service. taught. It is the responsibility of the

bishopric advisers them. to teach and interests, clue to the There is some call made of him."'In addition in being instructed to the loyalties, the the loves, heart. of every

This story will be of greatest worth It is our business to watch for that art of conducting their meetings, these only where stake and ward Aaronic clue, to discover those interests, loyyoung presiding officers should be

Priesthood committees, and bishops alties, and loves in the heart of every taught their full responsibility toward particularly, follow this worthy exadult member of the Aaronic Priesteach member of the quorum or group.

ample in looking after the unordained. hood. An active interest in the backward

and inactive members, stressing the

Challenging Records desirability of personal visits to those needing encouragement in their duties, is basic to the proper training of these

Perfect Attendance Records Are Family Traditions young men. What to do when bereavement, illness, or other misfortune strikes in the home of a group

member should be a part of such training.

The quorum adviser meets the requirements of his calling best when; he projects the genius of his own

leadership into the lives of those called to preside over Aaronic Priesthood

THE ANDERSONS quorums.

LUASENE—19 BLAINE—17 EARL DEAN—15 PETER—14 Teach them, train them, show them

how to do it, but let them do it. There

Proudly we present these four young people who have established an enviable is no substitute for experience in the record in Church activity and who are the pride and joy of their parents, art of presidency.

Louis M. and Leota A. Anderson, Mt. Pleasant South Ward, North Sanpete Consult your Aaronic Priesthood

(Utah) Stake. Handbook for further instructions on

Since they reached twelve years of age ( their present ages are indicated by this matter and let there be such foltheir names), they have maintained a perfect attendance record at sacrament lowup to these suggestions as to leave meeting, Sunday School, and Y.W.M.I.A. for Luasene, and at priesthood meetno quorum presidency or group leaders

ing, sacrament meeting, Sunday School, and Y.M.M.I.A. for Blaine, Earl Dean, without adequate training as presiding

.and Peter. officers.

.SEPTEMBER 1950

GREAT ART CAN RE BEAUTIFUL (Concluded from page 718) Sculptor Fairbanks'secret hope an enduring peace—rather than a

liffs, and other families, helped is that some day there will be a static peace which will not provide stimulate the branch to greater world academy as a means to world energy outlets, and which might activity. Dr. and Sister Fairbanks harmony. On this topic he says, lead to war as an ultimate release

also, through their cultural activities, "The academy would be a school of emotional and physical energy.

won respect for the Church among to train youth of every nation in "Such an academy would not other churches and civic groups in all branches of intellectual activity, spend most of its scholars'efforts

Ann Arbor. The Ann Arbor particularly research in science and looking backward, but would supBranch under the active program creative efforts in art, in order that ply new outlets for the future good

initiated by the people mentioned they might contribute toward a and happiness of mankind. It would

above, afforded spiritual guidance dynamic rather than a static peace. emphasize the coordination of culto many of the outstanding Latter- "In contrasting cultures, a dytures already developed and would

day Saint students who came there namic harmony of balance and acaspire to the development of new to study. tions can be achieved, leading to ones.

"The students of such an academy would study the basic principle of art, science, and religion, to carry on research and creative efforts in the hope of arriving at universal understanding."

Yes, an artist can live by his art, and live well. And he can afford

as many children as he and his wife want. And he can still dream of a

here's a value that invites comparison world academy, and work for it, too, for Avard Fairbanks is a Compare The Price! worker.

Compare The Features!

Compare The Performance!

.. and you will agree WANT AD

THE ALLISCHALMERS MODEL D By Gladys B. Kennacd

is YOUR BEST BUY..'. I read in the paper:

needs a boy "A farm BY A LONG WAY to play and and To work

To just feel its joy."

I think I'll apply, for My folks will consent;

They say I should grow from The earth—not cement.

I've heard Daddy say he Thinks all boys need farms, And, oh, how his tale of His farmchildhood charms!

He'd rise at daybreak—not

Just once, but each day With something to rise for More urgent than play.

He learned to meet life in rain, sun; or The snow, job Not a converted

for night well at—to bring He slept you BIG... graderit's ENGINEEREDdesign and NEWperformanceFROM THEadvantages:GROUND UP

rest won. been had His DRIVE TUBULAR FRAME ROLLAWAY HYTANDEM POWER MOLDBOARD all with beets day hoe He'd COMPLETE OPERATOR CONTROLS DRAULIC REARENGINE DESIGN COMFORT row, dad, on "row His

VISIBILITY HIGH ARCHTYPE FRONT AXLE FULL DROP TRANSMISSION DOWN missing I'm things And SIMPLIFIED SERVICING OPERATOR'S BLADE PLATFORM ANGLED better go! both Welearn

Electric lights starter standard equipment. Various and AllView FROMaccessories—including

is twilights priceless easily off. put spend which or taken on Cab He'd

In Motherson-walks Xrifl. Or sit in the kitchen and

Churn to their talks;

Yes, Mother must go—I'll Need her, there's no doubt!—

And brothers and sisters "<mmm: I can't do without!

Hyd radically Controlled specialEliminator Loads Material Plows into Saves Windrow Snow with ly trucks with Scarifier—Located special Tractomoback designed snowTime. This rear I'd have room for pets and Baker

of circle for greater tive J-yd. bucket. Hyplows—"V"or Bladeblade saves extra pass All things that boys hoard;

down steering. pressure,& easier draulicallysimple to mount.operated, Type.on lightBlade'dozerplowwork.used byrowfeatheringfrom graderout blade.windBut I'dAndwantnot justto liveto board.there

needs a "A farm boy"—No,

"Seeing is Believing."not one's That

AllisChalmers Ask Your needs a farm with Dealer "A boyfULISTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A. for me: Demonstration. for a family."His own

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA vJ>eaf aJLake Stake Ivf. Js. Af.

SKATING PROJECT

A pprqximately two years ago the stake Y.M.M.I.A. and the

stake Y.W.M.I.A. of Bear Lake

Stake bought roller skates in order to give wholesome, directed recreation to their youth. Since that time

BEAR LAKE STAKE AT SKATING RINK the entire membership of the stake has been invited to participate in this activity. In addition to this

activity, one evening a week is given to the different wards in the stake to have their individual ward and class parties.

This undertaking deserves a great deal of commendation. Certainly it has helped to solve a recreational problem and has offered

good, clean, wholesome, supervised fun for the youth of this area. S

The youth in other stakes have Beneficiation found roller skating a worthwhile activity. But many times they have

had to take time which has not been considered valuable by commercial ventures and also have been forced to rent rinks that have not adhered to our standards and have thus afNOT ALL IRON ORES ARE SUITABLE for steel making as they forded a bad environment for the come from the mines. In many cases waste must be

young people. The achievement removed from the ore and its quality improved so that

it is suitable for making steel. The process of improving

of Bear Lake Stake deserves the quality of ore is called beneficiation. Through

Churchwide recognition. beneficiation ore deposits which otherwise would not

be mined are made useful... and our natural resources

As the stake Y.W.M.I.A. presiare conserved.

of beneficiation in the development important Vitallydent said: "Bear Lake Stake loves Iron Mining of the Oliver been the work has methods

its youth, and youth in turn loves Company, a member of the U. S. Steel family. In its

of its kind largest in Duluth—the laboratory researchrecreation. So—come on, let's go is conIron Mining Oliver Company in the world—the

roller skating."From material stantly carrying out intensive research to develop imsubmitted by Stake President Mabel proved processes for the utilization of lowgrade ores.

The intensity and the thoroughness of this research pro-

S. Athay. gram, along with that instituted by other mining companies, is our country's best assurance that its supplies

of a needed raw material are being conserved and that there will be adequate and continuing supplies of iron ore in the future.

Helping to conserve the natural resources of America

DISPLACED PERSON is a vitally important consideration with the industrial. United States Steel. By Jean Jarvis Berbert family that serves the nation..

Bewilderment, unreconciled, -'A mask upon his face, UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION whileHe watches a younger child SUBSIDIARIES Usurps his former place

On Grandma's knee. His hurt eyes brim

start teardrops As injured UNITED STATES STEEL here for himNo sanctuary

Displaced, in Grandma's heart.

SEPTEMBER 1950 743

ssaSurv o{ Westn. Palest. Spec. Papers, p. 326;

[Deleted] Continued 708 page ( from f, picturesque some II, 141 has cit., 94, op. Burton, SP. in 168. not- p. 1903, Baldensperger, PEFQ the life toughens desert on observations how times. ancient in the that ing conditions apply same

impressed. is less no Doughty sl6 women. et l'Arain du Fr. de Lenormant, "Les Noms 48f Felix, p. Arafcia sThomas, Soc. Trans. Cuivre (1876), Arch. Bibl...."V words derivative roots and of number large sThe 344f p.

to honey referMffllB lehi in the Desert P. ArabiaBaldensperger,DesertaPEFQII, 27 1910, p. 261 which vocabulary in Arabic the in Afrika,""Eisentechnik 317F. Luschan, von

their in held place honey prominent a what shows 47- 1. 41 Heft Zeitschrift Ethnologie (1909), fur pp. in interested not course, was of Thomas, economy. 49 permanentlive must those for who but finding honey, sw/ri".. 48 p. than treasure greater is no there desert, in the ly 49 p. ld.,

in curious are Arabs "the of Hence honey. find a cf. 172f, S20W. 1895, A. in p. Ewing, PEFQ eight affords alone Meccah of honey: fond and 259: XII, Biblique Jaussen, Rev. "Judgments,"Burton, to according varieties,"different nine or sacred is more nothing stronger, and nothing 'There the discuss to proceeds 1, II, n. 130, who cit. op. is true the This nomads."oath the than among

types. various if exacted under oath be the city Arabs, of the even

137ff p. Arabia, Penetration of 'Hogarth, Palest., p. Westn.'(Surv. conditions special certain

"BS/d.. 148150 pp. 327).

is your assurance was a masculine Maida, that is, the

The Search Maida that used to be, the one we of rust free hot (Concluded from page 705) all laughed at in high school.

after month Tt my own wedwas a her slipped arm through Maida water and a me, telegraphed that Maida ding him. against stood his and

He's won- I'm married. "Francie, said softly, "this is she "Claude,"

tohim longer lasting derful. home with Coming friend."Francie, our

you."See day.

in all I out it thought, was, There tank debeen have must telegram The it picture if a just were as the open I as just had as soon because layed see. to for holding up me she was I it, up, saw and drove taxi a read

all. after Not changed hadn't She dayinside. a and man My Maida

different. looked only She Maida. door. the to went maid

full old still wounds, the of She was at stairs, hoping the I streaked up thoughtkids slights had old we bethe powdered face get to least my in Fowler a Glasslining were her. inflicted They upon lessly but Maida them, greeting heater fore water of your heart tank—safeguardsassures pure,the even hurting tender and there, after needs. all up dashed your for wait. She couldn't hot water was surface outer the though your in coating sanitary protective, so hap- I'm a Francie, "Francie, As me.

it didn't perfect. But and smooth prevents porcelain durable tank, him. Fowler to meet I you want Hurry, py. with safe was Maida now. rustmatter water metal, keeps touching from water It face. your with bother don't Oh, underalways heater. would life your of service Claude, who free, lengthens on. matter. Come won't really he he, when Fowler shouldn't is of many only one Glasslining stand. Why protesting, down me, pulled She

to make heartbreak? combine superiority which every her points of match could husband Her living room. the to buy. heater water best your Fowler she meant when what I knew now but the window, out staring was

she know that would only she said toward turned in, he came we more features* when perfect the she met man when first to Maida. homing eyes us, his more value. He came toward us clumsily, and her. for

1. Glasslined tank prevents water from his gaze focused with embarrassIt seemed to me that they both

rustfree. water keeps the metal touching—their of radiance in a misty stood head. was just above He my element externaltype lockon, 2. "Black Heat"holdthem, I leaned toward as blue, but he true nice. was own He was life. long efficiency and give top ments

3. Easyadjustable temperature conbig, and fumbling, and shy. Why, ing out my hands and wishing them

trols. I thought with an inward prickle, he every happiness.

4. Triple, builtin insulation retains the

maximum heat in tank.

antichrist that "heard audience had Capacities: 5.

"even and many coming"now 5 to 80 gals. (Table top models New Light on the Great Apostasy was 30 and 40 gals.)

6. Approved by Underwriters'Labora- (Continued from page 711) antichrists have come."The Savior

tories. Catholics, but few Protestants was, of course, one of those whose

See Fowler at your dealer's or write for would deny that the early Church predictions were known to John's full information. continued for a time with whatever readers. When speaking to his

Also manufacturer of gifts, graces, and authority it might Apostles concerning the destruction

FOWLER GAS WATER HEATERS have originally possessed. Actually, of Jerusalem and the spiritual difthe Catholic concept of ecclesiasficulties of those days, our Lord had

tical authority has much more in said:

common with Latterday Saint Then if any man shall say unto you, ho, views than does the Protestant here is Christ, or there; believe it not.

concept. For there shall arise false Christs, and

Now let me proceed to clarify my andfalse wonders;prophets, andinsomuchshall shewthat, greatif it signswere ELECTRIC WATER HEATER analysis of the meaning of John's possible, they shall deceive the very elect.

FOWLER. GladstoneMANUFACTURING. PortlandCOMPANY2, Oregon words. Behold, I have told you before.7

1. The Apostle says "we know (Continued on page 746)

that it is the last hour,"because his Matthew 24:2325

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LOOK!

TWO great new 50 FORDS

NEVER BEFORE-a car like the FORD "CRESTLINER"New color combinations! New airfoil

panel outlined in gleaming stainless steel! Rich basketweave vinyl fabric

covering on the steel top!

Inside—new fabricand-leather upholstery... new blackand-chrome

fittings... twotoned instrument panel.

Meet the NEW FORD "COUNTRY SQUIRE"Station Wagon Here is the workand-play car for everybody! Room to spare for

eight big people. And for more

"loadability,"the new Ford "Country Squire"has more flat carrying area... with new "Stowaway"center seat that folds

down to give giant "Flat Deck"loading area. Rear seat removes Now, more than

quickly without use of tools, ever, There's a Wr( in Your Future!

"TEST DRIVE"THE '50 FORD TODAY! While sidewall fires and wheel trim rings optional at extra cost.

SEE YOUR FRIENDLY FORD DEALER SEPTEMBER 1950 745 New Light on the Great Apostasy IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT! A NEW BOOK!

Containing voluminous evidences (Continued from page 744) sustaining the Notice that even the "very elect"

DIVINE AUTHENTICITY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON thatshouldshouldbe deceivedarise againstby the theevil Saints.forces

Some writers assert that the Lord's

ANCIENT AMERICA Startling words have reference to his second evidences advent and not to situations that and the arise following the destrucfrom should tion of this Jerusalem. 8 With BOOK OF MORMON Archaeology clusion I must disagree and mustconby and 16th Century point out that the Savior's comments

R. MILTON HUNTER

(First of Council Seventy) Mexican & Spanish concerning the second coming bewith 24:27. In the Matthew STUART THOMAS FERGUSON documents. gin

(Attorney at Law) quotation above simply repeathe is ing in somewhat different words the

English. before in documentary material published never Much of substance of what he had said at proofs External in of Christ's of time Ancient appearance and place

America brought to light. the beginning of the discourse.

History sustained. and Doctrine of Book of Mormon

Fifteen years of intensive research are represented in this'volume. If the very elect are to be deExcellent book for missionaries and those interested in The Book of ceived, is it difficult to believe that

Mormon. John's "last hour"refers to the true

Church's last struggle?

Order copies KOLOB BOOK COMPANY immediately P. O. Box 1575 2. The Epistle of Jude refers to irom: California Oakland,

OF MORMONSend me at $4.00 per copy.copies of ANCIENT AMERICA AND THE BOOK ahour"periodthatof hadtimebeenlike predictedJohn's "lastby

Name the Apostles of Christ. Keep in

Address mind that this letter was written

Cash Check Money Order because of the dangerous doctrines that were being spread among the

Saints by false teachers, who were "denying our only Master and Lord"(v, 4), were rejecting all authority (v. 8,) and were submitting to the evil inclinations of

their carnal natures (vs. 8, 10, 12,

16, 23). The passage I have espeGREYHOUND'S cially in mind is found in verses 17

and 18. Rather literally translated,

Great Fall RoundUp it reads:

of But do you, beloved, remember the words spoken beforehand by the apostles

TRAVEL BARGAINS of our Lord Jesus Christ; they said to

you, "At the end of the time [or, at the..We're making lastfers, stagewalkingof theaftertime]theirthereownwill beungodlyscofBARGAINS in Group Trips the NEWH0USE lusts."(Author's rendition.)

to Fall Events. newagain! whichI havespecialitalicizedattentionthe shouldwords beto

is called. the the of meant "end by one What Newhouse The in BARGAINS RoundTrip and West isthe of hotels great the the Essentially of time"? same greater it to make going we're Fares (Save on Re20% been haven't If you ever. than epistle, in his thing meant by John see in and drop recently, there Trips). turn

for yourself. last dithat the period of or hour

vine authority of the early Church

BARGAINS in Amazing was at hand. Jude goes on to

America Tours. characterize the people of whom he

was writing as those "who set up divisions [that is, who are separat- *See Your Greyhound Agent Today! to | hotels! ing or causing separations from the

Church, having little in common

Francisco, r with the spirit of the gospel],

Seattle. worldly people, devoid of the

8See the Catholic writer, L. C. Fillion. The Life

of Christ, III, p. 334

"Cf. Matthew 24:4-5

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Spirit,"to quote the new Revised

Version of the New Testament.

3. The Revelation of St. John

indicates that even the most faithful branches of the Church that remained in John's time were having a hard time of it in cleaving to the faith. Notice the following instances:

(a) Concerning the Church of Ephesus:

I know thy works, and thy labor, and thy patience, and how thou canst not bear them which are evil: and thou hast tried

them which say they are apostles, and are not, and hast found them liars:

And hast borne, and hast patience, and for my name's sake hast labored, and hast not fainted.

Nevertheless I have somewhat against thee, because thou hast left thy first love.

Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen, and repent, and do the first works; LUMBERJACK SYRUP GIVES YOU

and unto thee quickly, I will elseor come his THAT "OLD TIME MAPLE FLAVOR'out of candlestick thywill remove place, except thou repent. (2:2-5.)—SO ECONOMICAL, TOO!

The reader will notice in this as posingpassage that men in the Church. apostles LUMBERIACK SYRUP going aboutwere

Though in this case the branch of the Church in Ephesus put the WITH EVERYTHING YOU EAT WITH SYRUP finger on them as deceivers and liars, we must view the situation as serious and aggravated—especially

acthat Johnso remember when we left (or How | as having thecuses Church

MILKJ |MORNING is its "first love."lost) What the Helps Cut Your Food Bill B| discover meant M scholars phrase? good Someby this

have differed materially in its interpretation. In view of the words ye'gives you more delicious dishes! THAT'Swhich immediately follow, "ReQuern**

member therefore from whence thou When a recipe calls for milk—- usef

art fallen, and repent,"I submit the that Ephesus was itChurch at mm %0***+"* but a favorable self in anything spiritual condition. For the Church Vi Morning Milk Vi Water

to lose or leave its "first love"is you save op to 2S% nothing but an orientalism which expresses the strained relations existing between the members and When a recipe calls

God, who once had their love and for cream—use

affection. Notice in the Book of Morning Milk

Jeremiah the same idea. Here the undiluted

reminds Lord Israel of her early you save up to 75% "i of love him:

I remember for thee the affection of thy youth, The love of thine espousals;

How thou wentest after Me in the wilderness,

In a land that was not sown. (Jer. 2:2.)

Jewish Publication Society Version

When John advises the Church So Rich—So Smooth—So Good!

to do its "first works,"he appears that fact the to in mind have the MORNING NALLEY'S BEEF STEW spirserious a in such people were {Continued on page 748) MILK

SEPTEMBER 1950 747 NEW LIGHT ON THE GREAT APOSTASY

of not, are of the synagogue but the Satan."Church had Though HEAR itual condition(Continuedthatfrom theypage 747)needed to

the repeat all of the soulsearching and its faithful at this place, "the devil"good works which they performed was to cast some of them into prison. first place. (2:9, 10.) the prior to entering it in TABERNACLE of the Churches Concerning (b) is referred to as the Pergamos

CHOIR SmyrnaNoticeandthatPergamos:the writer, in replaceChurchwherehere "Satan'salso hadseatits is."faithful,10 The

ferring to the Church in Smyrna, l0Pergamos (better, Pergamum) is known to on mentions the "blasphemy of them have been the headquarters of emperorworship in of Asia, the province was and emperorworship foe of Christianity. the outstanding considered to be Columbia Records which say they are Jews, and are

Volume I Includes:

O My Father Abide With Me c=Llivvna Guide Us, O Thou Great Jehovah eawiew

The Lord's Prayer BY RICHARD L EVANS

A Mighty Fortress I.

have what would to wondering given are People hap- I Volume II Includes: differently: what if done something they had pened

Let the Mountains Shout For Joy would have happened if they had turned the other corner;

Now the Day Is Over what would have happened if they had taken the other

Hallelujah Chorus job; what would have happened if they had married the

Hail, Bright Abode seen if they had have happened other what would man; Supplication Hear My if had they have happened sooner; what would the doctor

, SEND COUPON chosen the other road. Of course, we can't help wonderWe Pay Postage Anywhere ing, but these are things we seldom know for certain.

in the United States We can speculate as to the probabilities of what might i have been, but seldom, if ever, could we definitely deterDAYNES MUSIC CO. mine the full and ultimate consequences of the decisions

South 47 Main Salt Lake City 1, Utah we didn't make or of the things we didn't do. Even if

Please send: differently, we decide back, we did could and even go we I-S6.00 Vol. Choir Album

I Vol. every Play almost Long RecordS3 85 on D] to still cause should have wonder—becauseif Choir Vol. IIS6.00 Album D f possible other II Vol. Play Long on Record—$3.85 many passing up choice means make we

NAME choices. No doubt all of us have some regrets and misour at times how think all of us givings, doubt and no

ADDRESS I lives could our and how wiser been choices could have

CITY & STATE have been better. -But one of the greatest wastes in the I

world is brooding upon the past. This doesn't mean I

FIRST OF ALLRELIABILITY that we shouldn't regret past errors. It doesn't mean that

we shouldn't think how werwould face a similar situation it mean does again. Nor with one should meet if we that f aSOUTH past. Surely theD4547 upon impr6ve repent and shouldn't unes| f)/fjf * we STREET MAIN too much upon SALT LAKE'MimicCITY 1, UTAH Co-. we should and must. But those who gaze

the past, those who think too much about what might have been, are running something of the same risk as the driver who keeps his eyes too much upon his rearview mirror and is inattentive to the road ahead. Experience

is a great teacher. It is the road we have been over. But f

the wrecks in the rear aren't the ones we are now trying * to avoid. It's the curves ahead that count now. Whatever

mistakes we have made, whatever debts we have incurred, whatever duties we have deferred, our only way out is ahead. This is life's inflexible formula. What has been {:

and might have been may well serve as a warning, but what may yet be is our cause of first concern.

READ Uke Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADThe Improvement Era CASTING SYSTEM, JULY 16. 1950

Copyright, King Features 12 issues $2.50

but some members were guilty of teaching the doctrine of Balaam or the teachings of the Nicolaitans. 11

(2:1315.) '(c) Concerning the Churches of ENROLL NOW

Thyatira, Sardis, Philadelphia, and

Laodicea Your church university is enImmorality seems to be the deadly tering its 75th and greatest sin in Thyatira (2:2023), whereas year with an expanded camthe Church in Sardis is accused of

pus, extended curricula, and practically being dead. Notice the

Revised Standard Version reading important anniversary activiin 3:1: "I know your works; you ties. Join the diamond jubihave the name of being alive, and lee celebration.

you are dead."Verse 4 seems to

emphasize the fact: "Yet you have

for a still a few [italics mine] names in Remember these dates—

$rations Ceremony Sardis,their garments;people who..."haveThe notterrificsoiledinroads of apostasy could not be better SEPT. 1—Final application date Cemar

for new students. WAFFLE SET illustrated.delphia is saidTheto haveChurch"littlein power,PhilaBe winsome with waffles? Yes, and yet you have kept my word

you can; gracefully preparing and have not denied my name."SEPT. 20, 21, 22, 23 - Orientathem at table in this deeprose (3:1, Revised Standard Version.) tion and placement

strawberry set... a large batter What is the point here unless the tests for freshmen and

bowl, beating pitcher, sugar name of the Lord was being widely new sophomores.

shaker and serving tray. Irredenied throughout the Church?

sistibly charming...so, so smart! Finally, the condition of the Church

in Laodicea emphasizes the point SEPT. 25, 26—Registration for all

students. that the Church was I am making

its this time and gMwmmMmwWVWitUM at...eoerywhereetter stores very weak at

auinner spiritual power had practicalSEPT. 27—Classwork begins.

CEMAR AVAILABLE AT ZCMI ly disappeared because of the fact that most of the Apostles were gone, and their power and authority were gone with them. John the RevelaWrite for your catalogue to:

tor was alone and unable to cope with the tremendous forces of evil THE Y PRESS which were arrayed against the

Church, both from within and without. The chances are that John was shortly forbidden to preach to the BRIGHAM YOUNG

wicked of that generation, even as the three Apostles and Mormon of UNIVERSITY the Nephite Church were forbidden

PROVO, UTAH to preach to the iniquitous inhabitants of this continent. (Mormon

1:16, 17.) The parallel is worth

some reflection. Professor Weymouth's of 3:1517 Version illusIM USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS trates forcefully the sad condition

of the Church at Laodicea: Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

sore throat and other minor mouth are and throat irritations. your I know...

neither cold nor hot; I doings—youwould that you

were cold or hot! So, because you are HALLS REMEDY neither nor and hot lukewarm

Utah Salt Lake City, out long 1 will vomit you of cold,My mouth.before

[Italics mine.] You say, I am rich, and

in stored stand up, need wealth have and if IN THE MONTHS AHEAD that not nothing; know do you and DRINK of

there is a wretched creature it is you pitiable, poor, blind, naked. IMPROVEMENT

A delightful {Continued on page 750) for those hot beverage $3.00 $2.50 ethics divorced from religion Nicolaitans irThe don't drink coffee. who

mattered that conduct to the view held and year foreign little a AT YOUR GROCERS if one's beliefs were correct. (2:1315.) ERA

SEPTEMBER 1950 749 NEW LIGHT ON THE GREAT APOSTASY (Continued from page 749) Church. It will be remembered that Here Paul is speaking of a situa-

I am frank to conclude that a when he met the elders of the tion which would arise in the careful study of John's words to Church of Ephesus at Miletus, while Church at Ephesus some time in the the seven churches gives the imon his way to Jerusalem, he solemnfuture. We have already seen that

pression that whereas some faithful ly admonished them: what was to happen at Ephesus

souls of remained in the branches to become was in the widespread that after fierce departure I know mythe Christian toward the Church Church at the time to John wrote will you, wolves not sparing come among end of the first century, the overthe flock; and from among your own selves the Seven Churches in Asia. Moreall state of the Church was desperwill arise men speaking perverse things, to over, certain men like those dethe after disciples Therethem. draw awayate. the "last hour."indeed in scribed Paul's It was words, who were

alert, for fore three that be remembering earlier at period a much 4. Even disciples the after "to draw away I to did. night or cease years day not

Paul the Apostle had foreseen the admonish every one with tears. (Acts them,"were among the breed who

coming of a great apostasy in the 20:2931, Revised Standard Version.) materially aided in bringing about

the final downfall of the Church and who continued to rule the hollow shell called the Christian

Church thereafter.

Paul's second epistle to the Thessalonians is impressive in the testimony it bears to the coming of a period of great apostasy in the

Church. It will be recalled that one

of the Apostle's purposes in writing the letter was to assure the Thessalonian Saints that Christ's Second

Advent was not near at hand, nor would he come again unless a great religious revolt or apostasy first took place. As Professor Weymouth, the New Testament translator, points out, in Paul's first letter

he had warned them of the suddenDESIGN NO. 5132 ness of Christ's coming. ( 1 Thess.

5:1-11.) This word suddenness

Five Rooms, Breezeway and Garage had been misinterpreted as immediacy, a mistake which the AposCome in and see the floor plans of this modern tle now corrects. Here are Paul's

fiveroom, onestory rambler. Study the detailed words in Weymouth's translation:

illustrations of this design and note the many Now with respect to the coming of our

Lord Jesus Christ and our gathering to features that result from professional planning. meet him, we entreat you, brethren, not

At the same time, look over the scores of other readilytroubled, toeitherbecomeby unsettledany spiritualin mindrevelaor designs in our Weyerhaeuser 4-Square Home tion or by any word or letter alleged to

Building Service. ofcomethethroughLord isus,alreadyto the here.effect thatLet theno dayone

in any way deceive you, for it cannot come

This Service was developed to help you obtain unless the apostasy comes first [Italics the extra values that come from good design and mine], and the appearing of the man of sin, the son of perdition, who sets himsound construction.. for every home in this self against and exalts himself above every

Service is architectdesigned and Weyerhaeuserso-calledgoes the lengthgod orofobjecttakingofhisworship,seat in andthe engineered. temple of God, giving it out that he himself is God. (I Thess. 2:1-4.)

Among the scores of homes you will find a type

Professor Charles J. Callan, a

and size to fit your needs and budget. BlueCatholic scholar, in his excellent

prints are available. twovolume work, The Epistles of

St. Paul, comments on this passage

as follows:

That "revolt"or apostasy here means a religious defection or falling away from

God is the opinion of St. Thomas and all

modern interpreters. It will be the first

of the great events that shall precede the 750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Parousia [Second Advent].... The use We do not know to whom the not entertain the love of the truth so that

definite the articleof before "revolt"the saved, are be to they on might way is referring Apostle he menwhen [here gives the for he for this revolt Greek perdition. or sends reason And God tions the restraining one who is thatapostasy] the shows that Apostle bedelusion they a fatal or them was may

referring to a definite religious falling away holding back the man of sin. These lieve that lie; in order that all may be

known to his readers: "For many will verses (6, 7) are obscure to us for judged who have refused to believe the

come in my name, saying, 'I am Christ,'the very reason that Paul takes for truth and have taken pleasure in unwill seduceand they many, righteousness. (II Thess. 2:9-12. Weyetc."(Matthew granted that his readers are

II, (Vol. 5 ff.)xxiv, 234.) mouth. )

familiar with the instructions he had once given them concerning this In accordance with Paul's predicIt is obvious that Paul had warned his readers about the compoint. It would be very interesttions, "fatal heresies"(II Peter 2:1,

ing of "the man of sin"and other ing at this day to know what man or Weymouth) were cunningly introwicked forces that would work on power prevented the forces of evil duced into the Church and brought the Church, but he also told them (the Antichrist) from overcoming its downfall. The Church "fled into

that these forces would be held off the Church at an earlier period than the wilderness"(Rev. 12:6), which

or restrained somewhat until an it did. Speculation has been rife on fact made necessary the latterday

guess would be restoration of the divine power and"appointed time,"a time which is this point. My

the equivalent of John's "last hour": that some powerful spiritual person authority which it once held. This

in the Church was the restraining restoration was in turn something

Do you not remember that while I was power until such time as the Lord which John the Beloved saw when still with you, I told you this? And now allowed him to be taken or slain. he reported:

restrains that him, he whatyou know this rethe permitted Lord When fly in the midst another angel I saw And his revealed at be only appointedmay to the straining force removed, be gospel the everlasting of having heaven, istime. in at lawlessness For already work divine of Church's the "last hour"the dwell that to unto them on preach [Italicssecret in secret mine]; but only

for, Paul: says authority come, to kindred, nation, earth, had and every and

it until is rerestrains the man who now people, tongue, and and moved, and then the lawless one will be The appearing of the lawless one will Saying with a loud voice. Fear God, and

revealed, whom the Lord Jesus will slay be attended by all sorts of miracles and give glory to him; for the hour of his

with the breath of His mouth, and oversigns and delusive marvels—for so Satan judgment is come: and worship him that

whelm by the Manifestation of His Presworks—and by every kind of wicked demade heaven, and earth, and the sea, and

ence. (II Thess. 2:5-8. Weymouth.) ception for those who, because they did the fountains of waters. (Rev. 14:6, 7.)

OIL DRAMSUMMER WORM

REPLACE WITH MR Premium (utoco U T O CO MOTOR OIL UTOCO UTOCO FlNEST we've ever made in Lubricate ttrjll our 41 year history. Drive for safety

every miles WQTOB in wherever you see 1000 the Utoco sign. UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

41st Year of Progress

SEPTEMBER 1950 751 WORTHY OF EMULATION

{Continued from page 699) family. They celebrated their goldGeorge F. Junior, and LeGrand, en wedding anniversary in 1 932 and

who has further honored his father were indeed gratified at the noble in his position as Presiding Bishop. posterity with which they had been

Their daughters have all married blessed, a posterity that delights in the temple. Sister Richards to follow after the word of God

loyally supported her husband in rather than seek the delights of all of his activities and maintained men. Sister Richards passed away

an ideal home for him and for their April 1946. On July 20, 1947,

0'&fvjxjOOr&vtOr*Or f "J./ 7nti

BY RICHARD L EVANS

Perhaps periodically we should look at the principles that prompted the Pioneers and Pilgrims of the past.

Mostly they were men who wanted wider opportunity than the ways of the old world offered, who wanted to live according to conscience, who wanted freedom not only for themselves but also for their children and their children's children. The oppression and abuses which had been imposed upon them and their forebears were ever fresh in

their minds, and they proceeded to see, as best they could, that such things. should not soon recur. They fought..-,-for.

Bound Volumes of f freedom;freedom; theythey livedlived forfor freedom;freedom; somesome ofof themthem dieddied forfor

childrenchildren livedlived toto seesee freedom.freedom. havehave thethe & AndAnd wewe theirtheir the ERA make valucherishedcherished ofof thethe thatthat freedomfreedom & fruitsfruits byby ourour waswas soso muchmuch

able reference books. & fathers.fathers. AndAnd notnot onlyonly we,we, butbut thethe restrest ofof thethe world,world, &

& looklook toto thisthis landland asas thethe symbolsymbol andand thethe substancesubstance ofof thethe fruits,:,..,,.,.,, that has -,...,. freedom done, Preserve more for more each issue for perof freedom—a

manent binding. for that people than has produced men, any more more

other way has ever been able to do, at any time, under

A fine addition to any any conditions. But despite the demonstrated fruits of

freedom it seems that there are always some who seek to library, both for value enslave. There are always some who seek to impose their

of contents and applanning and their purposes and their power upon other people. There are also some who have assumed, because pearance.

freedom is subject to some excesses and abuses, that freedom has failed. Nothing could be further from the fact.

Economical It is likely that in this life there will always be abuses. But

the fact remains that a finer, fuller, freer way of life has $2.50 per volume been found when free men have been free to decide for

themselves and to realize the rewards of their own efforts.

F.O.B. City Salt Lake that acceptable he has an found who feels And any man (Postpaid, add 30c)

is this mistaken. substitute for freedom hour At we are

thankful for the faith, for the purpose, and for the re1949 Index is now sources that freedom has provided for the defense of freedom. And in all that we do, in all that we are, in all that

ready so send your we sacrifice, we must keep evermost in mind, even in

ERAS for binding to meeting emergencies, that the overall objective is freedom—the freedom of our fathers, freedom for our children, freedom for us and for all. Thank God that our

DESERET NEWS PRESS endPilgrimwasandfreedom.Pioneer fathers were mindful that the ultimate

Jke spoken Word from temple SQUARE 40 Richards St. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, JULY 23. 1950

Salt Lake City Copyright 1950

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President Richards married Bessie

Hollings, and she has brought him happiness and comfort during their L. D. S. Business College

brief time together.

orderly Richards Elder had an all FALL QUARTERmind, his addresses and were marked with deep thought and orderly array of the facts and ideas Begins that he had marshalled to drive home the points that he wished to TUESDAY, SEPT. 5, 1950

make. He was analytical and

studious in his approach, and his organization and thoughfulness made his messages strike home. ask about

Those who listened to his sermons were impressed by the logic of his SPECIAL RATES thinking and the orderliness of the for development of his speeches. Returned Missionaries

The qualities that President Richards possessed are those that the entire membership of the Church could Get new free booklet emulate. He early learned the L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE 70 North Main

value of work, and from the time Salt Lake City, Utah he was fifteen, he worked hard at manual labor in order to help provide for his father's family. He also

learned early to be considerate - of IN TIMES LIKE THESE - - to reserve judgment unothers and til all the facts were available. He

practised humility in his own life and in the evaluation of his conIMPROVEMENT tributions to the Church, and yet paradoxically, he was ever intensely proud of his family, a pride that they have justified through the livesthey have led. At the time of his is more important than ever before.EM

death, his posterity numbered thirIn the months ahead special features will make the ERA very desirable teen living children, sixtyone in your home.

grandchildren, eightynine greatit to your friendsgrandchildren. M, C. /. $2.50 a year—$3.00 foreign—Send

Excerpts from President George F. Richards'INSTALL A k

BEAUTIFUL Conference Talks << X-Joly men of God, enjoying the Bradley Hardwood Floor

Holy Ghost, under its influence, gave to us the scriptures, ancient and In Your Home modern, and it is a commandment of the Lord that we search the scriptures, NEW OR OLDfor in them they "testify of me."7

"To receive a fulness of joy here BRADLEY WOOD BLOCK FLOORING and hereafter, as intended of the Lord, makesor overa anbeautifulexistingfloor,floor.easilyThis installedflooring inis aproducednew homein MORRISONMERRILL & CO

Dept. H-l or nail installation for mastic Pecan, Beech, on and Oak, live the righteous Christlike mustwe North 205 3rd West subfloors. or concrete wood

City Salt Lake 16, Utahlife; effectual render and service to finished factory Blocks are supplied or at the Bradley

blocks are finished produced with The a Please more to our fellow men. andGod The finish that establishes elastic seal an and unfinished.wax on UNITinforsendBRADLEYme

resistant to resurface hard wear. Maintenance liferighteous inspires love of FLOORING. BLOCK God mationWOOD

frequent and hardtoughquires cleaning occasional drymopping and only of fellow men and opens the avenue and waxing. Name...

of communication and help from the

AddressLord, which is so necessary to success MORRISONMERRILL & CO.

Distributors Material City Statein effectual service."Building

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH {Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1950 753 Excerpts from Conference Talks NEW DRIPLESS (Concluded from preceding page) PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET 'What an honor it is, and we should so regard it, to be privileged to work with Automatic Locking folding handles with the Father and for the Father in the accomplishing of his purposes, looking to the saving of souls. I wonder if we fully apprecriate this honor."

When You Come "I have a friendly feeling toward all

To Our House those who hear my voice, and toward all mankind. I hope that feeling is

—you con be certain of having reciprocated. I would like to do somethese three important things: a thing for my friends, but what can I

comfortable, nicelydecorated do? I remember the Apostle Peter on

room, convenient access to one occasion when there was an afshopping and entertainment, and some of the tastiest food flicted person pleading for aid, said, you've ever eaten. Besides that, 'money I have not, but such as I have,

we do our level best to make I give freely unto you. Be ye healed.'

feel at you home. glad We're healed. he was consists 2 of Set bread pieces, a to see to And you and you we want

to I to give not have my "Money it. soon. know Come in tray, beautiful appearwater as a and but numerous, friends are so who

witness for the Lord Jesus Christ, I ing plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk those to who point the way would life White). Note the large sturdy handles of the understood way have not

(all handles are Crystal) that autoand salvation—the way into that narHotel row path that leads to that goal. And matically lock in place. Handles fold

the path entered those to who have down, out of the way, when not in

I deviate neither to counsel them would Temple Square to the right nor to the left, but pursue use; requiring only 1/3 the space of

Clarence L. West, Manager a straightforward course, that when old type sets.

they reach the end of the trail they will not be disappointed with their life's work."Water trays feature a special rim

around each individual cup opening as well as around outer edge of tray.

Maori Chief Predicts ALL ALUMINUM Coming of Missionaries Thisience practicallyof drippingeliminateswater. Thisinconvenis a

TRIPLE TitACK STORM WINDOWS {Continued from page 698) special patented feature.

AND FINEST people who received all the coveSTORM nants of the fulness of the gospel ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY

DOORS came from that one tribe. ThouSets available at Presiding Bishop's

sands belonging to all native tribes

Keep City, Utah - Salt Lake Out of race the Maori had joined the j! Office Drafts Cold Direct but only from Church Church or Order members

Save on belonging to the tribe referred to

Fuel in the "covenant"came to the temples during that fortyyear-period THE PLASTICAL COMPANY

Stop Sweaty and thereby fulfilled all the ordi405 Centinela Ave., Ingiewood, Calif.

Windows nances. After 1921 Latterday

EASY TERMS Saints from the other tribes started to the since that temple coming and

Call or Write SEND YOUR FRIENDS received the of date have blessings

AT HOME OR ABROAD sealing in considerable powerSTOACO INTERMOUNTAIN, INC. the

in the stated numbers. it was As

4847 So. State, Murray. Utah "covenant,"they would learn that

MURRAY 955 they were "the lost sheep of the IMPROVEMENT

SALT LAKE 9-4107 house of Israel."They did learn

this from the testimonies of the of representatives your Please one have free give us a call and estimate. (( elders, and they were, and are, the EM

only missionaries who have ever One of the great Church Name the told that people they Maori are magazines of the World

Israel. of the Address of they Also House

Town State would be assured of "the increase S2.50 a year $3.00 foreign

of the race."During the years

prior to 1881 the population had 754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA been consistently declining, and there were those who prophesied Jus, off the press! IMPORTANT NEWS!

that within fifty years time the (For Students of the Book of Mormon)

Maori race would be extinct. Believing that the Maori was of Israel,

the L.D.S. missionary reassured It's new, wonderful,

intheirthem that numbers would It's enlightening! a AMERICA ANCIENTcrease, that time since the popuand reli- "must"in your the and

lation has more than doubled gious library.

To commemorate the occasion of MORMONPotangaroa's prophecy and the BOOK OF By $Aoo writing a cement "covenant,"of the 4 hisDR. M,LTON R. HUNTER and THOMAS S. FERGUSON the erected in wasmonument

toric meetinghouse where the convention was held, and the "coveContainsin the Bookwonderful,of Mormon.new material concerning ancient civilizations described

nant"was placed in the monument. Many facts heretofore never published in book form.

In the year 1929, members of the This volume represents years of extensive research and travel in gathering

Ratana Church, a sect of New data for it's writing.

Zealand origin, destroyed the monuIt is one of the few books written on this subject bringing you undeniable ment for the purpose of recovering newExceptionallyproof of ourinterestingSacred volumeto thoseofinterestedscriptures.in the geography and archaeolthe "covenant."They were exogy of the Book of Mormon.

pectantly hoping that they would This book is destined to be the finest of it's kind written to date.

find in the "covenant"prophetic Get your copy early! You'll want to be one of the first to read this exutterances with reference to the ceptional volume.

establishment of the "Ratana"Street,Order SaltyoursLakeby City,mail Utah.or drop in to the Bookcraft Store. 1186 South Main

movement and would thereby be able to convince the natives that their sect was the church for the

Maori race. When the monument

was broken into, however, there was BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAHno "covenant"to be found. Not

having been hermetically sealed in the stone, time and moisture had damaged it beyond any hope of ESPECIALLY DESIGNED recovery.

During the year 1 944 when the writer was presiding over the New

Zealand Mission, he attended a

Church conference in the same vicinity where the convention of

March 1881 had been held and the incidents referred to above took for GROUP place. While speaking at one of PRESENTATIONS

the meetings of the Church gathering, Brother Eriata Nopera told ForBibleRallyis theor Promotionideal choice.DayCompactawards, inthissize,Nationalit has

of his being present, as a very young 16 pages of illustrations, also colored maps and priced. Bible helps. Moderatelyman, at the convention of the special

imitation leather, 19. Flexible, No. 1leaders of the Ngatikahungunu lapping covers, round corners and amberoverTribe in 1881, and of hearing the edges.words ofForChristthe sameprintedstylein butred—askwith thefor

prophecies of Potangaroa about No.For 119RX.individual gift or presentation,

the coming of the true church to the No. 123 or 123RL with genuine leather

Maori people. At the close of the overlapping covers with gold edges.

meeting a Maori sister requested her husband to proceed immediately to their residence a mile or so distant and bring back a document national bibles which he would find rolled in brown BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION paper at the bottom of her trunk.

return the he handedUpon his FOR HEADQUARTERS L. D. S. W to his wife,package she then and IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA 4 kinvited Brother Nopera and the HOTEL LANKERSHIM

7TH AND BROADWAY KING'S REST YE MOTELwriter to her to another accompany the Center of the "In City"Very 526 5th STREET SOUTH from $3.50 with bath it to Roomsroom where she handed

Dr. B. Foutz, Harold Owner Grill and Dining Room unrolling theBrother Nopera. Upon Foutz, H. Manager Edgar R. WISHON, Operator FRANK paper,brown he discovwrapping Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout CALIFORNIA LOS ANGELES

{Concluded on following page) SEPTEMBER 1950 755 MAORI CHIEF PREDICTS COMING OF MISSIONARIES WHAT IS YOUR (Concluded from preceding page) granted, and thus a true copy of It HAIR PROBLEM rapher'sered thatpictureit containedof the "covenant"a photogthehad "covenant"been in the waspossessionpreserved;of one

which had been sealed up in the family down through the years and cement monument in Ngatauewaru concealed from public view as a meetinghouse in 1881. sacred document until it was pre-

A photographer doing business sented to Brother Nopera in 1944.

* in Masterton in 1881, having heard It is now in the possession of the

MEN of the prophecies of Potangaroa and writer. Hair dry, lifeless,Xunruly, full of that the written "covenant"was to Potangaroa was only one of sevdandruff? L.B adds natural be placed in a cement monument, eral native prophets who foretold

lubrication, grooms, helps control asked the natives for permission to the coming of the L.D.S. missiondandruff. photograph it. Permission was aries to the Maori people.

REPETITION

L. EVANS WOMEN BY RICHARD

is Hair hard to manage? Won't f)NE of the approved ways of teaching and learning

"take"a permanent? Split ends? by the process of repetition. But repetition may be-

L.B. softens, preserves waves, come tiresome to the teacher as well as to those who are

keeps hair sparkling and lovely. being taught. And perplexed parents frequently become

weary with the number of times they have to remind their children of even the simplest precepts and precautions—and

FOR children sometimes impatiently reply: "We've heard all that

THE HAIR before!"No doubt we could save our children many heartNEW L.B. aches, many disappointments, and much lost time if they i

CREAMED would only listen and learn. But discouraged parents have SHAMPOO

IF YOUR HAIR Powdered Egg often despaired. With this in mind, we may well begin to

NEEDS HELP...IT NEEDS l.B. appreciate something of the problems and the patience

of the Father of us all, from whom, all down through the ages, has come a tireless repetition of eternal truths, notwithstanding which, his children continue to go their

Your Every Musical Need own way and continue to get into trouble. Prophets

repeatedly have proclaimed the principles and the penalPromptly and Courteously ties, and their words repeatedly have been recorded for

Filled at men to read and to remember. But notwithstanding the

innumerable times that these timeless truths have been written and read and spoken and heard, and notwiththe children paid, that been penalties have the standing BEESLEY'S learning some insist upon to seem generation of every remember we when can way. the costly If we lessons and HAMLIN MASON our that own generation remember younger, may were we Stradivari of The Pianos that we remember may same; and the we somewhat was

KNABE ourselves didn't always put all the good advice we got

The Piano of the immediately into practice. (Nor do we yet.) But as to

Metropolitan Opera our children: As they grow up and take their places as

parents, they begin to become concerned about their

EVERETT own children; they begin to know what it is that we have

The finest toned, medium been trying so hard to say to them; and they begin to appriced spinet pianos built preciate why. They begin to know that there are no

CABLE - NELSEN new laws of sound and safe conduct in life. They have

Beautiful spinet pianos in all been revealed and known and proved in the past. But impatient goes repetition process of still the on—with the low priced field

it all 5 have heard they parents that to protesting children a high before—and with many of us needlessly paying

Band Instruments price for lessons we might have learned sooner and easier to heed if enough wise less been anguish, with had and we Sheet Music to as foolish not so past, in the and has happened Musical what and Everything. the same under again happen wouldn't things such suppose

or similar circumstances.

BEESLEY MUSIC CO. Revised Jke Spohen Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE i 70 South Main Salt Lake City PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADPhone 4-6518

UTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSE CASTING SYSTEM. JULY 30, Copyright1950 1950

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Barton, J. Cecil Epperson, Gerald row: Geraldine Fluckiger, Ninth Burton G. Smith, L. JUNE 5, Jordan HOME ENTERING MISSIONMISSIONARIES Harris, Paul R. A. Moscon, L. Steffen, Frank Stein, Beverly Patricia Tommy Alice Partridge, Ann 1950 JUNE 14, L. AND DEPARTING I. Alsop, Iven Garvin, S. Grant Guymon, Duane Christensen.

Bytheway. Alvin G. Brown, Verla Louise Larsen, Georgia row: Fourth

first Blanche right, row: left to from Reading J. Bunting, E. Robert Rigby, Jex, Bertrand Arlene Hilton, Sorensen, Kent Maurice C. row: Tenth Erum, Hazel Hensley, Jenkins, RuthBeutler, Lera Karl K. Gilbert A. Allenbach, Wood, M. Herman B. Bill Maynard Bodine, G. Jenson, D. Clarence R. D. Gygi, Leland Elizabeth Moody, Preator,Donna Larry Lee. Haslem, Lynn West, Rogers. Thomas Griffin, Poulton, C. W. James C. Rossiter, Kent A. Fox,Hale, Minnie Douglas E. Lewis, Hacking, Don Leah Colleen Fifth row: Delbert Hansen, Rossiter, A. JamesChild, George L. McLaughlin, Mark W. Richard row: Eleventh J. Teuscher. Lewis Strobel, Hulet, Sylvester R. Stubbs, Markforman, Glen Clinton Grover, K. Richard Nicoll, A. Worth Cram, Beus, Kissell, Colleen Sixth row: Hazel Dawn Coy. Virginia Kunz, Iverson, Thelma D.Amasa H. B. Glen Tanner, Cleon Nelson, Norton, Dale W. Marchant, Glen Shurtleft, Adams, Carolyn Ramona

Ball, Cluff. June Gilbert, Bobbie LaVell Eldredge, row: Dean Lu Second Weiser. Millar, Paul A. Max

Richins, llene Kleespies, Russell, BarbaraGeraldine MartinBetty Ashcroft, Ann Grant row: Seventh J. Atkinson, Klein, Sherwin Joe row: Twelfth Clark, Susie B. Sheldon, Coltrin, RobertEdward Spencer, Christensen, Mavis Ezma son, Wilma L. R. Richins, Samuel EIRay Austin Harper, Victor

L. CritJr., Searle, R. Merton Paul Clark,William Welch. Blauer, Harold Nelson, W. Jack Gerrard, W. Louise Clayson, Harris, Harold C.tenden, Calvin W. A. Paul Johnson, Webb, O. Eighth Melvin row: Gurney. A. R. John Snow, Donald Hansen. Beryl ColleenMartin, Abraham, Clawson J. Ernest Heslop, T. W. Ivan Hardman, Heber

Lombardi. Fifield, Oreste A. row: Glen Thirteenth Robert Lord, David E. Halford, W. David Maples, Lunt, Lugene Ila Cluff, Mary Mrs. Third row: Norman Pancheri, Joseph Mark row: Fourteenth WilRoberts, Beryl Graver, A. W. Wells Carl Putnam, Holmes, Delia Madsen, MaeThornock, Dorothy

Waerkom. Jr., Van Thackeray. I. Colton, George liam Alldredge, Clifford C. Richard Cook, Spear,D.

mone wast

Most metropolitan daily newspapers throughout America serve one city and its suburbs.

Not so The Salt Lake Tribune. This daily

metropolitan is called "Our Tribune"in more than 400 towns and cities throughout the states of Utah. Idaho. Nevada and Wyoming,

Every morning before breakfast copies of The Tribune are delivered to doorsteps in these towns... and in each paper

"hometown news"plays a prominent role.

To make this coverage possible. The Tribune maintains a

large staff of "local correspondents"who report news of towns in their areas to The Tribune by special, leasedwire teletype and telephone circuits. In seven key communities in Utah and Idaho

The Tribune maintains "bureaus"or branch offices which are in fact major extensions of The Tribune editorial room located in Salt Lake City...

Another reason why this newspaper is known as "One of America's Great Newspapers 19

THE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE

SEPTEMBER 1950 757 Second Largest LD.S.

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSION HOME Rae Jones, Marie C. Peshel, Florence H. Crump,

JUNE 19, AND DEPARTING JUNE 28, 1950 HillmanVilate Tolman,Packer, ClaireMarilynGilchrist,Frank, HelenElla LouMoss,Hawkes,Lola

Lucile Ursenbach, Evada Orme, Bernice Bullock.

First row: Robert Lee Hamric, Dwayne f. Larsen,

LaDell Gillman, Kenneth M. Smith, F. Earl MatheSixth row: John Hollingshead, Carol Nord, Ramona

son, Ray H. Wood, William J. Critchlow III, David Ranzenberger, Vilda Johnson, E. Lynn Tucker, Reva Bradshaw, Wayne W. Randall, Hyrum Wendell

L. Robins, William F. Means, Dallas Burnett, Fred Janson, Ruth Ballard, Loma Hansen, Leon Tillett, Smith.

H. Nelson, Max M. Angle, Orlin Grant Colvin. Anna Martin Madsen, Theodor Alfred Madsen,

Elaine Taylor, Theodocia Hymas, Esther Hadlock, Tenth row: Elmo Jay Daley, Charles John Maurer,

Second row: Donald G. Paget, Mark H. Beckstrom, Norma Rohde, Georgia Dawn Johnson, Connie E. Ewell Gene Wade, Richard F. Blint, Fred H. Peck,

Ray H. Banks, Glen B. Goodrich, J. Keith Slade, Cowan, Viola Foote, Lucille Whitehead. Grant Rowley, Don Blake Dallin, Max Hill, Willis

Alma Charles Eitner, Jr., E. Allan Rosenwall, R. Pulver, F. Karl Egan, Roger Lee Bown, John K.

Donald Cluff, Lynn E. Zabriskie, Clifford W. Smith, Seventh row: Ross W. Haws, Ardis Meservy, Aloma Crandall, Con L. Taylor, John William Ridge, Daryl

Bryant F. Merrick. Call, Verlene Nelson, Shirley E. Call, Etna Guymon, L. Garfield, Richard Miles, B. Paul Harrison.

Barbara B. Hansen, Marie Rohbock, Norma McRae,

Third row: Donald C. Ashford, Dell T. Harmon, Gerald H. Gilford, Joseph Lyle Owens, Roland S. Eleventh row: James Crook, Layton Ott, William

Orlin E. Ford, David P. Forsyth, Rondo E. Whiting, Jackson, L. Donald Long, Ezra John Nixon, Jr., Vaughan, Richard L. McKay, Lynn Shawcroft, Edward

John T. Smith, Darrell D. Tanner, Reed L. StolLeonard C. MacKay, Roy A. McClellan, Barbara R. Packham, Fredrick William Wach, Max Donald

worthy, Rey H. McCombs, Reed Payne, Glenn L. Page, Nina Mae Argyle, Norma Weight. Hughes, John Darrell Zeeman, John Albert Osburn,

Momberger, Carroll F. Harrison, Frederick van Richard Allen Aldous, Robert Lester Glade, Laurence

Wynen, Don M. Weaver, Gary B. Garlick. Eighth row: Ben LaMar Hopkins, Ida Lucile E. Reichmann, Blaine N. Howard, Neil H. Larsen,

Boudrero, Kerma C. Merrill, Veloy Lewis, Kathryn Kenneth Alford, Robert R. Perkes.

Fourth row: Lee LaVell Mclntire, Richard D. S. Welling, Jan Frampton, Dawn Bennion, Barbara Lyn

Kwak, Dorothy Hulet, Barbara Kohler, Benita West, Marian Bennion, L. Ray Gardiner, Leo W. Twelfth row: Lloyd A. Larson, Jr., John S. Miles,

Ontiveros, Bonita Burgess, Cleo Bagley, Jillyn Goaies, Joseph A. Bagnall, Garnt J. Swenson, James Darrell L. Kasteler, J. Elmer Collings, Howard

Wintch, Don B. Colton, Director; Sara Beth Barnes, Oren Sill, Duane Baldwin, Darrell F. Smith, Donald Sanders, Dean Luddington, Heber Andrus, Lloyd K.

Marian Wilkinson, Bessy Bartholomew, Glenavere Scott Wilkinson. Bishop, Stanley S. Bishop, Heber Fullmer, Carl G.

Robison, Marcia Zella Brandham, Betty Harris, Johnson.

Joyce Tate, Joyce Briscoe, Faye Eileen Smith. Ninth 'row: James R. Jensen, Lynn Gardner, James

W. Geddes, Stanley M. Smoot, Duane Martin, James Thirteenth row: Bert Earl Swenson, Glen Soren

Fifth row: Francis Lenore Mills, Ernest LeRay M. Rushforth, Jack H. Matkin, Robert D. Wilson, Larson, George Robert Ault, Mac Rae BartholoHallsted, Jack T. Fuller, Arden J. Palmer, Almon Melvin Carl Green, Leo James Hill, Ernest Lichfield, mew, Don Ray Clegg, Phil Mario Gillies, Louis C.

Lee Petersen, Robert E. Borg, John R. Lundgren, Dean Crandall, H. Richard Glissmeyer, Dean H. Midgley, Sheridan L. Hanseen, Sherman R. Hanseen,

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Missionary Class* Eighteenth row: James Condie, Edward G. MarHarvey, Dean W. Bitter, Edward H. Southwick,

shall, Richard J. Galbraith, Howard E. Dranstield, LaVon G. Urie, R. William Bradford, Dan Curtis

Palmer Clark, Wayne Gygi, Lowell J. Stratford, Perry, Donald Keith Fowles, Franklin Kay Gibson,

Mack T. Dastrup, Whorton Allen, Fred LeRoy Hill, Donn R. Amott, Arnold C. Larsen, Gary J. Loveridge,

Jr., J. Howard Terry, William E. Latimer. Earl W. Snell.

Biorn, Harold row: Twentyfourth Paul Oborn, Don S. Richard Travis G. Haycock, row: Arnold, Bevan K. Charles Thompson, Nineteenth Gordon

Carl Wilkinson, Anderson, Anderson, Dahl George Bentley, Carlsen. Leslie Craig Hunter, Haws, Phelps, Durrans, Vern Robert

Gillespie, Hatch, Floyd Richard Duke, HamDon E. S. Millard Chappell, Johnson, Robert Mark N.

J. L. row: Scott, Condie, Fourteenth Gene Don mond. T. Hales, Richard H. Wilde, Rowley, Talmage Robert

J. Clair Wallis Blomquist. Keate, Richard John Lott, Whipple. Judd, Blake Melvin Paul Conrad Oliverson, Twentyfirst row: Keith HigginEugene Jr., Kirk, Farrell Leon Robison, Blaine Albert W.

Keith G. son, Douglas Williamson, Harker, Harold Gorzitze, L. Ivie, P. Hinckley, Twentieth Douglas Vernon Edwin row: Richard C. David Hudson, Wood,

Pont. Goaslind, Glen Holmes, Thomas W. E. Davis, L. S. C. Kezerian, Eldon Burgoyne, Richard Ronald H. Dewsnup, Greaves, Hinckley Duane Reed

Packard, Robert L. Beecroft, William J. Maynes. Jesse Asay, Rulon W. Cluff, John Ray Hamblin, Twentysixth row: Warren Davis, Harold Jones,

L. Wilkins, Bigler, Albin Richard Orton G. Matson, Fallentine, C. R. Ivan Johnson, Eugene Norman

J. Fifteenth row: Stanley C. Myles Dewsnup, Ranquist. L. William Knight, Swenson, Davis, Lester Max Kent

Berrett, G. D. Paul Jones, Vere Grant Winward, Jr., Irvin Bird, D. step) side, Ludwig, (east N. on E. Nelson, Twentyseventh H. Richard row: Brian Jarvis, Berrett, Johnson, John LeRoy Kenneth Dee Merlin Stevens. F. K. Barker, Winters, Murray Smith, Richard Don HeslingCutler, Clifford Karren, Wallace N. Howard

F. Nielsen, Lind, K. Richardson, Calvin Lyman, Don L. ton. Carlisle Nielsen, Twentyfirst row: Wendol M.

L. McAllister, Straw, Floyd TrimLeRay Steven W. J. Skinner, Barnett, Murray, Rulon Dean Dean

ble. Erickson, row: Skeen, Sixteenth Duane LaMar D. Sutcliffe, Lloyd Porter, M. Norman James W.

Elton, D. Lee, Mitchell, Ralph Darrel David Wayne Bill (First Orval Balcony: row) Edwards, L. Ivin West Clyde, Christensen, Parker, A. Clyde Jack

J. Swainston, K. William Newell Wendell Duncan, J. row) Penrod, (Second Wilde, Skousen, J. Ray W. JohnRobert Holt, A. LaPhel Christensen, Bruce

S. Burton, Marshall Jim Bench, Judkins, James Fife, Palmer, (Third row) Geddes, Dale son, P. Tom Don Schmuhl. Evan

I. Raty, Despain, K. Taylor, Dale Lawrence Bob Charles Milton Embleton, Hammond. W.

R. D. row: Grant, Hutme, Droubay. John Twentysecond M.

E. Jones, East Balcony: Brunner, Richard Harold S. F. Kyle Clayton Joseph Barton, Ransom, McJensen. Wendell Floyd Gibby, Seventeenth Dale row: N. W. L. Blair Coats, Conkie, Clyde Dutson, N. Richard

Hatch, D. Stevens, R. Richard Robert Cragun, L. Sprunt, John Beck, C. Hepworth, Darwin W.

the missionaries F. of 387, above number group Kelvin R. Budge, *The Arthur Edwin Brewer, Jack L. P. T. Lee Stephensen, Robert Memmott, Duane

the in J. to Mission largest together L. come second Jenkins, A. Home Morris Jack David Hooper, Mower, R. Paul Bond. Cox,

the at group, largest assembled at time. Shurtleff, one C. James Coray, Watts, The Leonard Herman

Arthur C. Day. Twentythird row: Lawrence W. Urry, Robert E. home on June 21, 1948, numbered 443.

SEPTEMBER 1950 759 <H4t

CORRECTION its covers. The poems are all so beautiful also, and it makes

one realize more than ever what a wonderful gift has been

The Improvement Era wishes to correct the omission bestowed on the people as a whole.

of the credit line for the photographs used in the article Now I am a threeday old member of the Church, and I can never thank the missionaries enough for bringing the

FOREBEARS AND POSTERITY IN THE gospel to me. Thanks to all the parents who sacrifice to send

PACIFIC ISLES them, to the teachers who taught them, to Joseph Smith for restoration of the gospel, and to Jesus Christ for giving it by E. S. Craighill Handy and Mary Kawena Pukui, and pubto me.

lished in the August issue. The photographs were graciously Sincerely,

supplied by Bernice P. Bishop Museum, Honolulu, Hawaii. Mrs. Ernest L. Mason

<J!

Keams Canyon, Arizona

that very been I have happy to know I am Indeed, conTHE LIGHT TOUCH as to receive sidered Saints Indian such our one among gift splendid Era. Improvement a The off in distinguished Bostonian, stopping City Salt Lake A its I familiar conwith the magazine and wholesome am Pacific his to the the Coast, acquaintance of a on made way leaders. tents, the of our writings also Church good many girl. little Latterday Saint

I I benefit receive believe sincerely that good can much her. said to "I "I'm he Boston,"from suppose you know

I it this appreciate very reading magazine, and do from is?"Boston

I this where efforts those to thank have whose much. made want

I little girl the yes, eagerly. do,""Oh, answered "Our

gift possible.

there."a has missionary School Sunday

it after reading I shall to other Indian members along pass

it.

I want to thank you again for this special gift, and may of sisters of brothers bless every each one you and and God it his job, tired of floorwalker, the joined and gave up A this gift possible. the have made who Ward later force. friend police Several a months him asked how Brother remain your & Sister WeUniversity liked replied, being a policeman. "the he "Well,"he pay and

/s/'Shing. Mardell Samuel and

I is like best the but that the hours are good, customer what is always wrong."

Penticton, B. O, Canada

Dear Editors:

am enclosing my renewal subscription to The Improve-

I ment Era. If a man makes a stupid mistake, men say: "What a fool &

Two missionaries gave this to me as a gift when I was a that man is."

nonmember of the Church. I have received much help If a woman makes a stupid mistake, men say: "What fools V

and enlightenment from the wonderful articles enclosed in women are!"

LAMANITES PARTICIPATE IN ST. JOSEPH STAKE M.I.A. DANCE FESTIVAL

s May 2, 1950 the St. Joseph Stake

M.I.A. held its annual dance festival

in Pima, Arizona. Each ward prealong with several sented two numbers

after musical mixers numbers, and which a dance was held.

The highlight of the evening was an

Apache dance by Indians from the San

Carlos reservation at Bylas. Twenty

young boys and girls participated in dress. Sister Brother native and

SisBrother Butler with and Reuben ter Arthur Lee are doing a wonderful % brethren with our Lamanite work at % Charles Brother Bylas. and Sister

Beals, St. Joseph Stake M.I.A. dance %

directors, time have spent much and % in teaching the Lamanites effort with them our dances. %

for the Indians nice chapel A has h built the St. Stake, and Joseph been by

each day results from the combined efforts of all can be seen.

Submitted by Olive Nash Hoopes

OV&VjQrxx! 760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What are housewives doing at

... Listening to

MARGARET MASTERS'KITCHEN!

Margaret Masters is a homemaker

r herself, and shares the problems of k icause a home and rearing children. And

in her friendly, chatty fashion she dispatches valuable tips on cooking running the home, Mrs. Masters is

i >t indeed a welcome guest. If you're

already one of Margaret's friends, ou'll want to be. You'll want to join the

thousands of other housewives wh tune in regularly for a visit on 'Margaret Masters'Kitchen,"heard Monday through Friday at 8:45 a.m. on i

KSL he Fabric of Life - - How like the work of the hand rug weaver is a wellplanned life; each movement of the shuttle

interlocking the warp and woof, to create a beautiful and useful pattern with substance, accent, and

I design.

In weaving the fabric of your life, have you

included an adequate life insurance program?

'* T M

"LB. s...:>f"9 '*%'

INSSEAtteijggVeOJkPAIIY Sail L.kf City, Utah