including 16 pages of fullcolor photographs of memorable sacred scenes in the Holy Land - - Part of a Great University A Great Campus

H'11 1 |IKill 111 IHIIIIBIllIi

IIIJ mill

i

New Smoot Administration Building and fountain illuminated at night.

What makes a university great? Some of the Administration Building, above, and the millionvol-

factors are an outstanding faculty, a student body of ume Library have just opened. Construction is under

high quality, and adequate physical facilities. way on the Y Student Center and housing for 462

Brigham Young University is one of the great unifamilies of married students. And soon will come a

versities of the world. Its students of high moral charmagnificent Fine Arts Center.

acter and scholarship come from every state in the But there also is a PLUS at this great university—

nation and many foreign countries to study with a it provides spiritual growth in addition to the academic dedicated faculty trained in a hundred universities and physical, and retains all of the friendliness and and colleges. personal attention of the small college. Plan NOW

And in this day of advanced technology and reto attend.

finements in education, BYU has grown to a campus of 96 permanent academic and housing buildings with REMEMBER THESE DATES excellent classrooms and laboratories. The beautiful

Midsemester registration for reCLIP AND MAIL turning missionaries, servicemen, others by arrangement Nov. 10

TO: Public Relations Department 2nd Semester Registration Feb. 5, 6

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

Please send me free of charge additional information

about BYU. I am especially interested in Brigham Young

Name

Address UNIVERSITY City State PROVO - UTAH eLTJNE IT...

SbWlttE IT

For goodness sake, SALTINE ITBY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS. JR.

with Purity *

artificiallyFlowering delayed

plant The cocklebur has been Supreme Saltine studied intensively at California

Institute of Technology and elsewhere. This plant will only flower Crackers

to that nights are exposedwhen /%? %": ijs KZSv, eight onehalf hours than andmore

long. Exposure to artificial light

which makes the nights shorter will if a flash flowering orprevent of Zmt'i.-: the during long minuteslight a few

night is given. If one leaf is pro-:- m

tected from the light and experiences;;P\

even one long night, the whole

I'/.W.'-VA.plant will flower. To survive poor pUR|T

seasons the cocklebur fruit has two seeds, one of which germinates the spring after it matures, while the $B second waits another year beforesprouting. Rotating searchlights are %|ME ''<-:

used in Hawaii to prevent flowering in sugar cane and thus increase the yield of sugar.

Animal broad jump Ross E. Hutchins in Natural HisThin and crisp Purity Supreme Saltine Crackers do

tory has summarized some jumping records as follows, for broad jump: wonderful, flavorright things for all the other good

whitetailed deer 40 feet, puma 38, foods you serve. They're doub/e-wax wrapped to

kangaroo 32, horse 27, and jack rabbit 23.3; for high jump: whitestay fresher, longer, too. Get the sparkling package

tailed deer 8 feet, puma 9, kangaroo 9, horse 8.5, and jack rabbit 7. with the red Supreme diamond trademark, and, for

Zero pasture goodness sake, whatever you serve, saltine it...

An estimated increase of milk per with Purity Supreme Saltines.

acre of grass of 40 percent has been obtained by cutting the grass twice a day, chopping it up and taking it SUPREME BAKERS lot. the in feedto the cows This elimDENVER AND trampling, forage loss ofinates by

SALT LAKE CITYdroppings, and fickle appetites. The SUPREME

technique is called soilage or "zero pasture."

NOVEMBER 1961 773 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums. Mutual Improvement

Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee; Department of Education,

and other agencies of the (Shurch of )esus Christ of hatterday Saints.

Contents for November 1961 Volume 64, Number 11

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Reality of Jesus the Christ,

President David O. McKay 798

Your Question: The Debt We Owe, President Joseph Fielding Smith 800

"Blessed Are They That Have Not Seen...,"President J. Reuben Clark, Jr... 802

The Church Moves On, 778; Melchizedek Priesthood, The Miracle of the Million Missionaries,

870; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 872.

Special Features

MIA in Orbit - 795 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Changes Made at Fall Conference 796 Art

Visiting the Holy Land, Doyle L. Green 806 Era Staff, 807, 822, 823, 824, 874,

875Censoring the Joseph Smith Story, Conclusion, Hugh Nibley 812

Nagata, 814 Ted Joseph Smith's Contribution to an Understanding of the Mission of Jesus, Heinrich Johan Hoffman, 816

William E. Berrett 816

Whom Do Men Say That I The Son of Man Am? 818 Photos

Our Lord the Christ, James E. Talmage (Era reprint) 820 DeseretAdelbert News,Bartlett,798 top 804

Napoleon on the Character of Christ (Era reprint) 821 Doyle Green, bottom 804, 806, 809,

Christ, the King, Charles W. Penrose (Era reprint) 821 George811, Pickon,825, 826,807,846,left 847,808 848

Map of the Holy Land 822 Three Lions, right 808

Map of Jerusalem - 823 ReligiousRalph Clark,News870Photo Service, 810

Land of the Savior, Glen F. Tarbet 824 Robert Perine, 871

827 Era Staff, 872In the Footsteps of Jesus, Doyle L. Green—

Scenes from the Holy Land, (Color Insert), photographs by

Doyle L. Green 829844

"There Laid They Jesus...,"Doyle L. Green 846

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 852, 854

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 773; Letters and Reports, 792; These Times:

The East Indian Mission, G. Homer Durham, 782.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

November Is a Waiting Month 874

Christmas Cake Suggestions 882

Stories, Poetry The Rivers of Babylon, Part II, Virginia Maughan Kammeyer 814

Poetry 786, 788, 856, 867, 868

THE ERA OF YOUTH Following page 885

THE COVER: City, Salt Street, 11, Offices, Utah Lake North 50 Era Main ImprovementThe detail Friberg's from Arnold A

Editor; Editors; Editor; Associate L. L. Evans, Green. C. and Managing Josephson, Managing L. Zobell, Richard Marba David O. Albert Doyle Still"serves painting "Peace Be

Editorial McKayEditor; Research Patricia Today's Grant. E. Judith Stephan, B. Pinnock, FamilyJr., Kinnear, Middleton, Florence G. Cartef John It depicts as the cover. our November Editor; Editor; Associate Directors, Era Editor; Youth Youth Era Art The The Hanks, Elaine and Reynolds Cannon, D. RalphAssociates: of Maryon, Marion Ed

stilling at apostles of the the moment S. B. Harris. Contributing Editors. F. Bennett, G. Archibald Franklin Sperry, Sidney Nibley, Durham,of Jr., Homer Hugh

sea. to of 85051 the pages Turn Associate Business General Director; General T. Manager; F. Subscription Verl Scott, S. Reeder, Snarr, Bentley, A. Manager; Bertha Manager; Joseph Glen

for details. Representative. Advertising Regional Evans, Thayer

Copyright Funds, 1961 by Mutual reserved. price Subscription $3.00 aInc..year,andin advance;publishedforeignby thesubscriptions.Mutual ImprovementS3.50 a year,Associationsin advance;of 35cthe singleChurchcopy,of JesusexceptChristfor specialof Latterdayissues. Saints. All rights

Entered of Octoberat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice, JulySalt 2,Lake1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

Improvement Era The a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c Cover and 16 page color section

days'Thirty changes cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address onDonnellythe Holyand LandSons, printedChicago,by111.R. R.

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PICK A BRICK...ANY BRICK

MADE BY GLADDING, McBEAN & CO.

Join the smart people that build with brick.

It has so many more plus values YOU'RE construction strength, lowcost maintenance, INVITED keeps a home or building cool in summer theto pickfantastica brickvarietyfrom and warm in winter, low insurance rates. now on display in our

And no wonder people pick brick by specialShowroomnewatMasonry1075

Gladding, McBean & Co.—they get more SaltSouthLakeSecondCity.WestAlso in

variety in shapes, colors, textures, and sizes. onFranciscandisplay, Hermosafamous

It makes good sense, doesn't it?—picking Tile, Ceramic Veneer,

the right brick for you, from the SolarCV, RoofScreen,Tile, Contourand biggest variety. tocountlesshelp solvegoodyourideas

building problems.

Architects, Contractors, Decorators, Color GLADDING, McBEAN & CO. Stylists, and the public

Serving the InterMountain Area for 57 are always welcome.

years as Utah Fire Clay Co.

1075 South Second West, Salt Lake City 4, Utah!;;

NOVEMBER 1961 775 STORIES OF OURbrighten MORMON HYMNS

J. Spencer Cornwall WITH A "Authors and composersChristmas of hymns are not mediocre

people. They are people

with a great deal of religious experience."J. Spencer Cornwall, Conductor of

the Tabernacle Choir from 1935 to 1957, writes this in his newest book—adeseret handbook to the LDS

hymn book. It treats 311

hymns, gives their sources, with biographies and pictures of all the authors (where available). A highly-readable, entertainingMAY PEACE book! $395

BE WITH YOU

Richard L. Evans'newest book

The simple and sincere "Spoken Word"from the worldrenowned broadcasts of the Salt Lake

Tabernacle Choir and Organ programs is once more presented in this new collection of "sermonettes"from over the past two years. These

inspirational messages reflect the same clear, uplifted and touched that has gentle wisdom capTigr section of the of listeners. Some millions

tions: "To Live in Right Relations,""The

Teachings of a Child,""Some Essential Qualities of Character."$3.50

SALIffliHU

jHUMJSS** %

II.

COMMENTARY NEW BIBLE SUCCESSFUL CALIFORNIA BRIGHAM 2 1/2 MINUTE

ON THE BOOK READY LEADERSHIP MORMONS BY YOUNG AT TALKS

ANYONE? HOME TRAIL SAIL & REFERENCE OF MORMON Spencer by Young Clarissa Compiled

Six Volume I D. Potton Annaleone Vol. Univ. Harmer Mabel and Young Brigham Ricks Eldin and Reynolds George Charles Gilbert Orme of the account Vivid of of an collection edition choice alNew A comprehensive, Sjodahl M. A Janne pioneers who early reat classic delivered added that Contains of listing LDS phabetized illuminating Gives East the from scripsailed thoughts and topnotch calls days when the by in found subjects vital addressesBYU backreferences and to by way Coast West multitude a tures on the Young's of President businessmen a scriptures—Biblical entire the on ground of those Horn, of subjects Cape of sugteeming common offering world, was home RefBible Ready new fifteen chapters The in settled talks. San short for Alphato life who and family gestions how on with of for members erence Ether. of Wondof Book other find. and Bernardino to betized, easy guests. Photos succeed. famous faith. the LDS Melchizeerful aid to areas. Beenewly-restored of

teach- $3.50 Priesthood dek $2.50 Edition $2.95 Cloth hive $1.50 House j2 95

1 Edition $4.00.95 Pocket

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE THE PARTY THE VOICE RESTORED REFINER'S PATTERNS5. OF ISRAEL'S

PROPHETSCHURCH FIRE ShirleyPaxmanand Monroe J.

3. The husband - and - wife 6.

Alvin R. Dyer team who wrote "Family Sidney B. Sperry

William E. Berrett Rare photographs highNight Fun"(Utah's FamiDr. Sperry, of Brigham

Newlyrevised enlarged light this absorbing narraly of the year in 1960) give Young University, gives a edition tive on early Church monthby-month suggesLatter-day Saint interpreThis tenth edition of a landmarks and happenings tions for the most varied tation of the major and very popular, readable in Missouri—the "Center kinds of parties, from decminor prophets of the Old

book is enhanced with 32 Place"of Zion. While orations, quizzes, and Testament, and shows how

fullcolor illustrations and president of the Central games to the refreshments these prophets of old spoke 100 black and white and States Mission, the author served. These party plans not only to their generaduo-tone pictures. It tells traveled over this country, for teens and adults range tion but also to every suchow the original Church came to know it well, and from large groups to small ceeding generation. In this

was restored, describes the now brings all his observaintimate numbers. This magnificent account, IsaiMormon Exodus to Utah, tions together—describes compact, funfilled book ah, the "statesmanproph-

presents a picture of the the old Liberty Jail, the contains 149 delightful ilet"of power and majesty, again; Jeremiah, in its speaks lustrations. Now Site in Independand today, Temple Church LDS proal- prophet, the tragic edition, it has Witness second the ence, Three the defines Mormon ably

philosophy. 490 pages. Monument, Far West ready received national claims a message of judgLarge print. Indexed. Temple Site, Haun's Mill, recognition. Truly a handment to all who fail to

Adam OndiAhman, etc. book for fun activities. obey God; and other

prophets present their $5.95 $2.95 $3.95 messages to a world in

sore need of them. * j$

y/M

"in Desert Booh Co, 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah

13. DESERET BOOK COMPANY

THE AMERICAN THE UN44Gentlemen:East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

HERITAGE FORGETTABLE Enclosed you will find....check....money order....1 have an account.

OF FREEDOM HOLY LAND Please charge. Amount enclosed $ for encircled (numbered) books:

A Plan of God Spencer W. Kimball 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14

despeech Tofl glowing Ezra Benson A Name Elder Kimby Benson'sElder visit to the his ball on talk allon liveredimportant Address the and Land Holy deliveredcommunism it on impression made State the SemiAnnualat.... Zone City... him. OctoberConference,

tax. include 3% sales Residents of Utah1961. $.35

$1.00

NOVEMBER 1961 777 The Church How to Moves OnSave 20% August 1961

North Carolina Stake was organized from parts of the

Atlantic States Central Mission Elder by Richards LeGrand on of of the Council Elder the Twelve Franklin and D. Richards,

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve. Elder Cecil E. Reese was

sustained as stake president, with Elders Amos M. Howard and

Henry Paul Cogdell as counselors. There is a membership of Church approximately 2,560 in eight wards and three branches. Wards

are Albertson, Goldsboro, Harkens Island, Howards Chapel,

Kinston, Mt. Zion, New Bern, and Wilmington. Branches are

Greenville, Jacksonville, and Waccamaw River. This is the 332nd

stake of the Church now functioning. The gospel was first brought Books to North Carolina, in 1838, by Elder Jedediah M. Grant, later a

counselor to President Brigham Young. He met with great success, and as he was not able to fill his appointments by traveling

f on foot, interested persons subscribed enough to purchase a horse and saddle and bridle for him.

Elder Rex C. Reeve, first counselor to President LaMont B.

Gunderson of the Valley View (Salt Lake area) Stake, succeeded him as stake president. Sustained as his counselors were Elder

E. Wilford Edman, who had served as second counselor to President Gunderson, and Elder Allen M. Swan.

September 1961

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of the First Presidency, a

Free catalogue counselor to three Presidents of the Church—Heber J. Grant,

George Albert Smith, and David O. McKay—marked the

sent on request. ninetieth anniversary of his birth.

Clip and mail It was announced that Elders Darrel J. Monson, Monroe J.

coupon now Paxman, J. Stanley Russon, R. Paul Thompson, Mark A.

Benson, and Morris Hansen had been named to the general while you're board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association.

thinking Beaumont (Texas) Stake was organized from parts of about it! Houston Stake with Elder Alden C. Stout sustained as president and Elders Wade Hayes and John E. Tucker as

or send name and address to: counselors. Beaumont Stake is comprised of Beaumont, Silsbee,

and Williamson wards; Buna, Lake Charles, Orange, Port Arthur,

and Woodville branches. The stake was organized under the

direction of Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Twelve. It is the 333rd BOOKS 11-1 P.O. Box 400 stake now functioning in the Church. As late as the end of 1930,

Salt Lake City 10, Utah there were fourteen branches of the mission field functioning in

Please send free catalogue of Church books. the state of Texas, with a combined membership of 3,837.

course. of No obligation,

NAME President David O. McKay, beloved head of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, much admired by Church

ADDRESS members and friends every where, celebrated the eightyeighth anniversary of his birth.

CITY STATE.

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHOICE DEALERSHIPS AVAILABLE to sell Scriptures Bom of the / / Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Published by DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Sold only through personal representatives

This Family Edition of the Holy Scriptures contains the Four Standard

Works of the LDS Church plus many other inspirational features.

It is printed in large type, is bound in topgrain cowhide, and contains magnificent color pictures.

This could be your opportunity to gain enough additional money to support a missionary in the field, pay off the family mortgage, or to help further the education of your children.

INTERESTING, DIGNIFIED WORK - FULL OR PARTTIME

DO NOT DELAY MAIL COUPON TODAY

l Wheelwright Publications, Inc.

k 971 South West Temple, Salt lake City, Utah m Gentlemen:

( ) 1 would like to have your Name personal representative call and show me The Holy ScripAddress tures of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. City. Zone... State

( ) 1 am interested in becomPhone Stake ing a dealer of The Holy Scriptures in my area. Mission

NOW AVAILABLE!

(the perfect gift) ON HIFIDELITY 33 Vz RPM LP RECORDS 36

pressed on highestquality unbreakable vinyl

IN LIVING SOUND Here is the perfect Christmas gift -The Book of

Mormon on thirtysix records—the finest recording made! Pressed on

topquality unbreakable vinyl, each record ends on a chapter with a threesecond pause between each chapter. Two voices alternate in the

narrative. This living sound recording is ideal for Family Night, Priesthood, group or class study.

36 records in handsome 2- volume album plus booklet of ten** Jm MM * r*

Arnold Friberg "Book of Mormon"paintings in full color.. 49

as low as $5 down in $5 a month De5WOtltiiBoorCo, 2-,..-,,44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah, f - J

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will Name.-..

find...check,...money order,....I

have an account, please charge. Address.

Amount enclosed $ Full amount $ Downpayment City Zone. State

$ Number of sets... Residents of Utah include $1.50 sales tax,

Produced and distributed by DESERET BOOK CO. $1.35 postage per set.

NOVEMBER 1961 779 NOW j- Berlin Stake, the first in Germany, the second in continental "Berlin parts of the Mission with organized from Europe, wasInspire FAMILY HOURS! as president Elders Richard Seehagen Horst and Rudi Elder

Alfred Heinrich Hornke and Heinrich Albin Schubert as counselors.

Lend life to LESSONS! The stake is comprised of Dahlem, Spandau, and Nord Wards;

Charlottenburg, Tempelhof, and Neukolln branches. Berlin Stake

Teach with your TALKS! was organized under the direction of Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve and Elders Alvin R. Dyer and Nathan

Eldon Tanner, Assistants to the Twelve. It is the 334th stake now

Stimulate STUDY GROUPS! in the Church.

Elder Gerhardt Drechsel, first counselor to President Grant

Serve SERVICEMEN! M. Burbidge of Pioneer (Salt Lake City) Stake succeeded him as

stake president. Counselors are Elder Lamont W. Olsen, who

Heslop. Malan J.

the West SpanishRAISE FUNDS pleasantly! servedPresidentwithBurbidgePresidentis nowBurbidge,serving as andpresidentElderof

American Mission.

and Greensboro (North Carolina) Stake was organized from parts

Solve GIFT Shopping of the Central Atlantic States Mission with Elder Eugene A. Gulledge as stake president and Elders Ivan A. Larson

and V. Talmadge Hiatt as counselors. This is the second stake of

with the Church now organized in that southern state. Greensboro,

Burlington, Caswell, Mt. Airy, Kannapolis, Charlotte, and Colfax

wards; Rockingham, Ashboro, and Lexington branches make up

the Greensboro Stake. The stake was organized by Elder LeGrand

Richards of the Council of the Twelve (onetime president of the

Southern States Mission when that mission covered this area) and

Elder Franklin D. Richards, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

The Church now has 335 stakes.

The appointment of Reid N. Nibley, Provo, to membership

on the general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union was announced.

Elder William Kenneth Matthews, formerly first counselor to

President L. Burdette Pugmire of Bear Lake (Idaho) Stake,

succeeded him as stake president. President Matthews'

counselors are Elders Arlin R. Pugmire and Thomas J. Nelson.

Released with President Pugmire was his second, Elder Van Ness

D. Wallentine.

Cleveland (Ohio) Stake was organized from parts of the

Great Lakes Mission with Elder E. Doyle Robison as president and Elders Forest J. Squire and M. Brent Marriott as

counselors. The stake membership of approximately 2,400 are to

include Cleveland, Cleveland East, Akron, Lorain, KentRavenna,

TriCity, and Canton wards; and Sandusky, Geneva, Alliance, and

Wooster branches. This stake was organized under the direction

of Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve and$1.95 at book dealers—or

Elder Franklin D. Richards, Assistant to the Twelve. Cleveland

Stake comprises an area similar to Kirtland Stake, the first stake as little as $1.35 from organized in this dispensation, February 17, 1834, with the Prophet

Joseph as the stake president. Cleveland is the 336th stake now

INLAND WEST DISTRIBUTORS functioning in the Church.

P.O. Box 8197, Salt Lake City, Utah

The Relief Society of the Church began its annual twoday

Send (1 to 4) copies of "How To conference in Salt Lake City.

Spark Gospel Learning"@ $1.95 each, or

(5 to 19) copies @ $1.60 each, Tt The 131st semiannual general conference of the Church

or (20 or more) @ $1.35 each, City.convenedAllin thethe GeneralTabernacleAuthoritieson TemplewereSquarepresentin SaltexceptLake

for which I enclose $ in check ( ) President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., who was ill; and Presidents Bruce

or money order ( ). This includes tax, R. McConkie and A. Theodore Tuttle of the First Council of the

postage, and handling. Seventy who were presiding in missions. Elder George Q. Morris

of the Council of the Twelve and President Levi Edgar Young

Name of the First Council of the Seventy were present but did not speak.

Address

! Cii* State.——

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of The Christ.. A Story

the Inspiration of His Spoken Words.

MetroGoldwyn-Mayer presents Samuel Bronston's Production

AH the glorious music from the film is available in the MGM Album

Filmed in 70MM SUPER TECHNIRAMA TECHNICOLOR 4

NOVEMBER 1961 781 CHAIR BUYERS GUIDE

HOWTOBUY THESE TIMES W

A FOLDING CHAIR IN 4 EASY LESSONS

1STEP ON IT! Step hard on back

rest. If chair is a Samsonite, contour

steel back won't give an inch. No back

rest made is stronger or more comfortable!

The East Indian Mission BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA, TEMPE

Place IT! object un- "UNBALANCE"office the years, 18301930, at Liverpool, the mission hundred

if Sit, it tilts chair. leg of der or one and2 Last month's column noted that after a Latterday Saint tract, wrote to thirty literaor- asking for additional England,... Church was maintaining it's wobbles, a All Samsonite. not

Samsonite folding chairs are selfleveling. ganized missions. Andrew Jenson, ture of the Church."

infor this the authority consulted to Private which came The tract that 1 noted, formation, however, Pratt's Metcalf's hands Orson was some twentytwo other missions at Divine Authority, or The Question, least, had been organized during Was Joseph Smith Sent of God?

that century, including interesting This 16page item had been printed forays into India, China, Gibraltar, and circulated from 15 Wilton

Malta, Siam, the West Indies, and Street, Liverpool, under date of

Italy. September 30, 1848. It summarized

A further perusal of this material the case for Mormonism by stating:

disclosed information of exceptional 1. "Joseph Smith's doctrine is reachair legs; "walk"forward, sideways. in areas highlypopulated its the world fallible3 "TORTURETEST"IT! Lift front interest; for, one of the largest, most sonable, scriptural, perfect, and inin all precepts In his... superstrong like Only construction

India. Hinduism, is the Republic of of the organization church, no officer thisSamsonite's can take punishment.

the widely practised religious system mentioned in the New Testament is of that country, is one of the world's omitted...."

largest. Moreover, within the limits 2. Joseph Smith's account of the

set by its organized expressions, it restoration of the gospel by an angel is a tolerant religion. The English was "clearly predicted by the anlanguage is well understood in that cient Jewish apostles and prophets,

country, although interest in Indian together with the minute circumlanguages and dialects has rapidly stances connected therewith...."

increased since independence was 3. "Joseph Smith incorporates in

granted. his mission the gathering of the

The incident leading to the estabSaints... and every other predicted

lishment of the East Indian Mission event that was to characterize the in 1851 during the administration of great preparatory dispensation for

Brigham Young, President of the the second advent of our Lord."

as Church, 4. Jenson, told by Andrew of revelation in the "The Book IT! Instantly you'll SIT IN know the is.. as follows: the raising of numerup Mormon difference. Observe that Samsonite4

..., a private Metcalf, witnesses. chairs of the ous other folding "Thomas the and are contourdesigned for

maximum comfort. Good looking, too. Ninth Regiment of the British Army bold unequivocal promise of the

in India, having by chance obtained miraculous gifts to all who should

Encyclopedic History of the Church of Jesus believe and embrace this message,

Christ of Latterday Saitits (1941). (Continued on page 784)

r.Samsonite to For church, school, More? Want Know v

clu info., group seating see I Yellow your

Yellow""it write: Pages. otheror Bros., iti'.""Pos"Shwayder Institutional ||

Seating Div., Dept.IEll-l,Detroit 29, Mich.

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

j> *% Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many issW

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUI*

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another finejproduct of General Foods

NOVEMBER 1961 783 are all evidences such as no impostor ever has given...."-

Metcalf's inquiry to the Liverpool office, induced by Elder Pratt's tract, evidently stimulated interest and activity at that point with respect to the great subcontinent of

Asia.

In 1850, Benjamin Richey and George Barber, two sailors from

England, visited Calcutta and there attended some meetings of the Plvmouth brethren. Richev and

Barber were members of the Church at the time, having been baptized in

London, December 27, 1849 by Henry Savage. During the Mormon

sailors'stay in Calcutta, meeting with the Plymouth brethren, they met James P. Meik "and others who

became interested in Mormonism."

Mr. Meik corresponded thereafter

with Franklin D. Richards at the

Liverpool office. The sailors, returning to England on their next

voyage, also sent literature to their

Calcutta friends.

* "'"'-WSli Joseph Richards, sailmaker on the NEW In 1851, another British seaman, ship Gloriosa, was ordained an elderHOT CEREAL DISCOVERY X

FROM CARNATION! byizedGeorgeto preachB. Wallacein India.and authorUpon

100% nourishing golden wheat! New deeprich heBrothersoughtRichards'out the Plymoutharrival in brethren.Calcutta

On June 22, 1851, he then baptized flavor! Wonderful new smoothness! James Patrick Meik, Mark Ann

Now-a different kind of hot cereal! Brings welcome Meik, Matthew McCune, and Mauvariety, new flavor enjoyment, and finest natural rice White. According to Assistant

nourishment to family breakfasts! It is new CarnaChurch Historian Jenson, these were

tion Instant Wheat. 100% golden wheat -with wonthe first baptisms to membership in

derful new smoothness, plus deeprich flavor. And the LDS Church in Asia. A branch

with all the natural active protein, B-vitamins and of the Church called the "Wanof minerals true whole wheat assured by Carnation's organized derers'Branch"was exclusive process. lowheat Surprise please and the Calcutta, 1851, and BrothJune 29, cereal. family with right this new your store At now! 888 ers Meik, McCune, and White wereat

DISCOVER NEW CARNATION INSTANT WHEAT TODAY! called to preach.

In the meantime, Elder Lorenzo a quality product from (arnation Snow, in the European field, sent

William Willis and Hugh Findley to India. Willis arrived December

25, 1851 and visited the Meiks at

Acra Farm, December 28, 1851.

James Patrick Meik, a builder and architect, later built a Mormon lecTHE hall CENTER OF ture Bazaar near No. 2V2 "Juan

( CONVENIENCE Street,"Calcutta. This building

17 x measured 47 feet. March By, iJ., 9m little 24, 1852 the branch had 32 COOtf4 MOTELNEW AMERICA

320BEAUTYBEAUTIFULSAION BAR6EBROOMSSHOP members, 12 of them Europeans and 20 Indians. Translations of literature into Hindustani were started,

but "work among the native peoples was not fruitful.

(Continued on page 786)

Pratt, Divine Authority (Liverpool: 2See Orson

p. 16. j\W\..d(W iAA/tf/uu&m\ sa 't lake city 1848),

QutiwhllciAMj Iamoum hMju&j pooh

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I I \ t I I I I I f THIS IS A VERY BUSY HONEY BEE I I I I / MAKING HONEY FOR NABISCO I / SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS J I / I / i And that's a job that takes lots f / of honey. Because so many! f

I people eat so many Nabisco] I

I Sugar Honey Grahams. Because? #

I t they're the graham crackers 1 t % made with pure country honey t \ and real graham flour. Extra

extra nutritious. delicious and \\ favorite betweenAmerica's

meal cracker. Get them in the

economical 2-pound package.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

NOVEMBER 1961 785

( Continued from page 784 From Calcutta's beginnings, NaWIN A thaniel V. Jones in 1853 extended

missionary labor to Madras, Karachi (now in Pakistan), Poona, and Rangoon (now in Burma). In 1858 ocMINK curred the great Sepoy Rebellion.

Evidently as a result of these disturbances, the missionaries withdrew that year. The Meik family came to

Patin 1869. of James Utah A son STOLEIN MORNING MILK'S rick Lorenzo Meik, named Snow

'Name the Recipe'* Contest Meik, eventually returned to Enginactive. His son land and became Stole 1st Mink Prize-$895.00 British journalist, the Vivian Meik, Lake Dupler's, Salt from

7 other Christmas cash prizes was baptized by Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Twelve, during (Makes one 12cup ring mold cake)"

1 cup undiluted V* teaspoon nutmeg MORNING cup Shortening % MILK HIGH FLYERS juice tablespoons lemon teaspoon cloves Vb sifted flour 2 cups 2

1 soda teaspoon % 1 salt teaspoon % cupcup granulatedbrown sugarsugar 21 cupscup raisinschopped dates BY FRANCES GORMAN RISSER 1 Vi teaspoons cinnamon 3 eggs 1 cup chopped nuts With televisions, radios, cool, fluffy. until light out of mold. shortening Sift Turn When and Cream pour your favMachines that wash, and dryers,

garnish. into orite over top glaze sugar, except and dry ingredients, brown

shortening. Stir in brown sugar. Combine *Or bake in a 9 x 13 x 2"pan in moderate Grills, vacuum cleaners, heaters, too,

eggs, Morning Milk and lemon juice. Mix oven (350 F) about 40 minutes or until We soon may be high flyers;

ingredients. to Blend. Beat well. dry clean. out toothpick comes Add For some day all these motored

electric of speed minutes medium two on things ALTITUDES OVER 4,000 FOR in nuts. raisins Pour SPECIAL NOTE dates, Fold mixer. and

batter into buttered and floured 1 2-cup ring FEET: Stir 3 additional tablespoons of flour Could start at the same minute,

into recipe. water more of cup in a (350 F) and mold. moderate Bake oven % then our house would spin Bake And

until toothpick or 375 minutes until F 3540 at or toothpick minutes about comes 40 around clean. out on clean. minutes. Cool rack wire out comes 30

it. rise, in there us with And originality. priateness statement and The to: entries your

will sincerity, logic RULES be on and judged CONTEST just where we'd Before know we CONTEST MILK CAKE MailMORNING of of the Decision thought. aptness for Milk Morning 1. Send name 176 P.O. Box

final. will will entries be judges be were, No baking (Actually and in'Cake. Holiday City Salt 10, Utah Lake

entries All ideas therein returned. and for ideas will it help stimulate tasting will not postage insufficient Entries with races skyland be in We'd of the Milk property become Morning best duplicate of names, case names.) accepted. be shall rights to use, with conwhich have like recipe the why you reasons whyIn orbited as comets, With we residing in testants'person to 5. adnames, Contest Milk Morning open any it is or recipe a orname believe good you

vertising. Idaho, in Montana, and Oregon, Utah, will the winner. decide spaces! starry outer Through

employees except Washington, Eastern 7. All entries postmarked be must on write or blank official entry on 2. Use its adof Milk and Morning 12, reor before 1961, and December Print stationery. of your side own one their of agencies vertising membersaffiliates, and

16, 1961. before ceived December the address and clearly and your name families. immediate

store grocery the of address and name of as president tenure Sonne's Elder will notified 8. Saturday, on Winners be

will competent Entries judged by be often Morning buy most you from whom winners 1961. of 23, December Names personalities. television 6.newspaper and stole, the If a at Mission your end win mink the Milk. European you will to requesting all sent contestants be selected will approon be name too. The one, wins grocer selfaddressed sending stamped, a and II. Meik, of Vivian World War

envelope. wish, as entries you as 3. many Submit

be correspondent by entry accompanied must diplomatic each but of a num- 9. First prize a winner $895

Milk. of Morning cans labels from 3 retail stole certified from value willminkreceive British papers, then ber of prominent

Salt prize Lake. Second Dupler's winner original the entries work 4. All be must

prize in receive cash; third SI 00 their in Submitted contestants, to Salt of City about 1947 Lake

will in next came receive cash; prize willwinner $50 than one more names. No ownthe

will in prominent receive cash. a a five winners each while $10 family. in became and for will one awarded be

for Deseret News. The He LIKE LOOKS CREAM writer FORMS CONTEST ENTRY

later. years a store died grocery few favorite your at LIKE CREAM POURS

to also family came The McCune NOW! ENTER BETTER! EVEN 12 December 1961 TASTES closesContest P. the time about same Utah as J.

Meik, and became famous and prosperous, building the famous McCune

S*(t l<x6e (?tty& Ttetv&it 'Zfotd Mansion at 200 North Main Street,

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE SaltTheLakeCalcuttaCity. branch seems to

MODERN COFFEE SHOPS and DINING ROOMS have dwindled with the departure

TELEVISION AIR CONDITIONED of the Meiks and Captain McCune.

RATES: SINGLES $6.00 up DOUBLES $8.00 up TWINS $10.00 up However, as late as October, 1870,

TELETYPE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED COLLECT SU 350 a James Mill and others reported themselves "faithful"in a Madras branch of some fourteen members.

"Six,"he reported, "had died"; four

at were in "poor standing"; two "indifferent"; and the remainder "active."

From Brother Jenson's record, we gather that there were four branches 75 West (Continued on page 788)

South Temple CLARENCE L. WEST, Manager Salt Lake City, PHONE

Utah FREE Drive inParkingEL 5-2961 786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA See how a talent can grow* Whenever you admire the work of a For fortyseven years, this school has professional artist, remember this. He been discovering and developing talent.

was once just an amateur. Like all skills Former students are now active

and aptitudes, a talent for drawing will throughout the art field—as advertising

grow if fostered and developed. artists, cartoonists, illustrators and porArnold Friberg was fourteen when he trait or mural painters.

enrolled in a home study art course with Does a career in art—parttime or Art Instruction Schools. Ever since then, fulltime—appeal to you? If you like to

his progress has been swift and sure. draw, you may have talent worth trainHis paintings of the colorful Northwest ing. Professional artists on the Art

have been widely used in advertising. Instruction teaching staff can give you

Crude sketch that Arnold Friberg More recently he has specialized in the necessary guidance. Art textbooks,

made when he was just a schoolboy. religious art. Public exhibitions of his illustrated in color, and stepby-step

canvases for The Ten Commandments lesson assignments are furnished. Each

have aroused tremendous interest. student receives the same individual

The home study art course taken by attention and encouragement.

Arnold Friberg began with a grounding Before you make any decision, take in art fundamentals. This was followed the Art Talent Test the school will send

obligation. take Friberg's cost or without specialized work. In you by more You

his paintFribergBelow: at work on it for the kind of return the opinion, a needs then beginner test at home; any consecrating Joshua oning of Moses

Mount Nebo—one of large canvases guidance and encouragement he got professional estimate of your talent.

commissioned by Cecil B. DeMille from Art Instruction Schools, now the Find out now if you have talent worth

to guide the filming of the motion world's largest home study art school. training. Mail the coupon today.

picture, The Ten Commandments.

ART INSTRUCTION SCHOOLS, 500 South 4th Street, Minneapolis 15, Minn.

Studio IM111 AS /art instruction schools Please send me your Talent(pleaseTestprint)without cost or obligation.

Nam e.

Occupation. AGE 4-7 years of discovering and developing talent Address.Apt. City Zone County State Accredited Member National Home Study Council

NOVEMBER 1961 787 WANT TO KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON TODAY IN BUSINESS?

(Continued from page 786) in India that developed following

Metcalfs letter: Calcutta, Madras,

Rangoon, and Karachi. In 1884,

William Willis, Henry F. McCune,

Milson R. Pratt, and George H.

Booth arrived in Calcutta, August 1, on another mission. There appear

to have been a few baptisms. Willis,

Pratt, and McCune also went to

Rangoon but found the work unprofitable. They returned to Calcutta, June 10, 1885, bound for New

Zealand. G. H. Booth, evidently,

remained until 1888, practically ending the missionary enterprise in

India in the 19th century. A Karachi

branch, consisting of a Robert Marshall and family, survived until 1903.

Persons who have served in the

SUNSET FLOWER

BY WEBB DYCUS The sun has dropped below the winter hill.

There's nothing left to stand night's shadows off Except one rosy bloom, behind the grille Of ridge trees, brightening a cloud's deep trough.

So frail a blossom cannot last the hour: Take time, now, to enjoy the sunset flower!

British Mission will remember several members, like sailors Richey,

Barber, and others of 1851, who served with British forces, civil or military, in India. And in Ceylon,

the wife and family of Mr. James

Bleakley, headmaster of the principal school in that country, were distinguished and devoted members of the Church. Mr. Bleakley died at

sea in 1959, after his retirement, while returning to England from an

American visit with his wife. Also,

many members of the armed services during World War II saw active dutv in India. Since 1945, there

have been an increasing number of educational and business exchanges between prominent Utah and Indian leaders and families. So runs the

past story of the "East Indian Mission."And the story, as told, is not

complete. One wonders what happened to Thomas Metcalf, private,

British Ninth Regiment. Was his

letter answered? Metmany How

There's a whole family of U and I Sugar in bags and handy onepound cartons (Brown, Fine calf letters received today? are being

Granulated, Superfine Dessert, and Powdered) for all these Thanksgiving treats. There's What does the future hold?

nothing quite like U and I - home produced - the best you can buy!

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY 788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in just 40 seconds.. 5

take the piermapak (Christmas Quiz... and discover the answer to many of your gift problems!

Yes No

Is there a fisherman, hunter, hiker or camper at your house? P

Do Mom and Sis want to enjoy camping, fishing and picnicking trips just as much as the men in the family?

Is there an eager, young Boy Scout or Explorer in your home?

Does your family include skiing, boating, motorcycle, trail bike, jeep or house trailer enthusiasts?

Is there a man in your house who earns his living working in remote outdoor places: surveyor, geologist, engineer, rancher, sheepherder, explorer,

reservoir caretaker, fur trapper, prospector, game warden, forestry ranger?

Is Dad, husband, brother or son a: traveling (by auto) salesman, rural

delivery man, country doctor, crosscountry bus or truck driver, commercial pilot, highway patrolman, Civil Defense or rescue worker?

If the answer to any of the above is "Yes"... one of these popular packs by PERMAPAK will be a most welcome gift!

$5.95 KarryKit "F8". Emergency survival $2.95 Chow Belt. 3-day, tasty, balanced

kit with 8-day, freezeproof, food rations for 1 food rations for 1 person. In sealed polycello bags

person—plus other key survival items—all in trimly tucked into slim, 7-pouch waist or shoulder

compact, easycarry metal kit. No cooking required. belt. Refills available. Scouts, Explorers, hunters,

No water to add. Ideal for car, jeep, trail bike, hikers, boaters, rescue teams, rockhounds, putboat or plane... for persons hunting, working or doorsmen all love it! Just add water. Weighs less

traveling through remote areas.. for Civil Defense than 2 pounds.

or rescue workers... for anyone who could get

stranded for a few days away from food sources. $11.95 Family Camping or Survival Kit

biscuits, 12 14 Contents: ozs. Yukon ok. pemmican, 12 ozs. "F72".tains campingMost popularor emergencyof all foodPERMAPAKS!supply forCon72

8 multipletropical (ablets, 12 ozs. chocolate, energy malted milk

vitamin tablets, water purification tablets. Plus: heat tablets, hours for family of 6 (exceeds Civil Defense mininylon rope, matches, signal whistle, needle and thread, can mum)... or 18day supply for 1... plus other

premoist pins, safety opener, napkins, cleansing tissue, fish key campout orsurvival items! 54 delicious, nusurvival manual. leader, hook and tritious meals—for less than 17 cents per meal

—in handy polycello bags. Frees Mom and Sis

$6.95 KarryKit "FW6". Identical to "F8"to enjoy the camping, too. Nothing to do but add

above except includes 6 cans of water and conwater, and heat! Already seasoned. Freezing won't

tains only 6-day emergency survival food rations harm these foods. Should keep for several years.

for 1 person—plus same survival items—all in Ideal for summer home, camp trailer, office, falllightweight, compact, easycarry carton. out shelter. Packed in compact, 5-gal. can.

Food Storage Feature 1 qt. pure unfavored gelatin Permapak,Please sendInc.,me the40.PERMAPAKRobert Avenue,gift itemsSalt checkedLake Citybelow:15, Utah "|

Parcel total can weight 20 shipping be shipped Post. of the Month 3 No. HI multipurpose food (MPF)| NOTE:

Office postage. shipping correct for Post and lbs.amountthis order sendis under Check withIf

lbs., this will If Collect.total Freight Truck, order shipped PRICES 20 weight exceeds be by

F.O.B., Salt Lake City, sub/ect to change without notice. 1

STATE PRICE STATE SHIP. WT. STATE QUANTITY

j'KarryKit $5.95 each "F8"f

,. lbs lbs. Kit Shipping @9 each weight J

each KarryKit $6.95 $ "FW6"likely received 1, 1961, before Orders most December

.. lbs. lbs. Kit. S 12@ weight Shipping each. Belt 1 each $ Chow @ $2.95 will to arrive early! Christmas. before be shipped Order

...,, lbs. lbs. belt. Shipping 2 each weight if

Kit Survival Family 'or 1.95 each $ Camping @ $1

Kit lbs. lbs. each Family weight 19. Shipping

I Unit each $7.95 Food Storage No. $ 1 @

.. lbs. lbs. i Unit. Shipping 1 each weight 19

Total Shipping Weight this order.., lbs.

Postage Due I enclose check or money[if underorder20to lbs.)cover cost of items ordered $, |

sales tax), plus postage (if please residents (Utah add 3% of the amount under 20 lbs.}, in, -$—,....—,.—fl

Please send me your free Catalog of all PERMAPAK products |PERMAPAK..PIONEERS IN PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS NameAddress

City Zone State | Permapak, Inc., 40 E. Robert Avenue (2430 $.), Salt Lake City 15, Utah

NOVEMBER 1961 789 TH"

THE GLORY OF THE SUN

By Sterling W. Sill

The brilliant and enlightening radio messages of Elder Sill have at last been made available for all the Church to enjoy.

l. JUST TO ILLUSTRATE Rich with dramatic illustrations, these short but moving

By teGrond Richards gospel messages cover a variety stories, sparkling topics. of The

for yourself Prepare a Ireat!

experiences, the heartwarming is unconditionally This book the narraflowing easy and if to delight guaranteed you will tive long be remembered.

story. like welltold Each a you of Contains a wealth mafascinating with is packed page

terial for speakers and true experiences gleaned by teachers. $3.50

the author of from years traveling as a missionary and leader in the Church, told as only this powerful, enthusiastic speaker can tell them. Its

pages are filled with wisdom, with eternal truths and uncanny insight. Wonderful. $3.25

THE 111 WEIGHT

MAY PEACE BE WITH YOU

By Richard L. Evans

Drawn from the familiar and I -Jj world famous broadcast from the lie ofTabernacle,short essaysthis variedis markedcollectionby

Willi You simple eloquence and uncommon

WEIGHT OF AN ANGEL wisdom. The classic simplicity,

By Roy Lambert coupled with beautiful and inreading makes language, spiring of the Moroni, one AngelThe clear. Even meaning easy and controversial personalmost

ities in all Christendom, has "The Spoken Word"takes on new when studied on the inmeaning writing theinspired of this $3.5C printed page. book. informativeteresting and

His life, calling and mission on earth... plus his dramatic

the restoration of the are revealed in fascin- "Vso THE MYTH MAKERS By Hugh Nibley

sne interested in knowing the facts. brilliant expose'.. willof delightthe fraudin andthis the

deceit contained in the charges / levied against Joseph Smith by (IBS enemies of the Church. Stimulating,

interesting, factual. $3.50

FOR TEENS AND CHILDREN 7. ABOUT BAPTISM

A very special way to ThruBy Emmathe experiencesMarr Petersenof on orphan boy who comes to

of purpose meaning and say Merry Christmas.. American to live, the true

is taught. baptism $1.50

8. ABOUT PRAYER

A companion volume to "About Baptism"that involves the same closely knit family. SI.50

9. WHAT SHALL WE

DO WITH LOVE?

By Ernest Eberhard, Jr.

With the wisdom of 25 years of counseling youth, the author helps young people steer a clear course away from trouble. $3.25

10. YOU AND YOUR

MARRIAGE By B. Brown Hugh

- hitting, straigfr hard theRECORDED "TRIPLE COMBINATION"CombinationTriple Afrom shoulder discusAll the beauty of modernday scripture and Offer tivesion, ideas,filled andwithsharpprovocawit.

revelation can now be yours through the $2.75

hifi recordings. Dramatic, on wordspoken

narrahighlyimpressive, understandable 11. FOR and TIME OR j for 99 50 ETERNITYtion of these records sacred easy make it

E. By Petersen Mark entire family with familiarthe Payto become Down No

This tremendously popular interment, nothe Standard Works. story carries the est, carrying no

regularly of $ 69.50Book Mormon through romance, in charges. Pay

Price regularly ofPearl Great 11.95 it $ ship heartache and as 12 equal

Doctrine Covenants..regularly and 34.95 creates $ for an awareness monthly

necessity of tempi payments.

marriage.

SEEK

u?z game for

oU.

An exciting game whi tests knowledge and un derstanding of the GosDe $2.49

RELIGION YOUR KNOW BOOKCRAFT 1161

L. By Pearson Glenn

1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah approach to the first prinnew A refreshing ciples of the Gospel. It is both stimulating Please send encircled (numbered) books for which

and doctrinally sound. $3.00

14. JACOB HAMBLIN, BUCKSKIN I enclose $ in check ( )

APOSTLE or money order ( ).

By Paul Bailey

1 Exciting, 10 fascinating and 23456789 unioue this describe account...faithpromoting,all of 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 Hamblin, Jacob a courageous in frontier giant

history. $3.95 Name

15. CHOSEN MISSOURI

By Kenneth Porter and Herman Ruf Address Where does Missouri ture? What of New reallyJerusalem?fit intoWhothe willpicCity State

build it? Who will live there? All the

answers are in this unique book. $3.50

l/UorSnipful

one..

Letters and Reports that adds to YOUNG SAINTS IN AUSTRIA join in the threeday conference. Accordthis the was most successful MIA conferthe fKeverence ing to a report from the Swedish Mission, history in the of the mission. ence

of your A TEEN GIVES THANKS religious service Gallup, N. M.

Dear Sirs: At this time may I congratulate you dear brothers and sisters on the fine work which you are now engaged in. Your

selection of material is excellent. I am 19

years old, and to me, your Era of Youth is tremendous! I have just received my

August issue, and have spent two hours busily engrossed in its pages. In those

Photographed outside the Schonbrunn two hours I have received a spiritual upPalace in Vienna, Austria, are these two lift that will carry me through my fine young Latterday Saints. Both depressing moments of doubt and beBrother Roland Wolf and Sister Christl wilderment, and suddenly I too have hope

Schweda are wearing the costumes which that I can be something worthwhile to are typical of Austria and Germany. myself and humanity. I especially enjoyed

Brother Wolf is in lederhosen (leather Brother Hugh B. Brown's poem "I Would

Playing dimensions and console arrangements trousers ) and Sister Schweda is in a Be Worthy"and The Editor's Page, "True conform rigidly to the specifications of the dirndl (dress). Beauty."I never realized just how much

American Guild of Organists. it means to be a part of womanhood's

A Wurlitzer Church Organ offers MIA CONFERENCE IN SWEDEN greatthe truemission.worth andI neverdignityhaveof appreciatedmy being,rich, worshipful tone—a reverent and if I so choose to make it so. Thank you

moving contribution to the Church for lifting my soul to such heights. I feel

Service. inI canthegoshorton nowtimewithsincemy headthe editionhigh. Also,has

It places at the command of any arrived in my home, my mother and organist an infinite range of tradifather and two brothers have read its tional organ voices. Transmitted by pages, too!

Wurlitzer's High Fidelity Sound Sysof Thankwritingyoutoso youmuchandfor thisexpressingopportunitymy tem, the result is glorious organ thoughts, for I felt I had to let them out music... truly Music's Richest Voice. some way. And what better way than

to tell you I love your Improvement Era!

Sincerely, WurliIzer Organs FREE Jo Ann Nations Church Organ A SOURCE OF JOY Fund Raising Kit Lakeview, Oregon

The Era has been a source of peacefulThe Wurlitzer Company family. joy to our on While ness and home

IE-4-61, DeKalb, JDept.j couldn't son told our have us he 111. Swedish Saints joined hands in a midleave

I Please send me information about the summer dance around the Maypole durmade it through those first months in serv- ] Fund Raising Kit and Wurlitzer Organs. ing an MIA conference held recently. ice without the comfort the Era brought

I Some 250 people attended the conference to him. Truly it is a blessing to each one

of us. all over from Sweden. and came Some of NAME

I to traveled from 400 to 600 miles Mrs. Robert W. Fossum

I ADDRESS them CITY ZONE.... STATE.

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'igmagimmmimmmm mmmimmmmm iltilllll

v 'V DE LUXE POCKET BIBLE. 01039x. WHITE BIBLE. 01152x. Designed for

Small enough to carry anywhere with the Bride in White French Morocco, easyto-read New Beryl type. Bound in washable, limp, round corners. Ruby

Pin Seal Morocco, half circuit, leather type. Silver or gold edges (01152xG).

lined, round corners, gold edges. 3V6 x Marriage Certificate. Gift boxed. 3%<; x

4 3A, only % 6"thick. $8.75 554a, only %"thick. $5.75

HHRBBBBBBH

IIiSSSS III in I!

DE LUXE BIBLE, POPULABLY BED LETTEB. 04434x. All the words SiIII

PBICED. 02227x. Exclusive Marrakesh of Christ are printed in red. Morocco

Persian Morocco, half circuit, leather grain Calf, half circuit, simulated leather lined. 64 pages of Concise Helps. Conlining, type, selfpronouncing. Brevier

cordance. references. Centercolumn Concordance, 100,000 centercolumn?:;::::'::::

gold edges. under Red illmii.

or Black. 5x7'/8, only %"Availablethick. in$10.75Red chain5 x IVa,references.only Vs"Redthick.under gold $10.95edges.

e season qftjivimj.-.

A NEW TESTAMENT FOB POCKET OB PUBSE. 0238x. A tiny, very thin

New Testament, completely reset in beautiful, easyto-read New Ruby type. FOB SOMEONE SPECIAL. 02288x.

am Boundcircuit, inleatherMorocco,lined,pin roundseal grain,corners,half lined,Very finestgold Pinfillet,Seal,roundhalf circuit,corners,leathergold gold edges. Available in Black, Blue or edges. Jasper type. Concordance. 5 x

Red. 2% x 3 ir/ic, only 54"thick. $6.00 7'/8, only!%"thick. $22.50

ii

8SSS ssmlfl mM

Whether giving or;:::::;::-::<;;:.:mi

receiving it, the person with BBEVIEB TESTAMENT NEW Size. knows an Oxford Bible Psalms. Pocket 0419x. Morocco,

means matchless pin seal grain, half circuit, leather lined, corners, edges. gold round Available FAMILY craftsmanship and CONVENIENTSIZED Black, Red. or Blue, Brown 4% x 6%,in Calf, half BIBLE. 04884x. Levant grain

enduring beauty... circuit, simulated leather lining. Large only %"thick. $10.00

in a gift that will bring New Long Primer type, modified selfmi and lasting centercolumnpronouncing. chainConcordance,references.100,000Family

satisfaction. Record. Red under gold edges. 5% x

8 5/8, less than 1"thick. $14.95

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRES

NEW YORK

:::-s:::.:

NOVEMBER 1961 793 INVITATION TO INDIA NEWNOTICEINFORMATION ON SURVIVAL FOODS Stockholm, Sweden

scientific principles The sound of nutrition same involved Brethren: in dieting for weight control are Dear

in involved are: BY NECESSITY. DIETING of them Some Swedish Mission has a family living The

1. Highquality protein, fat, carbohydrates, essential vitamins and minerals, all present in in Bombay, India, by the name of Mr. and

amounts balance, and which meet or exceed established minimum daily requirements when Mrs. W. Pettersson. Their address is:

taken in measured amounts.

2. Measured amounts can be used as a "balance wheel"to supplement any other food Krishnabad

available. 3. Scientifically blended for appetite satisfaction. Available in sufficient variety to avoid WardenBombay, RoadIndia "taste fatigue."

4. In containers for designed periods storage long without deterioration.

their like to extend family This would 5. Can ingredients of water, be used no other by addition

to Saints Latterday coming any necessary for complete nutrition. welcome

6. Economical.

to contact India. the enjoy They would

MORE INFORMATION ON SURVIVAL FOOD AVAILABLE BY SIMPLY WRITING OR FILLING OUT and association with Saints or servicemen

THE ATTACHED COUPON in that part of the world.

With kindest regards, SURVIVAL FOOD STORAGE A. Gideon Omer, President

in one can. COMPLETE vacuum packed Lasts for years. key opening Control Perfect for Weight Swedish Mission

rotating supply. Three delicious flavors. to when flavors. beverage delicious Three Easy soup

use. Just add water. One case (12 eight ounce cans) equals 48 meals of 225 calories each.

Reasonably priced $7.20 PER CASE. at ONLY A SILENT PARTNER WITH GOD OBLIGATION WITHOUT PLEASE SEND ME FULL INFORMATION

( ) ] am interested in a supply for my home. West Covina, California

( ) I am interested in fund raising sales project.

( ) I may be interested in being a sales representative. Dear Brethren:

I enclose $ for cases as follows:

Beverages: ( ) Chocolate ( ) Egg Nog ( ) Lemon. partnerI havewithfoundGodthein Erathe toraisingbe a ofsilentmy

Soups: ( ) Vegetable ( ) OnionCelery with Potatoes ( ) Green Split Pea. seven children. We look forward eagerly

each month for the current issue, and the

My Name Address conference editions are studied throughout

City Zone. State. theday year.Saint homeTherewithoutshould thenot Era.be a LatterINC. FOODS, MILK

Del Monte Research Park P. Monterey, California Thank you, O. Box 350

Thelma Lee Reeder

A CONVERT WRITES

Hundreds of Thousands The World Around

California Dear Sir: Have Loved These Books by Ora Pate Stewart linaI movedabout twoto Californiayears ago,fromand Northlast FebruCaro- ary I heard the gospel ( the fulness ) from ) PAGES THE FROM EVE BOOK OF or old For young book. a family—A -classic or Amsican humor. $2.50 theMarch,missionaries.and for the I firstwastimebaptizedin my life,last

) GLEANINGS sure of myself. completely $2.50 I am

Poems to cherish and quote. helps Era Improvement The provide my

) BROWN LEAVES TURNING $2.50 soul with food.

"Hands"and other poems—especially comforting.

) I TALK ABOUT MY CHILDREN $2.00 Thank you,

Wit, wisdom and wonder of children much like your own.

) MOPEY THE MOP $2.00 Mary B. Johnson

The grandmothers favorite. Delightful for children of all ages.

) GOD PLANTED A TREE $1.00

The Israelitish Family. Especially helpful to students of the Bible.

) BRANCHES OVER THE WALL $1.00 ERA AT MAIL CALL

Story of the Book of Mormon. MIA reading course selection.

) TREASURES UNEARTHED $1.00 Apple Valley, California

Little known facts about the Book of Mormon.

) A LETTER TO MY SON $1.00 Dear Editors:

The book for everyone over twelve.

) A LETTER TO MY DAUGHTER $1.00 After almost a year of receiving The

A hope chest item for all girls. Improvement Era I can say that the editors

right of their proud every to be BELIEVE $1.00 have ) WE

Articles of Faith, simp!if: ed. talks this issue and the magazine. With

) THIS WORD OF WISDOM $1.00 by the General Authorities you have ended

Things we are entitled to know. my reception of this magazine overseas

) DEAR LAND OF HOME $1.00 in the service of the army. There was

The Zeniff story. A story of liberty—lost and found. nothing I looked forward to more than

) FROM WHERE I STOOD $1.00 receiving it at mail call. May the Lord

Selected reporting—from the heart. Stories you will tell and retell. bless you all for this fine effort.

Autographed and gift wrapped. Sincerely yours,

ORA PATE STEWART C. Clifford Adams

11282 Anabel Ave.

Garden Grove, California

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. Finland—A selection

from the opera Carmen at MIA conference. 2. Hong Kong - Football (soccer) league winners.

MIA IN ORBIT

Propelled by the allpowerful thrust of Christlike love, and traveling via a specially designed MIA spacecraft, Latterday Saints rocket into orbit around the earth with a program of chainreacting activity, study, and testimony.

From Australia to Japan, South Africa to Norway, or Argentina to Alaska, Latterday Saints and their friends play and pray together as they grow in their appreciation for all that is virtuous, lovely, or of good report or praiseworthy.

4 ArgentinaYoung peo- 5. FormosaGirl's volleyball 6. MexicoBasketball, a universal language.

pie perform folk dance is at borne in Taiwan, in local costume.

7. Hong KingDrama delights the world over 8. Brazil-A folk dance in Brazilian costume.

NEW!

Changes Made At Fall Conference

THE CASE OF THE New assignments were made, and new callings given as the General

BOOK OF MORMON Authorities and general officers of the Church were sustained at the

Saturday morning session September 30, of the semiannual general conWITNESSES ference of the Church.

Elder Gordon B. Hinckley was sustained as a member of the Council

by Eldin Ricks of the Twelve, filling the vacancy occasioned by the call last June 22nd of Elder Hugh B. Brown as a counselor in the First Presidency. Elder

In this popular reexamination of the docHinckley, who has served as an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve uments, the witnesses are "interviewed"since April 1958, has long been associated with the missionary program of by way of published and unpublished the Church, as executive secretary of that important committee.

sources. An ideal gift for the teenager or Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson, a counselor in the Presiding Bishopric

adult who has not yet made up his mind since 1947, was sustained as an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

about the Book of Mormon. Elder Isaacson had served as a counselor to both Bishops LeGrand Richards

is an educator and an insurance executive by Cloth bound $1.50 and Joseph L. Wirthlin. He

profession. At the time of his call as second counselor in the Presiding Bishordering (When mail please by add 14c first to opric, in ( Salt counselor the Yale he was Bishopric. Lake City ) Ward

cost cover of postage handling. and Utah also K. sustained Elder as Packer was to the Boyd an Assistant Council

residents include tax.) 5c for

of the Twelve. He has served as a seminary instructor, as LDS coordinator

of Indian affairs at the Intermountain School, Brigham City. He has

served as assistant to William E. Berrett, vice administrator of the Unified

Church School System.

BOOK OF MORMON STUDY Elder John H. Vandenberg was sustained as Presiding Bishop. He

succeeds Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin in this important calling. (Brother

GUIDE - JUNIOR EDITION Wirthlin is now secretarytreasurer of the Deseret Title Holding Corporation, a new financial organization within the Church.) Bishop Vandenberg by Eldin Ricks

is vice chairman of the Church Building Committee, and filled a mission to the Netherlands from 1925 to 1928. He has been a member of the

Denver (Colorado) Stake presidency, and is currently serving as a counselor in the Ensign (Salt Lake City) Stake presidency.

Elder Robert L. Simpson was sustained as first counselor in the Presiding Bishopric. He has recently returned to his southern California

home from presiding over the New Zealand Mission. Prior to his mission

call he was a member of the Inglewood (California) Stake high council.

Elder Victor L. Brown was sustained as second counselor in the I study Presiding Bishopric. He is a native of Cardston, Alberta, Canada, but at

gruide the time of this call, a resident of Chicago. He attended high school,

business college, and university in Salt Lake City. He is a former bishop

of the Denver Fourth Ward, and counselor in the Denver Stake presidency.

Released as the Presiding Bishopric was Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin

his counselors, Elders B. Isaacson and Thorpe Carl and Buehner. W. abbreviated version of An the author's

S. Mrs. sustained Florence the as Jacobsen general was of president

widely used of Book Study Guide. Mormon the Association, Mutual Young Improvement Women's succeeding Mrs.

For young to 18. people 12

is S. the Reeder. Bertha of Mrs. wife Jacobsen C. Theodore Jacobsen,

LOOSELEAF (81&"xl1") $1.00 former president of the Eastern States Mission where she served with him.

Includes the STORY OF THE FORMATION Since returning from that mission assignment Mrs. Jacobsen has been a

OF THE BOOK OF MORMON PLATES. An member of the YWMIA general board.

Bl'xll"booklet with text and large Sustained as first counselor to Mrs. Jacobsen was Mrs. Margaret R.

drawings illustrating the step by step deJackson. She is the wife of Junius M. Jackson, and together they filled

velopment of the Book of Mormon from a mission in New England, where he presided. Mrs. Jackson interrupted her service on the YWMIA general board to fill that mission, and has Nephi to Joseph Smith that separately

sells for 35c. returned to the general board after completing that assignment.

Mrs. Dorothy P. Holt was sustained as second counselor to Mrs. Jacob-

(Please include 14c to cover cost of postage sen. She is the wife of A. Palmer Holt. At the time of this appointment

ordering when by mail. Residents of Utah Mrs. Holt was teaching Mutual in the Ensign Fourth Ward, Ensign (Salt

include 3c for tax.) Lake City) Stake.

Released with Sister Bertha S. Reeder of the Young Women's Mutual

her counselors, Sisters were Emily Bennett H. and LaRue C. Longden,

Available at L.D.S. bookstores and all of the general members of that organization. board

everywhere. The Improvement Era, its staff and readers, join the Church in

welcoming these brethren and sisters to their new assignments, and wishOLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO. ing success and godspeed to those who have been released.

Box 137 Sugar House Station Salt Lake City, Utah

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA something IS being done about the weather!

Mark Twain said, "Everybody talks about the 4. Locating new areas not subject to urban and

weather, but nobody does anything about it."But industrial expansion, where the weather is

something IS being done about it at Utah State suited to growing fruits and vegetables.

University.

The University is conducting comprehensive Achieving these goals would benefit all phases of agriculture and our entire state as well. The studies of Utah's climate, financed by a Kennecott

grant, seeking four basic goals in the conservation University's past accomplishments can be used to of vital resources: forecast the future results of the present project.

Through Kennecott grants, Utah State University 1. Assisting in the development of water resources in Utah. research projects have produced important benefits

2. Expanding present understanding of the for sheepmen, cattlemen, poultrymen and alfalfa

producers. reaction of plants to such conditions as temperature, wind, humidity and radiation. Grants to Utah State University, as well as to

3. Solving problems related to the growth and other colleges and universities, are just one facet of

reproduction of plants under our arid range Kennecott's program of participation in a wide conditions. range of community activities.

. t > tUtah * '*> *:z. 'Division t I

PROUD TO BE PART OF A GROWING UTAH

The reoMty of Jesus the Christ must be sensed

by you and by me, and the reality of his message must he mine and yours if we hope t< The Reality of advance spiritually and rise above the earth "My Lord and my God."(John 20:28.)

With all my soul I believe with Peter, that impetand the things which are akin to it. A mere uous apostle, that "there is none other name under

heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved."(Acts 4:12.) In that day Christ was real to

belief in Jesus as a great teacher or even as the Peter; and he is just as real today.

The whole philosophy of the progress of man is associated with his divine coming. He is the Son

greatest man that ever lived has proved of God, who took upon himself mortality even as you and I, yet divine, even as you and I may become. In

the march of this spiritual progress there are cer- i rt combating the ills of the world. tain necessary and definite steps, if we can only

sense them.

The first step in spiritual strength is a consciousness of freedom. This is the principle which began when

Christ accepted the appointment of his earthly mission. It is free agency and is fundamental to

individual freedom. In the beginning the Lord asked

for someone to go down on earth to redeem mankind.

One responded saying: "Send me, and I shall make

all men do as I say, but I want the glory!"Another

replied: "Here I am, send me, and you may have the

glory."He would give to each one the right of free

agency. There is the beginning of soul progress. God

desires to make men like himself, but to do so he must first make them free. Yes, it is the sense of

freedom. You may do as you please; accept or reject

the highest and best in life; agree or disagree with

the selfishness, enmity, and antagonism of the world.

Animal instincts permit you to crush your neighbor that you yourself might gain advantage. Accept it, if

Manifestly the need of the world, and particularly you wish, or choose the higher road.

in these times as crisis follows crisis, is more than The second is a sense of selfmastery. Before Jesus

a mere acceptance of the Man of Galilee as the began his ministry, he proved himself capable of greatest of all men. What is really essential is withstanding the tempter. He was tempted yet never

faith in him as a Divine Being—as our Lord and once did he yield, and finally declared: "... be of

Savior. It is such faith as the Apostle Peter experigood cheer; I have overcome the world."(John 16:33.)

enced when he declared: "Thou art the Christ, the Do not yield to the appetites of the flesh in an

Son of the living God."(Matt. 16:16.) It is such effort merely to gain pleasure and happiness. If you

faith as called forth Paul's testimony as he stood do, you will find that the happiness you seek is a a prisoner before Agrippa and bore witness that withered flower that crumbles in your grasp. You

Christ had appeared to him and said: "I am Jesus go and go until you cannot satisfy false appetites

whom thou persecutest...."(Acts 9:5.) It is the without destroying yourself physically.

faith that enabled the doubting Thomas to say: The third step is a sense of obligation. As an aid

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'RESfDEl DAVID O. MCKAY

Jesus the Christ

in developing this spiritual virtue, Jesus Christ, as Mans highest spiritual achievement is to speak and always, is the supreme example. Truly he gave his act for the good of his fellow man to the glory of God,

life for others. "The foxes have holes, and the birds and thus make of life a consecrated possession.

of the air have nests; but the Son of man hath not Christ is real; he lives! "For I know that my

where to lay his head."(Matt. 8:20.) Thus sacrificredeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter

ing his own comforts and even his own needs, he day upon the earth: And though after my skin worms

admonished all to "Love your enemies, bless them destroy this body,'yet in my flesh shall I see God."

that curse you, do good to them that hate you...."(Job 19:2526.)

{Ibid., 5:44.) "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto It is such faith as must have sustained the eleven

one of the least of these... ye have done it unto apostles and at least seventy disciples who met Christ

me."(Ibid., 25:40.) "If you have aught against a after the resurrection. In their minds there was

brother, go to him"—(See ibid., 5:2324.) a sublime absolutely no doubt of his personality. They were

principle, which if accepted and applied, would solve witnesses of the fact. They knew because their eyes

difficulties in communities, cities, and nations. But beheld, their ears heard, their hands felt the corporeal

the Savior did not stop in admonishing the one who presence of the Risen Redeemer. It is that unwaverhas ill will; he went further. Note this: "... if thou ing faith which brought forth this glorious vision

bring thy gift to the altar, and rememberest that thy given jointly to the Prophet Joseph Smith and to brother hath ought against thee; Leave there thy gift Sidney Rigdon:

before the altar, and go thy way; first be reconciled "And now, after the many testimonies which have

to. thy brother, and then come and offer thy gift."been given of him, this is the testimony, last of all,

{Ibid., 5:2324.) which we give of him: That he lives!

When men and nations accept and apply this prin- "For we saw him, even on the right hand of God;

ciple, war will cease. and we heard the voice bearing record that he is the

Service to fellow men makes easier the taking of Only Begotten of the Father—

the fourth step—consecration to Christ and the right. "That by him, and through him, and of him, the

When Jesus met the supreme crisis in the Garden worlds are and were created, and the inhabitants of Gethsemane, he said: "Father,... not my will, thereof are begotten sons and daughters unto God."

but thine, be done."(Luke 22:42.) This is an exam- (D&C 76:2224.)

ple of entire submission of self to the will of God. The mortal life of Jesus the Christ was real. He

Weeks before this he announced the same principle was born of God: the Babe of Bethlehem, the one

in the paradoxical saying: "He that findeth his life perfect Gentleman who ever lived—the Ideal Man

shall lose it: and he that loseth his life for my sake whose character was supreme; our Brother, our

shall find it."(Matt 10:39.) The verity of this princiSavior, the "Anointed One."God help us to make

ple in spiritual growth may be proved by everyday him real in our lives!

experience. If you will consecrate, that is, "lose yourThose who have such assurance in dieir hearts

self"in the study at hand, you will obtain the truth. accept him as "The Way, the Truth, and the Life,"

In other words you will "find yourself."It is true as the one safe guide in this perplexing universe.

that if a musician sits at the piano and plays one of Compliance with the principles of the gospel of the inspiring Beethoven works, if he becomes wholly Jesus Christ brings peace and happiness. Christ offers

unconscious of self, he will win his way into the just these to this warworn world.

hearts of the listeners, but if he fails to lose himself, That the reality of the Christ and the applicability and thinks only of his position, and wonders whether of his teachings in this day to the happiness and he is pleasing his audience, he will certainly fail to progress of man may be more fully realized than ever the degree that he has tried to build himself up. before, should be our prayer at all times.

NOVEMBER 1961 799 One of the most enlightening discourses ever delivered in regard to the atonement is found in theninth chapter of 2 Nephi in the Book of Mormon. It Your Question

is the counsel given by Jacob, brother of Nephi. It

should be carefully read by every person seeking salvation. We have been taught that the greatest gift answered by JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

of God is eternal life, and eternal life comes through PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE obedience to all of the commandments and covenants given to man by our Heavenly Father. There is an

overwhelming lack of understanding in the world inrelation to these principles of salvation and exaltation The Debt We Owe given to prepare mankind for a place in the kingdom of God, and this lack causes many to stumble. There

is no excuse on the part of members of the Church save it should be an infinite atonement this corruption for they have received the necessary revelation dicould not put on incorruption. Wherefore, the first

rectly from the heavens in this Dispensation of the judgment which came upon man must needs have

Fulness of Times. The great mission of the Son of remained to an endless duration. And if so, this flesh

God has been revealed in the Book of Mormon and the must have lain down to rot and to crumble to its

Doctrine and Covenants more clearly than any other mother earth, to rise no more."(2 Nephi 9:6-7.)

place. Many passages that have been misunderBefore continuing with this discourse, let us pause

stood, and therefore mistranslated in the Bible, are and consider the expression that death comes to fulclarified in these sacred volumes. fil the "merciful plan of the great Creator."Many

The greatest debt we owe is to our Redeemer, mortals do not believe that death is a merciful plan.

Jesus Christ, for the great blessings of immortality It is the prevalent belief that Adam committed a and eternal life. Immortality is the gift vouchsafed dreadful sin in partaking of the forbidden fruit. Comto every soul, for the edict has gone forth from the mentators have written that this act was "man's

throne of God that the resurrection must be just as shameful fall,"as though through partaking of the broad as the fall. Adam was the person who brought fruit Adam and Eve brought into the world a condideath into the world, and no member of his family tion of misery and death that could have been

is held accountable for death and therefore will reavoided; and Adam and his posterity could have lived

ceive the resurrection. It is through the love and in peace, love, and contentment, free from death had

mercy of the Son of God for humanity that this not they transgressed. Mother Eve had revealed to

redemption comes. His extreme suffering and cruel her the true purpose for the fall wherein she said:

death upon the cross brought to pass the atonement "... Were it not for our transgression we never

for Adam's transgression and redeems every creature should have had seed, and never should have known who partook of the fall from the grave, including his good and evil, and the joy of our redemption, and the bitter enemies who cried out against him—"Let him eternal life which God giveth unto all the obedient."

be crucified!"Yes, they also are beneficiaries of the (Moses 5:11.)

atonement and shall receive the resurrection although The fall therefore was a necessary part of the plan they will likewise suffer for their dreadful sin. of salvation, and Jacob speaks of it as a "merciful

Let us reflect on some of the great truths portrayed plan of the Creator."Surely no one wishes to remain

in Jacob's message which was written, not only for in mortality when he becomes old and helpless.

his own people but for the benefit of the entire world. Death comes to all as a merciful, and not a fearful

"For as death hath passed upon all men, to fulfil thing, especially to the person who dies with the the merciful plan of the great Creator, there must assurance of a righteous resurrection. Lehi, father

needs be a power of resurrection, and the resurrection of Jacob, informs us that "Adam fell that men might must needs come unto man by reason of the fall; and be; and men are, that they might have joy."

the fall came by reason of transgression; and because (2 Nephi 2:25.)

man became fallen they were cut off from the presThe fall of Adam and Eve gave the human race ence of the Lord. the privilege of mortal existence which otherwise they

"Wherefore, it must needs be an infinite atonement—would not have received. Thus all the experiences

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gained in mortality would have been lost to us if advance after the resurrection to the fulness of the this divine plan had not been adopted. We must blessings which the Lord has promised to those who

not think that the death of the body is the end of man are faithful. They have been promised that they

and that when we die the body returns to the earth shall become sons and daughters of God, joint heirs to rise no more. Jacob has pointed out clearly what with Jesus Christ, and if they have been true to the

the consequences would have been if the physical commandments and covenants the Lord has given us, death were the end of the mortal body, and how to be kings and priests and queens and priestesses, the Father had prepared the way for man's redemppossessing the fulness of the blessings of the celestial tion, through the atonement of Jesus Christ. This kingdom. This great promise was made to the spirits

redemption was the plan adopted before the foundaof men before the foundation of the earth was laid.

tion of the earth. The Lord has renewed this promise to us if we will

"O the wisdom of God, his mercy and grace! For patiently endure the ills of the flesh as well as receive

behold, if the flesh should rise no more our spirits the blessings and go through the trials and tribulations must become subject to that angel who fell from faithfully to the end.

before the presence of the Eternal God, and became Our Redeemer so loved the world that he volunthe devil, to rise no more. teered to come and suffer by the shedding of his blood

"And our spirits must have become like unto him, and thus pay the debt of the fall and make it possible and we become devils, angels to a devil, to be shut for every soul to gain a place in his celestial kingdom.

out from the presence of our God, to remain with No one can fully realize the price that Jesus paid to the father of lies, in misery, like unto himself; yea, to make our salvation and exaltation possible. He has

that being who beguiled our first parents, who transdescribed it in the following words:

formeth himself nigh unto an angel of light, and "For behold, I, God, have suffered these things for stirreth up the children of men unto secret combinaall, that they might not suffer if they would repent;

tions of murder and all manner of secret works of "But if they would not repent they must suffer darkness. even as I;

"O how great the goodness of our God, who pre- "Which suffering caused myself, even God, the pareth a way for our escape from the grasp of this greatest of all, to tremble because of pain, and to awful monster; yea, that monster, death and hell, bleed at every pore, and to suffer both body and

which I call the death of the body, and also the death spirit—and would that I might not drink the bitter

of the spirit. cup, and shrink—

"And because of the way of deliverance of our God, "Nevertheless, glory be to the Father, and I parthe Holy One of Israel, this death, of which I have took and finished my preparations unto the children spoken, which is the temporal, shall deliver up its of men."(D&C 19:1619.)

dead; which death is the grave. Is it possible to think of any fate that would be

"And this death of which I have spoken, which is as terrible as to be denied the resurrection, our spirits the spiritual death, shall deliver up its dead; which becoming subject to Satan forever? How grateful

spiritual death is hell; wherefore, death and hell must to our Redeemer every soul should be to think that

deliver up their dead, and hell must deliver up its Jesus so loved the world that he was willing to suffer captive spirits, and the grave must deliver up its and redeem every soul from death and give us the captive bodies, and the bodies and the spirits of men resurrection of the dead. Surely every member of

will be restored one to the other; and it is by the the Church of Jesus Christ should be willing to show

power of the resurrection of the Holy One of Israel. gratitude by obedience to the Savior's commandments.

(Ibid., 9:8-12.) No mortal can fully realize the price that he paid.

What could be more dreadful than such a fate as No mortal could have stood the anguish and suffering that the body should be eternally destroyed, and the of such a sacrifice. It was a sacrifice that a God had

spirit be left as it was before the mortal life? What to endure. It is an insignificant price we are asked

could have been gained? Yet there are many who to pay, and we should be willing to pay it in the spirit

have departed from the teachings of the Savior who of thanksgiving, love, and obedience to every divine deny the resurrection. The main purpose for our command. As he loves us, so we should love him,

mortal existence is that we might obtain tabershowing our deep gratitude in obedience and in nacles of flesh and bones for our spirits that we might humble prayer.

NOVEMBER 1961 801 LESSED ARE THEY THAT HAVE NOT SEEN, YET HAVE BELIEVED.

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., a member of the

First Presidency of the Church since 1933, passed away October 6 as this issue of the Era was being made ready to go to press. This stimulating article by

President Clark had already been planned for inclusion,

Fortunately the Era in the September issue paid tribute to this beloved leader just prior to his passing, by a full color portrait on the cover and an insviring account of his life and works written by Elder Harold

B. Lee of the Council of the Ttvelve, the rereading of

which article we commend to all.

Along with members of the Church throughout the world we mourn Ms passing but know that he will live forever in the hearts of Latterday Saints because of long years of devoted service he rendered toward building the kingdom, and the innumerable stimulating addresses and articles such as this one which he has left for us.

BY PRESIDENT J, REUBEN CLARK, JR.

Much crowds upon our minds as we contemplate the resurrection of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.

Brother Antoine Ivins told me that he recently purchased a book, a new life of Christ, which apparently opens with the question which the author says confronts Christianity: Was Jesus resurrected, and

was he the Son of God? For nearly 2,000 years that has been the

question. Both have been answered in the negative by pagans and

others from the very first. Jesus had hardly risen until both were

answered "No"by the populace. And from then till now the world

has been divided into two great groups, those who believed and those who did not In thejast years—half or threequarters of a century—even among

the Christians, socalled, these two questions have presented themselves, and it does seem as if day by day more and more lack the testimony that gives to us the answer, "Yes."

"From an Easter address delivered by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Sunday, April 1,

1956, in the North 18th Ward Chapel, Ensign Stake.

"Christ Blessing the Disciples"by Anton

Dorph.

If I were to speak as if today were nearly 2,000 years ago, I would tell you that before daybreak this morning, while it was still dark, a priest climbed to the topmost part of the great walls that enclosed the temple precincts and stood there looking southward. He stood 450

feet above the valley floor. The priests

below would call out, "Is it yet light?"

and the second question would be, "Is it light as far as Hebron?"the early capital

of David before he took Jerusalem from the Jebusites. And when the answer

came back "Yes,"that was the signal for the beginning of the morning sacrifice in the temple.

Some believe that it was from this pinnacle that Satan, tempting, sought to have Jesus cast himself down since it was written that God would give his angels charge concerning his Son, and in their hands they should bear him up, lest any time the Son should dash his foot against a stone, and Jesus replied, saying, "It is written again, Thou shaft not tempt the Lord thy God."(Matt.

4:6-7.) At that same hour a solitary woman, half running, half walking, went out from the narrow streets of Jerusalem across the valley to Golgotha, where last

Friday they had laid away in the tomb our Lord and Savior. She went to the

tomb wondering and found it empty.

She returned as fast as she could to

Peter and John, whom she had just left and told them the tomb was empty.

To this point of time and for some time after, none of the apostles seemingly had understood what we, understand now so clearly, that Jesus was to die and be resurrected the Christ.

Peter and John, John outrunning Peter, for he was younger, went to the tomb. John hesitated and did

not go in, but Peter did. He saw lying there on the

floor in the tomb the burial clothes. The napkin was

carefully folded and placed at one side. John then

found courage and went in; and John believed. Peter

seems not yet to have been convinced. They returned.

And then it would appear that Mary, coming alone,

I suppose, as fast as she could, came to the tomb the second time. She stood weeping. She saw two angels

sitting, one at the head and one at the feet, where the body had lain. They asked why she wept. She answered that they had taken away her Lord, and she

knew not where they had laid him.

She saw outside a personage whom she addressed, thinking it was the gardener. He asked why she wept.

She asked the personage where the body was. He

spoke, calling her by name, "Mary."Then, as seems

to have been the case all during the day, something happened, and she recognized the Master and would have rushed and embraced him, but the Savior said to her, "Touch me not; for I am not yet ascended to

my Father:... and your Father; and to my God, and

your God."(John 20:17.)

Shortly after this (I may say that the account cannot be strictly and chronologically arranged), but shortly after this, the two Marys came with other women, bringing with them a hundred pounds of Two children walk hand in hand to school on a June morning sweet spices to be used for the preparation of the along a typical street in the Holy City.

body for final burial. They did not understand either.

As they came, they wondered who would -roll the stone away from the mouth of the tomb. But the

Lord had taken care of that.

Before Mary came, there had been a great earthquake, and an angel had come and rolled back the stone from the door and sat upon it. His countenance

was like lightning and his raiment white as snow.

The guards placed at the tomb to make sure the body was not stolen by the disciples had shaken with fear and become as dead men.

The women looked in and saw two angels were there. And the angel said to them: "Ye seek Jesus

of Nazareth. He is not here. He is risen."(See

Mark 16:6.) Looking through the Garden of Gethsemane across the Kidron

From then till now, the words of that angel stand Valley toward Jerusalem.

a witness to us of the actuality of the resurrection.

Contrary to the reception which Jesus gave to

Mary, and I offer no explanation for the difference So the day began. During that day two of the

(I have heard explanations), Jesus permitted the disciples were on their way to Emmaus, and as they women not only to come near to him but to embrace went along, Jesus joined them. They were evidently

his feet. He charged the women to go and tell the in deep and earnest conversation, for the Savior asked

disciples, which they did. And the disciples believed them what they were talking about. They asked him

not, thinking these reports were but the idle words had he not heard the news. They proceeded to tell

of women. him about the resurrection. As they walked on

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA conversing, they came to the village. They went in to to be. They fished all night and caught nothing. As

eat, Jesus apparently explaining to them all the while they drew near the shore in the early light of the the sayings of Moses that applied to him. Still they next morning, they saw standing on the shore of the

did not recognize him. Finally he took bread and lake, a figure who called to them and said, "Cast the

broke it, and then in a flash it came to them who net on the right side of the ship and ye shall find."

he was. And he passed from their sight. (Ibid., 21:6.) They cast their net; it was immediately

During the same day, he appeared to Peter, the filled with fishes.

circumstances connected with which we have not Then John, apparently remembering the same been told. And then when the evening came and miracle which had happened when he and James

the disciples, the apostles, were gathered together in had been called to follow Jesus, said to Peter, "It is a room, the doors and windows being shut, Jesus the Lord,"(Ibid., 21:7) and Peter, gathering his

the Christ appeared among them. They were coat about him for he was naked—I think there was a

frightened; they thought it was a spirit. He told great lesson there that Christ should not be apthem he was not a spirit, that it was he. He displayed proached except by those properly clothed—wrapped

his hands and his feet and the spear thrust in his his coat about him, jumped into the water and waded side; he said to them, "a spirit hath not flesh and ashore. When they had all come ashore, they found

bones, as ye see me have."(Luke 24:39.) Thomas was that the Savior had there some fish and bread laid

not there. Apparently the apostles did not fully on coals. He had eaten with them the second Sunday

believe. There was hesitation. when Thomas was there. Apparently he ate now.

Sometime, it appears, during the day (we have no And I have thought there was a lesson in this, that detailed record of the event, merely chronicled by the resurrected beings may also eat our food, if,

Paul), the Savior appeared to James. There is no when, and as they wish.

record of his appearing, that I have seen, to John. It was on that occasion that the great colloquy

These seem to have been the total appearances on occurred between Jesus and Peter, when thrice the the day of the resurrection. Lord said to Peter, "Lovest thou me more than these?"

But how well authenticated it is, and unless we (Ibid., 21:15ff. ) I suppose he meant the fish, and 1

are to declare that the sacred records are false, they can see that the point of it was that Peter and the answer in the affirmative the question of the pagans others had more or less given up the work for the of those days and of these days, and of some of the Savior and gone fishing. Peter thrice answered, "Yea,

Christians, socalled, of today, that Jesus was resurLord; thou knowest that I love thee."Thrice the

rected and that he was the Son of God. Savior answered, "Feed my sheep."

A week later—I have said Thomas was not present Thereafter the Savior appeared to all of the disciples

at the first meeting—Thomas was now gathered with gathered together on a mountain, and the record

the apostles. There were eleven of them. Judas had says this was the third time that he met all of

committed suicide in the meanwhile. The Savior the apostles.

again appeared among them though the windows and Still later—he remained on the earth, it is said,

doors were closed. The Lord asked Thomas to come for some forty days, according to tradition—later he

and feel his body, the marks of the nails in his hands met some 500 souls up near the Sea of Galilee, and and in his feet, the spear thrust in his side, and I am lastly Paul said that he saw him, "As of one born out sure, the marks of the crown of thorns on his foreof due time."(1 Cor. 15:8.) I do not know what

head. Thomas believed, and the Savior told him, that meant.

"Thomas, because thou hast seen me, thou hast Meanwhile he had come to the Western Continent believed: blessed are they that have not seen, and and had spent three great, glorious days here, teachyet have believed."Thomas answered: "My Lord ing the people, showing to them of this continent

and my God.'(John 20:2829.) his hands and his feet and the spear thrust in his side.

And that is the situation in which the great bulk You can find few facts in history better authentiof us now live and have lived since that time. We cated than that Jesus was resurrected and was the

have believed, not seeing with our mortal eyes, but Son of God. The testimony of untold millions since

enjoying all of the blessings which are incident to that time bears witness to these facts.

such a sight. I want to read to you from the Book of Mormon a

Thereafter, having seen even these things, Peter few words of the Savior, spoken here when he first and John and James, Thomas and Nathaniel went came, before the time to which I have just called fishing on the Sea of Galilee. The apostles seem to attention, because it tells in a few words the condihave had no real vision of what their mission was tion in which the (Continued on page 862)

NOVEMBER 1961 805 | Even in this day of 600 milean-hour jet travel, two things seem never to cease to amaze even the most seasoned traveler: (1) how far one can go, and

(2) how much he can see in a few brief days.

Not many years ago a trip to the Holy Land from distant climes would have consumed several months'time. It is a little hard to realize that today on a two

weeks'vacation, if a person is willing to bypass the countries in between, he can travel by air to the

Holy Land, visit many places of interest, and be back at his work almost before he realizes he has gone.

...,j From the east coast of Canada or the United States

it is a mere six hour flight to Europe. Another five

hours'flying time will see one in Lebanon or Egypt.

From either of these points, it is only another two hours at the most to Jerusalem. Even with layovers,

in less time than it must have taken the Savior toVISITING THE travel from Nazareth to the Holy City, one today can reach Jerusalem from almost any major city in the world.

How much time does a person need to "see"the

Holy Land? For the usual traveler, a week may be

all that is required.

It seems surprising that a country so important in the history of the world could be so small. The

boundaries of this land have changed through the years, but generally speaking, the country we know

BY DOYLE L. GREEN. MANAGING EDITOR as the Holy Land has consisted of some 10,000 squareLAND miles, an area which would fit into the state of Utah

about 8V2 times. Even though two of the twelve

tribes of Israel remained on the east side of the

Jordan River and at times this "TransJordan"area has been included in Palestine, during much of its history the country has extended from the Mediterranean Sea only to the Jordan River, and from just above the ancient city of Dan on the north to the city of Beersheba on the south, a distance of some 150 miles as the crow flies. Between the Mediterranean

and the Dead Sea, Palestine is fifty to seventy miles wide. It tapers off at the northern end until it is

about thirty miles wide between the Mediterranean and the Sea of Galilee.

But if today's traveler is to visit the places of interest connected with the life of the Savior, he must plan his itinerary with care. Thirteen years ago Palestine

was divided (see accompanying map) between Israel and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, and today the border cannot be crossed indiscriminately. In fact,

except two occasions during the year—Christmas and Easter—when

the government of Jordan opens the Mandelbaum Gate in JeruThe top of a column found salem as a special favor to pilamong the ruins of the synagrims from across the border, gogue at Capernaum, where Jesus may have taught. there is virtually no traffic from

806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Leading a donkey carrying supplies, a shepherd moves his flock in the hills of the Holy Land.

Israel into Jordan. Nor will the Jordanian government generally issue

a visa to a person to enter the country from any point if he has recently visited Israel (as shown by an Israeli visa).

Thousands of tourists each year, attracted into Israel by the colorful travel folders and other publicity, are disappointed in not being able to cross the border and visit such places as the walled city of

Jerusalem, the Mount of Olives, Bethlehem, Jericho, the lower Jordan

River Valley, and Samaria.

The cardinal rule to follow in planning a trip to the Holy Land today is to visit Jordan first. Visas to Jordan (but not to Israel) are

best obtained before leaving home. It is generally possible for a

traveler to get permission through his home country consulate in

Jerusalem to cross into Israel. A twentyfour hour period usually is

required for the proper clearance to be made.

What is the best time of year to visit Palestine? The answer to

this question will depend a good deal on personal preference. If

one is interested in taking photographs, the late winter or early spring months are said to be the best because there is less haze.

The geography and topography of Palestine, fascinating to study, have an interesting effect on the climate of the country. Climatic

NOVEMBER 1961 807 conditions vary greatly in different parts of the land, but generally the area is dry and hot. A range of mountains, or "hills,"

extends the entire length of Palestine.

These are the highest in the north and in the south where some "peaks"reach more than 3,000 feet above sea level. High

on the summit of these bleak hills in the southern province of Judea, is the Holy

City of Jerusalem. It is almost 2,500 feet

above sea level and 3,800 feet above the level of the Dead Sea which is about fifteen miles to the east. Bethlehem, six miles

south of the Holy City, is also in the tops of the Judean hills.

The weather in the hill country can get cold from December to February, with rain and sleet, and on rare occasions even snow, although snow seldom stays on the ground more than an hour or two. The

summers are generally pleasant with hot days and tolerably cool nights. The Judean

hills, being very rugged, have in days past furnished natural strongholds and fortifications for cities. These give way now and

then to narrow valleys where vegetables and grain are grown. Olive groves and

..... R WTi;<*....>. *. - - - v.. v.. c

* 4&*\k fa.;/ *

Above. The Jordan River meanders some 120 miles

between the Sea of Galilee and the Dead Sea.

Left. Against a backdrop of cypress trees, camels

move through the Holy Land with their heavy loads.

vineyards and even grains and other crops adorn some of the steep hillsides. Further north in the provinces

known as Samaria and Galilee in the time of the

Savior, the country is generally less rugged and more pleasant and inviting with more streams, greener hills, fruitful acres, and wider valleys.

The Sea of Galilee is some 680 feet below sea level, and the Dead Sea, sixtyfive miles to the south and the lowest place on the earth's surface, is about 1,286 feet below sea level. This means, of course, that the

entire Jordan River Valley between the Sea of Galilee forPlowingcenturieshis smallthroughoutfield, thisthe MiddleEgyptianEast.employs methods used

and the Dead Sea is below tide level. In this valley *&***'. **

the climate is very hot most of the year with the thermometer often reaching 120 degrees F. in the

shade.

West of the mountains are the plains which fall off rapidly toward the Mediterranean Sea. The

climate along the Mediterranean is comparable to that of Florida and other similar areas, semitropical and delightful most of the year.

There are a number of A typical Jerusalem street scene taken inside the Damascus Gate.

excellent and reasonable hotels in old Jerusalem and other cities in Jordan, as 67 A. D., has been rebuilt—destroyed and rebuilt

well as throughout Israel. The food and water are several times since. Although the present city is on

usually good, and if one is careful he should not be the same site as the former ones, it is somewhat too concerned about dysentery or diarrhea, although higher. The Pool of Bethesda, for example, where

it is wise for any westerner traveling in these areas to the Savior healed the invalid on the Sabbath, is about carry with him suitable medication for these ailments. twentyfive feet below the present surface of the

Arrangments can be made through hotels or travel surrounding area. Even the wall of the city is "new,"

services for automobiles with drivers and guides. although parts of it are built upon the foundations or

Driveit-yourself cars are not available in Jordan but the top of the old wall.

can be had in Israel. Consequently in walking the streets of Jerusalem

Some travelers are disappointed with their visit and some other cities, a visitor should be aware that to the Holy Land, perhaps because they do not go he may not be walking the streets that Jesus walked.

prepared for what they see and experience. A trip, When he visits the "home"of Mary, Martha, and

if it is to be really worthwhile, should be preceded Lazarus in Bethany, or the carpenter shop in Nazareth, by extensive reading and studying about the country, or the "upper room"in Jerusalem, it is well to reboth as to the past and present. member that there is only a remote chance that these

One should remember that nearly two thousand were the actual buildings that the Savior saw. These

years have passed since the time of the Savior. He sites and many others have been established by tradishould be aware that many of the places connected tion, but an honest visitor will raise many questions

with Jesus'life are not known with any degree of as to their authenticity.

certainty. (See article "... There Laid They Jesus"Today's tourists are not the first to be confused,

on page 846. however. Early Crusaders, seeing the beautiful

New cities are often built upon the ruins of old Moslem mosque, "The Dome of the Rock,"in the ones in the Near East. Jerusalem, destroyed in southeast corner of the city, supposed it to be the

NOVEMBER 1961 809 same spot that it was in the time of the Savior, and although no one can be sure that the limestone cave under the Church of the Nativity, which is said to be the oldest Christian church in the world, dating back to 330 A.D., is the actual place where Jesus was born,

still in some such limestone cave in the area this wondrous event occurred.

The wilderness of Judea has probably changed little over the centuries except for the asphalt road that

Beersheba today. This town is frequently referred to in the

Bible as the southernmost limit of Palestine. connects Jerusalem and Jericho. Riding along this

road in a comfortable American car, one may see the shepherds tending their flocks as they have for centuries, and visit the ruins of "The Inn of the Good Samaritan,"and the "Well of the

Disciples,"from which the Savior must have refreshed himself many times.

In the Jordan River Valley one will enjoy a visit to, and a swim in, the Dead Sea. From the

north end of this body of water to the Qumran area where the Dead Sea Scrolls were found is a mere ten miles.

The Jordan River is ever fascinating, and even though the course of the river might have changed during the last two thousand years, it is good to temple Jesus knew. Plans for it were carried back visit the stream in which Jesus was baptized.

to their home countries, and many Christian churches Throughout the country, one can see the olive trees, were built throughout Europe after its likeness. the vineyards, the fields of grain as they must have

Herod's Temple, of course, was destroyed in 67 A. D. looked when Jesus walked that way, and in much

along with the city. of the area the people still pursue their farming with

With all of this, a visit to the Holy Land can be the same crude methods that have been used for most inspirational and rewarding. many centuries.

In many ways, the present city of Jerusalem must Jericho is a beautiful and interesting city, with be similar to the old one—the construction of the myriads of flowering trees. One remembers it as

walls, the narrow streets, the buildings. Many the city where the Savior healed two blind men, and

fascinating hours can be spent walking the streets of where he stayed in the home of Zacchaeus, the tax the city of Jerusalem and visiting such places as the collector. Nearby are diggings at the site of ancient

Pool of Bethesda, the Garden Tomb, and Gordon's Jericho. Walls and buildings have been discovered

Calvary. (See story page 846.) One can visit the here that date back before 2,000 B.C. These archaetemple site and know with a good deal of assurance ological findings and many others throughout the

that this is the area on which the temple stood in the Holy Land help to substantiate and verify Old Testadays of the Savior, where he was brought as a baby, ment accounts. In fact, the whole of Palestine is

where his parents found him at twelve talking to the a treasure house for archaeological studies. Fascilearned men, and where he visited several times nating explorations have been made on the floor of

during his ministry. Visiting the Mount of Olives, the south end of the Dead Sea where some authorities

the traditional site of the Garden of Gethsemane, and think that perhaps the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah nearby Bethany can be an inspirational experience, were located. We are anxiously awaiting further

and one can know with some assurance that Jesus reports of these explorations.

walked that way many times. One of the most visited places in Samaria is Jacob's

The little town of Bethlehem is situated on the Well, enclosed within a part of an unfinished church,

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and if one brings his own cup or has the courage to use a dipper that has been touched by thousands of lips, he can actually drink the delightfully cool and refreshing water drawn in a bucket from the ancient well dug by the patriarch Jacob himself. This is

the same well from which the Savior drank, and near which he preached the sermon of the living water to the woman of Samaria.

At Nablus, about twentyfive miles north of Jerusalem, one can have the very interesting experience of visiting and talking with the leading men of the

Samaritans. Interestingly enough, for many years

these people have married only within their own race, and there are only about 370 of them left in the world—some 200 in Nablus and the remainder in

Haifa in Israel.

In the southwestern part of the city is a relatively new synagogue, which is the only Samaritan house of worship in the world. In the synagogue can be

found a high priest or his son, who participate in the priestly offices and do no work. To tourists, however,

they tell the story of their people, their history, and their religious claims. They also show a very ancient scroll, which they say is the oldest book in the

world. This is a handwritten manuscript of the

Pentateuch which is their holy book, and which they say is 3,600 years old. It is carefully kept in a locked

case inside a unique cylindrical bronze container

Top. Jacob's Well in upper Samaria

today is enclosed by a part of an

Eastern Orthodox church.

Above. The old JerusalemJericho

road running through the wilderness of Judea.

Right. The west part of the temple

area in the Holy City. At the left is

the Dome of the Rock, a Moslem mosque built on the site of Herod's

Temple.

made in Persia. The manuscript is written on sheepskin parchment some eightytwo feet long in ancient

Hebrew, which the priest says is the oldest language in the world. If one happens to visit their synagogue

on a Saturday, their Sabbath, they will solicit no contributions and sell no souvenirs. But on appointment one of the priests will meet one in his hotel

in Jerusalem to tell him more about their religion and their people and to solicit interest in buying pamphlets, a miniature (Continued on page 859)

Censoring the Joseph Smith Story

BY HUGH NIBLEY

CONCLUSION

An exceedingly wild story was attributed to Martin Aaron's Rod, the Pot of Manna, etc., etc., now remain

Harris by the Weekly Visitor in 1841, a story which hid."78 Again the free invention—the Ark, the Rod,

Harris was reported to have told back in 1827—what and the Pot are a unique contribution of the writer;

memories these people have! According to this, after but along with that go the now familiar motifs

a futile attempt to get the plates "Joe went alone in of angelic visitation and faceto-face conversation silence home and was met on the way by an angel with Christ.

in the woods: 'He spoke in a voice of thunder, and Pixley's complaint is confirmed in the reports of a

forked lightning shot through the trees and ran along great mass meeting that was held at Independence, the ground. The terror of the Divine messenger's Missouri, on July 20, 1833. There was a report:

appearance instantly struck Smith to the earth, and "The committee fears that... they (the Mormons)

he felt his whole frame convulsed with agony'... the will soon have all the offices in the county in their

angel upbraided him and disappeared. 'Smith went hands; and that the lives and property of other citizens

home trembling and full of terror. Another Divine would be insecure, under the administration of men

communication was made to him, authorizing him to who are so ignorant and superstitious as to believe go alone and bring the chest and deposit it secretly that they have been the subjects of miraculous and under the hearth of his dwelling.'"76 Again the sugsupernatural cures; hold converse with God and his

gestive and misleading quotes, again the garbled angels, and possess and exercise the gifts of divinastories; this is another example of how thoroughly tion, and of unknown tongues."79

corrupted the first vision story can get, but the The Missouri Intelligencer and Boone's Lick Adverfamiliar elements are there: Joseph Smith alone in tiser of August 10, 1833 reports it thus:

the silent woods, the light in the treetops, the young "What would be the fate of our lives and property, man struck to the ground and overcome so that "he in the hands of jurors and witnesses, who would not felt his whole frame convulsed with agony,"the aweblush to declare and would not upon occasion hesisome appearance of "the Divine messenger,"who tate to swear, that they have wrought miracles and gives him instructions, the specification that the vision supernatural cures; have converse with God and His

about the plates came later as well as the useful angels; and possess and exercise the gift of divination

information that this story is being told at the thirdand of unknown tongues... may be better imagined

hand after a lapse of many years. The authority for than described."80

this story is an editor of the Episcopal Recorder of "Of their pretended revelations from Heaven,"an

Philadelphia, who describes in detail how Harris told editor comments, "their personal intercourse with God the tale to him "early in the autumn of 1827."77 A and his Angels—the maladies they pretend to heal by

very unflattering retelling of the first vision story—the laying on of hands—and the contemptible gibberish

what else could one expect?—but at least an early one. with which they profane the Sabbath... we have

On October 12, 1832, one J. B. Pixley wrote a nothing to say."80 Alexander Majors claims to have

worried letter to the editor of the Christian Watchman, had a conversation with Joseph Smith in Missouri at in which he deplored the coming of the Mormons to this time: "I told him frankly [Majors reports] that

Missouri. What particularly annoyed this correit [the trouble with the mobs] grew out of the fact

spondent was that the invaders had not changed any that they claimed to have seen an angel, and to have of the crazy ideas they had back in Ohio and New received a new revelation from God.... He then

York: "... their creed,"he wrote, "appears to have scouted the idea that people would receive such

undergone but little change.... The Mormons still treatment as they did merely because they claimed

prefer to talk with angels, visit the third heaven, and to have seen angels and talked with God and claimed converse with Christ face to face. They pretend to to have a new revelation."81 Whether Majors is gildhave discovered where the Ark of the Covenant, ing the lily or not, it is clear that the one thing that

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA most enraged the Missourians when the Mormons first for our story—1877! The proof of this sensational

came to Missouri in the early 1830's was the Mormon claim is as follows:

claim that somebody had "seen angels and talked "Brigham Young said, 'The Lord did not come...

with God."But He did send His angel to this same obscure

This writer has made no systematic search of "intiperson, Joseph Smith, Jun.,.'.. and informed him that

mations"of the first vision story in early Mormon he should not join any of the religious sects of the day, and antiMormon writings. What we have presented for they were all wrong;... '(Journal of Discourses,

here is simply what we have turned up on short Vol. 2, p. 171.)"

notice among a lot of old notes which we gathered What Brigham Young did say at the place indiyears ago with a wholly different project in view; cated was:

but it is quite enough to refute the claim that not a "But as it was in the days of our Savior, so it was single intimation that anyone ever heard the first in the advent of this new dispensation.... The

vision story is to be found anywhere between 1820 Lord did not come with the armies of heaven, in and 1840. What the present state of the evidence power and great glory, nor send His messenger

most strongly suggests is that Joseph Smith did tell panoplied with aught else than the truth of heaven, his story to some of his followers at an early date, to communicate to the meek, lowly, the youth of that the story got abroad, as such things will, and humble origin, the sincere inquirer after the knowlin the process of being handed around inevitably edge of God. But he did send his angel to this same

became contaminated and corrupted beyond recogniobscure person, Joseph Smith, Jun., who afterwards

tion, until at last Joseph Smith was obliged to issue became a Prophet, Seer, and Revelator, and informed a public statement. He did this reluctantly, confining him that he should not join any of the religious sects

his report to bare essentials. Throughout his life of the day, for they were all wrong."

Joseph Smith was never eager to tell the story of By suppressing most of the first sentence, which his first vision. This is a thing which the publicityexplains that as in ancient times the Lord did not

minded writers of antiMormon books seem quite income himself nor send his messengers in visible capable of comprehending; hungry for "success"and splendor, our critics make the sentences appear to say

attention themselves, they find it simply inconceivthat he did not come at all. And by further juggling

able that Joseph Smith or any of the prophets should it is made to appear that the Lord sent an angel have "kept it close, and told no man of any of those instead of coming himself, and that it was the angel things which they had seen."(Luke 9:36.) For them who told Joseph Smith that all the religious sects

the complete proof that Joseph Smith had no first were wrong. Actually the statement "the Lord did

vision is that he did not advertise it. not come"is promptly followed by the fuller specifiThey're Still at It: cation "... nor sent His messenger,"which our critics

We should not conclude without referring the have carefully omitted, since that makes it perfectly reader to a mimeographed sheet which was widely clear that Brigham Young is denying neither class of circulated in the mail in Utah during the third week heavenly manifestation, but simply stating that they of February of the present year (1961), and which did not happen in a particular way; for in the next

brings our little study conveniently up to date.82 sentence he goes on to specify that God "did send his

The writing begins with a pompous and resounding angel to this same obscure person,"and God (not declaration: "It had recently been discovered that "who"!) "informed him that he should not join any

the teaching that God the Father and his Son Jesus of the religious sects...."God both instructed Joseph

Christ appeared to Joseph Smith in 1820 was not a Smith and sent his angel—but he did not do either

part of early church doctrine until after the death of in visible splendor.

Brigham Young."This gives us a new terminal date Next our discoverers (Continued on page 865)

NOVEMBER 1961 813 m evening Squire Daniel II. Wells came around to

tsimm. BRave WptWtt"he said. "The

residents of Nauvoo are begging the governor to send us some protection.";

SqiurJ/wejls.,"I asked, "why is it that law and

order elinrid*fe&, pwtained here? Why is it unsafe

ti i Tj'iterrrffi)'ven to go out to harvest a crop

Bout being attacked and beaten by a mob?"

Jino1 is a border state and attracts many outlaws.

appointed officers are sometimes men of un- 'vfjkst''That makes it difficult for the honest sito -ptfteirViuty."He paced the floor, his hands

nTijidiGnation beneath his coattails. "It

isn't; saferbr Mprmonsoianyone who associates with

them. Nauvoo use4; $Ptiig Ine most respectable, quiet,

"For us this is Zion, over there is Babylon."

orderly city in Illinois. No liquor was sold here,

seldom broke the law. There was even an

>rdmauoe against swearing. Now you see what things

have tome to. The governor has sent six different

detachments (if troops to try to keep order in the past year, and every one has resigned in defeat."

As Squire \\eils.tuieaV*p--leave, I could not resist

asking him one more question..

"Do vou know Simon Kiiicaid?"1 asked and was

angry with myself for blus1\i"ng, "Yes, indeed. He is a fine man;"c 9

"What is his trade?"

"He is a tanner. He goes about (he country buynig hides. HWSlB'--%.%%

I confess I was disappointed. I knew that being a

f?* Kv;.-;"s* ***

.."

it v tk "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA? Mr. / -""

tanner was not an unworthy business, but somehow children. He was polite but aloof when I told him I

it did not fit my idea of Simon Kincaid. was the present owner of his house. He seemed like

The midAugust weather turned oppressively hot, a man from whom all emotion had been wrung. He

as only the midwest can be hot And then it began took the toys and books and thanked me briefly, while to rain. For three days we were confined to the house the children's faces lighted at the sight of their

while it poured. I busied myself cleaning cupboards, familiar things.

and in doing so I came across some things left by "I also have some letters,"I said, fetching them the former owners: a dolly, very prettily made, with from my bag. "They are addressed to you."

clothes of dainty stitching; a little carved horse and He reached for the letters, looked at the handwagon; a child's primer and speller; and a packet of writing, and then his control began to break. "These

letters addressed to a certain Jonathan Gunn. are from my wife, written to me on my mission."

I resolved on a course of action I had long been "I am sure that she will be glad to have them considering—to pay the builder of our house a visit. back."

The next day the rain stopped as suddenly as it "She is dead."

had begun, and the sun smiled down on a world still I tried to say, "I am sorry,"but the words would glistening wet. I tucked the articles I had found not come.

into a carpetbag and walked down to the river. I did "She died of the fever last week. We rowed back

not tell Dolly and Jeremy where I was going. They across the river secretly at night, to bury her where

supposed me bound for a neighbor's to quilt. she wished to be."

I found a man lounging beside a boat. "Would you "I can well understand such a wish. Nauvoo is a

please take me across the river to the Mormon camp?"beautiful city, and you built a most beautiful house."

I asked. "I am a cabinetmaker and carpenter,"he said. And

He was most reluctant to do so, until I offered him then looking at me steadily, he asked, "I am curious a dollar. "But I won't wait around fer ye,"he said. to know, how much did you pay for the house?"

"They's fever up there, and I ain't ago'to stay.""Seventeen hundred dollars for the house and

"Will you come back for me in an hour, for antwo fields."

other dollar?"This he consented to do, and rowed He gave me a brief smile. "We received two halfme across the river and up about a quarter of a mile, broken oxen and this wagon."

leaving me on the Iowa shore. I do not know what "I am sorry."

I expected to find in the Mormon camp, but the sight "Do not feel sorry for us, Miss Dow. We are well

that greeted me appeared to be a combination miliaway from all that Nauvoo represents."He stretched

tary bivouac and auction sale. Scattered among the his hand over the wretched, muddy camp. "For us,

tents and wagons were articles of furniture: sofas, this is Zion. Over there is Babylon."

tables, pictures, even a few pianos and a harp; and I left him feeding his little children their meager

all in a sea of mud. In the wagons and on beds lay meal, and as I looked at their pinched little faces, I

many sick with others attending them. resolved to bring them some fruit from the garden.

I approached a woman drawing water from the I made my way back to the water's edge to wait for river and asked her the whereabouts of Jonathan my boatman, but when I had waited two hours by my

Gunn. She looked at me in surprise, but led the way little gold watch, it became apparent that I was to

to a wagon where I found a man serving a cold wait in vain. The man had vanished with my money

midday meal of bread and beans to two small and had no intention (Continued on page 882)

NOVEMBER 1961 815 CONTRIBUTION TO AN UNDERSTANDING MISSION OF THE

vice administratorJESUSOFBY WILLIAM E. BERRETT, of the talked with the very Son of the Living God and were UNIFIED SYSTEM CHURCH SCHOOL

witnesses to the fact that he had conquered the bonds

Nineteen centuries ago a group of men, enraged at of death and had risen from the grave.

the claim of one of their countrymen that he was the

Son of God, denounced him before a Roman governor Pursuant to the previous admonition of their Master at Jerusalem and brought him to an ignominious these followers began to search the scriptures anew death. But the claims and the teachings of Jesus for passages and prophecies concerning him whom

were remembered and believed by those who had they had known. The scriptures proclaimed a "Mesbeen his disciples. Confirmed in their belief by the siah"who was to come. But such passages as might

subsequent appearances unto them of their Resurpertain to their Lord were few and fragmentary.

rected Lord, they went forth into all the world with They might not have been understood apart from the astounding message that they had walked and their personal experiences with the Master—indeed,

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they were not understood by those Perhaps nothing which Joseph Smith, the latterday who lacked those personal experiProphet, did for mankind is so vital as the restoration ences. Nevertheless, to those who of Jesus in the minds of men as the Son of God and

had sat at the feet of Jesus and heard the Savior of the world. This restoration came about

him expound the scriptures, these in three ways. First, Jesus the Christ, as a Resurpassages now had meaning—that he rected Being, with flesh and bones appeared unto

whom men called Jesus was indeed Joseph Smith and was introduced unto him by God the Christ, the Son of God, who was himself as his Son. Second, this Jesus repeatedly

to come into the world. The writer spoke unto Joseph Smith in revelation concerning his

of the Gospel of Matthew devoted mission. In the introduction to one of those revelahis book to the problem of identifying tions we find these words:

Jesus as the Messiah of the Hebrew "I am Alpha and Omega, Christ the Lord; yea, even

literature—and the writer of John de- I am he, the beginning and the end, the Redeemer

voted his book to the identifying of of the world.

Jesus as the Son of God, beginning "I, having accomplished and finished the will of his account with these significant him whose I am, even the Father, concerning me—

words having done this that I might subdue all things "In the beginning was the Word, unto myself—

and the Word was with God, and the "Retaining all power, even to the destroying of

Word was God. Satan and his works at the end of the world, and

"The same was in the beginning the last great day of judgment, which I shall pass with God. upon the inhabitants thereof, judging every man ac-

"All things were made by him; and cording to his works and the deeds which he hath

without him was not anything made done."(D&C 19:1-3.)

that was made. And again:

"In him was life; and the life was "Listen to the voice of Jesus Christ, your Redeemer,

the light of men.... the Great I Am, whose arm of mercy hath atoned

"And the Word was made flesh, for your sins."(Ibid., 29:1.)

B and dwelt among us, (and we beheld Numerous passages from these modern scriptures his glory, the glory as of the only bear upon the mission of Jesus and its accomplishment.

begotten of the Father,) full of grace In the third place, ancient scriptures which through and truth."(John 1:1-4, 14.) the goodness of God Joseph Smith came to translate,

Whatever may be said by men today concerning contain many significant passages by ancient prophets the relationship of the Old Testament scriptures to concerning the mission of the Savior. These passages

Jesus of Nazareth, it is certain that those who knew throw light upon the whole problem and again turn him best while he was on earth and who were closer the attention of mankind to Jesus as the Son of God.

to the Hebrew scriptures than we, both in point of These scriptures reveal Jesus as the Christ, our time and in understanding of Hebrew idiom, underElder Brother—coexistent with God before the world

stood such scriptures to proclaim the advent and was—aiding in the plans for man's progression, as

mission of the Master. portrayed in the following:

But the fragmentary nature of such passages as "Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the might indicate a foreknowledge of the Christ seem as intelligences that were organized before the world difficult to understand today without the personal was; and among all these there were many of the

contact with Jesus as they were in the days when his noble and great ones....

enemies nailed him to a cross. Nineteen centuries "And there stood one among them that was like

without such direct experiences have raised doubts unto God, and he said unto those who were with him:

in the minds of many concerning the relationship of We will go down, for there is space there, and we the Old Testament passages to the Savior at all, and will take of these materials, and we will make an having doubted the gospel writers in these matters, earth whereon these may dwell;

many have also come to doubt the healing and "And we will prove them herewith, to see if miracles of Jesus and his resurrection from the dead. they will do all things whatsoever the Lord their

Increasingly, the concept of Jesus as a mere man, a God shall command them....

great ethical teacher, is crowding out the concept of "And the Lord said: Whom shall I send? And one

Jesus as the Son of a Living God, who came among answered like unto the Son of Man: Here am I, send

men in the flesh in accordance to a great plan of God me. And another answered and said: Here am I,

which called for the redemption of the souls of men. send me. And the Lord (Continued on page 864)

NOVEMBER 1961 817 6Whom do men say that I the

vt> son of man am?

| And now, after the many testimonies which have been given of him, this is the testimony, last of all, which we give of him: That he lives!

For we saw him, even on the right hand of God;

and we heard the voice bearing record that he is the

Only Begotten of the FatherThat by him and through him, and of him, the worlds are and were created, and the inhabitants thereof are begotten sons and daughters unto God.

-THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH AND SIDNEY R1GDON

BEa

I testify that Jesus is the Christ, the Savior andB

Redeemer of the world; I have obeyed his sayings,

and realized his promise, and the knowledge I have of him, the wisdom of this world cannot give, neither can it take away.

-PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG

Christ] had power, when all mankind| He [Jesus had lost their life, to restore life to them again; and

hence he is the Resurrection and the Life, which power no other man possesses....

Hence being the Mediator between God and man, he becomes by right the dictator and director on earth and in heaven for the living and for the dead, for the past, the present, and the future, pertaining to man as associated with this earth or the heavens.

-PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR

JOSEPH SMITH BRIGHAM YOUNG JOHN TAYLOR

I have always looked upon the life of our Savior—| It is a remarkable fact that we can never read or |

who descended beneath all things that he might rise hear of the labors which our Lord and Savior Jesus above all things—as an example for his followers. And Christ performed without taking pleasure in it, while,

yet it has always, in one sense of the word, seemed on the other hand, there is nothing so interesting in strange to me that the Son of God, the First Begotten the life and history of any other individual but what in the eternal worlds of the Father and the Only by hearing or reading it time and time again we beBegotten in the flesh, should have to descend to the come tired of it. The story of Jesus the Christ is a

earth and pass through what he did—born in a stable, story of old that ever remains new. The oftener I

cradled in a manger, persecuted, afflicted, scorned, read of his life and labors the greater are the joy, a hiss and byword to almost all the world and espethe peace, the happiness, the satisfaction that fill my cially to the inhabitants of Jerusalem and Judea.... soul. There is ever a new charm comes to me in

There is something about all this that appears sorrowcontemplating his words and the plan of life and ful; but it seemed necessary for the Savior to descend salvation which he taught to men during his life

below all things that he might ascend above all things. upon the earth.

-PRESIDENT WILFORD WOODRUFF -PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

sacrifice as a came, he Jesus came When not |We are informed that we will not be held re-... in interest Israel the interest of simply but in the

of the whole human family, that in him all men might sponsible for the sin of Adam, but that we will be be blessed, that in him all men might be saved; and held responsible for our own sins. The atonement

his mission was to make provision by which the whole of Jesus Christ removed from us the responsibility human family might receive the benefits of the everof atoning for the sin of father Adam, and he has it possible for us to live here upon the earth, lasting gospel,... not alone those dwelling upon the made

earth, but those also in the spirit world. and in due time, if we take advantage of our opportunities, we will be prepared to be resurrected from

-PRESIDENT LORENZO SNOW the dead when that time shall come.

-PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

| Jesus Christ is the Son of Elohim both as spiritual and bodily offspring; that is to say, Elohim is literally

the Father of the spirit of Jesus Christ and also of I There is not a principle which is taught by the the body in which Jesus performed his mission in the Savior of men but is applicable to the growth, develflesh, and which body died on the cross and was opment, and happiness of mankind. Every one of

afterward taken up by the process of resurrection and his teachings seems to touch the true philosophy of is now the immortalized tabernacle of the eternal living. I accept them wholeheartedly. I like to

spirit of our Lord and Savior. study them. It is a joy to try to live them.

-PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH -PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

WILFORD WOODRUFF LORENZO SNOW JOSEPH F. SMITH HEBER J, GRANT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH DAVID O. MCKAY

Era Reprints

The Man Supreme! powers of Godhood received as a birthright from

In whom dwelt manhood his immortal Father.OUR LORD in completeness and the Thus he became capable of death and died, yet

fulness of the death, had over power so Godhead and held death in abeyanceTHE CHRISTE. BY JAMES TALMAGE bodily. until die. to he willed the Father's Under This affirmed he while yet he COUNCIL THE OF OF THE TWELVE

APOSTLES empowerment the Creator was mortal: "Therefore doth my Father love me,

of the heavens and the because I lay down my life, that I might take it again.

earth. No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of

myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have HJehovah, the Eternally Existing One who is from

everlasting to everlasting, the I AM of eternity past, power to take it again."(John 10:1718.)

of time, and of eternity to come. He was unique in having been accepted and foreWhom the Father called his Chosen, his Beloved ordained to be the Redeemer and Savior of manSon, his Firstborn of spirits, his Only Begotten in kind, and yet again in the fact of his absolute

the flesh. sinlessness.

The Word who was in the beginning, who was with He was the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, the

God, who was God, who was made flesh and dwelt Jehovah of the Old Testament and the Christ of among men. the New.

Foremost of all who have trodden the earth with No man can return to the Father except through mortal feet. the Son, for the name of Jesus Christ is "the only name

The Babe of Bethlehem, the Boy of Nazareth, the which shall be given under heaven, whereby salvaMan of Sorrows acquainted with grief. tion shall come unto the children of men."

My Elder Brother and yours. He has manifested himself in person to his prophets

The Teacher Preeminent. in the present dispensation and has spoken with them

He who was condemned as a malefactor, died as a as one man speaks with another.

is known to be in the likeness of the Eternal mortal, rose as a God Triumphant. He

Redeemer of the race from death, Savior from the Father—the express image of the father's person—for

effects of sin, source of life eternal. both have been seen and heard in this the dispensation

The first to come forth from the tomb a Resurof consummation and fulness.

rected Soul. Through the instrumentality of men commissioned

The Conqueror of death and hell. to officiate for him, he has reestablished his Church

He who shall come in like manner as he went and upon the earth, for the last time, and has bestowed upon it his name—The Church of Jesus Christ of shall reign personally upon the earth with his Saints.

He who shall deliver to the Father the cleansed Latterday Saints.

and purified earth, with its hosts of the redeemed, He has officered his Church as of old, with apostles, saying, "I have overcome and have trodden the winepatriarchs, high priests, seventies, elders, bishops, press alone... then shall he be crowned with the priests, teachers, and deacons.

crown of his glory, to sit on the throne of his power Again as aforetime he has called and is calling to reign forever and ever."(D&C 76:107-8.) mankind to faith and repentance, then to baptism by

He has been repeatedly proclaimed by the Father's water, and to the baptism of the Spirit through the voice as the Son Divine, and from boyhood to sacribestowal of the Holy Ghost by the authorized imposificial death solemnly avowed his own exalted status tion of hands.

as that Son of Man. Prophets and apostles in both He manifests his powers through the graces of the

olden and modern days, and the "common people"Spirit, as seen in gifts of revelation, prophecy, tongues who heard him gladly, have reverently affirmed his and their interpretation, by inspired dreams and divinity. Angels have sung and demons shrieked his visions, by healings, and by a diversity of gifts called

name as that of power and Godship. by man miracles.

We acclaim Jesus Christ as the veritable Son of Through him redemption is assured and salvation the Eternal Father in both spirit and body. He lived made possible to every soul. Salvation includes and

as a Man among men yet was wholly unique in that exceeds redemption. It is the plan conceived in the

he combined within himself the attributes of mormind of God the Eternal Father and given to man tality as the heritage from a mortal mother and the through Jesus Christ, whereby the degenerating and

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA disastrous results of individual transgression may be Christ is King! He is the

atoned for; it is the means by which the loathsome spiritual Lord of all who

malady of sin may be cured. Redemption, or rescue believe in him as the Son from death, is of universal assurance, salvation is of of God and the Savior of CHRIST

individual attainment, made possible in fulness man. Once the despised THEBY PRESIDENTKING through compliance with the laws and ordinances and rejected, even of his CHARLES W. PENROSE

of the Gospel race, the he is based on the Atonement accomplished own most m alone. highly more honored him by by

A Redeemer and Savior is essential to the accommillions of all nations, tribes, and tongues than any plishment of the Father's work and glory—"to bring monarch of the ages. Hail to the coming of the mighty

to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."One who is "God manifest in the flesh,"who conSometime, somewhere, the knowledge of the Lord quered death and lives forever more! Christ is not

shall come to every soul with saving or convicting only "the Lamb that was slain"but the "Lion of the effect; then every knee shall bow, and every tongue tribe of Judah."He was meek and mild to the good,

confess that he is the Christ, the Son of the and forgiving to the ignorant and erring; but he

Living God. (The Improvement Era, Volume 36, p. 69.) was also stern and forceful against the hypocrite and

wilfully wicked. He stands for justice as well as

"From first to last Jesus mercy, and is the embodiment of all the virtues and

simple, ized representative of the Eternal Father, "full ofNAPOLEON issame—majesticthe same, alwaysand the all the powers of divinity. He was and is the authorON THE CHARACTER OF infinitely severe and ingrace and truth,"and "no man cometh to the Father

finitely gentle. Throughbut by him."He was the firstborn in the familyCHRIST out a life passed under the of spirit sons and daughters destined to progressive

public eye, he never gives experience and trial for the honor and glories of occasion to find fault. The complete immortality, and he is their Leader and

prudence of his conduct compels our admiration by Redeemer. Through untold cycles of companionship

its union of force and gentleness. Alike in speech with the Father he witnessed the works of Deity, and

and action, he is enlightened, consistent, and calm. "all things that the Father doeth"were shown unto

Sublimity is said to be an attribute of divinity. What him. Thus he was qualified to figure personally in

name then shall we give him, in whose character the creation, and to act for and manifest himself as were united every element of the sublime? I know "the very Eternal Father of heaven and earth."The

men, and I tell you that Jesus Christ is not a man. story of his earthlife and ministry—his sacrificial

Everything in him amazes me. His spirit outreaches death and glorious resurrection—has been all too

mine, and his will confounds me. Comparison is briefly told by New Testament writers but sufficient

impossible between him and any other being in has come down to modern readers to lift him in their the world. He is truly a being by himself. His ideas minds above all the sons of men as the one sinless

and his sentiments, the truth that he announces, his and perfect Examplar. We echo the song of the

manner of convincing are all beyond humanity, and angels when he came into this lower world, "Glory to the natural order of things. His birth and the story God in the highest,"for sending his Beloved Son to

of his life; the profoundness of his doctrine, which rescue humanity from the grasp of him that hath the

overturns all difficulties, and is their most complete power of death, and to be the Resurrection and the solution. His gospel, the singularity of his mysterious Life! In these quiet vales, surrounded and protected

being; his appearance; his empire; his progress by the mighty mountains, let us enjoy the sweet spirit

through all centuries and kingdoms—all this is to me of Immanuel, even though nations afar off revel and

a prodigy, an unfathomable mystery. I see nothing riot in war while professing to worship him as the

here of man. Near as I may approach, closely as I Prince of Peace! He will yet turn and overturn, wieldmay examine, all remains above my comprehensioning the rod of his power until he makes a full end

great with greatness that crushes me. It is in vain of the rule of this world, and then brings in a Christ's

that I reflect—all remains unaccountable! I defy you day of gladness, a millennium of rest, the universal

to cite another life like that of Christ."(The Improvereign of earth's rightful and everlasting King. (The

ment Era, Volume 1, pp. 217218.) Improvement Era, Volume 18, pp. 162163.)

NOVEMBER 1961 821 NUMBERED ARROWS ON MAP INDICATE CAMERA POSITIONS

FOR COLOR PHOTOGRAPHS BEGINNING OPPOSITE PAGE 828.

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NUMBERED ARROWS ON MAP INDICATE CAMERA POSITIONS

FOR COLOR PHOTOGRAPHS BEGINNING OPPOSITE PAGE 828.

NOVEMBER 1961 823 > o 4r2 </& I S H W

..-"

LAND

OF THE SAVIOR A glimpse into his cultural background

BY GLEN F. TARBET

The world in which Christianity first planted its roots good principles even though they clung to no affiliasurged with plastic and cosmopolitan vigor; here the tive code. As a matter of fact there were multitudes

heritage of three timeless races melted together of fractional sects which sprang up more as undewithout losing individuality. Orientals, Greeks, and fineable cliques than as whole religions. Within

Romans contributed distinctly to provide the basis these, the people often became so strongly religious for creation of the culture which, as God intended, that Christian missionaries were able to make very would lead the world to his kingdom. 1 little headway toward conversion. 2

This GraecoRoman world, often called morally Here boiled a potpourri not only of political and bankrupt by modern religionists, appears in actuality religious fervor but of intellectual excitement. With

as anything but that. Indeed, many of the earlier these unwelcome invasions, the Oriental had carried

popular forms of religion had been abandoned, but into Palestine his own peculiar brand of religion as there is no supportable evidence that those who well as a vast bequest of priceless philosophy. Chrisrefused to affiliate with any particular religion absotianity would discover the Oriental heritage buried

lutely abandoned morality. Much as in our own deep in the heart of both the Jewish and the Gentile

time, many of the people lived according to their own world, and it would remain potent in the life of the

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA time. After the Oriental came the Greek, who the surrounding softly rolling hills one could view

eventually dominated the world and permeated it the Mediterranean to the west. Fifteen miles east,

with his culture, whose language was so expressive near the Sea of Galilee, lay Tiberius, the most imthat it became an international tool of communicaportant transcontinental highway between Europe, tion. 5 While the Greek made its way among the Asia, and Africa. 6

people's language, except in public worship and in On every side there was evidence that religion was the learned academies of theological doctors, in the not merely a creed here, but that it dominated every course of time the ancient Hebrew wholly gave place phase of life. One of the curious religious laws proto the Aramaean dialect. Such words and names in vided that a man could not oblige his wife to follow

the gospels as Raka, Abba, Golgotha, Babbatha, Akelhim if he moved either from a township to a town,

Dama, Bartholomaios, Barabbas, BarJesus, and varior the reverse. The reason for the former provision

ous verbal quotations are all Aramaean. Paul probably was that in a town people lived so close to each

spoke in an Aramaean dialect when he addressed the other that fresh air and gardens were a rarity. On

infuriated multitude from atop the steps leading from the other hand some women objected to giving up the temple into the fortress Antonia. (Acts 21:40; 22.) 4 the convenience of town and the fellowship of many

Nineteen and a half centuries ago Palestine preneighbors. 7 For instance, the Nazareth water supply

sented a scene of beauty, richness, and a busy kind was one large well near the lower part of the city of life unsurpassed in the then known world. It was and was a major attraction for the women, who

a literal fulfillment of the promise, "a land flowing visited it at least once a day, not only to obtain water with milk and honey."In places the sweet juice of but to exchange the day's pleasantries. 8

figs and the milk of goats could commonly be seen A viewer of the streets of a town in Galilee or flowing together. Not only could one find the fruit Judea would see houses differing widely in size and

trees, the grain, and the garden produce known in elegance, from the small cottage to the mansions of the rich. These were sometimes two or

more stories high and embellished by rows of adornments. An extra room was

often built on the roof for the convenience of house guests so that they could go in or out without being disturbed by the household. These upper rooms

were usually the center of any unusual activities which the family or head of the household wished to carry on in private. 9

All homes had flat roofs and were built of earth, stone, or adobe. Many had

outside stairways to give access to the roofs. Cooking and baking were done

in earthen vessels over an open fire in the in tends his flockA shepherd the center of the room. When meals were Beth-"Shepherd's Field"of south

lehem. finished the vessels were removed and

the debris swept away. Light was furour colder latitudes in the land, along with those nished from flat clay lamps, burning olive oil. A

plants of sunnier climes, but also rare spices and night's rest was spent lying on a mat or rug unrolled perfumes of the hottest zones were available. Every on the floor with only one's heavy outer garments

kind of fish teemed in its waters, while birds of to provide covering. 10 This phase of Nazarene life

gorgeous plumage filled the air with their songs. On is reflected definitely in the homely imageries of the

the eastern side of the Jordan, where wide plains parables of Jesus, and perhaps it is reflected in Luke's stretched, lay upland valleys, parklike forests, and translation of the beatitude "Blessed are ye poor."11

almost boundless corn and pasture lands. On the Because there were so many povertystricken peowestern side were terraced hills covered with olives ple, many naturally suffered from sickness; not'only

and vines, and there were delicious glens in which did the people find difficulty in eking out their meager springs flowed. The lake of Galilee surrounded itself existence, but life was made more cruel by the

with fairylike beauty as well as with bustling imposition of unreasonable taxes both from the Roman activity. 5 The city of Nazareth was convenient for rulers and from the religious authorities who needed

solitude as well as for commerce. At Jesus'time it funds to maintain the temple. 12

contained about 2,500 people. From the highest of Some strange (Continued on page 856)

NOVEMBER 1961 825 1-'''"'wsP- -/ *""">J 4*M:'ips**y f

m Jhwii *

i 'rWfc'-lu nv-.-'!.=fl?v

I

$ 5;; -f$*v

; a ''

;/; *ir|

* 1. $r i.

r *3li|ltll

.iJfc * ->.*

.iJSlBPBpSS.sp""""''"-

?>- I IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF JESUS

What pictures come to our minds when we hear the Samaria! These names and many others bring stirring

words "Holy Land"! From our earliest childhood we stories to our minds.

have known that the Holy Land, or Palestine, was the Who is there among us who has not dreamed of land of God's chosen people and his prophets. This visiting these scenes? Who would not like to walk

faraway place has especially endeared itself to us as where Jesus walked, see the little town in which he the earthly home of the Savior. There Jesus was was born, become acquainted with the city in which

born and grew to maturity. There he spent three he grew up, stand on the Mount of Olives, rest on

years teaching the "good news"of his gospel. There the banks of the Jordan, ride on the waves of Galilee?

he healed the sick, brought sight to the blind, and Inasmuch as but few of you may actually have the performed many other wondrous miracles. There opportunity of going to the Holy Land, The Improvehe set up his Church. And there he died to atone ment Era in this issue brings the Holy Land to you.

for the sins of the world and broke the bands of When this project was conceived many months death so that all will live again. ago, it was decided that no effort should be spared

Even the youngest of us know of cities and places to obtain quality pictures which could be reproduced in this faraway land: Bethlehem, Jerusalem, Nazareth, to show in natural color and in true perspective scenes

the Sea of Galilee, the Jordan River, Calvary, in Palestine which were important in the life of the

NOVEMBER 1961 827 THESE PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BY DOYLE L. GREEN, MANAGING EDITOR

NUMBERS ON MAPS, PAGES 222 AND 223

INDICATE WHERE THESE PHOTOGRAPHS WERE TAKEN.

Savior. The task would not be an easy one. Nearly left Salt Lake City with his wife in late May 1961

two thousand years have passed since our Savior for Palestine.

lived upon the earth. Many changes have come They took with them six cameras, also three choice

about: Cities have been destroyed and rebuilt; rivers types of colored film securely packed with canned ice

have changed their courses; the exact locations where in insulated bags to preserve them from the damaging

some of the events took place cannot be identified. June heat. Whenever possible the colored film, both

And yet the editors felt that many of the scenes that before and after exposure, was kept in freezers at the were familiar to Jesus could be faithfully shown. Subvarious hotels. Most of the photographing was done

sequently, contacts were made with photographers, in the early morning and late evening hours.

photo agencies, publishers, and information bureaus, The Era is proud to present herein the results of but with disappointing results. that special assignment in sixteen pages of pictures

As time for going to press drew nearer, the realizalithographed in full color, reproduced mostly from tion came that needed pictures were not available 4x5 Ansco color and Ektachrome transparencies.

in the size and quality that would assure an excellent We believe this project marks a new high in photojob of reproduction. It then became clear that if the graphic and reproduction excellence, and trust that

desired pictures were to be had, the Era would have these pictures will give a new vision and honest image to send someone after them. The assignment was of the Holy Land to be enjoyed, preserved, and used

given to the managing editor, Doyle L. Green, who in homes and classrooms for years to come.

EDITORS NOTES ON THE PICTURES

1. The Jordan River near the Sea of toward the left, but which had to be has been destroyed three times since the

Galilee. This picture was taken about abandoned ichen the treaty line was days of Jesus, and there is little here today

6:00 a m, looking almost directly north. drawn between Israel and Jordan. Even to remind one of him, except the well to

There are many trees and reeds along the though the season was early June, the ivhich he may have come often to fetch river in this area. Close to the river the small fields of wheat scattered around the water for his mother. But on these hills

growth is luxuriant. The water here is hills were "ripe and ready for harvest."and in this valley the Savior lived, worked,

quite clear although it has a greenish cast. From where the picture was taken it is and prepared for his ministry. The plain

Fish by the hundreds can be seen in the approximately four miles to the city. of Armageddon or Esdraelon can be seen

stream. in the distance.

3. The little town of Bethlehem, Judea,

2. The hill country of Judea looking birthplace of the Savior, taken from the 5. Ruins of the synagogue at Capertoward Jerusalem and the Mount of Olives. Shepherds'Fields. Situated in the tops of naum, where Jesus may have taught.

The picture was taken about 9 a m, lookthe Judean hills about 2,500 feet above Matthew calls Capernaum, which is situing north. To the right is the Mount sea level, Bethlehem seemingly has not ated on the northern shores of the Sea of

of Olives marked by the high tower, and changed much during the centuries. What Galilee, "his own city."In this area the

to the left is the city of Jerusalem with is said to be the oldest Christian church Savior performed many miracles. When

part of the wall plainly visible. The Kidin existence, parts of which were built in he taught in the synagogue, the people

ron Valley, also called the Valley of 330 A.D., marks the traditional site of the "were astonished at his doctrine: for his

Jehoshaphat, runs between Jerusalem and place where Jesus was born. word was with power."The ruins of the

the Mount of Olives toward the Dead Sea, city are mute evidence of the fulfillment about fifteen miles away. The road in the 4. Nazareth of Galilee, where Jesus grew of the words of the Savior, "And thou,

center foreground is of recent construction to manhood. The old city where Jesus Capernaum, which art exalted unto heaven,

and is somewhat longer than the sixmile lived with Joseph and Mary and where shall be brought down to hell: for if the

road between Jerusalem and Bethlehem Joseph had his carpenter shop was probmighty works, which have been done in which follows the tops of the mountains ably on the slope to the right. The city {Continued after the Color Photographs)

The Jordan River near the Sea of Galilee. (1)

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IT'I V

JSfi #t fl 1 mm

1 i f

fiVM

v* * *<;..'. -', ">\

c. *K

fK"**

*i i * -mm V/ <fP

C<l

CO

o

4-J

CD

in

<D

O

bJD

O

CTJ

<D

-M

oo

H co

i—iO

CDO

4-1H

aCD

CD

CD PQ

4->o

CD

CD Th

oo

OS

bJO

en

CD Sh <D

CD CD

o

CD S-H N io

WD

CD>

5fi

CD

<DJ-i <D

a3 C CD u -M OS

CD bJDO bo

fl>

CD

id

i—..-.WW-*****.,. JB aA>. -Iw

co

CDH

N

%. ft I X *,**., # -. '

O en

CD

T3

ctJ o

o

CD bJO

a:f

i—

ft

COonO!hO

a oo

f *i * - *f A CD

a

: *. i 4

if %

i t-

2a u <d aU

CD

CD

a

CD

CD H 'I kZ* J.JH <r. * ilgsfi*! i..! J

The Holy City of Jerusalem

The Mount of Olives from Jerusalem. (9)

The roof tops of the Holy City. (10)

from the Mount of Olives. (8)

&* -Ji'T**'-''"

cq

CD

o3

oVI

<D>

B

<D!-i

CD CD

a

CD

H co

T3

CD

O

uaN03

CD in

S-l

C/3CD

CD

<D

o3

CD PQ,\ K#

iM',r *s

K > Sl.

#4r i -

JVP?'/,/

9<&\*M

'- m

S-H **%&

.%

.,4;??E r-

1 jp v

*$* 03dOS a

O

fccftoaO

mtW s#

&B5!

Si

-'-iv >-.,# * '3, 2 ft.

''. if

8 IC *APP

M o i-Ho J-i

HOS

<u

-a o

H * -ww*

v

v

.#5

l&rZi.*; -? nip;>:<rfcifs -.-

v/j tf'TOE ft

I

ar.**,ts. *$#,*m

-'*f*

if**

r**.'* s',."-: ifSfcS feA*

"% ipi * f4 f V* >-;J

Wfi? '*3*r h'-<>'

/f

th't

The Dead Sea. (17)

'Gordon's Calvary,"the place of a skull. ( 18

thee had been done in Sodom, it would taken from the wheat field just below the ichich is shown here, consists of eight have remained until this day."(Matt. high tower which marks the top of Olivet. very old and gnarled olive trees—the oldest

11:23.) olive trees in the vicinity. Some speculate

that there is a chance that they actually the time at the of here growing were City. This the 10. Holy tops roof The of seen can be background the Savior. In high a the top taken of from was 6. plain the across Galilee, looking picture of picture was The wall the of area, looking temple north the building of hills the or toward Esdraelon theArmageddon toward looking about taken Jerusalem.8am tiled, but roofs are the southwest. Some of is the rounded Tabor Nazareth. Mt.of west. mortar stone are and them most of of picture. right the the towardsmountain of

The hills of Nazareth are on the left. The construction.

town of Nazareth where Jesus spent most of the first thirty years of his earthly life 15. The Jordan River near the Dead

is situated in the tops of the hills. 11. The hills and valleys of Samaria Sea. In its wandering between the Sea

near Jacob's Well. The picture was taken of Galilee and the Dead Sea, this famous

in midmorning looking towards the north. stream flows about 120 miles and drops

The entire floor of the valley is covered only 600 feet. Throughout most of its

7. The Sea of Galilee near Capernaum. with an abundant crop of wheat, ready course between these two bodies of water

This late evening photograph of the Sea of for harvesting. Olive trees, vineyards, and it is a very slow and meandering stream.

Galilee emphasizes the blue in "blue various garden crops are raised on the This picture was taken about 9am from

Galilee"and minimizes the color in the terraced hills. Jesus walked through this a boat near the traditional site of the

cloudless sky. These are the shores valley on a number of occasions. The two baptism of the Savior. This is a few miles

where the Savior must have walked and objects in the left foreground are thistle north of where the river empties into the taught. In this area the fishermen whom flowers which were a few feet from the Dead Sea in the general vicinity of Jericho

he called to follow him docked their boats, camera. and may have been the area in which the

brought their fish to shore, and dried and children of Israel crossed into the Promised mended their nets. The Savior crossed Land. There is some question as to where

times. this most he baptized, but Here water many body actually of Savior was the Galilee Jesus "where Sea 12. The of in the event waves. ivalked stilled on the storm the important and place authorities the he,"taken to so loved from much the looking toward taken picture vicinity. was The general this the northwest. tip Josephus, looking south

city east. ruins Capernaum the of The of time tells that during the historian, of us

distance. in the trees the are among large were a number of there the Savior

cities around the Sea of Galilee, and we 16. "The Garden of the Resurrection"

assume there must have been some gardens and the "Garden Tomb."This picture was

8. The Holy City of Jerusalem, from close to the shore as pictured here. The taken about 10 in the morning, looking

the Mount of Olives. The two pictures unexpected appearance of clouds of unabout northwest. A sign in the garden reads,

which make this panorama were taken at rivaled beauty helps create an image of "This is consecrated ground. Visitors are

in the described Galilee the Sea of near the the Mount top of to from are asked smoke. song requested not to Men6am

loved Jesus Galilee, where blue "O Galilee, west. directly almost looking descripof Olives complete (For a more remove hats."

The entire eastern wall of the city can so much to he."The picture taken about tion of the garden and the tomb, see article

be seen. The Garden of Gethsemane was 7 a m. page 846.)

located somewhere on the slope in the foreground of the picture. The temple

which Jesus knew was in the southeast 13. Bethany, where Jesus raised Lazarus

corner of the city. The building with the from the dead. This little town is on the 17. The Dead Sea. This is the lowest

golden dome occupies a part of the temple eastern slope of the Mount of Olives. It spot on the earth's surface, 1,286 feet

area. It is a Moslem mosque called the was here that Mary and Martha and below sea level. The picture was taken

"Dome of the Rock,"which according to Lazarus lived. The Savior must have stayed from the north shore looking toward the

the area where Qumran The visit the over Jerusouthwest. to tradition is constructed this came in area he Moslem when

is toward Scrolls discovered were Sea Dead altar built spent that is he an record there rock where Abraham no as to salem, is the in picture. Jerusalem the the left of trees olive Isaac. City. somehis son, sacrifice in the Many From Holy a night

are shown in the picture, and in the bottom where in this area he ascended into heaven. tops of the hills to the right about fifteen

righthand corner can be seen a stack of The top of the Mount of Olives is the miles away.

grain being threshed in the ancient way eminence on the left. The picture was

by the workman driving a team of donkeys taken about 7am looking towards the pulling a wooden sled. The Kidron Valley northeast. 18. "Gordons Calvary,"the place of a

lies between the Mount of Olives and skull. Part of the rock formation in the

Jerusalem. face of the cliff toward the right side of

14. The Garden of Gethsemane. The the picture gives the appearance of a degarden into which the Savior went to pray caying human skull. On top of the hill is

9. The Mount of Olives from Jerusalem. and where he was arrested on the night a Moslem cemetery. The large cave to the

The lengthening shadows indicate that following the Last Supper was located left is called Jeremiah's Grotto. According

this picture was taken in the late evening, somewhere on the west slope of the Mount to tradition this is where the Prophet as the Mount of Olives is directly east of of Olives across the Kidron Valley eastJeremiah stayed while writing the Lamenthe Holy City. The flat and wooded areas ward from Jerusalem. There are a number tations. This picture was taken toward the

in the right foreground are parts of the of possible sites of the garden, but the one north about 7 am. (See page 846 for

temple site. Picture number eight was that seems to be most favored, a part of story)

NOVEMBER 1961 845 "Now in the place where he was crucified

there was a garden; and in the

garden a new sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid."

Down through the ages Christian visitors to the Holy

Land have had as one of the primary goals of their acThere laid pilgrimages visiting the scenes of events connected with the Savior's crucifixion, burial, and resurrection.

?>?> These events culminated the ministry of the Savior

upon the earth, and the sites where they were sup-... they Jesus posed to have occurred have been looked upon by

(JOHN 19:4142.) devout Christians as among the most sacred of all

the places in the Holy Land. Winning these sites

back from the "infidel"seems to have been the primary

DOYLE L. GREEN reason for the crusades, which stretched over a

period of some two hundred years and in which from MANAGING EDITOR, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA six to ten million people lost their lives.

Visitors to the Holy City today might be shown two sites of Calvary and the tomb. "Might be"is the

proper terminology, for if tourists engage a prejudiced

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the scriptures that Christ was crucified at a site called Calvary or Golgotha, which means "The Place of a Skull"; also that his body was laid to rest in a

rockhewn tomb in a nearby garden. In that garden

the glorious words: "... he is risen; he is not here,"

were spoken. There the Lord broke the bands of

death. And even though almost two thousand years

have passed since then, and time has wrought many changes, still one cannot help wondering just where these events occurred.

The traditional sites of Calvary and the tomb are well within the city walls—the present city walls—

and are covered by a building which is known as the

Church of the Holy Sepulchre. Pilgrims have been

visiting it for many centuries and millions hold it sacred in their memories and hearts.

According to tradition, the "holy sepulchre"was discovered by the Empress Helena and Bishop

Macarius of Aelia in 326 A.D. At the council of

Nicea, Constantine gave instructions to the bishop to use all diligence in searching for the cross, the Lord's sepulchre, and other holy places. Later, Helena, his

Looking out into the "Garden of the Resurrection"from inside the tomb. mother, went to the Holy Land to help in the search.

The one item she seemed to want to locate more than

Left. "The Garden Tomh"located outside the north wall of any other was the cross upon which the Savior was

Jerusalem near the Damascus Gate. crucified.

Inasmuch as they had no idea where to start looking, the story goes, the bishop suggested that a prayer would be in order, and following the prayer, it was shown to him that the cross was in a certain place under the floor of a temple that had been built to a heathen goddess. Removing the floor of the

temple, they found three crosses, so they concluded that this was the location of Calvary.

To identify the cross on which the Savior was'crucified, the story continues, a sick woman touched each of the crosses. Nothing happened as she placed

guide, he may avoid one of the sites completely. We her hand on the first two, but upon touching the

had this experience on our first visit to the Holy City third she was healed from her sickness, therefore, and would have missed one of the most satisfying tradition relates, they knew this was the holy cross.

events of our lives had we not dismissed our guide—Continuing their excavations, they found the "holy

a bright, wellinformed, likable young man—and set sepulchre."

out on our own to find from the maps what is known The empress subsequently had a chapel erected as "Gordon's Calvary"* and the "Garden Tomb."over the place where the crosses were supposed to

Perhaps it is not important to know the location of have been found and another one nearby over the

Calvary or the tomb where the Savior's body rested tomb. Both of these chapels were destroyed by the

or the garden where the resurrection took place. It Persians in 614 A.D. but were rebuilt soon afteris more important to know of the actuality of these wards. They were again destroyed by the Turks in

events and their significance to us. 934 A.D. but rebuilt about a hundred years later.

Yet, we have sung about the "green hill far away The Crusaders constructed a large building which without a city wall"all of our lives. We know from covered the several other structures, all of which

were leveled by a disastrous fire. In 1810 the present

possible *This General "Chinese"Gordon,site of whoCalvarypromotedis calledit widely."Gordon's Calvary"for Church of the Holy Sepulchre was erected. It is a

NOVEMBER 1961 847 himself in a small chamber which is supposed to be the tomb itself. There are deep holes in the floor

worn by the knees of countless pilgrims.

But with all this our visit to the Church of the

Holy Sepulchre was disillusioning and depressing as nothing there helped us visualize the death and resurrection of the Savior. The many chapels, the pomp,

the ceremony, the candles, the shrines, the altars, the vestments, the statues, the incredulous claims and stories all seem out of place. There is no hill. There

is no garden. There is no empty tomb to inspect.

We could find little to attract the interest or the attention of Latterday Saints.

Just outside the wall north of Jerusalem is a prominent hill which rises seventyfive feet or more above the surrounding country. It is dry most of the year,

yet during the early spring, it is covered with green grass. Because it has been a Moslem cemetery for

The interior of "The Garden Tomb"showing, the crypt where centuries, it has resisted the encroachment of buildthe body of the Savior might have lain. ings. The rock formations in the face of the cliff

have the appearance of a decaying human skull. The

hill is near the Damascus Gate and in plain sight of huge building shared by five denominations—the the road that runs around the city and off to Jericho,

Roman Catholic, Greek Orthodox, Syrians, Armenians, as well as the road that leads north.

and Copts. The church is in a sad state of disrepair, Whether or not the rock formation which looks like

and today the front of it is supported by a network a decaying skull was there in Jesus'time, no one of steel girders which have been erected to prevent knows. Some suppose it to have been made by earthits collapse. It is also braced extensively within. quakes. Others think that it was made because of

Reports are that the various denominations are so quarrying operations. In any event, it is interesting

jealous of their ownership rights to the building that to speculate that because of this or some similar during the last forty years few repairs have been reason the place was named Calvary or Golgotha, the possible. As the churches cannot agree on which Place of a Skull.

denomination should control the main entrance, a We could not imagine the location or shape of a

Moslem is "the keeper of the door."Each morning hill that would better fit the picture we have had in

he climbs a high stepladder, inserts an iron key in our minds of Calvary.

the lock about eight feet above the ground, and Just under the hill to the west of this rock formaopens the door. At 11;40 each night he repeats the tion is a lovely, wellcared-for garden known as the

process to close it. "Garden of the Resurrection."The plot gives the

In reality, then, the Church of the Holy Sepulchre appearance of being an acre or more in size. It is

is a building which houses many churches and which, surrounded by a high stone fence which secludes it supposedly, encompasses numerous spots associated from a busy bus terminal nearby and the confusion with the Lord's death and resurrection. "Calvary"of the city streets. Charmingly landscaped with

is a series of rooms on the second floor, marking the flowers and shrubs, mustard, ailanthus, and evergreen place where (1) Jesus was disrobed and nailed to the trees, it is a peaceful, serene retreat conducive to cross; (2) where the cross was raised; (3) where Mary meditation, reading the scriptures, and to prayer.

stood when Jesus was taken down from the cross. One can hardly imagine a more likely place for the

The alleged pillar at which Jesus was scourged is Savior to have been buried than in the sepulchre preserved. The prison where he supposedly was held which has been found in this garden. Several hundred

is shown. There is a chapel for the parting of the tombs in the vicinity were opened in an effort to find

garments. There is a chapel for the mocking and one that might fit the description of the rockhewn

derision. There is a chapel to Longinus, who is suptomb that Joseph of Arimathea had fashioned for

posed to be the soldier who pierced the Savior's side. himself, and in which they laid the body of the Savior.

The "holy Sepulchre"itself is enclosed by a separate The Garden Tomb is, indeed, such a sepulchre. Finely

marble chapel. Going through a low door, one finds chiseled into the solid rock, it is about twelve feet

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA long and six feet six inches wide. The height ranges We agreed that the trough is much too small for the

about six feet six inches to seven feet. feeding of horses, therefore it seems more likely that

The tomb itself is divided into two portions with it is actually the track for the stone. Such a stone

an antechamber for the mourners and the main secwould possibly have been four feet or more in tion for the "beds"in which the bodies were to be diameter and eight to twelve inches thick. Roughburied. Provisions had been made for three such hewn, as it must have been, and rubbing against the

"beds,"so this was evidently to be a family tomb. side of the cliff, it could not have been moved easily.

However, only one of the beds seems to have been No wonder the women who came to the tomb said finished. This lies along the north side of the burial among themselves, "Who shall roll away the stone

chamber. It is three feet wide and some six feet from the door of the tomb?"Mr. Mattar said he

long. At the west end there is a rockcut pillow would recommend that the wording be altered in the

which would indicate that the body would lie facnext edition of the guidebook.

ing the east. Along the east end there is a peculiar Near the entrance to the tomb was discovered a

extension made into the rock wall about six inches heartshaped baptismal font, carved out of solid rock, deep. Evidently this was not part of the original with the point of the heart pointing straight into the

design, and it is interesting to speculate that perhaps door of the tomb. Under the garden are three large

the grave was extended in length to accommodate reservoirs, or at least, so it was thought until a few a taller man. years ago when one of them dried up, and Mr. Mattar

The tomb has other interesting features not found descended into it to see where the water had gone.

in similar tombs uncovered in the area. One is a As he was telling us the story on one of our visits, he

window about six feet above the ground which admits permitted me to enter the door and descend by means light directly onto the finished receptacle. This of a steel ladder some forty feet to the bottom of a

would easily answer the question as to how Peter, large, underground room. This room, fortythree feet

when he looked into the sepulchre, could see it was wide and sixty feet long, had also been carved out empty and that the linen clothes were lying on the of rock. On the east wall are two large carvings in

floor. There are also stone seats at the head and at relief, one of a Crusader's shield and the other of a

the foot of the grave where the angels might have sat. cross about four feet high. In the ceiling is an iron

The Roman arch and niches carved in the rock hook from which a lamp might have been suspended.

wall outside the tomb indicate that there was once There seems to be little doubt that this was an under- a church built over it. Experts speculate that early ground Christian church of the early period, buit no

Christians, perhaps the Crusaders, believed that this one as yet has established a date for its origin,. It is

was the tomb where the body of our Savior lay; and believed generally that the Christians did not build

to protect it and worship near it, they built such a churches until the third or fourth century.

church. Perhaps it was they who tore out part of One day while Mr. Mattar was cleaning out some

the outside wall so that they could see directly into debris near the entrance to the sepulchre, he found, the burial chamber during their religious services. in a crevice, a metal box containing a beautiful gold

This part of the wall has been restored with rock cross studded with precious stones. The box itself

work. The present opening into the sepulchre is was so corroded that it fell to pieces in his hands,

about twice as high as it must have been originally. but the cross was in excellent condition. Why or

A wooden door covers the opening to give the interior when it was placed there, no one knows.

of the tomb protection. Some iron grill work and On the east wall of the tomb is a painted cross

a gate have been installed between the antechamber which some date to the sixth century. By the cross,

and the main portion of the tomb. written in Greek, are the symbols for "Jesus Christ,

In front of the tomb, chiseled out of the solid rock, Alpha and Omega."

is a trough or track. The official guidebook says These evidences and others give"rise to interesting

that there is no reason to believe this was a track speculation that this tomb was identified with the for a circular stone to cover the opening since the Savior and held in high esteem by the Christians in women who came to the grave would have had no the early centuries.

difficulty in moving it away. It says, rather, that it Whether or not these are the actual sites of the

might have been a trough for the feeding of horses, death and burial and resurrection of our Lord, there probably made by the Crusaders. is no other place in the Holy Land that seems more

This line of reason seemed strange to us, and we real. It is easy to look at the summit of Gordon's

discussed it in detail with the warden of the garden, Calvary and imagine seeing the three crosses there

Mr. Solomon J. Mattar, a Christian Arab from Cana with the body of the Savior in the center. It is not

in Galilee, who has been in his position since 1953. hard to see in one's (Continued on page 861)

NOVEMBER 1961 849 THE NEW Era

A VITAL, THRILLING GOSPELSHARING PLAN

AGNIFICENT paintings of significant religious events are now being created especially for readers of the Era by Arnold Friberg, world famous LDS artist. Completely new, these monumental scenes are

inspired by the stirring truths of The Bible, The Book of Mormon, The

Pearl of Great Price, and the vital, thrilling drama of the Restoration story.

They will be beautifully reproduced in gorgeous full color deeptone lithography, large, 15 x 26 inches, on heavy art paper. These marvelous

new Gospelin-Art prints will be made available to Improvement Era subscribers only, at the very low price of $2.50 each. Designed for framing,-

they will bring a rich and vital spirituality to the home, office, chapel, etc. Arnold friberg

THE BEST IN RELIGIOUS ART Now Available To Era Subscribers

Forin overChurch64 yearsliterature.the ImprovementThe Era nowEratakeshas greatprovidedprideits inreadersannouncingwith theanotherfinest

vital program intended to strengthen the faith and testimony of the entire membership of the Church and others who may come under its influence by providing the best in religious art.

In a world so beset with confusion and doubt where conventional institutions and even our freedoms are being threatened, there is urgent need for increased personal conviction of basic eternal truths. All worthwhile agencies and influences

available must now be put to use to help provide the proper climate for wholesome living as intended for all of the Lord's children.

The first offering in a series of Gospel In Art prints "Peace Be Still"is pictured on these pages. To obtain your full color 15"by 26"print or prints follow the

instructions outlined below that apply to you.

I..Tor current Era subscribers.

Simply fill out the certificate below and mail it with a check or money order for $2.50 to The Improvement Era Office. If you do not wish to mutilate your

magazine, contact your Ward Era director for an official certificate.

II. 7or extra prints or for those not presently subscribing to 7he Improvement Era:

A certificate good for one Gospel In Art print will be given by Era workers with each renewal, new, or gift subscription to The Improvement Era. The

certificate should then be filled out and given to the Era worker or sent directly to the Era office with proper remittance.

III. Jor stake and mission presidents, bishops, branch presidents and

auxiliary officers:

Orders for multiple prints to be used as teaching aids or for display in the stakes, missions, wards, or branches will be accepted if ordered on official stake, mission, ward, or branch stationery or if properly signed by a presiding officer.

IV. lor missionaries.

Orders for prints at $2.50 each will be accepted from missionaries even though

they may not have a personal Era subscription.

=J V. All prints are $2.50 each regardless of quantity ordered.

VI. Orders may be sent either directly, or through Era representatives, to The

Improvement Era, 50 North Main, Salt Lake City, Utah.

PROGRAM!

What Cecil B. De Milk, greatest

oj motion picture producers, said about Arnold Jriberi)...

"Among the living artists who have dedicated themselves almost exclusively to religious art, one stands out for his virility and warmth, dramatic understanding and truth. That

man is Arnold Friberg. He

hasaccomphshedareal missionary service in bringing the truths of the Bible to a wider understanding, appreciation and acceptance.

How to 'Is not the truth the truth?'

RICHARD L. EVANSSave 20%

Pilate's question to the Savior of mankind seems to be ever more important: "What is truth?"1 Much on THE of the difficulty and disappointment of life comes

SPOKEN either because we don't know the truth, or don't WORD live it when we know it. Much of our time is taken

in searching for the truth. Much of our trouble comes because we

is telling the truth. our effort is don't always know who Much of Church

theories, suppositions, arguing, in speculating, advocating spent hypotheses, and personal opinions which we presume to be the truth. All this—or some of this—seems necessarily so, because there

is so much that is not now known. But aside from what is not Books known, and aside from the necessary searching for the unknown,

there is also the question of deliberate deception. And we are not

here speaking of innocent deception or of the untruth of ignorance! (badfalsifieras thatwell mayknowsbe),thatbut heof deliberateis falsifying—aboutdeception—inpeople,whichaboutthe

principles, about products—for any motive whatsoever—for power

or profit or for any purpose. Scripture records many harsh things

concerning the falsifier, things that would sometime be well to cite—in a day when so much and so many seem so dedicated to

misleading the minds of men—in a day when the war of words is

so fiercely fought. "Truth,"said Mark Twain, "is the most valuable

Ill thing we have...."2 "Do not let us lie at all,"wrote John Ruskin.

"Do not think of one falsity as harmless, and another as slight, and another as unintended. Cast them all aside; they may be light

and accidental, but... it is better that our hearts should be swept

clean of them...."3 "Nothing gives such a blow to friendship,"

Free catalogue wrote William Hazlitt, "as detecting another in an untruth. It

strikes at the root of our confidence ever after."4 Falsehood causes

sent on request. sorrow, heartbreak, anguish, mistakes, waste, misguided lives. It

Clip and mail is a thing of the devil himself who is the father of darkness and lies from the beginning. And truth does not always seem to fare

coupon now well in every encounter. Certainly it is not always seen or known

or believed or accepted, so great is the power of deception and while you're deceit. But let those who have been wronged, deceived, defrauded,

injured, misguided, misled, be sustained and strengthened by this thinking assurance, as Oliver Wendell Holmes has said it: "Truth is tough.

..."5 It is tough. Truth

that almostabout it! willIt willemergenot break,and likeit awillbubble,triumph.at a touch.It would seem

Shakespeare was replying to Pilate with another question when he or send name and address to: asked: "Is not the truth the truth?"6

John 18:38.

2Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar.

3John Ruskin.

Hazlitt.

BOOKS 11-2 "OliverWilliam Professor Holmes, Wendell of the Breakfast Table, Ch. v. The

P.O. Box 400 ii, sc. 4. flShakespeare, act IV, I Henry

Salt City 10, Utah Lake Please send free catalogue of Church books. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

No obligation, of course. Columbia Broadcasting System, August 20, 1961. Copyright 1961.

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY STATE.

852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOUR FINE "SEELINERS"FOR You'll Agree... SUPERSCENIC SEEWAY TRAVEL:

... that no other route... no other means of The VistaDome CALIFORNIA ZEPHYR (CB & Q-D & RGWWP)

travel provides such spectacular scenery—at Daily San FranciscoSalt Lake CityDenver-OmahaChicago.

The PROSPECTOR (VistaDome between Salt Lake City and seelevel—as does Rio Grande's seeway through Grand Junction) Overnight, every night between Salt Lake City

the Rocky Mountain Wonderlands of Utah and and Denver. 1

The VistaDome COLORADO EAGLE (MP-D & RGW) Daily

Colorado. DenverColorado SpringsPueblo-WichitaKansas CitySt. Louis.

Experienced travelers testify that Rio Grande The VistaDome ROYAL GORGEDENVER ZEPHYR (CB&Q-

D&RGW) Daily between Salt Lake City and Denver via Royal is the best way to see the best of the west—at Gorge route. Throughcar Denver Zephyr service between Coloany time of year. rado Springs and Chicago.

Family Fare Plan RailAuto Plan

Travel Rio Grande next trip and you'll agree. Rail Travel Credit Plan Stopover privileges at all points

DENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

D. P. HEINER, General Agent, Passenger Dept., Hotel Utah, DAvis 2-5741, Salt Lake City, Utah

NOVEMBER 1961 853 A SENSATION FOR THE MUSICAL WORLD ORDER DIRECT FROM DENMARK AND SAVE!

$5850 When YOU are blowing a MARKIS de LUXE INSTRUMENT you know what power, tone quality and eternal performance is!

The MARKIS de LUXE Bb Clarinet will be played with pride by any student or probe enthusiastic fessional, too will you and resonant wood-?i smooth about the rich and

the easy, tone and wind is fully Clarinet action. The fastmadedependableof finest "Neither lie one to another

Grenadilla wood and includes the Boehm system, 17 keys and 6 rings.

The MARKIS de LUXE Trumpet is a trumpet of unusual performance and playing ease, comfortable with grip, perfect balRICHARD L. EVANS effortless action. ance and

The MARKIS de LUXE Cornet will delight cornet players who appreciate close fittings, full tone and balance.

The MARKIS de LUXE Trombone offers tireless and tensionfree playing, brilliant tone, balance and tremendous power, question, talked to Pilate's flexibility in both high week "What and Last unusual with we low registers. closed is truth?"a question with from Shake- 1 and lined case $58.50 in plush Clarinet

Lacquered Silve THE speare, which seemed in essence to be an answer:

Brass Plated 2 of SPOKEN "Is talked truth?"the the truth not $39.50 $42.50 Trumpet We have

case for trumpet 9.00 9.00 WORD $ $ in the of truth books, truth and what we read, Cornet $39.50 $42.50

case for cornet $ 9.00 $ 9.00 would turn now a moment to the truth of what we hear, the truth

Trombone with Duty approx.: $6.00 case—which$59.50cannot$68.50be of what we say. Truth or untruth is not always altogether a

prepaid! of inflection, of implication, of literal language, but often matter

your satisfaction We guarantee suggestion. person intent of subtle on being of innuendo, wise money refunded A clever in Newor otherYork.

(Rm. 1103, 15 E. 40 St., N.Y. 16, N.Y.) untruthful can give a false impression, even when his literal words

DEALERS'INQUIRIES ACCEPTED can little be called into question. This could, perhaps, be called

Jorgensen Bros., Lille Kongensgade 16, Copenthe inner untruth, the untruth of intent. Related closely to this

hagen, Denmark. question, Carlyle commented concerning eloquence and oratory—

Clarinet )Please send me (

) ( Trombone( ( ) Cornet) Send free( ) Trumpetcatalog. and it would apply in principle to any utterance, public or private:

I enclose check or M.O. I will pay postman duty "What has been done,"he asked, "by rushing after fine speech!...

charges.

Name I want you to study Demosthenes, and to know all his excellences.

Address At the same time, I must say that... he advised next to nothing

City Zone State that proved practicable; much of the reverse. Why tell me that a

man is a fine speaker, if it is not the truth that he is speaking?...

For, if a 'good speaker'... is not speaking the truth... but the

Guard Your untruth... is there a more horrid kind of object in creaFamily's Health

is I thing tion?... Really it speech, not the that spoken, but the am

grind your Stone it I really procare about! the flour anxious very little how man said hours before few o

baking bread and rolls vided I understand him and it be true...."3 "Beware of Affectation

. inexpensive.. an

way to get more nuin Speech,"wrote William Penn. "It often wrongs Matter, and

diet. trition into your lost ever shows a blind side."4 "Truth,"said another source, "is the Vitamins can be

by oxidation in a matsecret of eloquence and of virtue, the basis of moral authority; it

wheatter of days.processedEat purein is the highest summit of art and life."5 "It is sophistry,"wrote a

your own home. Avoid distinguished living American, "to pretend that in a free country

chemical additives!

a man has some sort of inalienable or constitutional right to deceive his fellow men.... It may be inexpedient to arraign every

public liar, as we try to arraign other swindlers.... But, in

INVEST IN A principle, there can be no immunity for lying in any of its...

LEE HOUSEHOLD forms."Technical "truth"coupled with the untruth of intent,

FLOUR MILL often seeks to deceive without seeming to deceive. But deceit is

Automatic punishable in the court of conscience, where all things are accounted

Portable clever be in his with words. no matter how a man may way Electric for,

7 lie line Economical "Neither from Leviticus: one to another."with a To close

Order today!

Choice of 4 mills.

"John 18:38. prices! for Write

-Shakespeare, J Henry IV, act ii., sc. 4. introducSave on

tory flour offer. 3Carlyle, Inaugural Address.

Send coupon with 4William Penn, More Fruits of Solitude.

check or money or- "Henri Frederic Amiel, Journal, 1854...

der for 5-lb. pkg., "Walter Lippm"nn.

stone ground day 7Leviticus 19:11.

shipped.

LEE ENGINEERING CO "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Milwaukee 1, Wis. Columbia Broadcasting System, August 27, 1961. Copyright 1961.

LEE ENGINEERING CO., Depr. IE11-61

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis.

.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.50

.... Wis. Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.00

Name

Street

City State

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RECREATION EXPLOSION

When the new American isn't hard at work, he's busy having fun.

He's off to skin dive or play golf or water ski—or to do any

of a thousandand-one other things. He likes his leisure lively.

He doesn't care how far he has to go to find his favorite recreation. His car takes care of that. He just packs up his family

and gear—and goes.

At the American Oil Company, we're known for petroleum

THE products and service that help put more pleasure in his going.

NEW Our company was formed from three great regional petroleum

AMERICAN companies who know what motorists in their areas need and want.

And we are always looking for new ways to improve our products and service. The output of our refineries is precisely

planned by electronic computers. They help us tailor the gasoline

to fit exactly the climate and altitude of every part of the country.

These computers make the right decisions with a speed and accuracy totally impractical by any other known method.

You expect more from American—and you get it!

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY NOVEMBER 1961 855 HOW WOULD YOU HEAT YOUR HOME IF THE GAS Land of the Savior driver, nor a barber nor a sailor, for a pedlar; a shepherd, nor nor FAILED?AND ELECTRICITY of their are occupations those owners (Continued from page 825) of thousands of homeHundreds thieves."

buildby this emergency for providedhave said: Rabbi Jehudah superstitions the greeted frequent the Heatform, around fireplaces theiring are wick- "Donkeydrivers mostly conditions. these deaths caused by spawith unit, steel heavydoublewalled honest; cameldrivers ed; mostly

firecourse, funeral a required paid the Of surrounding air chamberscious sailors pious; the best mostly among to and enliven capture prothat the mourners throat upper andbox the is for physicians Gehenna, and is that it heat certain signs, the cedures. home, through wascirculate 13 And

lost up the chimney by the masonry lined believed, indicated the reason for most honest of butchers a companion fireplace. HEATFORM, a complete unit, death. For instance, death after of Amelek."18

the to understanding One essential a perfect guide flue, is tonearth "that day's illness for the one termed was is of the Savior background construction eliminating walls,masonry after of rejection,"of cultural days "that two errors and smoke trouble. despair,"after four "that of reproof,"an understanding of the communicaand after five days of illness death tion facilities which he used. At the

was considered to be natural. To time of the Savior six main arteries

die with a happy smile, or with a of commerce had Caesarea and bright countenance, or looking upJerusalem as their objectives; these

ward was a good omen; to look were, respectively, the military and

downward, seem disturbed, to weep, the religious capitals of Judea. These

or even to turn to the wall were roads lay only along the principal evil signs. 14 lines of communication, but a large

However, the customs known by number of secondary roads also

Jesus were not all somber judgments, to be sure. One observance made it RAIN LITERWINTER FREE FOR TODAY WRITE for leaving a rule a house- a person

five all models on ATURE to of a piece of hold touch MILDRED GOFF folded BY style and every for HEATFORM to the doorpost, attached parchment

Model "A"size of fireplace.

his lips with It falls with a leaden touched and then he

SUPERIOR FIREPLACE COMPANY the same finger. The parchment Winter sound

Dept. IE-H Dept. IE-H bore these words from Deuteronomy On leafless trees

601 N. Point Rd. 4325 Artesia Ave. 6:4-5: And fallow ground,

Baltimore 6, Md. Fullerton, Calif. "Hear, O Israel: the Lord our God

is one Lord: Replenishing

"And thou shalt love the Lord thy The hidden, curled.

God with all thine heart, and with And secret fountains

Gives you the ultimate all thy soul, and with all thy might."Of the world.

These verses were called the in fingertip total "Shema"because "Shema"is a Hebrew word for "hear"or "listen,"traversed the country in all direcelectric living now.. which these verses begin. The tions. Many rules governed the use

custom follows the commandment and care of the roads. The Romans

and for years to come. given in Deuteronomy 6:9. 15 saw to it that while the country

Also, the custom of wearing a roads were chiefly bridle paths, the veil for the wedding ceremony was military roads were paved and proand had for many decades been obvided with milestones. An ancient

served at the time of Jesus. Marwriting, the Baha Kama, states that

riage festivities lasted a week as a the roads were repaired each spring;

rule, while the "bridal days"exthat no subterranean structure could tended over a full month. 10 be built beneath a road, and that

Education among the Jews conno projection could be allowed to sisted almost entirely of home aphang over a road. Those who alprenticeships with the parents as lowed obstructions to remain in the

taskmasters, except that a few priroads were liable for any damage vate schools were conducted by the they might cause. Three kinds of

rabbi at the synagogues. These pervehicles are mentioned in the conhaps utilized parchment records of temporary juridical tractates Baha

When the future is allrules and law interpretations to supKama and Baha Bathra; they are a

electric, why buy anything plement the scriptures. 17 Many round carriage like the gig of a few

but a Gold Medallion Home? beliefs and superstitions were enterdecades ago, an "elongated,"and a

tained which governed the choice car constructed for the transport of of a profession. As an example, one goods. Of course it can be seen that

'<. ancient writer, Abba Gurjan of travel in those days was not comZadjan, said: fortable nor easy.19

UTAH POWER * LIGHT CO. "Let not a man bring up his son The most difficult problem with

Buy new from your dealer to be a donkevdriver, nor a camelwhich Christ was forced to contend

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA v&Jl. thought of hslihmq* ivl lAjtakL (Dixin?

Brigham Young predicted a great future for this valley, and spent some of his winters here.

His winter home still stands.

Now, we are building a village for retired people.

St. George has an elevation of 2700 feet, with a climate similar to that of Phoenix. The coldest month of the year has an average daily maximum temperature of 52.7. The area is noted

for its bright winter sunshine, and its friendly people.

i i St. George has just celebrated its centennial. It is rich in history

\ \j j and full of promise for the future. A temple city, a college city, a tourist

-,. city, a scenic city, a rodeo city—on Interstate Highway 15, half way

between Salt Lake and Los Angeles.

Write for further information.

770*vfi#ce# SUN LAND

IN UTAH'S DIXIE WHERE THE SUMMER SUN SPENDS THE WINTER

Orval Hafen, President 51 North Main, St. George, Utah—Phone OR 3-2681

. YOU'RE AHEAD EVERY WAY WHEN YOU INSTALL..

rmr

feature for feature no other folding door can match it in...

BEAUTY DURABILITY ADAPTABILITY ECONOMY A Typical Latter Day Saints Church installation

we welcome the opportunity to verify these facts CONTACT YOUR 1.0.5. DISTRIBUTOR

SPLENDOR OF UTAH, SALT LAKE CITY

Amazing new beauty in a range of 14 soft pastel OR WRITE colors Choice of aluminum or steel Greater fire THE resistance Superior accoustlcally More durable SI '"Sue i* 'Fingertip operation 25% to 50% less stacking space fS** More economical Less maintenance Easily installed

Rigid and light weight Any width Heights: Aluminum CORPORATION

WORLDWIDE to 30', Steel to 12'For religious, institutional, comDISTRIBUTION mercial, recreational installations. BOX 71, NEW CASTLE. INDIANA

NOVEMBER 1961 857 was probably the same as is ours gain even the piety of the people. hoped for a Messiah whose prowess

today—that of materialism. Of They had abandoned any religious would bring them to world power.

course there were many wealthy idea of Israel's vocation, and any Jesus was not a nationalist; and it

people, and naturally many of them thought of winning the world for presented a major difficulty to the had attached themselves to material Jehovah. The official atmosphere Jews wishing to accept Jesus'docvalues to the extent that they lost could will only destruction of the trine that it was not nationalistic as

all spiritual perspective; in the same ideas of anyone who might suggest they had expected that it would

manner, many of the poor lost their national repentance. 21 Jesus grew be. 23

better characters by struggling too up in a world opposed to Rome on Jesus'cosmopolitan background material to gain and expectant to escape onehard hand from the of its prepared him well to meet his many savior priestly belicosepoverty. on the other. Sadducees own 20 The It is axiomatic difficult problems.

clique who were in control of the The Pharisees and Scribes hated that without it he could not have temple were turning to their own Rome with great fervor, and they evinced a doctrine so completely applicable to all of mankind. Unique

circumstances fostered the growth of Christ and Christianity from the outset. God converged three currents of history at the immortal

manger of Bethlehem: a Jewish

rethere the 1 maiden under was Save Now of quirements storv law; the Roman for the Things i of her marvelous child was destined

to in the the be related of language You Want Most Greeks. cultures three These each

extended a gift to the Savior and to his kingdom which has proved far more durable than could be any gift of the Magi. The Jew laid out gifts

from the wealth of his religious history and consciousness; the Greek

brought an expressive language and trained intellect; and the Roman

presented an organized world. 24

FOOTNOTES

1 H. E. Dana, The New Testament

Your savings account at Western Savings can asWorld (Nashville: Broadman Press, 1937),

sure you of the things you and your family want p. 2Morton17. Scott Enslin, Christian Bemost. College for the children... travel for yourginnings (New York: Harper & Brothers,

selves... better furnishings for your home... what- i 19*8),3 Dana,p. op.186.cit., p. 17.

ever you want the safe and the sure way is to 4Edersheim (no Christian name given), save with Western... where Jewish(New York:Social JamesLife in Pottthe Days& Co.,of 1881),Christ

you get the very most. p. 20.

Hbid., pp. 1-2.

fiFranklin Jesus, Life and His L. West,

insured account by Your to $10,000 Earnings Bookcraft, Teachings City: (Salt Lake

Federal Insurance Savings the Loan and Compounded p. 9. 1953), a Corporation, of the permanent agency

United States Government. Semiannually 7Edersheim, op. cit., p. 86.

sWest, op. cit., p. 9.

Mail this coupon today: 9Edersheim,10West, op. cit.,op. pp.cit., 1011.pp. 9394.

1XA. A. Acton, Thou Art the Christ

(New York: Fleming H. Bevell Co., 1936),

WESTERN SAVINGS pp. 2728.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 12West, op. cit., p. 10.

Enclosed is my check money order 13Idem.14Edersheim, op. cit., p. 166.

for $ Please open a savings 15West, op. cit., p. 12.

cit., op. 155. p. lf5Edersheim, WESTERN SAVINGS account in the name of:

11. p. op. cit., 17West, LOAN AND COMPANY Name cit.. 182. op. p. 18Edersheim,

Home Office—45 East 1 st South wIbid., pp. 42, 44, 46.

City, Salt Lake Utah cit., 2829. 20Acton, op. pp. (if a joint account put second name here) the Jesus Weigle, and Allan 21Luther Office—Cottonwood

Address.the York: 4989 Highland Drive Educational Method (New Holtaday, Utah

City State Portland Office—N. E. Sandy at 43rd Abingdon22Acton, Press,op. cit.,1939),pp. pp.2526.43, 45.

Portland, Oregon 23Weigle, op. cit., pp. 55, 85.

24Dana, op. cit., p. 24.

We pay the postage both ways when you save by mail

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Visiting the Holy Land has probably undergone few changes Capernaum on the north shore are since Christ's time. If anything, there close to the water, which would

(Continued from page 811) are fewer cities and a much smaller seem to indicate that the level of population now than there was then. the lake probably has changed little

copy of the scroll, or a complete For one wishing to stay overnight, since the time of our Lord. Here

duplicate of it in book form. suitable hotel accommodations can one can walk on the shore where the

Jesus also walked east of the be had at Tiberias on the southwest fishermen must have docked their

Jordan, although we know little of coast or at Safat (TseFat), a few boats, where they dried and mended the actual places he visited during miles away on top of cool Mt. Canaan. their nets, and where they brought

his Perean ministry. John merely At the Sea of Galilee one can in their catches; where the Savior

says, "But he escaped out of their truly get the feeling that he is intaught and where he appeared hand, deed walking in the footsteps of after his resurrection. The Gospels

"And went away again beyond the Savior. The ruins of the city of tell us that the Savior crossed this

Jordan into the place where John first baptized; and there he abode."

In Perea he spent some time teaching the gospel and healing the sick before making his final journeyto Jerusalem. YOUR HOME

A person who extends his visit in to spend a day or wantJordan may possibly to ENTERTAINMENT CENTER of the Jordan,more east visit rosered ancient, the fabulous, 23"TV - High Fidelity Stereo - FM AM Radio solid Petra,city of out of the carved rock, or Amman, the present capitol 23"overall diag. picture meets., 280 sq. in. of rectangular picture area.

of the Hashemite Kingdom of allin-one combination the ancientJordan. was Amman

Greek Philadelphia, and here are many interesting archaeological sites.

He may visit the ruins of Jerash,another of the cities of the DerN/TH capolis, or go by jeep to the top of

Mt. Nebo, from which summit Moses deluxe console

looked over the Promised Land.

Crossing "no man's land"from Jordan into Israel through the

Mandelbaum Gate is an interesting and somewhat frightening experience. This strip of deserted land,

varying in width from a narrow street to several hundred yards, was shot up and bombed during the hostilities. Residents on both sides of

the line are careful to stay out of it.

Arab boys will carry your suitcases part way across this area, collect their tips, and scurry back to the safety of their country. The rest of

the way you are your own porter. et&aJcfacudKs ht&deuv

Taxi or bus to Tel Aviv on the coast is very reasonable, and from there one can join regular tours or BEST IN TV PERFORMANCE!

hire an auto with driver, or a driveHandcrafted Service Saver Chassis gives you greater operit-yourself car. The Sea of Galilee ating dependability, fewer service headaches. You get great

is less than seventyfive miles to the brighter, sharper TV pictures with Zenith's SunshineS Picture northeast, and all the way one can Tube.

see many evidences of how the Jewish people, returning to their BEST IN THRILLING STEREO!

former home, are making their Zenith's high fidelity stereo makes all your records sound country blossom. We were interbetter on Deluxe CobraMaticS changer with Cobra Tone

ested in learning that some fiftyArm.

seven languages are spoken in this little country by these people who BEST IN DRIFTFREE FM!

have returned to it from many parts To make your entertainment complete, the Glenlake features of the world. world famous Zenith FM with Automatic Frequency Control

The area around the Sea of Galilee for driftfree FM listening.

Available at your local Zenith Dealer

NOVEMBER 1961 859 t>ody of water a number of times. the city of Nazareth, where as far miracle of turning water into wine.

Here he walked on the surface of as we know, the Savior spent most In this area, as is the case throughthe lake, and here he stilled the of the thirty years of his life before out Palestine, are many places of storm which threatened to capsize he started his ministry. One site in interest which date back to Old

the vessel in which he and the the city which seems to be quite Testament times. South of Nazareth

apostles were traveling. Somewhere authentic is Mary's Well, where the stretches the plain of Armageddon

in this area Jesus preached the Sermother of the Savior of the world, or Esdraelon, the noted battlefield.

mon on the Mount and performed and possibly her Son during his Armies of the Egyptians, the Hitthe miracles of the loaves and the early years, daily came to get water tites, the Syrians, the Philistines, the fishes. to take care of their household Middonites, the Israelites, the AsUp in the tops of the hills of needs. syrians, the Greeks, the Romans, the

Galilee, about fifteen miles west and Some five miles away is Cana, Crusaders, the Turks, the British, a little south of the Sea of Galilee where at the wedding feast the and lastly the Jews and the Arabs and 1,100 feet above sea level, is Savior performed his first recorded have fought here. Here is the

setting for that final battle of mankind as predicted by John in the sixteenth chapter of Revelation.

Jesus could look upon it daily from

Nazareth. He must have walked I across it many times. OJVI

Telling of a recent trip he made to the Holy Land* Elder Spencer

W. Kimball of the Council of the

Twelve said:

"To visit such the places where jCfcttstas shopping affected the happenings momentous

Three gift ideas to order now, and eternities of us all was most interesttuck away for holiday giving ing and intriguing and added color to our picture, but we did not need to walk through the Holy Land to Every girl loves Ship 'n Shore's shirt truth. eternal know blouse

realized 65% Dacron'"with slimline1 polyester,collar 35%and placket.cotton. it is not so important "We

36. White, blue, gold or beige, 30 to to know whether Mt. Hermon or Mt.

ZCMI SPORTSWEAR - Street Floor Tabor was the transfiguration place but to know that on the summit of a

Light a scent in every room. Our glass high mountain was held a great conjar apothecary candle has a scented ference of mortal and immortal

lilac, pink, carnation, nside. Lemon,

hyacinth, or for the holidays especially, beings where unspeakable things balsam or boyberry. 1.50 ea. were said and authoritative keys

ZCMI STATIONERY - Street Floor were delivered and approval was

Holiday green sevenpiece beverage given of the life and works of his set of delightful crinkle glass. Handonly Begotten Son when the voice

made in Italy, elegant uneven textures of the Father in the overshadowing attractive equally with contemporary said: 'This cloud Son, Beloved my traditional or settings. 3.98 in I pleased.'(Matt. whom am wellis - Third GIFTS Floor "ZCMI

17:5.) "Not so important to know upon which great stone the Master leaned in agonizing decisionprayers in the

Garden of Gethsemane, as to know that he did in that area conclude to jr**>T> accept voluntarily crucifixion for our sakes. Not so needful to know

on which hill his cross was planted nor in what tomb his body lay nor in which garden he met Mary, but that he did hang in voluntary physical and mental agony; that his lifeless, bloodless body did lie in the

tomb into the third day as prophesied, and above all that he did emerge a resurrected perfected one—the first fruits of all men in

<*For a delightful and stimulating account of his visit see "The Unforgettable Holy Land,"to Mail your order P. Service, Shopping ZCMI O. Box Spencer1961, pageW. 422.Kimball, The Improvement Era, June Salt City, Lake Utah. 1229, Please shipping add 24c

charge for blouse, 47c for candle, 63c for crinkle glass set.

Utah residents include 3% sales tax.

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Truth can be stranger than fiction. In this case it is, and few are

resurrection and the author of the gospel which could give eternal life the works of fiction which can match the emotional impact of many to obedient man. of the historically factual episodes in this book."

"Not so important to know where DR. IVAN HINDERAKER, CHAIRMAN, DEFT OF POLITICAL SCIENCE, UCLA

he was born and died and resurrected but to know for a certainty that the Eternal Living Father came to approve his Son in his baptism and later in his ministry, that the

Son of God broke the bands of death and established the exaltation, the way of life, and that we may grow like him in knowledge and perfected eternal life. And this I

know, and give my solemn witness, in the name of Jesus Christ. Ajsien."

There Laid They Jesus

(Continued from page 849)

mind, loving hands lowering the body, carrying it to the garden, wrapping it in linen cloths, hurriedly, because of the Jewish Sabbath "Mormonism, Americanism and Politics"was approaching, and tenderly and lovchosen by the Ensign Publishing Co. (publishers

ingly placing it in the tomb which of the topselling "The Naked Communist") as had been hastily extended in length to accommodate it. the book most likely to be their next bestseller.

We have thought we could hear Mary say to the person she supposed Richard Vetterli's superblytold political history of the Church of to be the gardener, "Sir, if thou hast Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints not only helps Mormons to more borne him hence, tell me where thou fully understand the heritage of their political philosophy... it is

hast laid him, and I will take him a true story so gripping you will find it completely absorbing your into our Tears haveaway."come interest until you've read the final exciting episode!

saypictured Jesus haveeyes as we ing to her, "Mary!"and of her recogTold here for the first time, in such entirety, is the dramatically

nizing him and realizing that he had documented account of all these vital seldomexplored sides to our in very deed risen from the dead. Mormon political history...

20:1118.)(See John

If this is the place where these The place of Mormon political philosophy in the American events occurred, then there is no Way of Life.

more. sacred spot upon the face of Why Joseph Smith ran for President and the importance

the earth, for no more glorious event of his political platform today!

than the resurrection has ever The Southern Secessionist conspiracy behind the Utah transpired. And we find ourselves War—Mormons and the Civil War.

those gratefulincreasingly to political plot leading to the antipolygamy "crusades"who The sites helpeddiscovered these and 1880's. of the 1870'sandpreserve them so beautifully in their

natural state for the enjoyment and The prophecy of Joseph Smith concerning the time when inspiration of Holy Land visitors. the Constitution will be threatened.

The trust deed to the property Basic political principles established by Joseph Smith and specifies "That the garden and tomb LDS responsibility today to uphold them.

be kept sacred as a quiet spot and preserved on the one hand from If your order is The Ensign Publishing Co., P.O. Box 2316

desecration, and on the other hand mailed before Dec. 3, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

uses."superstitious has Thisfrom will receive 1961, you I will find I check Enclosed you Gentlemen: It is free churches done.been from

(Utah in the edition copy or order of $7.95 amount a first I I money

It statues. altars,and shrines, and Richard of for sales tax) a copy residents add 3%

is a peaceful, sacred, holy spot—Autographed for Christmas! Vetterli's "Mormonism, Americanism and Politics."

for prayer,place for meditation and personally autographed Name My visit toreverence and revery. No author... in by the Address without is completethe Holy Land

spending a few sacred hours in time for Christmas City Zone its confines. giving! State

NOVEMBER 1961 861 PUSSYFOOTING AROUND Blessed Are They the blood of this just person; see ye

it."the answered: to people And pr. 2.98 (Continued from page 805) "His blood be on our on us, and

Pussyfooters are cattalk for California's onthe-prowl playchildren."(Matt. 27.)

shoes. Custommade his following then stood of world Pilate that ordered a title be

kitten soft suede leather resurrection. said to the multiHe in written the cross placed for on barefoot comfort.

Saddlestitched to on tudes he was to whom Latin, Greek, "The and speaking, to Hebrew, flexible cowhide soles continent: of those on this flatly reKing of the Jews."He... ankletied a all with

cat's whisker bow. Sizes "Behold, I am Jesus Christ the fused to have the title either

4 to 10 in 4 purrfect colors fashion-—Son of God. I created the heavens changed or removed.

Siamese Tan, Tomcat and the earth, and all things that Jesus was to have carried his own

Black, Angora White, in them are. I was with the Father cross, but he was too weak. For Persian Red. 2.98 pr.

I in beginning. the the from am hours he twentyfour been had M* in Father, me; the Father and and incistrain that the great under was CalLeather Co.. Dept. ERPF11,

963 Harrison St., San Francisco 7, Calif. in me hath the Father glorified his dent to this great sacrifice which he

Please send me pairs of Pussyfoofers name. was to offer.

2.98 @ pr. "I came unto my own, and my As he came to the place of cruci-

D. Check M. O. C. O.

CIRCLE SIZE AND COLORS DESIRED own received me not. And the fixion, they offered him a drink of

Siies: 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 scriptures concerning my coming vinegar and gall, an opiate. He

Colors: Tan fulfilled. refused it. He then went on to the Name Black n White Q Red fjmm are "And as many as have received Arin'rcss crucifixion.

City -Zone -Stateme, to them have I given to beHaving in mind the modesty come the sons of God; and even so which I am sure attached to him

will I to as many as shall believe on and recalling the experience of my name, for behold, by me rePeter on the lakeshore, how offendemption cometh, and in me is the sive it must have been when they law of Moses fulfilled. stripped Jesus naked, and, then

"I am the light and the life of laying the cross on the ground, they the and Alpha Omega, world. I am laid the cross—the crossupon him

... the beginning the end. and his piece shoulders—a under peg

"Behold, I have come unto the protruding from the upright beam, world to bring redemption unto the which he straddled to support his world, to save the world from sin."body. They first nailed his hands

FOLDING (3 Nephi 9:1518, 21.) and then his feet. Then as the next

During the crucifixion the veil step in this, the cruelest death of PEDESTAL veil rent, TABLES the of the temple was ancients the raised they knew, in which

Direct from factory off the that savthe cut Holy temple let it the cross a jolt with drop and ing to Churches, Schools,

Clubs, Lodges and all organiPlace from the Holy of Holies thus into the pit which was dug to conzations. 1962 clear that understand, making MONROE as we it, tain causing the one crucified to Folding Banquet Tables are in force of Moses no was the Law for quality, unmatched suffer duraexcruciating agony.

it is bility, said there that convenience time more. handand At

the Savior words which The first some appearance. sizes for models and 94 graves the an earthquake and was every for use. Write after cross uttered the been had resurafter opened, the and were

"Father, were, forgive BIG FREEthem; 1962 CATALOG forth rection, from their raised came many line Full Colorpictures. tables, chairs, MONROE for they do."they know not what table trucks, platformrisers, and chair portin visited the city. graves and

partitions. able Write today! these (Luke 23:34.) modern And the preserve tried to Pilate had THE Church St., Colfax, Iowa 249 MONROE CO., revisers that tell us that should not life Six times of the he had Lord.

gone to the multitude and asked be in the Book, yet there is no other them to consent to his releasing the sentiment more lofty, more filled

Lord and six times they had refused. with divine love than this.

His wife had told him that she had Then, having said this, the soldiers had a dream and she urged him to divided his clothes among them, multipursuant to prophecy, and the this to righteous hurt do nothing tude jeered and him and mocked at the said to DEVELOPEDFILMSand PRINTED man. them He had

last, "Behold the man,"and they said to him, "You have saved others, called out to him, "Crucify."He now save yourself."They scorned

PER ROLL had tried to have them release him.

Christ to them in place of another The next that was said resulted

For B or 12 Exposure any 6, 8 &W the Roll prisoner, colloquy the seemingly a from Barabbas, between

Roll per only 354 PRINTS JUMBO finally surthe thieves Savior political prisoner. and who were He

GENEALOGY PHOTOS rendered the Christ to them in one on each side of him, one cursNEGATIVES MADE of OLD charge of his soldiers, and they went ing him, the other asking for mercy,

PRINTS 604 each. PHOTOS, that for crucify to him. one asked and to to Golgotha As a who

of NEGATIVE, 44 each said, feelings, last of he shalt thou testimony mercy, day "To his own

Send coin only—no C.O.D. s he had washed his hands before be with me in paradise,"(Ibid.,

MoneyBack Guarantee them, declaring, "I am innocent of 23:43.)

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P. O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I have always thought it was a I bear my witness that he was dent of the Church, from then till curious thing that the record conthe first fruits of the resurrection now, has had the same powers, and tained no mention of any of the and that even as he was resurrected, the same keys that were conferred apostles except John being at the so in the due time of the Lord each upon the Prophet Joseph.

crucifixion. The mother of Jesus of us will be resurrected. God bless us all and help us to

and the other women were there, I bear my witness that the priestbuild up our testimony, increase our but seemingly no man but John hood was taken away from the knowledge to the end that all of us faced the ordeal with him. Then earth and that it was restored in this, may not only be resurrected—we

came the next statement, as looking the beginning of the last dispensapay nothing for that boon—but that

down into the multitude before him, tion and was conferred upon Joseph all of us may so live that we may he saw his mother, and he saw Smith and Oliver Cowdery, and also be exalted in the kingdom of

John, and he said, "Woman, behold from them has descended to us. I God. This I pray in the name of

thy son!"And to John, "Behold thy bear my witness that every PresiJesus. Amen.

mother!"(John 19:2627.)

Then at this period apparently the darkness came and lasted from the sixth to the ninth hour. He was

crucified the third hour, which was about nine o'clock. In the western

world the darkness lasted for three days, seemingly disappearing the morning of the resurrection.

Following the coming of the darkness came from him that great utterance recorded in the Psalms, and may I suggest to you that you will find interest in reading the twentysecond, twentythird, and twentyfourth Psalms, known as the "Messianic Psalms,"the expression that has been with men since David wrote it: "My God, my God, why

hast thou forsaken me?"(Matt.

27:46.) The darkness had fallen.

The next expression was, "I thirst,"(John 19:28) and those about said,

"Let be, let us see whether Elias will come to save him."(Matt. 27:49.)

But the soldiers dipped some hyssop (a fragrant, pungent shrub) in some vinegar and put it to his mouth.

Then next, as I would arrange the order, came the cry, "It is finished,"(John 19:30) and then the final expression, "Father, into thy hands I

commend my spirit."(Luke 23:46.)

Then as the record goes, he bowed his head and gave up the ghost.

My brothers and sisters, I bear my witness that Jesus was the Christ, the Son of God, who came to earth in accordance with the divine plan mapped out in the Great Council of heaven, to atone for the fall of

Adam.

I bear my witness that he lived, he moved, he performed his mission here. I bear my witness that he

died, was crucified, and that thereafter, third the the on morning of bringresurrected, thus heday was TASTE ITS TINGLING TARTNESS ing to every mortal born on this Here's Sprite... the spark-a-ling new soft drink that's

earth the blessing of the resurrection, the reuniting of the body to brisk and bright, crystalclear and icylight. Taste its

the spirit. tingling tartness in the bright green bottle with the

bubbles. From the same company that bottles CocaCola.

NOVEMBER 1961 863 Joseph Smith's Contributions

(Continued from page 817)

said: I will send the first.

"And the second was angry, and kept not his first estate; and, at that

day, many followed after him."

(Abraham 3:22, 2425, 2728.)

According to these same ancient documents the gospel was taught unto Adam who knew of Jesus Christ and looked forward to his coming as did those who came after him.

You can reduce In the early writings of the Prophet NOW! every needed

Moses, we find this passage:

with delicious, "... in the language of Adam, vitamin and mineral

Man of Holiness is his name, and safe, economical the name of his Only Begotten is the all in one tablet!

Son of Man, even Jesus Christ, a righteous come Judge, who shall SURE of time."6:57.) the meridian (Moses in LYMAN'S

MEAL "And,In the behold,same recordEnochwesawread:the day of the coming of the Son of Man, DAILY SUPPLY

just mail in coupon even in the flesh; and his soul refamily-priced... at less

joiced, saying: Righteous The below, today! is than 2c per tablet! lifted is slain up, and the Lamb

Sure slim Meal trim with 2 and Get the of the world."from foundation This truly allin-one remarkable, new

nutritious, daily! powservings Just mix (Ibid., 7:47.)... vitaminmineral specially tablet formmilk or milk with Sure dered Meal 2%

entirely ulated sources from natural food Christ before years thousand Two per for lowcalorie meals (210241) two by a wellknown Coast laboraWest flesh born in the in Bethlehem 400was to enjoy a satisfying 300 day. Then

to this is brought you at to Ameritory he announced an ancient... have OR, regular calorie each day. meal

refreshingly low price only through this prophet: can

calories) servings (169 Meal two Sure in this magazine. the Compare "... I am he who was prepared offer milk water with and powdered mixed

multiple in vitamins minerals and Lyman's of the to from foundation the world 500calorie to meal substantial a with 400... Daily tablets Supply the compare I people. redeem Behold my am 900calorie unlike fixed Thus, day! each

... P. U. S. units allin-one the compare Christ. all shall In Jesus... me allliquid allows diets. Sure one Meal

... tablet convenience then compare light; eterthat have mankind and natural for bulk the and day meal a good

... price all the with the others! You'll nally, shall they even believe who requires. your body food

this find to the be its best product of shall they name; and 1 become on my slim just with Sure stay Meal Then

kind the at prices! lowest... sons daughters."and (Ether my daily! at the my your weight serving Keep

Just tablet a kiddies one for to day up 3:14.) 1 with point the continuing desired by

... of years 6 or tablets one age a two

regular serving, 2 plus Sure daily Meal is entire of The Book Mormon... for day to youngsters of 6 12 and

gain a pounds, Should few meals. you to dedicated the task of convincing or one tablets more a day, as needed,

1 to return the reg- 2 simply Meal, Sure all is "that mankind the Christ Jesus... for teenagers adults and provide

daily for ular weight schedule easy meal the of the son Living God."the daily requirements of each group age

is not control. food, a Sure fad a Meal light the In of these scriptures for natural vitamins minerals. and

... carefully to provide balanced every of Jesus in Nazareth appears a far Daily Lyman's Supply tablets for the

in nutritional essential a element lowgreater role than merely teacher a family help whole assure buoyant good is diet. calorie high Sure Meal And—

. of. as in health His men. words, recorded. guard against or vitamin

better quality—tasting and easier to

mineral take deficiencies. the Gospel of John, on new and Ideal and economical

it use. Try soon. vital meaning, for the resurrection missionaries everywhere. "I am

Not yet available in food or drug stores. and the life: he that believeth in me, Excellent as a fundraising project for

though he were dead, yet shall your Stake or Ward!

live: Don Lyman & Associates, he

1087 East 9th South, Salt Lake City 5, Utah "And whosoever liveth and beDon Lyman & Associates,

Please rush the following lieveth in me, shall never die."1087 East 9th South,

quantities MEAL: of SURE

Size 20Meal $ 4.75 (John 11:2526.) SaltSend Lakethe followingCity 5, Utahquantities of Lyman's

40Meal Size 9.00 The members of the Church of Daily Supply natural vitaminmineral tablets:

Size (Case) 240Meal 45.00 100Tablet Bottle 1.95 $ Christ Saints of Jesus Latterday

free delivery phone For 3-9674 EM Bottle 500Tablet 8.95 in their are firm convictions concernflavor: desired

1,000Tablet Bottle 16.95 Defatted Chocolate Vanilla D Check their ing grateful are and Redeemer be in interested selling may Lyman's Butterscotch Bland Maple IDaily Supply vitaminmineral tablets. unto the for Prophet selling in interested Smith Joseph be I may I interested Daily in Lyman's am Supply

as dealer. a SURE MEAL his tablets as faithfulness fundraising a project. as servant a of God

My name My name My address My address.

City Zone State City Zone State

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for those you love in bringing to again the knowledge SEASON'S GREETINGS of vital information. man such

All who believe in God and delight in the search for truth should prayerfully read and study all that has come to light in these latter days concerning the mission of Christ so that the destructive influto ences of doubt and skepticism may be rooted out of their lives. Caifds

picturing you and your family Censoring the Joseph Smith Story (Continued from page 813) quote a passage from Orson Hyde:

"Some one may say If this work of the last days be true, why did not the Savior come himself and communicate this intelligence to the world?'Because to the angels was

Committed the power of reaping the earth, and it was committed to none else."(JD, 6:355.) 50 CARDS with ENVELOPES $3.49

Again they have pulled the same 100 CARDS with ENVELOPES $5.99

stunt, underlining the words that CHOOSE YOUR FAVORITEwould make that it appear Jesus does FAMILY SNAPSHOT not come at all, while what the author actually says is that he did The most delightfully warm and

Christmas of Greetingnot "to the world,"come which is personalall so inexpensive!—and Run exactly the point that Brigham favorite your through family

Young was making: Jesus Christ negatives now—pick the one

did not make a public appearance you want to appear on your

Christmas—and mail Card in glory; did not he personally circutoday. coupon below Your late men, among but sent his angels will Christmas their cards on be

for the reaping and the gathering. way to you in a few weeks,

The preaching of the gospel and the envelopes and all! Order now to

reaping of the harvest, of which avoid disappointment!

Brother Hyde is speaking, is one SAM'S LAB PHOTO ofaspect the of this work dispensa- P.O. Box 1115, Salt Dept. AA, Lake City, Utah ILLUSTRATED: NEW

tion, under the direction of the "SLIMLINE"Please find enclosed lor $ Christinas angels; visit with Photos the of attached negatives. the Father I want: and SIZE: CARD -ACTUAL

the Son is another and totally differ- 3!/2"x7"

ent aspect; there is no conflict whatSATISFACTION GUARANTEED Please Print

ever between the two great events, Name but Orson is speaking only of Hyde Address ORDER NOW!the preaching and the gathering, Sony! No guarantee of delivery on

and what he says is perfectlv correct. orders received after December 1. Citv PRESIDENTS of UTAHSlat. add TV TAX

Having with great fanfare fired off these two duds, the experts now bring their atomic cannon into play. Custom built storage

The Great Discovery is a quotation truckspadding withand rubberball IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS from the History of Joseph Smith as bearing casters to fit Aids in treatment of Canker, simple published in the Deseret News of Weany spacegive condition.maximum sore throat and other minor mouth

of chairs and and throat irritations.May 29, 1852: storagetables in availthe

"This afternoon, Erastus Holmes, able space.

or Write phoneof Ohio, Newbuiy, called on to me specifications andfor HALLSinquire REMEDY prices. about the establishment of

City. Salt Lake Utahthe church, A. LaMont to Nielsen, and instructed be in

-<>0H-0-M-0-04 00-(>l()<)4 Gen. Mgr.doctrine perfectly. more I gave him

it's "If F1TT a DESIGN briefa relation of experience my it fit will your need."

FITT Model DDHV58while juvenile DRINK years, say in my from 12/13-4/2Ssix years old re- I up to the time 29"58"long wide x ceived the first visitation of angels, FITT DESIGN & MFG. CO. ficqo A delightful

2392 East 2900 South hot beverage for those Salt 9, City Lake Utah

Phones IN 7-3968, AM 2-1572 who don't drink coffee.

AT YOUR GROCERS NOVEMBER 1961 865 BETWEEN which was when I was about fourteen years old; also the revelations

... that I received afterwards concernTEMPLE SQUARE VISITS

enjoy a snack at Hotel Utah's delightful new ingaccountthe Bookof theof Mormon,rise and progressand a shortof

discoverers of this passage The... in the BOWLn'BASKET the church up to this date."at pains to been have underline the lobby, lower opposite

clear that of it which make it first the Prophet of the is speaking CNrf entrance.the Coffee Shop parts

vision and nothing else. They have

] i Open 'round the clock not, however, taken pains to point |—24 hours a day out that the date of this interview

is Saturday, October 14, 1835—which

Tasty food.. makes a hash of the prevailing Party

fast service.. Line that Joseph Smith invented all

pleasant surroundings his vision stories in Nauvoo some years later. This date of 1835 leads

to cry forgery, slyly HOTEL UTAH surmisingdesperate contriversthat the date was

Home of the famous SKY Room interpolated into the Deseret News

Max Dean, Manager account. But here we have an excellent control, for if the editors of the

paper were free to invent stories and dates to suit their fancy, it is hardly conceivable that they would run the risk of a misunderstanding by using the ambiguous term "angels"when for many years it had been uniformly taught by the Church that the two visitors were the Father and the illy -Kid Son. The peculiarity of the language

vouches for the authenticity of the story. BOYSWEAR

Nor have our searchers bothered to note that exactly one week previous to his interview with

Holmes, Joseph Smith had another visitor, as reported in the Deseret

News just two weeks before the available at department above item appeared:

"I was this morning introduced stores and boys'shops to a man from the east. After hearing my name he remarked that I

throughout the Rocky was nothing but a man, indicating by that expression, that he had supMountain region. posed that a person to whom the

Lord should see fit to reveal his will, must be something more than

HORTEX MANUFACTURING CO. / EL PASO, TEXAS a man.... And indeed, such is the

darkness and ignorance of this generation, that they look upon it as incredible that a man should have anv intercourse with his Maker."83

CHURCH BULLETIN BOARDS The most economical food wrap Since all Christians have always for Indoor.'..'-..- I.. ''=.-.. r you can use: believedcourse withthat a hismanMakercan havethroughinteror Outdoor prayer, meditation, or mystical exit periences, must have somebeen Use... KITCHEnWAXED PAPERCHflRm different thing very to which the

BoardsFamous his DAVSON visitor Prophet alludand were.. ChangeableLetter

noted, As have we Joseph.Directory Announceand PEWS.PULPITaCHANCEL ing.

Boards,ment Cork did not Smith choose to discuss Boards,Chalk Boards,Name |Plates, etc. FURNITURE these matters; indeed, he told

j write for Free catalog Erastus Holmes very briefly of hisWRITE for free catalog. AND LOWDIRECTPRICES

A. C.

Dept. IE, DAVENPORT311 North Desplaines Street,& SON,Chicago"6,'INC,Illinois JRRedington&Co.

DEPt. 10 SCRANTON 2, PA.

866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This mark tells you a product is made of modern, dependable Steel.

"juvenile years... up to the time I

received the first visitation of angels,"resuming again with "the revelations that I received afterwards concerning the Book of Mormon...."This could mean, and

seems to imply, that he actually skipped the part about his first vision.

But to return to our shrewd discoverers. "This statement of Joseph

Smith,"they triumphantly announce, "refutes the teaching that the

Father and the Son appeared to him in the first vision of 1820...."Refutes it? Does he say that the Father

and Son did not appear to him? That

would be a refutation. Does he say

who the angels were, or how many?

THE YOUNG PIANIST

BY KAY CAMMER

The inner beauty of a child Is seen in every note she plays.

The music stored within her soul

Reflects in all the tender ways

She curls her fingers—moves her

head; Time is forgotten—problems fled;

Pursued by sound the tension scatters—

She's lost in a world where music matters.

How cold is up? We know that outer space can never be colder than minus 459.72 Fahrenheit—that's absolute zero, the point at which all molecular motion ceases. We don't know what

If our experts had taken the trouble coldness like this will do to materials, but we're finding out. Scientists are using a heat exchanger

to consult a good dictionary, they to produce temperature as low as minus 443 Fahrenheit. They test materials in this extreme

would have made another startling cold and see how they perform. Out of such testing have already come special grades of USS

discovery, namely that an angel is steels that retain much of their strength and toughness at -50 or below; steels like USS "T-1"

"1. A ministering spirit or divine Constructional Alloy Steel, TriTen High Strength Steel, and our new 9% Nickel Steel for Cryomessenger.... 2. Any messenger genics applications. And the heat exchanger to produce the—443 Fahrenheit is Stainless Steel!

of God, as a prophet, or preacher.—... 3. A messenger generally...."No other material could do the job as well. Look around. You'll see steel in a lot of places

(Oxford Dictionary.) The word getting ready for the future. USS, "T-1"

angel in English has "acquired a and TRITEN are registered trademarks special meaning, particularly in the UgS) United States Steel singular, as the designation of a supernatural bearer of a divine revelation. The transition was then

easy to the sense of a generic name for the beings of the heavenly SOLVE YOUR GIFT PROBLEMS world...."8i That is to say, ami with

heavenly being is properly an angel. A Present Appreciated The YearRoundMessrs. Schaff and Herzog spare us

the trouble of a long excursion into THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Patrologia by admitting, though is reluctantly, that it was "assumed by An Ideal Gift For:

the the Greek Fathers, older LutherWeddings,, Birthdays, Servicemen, Missionaries, Friends, andan dogmaticians, Hengstenberg"and that Jesus Christ, the Logos, was an New Members angel, and that in the Bible "the A lovely gift card will be sent in your name.

distinction between the angel and Send Only $3.00 For 12 Big Issues To:

Yahweh does not hinder from making 50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah

nvKMBEB 1961 867 the angel speak as Yahweh or... that man who cannot know

from speaking of the angel as things without telling any other livYahweh,"that is to say, Jehovah ing being upon the earth, who canhimself in his capacity of a mesnot keep his secrets and those that senger to men is an angel, just as, God reveals to him, never can rein the same capacity but in an evil ceive the voice of his Lord....

sense, "Satan... is reckoned among Should you receive a vision of revethe angels."84 Even Elohim, when lation from the Almighty... you

he visits the earth, has been called should shut it up and seal it as an angel. 85 Not to labor the point, close, and lock it as tight as heaven

it is perfectly correct usage to refer is to you, and make it as secret as to any heavenly visitor as an angel. the grave. The Lord has no confiSo when Joseph Smith, reviewing dence in those who reveal secrets,

the past in "a brief relation"to a for he cannot safely reveal Himself stranger, passes over the first vision to such persons.... If a person

as his "first visitation of angels"he is understands God... and the Lord

HONEY BEAR SERVER being both correct and evasive. Rereveals anything to that individual

filled with Miller's Honey member that this was some years no matter what, unless he gives perand matching before he was finally "induced"to

HONEY BEAR COIN BANK come out with a public statement first vision; the but all the Both for...*1SO about FOR KATHY is story there. time the

A pair of amusing honey bears for your Since these articles began to apBY ELEANOR ALLETTA CHAFFEE honeyserving saving pleasure! and your

One's a handy, plastic squeeze bottle pear in the Era, the writer has been with dripless dispenser top, filled with drenched by a steady drizzle of Why aren't you asleep?

12 oz. Miller's fancy, Grade A quality, letters from people who seem to You've had your warm milk,

pure clover honey. other, without The

attractive honey, is an coin bank with a make an avocation of searching for Your story of castles, slotted top. anything that might be interpreted The princess in silk.

You'll enjoy Miller's delicious pure as an inconsistency in the record. Your toes have been coimted,

honey more than ever served in the cute, There is something comical in these Your songs have been sung;

convenient Honey Bear squeeze bottle. laborious attempts to prove a negaAcross snowy sheets

is Miller's goodtasting so honey and so tive and override living revelation Your blanket is flung.

.. you.... yet energyrich nongood for

fattening. Ideal for dieters to keep enby exploiting—while ignoring—the Why aren't you asleep?

ergy up and weight down! first principle of textual criticism. Because like small birds

An attractive gift item, too! That principle (only too well known I wanted again

to the conscientious genealogist) is, Your wonderful words....

regular $1.50 Get 500! SAVE of length record that any written no

Server Bear Coin Honey and Bank errors. of serious reader is free "The for label only by enclosing $1.00

from jar of Miller's Honey, top from of a written document,"the greatest

Miller's CreamyClover Honey or living authority on documents has mission to disclose it, it is locked up thereof. facsimile

said, "never perceives more than a in eternal silence."(JD, 4:287f.)

STORE, THE STORE YOU WHEN of reality."BEST! shadow Joseph and impulsive The youthful

Miller's... the perfect Honey Get this lax in was sometimes The sources of LDS church hisSmith for program. storage choice your

Keeps indefinitely. A natural "Surtory, like all human chronicles, regard, and we all know how tervival Food!'bristle with errors; the only way of ribly he suffered for it in the case

told is a he pages. of the 116 to check certitude approximating When

Order direct from: it vision, only of minister the first If another. among them against one

MILLER'S HONEY CO. a hundred fairly consistent reports made trouble. Did he later deThe Honey of Honeys since 7 894 of the first vision story three or four liberately disguise important revelaCOLTON CALIFORNIA differ radically, that is simply to be tions to keep them from the world?

expected; their existence does not The code names occasionally used

discredit the consensus. And where in the Doctrine and Covenants to

such intimate and personal things designate persons and things show WHEAT MILL as unique revelations to individuals that (speaking by revelation) he did.

ONLY are concerned it would be very If William Smith and Oliver Cow- $695 strangeand wideindeeddiscrepanciesif wild didaberrationsnot apderyfirst vision,give confusingwe must accountsrememberof thatthe

POSTPAID pear in the reports. We know the the Prophet knew from the first that ANYWHERE

IN THE policy of the early leaders regarding those men were not to be trusted

NITED STATES information. too The revelations. of much reporting the A with

grinds or Cracks ambition vanity and of Cowdery Young's favorite Brigham theme of corn and wheat,

IIor kindssoft grains,of hard was the tangible, personal nature were rebuked as early as 1829

ORDER Vl lbs. per min. of God, which he never illustrates (D&C 9), and George Albert Smith,

BY MAIL GUARANTEED by any mention of the first vision. Sr. commenting on "the conduct of

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS Why not? He has explained at William Smith in the days of Joseph

length: and afterwards,"describes it as a

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2115 So. 11th East Salt Lake City, Utah

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 6old Ribbon Cook at Arizona State Fair gives you her winning recipe for campaign "to annihilate and destroy principlesthe the which Prophet the earth."Best Crescent Rolls of to the nationstaught

(JD 5:101f. ) Were such men to be "My Crescent Rolls have starred at many a

trusted with a full account of the family dinner and 'covered dish'luncheon,"says first vision before it was officially Mrs. Ralph Pickering of Phoenix. "But even

given to the world? so it was a real surprise when they won the

Constantly beset by the designing gold ribbon for me at the Arizona State Fair.

and overcurious, Joseph Smith was That's the top award in yeast baking you / often obliged to put his questioners know. Of course, Fleischmann's Active Dry

off, just as the Lord himself did. Yeast helped me win. It's so fresh and fast

Whether it was the sly schoolmen rising I can depend on delicious results ever striving to catch him in a conwith Fleischmann's every time."

tradiction or his earnest disciples seeking to know the mysteries, Jesus Best Crescent Rolls Makes 2 dozen would put them off, sometimes with

Ya cup milk in 8 minutes. Place smooth, about flat halfrebuke,a sometimes with sugar cup Va top. grease to turn once greased bowl;answers, often most with but words salt Va teaspoon free let place, in rise from Cover; warm

very Va water cudof warm meaning: hidden has "He who in bulk, about until draft, doubled 1 or Fleischmann's Yeast, package cake let hear,ears reto hear!"a him As in divide down; 1 hour. dough Punch active dry or compressedsult, constantly people were puzzled cir12-inch into piece half. Roll each Planters Va Oil cup Peanut

and offended by what he taught 3 cups sifted flour (about) cle. Cut into 12 pieshaped pieces.

disciples Place edge. wrangled, onthem—his rounded Roll and from up

stir salt; in cool milk; sugar Scald and underneath. sheet, point rioted. greased bakingthe public trouble was, The

to water lukewarm. very Measure warm until in let rise place Cover; warmas out, often points Brigham Young

in Sprinkle large into or crumble bowl. at minutes. Bake 45 doubled, aboutthat Christ of speaking the was stir dissolve. Yeast; to Fleischmann's until 1215 golden minutes 425F.things eternity of to people wholly in Stir Planters mixture, milk lukewarm margarine. melted with Brush brown. thrallin to this things the of world. sifted flour; Oil cups IV2 Peanut and

It was utterly impossible to underbeat until smooth. Stir in remaining

stand the Son without the spirit of flour to make soft dough. Turn onto

revelation from the Father. Once lightly floured board; knead until

one has that spirit, the truth of things / is made clear no matter how deplorANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED able the state of the documents may be; without it, all the "scholarship"

in the world is of no avail to determine what really happened.

FOOTNOTES

76Weekly Visitor, London, 1841, p. 61

(Hist. Off. 089.1 #3391).

A. Clark, 77 J. Gleanings bu the Wai/

(Philadelphia: W. Simon, 1842), pp.

222JF. 7HCit. Missouri Intelligencer b- Boone's

Lick Advertiser, April 13, 1833. (Hist.

Off. 089.1 #10767.)

Jcffersonian Republican, Mo., Aug. 17,

1833, p. 8. VOL.

g0Mo. Intell. & Boone's Lick Adv., Aug.

10, 1833. 81A. Majors, op. cit., p. 50. 6IL8E8T CrUHUS ORME

82A mimeographed sheet circulated by

Mr. & Mrs. Jerald Tanner, 319 No. 5th

West, S.L.C.'

Deseret News, Sat., May 15, 1852,

Vol. II, No. 14.

84SchaffHerzog, Enctfclopedia of ReTHROUGHligious Knowledge, I, 174-6. ARE YOU THE SPEAKER

viii, 85Ps. inter- 5. Most commentators FOR THE MEETING?pret the Elohim of Gen. xxxii, 2830 as

"the angel."organiauxiliary of our Frequently, members HOME STUDY talks in meetings. short to give zations are asked

too, assigned Frequently, are those asked a Pleaie lend a tree HOME STUDY catalog to: to find not sub.ect, they but where know do peace, pusilabhor as we We love

little subject. volThis to their related material

lanimity; price. but not at peace any to thoughts is intended and supply added ume Name.

it is author's that scriptures. But from the hope is aThere peace destructive more of will speaker the presented, abie the material be

the living scriptures is to thoughts find and or more manhood one of man war in his will that assigned Address helpful developing bedestructive his material body. of subject talk. and

Chains are worse than bayonets. City State

—Douglas Jerrold AVAILABLE AT Send to: HOME STUDY

and Eteniion Service!

Young Univettity YOUR FAVORITE BOOKSTORE AdultBrighamProvo, EducationUtah

NOVEMBER 1961 869

Before our eyes at this very hour a modern miracle enjoyed by Adam, received by the patriarchs and is occurring—prophets of old, preached by Peter and Paul and the

A miracle of success, conversion, and achievement apostles and prophets on both continents.

in the missionary work of the Lord's great latterIt is "the gospel of Christ,"and "though we, or an day kingdom; angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you

A miracle of church growth, development, and prothan that which we have preached unto you, let him gression in distant lands and far away places; be accursed."(Gal. 1:7-8.)

A miracle of church construction, of building new How much is this gospel worth?

temples and meetinghouses, of creating new schools It is the "pearl of great price,""the treasure hid in and stakes on both hemispheres and in the islands a field,"which exceeds in worth all of a man's earthly of the sea; possessions. (Matt. 13:4446.) It is the sole source

A miracle that calls tens of thousands of the sons whereby salvation may be won, and "what shall it of Zion from the plow, from halls of learning, from profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and the field of athletic honor, from every temporal purlose his own soul? Or what shall a man give in

suit to go forth in search of the lost sheep of Israel. exchange for his soul?"(Mark 8:3637.)

As priesthood bearers, collectively and individually, Who is to preach the gospel?

are we carrying our full load in this great onrush of President David O. McKay said: "Every member

that kingdom which is destined, eventually, to fill a missionary."

the whole earth? The Lord said: "... it becometh every man

By way of reorientation, it is suggested that the who hath been warned to warn his neighbor."

following and related questions be made the topic of (D&C 88:81.)

discussion in one or more monthly quorum meetings. Have we agreed to respond to these preaching calls?

What is the greatest and most important duty restIn a most solemn manner, by covenant, in the ing upon the Church? waters of baptism, we promised the Lord: "... to

Joseph Smith said: "After all that has been said, stand as witnesses of God at all times and in all

the greatest and most important duty is to preach things, and in all places that"we "may be in, even the gospel."(Joseph Fielding Smith, Teachings of the until death...."(Mosiah 18:9.)

Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 113. Do those holding the priesthood have any special

What gospel do we preach? obligation to respond to calls to preach the gospel?

"The everlasting gospel"(Rev. 14:6-7), the same "... ye elders of my church,... ye shall go forth

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MELCHIZEDEK;.->

PRIESTHOOD

THE

MIRACLE OF THE MILLION MISSIONARIES

in the power of my Spirit, preaching my gospel, two 3. Teach the gospel so that quorum members will

by two, in my name, lifting up your voices as with be prepared for missionary service.

the sound of a trump, declaring my word like unto 4. Encourage all young men to keep the standards

of the Church, to be worthy recipients of missionaryangels of God."(D&C 42:1, 6.)

As a young man of missionary age, shall I go to calls, and actually to go forth in the work.

school, into the armed service, get a job, or go on How shall I prepare for missionary service?

a mission? 1. "Be ye clean that bear the vessels of the Lord."

"... the thing which will be of most worth unto (Ibid., 133:5.)

you will be to declare repentance unto this people, 2. "Treasure up in your minds continually the

that you may bring souls unto me, that you may rest words of life, and it shall be given you in the very with them in the kingdom of my Father."(Ibid., 15:6.) hour that portion that shall be meted to every man."

To aid in the missionary cause, what should I do? (Ibid., 84:85.) "Teach one another the doctrine of

1. Serve as a fulltime missionary, if I can. the kingdom."(Ibid., 88:7781.)

2. Go on a stake mission, if I am needed there. Where do we find the doctrines to be taught?

3. Participate in the fellowshiping program and "The elders, priests and teachers of this church

help tie new converts into the Church and its shall teach the principles of my gospel, which are in programs. the Bible and the Book of Mormon, in the which is the

4. Provide referral names to the stake and fullfulness of the gospel."(Ibid., 42:12.)

time missionaries. By what power is the gospel preached?

5. Open my home for sharethe-gospel cottage meet- "All are to preach the gospel, by the power and

ings and invite my friends to attend them. influence of the Holy Ghost; and no man can preach

6. Tell every person I can about the restored truths. the gospel without the Holy Ghost."( Joseph Fielding

7. Prepare myself by study and right living for Smith, Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p.

future missionary service. 112.) Such is the standing instruction of the Prophet

8. Contribute financially to the support of missionJoseph Smith. "And the Spirit shall be given unto

aries who cannot otherwise respond to calls of service. you by the prayer of faith,"the Lord himself said,

What should my priesthood quorum do to aid in "and if ye receive not the Spirit ye shall not teach."

missionary work? (D&C 42:14.)

1. Supply missionaries, both stake and foreign. Can I convert someone to the Church?

2. Provide money for their support, where needed., With the help of the (Continued on page 882)

NOVEMBER 1961 871 thePKESi

Is this automobile ownership making our young men more responsible citizens? Does this mobility

give them more time for study and research? Does

it teach them thrift by requiring more thorough budgeting practices? How can we evaluate social

entanglements the car creates? Does it have an effect

on a young man's sense of value and attitude? What

effect does this "horsepower age"have on the young man and his goal to be a future missionary?

Of course, not all young people of senior high school age are automobile owners. Many only occasionally drive the family auto. Many others, because

of parental control, do not drive an automobile to school and are limited in its use except for special occasions.

It is a wellestablished fact among insurance companies that the rate of accidents among young drivers is much higher, and some insurance companies maintain that accidents among youth are doubled, compared to that of adult drivers. A significant factor

established by a recent survey is that accidents occur among most of the young drivers, which tend to eliminate the assumption that only a few reckless, irresponsible boys are causing most accidents.

Studentdriver-education courses are doing a royal job in helping the youth acquire skill and knowledge

THE PRIEST AND HIS AUTOMOBILE ofalonedrivingdoes notregulations.protect a youngUnfortunately,man from knowledgethe sundry

"!"'iff hazards encountered while driving. Speed has been

designated as a maimer and killer, yet this knowledge is valueless unless it is used to control our speed.

Most young drivers contend they are as cautious as adult drivers, yet their practices demonstrate that they do not consider speed as an element of carefulness.

Other surveys show a direct relationship between a young man's grades on his report card and the frequent use of the automobile. It is apparent that

One cannot view the automobile parking lot of an many young men with outstanding abilities are sacriaverage American high school and not wonder what ficing good grades for the thrill of the automobile.

effect this volcanic surge of teenage automobiles is Evidences of the automobile influences in exterminathaving upon our young priests in the Aaronic Priesting study habits are so conclusive that a direct parallel hood. Leisurely walking through this parking lot we can be drawn to show that the longer a car is used

observe all shapes, sizes, colors, models, and vintages by the youth the lower his grades. By projecting this

of automobiles—some with custom design while others condition it would seem realistic to say that the more

are unpretentious "stripped down"models. use of automobiles would bring about fewer future

872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

doctors, fewer future lawyers, fewer future engineers, Most parents make certain that their children brush or even fewer college graduates in a time when technitheir teeth, eat the right foods, and receive the proper cal knowledge is essential. amount of rest. They do this because they love them,

Is the early ownership and use of an automobile and because they know what is best for them.

worth sacrificing future goals in life? How can our Shouldn't we love our teenage children sufficiently

young men adequately proclaim the restoration of to exercise proper control over their driving and the gospel of Jesus Christ if their interests are diverted dating habits? Youth want and expect parental confrom study and the developing of their talents and trol and become flustered and insecure when they

powers of persuasion? Teenage use of automobiles are abandoned to their own whims.

forces some young men to accept employment on Our Heavenly Father wants his young men to grow

Sunday, and this employment takes them out of their up filled with wisdom, filled with knowledge, and

Aaronic Priesthood work and out of their spiritual possessing desires to serve him in establishing his development in order to support their automobiles. kingdom. Like the battle that was lost because of

Teenage ownership of automobiles stimulates early the lack of a horseshoe nail, we cannot permit our dating, going steady, and early marriage which youth to lose the battle for education, the battle of muddles life's goals, prevents missionary service, and developing skills in a trade, the battle of helping to demands young people to accept domestic responsiestablish his kingdom as a missionary, the battle of bilities prematurely. Some young men are restricted participating in temple marriage at the proper time,

from driving automobiles during their missionary and the battle of winning the war of success, happiservice because of undesirable driving habits acquired ness, and eternal life all because of an automobile before entering the mission field which resulted too soon and unrestricted. Parents should wisely

in citations. regulate the use of the automobile.

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

THE PURPOSE OF CHRISTMAS The approach of the Christmas season brings an What can we do to practice as well as understand increase in activities and demands upon our time and the paramount purpose of Christmas? What can we

energy. This surge of activity is felt not only by the do to make Christmas less commercial? Can one exbusinessman, who is busily preparing and displaying press true appreciation for the birth of Jesus Christ

added quantities of merchandise, but also by the in a material way as well as spiritual? Does our pracchildren in the family who are almost swept away tice of giving gifts convey a spiritual significance?

by the hurryscurry that seems to possess us during To answer these questions perhaps we should relate this season of glad tidings. the comments of a mother to her son and daughter

Many things must be accomplished in preparation that all of us might realize the purpose for which we for the ritual of opening our presents around the celebrate this day.

Christmas tree. There are cakes and cookies to be This mother recently told her son and daughter,

baked, candy to be made, endless shopping trips, "The most desirable Christmas gift you can ever give packages to be mailed, the selection of the Christmas to me is not that of a fur coat or, for that matter, any tree whose ornamentation must be done with masterexpression with a commercial gift. Each Christmas as

parties to also attend—parties are skill. There offid

I look at you and can see the evidence of clean living civic parties, parties, sizes, colors—club all shapes, and and a life dedicated to keeping our Fathers comcompany parties, church parties, family parties, and mandments, the gratitude that I have in my heart far

neighborhood parties. A day must be sandwiched exceeds the riches of the world. J want you to always

for the housecleaning chores and for the selecting, remember what King Benjamin told his people, '...

addressing, and mailing of greeting cards. that ye may learn that when you are in the service

Admittedly the strain of these details distract and of your fellow beings ye are only in the service ofsometimes build a smoke screen over our consciousyour God.'"( Mosiah 2: 17.

ness of the primary purpose of Christmas—the birth

of Jesus Christ. Our Christmas customs have evolved Allow time to read and study the events leading up

by our extracting items from many times and periods to the nativity of Jesus Christ. We must not permit

in history. They descend to us from seasonal celethe flood of social demands to strangle the simplicity

brations, paganistic rituals, religious and national and significance of the birth of our Lord and Savior, practices, garnished with tradition and legend. for this is the purpose of Christmas.

NOVEMBER 1961 873 is a waiting month

Waiting for its fresh new white

TODAY'S FAMILY apparel *e? Waiting for all FLORENCE 8. P1NNOCK

EDITOR its abundance to be tucked

away in a safe place for the needs to come &g Waiting,

for the rush of cold weather

activity e? Waiting for the

heart to leap to December's warmth of giving &g Wait'

ing for people to catch the Spirit of &g Peace on earth,

goodwill toward men <e?

Richly stilled, tranquil November is waiting with bated

breath for all men to love one another. C%> * >

874 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This in between, glorious month has many facets. It can be cold and

bleak, fields barren and hard and grayly level, gardens a mass of flow* erless stocks and leafless twigs—

abandoned. But it has memories of

run- a flamboyant October—color

ning riotous over the mountains and down into the valleys. November's color is tired, zestless, weary

until a crisp bright day appears, then the sky is the bluest, the air the clearest, the evergreens the greenest and life appears at its vibrant best. Deep breathing and

brisk walks are the order of the day. At the end of these wanderings

can come the most wonderful time fire in the grate, of all—a blazing

a deep comfortable chair with a footstool just the right height, a bowl of apples, favorite music playing softly, a book waiting to be devoured and a depth of quietness not to be disturbed until sleep cannot be held back. November,

subtle, indifferent, brave, with its many disguises, is a priceless dividend. C%? <*e?

NOVEMBER 1961 875 There are many things best done gether, and add to the cake batter.

in November, lists for Christmas Mix thoroughly, then fold in the egg cards all checked and freshly typed whites, beaten stiff. Bake in one

ready for the names to be written large pan 13 x 9 x 4 inches. Line

on the envelopes, decisions made as the pan with 3 layers of greased gifts to to at paper. degrees to loved 275 what be given heavy Bake How to

to for ones, surprise plans hours. the F. for 3 packages bake Or you may

be delivered to those in need, cake in a number of separate loaf shopping to be done when clerks in tins. This amount will make a tenstores are fresh and interested, a pound cake. The advantage of cookSave 20% joyous Thanksgiving to prepare, and ing it in one large pan and cutting

goodies to be made and stored careit into loaves after baking is that fully in the freezer or sent on their there will be less crust, and the way to friends to be mailed long flavor is improved. Cool in the pan

distances. Christmas cakes head the then remove the paper from the on list. cake. Store carefully.

The making of cakes for the holiWhen you make such a rich cake, day season is an old popular tradiit is always good to make a poor tion. Many, many years ago, as far man's cake for the children to enChurch back as we can read, fruits were joy during the holidays. Lillian

gathered and dried and saved to Schwendiman, wife of the president mix with eggs, sugar, spices, and of the New Zealand South Mission, flour, and baked as a special treat makes a delicious fruit cake for just at Christmas time. Fruit cake this purpose. Books recipes have been treasured and

handed down in families for generaPoor Man's Fruit Cake tions to be used at this holiday! season. I would like to give you the Cook 15 minutes 1 cup seedless

five best fruit cake recipes I have raisins, 3 cups water, 2 cups sugar, been able to collect. and Vz cup shortening. Add 1 packFirst, a rich, dark, heavilyfruited age of currants. Cool to lukewarm.

cake, perfect for a wedding cake or a very special Christmas cake. 4 cups sifted flour

1 teaspoon salt Rich, Dark Fruit Cake 2 teaspoons cinnamon 2 teaspoons nutmeg 1 pound of butter or margarine 2 tablespoons cocoa 2 cups sugar IV2 teaspoons soda 12 eggs 1 teaspoon boiling water

Free catalogue IV2 teaspoons soda 2 eggs, beaten 2 teaspoons nutmeg 1 cup broken walnuts sent on request. 2 teaspoons cinnamon

4% cups unsifted flour Beat the eggs well, add the soda molasses Clip cup and mail % that has dissolved in the been Vh puffed seeded raisins packages 2 boiling teaspoons in the water. Fold coupon currants now 1 package sifted ingredients alternately dry

the with cooked fruit and liquid. while you're 1 poundsmall dates,pieces pitted and cut in the walnuts. Fold in

thinking V21 poundpound blanchedwalnuts almonds Line the pans with wax paper and well. in a 300 grease them Bake pecans poundabout itl Vz for an hour about F. oven 1 candied pineapple degree pound

2 cups maraschino cherries and a half. Place pan of water on

or send name and address to: lower shelf of oven while baking the

Cream the butter or margarine cake. This amount will make 2

and the sugar. Add the egg yolks, regular sized loaf pans and one small

well beaten, and then the juice from one.

BOOKS 11-3 the cherries. Add the soda to the Of the many fine men cooks that

P.O. Box 400

Salt City 10, Utah molasses and beat until thick and I know, Fred E. Curtis makes the Lake

fruit white ever cake first I have mixture. to the add best Then

Please send free catalogue of Church books. add

eaten. while the he years sifted together. During spices the flour course. obligation, of and No

Clean and wash the currants and has been a Scout executive, bishop,

NAME separate the raisins, blanch and a member of a high council, and split the almonds; cut the cherries held many other important church

ADDRESS and pineapple into pieces and add positions, he has always found time the dates and mix all the fruit toto make this delicious cake. He was

CITY STATE.

876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA most generous in giving us the recipe.

Fred's White Fruit Cake

IV2 cups butter or margarine 2 cups sugar 8 '< 4 cups flour 1 teaspoon cream of tartar ix months ago, a sales excan be supplemented with other

Vz teaspoon soda ecutive with an aggressive foods, such as eggs or meats but the

Vz cup sweet milk firm in the Northwest sudbasic breakfast provides the nutri12 egg whites, beaten stiff denly quit his job. The reason? He tion that modern workers, office as

2 pounds white raisins had been bypassed for a VicePres- well as factory workers, need. The

% pound candied pineapple (sliced idency even though he knew he was same is true for students. The exthin) qualified for the position. He never perts also point out that omission of

Va pound candied lemon peel (cut knew why he was bypassed. His breakfast is no advantage in weight

in small pieces), employer might have termed it reduction. In fact, skipping breakVa pound candied cherries (leave "Breakfast Starvation."fast is a detriment to successful

whole) FarFetched? Not at all. Studies healthful weight control.

V4 pound candied orange peel (cut show clearly how "Breakfast StarThese facts are important: when

in small pieces) vation"can take a heavy toll on you eat an adequate breakfast, you

Vz pound candied citron peel (cut your chances for a happier life. can turn out more work during the

in small pieces) When breakfast is skipped or morningyour reactionshours, andyou doare notquickertire asin 2% cups blanched almonds skimped, work output is less, mental easily. Doesn't a basic breakfast,

slower reactions and slower become 1 coconut shredded cup fit family's then, needs? your The

.. increases. fatigue muscular and Mills Co., makers Flouring Fisher raisins overnight the dry and Soak in his to rise a determined.For man instant of cooking the whole Zoom, fruit other withthoroughly. Mix this can letdown work, be morning it for cereal, easy have Wheat made the the with butter nuts.and Cream that serious handicap. theory a The meal. allimportant to that serve you light. Sift the flour until verysugar the the necesadds snack""morning If snacks, for time you have you tartar times. three of creamand is stimulant misleadsary morning It infor time cooks have Zoom. mixture to sugar butter the andAdd is ing. eaten, breakfast the When stantly. for as flavor, watch And to the milkalternately with which stimulant nothadds snack morning light the of family your eyes up in the the soda. Foldhas been added It falls alacrity. far ing to mental taste a regular they Be when Zoom. lightly.fruit the beaten egg Fold benefits the of short the gained from family through and zoooom Zoom tins in last. loaf fourwhites Prepare is basic breakfast. basic the What day. your lining with greasing well andby is this breakfast, that perhaps meal

triple the Fisher's bonus Zoom, at paper. 275greased Bake wax biggest contribution to your your

its preparation, of cereal speed with until F. 2 for or hoursdegrees about success? husband's flavor delicious and whole wheat tested. frombaked when Remove

pans, remove wax paper, and cool. Because hearty breakfasts are no allmorning satisfaction, belongs in

Paint with fruit juice. (Be careful longer needed generally, nutrition your family's basic breakfast. Your

not to use too much and soak.) Wrap authorities have formulated a basic first Zoom purchase may prove a

in wax paper and then in foil. Fred breakfast pattern consisting of fruit, new spur to your husband s progsays he stores his cakes in a stone cereal, milk, bread and butter. This ress.

crock to which he adds a cut apple.

Then occasionally he unwraps the For free reprints of this advertisement write Dept. of Education,

cakes and repaints with juice and Fisher Flouring Mills Company, Box 3784, Seattle 24, Washington.

wraps them again. Keep them in a Copyright 1961, Fisher Flouring Mills Company.

cool place.

Between a busy Christmas and New Year it is easy to run out of fruit cakes baked in November, and this no bake fruit cake can be easily.* 59made to fill this void. SHARE THE GOSPEL

No Bake Fruit Cake with Melt 1 pound of marshmallows in Friends and Relatives By Giving 3A cup scalded milk then add: The Christmas Gift that LASTS ALL YEAR—

1 nuts pound THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 candied fruit pound of 1 pound of dates cut into pieces 1 pint bottle of maraschino cherries A Christmas GiftCard will be sent in Your Name!

1 pound graham cracker crumbs (Continued on page 881) Send $3.00 for 12 issues To:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

NOVEMBER 1961 877 The Improvement Era DIRECT

PERFECTED TONSORIAL FLATTOP COMB that CHRISTMAS FOLDERS. Gay colorful designs AWARD WINNING CHESS SET. This set is on

appropriate and sentiments. color your Send 7"to deep. Light,measures easy 6"wide by display at the permanent Chicago of Museum prints or black white in these snaps and beauin flat toolhandle, flattops seconds. A must Industry. rare design and by world- A tiful in folders. designs horiScience Four available

for perfect cut. Comes in black, brown, green, zontal or vertical stylings. famous sculptor Peter Ganine. Molded in ivory

Extra includedyellow. use showing FREE brochure black, highly polished, heavily for and weighted

Personal pictures.in 14 close as of Gets as felted gift an 1/32 and packaged. handsomely and Black Print Color and White Name

if desired.inch (DistriGuaranteed. $1.98 ppd. The popular set king size 25 ZVi"shown is a $2.50 6.00 $ $1.25

butors wanted.) FRED A. RURUP, 1830 Skyline 50 4.50 11.00 1.75 gift that will be treasured a lifetime. Only $7.95

8.00 20.00Dr., Lemon Grove, Calif. 100 Satisfaction or guaranteed back. money PHOTO2.75 CARO,ppd. SatisfactionBox 431, Encino,positivelyCalifornia.guaranteed. LILLY MAIL, Box Station, Square 216 ER, Madison

New York 10, New York.

MUn* KNOW YOUR ASSETS - Ideal Gift. Keep comIMPORTED HANDMADE BORREGOS of natural POST CARD DUPLICATOR AND ADDRESSER.

plete records. 8V2"xll"forms professionally wool in sporty bulk pullover and cardigan Does both jobs; costs less than a pack of post

designed to show essential information with styles for men and women from Mexico. No two cards. Just the thing for sending notices to

minimum effort. Furnished in flexible blue sweaters alike—beautiful native designs in church, c!ub or business contacts. Prints one or

vinyl ring binder with owner's name stamped natural color combinations... gray, white, several colors simultaneously. Uses no messy

in gold FREE. Handy for frequent reference and beige, brown. Comfortable and high roll collar ink. Six months of supplies included in kit.

invaluable for compiling taxes and administerideal for winter wear. Perfect gift. Indicate No other equipment needed. Fully guaranteed.

ing estates. $7.50 (plus 75c postage and Men's or Ladies', light or dark background, Send name and address with $5.00 (includes

handling). Returnable within ten days for full S, M, L, $25. (plus $1 shipping.) GENTRY postage and tax) to DUPLICARD, P.O. Box 11,

credit. Imprinted items are not returnable HOUSE, 10323 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles Salt Lake City 10, Utah.

FINANCIAL RECORDS CO., 21025 Easton Rd., 25, Calif.

C'eveland 26, Ohio.

JgSf:

A PERFECT PERSONALIZED GIFT - Personal LiHAND PAINTED PICTURES ON SILK from the cense Plates—both your names, two of same 2 NEW CHRISTMAS ALBUMS, the Evans QuarOrient. $3.50 each ppd. dropshipped to you name only $1.00; maximum 10 letters per [ine. tet (1960 International winners), singing

from Japan. Add distinction to your home Thrill your youngsters with this exciting gift. Christmas carols barbershop style, a unique

with these beautiful pictures. Or, for gifts Name embossed on sturdy metal plate, 3"x6", treatment of your favorite carols, and the new

that are sure to please. Beach scene is in red letters on white background. 1001 uses. Book of Mormon Oratorio. Order several of

subdued black tones. Bird picture in pastel To use on bikes, wagons, boats, cars, school both albums for holiday gifts. Evans Quartet,

co'ors. Size 13V2"x 16V2"unframed. SPECIAL lockers, parking spaces, school names. Please 3.98; stereo, 4.98. Oratorio, 4.98; stereo, 5.98.

OFFER: Send $1.00 for imported gift - TOTEM print name clearly. Mail to CARL HARDY CO., 2CMI RECORD CENTRE, 47 So. Main, Salt Lake

BAY TRADERS, Box 826, Ketchikan, Alaska. P. O. Box 285, Springdale, Utah. City 10, Utah. 14c postage each.

... the merchandise shown on these pages

can be ordered direct from the companies listed. Enclose check or money order.SHOPPER

||H||

cause can You NOSE! HAIR FROM PULL DON'T I. R. STOLE! INTO NEW OLD COAT YOUR 3 $1. LABELS Any ADDRESS1000 AND NAME pulling nose. hair infection your from by fur old, restyles specialist, your worn Fox, fur adandDifferent ppd. Orders Your $2 name better are scissors dangerous. way Ordinary No stole. or cape into coat a glamorous new labels. finest printeddress 1000 on gummed with than ears hair nose to and from remove $22.95* lining, interlining, monogram, New useful inConveniently FREE Packed padded.

Just simple! safe Klipette. and So Hollis the coat, fur old Just complete. your up wrap stationery,plastic Useful "Gift on Box."

gently. easily, out hair surplus comes turn and, size, it dress to your Send mail now. us etc. records, cards, books, greetingchecks,

ppd. steel. surgical $1.00 fine Money of Made postcard. $22.95 height Pay postman on and 3 OrDifferent AnySPECIALSAVE MONEY!

if HOLLIS delighted. COMPANY, not back write arrives. plus Or cape postage when new of Gift. year Idealders best $2. Agree buy

10, York 1133 Broadway, Dept. New K-23, I. 29th R. style for 146 free W. book. FOX, full. in LABELS,or refunded money HANDY

1170 Jasperson Bldg., Culver City, Calif. St., Dept. D-95, N. Y. 1. N. Y.

WKHVV \ / FREE

"paintNew, MURAL! WALL PAINT YOUR OWN Pussyfooters AROUND. $2.98.PUSSYFOOTING TREE. Made of transCHRISTMAS GLOWING

needed. artistic talent method! bynumbers"Noare cattalk for California's onthe-prowl balls, gaily decorated with playluscent parchment

shoes. Custommade of kitten soft suede leather tinsel, Santa Clauses, carolers, etc., in warm Paint a lovely 5 to 14 ft. wide mural directly

for barefoot comfort. Saddlestitched onto red and green colors. Easily assembled. 36"on your wall! Takes only 3 to 5 hours. Artists

flexible cowhide soles... ankletied with high. Just scotch tape center seam and place charge up to $350; wallpaper scenics cost $100

cat's whisker bow. Sizes 4 to 10 in 4 fashionordinary lamp inside with shade removed. A or more. Our complete kits, $12.95 up! Modern

purrfeet colors—Siamese Tan, Tomcat Black, shaft of light reaches through the top and provincial, oriental, designs. Send for FREE

Angora White, Persian Red. $2.98 pair postshines on silver flitter star at top. Silver flitter Color Catalog. "How to"details (end. 10c

paid. CALLEATHER CO., DEPT. ERPF-11, 963 and instr. inel. $1.49. Money back guarantee. for post., hdlg.). MURAL ARTS, Dept. E125,

Harrison St., San Francisco 7, Calif. LAWFORD'S 2978 Wilshire Blvd., Los Angeles E125B, 1038 S. La Brea, Los Angeles 19, Calif.

5, Calif.

Mi

and EVERY OCCASION TROPHIES FOR solid CUSTOM with walnut Genuine TRAY—SERVING COVENANTS. NOW!RECORDED DOCTRINE AND exclusive degifts executive by and awards water base. Very cut crotch frame, matched Doc. Cov.l 17 recorded onlyThe complete &

to available Wards, manufacturers and practical to signers beautiful, finish. item resistant A section inc'i discs! Easyfindlong 12 play

individuals. Complete organizations, or Stakes, Price $4.95 to Size or give x own. I?Vi". 12V2"cover! Unusual album index!breaks! Complete

order with creations pictured line of custom guaranteed. Satisfaction plus postage. 50c postvoice! Shipped inspiringRemarkable and

size booklet in FREE large price and number 1474, INC., P. O. Box PRODUCTS, NATIONAL for RESEARCH $34.95. paid only COLUMBIA

or of one writing. Orders of your by own Kentucky. Louisville 4, City Salt 4, Street, Lake 3600 Market GROUP,

service to Direct acceptable. equally quantity

Utah.

ExWest INC., 5017 CO., TROPHY CUSTOM

position Blvd., Dept. E., Los Angeles 16, Calif.

The Improvement Erasm DIRECT SHOPPER the merchandise shown on these pages can be ordered direct from the companies listed. Enclose check or money order.

"WASHABLE TERRY BATH SLIPPER."This terry CRG's NEWEST BOOK OF MORMON - "The GIVE HUMOROUS EXCHANGE CARDS. Fun to

slipper can be worn after bath or shower. Compact Edition: NOW, within the reach of give. Fun to receive. Fun to exchange these 23

They may also be worn in the bath or shower everyone! This great scripture recorded comcolorful cartoon cards picturing the changing

to prevent slipping. Ideal gift for any girl plete and unabridged on 50 unbreakable gold moods of girls and women. Also humorous

or housewife. They are guaranteed to be fast vinyl records. I6V3 rpm.* For family nights! Girls'Class Membership card included. Surcolor and washable. 100% Cotton Fabric—One Firesides! Cottage Meetings! Priesthood study! prise your friends, please your relatives, and

size fits all from ages 10 to 80. Send check An ideal Christmas gift! Only $39.95! COLUMsee the mail that results. An inexpensive gift

or money order for S2.00. (Postage Prepaid). BIA RESEARCH GROUP, 3600 Market Street, at Christmas time. $1.00 ppd. JEFFRY LYONS,

CUSTOM ACCESSORIES, INC., 45 Lispenard St., Salt Lake City 4, Utah. Dept. E., 2617 S. Broadway, Los Angeles 7,

i New York City, New York. *De!uxe 33V3 Gold Plate Edition $69.90. Calif.

"OUR FAMILY HISTORY."Ideal Gift for every SILHOUETTE THANK YOU NOTES. Not obNEW PARCHMENT WINDOW CHRISTMAS DECperson, young or old. Belongs in every home. tainable in any store. Brand new for we deORATION. The Three Wise Men in beautiful silEasy to keep now—opens flat—permanent signed them. FULL NAME PRINTED IN BLACK houette. Gives your window a warm, cheery

record will be priceless later. Beautiful 48page on background of pink for ladies and girls, Christmas feeling. The house lights or colored

book for records of four generations of ancesblue for men and boys in center of diecut tree lights behind it glow through the parchtors, descendants; pages for marriages, births, silhouette. Personalized thank you notes make ment making a beautiful scene visible for 50

deaths, church and military service, school and excellent gifts. 24 Notes. 24 Envelopes—size feet or more. 17"x 30". Fits any window.

vital information. Colorful illustrations. Durable 63x7". Regular $1.50. Offer to ERA readers Easily applied. Instr. included. Only $1.00.

red cover, gold design, 8V2 x 11, FREE Gift $1.29. JASPERSON, 1170 Jasperson Bldg., CulMoney back guarantee. LAWFORD'S, 2978 WilBox, $2.95 postpaid. SHANNON PUBLISHING ver City, Calif. shire Blvd., Los Angeles 5, Calif.

CO., 300 Dwight Bldg., E., Kansas City 5, Mo.

SCANDINAVIAN CHRISTMAS PANELS for your OUR TEMPLE WEDDING BOOK. A truly disGENUINE DEERSKIN GLOVES of finest quality

front door. A most unusual conversation piece tinctive book bound in padded, white simuand unexcelled taste for both men and ladies.

—and still time for Christmas. Created and lated leather, stamped in silver. Music Make a distinctive gift for yourself and friends.

beautifully done in oil pastels by Jeska, the box plays Lohengrin's Wedding March, 44 Warm, soft, and may be washed to retain their

Swedish Craftsman. They measure 46"x 12". pages, to record all the important events of mellow beauty. To assure proper fit, measure

Please specify children, adult, angel, troll, or the engagement and wedding. ll%xll'/2 inches. distance around center of palm. Colors: natural,

Santa Clause figures. Fabric colors are beige Available stamped with Salt Lake, Logan, Idaho saddle tan, chocolate brown, gray.

green, or red. Price $7.95 ppd. THE SCANDIFal's, or Los Angeles Temles. Only $13.50 MensNo. R604-$4.95-P. P. and Tax

NAVIAN, Fifth Avenue, Scottsdale, Arizona. plus 35c postage. Utah residents add 3% LadiesNo. R700-$4.95Prepaid

sales tax. BRIDAL ARTS, 38 South Main, Salt DEERSKIN TRADING POST, 1865 So. State St.,

Lake City, Utah. Salt Lake City 15, Utah.

The Improvement Era

together well all ingredients Mix tins in small loaf packand lined DIRECT SHOPPER $P with wax paper. Cover with foil... the merchandise shown on these pages

and let ripen in the refrigerator. can be ordered direct from the companies

Slice thin after being well chilled. listed. Enclose check or money order.

For young children a good applesauce cake is a favorite fruit cake.

This one has good keeping qualities, that is, if you have a safe hiding *v2Sk"** *****?*

place.

Applesauce Cake

Cream 1 cup brown sugar ( tightly packed) and Vi cup shortening. Mix

2 teaspoons soda with IV2 cups of sweetened applesauce. Sift 2V2

cups flour, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, V2 NEW, EASY GUITAR COURSE ON RECORDS.

teaspoon cloves, and V2 teaspoon "I will teach you to ploy the guitar at

Really removes or a for in LIKE public a hobby MAGNET, DUST A or perform HOLDS parties sifted ingredients andnutmeg. Add it place just one of pushing from dust instead or 4 if to learn 3 can't p!ay you And

Ideal methods. like oldfashioned to another to the career. mixturethe applesauce I'll penny!"every refund in weeks, a few tunes

of every speck Cleans or business home. for (12", records big LP get: TEN you Here's what as shortening you sugar and....creamed glass furniture fine dust from with charts sides) and plus books 2 RPM, 33V3

...... sills office machines ceramic window cake. in flour any milk andwould positions chord 1846 actual photos PLUS 1,000......... metal finished formica desks

$34.95 course. songs. Complete. accompanying... nuts. raisins, 1... Bake 1 cup walls woodwork porcelain cupAdd

LEIS literature. SI.. for free for ppd. Write GENE.3 ppd. automobiles. even waxed at 325 hours for 2 tinsin loaf about Dr., Murray, Hillsid Boulevard, e Beach 5537 DUSTER, INC., 320 Manhattan STUDIO.DANDY

degrees F. This cake is good frosted Manhattan Beach 2, California. Order today! Utah.

with the following icing if it is to be eaten immediately.

Icing

Put in top of double boiler and beat with rotary beater over hot water: 1 cup brown sugar—packed well

pinch of salt 1 egg white 3 tablespoons water EYEGLASS NOSE PADS-6 pr. SI. New Cushionreleased. complete Just U.S.A. A

you on sized how pocket manual condensed atnuclear after a survive during and Cook 3 or 4 minutes until thick weightRest Noseof eyeglassespads relieveand pressurehearing aids?ots,frames.ease couldSURVIVAL,

slipping down. constantly glasses of from 100 peoout 97 Keep figures tack. show Recent in peaks. will stand Add upand

knowledge. proper with ple saved could be backwith adhesive fleshcolored foam Allnew cake. frostvanilla. and Cool of knowing importance the This stresses book yet glasses all of types put ing. Stays—on water advises you protection, on to seek where the delicacy house an For open to apply. desired. easily Easy off peels when precautions fallout and problems, food and

do. learn, Imand fruit remember, mustrich baked cake you in be place. 6 what press off may in Just and backing peel

in America. car for every perative and home 404 Dept. P-54, CO., pair $1 ppd. sheet. COLUMBIA cookie cupssmall a paper on pre- $1.00 today! survival Order books your

Blvd., PasaBldg., Colorado Security 234 E. St., Live Huntington 2444 paid. DRESNER, Oak for F. degrees at 200 themBake

Calif. Park, Calif. dena, fruit tiny Theseabout 40 minutes.

cakes may also be made quickly from packaged fruit cake mix. Glaze

the top and decorate with a daisy of almonds.

All fruit cakes seem to take on added glamor with a glaze and decorations on top.

Fruit glaze

**L V2 cup unsweetened pineapple juice light corn syrup 1 cup of genMoccasins. be the Made would BABY Who A WILL? MOK—precut MADE HAVE YOU salt ofdash propunched. leather. If Precut—leave a uine washable of you don't executor your estate?

will the courts must take over and decide for Makes delightful and practical Christmas gifts.

Combine the ingredients and you. Your home, property, bank account, perAssemble in 20 minutes or less. Make up a

Pink, for Bazaar. or your dozen a gross Ward could not) or (jointly sonal owned belongings tobring quicky the boil. Bemove

$50.00 pair, dozen, white. blue 50c $5.00 and wishes for months. court tied Your up in be brush immediatelyfrom heat and East 2nd gross. CO., 164 a LEATHER left TANDY without. family your misinterpreted and

over cooled fruit cakes with a pastry Protect your loved ones! Will kit complete South, Salt Lake City, Utah.

brush. Cinnamon may be added for with easy planning guide. Legal all states.

Only $1.00 Mr. and Mrs. set of 2. $1.75. DRESNER, 2444 Live Oak St., Huntington Park, Calif.

NOVEMBER 1961 881 added flavor. Next decorate the cake Melchizedek Priesthood

with candied fruit and blanched almonds and other nuts. When they ( Continued from page 871 ).

are set, brush another coat of the glaze over all. Reheat glaze to boilLord, yes. Converts, baptisms, new

ing each time used. Never wrap the members of the kingdom are, availcakes until the glaze is thoroughly able on almost every hand. "Ye

dried. shall go forth baptizing with water,

saying: Repent ye, repent ye, for the

CHRISTMAS CAKE kingdom of heaven is at hand."

SUGGESTIONS (Ibid., 42:7.)

After baptism, what?

Don't dry out fruit cake by over For the new convert, it is then a baking. matter of learning more of the truth

LETTERPRESS Remember# #most# fruit* cakes are standardsand of livingof thein Church.harmony Forwiththosethe

worth their weight in gold so folalready in the Church, it is a matter low directions carefully. of fellowshiping the new member,

$ # # # of providing immediate opportunity PRESERVING

YOUR PRIDE IN Don't skimp on ingredients—if you for church service so that all new

CRAFTSMANSHIP want to save, just make smaller converts may become stable and of the kingdom. members Perfect recipes. # * * * sound photoengraving to the faithreward comes What

plates time after Cool fruit cake in pan, and be fid missionary? can be achieved time

only with craftsmen sure it is cold before wrapping. "Lo, he that thrusteth in his sickle

# * * entire time whose and his might, the with up same layeth skills are to devoted foil in Store fruit or in aircake in store perisheth that not, but he letterpress plates.

tight containers. Keep in cool place. bringeth salvation to his soul."

# # * ( Ibid., 4:4. ) "Ye shall be laden with

ENGRAVING CO. Fruit cakes improve on storing; manv sheaves, and crowned with

1242 SANTEE ST. LOS ANGELES 15 RICHMOND 9-2396 flavors blend and become more honor, and glory, and immortality,

delicious. and eternal life."(Ibid., 75:5.)

# # # * * What, then, is the conclusion of

If fruit cakes are wrapped in cloth the whole matter?

dipped in fruit juice, be sure the Manifestly, every member of the is and should be a mission-.. COMING SOON.. cakes are kept cool so mold does not Church

The December issue form. # # # * * ary—morearies! Everythanmembera millionshouldmissiontake

of tell every proper to opportunity fruit Chill slicing, cake before and others the of the message about The Improvement slices Era! the will thin perfect. be and restoration, to refer the to names * * issue This will contain official missionaries, to the support

Christmas stories and poems Any of these cakes may be baked cause financially, to participate in plus as cookies, if a little more flour is the sharethe-gospel program, to aid added. in fellowshiping new converts. In # * * * * October such a course there will be peace

this life full exand a in General Conference withTrythinservingsliceshotofwassailfruit cake.and cheese andpectancyjoy forof eternal reward the life

Talks * # ft * to come.

An Issue To Be Kept and sprinkledFruit cakeover icecrumbscream. are good the"Therefore,service of God,O ye seethatthatembarkye servein

Referred To! # # * * * him with all your heart, might, mind

A Valuable One Freshcolored gumdrops may be and strength, that ye may stand blameless before God at the last cut thin the of the place and take For (Ibid., day."4:2.) fruit in fruit candied cookies. cake

Servicemen # * # Missionaries For New Year's Eve garnish a

Friends large silver platter of fruit cake with Rivers of Babylon

New Members real sprays of holly.

(Continued from page 815) Get the real spirit of of returning. foolish of me to How Christmas In compelling man to eat that he in advance. have paid him

may live, nature gives an appetite to Finally, to my great relief, I saw By Reading invite him, and pleasure to reward a boat approaching. But it was

The him.—BrillantSavarin not my boatman. What was my

December Improvement Era

882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA astonishment to see Mr. Simon Kinprove or disapprove what you do. home upon Mr. Kincaid's wagon.

oaid stepping from the boat. His But you had appeared to me a They were even more surprised

astonishment was equally as great. man with—."when I told them that I had con-

"Miss Dow, what are you doing "More sense?"sented to go riding with him the

here?""Well—yes. I cannot understand next day.

Tears of anger and embarrasswhy people would let themselves be Dolly's face still wore a bemused ment came to my eyes as I told him brought to the state of misery I expression as we rode away. She was

what had happened. have seen today to follow a prophet!"not accustomed to seeing me go

"If you will wait for me to unload "Joseph Smith was the most simriding with gentlemen.

my boat, I will take you home."ple, human, and wonderful man I "Your sister is very pretty,"he

The boat was full of apples, ever knew. If you had known him, remarked.

pumpkins, potatoes, and other garyou would have understood why "Yes, people often compare us."

den stuffs, and the Mormons were people were willing to follow him "But your face has character, Miss coming down to the shore with even to death."Dow. I like that."

baskets and bags to carry it up to "If the Mormons are good people, He seemed in gay spirits as we camp. I heard people addressing why are they hated and persecuted?"drove along. I noticed once again

him as "Brother Kincaid"in terms "The early Christians suffered for how very tall he was. I was conof affection, and then the shocking their faith. So did the Pilgrims and sidered tall for a woman, but sitting

truth came to me. He was one of other groups. I suppose we make beside him on the wagon seat, I

them. A Mormon had saved people uncomfortable, and after a came just to his shoulder.

Jeremy's life, had stayed the night while their discomfort turns to hate.""I regret, Ma'am, that this isn't a

in our house, and now, once again, We had reached the landing, and fine carriage, but I have something was coming to my aid. as I stepped ashore, he caught my to confess. I am not really a tanner,

With emotions mixed of astonishhand. "Miss Dow,"he said impulbut a schoolmaster. I turned

ment, disappointment, and embarsively, "I have seen my family and smuggler, you see, when we were rassment, I stepped into his boat. We friends turn against me because of forbidden to gather the harvest from

floated quietly downstream for some my faith. I very much hope—that our own fields. Under the hides my

time. Finally he said, "Do you you will continue to be my friend."friends and I take food down to the

disapprove of my affiliations, Miss I was touched. "Of course I river for our people."

Dow?"shall."I smiled, remembering the day I

"Mr. Kincaid,"I said with some Dolly and Jeremy were very much had loftily inquired if he could read.

difficulty, "it is not for me to apsurprised to see me come riding We turned down Water Street and

THE SEASON'S GREATEST BELL & HOWELL

MOVIEMAKING VALUE! MOVIE OUTFIT

The perfect outfit to start you making your own 8mm C home movies in brilliant 95 full color! The camera and

projector are both easy to 99 use. Try them now!

Nothing Down... Only $1.50 WU

Come In, Phone or Order By Mail

HERE'S WHAT YOU GET!

220 Sun Dial Camera 253AX Projector Salt Lake City: 155 S. Main—273 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

Roomy Gadget Bag Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center Street

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

NOVEMBER 1961 883 approached the Mansion House. and rust doth corrupt, and where "I don't believe I have heard of

"Nauvoo began as a swamp, just thieves break through and steal.'If that, Sir,"said Jeremy as he invited

about here, when our people were that was meant as a thrust, Sir, it him in.

driven from Missouri. Joseph Smith was unfair."The man sat down and pompously

built the Mansion House as a home "I apologize."tapped his fingers together as he

for his family and a place of hospitalWe had reached home. Simon talked. "We are a group of citizens

ity for travelers."stopped the horses and let the reins of Nauvoo who have formed a petiIt was odd that I had not, until drop while he turned towards me. tion to ask the Mormons to hurry

then, connected the name of "Smith""Rachel,"he said, and took my up their affairs so as to leave the with the place. At last I understood hands. "There is one more bit of city immediately, and thereby end

the attitude of grief in that house. scripture I wish you would say to the danger to themselves and—

We drove toward the temple, but me, and truly mean it. It is Ruth, ahem—the rest of us. We are askbefore we had progressed far, we chapter one, verse sixteen."ing all our neighbors to sign the

were stopped by an armed guard. My heart began to beat rapidly, petition."

Governor Ford's latest body of and there was a pounding in my Jeremy read the paper through similitia had arrived and were camped ears as I realized what he meant. lently, then handed it back.

upon the temple square. "Shall I say it for you?"He looked "Why don't you take this proposal

"They won't let us on the into my eyes. "'Entreat me not to to the Mormons?"he asked. "They

grounds,"Simon said, "but we can leave thee, or to return from followmight like a sayso in it."

go around to the grove."ing after thee: for whither thou "But—,"sputtered the man, "we

This was the place where Dolly goest, I will go, and where thou intend to show it to them when all and Jeremy and I had picnicked on lodgest, I will lodge; thy people the citizens of Nauvoo have signed

the Fourth of July. "We used shall be my people, and thy God my it. When they know that the whole

to meet here,"Simon said, "for God!'"city is behind it, they will have no

speeches, concerts, and all types of I pulled away and fled toward the choice but to comply."

festive entertainment. People came house. "I will not sign it,"said Jeremy.

from far up and down the river for "Rachel,"he begged. The man looked at him in great

these affairs. When the Nauvoo "Oh, please do not ask it of me, surprise and opened his mouth to

Legion turned out to march, people Simon. I cannot!"protest.

lined the streets to watch, and He turned the horses slowly "I will not sign anything,"Jeremy

LieutenantGeneral Smith reviewed around and left. continued, "to cause the Mormon

the troop sitting astride a fine black I could not sleep that night. I people greater hardship than they

horse, a plumed hat on his head, and lay with my thoughts in turmoil for are now suffering. They are leaving

his beautiful wife beside him."what seemed hours, then I dressed Nauvoo as rapidly as they can. To

Simon walked to the edge of the and went for a walk down to the push them any faster would be ingrove and looked on the town. river. I stood and watched the dark tolerably cruel."

"This is the loveliest place on waves lapping the shore. And then The man turned in outrage. "I

earth. I shall regret leaving it."there came a sound from across the shall report this, Sir, to the Citizens'

"Where do you live?"I asked. water, of singing. The Mormon peoCommittee."

"I used to have a house out along ple in their miserable camp were "You can tell the Citizens'Comthe Carthage road. It was burned raising their voices in a hymn. It mittee,"Jeremy shouted at his

down about my ears one night, and brought a strange calm to my soul. retreating back, "that if we had a

I barely escaped with my life. Now "Surely,"I thought, "if they can shred of humanity, we would give

I sleep wherever I can."sing while beset with such troubles, the city back to its real citizens,

The shadows were lengthening, I can be of good cheer in the midst the Mormon people!"

and we turned toward home. of mine."When he shut the door, Dolly

"I have heard,"I said, "that the The next evening, as I prepared flew to him with a white face and

Mormon people do not believe in for bed, Dolly came into my room. trembling lips. "Jeremy, you should

the Bible."There was a smile on her lips as not have done that. He will be

"Yes, indeed we do. I know the she sat down beside me. "Oh, angry."

Good Book very well."Rachel,"she said, and threw her "Let him be. I should have hit

"Then,"I said, with an effort at arms around me, "I have the most him in the nose!"

gaiety, "I shall catechize you and wonderful surprise for you. You "He will report that you are on

see if you are telling me the truth. I have always wanted a baby to hold, the Mormons'side. The mob will

will give you a scripture, and you and now you shall have your chance. be after you again."

must quote it to me. Now: Proverbs, I am expecting a child.""I am not afraid of that."

chapter fifteen, verse thirteen. She was happy. She thought she "If you are not afraid for your-

"'A merry heart maketh a cheerful was offering me all I could desire. self, then think of me and—and our

countenance, but by sorrow of the And until the day before, I would child. I beg of you, Jeremy, go after

heart the spirit is broken.'have said that it was so. But now the man and tell him you have

"Very good."I knew I would give very nearly all changed your mind."

"I shall try to remember that ad- I had to be able to hold a child of "I can't do that, Dolly. I've made

vice. And now I will give you one: my own. my stand."

Matthew, chapter six, verse nineteen. A few evenings later, a man He turned on his heel and walked

''Lay not up for yourselves knocked at our door saying he repup the stairs.

treasures upon earth, where moth resented the Citizens'Committee. (To be continued)

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA **'lii

Standing before the lacey pattern of lightfiltered leaves, fourteenyear-old Steve Roberts of Short Hills, New Jersey, thrills at being in the Sacred Grove. This spot near Palmyra, New York, is the

place where the Prophet Joseph, at Steve's age, sought the Lord in prayer and was visited by God and his Son Jesus Christ.

THE CHURCH

IN THE EYES OF YOUTHThe Era of Youth Generations yet unborn will dwell with peculiar delight on the scenes we have passed through."—Joseph Smith

The story of Mormonism centers in the story of youth. Among its great exemplars, missionaries, leaders, are men and women who yet in

their green years flourished under divine nurture; youth who caught the vision of Christ

and his kingdom until it became fire in their bones; youth who bore the weight of this

dawning dispensation.

The torch has been passed on. Let us look

backward in order to look inward, and upward, and onward.

Let us recapture these scenes—through the

eyes of youth.

The Birthplace Here where winter snows are sometimes four feet deep, a Prophet was born, two days before Christmas, 1805.

Joseph Smith received the most ordinary of names and labored in the most ordinary kind of farming. Yet the divine mortar and pestle

were early at work preparing him for a most extraordinary mission.

Mere at the place of his birth, in the days of his youth, was begun the development of the courage, "native cheery temperament,"powerful physique, keen intellect, tremendous energy, and deep sensitivity that marked his character as a man.

Sacred Grove Into this grove went a boy with an earnest and allimportant question.

Out of it came a fourteenyear-old man with divine knowledge and a divine promise.

He had encountered, not in imagination but in fact, the destructive powers of the adversary.

In contrast he had seen a pillar of light and the brightness and glory of the Father and the Son.

He had asked not whether the true Church existed but where. The Lord told him that

the churches were teaching incorrect doctrines, bereft of authority, having a form but not the power of godliness.

"... and I was expressly commanded to 'go

not after them, at the same time receiving a

THE CHURCH IN THE

EYES OF YOUTH history.

G. MADSEN BY TRUMAN Niagara of Johnson June OF PHILOSOPHY PROFESSOR ASSISTANT the outside York, Falls, New BYU RELIGION, AND near Smith home Joseph

Palmyra. This home was

completed and moved into after the three visits of the Angel Moroni to the Prophet Joseph, September 2122, 1823, in the original fiveroom log home.

Picking string beans outside a home on the Peter

Whitmer farm in Fayette, New York, are three young Latterday Saints from Delaware Township, New Jersey. They are (left to right)

Keith Alan, Eric, and Walter Irving Johnson, Jr.

promise that the fulness of the Gospel should at some Kirtland Temple This building was erected by the future time be made known unto me."Saints under conditions of extreme pressure and poverty,

He was left to ponder and pray-—and prove himself. the first temple of the new dispensation.

The dedicatory prayer was given by revelation, and

Joseph Smith Farm First in an old log house, and great spiritual manifestations occurred. The Lord himself

later in this home, the Prophet spent his later teens. appeared in a sheen of light, accepting the house. Moses,

In September 1823, when he was seventeen, Joseph prayed Elias, and Elijah came and conferred keys and authoriearnestly for "forgiveness of all my sins and follies, and ties upon Joseph and Oliver. Others had glorious visions

also for a manifestation to me, that I might know of my in a great spiritual experience. Armed with "power from

state and standing before him."on high"missionaries were sent abroad to testify and

In answer to this prayer he received from Moroni instructo gather.

tions regarding the coming forth of the Book of Mormon and was directed by Moroni to the Hill Cumorah, where LtUmoran Directed by the angel Moroni, Joseph rehe was permitted to see the ancient records. turned for four successive years to the Hill Cumorah for

From the angelic ministrant he learned his own role further preparation in mind and heart and spirit for the in the "preparatory work for the second coming of tremendous task that lay ahead.

the Messiah."

Sisters Joanne and Janeen Hill of North Jersey, New Jersey, pose before the window of a bedroom in the Joseph Smith home near Palmyra, New York.

It was under a hearthstone in this house that the Prophet Joseph hid the sacred plates to. protect them from an approaching mob in 1827.

and inspiration and devotion. Finding the higher way he wrote, "I

made this my rule. When God

commands, do it!"

Liberty Jail For four and a half tortuous months the Prophet,

Hyrum, and others were confined in this rock dungeon with a stone floor. The food was like garbage.

There was a heavy door entrance, two small windows in each room, no sanitary facilities. Visitors

brought them tidings of murder and plunder of their people.

Unjustly held, they attempted to escape, and failed.

In anguish the Prophet cried out "How long, O Lord!"There came

an answer of peace and patience.

"Vengeance is mine,"said the Lord. Joseph must endure what

he could not overcome. He was

not yet as Job: his friends were

loyal, and he would see them again. He must look to Christ

who had "descended below all things."Out of this prison came some of the most sublime of Mormon literature: letters of love to his wife

and family, of solace and strength to the Saints, of doctrinal power to the brethren, of divine promise to the Church abroad. He wrote of

the spirit of the priesthood, of persuasion and gentleness and love unfeigned, and of God's blessings to the righteous who suffer and endure it well for him.

Carthage Jail The P r o P h e t knew that he was soon to surfer death: "I shall die innocent."

As the circumstances unfolded, he had ample opportunity to save his life. One by one he volunTaking a drink from an old water pump at the Hill Cumorah are Jerry Claridge tarily closed the doors.

of Niagara Falls, New York, and Pat Bullock of Fort Bragg, North Carolina. The twelve had wanted to stay;

he sent ten of them away. "If you

do not go, you will die."

Having begun his journey west, he was accused of cowardice, and

To obtain, protect, translate, and return the metallic records, upon which returned with heavy heart. "If my

were inscribed the Book of Mormon, brought upon the Prophet and his assolife is of no value to my friends ciates severe difficulties and taught them vital lessons. Joseph had been tested it is of none to myself."

and prepared for his sacred calling in the sight of God. His family stood by him, The Nauvoo Legion, a military

but neighbors created a smokescreen of rumors and charges, treating his witness unit of 5,000 troops, was ready.

and testimony with contempt. "If I had not gotten into this work,"he later wrote, He asked them to surrender their

"I would back out, but I cannot back out. I have no doubt of the truth."arms to Governor Ford.

Before Joseph saw the plates, Moroni had cautioned, in Joseph's words "... John Taylor offered to "tear down

telling me that Satan would try to tempt me (in consequence of the indigent the jail,"Cyrus Wheelock to dress circumstances of my father's family), to get the plates for the purpose of getting in the Prophet's clothes, Willard rich."He kept this trust, but later yielded and surrendered part of the manuscript Richards to be hanged in his stead.

translation, and it was lost. But with the forgiveness of God he grew in power Each he quietly refused.

The Jail Interior The martyrdom was sudden. Bullets

showered through the door as Willard Richards tried to close it, and Joseph and John Taylor sparred the guns with canes. Hyrum fell; then Joseph was shot twice through

the back and fell through the open window into the fire of the waiting mob. Willard Richards was unscathed; John

Taylor was wounded four times, but he survived to become the third President of the Church.

Though the news had not yet reached there, a pall fell to Stooping pull a toadstool the lawn the outside from Kirtlandover Nauvoo. howled, Dogs and recattle lowed. Upon are Temple Steve Inouye and McNiel Gwendolyn Cleveland, ofceiving the awful deathcommunication Elders from John is Ohio. the This the Savior, temple where Elias, Moses, andTaylor Willard at and Richards Carthage, a terrible heart- E'ijah appeared, April 3, 1836, to the Prophet Oliver Joseph and

break fell on the community; strong men and women wept Cowdery. From these personages they received various keys of

like children. authority to administer in the Church.

A Prophet of God and his noble brother were dead.

Nauvoo Grove, Near here, after the Prophet's death, theProphet'svoice "mantle"and face onof Brigham.their martyredThe sheepJoseph, recognizedand the

Sidney Rigdon claimed rights of leadership. Brigham their true shepherds.

Young arose and testified of the authority of the twelve. The Twelve prayed that the worthy might receive temple

Those present testified that they seemed to hear and see blessings before they were driven from Nauvoo. Their

prayers and labors were honored;

day and night sacred ordinances were performed; there were many

sealings, and the spiritual oneness of the Church was strengthened for the crises that lay before them.

Nauvoo Temple a million dollar sacrifice. Built under extreme hardship, used only for a

few weeks, then abandoned with

Latterday Saint homes and farms and businesses and city. Twice

Missionary Richard Kay of Salt Lake

City sits at the window from which the Prophet Joseph fell at the time of his martyrdom at Carthage Jail, Illinois. After having been shot twice in

the back and once in the chest, the

Prophet fell through the open window crying, "Oh Lord, my God!"

These teens are enjoying a friendly gettogether on the steps of the "Times and Seasons"building in (Commerce) N auv o o.

They are (left to right) Florence and Phil Burrell of Arizona and Bryan and Sandra Ellsworth of California.

set afire, it was later leveled by a did not finish the great trek rest that number were to lie in crude tornado, whipped into broken here. The old and the very young graves along the trail before the

blocks. were first to die, their bodies more wagon and handcart migration

As the Saints looked back, they fragile than their faith and courwas over.

thanked the Lord that it was not age. They were buried during the

to be desecrated by others. exposure and starvation, the cholera On the Plains President Brigand the scurvy, of that first winter ham Young asked all of the travelWinter Quarters six hundred in the wilds. Of those who surers to kneel in the sagebrush,

of the faithful ones who began but vived or started later, ten times dedicated them as the "Camp of

Israel,"and began with his company the long journey from Winter -'iiili Quarters across the thousand miles of desert. One hundred and forty

three men, three women, and two children were in this advance company, the first to start and complete the long journey.

There were dust and darkness, snakes, spiders, and the stench of animals that died in their tracks, rocks and rivers and everscanter provisions, hostile Indians and broken wagons. But the Saints

pressed on and found around their campfires the joy of faith. After,

Left, outside the John Taylor home in Nauvoo, Illinois, these five young Latterday Saint visitors are (left to right) Linda, Ellen,

Scott, and Deborah Ellsworth of

California, and Elizabeth Burrell of Arizona. John Taylor was with

the Prophet Joseph at his martyrdom and followed Brigham Young as President of the Church.

At

they sang and danced and prayed Looking up at the magnificent Avard and wept together. FairbanksSaints whomonumentlost theirto livesthe sixat hundredWinter

Quarters are (left to right) fean and all Sharp, Kathy Gail and Borneman editor Horace The The Valley Nebraska. monument The of Omaha,

*V V of the valley said of the Greeley represents pioneer father a mother and

Great Salt Lake as the pioneers standing over the open grave of their found it that it was "parched, glischild, and is dedicated to those who tening, blistering, blinding sterility,"perished here during the severe winters and that if the Mormons paid a of 184647 and 184748.

cent an acre for it they were grossly defrauded. But they accepted it, Lynn Sedgwick, Carolyn Wilson, and

conquered and civilized it, filled it Janeth Cooper of Omaha, Nebraska, with houses and chapels and schools look over three little rough stone and civic buildings, made its barren markersters Cemetery.of graves inInthe 1846,WinterWinterQuarground yield food, and added the Quarters was inhabited by over three

culture and refinement that made thousand people.

it livable. Then many of them,

called by their leaders, left it all and went to colonize in other places throughout the West.

"Brother,"Brigham said to 4 typical pioneer, "we are calling y0T to go to Arizona and establish settlement. You will be relea

when you die. God bless you."|

* -:: Kg

u:'r:':: -.0f\:- &y-

.;,... "''. '.;ti:fsilli:.. '..... >;:

""'"i: l

;.; u*. Ubi i

: 'i Its principles The Church is built on eternal principles of truth, truth about

God, Christ, life,, and man.

God is the Father of the spirits of all men. He is the living, revealing, personal Father of whom

the prophets spoke and whom they represented. He is the Loving God to whom Jesus taught us to

pray after this manner, "Our Father who art in heaven."He is our Heavenly Father in whose image

and likeness we are created, who loves us and reveals his will for us through his prophets.

Jesus Christ is the divine Son of God, the Savior of the world, our personal Savior. He is

what he said he is, "The way, the truth, and the life."He is more than a master teacher or

ethical philosopher, he is the Redeemer, the Son of the Living God.

Life is purposeful and meaningful. It is not a "veil of tears"which we endure bravely. It

is not a playground where we fritter away our time, indulging appetite and following after carnal or material desires. It is a schoolground, a testing place, a preparation experience, a "mortal probation"in which we are supposed to be learning the lessons which will equip us for eternal creative

service with God. Virtue is priceless. Marriage is a sacred eternal covenant between man, woman,

and God. When made under the law and authority of God and preserved in righteousness, marriage

endures beyond the grave. Families are eternal units. We take with us through the door called

death not the things we can count, but the things that count, the gains we have made in mind and heart and spirit. Life is good and purposeful, and goes on forever.

Man also is good. Because he is mortal and physical, he is subject to the temptations of the flesh.

He is a free agent, and he lives in a world where the forces of evil tempt and mislead. But man is more

than flesh, he is spirit, and his spirit is the offspring of Almighty God. He is therefore susceptible to

the enticings of the Holy Spirit. He has within him the "upward reach."He is free, eternal, creative,

brother to all men. He has the capacity to choose, and the responsibility to answer one day for the choices

he has made. Man is meant to grow, and he grows as he learns to conquer that which is earthy in him by

listening to the whisperings of the Spirit. Man is a child of God; he is meant to learn to be like his Father.

X UO UJ. QCXi1/jCXj\j\J 1 7 Bmie teaches that Christ grew "in wisdom and stature,

and in favour with God and man."Each of us should also be constantly seeking to strengthen our relationship with

our Heavenly Father and with our fellow men, and to increase in intelligence and maturity and physical wellbeing.

Willing individuals can most effectively grow and serve and contribute when their efforts are organized, and in the

Church are found the programs through which all of this may be accomplished.

Knowing that "The glory of God is intelligence,"the Church encourages learning in every wholesome field, sponsors universities, and provides seminaries and institutes of religion near high schools and nonChurch universities to insure opportunities for religious education and spiritual growth. Primary and MIA and Sunday School have full

programs of activity for children and youth. The women's Relief Society channels charitable services and includes

programs for growth in homemaking skills and in educational and cultural as well as spiritual fields; the welfare program meets the needs of every participating member in a time of difficulty.

In dancing and drama, in athletics and music and public speaking, in youth leadership and health education and the development of social graces, in missionary work and temple service, the Church provides organized and wellled programs designed to bless individuals with opportunities for maximum effectiveness in participation and leadership.

Its authority** The ultimate source of the laws and standards by which man is governed and by which he ultimately will be judged is God. Man is free to choose; he may obey or

disobey eternal law, but he cannot himself change or "break"God's laws; he can only "break himself on

them,"if he insists. Not societies nor nature nor humanity can be set up as the origin or arbiter of eternal

truth; God alone serves that function. The task for men is to work out a suitable balance between

initiative and integrity and individuality, and the humility to accept the will of God.

The Church has received the divine commission of God to serve his holy purposes. It is led by men

who have been commissioned of God to represent him. In it every worthy boy and man can be given the:.;i

authority to speak and act and work in the name of Almighty God. This is an awesome commission

and the most sacred of trusts. It is to be experienced by those who prepare themselves to have it and

who will honor it. It is to be exercised by those with "clean hands and a pure heart,"who will be

worthy to be the Lord's agents and to perform his errands.

Its growth through participation

The organization of the Church not alone permits but demands participation of its members.

There is no professional ministry, no compensated clergy to carry the load of service and leadership. As in the days of the Savior, ordinary men who work at ordinary human pursuits are called

to positions of extraordinary importance; they become missionaries, teachers, bishops, stake and

mission presidents, and apostles. Men growexpression—andthrough responsibilitymen cameandtoparticipationthis earth toandgrow.creativeSo

farmers and doctors and salesmen and craftsmen earn their bread for self and family, and serve the Lord for the love of the labor. In the Church everyone who will

participate is given opportunity, and everyone is encouraged to participate. Young and old take part and learn

to follow and to lead. All of the priesthood quorums

and auxiliary organizations are officered and taught by members, and the great recreational, cultural, welfare, and spiritual programs are so conducted.

So the Church means unselfish service. It imposes an obligation and

r.J provides an opportunity. It demands

something and offers creative activity and

S: achievement. It requires sacrifice and brings development and growth toward godliness.

The church in the eyes of youth

BY MARION D. HANKS

The trip from Palmyra to Payson or

Pasadena or Portsmouth or Perth—or

wherever you are—is a long journey

historically. What was behind it all?

What is there in the Church for your generation?

Its theology The Church is many important things.

It is the kingdom of God on earth. It

is the organization originally established by the Savior when he was here but lost from among men by apostasy. Doctrines and ordinances were changed, officers and

offices abandoned and new ones l initiated, spiritual gifts and authority lost, methods of worship totally altered. In our dispensation it has been restored by

revelation from God through prophets, with the same organization, doctrines, ordinSsS ances, gifts of the Spirit, and authority it had in the days iBii of Christ The Church is the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, restored to the earth with his divine Drawing of a chair used by gospel, for the blessings the Prophet Joseph Smith of all the children of in the Kirtland Temple. God.

SliHi Sill Harvey Dee Ledhman, Jr.

BY ELAINE CANNON

"Some of the brightest spirits who dwell in the bosom is on the InterAmerican Defense Board, the family is of the Father are making their appearance among this now living in Washington, D. C. But fourteenyear-old

people of whom the Lord will make a Royal Priesthood, Jane has lived on four continents and had ample oppor- a peculiar nation, that he can own and bless, talk with tunity to serve in branch activities and even be accomand associate with."—Brigham Young panist for Post Protestant Sunday School Services in

The programs and precepts of the Church of Jesus addition to playing for her own.

Christ of Latterday Saints, the choice heritage, the Youth of the Church who live in Western Canada noble example, the opportunities and associations work are few in number but their influence is strongly felt upon the bright spirits of whom Brigham Young spoke. in the community. Their participation in civic and

And the effect is good. The youth of today are making school affairs, and the sharing of their talents open the

a mark in the world by their behavior, the way they door to many converts to the Church. NADINE SMITH

serve, by their appearance, their lofty aims, by their is typical of these teens. She has helped interest

talents, their achievements, their leadership. Among numerous young people in the gospel, and many have

the many are these scattered few.... been baptized. Her strong testimony and loving spirit

HARVEY DEE LEAHMAN, JR., is seventeen and impress others in her dramatic groups, school officers'

the only LDS boy in his high school near Ft. Sherman, meetings, music clubs, and social affairs. She's won

Canal Zone. Living the gospel, maintaining high perseveral awards for public speaking, and each time has

sonal standards so different from the world at large, worked gospel themes into the subject. She will be a

has put Dee "on top"in the eyes of classmates. He senior in high school next year.

was elected governor of Boys'State and represented the Select members of Virginia Tanner's famed Children's

Canal Zone at Boys'Nation in Washington, D. C, this Theater in Salt Lake City won exciting reviews, acclaim,

year. Besides activities at school, in the community, and friends for themselves and the Church when they

and in Church (he's financial clerk of the Atlantic spent two months this summer presenting dance proBranch), he maintains a straight A average. grams and training sessions at Jacob's Pillow Dance

When JANE KAREN THOMAS plays the organ for Festival in Massachusetts, at the Connecticut College

Sunday School, she's simply taking up where her School of Dance, and in numerous concert halls in ancestors left off. She's the greatgranddaughter of New York. RUTH BURKE, who used to dance with the

Richard Ballantyne who organized the first LDS Sunyoung children's group has grown up to become an day School. Since Jane's father, Col. J. Paul Thomas, assistant to the famed Miss Tanner.

r-l O bD

r-H CDO CD—(DCD cr3 S (D CO CD Oo bO

"The Apostle Paul wrote When one "goes to A gathering of LDS A man called under diNot necessarily the opto members of the Mutual"he is attending church members. Genvine inspiration to serve posite of a long meeting!

Church addressing them an official LDS organizaeral conference convenes in top leadership posiRather it is held once a as 'Saints.'"We use the tion for youth over three days in the spring tions of the Church. month on the day ward

word with the same twelve, meeting weekly and fall in the Salt Lake The members of the or branch members fast, meaning today. and encouraging mutual Tabernacle under direcFirst Presidency, Quoor go without eating

improvement spiritually, tion of the Presidency rum of the Twelve Apostwo consecutive meals, physically, culturally, of the Church. General tles, Patriarch to the and give a contribution

and socially through Authorities of the Church Church and Assistants to or "fast offering"to the classwork and activities. speak. Relief Society, the Twelve, the First needy instead. SacraSunday School, and PriCouncil of the Seventy, ment (bread and water)

mary auxiliary organizaand Presiding Bishopric is passed, babies blessed, tions of the Church are referred to as "Gennew memberships voted hold their conferences eral Authorities."upon, confirmations

once a year. At June made, and testimonies

conference, ward, stake, borne during this and some mission Mumeeting.

tual Improvement Association leaders gather on

Temple Square for inspiration and instruction on the coming year's program. It is the time

of elaborate music, drama, and dance festivals. Stake conference

is for ward members within stake boundaries and is held quarterly.

C\ Its familiar unitsacred ceremony "father,"A Patriarch means or bishop the by Given term of Mormon Book a "I have A phrase The for and time couple a ing blessspecial is a this so to one president branch bee,"honey "a meaning the means testimony"eternity, promising all Heavenly our intering from been has of who implications with has speaking so person blessings upor- marvelous an given by Father personal to as viewed and industry thrift and the by touched been to faithfulness their only on patriarch is dained deworthiness and beeThe cooperation. feels a Spirit and Holy commandments. God's seeking those to in participating once of sirous state symbol is the hive within him up welling and guidance special this ordinances. church sacred "desword of The Utah. the concerning her or

blessing direction. The uswide found eret"has gosof the truthfulness

lineage one's reveals also Church. the Name in age the Jesus, of divinity pel,

Israel. of house the in Territo Utah applied visions of Mormon, Book

of the Prophet Joseph tory "State of Deseret,

Smith, etc.

to a nonmemher...

to a new convert...

to a Saint far from the center

of things...

to a youth now awakened to terminology long familiar to othersphrases* BY ELAINE CANNON in the Church...

herewith a glossary of terms, an explanation of expressions, some definitions of words and phrases and traditions peculiar to the Mormon

people.

KATHY EGAN, Arimo, Idaho... we've never

had the priesthood in our home. But by

watching the priesthood in action in other families, seeing the example set by our bishop and boys I know who do hold the priesthood, and watching the elders at work while I was back at the Hill Cumorah Pageant, I know that the power of the priesthood is of God. I have

made up my mind never to marry unless I can have the priesthood in my home. As young

people who may have parents who aren't active or not members, who haven't had the privilege of gospel training, we should do all we can to teach them and help them.

What it means to me...

BILL BLACK, Omaha, Nebraska... I'm fourteen

years old, and the day I received the priesthood was a wonderful one for me. The Church means more

to me every day of my life, especially when I see how other people live who aren't members. Most of

my friends at school aren't members, and there are many good boys and girls, but they don't know anything about clean living or rules of spiritual and physical health such as our Church teaches. I know

that I am a much better person this way than if I

BOB SIMON, Coffeyville, Kansas... I've been weren't a member. We understand better why we

a convert to the Church for thirteen years. To me are on this earth, and we are taught what will happen

the Church is the perfect organization. I'm impressed to us after this life. I think teachings like this make

with its teachings on personal standards and the us try harder to live better and learn more about meaning of life, and I have a testimony of the everything and raise our standards and goals.

truthfulness of the Book of Mormon which I prayed for diligently. But the more I study the organization

of the Church, its lay leadership system, and its authority, I know that this Church is under the

Lord's direction. To me, this is the way it should be.

People in his Church may make little mistakes, but the overall plan is correct and as perfect as anything ever could be on this earth where there are humans doing the actual running of it. I'm

grateful to be able to share the gospel with all who don't know of it.

V M BY DAVID W. EVANSThis is the Church

A quest for truth in a youthful heart, and an answer in It is living abundantly, serving un- a wooded grove; a light, a vision, a voice—this is its selfishly, and associating happily with

beginning! family and friends in a common cause for

It is also that boy grown older and what happened the common good.

on a certain September night in a bedroom miraculously It is tolerance for those with whom we made lighter than noonday by the presence of a heavdo not agree, but it is a persistent hope enly messenger... and his message: that all peoples will some day, with our

"Your old men shall dream dreams and your young help, come to a unity of faith and a sinTed Huffingham men shall see visions... and I will show wonders in gleness of purpose with those who know FloridaJacksonville,.

the heavens and in the earth...."and teach the truth. And it is a personal

It is, as promised, prophets and priesthood; a record testimony in the heart of each of us that

which rested in a nearby hill with its story of "other we have the truth and must share it with sheep"and lost civilizations. others.

It is a restoration of things lost and a prediction of This, and much more, is the message things to come. It is promises and fulfillment. and meaning and mission of Mormonism.

It is order and organization: nearly two million members in 2,500 wards and 1,750 missions and branches,

working together and worshipping in unity in every

American state and in many foreign lands. Kent Bean

It is the plan and the people, faith and good works, Seattle, Washington rewards and punishments. It is respect for earthly law BarryTremonton,Roche Utah

and reverence for the divine. ]immy Young

Centerville, Utah It is earning and it is learning—for man was made to

work, and he cannot be saved in ignorance.

It is young men and young women at worship and at play... a generation involved in the world's largest

basketball and Softball leagues and in other supervised sports, and it is a striving for culture of the other kind through the singing, acting, playing, and dancing together of hundreds of thousands of young men and young women under a Churchsponsored improvement program which is both inspired and unique.

It is fidelity to virtue, and it is marriage in sacred Tom Fujimoto temples for time and eternity. Rexburg, Idaho

It is an accepted code of "do's and don'ts"for good John Newman health and long life which was revealed more than a Tremonton, Utah century ago to a people once considered "peculiar"but Ted Burner now more respected and admired. Caldwell, Idaho

It is compassion for the sick, help for the handicapped, care for the indigent—and it is generous, willing,

purposeful giving.

David Cherryton Preston, Idaho

Phil Gertsch

Center Ward, S.L.C,

Rand Asay

Phoenix, Arizona I Deseret News Press rings to the West

-Jcolor web offset printing!

Deseret News Press, always a leader in the printingindustry of the West, proudly announces the installation of an ATF Webbendorfer fiveunit rotary offset press capable of producing five color work on bothsides of a paper web at the rate of 25,000 impressions per hour. This new press is

just another step in the long history of printing accomplishments at the

Press.

(2)--'TheAbout1950's150 employees

The 1960's About 250 employees

Through the years the skilled craftsmen at Deseret News Press have produced fine commercial printing. Whether it be a business card, a letterhead, a hardbound edition of a book or a full color brochure or magazine,

Deseret News Press is equipped to handle your order quickly, carefully and with excellent quality.

FINE COMMERCIAL PRINTING SINCE 1850

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

WHAT BENEFICIAL'S

MEANS TO YOU

Here are the important facts you should know if you are

a man or woman

37 years of age or younger... and a college

particularly a

parent with

growing children

a young doctor, a young

dentist, intern, or businessman

member of another with growing

profession business interests

You can now benefit from art "option to purThink what this can mean to you if you know chase"rider on many Beneficial life and endowthat you'll need more insurance in the future, ment policies that will give you the right, at but feel you can't afford to buy all you need now.

threeyear intervals, to purchase additional With this plan, you can also make sure that insurance -at standard rates without a new your children can add to their insurance estates medical examination, and regardless of your in the future... even though they might not

health, your occupation, or your job location. otherwise be able to qualify at the time.

fnduumee

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah