ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS

THE YOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONAND THE 5CHOOUS OF THE.

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD AT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

f I DESERET NEWS BOOK STORE BOOKS HEADQUARTERS FOR ALL GOOD BOOKS

Histories, Novels, Biographies and

BEFORE THE SMOKE Specialbookspricesby localto Quorumsauthors and

CLEARS AWAY Y. M. M. I. A. onOn your firestricken shop, factory,

office or store, you can resume busiquantity orders ness if insured with us. No long

adjusting',unnecessary in delays no Deseret News Bookhaggling terms; over but prompt payIt's of losses time.ment every to our Storeinterest to get business you set up in

again—we can insure you again.

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH

Heber J. Grant & 2026 So. Main St. Salt LakeGo.City, Utah

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos, Wm, Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue OFFICE OPEN E AY AND NIGHT

21, 23 and 25 South West Temple St.

"i SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Xlbe HXDia to 1Tmpro\>e is to IReafc (Soob Books Let us Help You with Your Selection

We Have the Best Books at the Best Prices

Deseret Sunday School Union Book Store 4446 East South Temple, Salt Lake City

WHEN WRIT1SG TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE -ERA'

Irhnlo ICihj'a timtage of grarr% %

Jftfi tmatautri fairneaa rtamg from tlje ground;

Alf, Gllfriat 00 rabtant we are tfjg far?,

uHjy simwb life uiitl| myattr bratrtij rroumeft!

A. ft. ecAsxeiK

Auiag with all aao thoogljt th.ta time of bloom!

Iatl noto, bright joy of

freatjauiakeneb anting,

lje lEaaterICiliea atto toe broken tomb, Hlfjen nature, one oast rljoir, begina to aing!

iForget tlfia ban, all bitterneaa ano ain,

ICei pain ano biarorb in auieet aoonba expire, t tje iEaaterlGilu, makettj all

akin Mature anb man one nnitieraal rboir!

h A hJ\ Improvement Era Vol. XVI MARCH, 1913 No. 5

The Prince of Peace

BY WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN

[This address, a classic which we hope every reader of the Era will carefully consider, has been delivered by the distinguished author before many religious gatherings in the United States, and in Tokyo, Manila,

Bombay, Cairo, Jerusalem, Montreal, Toronto, and other places. The

Editors.]

I offer no apology for speaking upon a religious theme, for it is the most universal of all themes. If I addressed you upon the

subject of law I might interest the lawyers; if I discussed the

science of medicine I might interest the physicians; in like manner

merchants might be interested in a talk on commerce, and farmers in a discussion on agriculture; but none of these subjects appeals

to all. Even the science of government, though broader than

any profession or occupation, does not embrace the whole sum of life, and those who think upon it differ so among themselves that

I could not speak upon the subject so as to please a part without offending others. While to me the science of government is intensely absorbing, I recognize that the most important things in

life lie outside of the realm of government and that more depends upon what the individual does for himself than upon what the government does or can do for him. Men can be miserable under

the best government and they can be happy under the worst government.

Government affects but a part of the life which we live here and does not touch at all the life beyond, while religion touches the infinite circle of existence as well as the small arc of that circle which we spend on earth. No greater theme, therefore, can engage our attention.

Man is a religious being; the heart instinctively seeks for a

God. Whether he worships on the banks of the Ganges, prays

with his face upturned to the sun, kneels toward Mecca or, re406 IMPROVEMENT ERA

garding all space as a temple, communes with the Heavenly

Father according to the Christian creed, man is essentially devout.

There are honest doubters whose sincerity we recognize and respect, but occasionally I find young men who think it smart to be skeptical; they talk as if it were an evidence of larger intelligence to scoff at creeds and refuse to connect themselves with

churches. They call themselves "liberal,"as if a Christian were

narrow minded. To these young men I desire to address myself.

Even some older people profess to regard religion as a superstition, pardonable in the ignorant, but unworthy of the educated mental state which one can and should outgrow. Those who—a

hold this view look down with mild contempt upon such as give to religion a definite place in their thoughts and lives. They assume

an intellectual superiority and often take little pains to conceal the assumption. Tolstoy administers to the "cultured crowd"(the

words quoted are his) a severe rebuke when he declares that the religious sentiment rests not upon a superstitious fear of the invisible forces of nature, but upon man's consciousness of his finiteness amid an infinite universe and of his sinfulness; and this consciousness, the great philosopher adds, man can never outgrow.

Tolstoy is right; man recognizes how limited are his own powers

and how vast is the universe, and he leans upon the arm that is stronger than his. Man feels the weight of his sins and looks

for One who is sinless.

Religion has been defined as the relation which man fixes between himself and his God, and morality as the outward manifestation of this relation. Every one, by the time he reaches maturity, has fixed some relation between himself and God, and no

material change in this relation can take place without a revolution in the man, for this relation is the most potent influence that acts upon a human life, Religion is the basis of morality in the individual and in the group of individuals. Materialists have attempted to build up a

system of morality upon the basis of enlightened selfinterest.

They would have man figure out by mathematics that it pays him to abstain from wrong doing; they would even inject an element

of selfishness into altruism, but the moral system elaborated by the materialists has several defects. First, its virtues are borrowed from moral systems based upon religion; second, as it rests

upon argument rather than upon authority, it does not appeal to the young, and by the time the young are able to follow their reason they have already betome set in their ways. Our laws do not

permit a young man to dispose of real estate until he is twentyone. Why this restraint? Because his reason is not mature; and

yet a man's life is largely molded by the environment of his youth.

Third, one never knows just how much of his decision is due to reason and how much is due to passion or to selfish interest. We

THE PRINCE OF PEACE 407

recognize the bias of selfinterest when we exclude from the jury every man, no matter how reasonable or upright he may be, who has a pecuniary interest in the result of the trial. And, fourth,

one whose morality is based upon a nice calculation of benefits to be secured spends time figuring that he should spend in action.

Those who keep a book account of their good deeds seldom do enough good to justify keeping books.

Morality is the power of endurance in man; and a religion

which teaches personal responsibility to God gives strength to morality. There is a powerful restraining influence in the belief

that an allseeing eye scrutinizes every thought and word and act of the individual.

There is a wide difference between the man who is trying to conform to a standard of morality about him and the man who is endeavoring to make his life approximate to a divine standard.

The former attempts to live up to the standard if it is above him if he is doing right onlyand down to it if it is below him—and

when others are looking he is sure to find a time when he thinks he is unobserved, and then he takes a vacation and falls. One

needs the inner strength which comes with the conscious presence oi a personal God. If those who are thus fortified sometimes

yield to temptation, how helpless and hopeless must those be who rely upon their own strength alone

There are difficulties to be encountered in religion, but there are difficulties to be encountered everywhere. I passed through a

period of skepticism when I was in college and I have been glad ever since that I became a member of the church before I left home for college, for it helped me during those trying days. The

college days cover the dangerous period in the young man's life it is when he is just coming into possession of his powers—when

he feels stronger than he ever feels afterward and thinks he knows more than he ever does know.

It was at this period that I was confused by the different theories of creation. But I examined these theories and found

that they all assumed something to begin with. The nebular

hypothesis, for instance, assumes that matter and force existed matter in particles infinitely fine and each particle separated from every other particle by space infinitely great. Beginning with

this assumption, force working on matter—according to this

a universe. Well, I have a right to assume,hypothesis—createsand I prefer to assume a Designer back of the design—a Creator

back of creation; and no matter how long you draw out the

process of creation, so long as God stands back of it, you cannot shake my faith in Jehovah. In Genesis it is written that, in the

beginning, God created the heavens and the earth, and I can stand onthat proposition until I find some theory of creation that goes farther back than "the beginning."

408 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I do not carry the doctrine of evolution as far as some do; I

have not yet been able to convince myself that man is a lineal descendant of the lower animals. I do not mean to find fault

with you if you want to accept it; all I mean to say is that while

you may trace your ancestry back to the monkey if you find pleasure or pride in doing so, you shall not connect me with your family tree without more evidence than has yet been produced. It

is true that man, in some physical qualities, resembles the beast, but man has a mind as well as a body and a soul as well as a mind.

The mind is greater than the body and the soul is greater than the mind, and I object to having man's pedigree traced on onethird that the lowest third. Fairbairn lays down aof him only—and

sound proposition when he says that it is not sufficient to explain man as an animal; it is necessary to explain man in history—and

the Darwinian theory does not do this. The ape, according to

this story, is older than man, and yet he is still an ape, while man is the author of the marvelous civilization which we see about us.

One does not escape from mystery, however, by accepting this theory, for it does not explain the origin of life. When the follower of Darwin has traced the germ of life back to the lowest

to follow him one must exerciseform in which it appears—and

finds that scientists differ.more faith than religion calls for—he

Some believe that the first germ of life came from another planet and others hold that it was the result of spontaneous generation.

If I were compelled to accept one of these theories I would prefer the first, for if we can chase the germ of life off this planet and get it out into space we can guess the rest of the way and no one can contradict us, but if we accept the doctrine of spontaneous generation we cannot explain why spontaneous generation ceased to act after the first germ was created.

Go back as far as we may, we cannot escape from the creative act, and it is just as easy for me to believe that God created man as he is as to believe that, millions of years ago, he created a germ of life and endowed it with power to develop into all that we see today. But I object to the Darwinian theory until more

conclusive proof is produced, because I fear we shall lose the consciousness of God's presence in our daily life, if we must assume that through all the ages no spiritual force has touched the life of man or shaped the destiny of nations. But there is another objection. The Darwinian theory represents man as reaching his presmercilessent perfection by the operation of the law of hate—the

law by which the strong crowd out and kill off the weak. If this

is the law of our development, then, if there is any logic that can bind the human mind, we shall turn backward toward the beast in proportion as we substitute the law of love. How can hatred

be the law of development when nations have advanced in proTHE PRINCE OF PEACE 409

portion as they have departed from that law and adopted the law of love?

But while I do not accept the Darwinian theory, I shall not quarrel with you about it; I only refer to it to remind you that

it does not solve the mystery of life or explain human progress.

I fear that some have accepted it in the hope of escaping from the miracle, but why should the miracle frighten us? It bothered me

once, and I am inclined to think that it is one of the test questions with the Christian.

Christ cannot be separated from the miraculous; his birth, his

ministrations and his resurrection, all involve the miraculous, and the change which his religion works in the human heart is a continuing miracle. Eliminate the miracles and Christ becomes

merely a human being, and his gospel is stripped of divine authority.

The miracle raises two questions: "Can God perform a miracle?"and, "Would he want to?"The first is easy to answer. A

God who can make a world can do anything he wants to do with it. The power to perform miracles is necessarily implied in the

power to create. But would God want to perform a miracle?

this is the question which has given most of the trouble. The

more I have considered it the less inclined I am to answer in the negative. To say that God would not perform a miracle is to assume a more intimate knowledge of God's plans and purposes

than I can claim to have. I will not deny that God does perform a

miracle or may perform one merely because I do not know how or why he does it. The fact that we are constantly learning of

the existence of new forces suggests the possibility that God may operate through forces yet unknown to us, and the mysteries with which we deal every day warn me that faith is as necessary as sight. Who would have credited a century ago the stories that

are now told of the wonder working electricity? For ages man

had known the lightning, but only to fear it; now this invisible

current is generated by a manmade machine, imprisoned in a manmade wire and made to do the bidding of man. We are even

able to dispense with the wire and hurl words through space, and the X-ray has enabled us to look through substances which were supposed, until recently, to exclude all light. The miracle is not

more mysterious than many of the things with which man now is simply different. The immaculate conception is notdeals—it

is simply unlike;more mysterious than any other conception—it

nor is the resurrection of Christ more mysterious than the myriad resurrections which mark each annual seedtime.

It is sometimes said that God could not suspend one of his laws without stopping the universe, but do we not suspend or overcome the law of gravitation every day? Every time we move

a foot or lift a weight, we temporarily interfere with the opera410 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion of the most universal of natural laws, and yet the world is not disturbed.

Science has taught us so many things that we are tempted to conclude that we know everything, but there is really a great unknown which is still unexplored, and that which we have learned ought to increase our reverence rather than our egotism. Science

has disclosed some of the machinery of the universe, but science secret of life. Ithas not yet revealed to us the great secret—the

is to be found in every blade of grass, in every insect, in every bird and in every animal, as well as in man. Six thousand years

of recorded history and yet we know no more about the secret of life than they knew in the beginning. We live, we plan; we have

our hopes, our fears; and yet in a moment a change may come

over any one of us and this body will become a mass of lifeless clay. What is it that, having, we live and, having not, we are as

the clod? We know not, and yet the progress of the race and the

civilization which we now behold are the work of men and women who have not solved the mystery of their own lives.

And our food, must we understand it before we eat it? If

we refused to eat anything until we could understand the mystery of its growth, we would die of starvation. But mystery does not

bother us in the dining room; it is only in the church that it is

an obstacle.

I was eating a piece of watermelon some months ago and was struck with its beauty. I took some of the seed and dried them

and weighed them, and found that it would require some five thousand seed to weigh a pound. And then I applied mathematics to that fortypound melon. One of these seeds, put into

the ground, when warmed by the sun and moistened by the rain, goes to work; it gathers from somewhere two hundred thousand

times its own weight and, forcing this raw material through a tiny stem, constructs a watermelon. It covers the outside with a coating of green; inside of the green it puts a layer of white, and

within the white a core of red, and all through the red it scatters seeds, each one capable of continuing the work of reproduction.

Where did that little seed get its tremendous power? Where

did it find its coloring matter? How did it collect its flavoring

extract? How did it build a watermelon? Until you can explain

a watermelon, do not be too sure that you can set limits to the power of the Almighty or say just what he would do or how he would do it. I cannot explain the watermelon, but I eat it and

enjoy it.

Everything that grows tells a like story of infinite power.

Why should I deny that a divine hand fed a multitude with a few loaves and fishes when I see hundreds of millions fed every year by a hand which converts the seeds scattered over the field into an abundant harvest? We know that food can be multiplied in a

THE PRINCE OF PEACE 411

few months'time; shall we deny the power of the Creator to

eliminate the element of time, when we have gone so far in eliminating the element of space?

But there is something even more wonderful still—the mysterious change that takes place in the human heart when the man

—thebegins marvelousto hate thetransformationthings he lovedthatandtakesto loveplacetheinthingsthe manhe hatedwho,

before the change, would have sacrificed the world for his own advancement but who, after the change, would give his life for a principle and esteem it a privilege to make sacrifice for his convictions. What greater miracle than this, that converts a selfish,

selfcentered human being into a center from which good influences flow out in every direction! And yet this miracle has

been wrought in the heart of each one of us—or may be wrought

it wrought in the hearts of those about us.—and we have seen

No, living in the midst of mystery and miracles, I shall not allow either to deprive me of the benefits of the Christian religion.

Some of those who question the miracle also question the theory of atonement; they assert that it does not accord with their

idea of justice for one to die for others. Let each one bear his

own sins and the punishments due for them, they say. The doctrine of vicarious suffering is not a new one; it is as old as the

race. That one should suffer for others is one of the most familiar principles and we see the principle illustrated every day of

our lives. Take the family, for instance; from the day the mother's

first child is born, for twentyfive or thirty years they are scarcely out of her waking thoughts. She sacrifices for them, she surrenders herself to them. Is it because she expects them to pay

her back? Fortunate for the parent and fortunate for the child

if the latter has an opportunity to repay in part the debt it owes.

But no child can compensate a parent for a parent's care. In the

course of nature the debt is paid, not to the parent, but to the next generation, each generation suffering and sacrificing for the one following.

Nor is this confined to the family. Every step in advance has

been made possible by those who have been willing to sacrifice for posterity. Freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom

of conscience and free government have all been won for the world bv those who were willing to make sacrifices for their fellows. So well established is this doctrine that we do not regard

any one as great unless he recognizes how unimportant his life is in comparison with the problems with which he deals.

I find proof that man was made in the image of his Creator in the fact that, throughout the centuries, man has been willing to die that blessings denied to him might be enjoyed by his children, his children's children and the world.

The seeming paradox: "He that saveth his life shall lose it.

412 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and he that loseth his life for my sake shall find it,"has an application wider than that usually given to it; it is an epitome of history. Those who live only for themselves live little lives, but

those who give themselves for the advancement of things greater than themselves find a larger life than the one surrendered. Wendell Phillips gave expression to the same idea when he said: "How

prudently most men sink into nameless graves, while now and then a few forget themselves into immortality."

Instead of being an unnatural plan, the plan of salvation is in perfect harmony with human nature as we understand it. Sacrifice is the language of love, and Christ, in suffering for the

world, adopted the only means of reaching the heart, and this can be demonstrated not only by theory, but by experience, for the story of his life, his teachings, his sufferings and his death has been translated into every language and everywhere it has touched the heart.

But if I were going to present an argument in favor of the divinity of Christ, I would not begin with miracles or mystery or theory of atonement. I would begin as Carnegie Simpson begins

in his book entitled, The Fact of Christ. Commencing with the

fact that Christ lived, he points out that one cannot contemplate this undisputed fact without feeling that in some way this fact is related to those now living. He says that one can read of Alexander, of Caesar or of Napoleon, and not feel that it is a matter

of personal concern; but that when one reads that Christ lived

and how he died he feels that somehow there is a chord that stretches from that life to his. As he studies the character of

Christ he becomes conscious of certain virtues which stand out in bold humility, a forgiving spirit and an unfathomrelief—purity,

able love. The author is correct. Christ presents an example of

purity in thought and life, and man, conscious of his own imperfections and grieved over his shortcomings, finds inspiration in One who was tempted in all points like as we are, and yet without sin. I am not sure but that we can find just here a way of

determining whether one possesses the true spirit of a Christian.

If he finds in the sinlessness of Christ an inspiration and a stimulus to greater effort and higher living, he is indeed a follower; if, on

the other hand, he resents the reproof which the purity of Christ offers, he is likely to question the divinity of Christ in order to excuse himself for not being a follower.

Humility is a rare virtue. If one is rich he is apt to be proud

of his riches: if he has distinguished ancestry, he is apt to be

proud of his lineage; if he is well educated, he is apt to be proud

of his learning. Some one has suggested that if one becomes

humble he soon becomes proud of his humility. Christ, however,

possessed of all power, was the very personification of humility.

The most difficult of all the virtues to cultivate is the for-

THE PRINCE OF PEACE 413

giving spirit. Revenge seems to be natural to the human heart

to want to get even with an enemy is a common sin. It has even

been popular to boast of vindictiveness; it was once inscribed on a

monument to a hero that he had repaid both friends and enemies more than he had received. This was not the spirit of Christ. He

taught forgiveness and in that incomparable prayer which he left as a model for our petitions he made our willingness to forgive the measure by which we may claim forgiveness. He not only

taught forgiveness, but he exemplified his teachings in his life.

When those who persecuted him brought him to the most disgraceful of all deaths, his spirit of forgiveness rose above his sufferings and he prayed, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do!"

But love is the foundation of Christ's creed. The world had

known love before; parents had loved children and children, parents; husband had loved wife and wife, husband; and friend had

loved friend; but Jesus gave a new definition of love. His love

was as boundless as the sea; its limits were so farflung that even

an enemy could not travel beyond it. Other teachers sought to

regulate the lives of their followers by rule and formula, but

Christ's plan was, first to purify the heart and then to leave love to direct the footsteps.

What conclusion is to be drawn from the life, the teachings and the death of the historic figure? Reared in a carpenter's

shop; with no knowledge of literature, save Bible literature; with

no acquaintance with philosophers living or with the writings of sages dead, this young man gathered disciples about him, promulgated a higher code of morals than the world had ever known before, and proclaimed himself the Messiah. He taught and

performed miracles for a few brief months and then was crucified; his dsiciples were scattered and many of them put to death;

his claims were disputed, his resurrection denied and his followers persecuted, and yet from this beginning his religion has spread until millions take his name with reverence upon their lips and thousands have been wliling to die rather than surrender the faith which he put into their hearts. How shall we account for

him? "What think ye of Christ?"It is easier to believe him

divine than to explain in any other way what he said and did and was. And I have greater faith even than before since I have

visited the Orient and witnessed the successful contest which

Christianity is waging against the religions and philosophies of the East.

I was thinking a few years ago of the Christmas which was then approaching and of him in whose honor the day is celebrated. I recalled the message, peace on earth, good will to men,

and then my thoughts ran back to the prophecy uttered centuries before his birth, in which he was described as the Prince of Peace.

414 IMPROVEMENT ERA

To reinforce my memory I reread the prophecy and found imverse whichmediately following a verse which I had forgotten—a

declares that of the increase of his peace and government there shall be no end, for, adds Isaiah, "He shall judge his people with justice and with judgment."Thinking of the prophecy, I have

selected this theme that I may present some of the reaons which lead me to believe that Christ has fully earned the title, the Prince of Peace, and that in the years to come it will be more and more applied to him. Faith in him brings peace to the heart, and his

teachings, when applied, will bring peace between man and man.

And if he can bring peace to each heart, and if his creed will bring peace throughout the earth, who will deny his right to be called the Prince of Peace?

All the world is in search of peace; every heart that ever

beat has sought for peace, and many have been the methods employed to secure it. Some have thought to purchase it with riches

and they have labored to secure wealth, hoping to find peace when they were able to go where they pleased and buy what they liked.

Of those who have endeavored to purchase peace with money, the large majority have failed to secure the money. But what

has been the experience of those who have been successful in acthat theycumulating money? They all tell the same story—viz.,

spent the first half of their lives trying to get money from others and the last half trying to keep others from getting their money, and that they found peace in neither half. Some have even

reached the point where they find difficulty in getting people to accept their money; and I know of no better indication of the

ethical awakening in this country than the increasing tendency to scrutinize the methods of money making. A long step in advance

will have been taken when religious, educational and charitable institutions refuse to condone immoral methods in business and leave the possessor of illgotten gains to learn the loneliness of life when one prefers money to morals.

Some have sought peace in social distinction, but whether they have been within the charmed circle and fearful lest they might fall out, or outside and hopeful that they might get in, they have not found peace.

find peace in political Some have thought—vain thought—to

prominence; but whether office comes by birth, as in monarchies,

or by election, as in republics, it does not bring peace. An office

is conspicuous only when few can occupy it. Only when few in

a generation can hope to enjoy an honor do we call it a great honor. I am glad that our Heavenly Father did not make the

peace of the human heart depend upon the accumulation of wealth, or upon the securing of social or political distinction, for in either case but few could have enjoyed it, but when he made peace the reward of a conscience void of offense toward God and man, he

THE PRINCE OF PEACE 415

put it within the reach of all. The poor can secure it as easily as

the rich, the social outcast as freely as the leader of society, and the humblest citzen equally with those who wield political power.

To those who have grown gray in the faith I need not speak of the peace to be found in the belief in an overruling Providence.

Christ taught that our lives are precious in the sight of God, and poets have taken up the theme and woven it into immortal verse.

No uninspired writer has expressed the idea moVe beautifully than

William Cullen Bryant in the Ode to a Waterfowl. After following the wanderings of the bird of passage as it seeks first its

northern and then its southern home, he concludes

Thou art gone; the abyss of heaven

Hath swallowed up thy form, but on my heart

Deeply hath sunk the lesson thou hast given,

And shall not soon depart.

He who, from zone to zone, Guides through the boundless sky thy certain flight,

In the long way that I must tread alone,

Will lead my steps aright.

Christ promoted peace by giving us assurance that a line of communication can be established between the Father above and the child below. And who will measure the consolation that has

been wrought to troubled hearts by the hour of prayer?

And immortality? Who will estimate the peace which a belief in a future life has brought to the sorrowing? You may talk

to the young about death ending all, for life is full and hope is strong, but preach not this doctrine to the mother who stands by the deathbed of her babe or to one who is within the shadow of a great affliction. When I was a young man I wrote to Colonel

Ingersoll and asked him for his views on God and immortality.

His secretary answered that the great infidel was not at home, but inclosed a copy of a speech which covered my question. I

scanned it with eagerness and found that he had expressed himself about as follows: "I do not say that there is no God, I simply say

I do not know. I do not say that there is no life beyond the grave,

I simply say I do not know."And from that day to this I have

not been able to understand how any one could find pleasure in taking from any human heart a living faith and substituting therefor the cold and cheerless doctrine, "I do not know."

Christ gave us proof of immortality, and yet it would hardly seem necessary that one should rise from the dead to convince us that the grave is not the end. To every created thing God has

given a tongue that proclaims a resurrection.

If the Father deigns to touch with divine power the cold and pulseless heart of the buried acorn and to make it burst forth from its prison walls, will he leave neglected in the earth the soul 416 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of man, made in the image of his Creator? If he stoops to give

to the rose bush, whose withered blossoms float upon the autu breeze, the sweet assurance of another springtime, will he refuse the words of hope to the sons of men when the frosts of winter come? If matter, mute and inanimate, though changed bv

the forces of nature into a multitude of forms, can never die, will the spirit of man suffer annihilation when it has paid a brief visit like a royal guest to this tenement of clay? No, I am as sure that

there *is another life as I am that I live today!

In Cairo I secured a few grains of wheat that had slumbered for more than three thousand years in an Egyptian tomb.

As I looked at them this thought came into my mind: If one of

those grains had been planted on the banks of the Nile the year after it grew, and all its lineal descendants planted and replanted from that time until now, its progeny would today be sufficiently numerous to feed the teeming millions of the world. There is in

the grain of wheat an invisible something which has power to discard the body that we see, and from earth and air fashion a new body so much like the old one that we cannot tell the one from the other. If this invisible germ of life in the grain of wheat

can thus pass unimpaired through three thousand resurrections,

I shall not doubt that my soul has power to clothe itself with a body suited to its new existence when this earthly frame has crumbled into dust.

A belief in immortality not only consoles the individual, but it exerts a powerful influence in bringing peace between individuals.

If one really thinks that man dies as the brute dies, he may yield to the temptation to do injustice to his neighbor when the circumstances are such as to promise security from detection. But if

one really expects tomeet again and live eternally with those whom he knows today, he is restrained from evil deeds by the fear of endless remorse. We do not know what rewards are in store

for us or what punishments may be reserved, but if there were no other punishment it would be enough for one who deliberately and consciously wrongs another to have to live forever in the company of the person wronged and have his littleness and selfishness laid bare. I repeat, a belief in immortality must exert a

powerful influence in establishing justice between men, and thus laying the foundation for peace.

Again, Christ deserves to be called the Prince of Peace because he has given us a measure of greatness which promotes peace. When his disciples disputed among themselves as to which

should be greatest in the kingdom of heaven, he rebuked them and said: "Let him who would be chiefest among you be the

servant of all."Service is the measure of greatness; it always

has been true; it is true today, and it always will be true, that

he is greatest who does the most of good. And yet, what a revoTHE PRINCE OF PEACE 417

lution it will work in this old world when this standard becomes the standard of life! Nearly all of our controversies and combats

ariseother—therefrom thewillfactbethatpeacewe arewhentryingour aimto getis somethingto do somethingfrom eachfor

each other. Our enmities and animosities arise from our efforts

will be peaceto get as much as possible out of the world—there

when our endeavor is to put as much as possible into the world.

Society will take an immeasurable step toward peace when it estimates a citizen by his output rather than by his income, and gives the crown of its approval to the one who makes the largest contribution to the welfare of all. It is the glory of the Christian

ideal that, while it is within sight of the weakest and the lowliest, it is yet so high that the best and the noblest are kept with their faces turned ever upward.

Christ has also led the way to peace by giving us a formula for the propagation of good. Not all of those who have really

alldesired to do good have employed the Christian method—not

Christians even. In all the history of the human race but two

methods have been employed. The first is the forcible method.

A man has an idea which he thinks is good; he tells his neighbors

about it and they do not like it. This makes him angry, and,

seizing a club, he attempts to make them like it. One trouble

about this rule is that it works both ways; when a man starts out

to compel his neighbors to think as he does, he generally finds them willing to accept the challenge and they spend so much time in trying to coerce each other that they have no time left to be of service to each other.

not overcome of evil, but The other is the Bible plan—be

overcome evil with good. And there is no other way of overget more credit forcoming evil. I am not much of a farmer—I

my farming than I deserve, and my little farm receives more advertising than it is entitled to. But I am farmer enough to know

that if I cut down weeds they will spring up again, and I know that if I plant something there which has more vitality than the weeds I shall not only get rid of the constant cutting, but have the benefit of the crop besides.

In order that there might be no mistake about his plan of propagating good, Christ went into detail and laid emphasis uponthe value of example—"so live that others seeing your good works

may be constrained to glorify your Father which is in heaven."

There is no human influence so potent for good as that which goes; the arguout from an upright life. A sermon may be answered

ments presented in a speech may be disputed, but no one can is the unanswerable argument in favoranswer a Christian life—it

of our religion.

of the world by the It may be a slow process—this conversion

silent influence of a noble example, but it is the only sure one, and 418 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the doctrine applies to nations as well as to individuals. The Gospel of the Prince of Peace gives us the only hope that the world

the substitution of reason for it is an increasing hope—ofhas—and

the arbitrament of force in the settlement of international disputes.

But Christ has given us a platform more fundamental than any political party has ever written. We are interested in platforms; we attend conventions, sometimes traveling long distances; we have wordy wars over the phraseology of various

planks, and then we wage earnest campaigns to secure the indorsement of these platforms at the polls. But the platform

given to the world by the Nazarene is more farreaching and more comprehensive than any platform ever written by the convention of any party in any country. When He condensed into

one commandment those of the ten which relate to man's duty toward his fellows and enjoined upon us the rule, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself,"he presented a plan for the solution of all the problems that now vex society or may hereafter arise.

Other remedies may palliate or postpone the day of settlement, but this is allsufficient and the reconciliation which it effects is a permanent one.

If I were to attempt to apply this thought to various questions which are at issue, I might be accused of entering the domain of partisan politics, but I may safely apply it to two great problems. First, let us consider the question of capital and labor.

This is not a transient issue or a local one. It engages the attention of the people of all countries and has appeared in every age.

The immediate need in this country is arbitration, for neither side to the controversy can be trusted to deal with absolute justice, if allowed undisputed control; but arbitration, like a court, is a last

resort. It would be better if the relations between employer and

employe were such as to make arbitration unnecessary. Just in

proportion as men recognize their kinship to each other and deal with each other in the spirit of brotherhood will friendship and harmony be secured. Both employer and employe need to cultivate the spirit which follows from obedience to the great commandment.

The second problem to which I would apply this platform of peace is that which relates to the accumulation of wealth. We

cannot much longer delay consideration of the ethics of moneymaking. That many of the enormous fortunes which have been

accumulated in the last quarter of a century are now held by men who have given to society no adequate service in return for the money secured is now generally recognized. While legislation can

and should protect the public from predatory wealth, a more effective remedy will be found in the cultivation of public opinion which will substitue a higher ideal than the one which tolerates the enjoyment of unearned gains. No man who really knows what

THE PRINCE OF PEACE 419

brotherly love is will desire to take advantage of his neighbor, and the conscience when not seared Will admonish against injustice.

My faith in the future rests upon the belief that Christ's teachings are being more studied today than ever before, and that with this larger study will come an application of those teachings to the everyday life of the world. In former times men read that Christ

came to bring life and immortality to light and placed the emphasis upon immortality; now they are studying Christ's relation

to human life. In former years many thought to prepare themselves for future bliss by a life of seclusion here; now they are

learning that they cannot follow in the footsteps of the Master unless they go about doing good. Christ declared that He came

that we might have life and have it more abundantly. The world is

learning that Christ came not to narrow life, but to enlarge it—to

fill it with purpose, earnestness and happiness.

But this Prince of Peace promises not only peace, but strength. Some have thought His teachings fit only for the weak

and the timid and unsuited to men of vigor, energy and ambition. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Only the man

of faith can be courageous. Confident that he fights on the side

of Jehovah, he doubts not the success of his cause. What matters

it whether he shares in the shouts of triumph? If every word

spoken in behalf of truth has its influence, and every deed done for the right weighs in the final account, it is immaterial to the

Christian whether his eyes behold victory or whether he dies in the midst of conflict.

"Yea, though thou lie upon the dust,

When they who helped thee flee in fear,

Die full of hope and manly trust,

Like those who fell in battle here.

"Another hand thy sword shall wield,

Another hand the standard wave,

Till from the trumpet's mouth is pealed

The blast of triumph o'er thy grave."

Only those who believe attempt the seemingly impossible, and, by attempting, prove that one with God can chase a thousand and two can put ten thousand to flight. I can imagine that

the early Christians who were carried into the arena to make a spectacle for those more savage than the beasts, were entreated by their doubting companions not to endanger their lives. But, kneeling in the center of the arena, they prayed and sang until they

were devoured. How helpless they seemed and, measured by

every human rule, how hopeless was their cause! And yet within a few decades the power which they invoked proved mightier

than the legions of the emperor, and the faith in which they died was triumphant o'er all that land. It is said that those who went

420 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to mock at their sufferings returned asking themselves, "What is it that can enter into the heart of man and make him die as these die?"They were greater conquerors in their death than

they could have been had they purchased life by a surrender of their faith.

What would have been the fate of the church if the early

Christians had had as little faith as many of our Christians now have? And, on the other hand, if the Christians of today had the

faith of the martyrs, how long would it be before the fulfilment of the prophecy that every knee shall bow and every tongue confess?

Our faith should be even stronger than the faith of those who lived two thousand years ago, for we see our religion spreading and supplanting the philosophies and creeds of the Orient.

As the Christian grows older he appreciates more and more the completeness with which Christ fills the requirements of the heart and, grateful for the peace which he enjoys and for the strength which he has received, he repeats the words of the great scholar, Sir William Jones

"Before thy mystic altar, heavenly truth,

I kneel in manhood, as I knelt in youth,

Thus let me kneel, till this dull form decay,

And life's last shade be brightened by thy ray."

A Hymn of Action

(Selected) (These lines were written many years ago)

"Not in dumb resignation, we lift our hands on high;

Not like the nerveless fatalist, content to do and die.

Our faith springs like the eagle, who soars to meet the sun,

And cries exulting unto Thee, 'O Lord, Thy will be done.'

"When tyrant feet are trampling upon the common weal

Thou dost not bid us bend and writhe beneath the iron heel,

In Thy name we assert our right by sword or tongue or pen,

And even the headman's ax may flash Thy message unto men.

"Thy will! It bids the weak be strong; it bids the strong be just;

No lips to fawn, no hand to beg, no brow to seek the dust,

Whenever man oppresses men beneath the liberal sun,

O Lord, be there: Thine arm make bare; Thy righteous will be done.

John Hay.

Under the Sea Level in Holland

BY W. F. THOMPSON

As is well known, this country has been reclaimed from the sea; the large rivers of Europe have carried down sediment which

has formed a large delta, level with the ocean, and in many places far below. I asked an old gentleman in Groningen, "How far

above the sealevel is the city of Groningen?"and he replied,

"About sixty feet below, at high tide."

Piece by piece it has been surrounded by dykes, and the water, being pumped out, has left a small, beautiful, fertile piece of land, now very productive. On a pleasant summer

day, the landscape is very beautiful everything is nice, trim, and so clean and neat! In the large cities they have

lovely dwelling houses, the streets in THE DOGCART front being beautiful with grass plots containing flower beds, in the center. On leaving the city,

we travel along the country road, far into the farm district. The road we travel over

is paved with brick. Alongeach side we see a place for

bicycles. On these brick roads

we can travel miles upon miles

A COUNTRY ROAD from one large city to another without getting off the bricks.

This makes it very comfortable for autoriding. On

either side of the road there is a large canal or drain ditch.

These ditches are used to drain the pretty little farms which are likewise surrounded with ditches which are also used in place of fences.

The farms are well cared THE FAMILY BOAT for, nicely planted with different sorts of market vegetables. A horse is very costly in this

country, so we see the farmer sitting on a heavilyloaded cart 422 IMPROVEMENT ERA

while two or three dogs pull it along. The dog is therefore a

very useful animal to his master.

Here we come to a large canal. Canals are about as numerous here as waterditches

are in Idaho. Traveling along

its banks we notice that the water is almost as thickly populated as the waterways of China. As we pass the boats,

we see that nearly every boat has a family upon it, and our guide tells us that thousands of people are born, reared, and die, on these boats. Babies

born upon these boats stay there till they are old enough to make a living for themselves. We frequently see

children trotting up and down ONE OF HOLLAND S GIANT the roof of a boat within six WIND MILLS inches of the edges, and on many we see a little one tied to the mast with a rope, to keep it from falling into the water.

Here comes a big boat now. The woman is cooking supper.

On the boat just back of it we see a woman hanging out the wash.

It is a great help to the boatman to have the wind blow in his favor when he has to travel, or otherwise he or his wife or children would have to pull the boat along. Here comes

another. It is very heavily

loaded. The mother and the

daughter are at the end of a long rope, pulling with all their strength, and the father is on the boat with a long pole which he thrusts to the botTHE MARKET tom of the canal and pushes.

The baby, a little boy of about four or five years of age, is steering at the rudder.

We are surprised to see, almost within stone's throw, one of those giant windmills by the side of the canal. Everybody has

heard of the large windmills of this country, which are very helpful to the people. This one is used for pumping the water off

the land into the larsre canal which carries it to the ocean.

UNDER THE SEA LEVEL IN HOLLAND 423

Further along we see one used for sawing lumber, and still another is a flour mill. Along some of the canals there are hundreds of them. They dot the farms everywhere; but we notice

that most of them are built on the outskirts of the large cities.

They give a great charm to the landscape. Most of them are

very old. It must have cost many thousands of dollars to build

one. Their day, however, is rapidly passing and there are not

many now being built. Steam is taking the place of the wind,

and some day not far in the future it is possible we shall see Holland without her windmills.

We arrive at the city of Amsterdam. Here the people are

dressed like the people at home. Not many woodenshoes are

ELDERS OF THE AMSTERDAM CONFERENCE IN NATIVE COSTUMES

Left to right, back row: Hansen, Thornick, Edmonds, White; center row: Richardson, McCullough, Noorda, Thomson, Hair, Nichols,

Wade, Ostler; front row: Davis, Taylor (conference president), Eardley fmission president), Tiemersma, Thomas (secretary of the mission).

worn in the large towns. Walking along the main streets, where

most of the large stores are, we see many American styles. At

length we come to the market where all the different kinds of dry goods, dishes of all sorts, and all knids of hardware are sold. Our

guide takes us along a clean street, on one side of which is a large 424 IMPROVEMENT ERA

canal and upon the other, an ironpaved sidewalk of which we see a great many in this country. We come to the cattle market,

where it is very amusing to watch the people sell and buy cattle.

The owner sets his price on his stock, which the purchaser thinks is a little too high. They slap hands with each other for a while

and then finally the sale is made. Many people make their living

at this business of buying and selling cattle.

Leaving the market, we take a boat for the islands of Marken and Volendam. It is 10:30, the engine starts and the ship begins

first toto move. We sail through a large canal to the sea, go

Volendam and then to Marken. Here we behold the old Dutch

style of people. They are not dressed like the people in the large

cities, for they are the quaintest of all the characters of the Netherlands. They remind one of the pictures of Holland one sees in

the picture galleries. The girls are clothed in large hooplike

dresses of dark blue, and colored waists. They have lace caps

on, and wear a helmet of gold, silver, or brass with corkscrew gold horn, about the size of small bed springs, sticking out on each side near the eyes. It is not uncommon to see a young man,

his hair cut straight off at the back, wearing a richlyembroidered shirt, trousers that resemble the American pegtop pants, made of velvet, and a velvet belt with enormous silver or brass buttons in front. Here are a lot of small children! They are all dressed

alike. We ask our guide how they distinguish boys from girls.

He shows us a little boy who has a round mark on the back of his hood, while the little girls haven't.

The Dutch are plain and simple in their ways. They are

soberlooking, but can laugh upon occasion, and as a rule are very hospitable. As far as I can judge, the people are rather inclined

to be slow and plodding; they take life very seriously, as if the

physical features of the country had had their effect upon the character of the people. It is a misty, wet land, but not without

its attractive features.

The preaching of the gospel is carried on here in about the same way as in other fields; walking from city to city; selling

books, in the larger cities; tracting from door to door, and explaining the principles of the gospel and the mission of the

Church. Owing to the religious character of the people, it is not

difficult to gain access to the people in this way. The people are

wonderfully familiar with the Bible, requiring the elders to be wellposted on the Holy Scriptures.

I am working, at present, in Haarlem, one of the prettiest towns in Holland, noted for its flower gardens. Hundreds* of

acres of bulbflowers can be seen in bloom every spring. The

bulbs are shipped all over the world. Thousands of tourists from

America and Germany visit these fields every year.

I believe the Latterday Saints have the finest company of

UNDER THE SEA 'LEVEL IN HOLLAND 425

boys in the world laboring in Holland. They are doing their best

to roll on the work of the Lord. We have at present large

branches in Rotterdam, Amsterdam, Dordrecht, Arnhem, and

Groningen, all of which are growing rapidly.

NYMEGEN, HOLLAND

STREET IN A LARGE CITY

Two Worshipers

He sang about the meadow, grove, and stream,

The sunsets and the silence of the star.

He wove weird fancies in the twilight's gleam

And soared into ideal realms afar.

He wandered in the shadow of the wood,

Exclaimed upon the vastness of the sea,

But never thought of God to call him good.

"Fair Nature's light is light enough,"quoth he.

Aye friend, in very truth these things some strength reveal

Let each discerning heart clue admiration feel!

The other called each grace a gift divine,

Sought Nature in rich sympathetic mood.

He felt the slightest tremble of the vine.

He prized earth's charms his own ideal good.

In simple blessedness he sought to share

His strong rejoicings in a psalm of love;

In all things, read a meaning deep and rare

Which drew his spirit toward the Light Above.

By faith he touched high heaven, kneeling there;

He rose, and knew that God had heard his prayer.

Minnie Iverson, honolulu, h. t.

Little Problems of Married Life/

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN

XVIII—The Incubus of Constant Faultfinding.

Job, the patriarch of sublime patience, suffered many grievous trials and sorrows, ingeniously selected by Satan to compass his wifedownfall, but he was mercifully spared one supreme test—a

with a talent for nagging. It is true that his wife was indiscreet

on one occasion and offered him some unwise advice, but this may have been only the impulsive outburst of her love, her loyalty, her sympathy, her protest, and that desperation we feel when we see some one we love suffer while knowing we are powerless to help.

But she did not fuss, and fume, and fret, and fury, and find fault from dewy morn till darkening eve; had she done so, samples of

her method would surely have been entered on the record.

She must have been a wonderful woman, Job's wife, and she has never received the credit and honor she deserved. She won

no medal nor no crown in history. She never made a single personal complaint; her one emotional explosion was for her husband,

not for herself, yet she suffered the sudden death of her seven sons, the fortune swept away, the stealing of the cattle and the camels, the burning of the sheepfold, the murder of the servants, boils andand, in fact, everything that Job suffered except—the

the three friends. It was not to her, but to this nagging visiting

committee of three, that he cried out in agony of soul and righteous resentment and rebellion he could not restrain: "Ye break

me to pieces with words."

Constant faultfinding is an intoxication of the tongue that has destroyed more homes than drink. It is an insidious evil, so innocent in the beginning, yet it may bring every other source of unhappiness in its trail, and two who have loved and should love

may mourn over a dead happiness slain by discord that one or the other should have prevented by selfcontrol. To keep the air of

the home sweet, wholesome and lifegiving does not require two angels or two saints, but just two human beings with sense enough to realize that nagging is foolish, unnecessary, cruel, and that it does not pay.

In an atmosphere of constant faultfinding, real respect for each other soon dies, every good impulse is dwarfed, every effort discouraged, every spontaneity stifled, love is killed and, goaded to desperation, with misunderstandings multiplied beyond the bearcopyright, 1910, by Fleming H. Revell Company.

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 427

ing point, two finally become separated in everything that means unity, though they may still present the semblance of union to their friends and to the world.

If there be one place on earth where peace should reign that place is—the home. It should ever be an unfailing sanctuary

from the struggle, stress and storm of the world. When conditions are reversed and the world becomes a refuge from the home,

then the death of love and all possibility for happiness becomes inevitable unless there be speedy reorganization in the home partnership. That home is doomed to disruption from within; like a

nation bravely meeting foreign aggression, but having dissension within, it will finally be broken by internal revolution.

The husband honestly and earnestly seeking to furnish the funds for the home on as liberal a scale as he can may have a faultfinding wife, discontented, unsympathetic, unappreciative of his efforts, selfishly thinking only of her own desires. Nothing

that he can do ever satisfies and he may have to face at each homecoming the eternal money discussion and argument. It dominates

the dinnertable, overflows into the evening session and rises with new force at breakfast time, a depressing, nagging influence that saps spirit and energy in meeting the business problems and duties of the day. If there be a temporary lull, a brief spell of sunshine,

he feels ever a sense of apprehension like a canoeist on certain mountain lakes who realizes that a squall may come at any moment. He enters the house with dread; he remains in fear; he

leaves it with relief.

There is not a subject on earth that he can venture to introduce without feeling that her ingenuity will find in it some opening for a monologue of complaint, a slur of condemnation, a mood of censure, an irritating pose of martyrdom or some other of the roles in her elaborate repertoire of faultfinding.

If he ventures to remark that the evening papers say there will probably be a general war in Europe she loses sight of the awful horror of the thought in her remark about the expense of it "No one can understand better than I what war must cost, when it takes so much money to run a house."This becomes the text

for a sermon on his failure as a moneymaker and his inferiority to the man next door. The suggestion of the high flight of an airship gives her the chance for a sudden transfer to "the high cost

of living."

The barbaric treatment of women among savages makes her remark with an undertone of personal significance that would be: "Yet the women ofhumorous were it not so maddingly serious

America suffer terrible things, too, and they are silent about it."

If on some other occasion after looking in every direction for storm signals, thinking that now at least he is safe, he may hazard the information of a new submarine that has made wonderful

428 IMPROVEMENT ERA

descents, he may suddenly be jostled from his selfcomplacency as he hears the warning preface: "For years I have known what

it means to be down in the depths. I can sympathize with them."

He soon puts himself in the attitude of a careful chessplayer who mentally moves every piece on the board and studies all its new possibilities before making the actual move. He thinks of

the radiation of every phrase before he speaks it, but even then, some seemingly innocent sentence may hardly have passed his lips before he hears what means "check"to his soul.

He may hear: why did he marry her? she had everything in

life at home; her sister's husband has just put through a new deal

the people in the corner house have bought an automobile; she

reminds him constantly that she sacrificed so much in taking him when there were so many other better candidates. It requires

heroic selfcontrol for him to resist saying what he feels at this point, but he may find it prudent not to put into her hands fresh ammunition for future assault, when she will quote the fatal phrase of his outburst while forgetting, or even denying in her own mind, that she gave the slightest provocation.

When this faultfinding reaches a chronic state, though he might have done much in the earlier stages, now it seems he can do nothing. No matter what action it takes it proves to be the

wrong one. The cards seem stacked against him so that he must

lose. His explanations are riddled and ridiculed and mean simply new points of attack; his tenderness may be construed as a

weak admission of the right of all she says and of the justice of her siege; his arguments are all mowed down by the avalanche of

her unreason; his indignation bursting bonds may break into

angry protest that brings a cascade of tears at "this new suffering."

In sad despair he may valiantly try silence, determining to say nothing no matter what it costs him in selfcontrol. This

gives her a free field for a little while until she suddenly becomes conscious of the lack of return fire that seems like shelling a deserted city. Then she may become aggravated to say something

specially stinging to draw some spark of response from the flint of his silence. He may at last sadly feel that absence from home

is his only resource, and accept quiet outside if he cannot peace at home. In his desperation he may care nothing for the outcome;

he simply lets go and—drifts.

It may be the wife who suffers all this or some similar brand of nagging from her husband. She lives in a state of terror of

his moods, grows old before her time, loses her spirit, her sweetness and her interest in life. She feels as hopeless and helpless

as a leaf in the tempest of his faultfinding. Her battle with herself during the day to be thoughtful, kind and forgiving and to

meet the storm in the best way she can may be nullified in a few

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 429

moments when her good resolutions and her plans for patience and prudence are suddenly laid low as a cyclone levels a town.

Some little thing she worked over for days for his pleasure or comfort may be ignored, treated with contempt or even condemnation for wasting her time. Her powers of endurance are

killed by a sneer cruel as a blow. His grumbling at the food, at

the house, at the servants and at her may finally "get on her nerves"so she feels she cannot keep still. She feels like an electric machine, vibrating at a tremendous velocity, and that any

moment she may fly to pieces. She, 'like Job, knows what it

means to be "broken to pieces with words."And then he may

lapse into cold, bitter sarcasm that seems to suffocate her, words that bite like an acid into her consciousness; they are unanswerable

in their form, cruelly, cowardly, contemptibly unjust in their spirit.

They blight everything that is best in her nature, they shrivel every good impulse. She hates this sarcasm with an intensity of soul

she cannot express and she may soon hate—him.

He is venting his temper on her, getting the relief of the outburst in a degrading tyrannical way he would not dare to do at his club or at his business with customers though he would doubtless make helpless clerks his victims. He masters it for dollars at his

store, why does he not conquer it for peace at home? A mislaid

collarbutton, that he forgets he himself lost in the morning, may be sufficient to convert a home into an inferno in a few moments.

Such a man, too, smiling and gay with his guests, may say in the course of a dinner a number of mean, vitriolic things in the way of slurs and allusions, that fall innocently on unknowing ears, but which the wife knows are aimed with deadly intent at her.

He is shooting from a masked battery, with a silencer on his gun and with smokeless powder, but as each shot finds its mark, she may hear herself talking automatically to the guest she is entertaining, hardly conscious of what she is saying, because of the pain in her heart, and the very air of the room seems tp grow stifling; she is humiliated by the shame of it and she wants to get

away, somewhere, anywhere, and to be alone.

Faultfinding, when it is the atmosphere of an individual life, is but an assertion of intense selfishness, it is seeing things only from one's own standpoint and expressing the feeling of discontent, dissatisfaction or protest that things are not goinsr as we wish, that the universe is not run on our schedule. Faultfinding

is the father of all the bad tempers. We sometimes sneak of

anger as if it were the onlv telnper when it is merely one of them.

Tempers are the indispositions of the mind, the emotions, and the will. There are many: scolding, complaining, nagging, fretting,

grumbling, fuming, whining, sulking, pestering, fussing, moping, sneering, snarling, opposing, arguing, and the others. The fault

primarily rests not with conditions but with the subject, the indi430 IMPROVEMENT ERA

vicinal himself or herself. It does not need a reason, an excuse

will suffice; it creates a wrongif one does not exist. It is often

the spontaneous combustion of a mood or a temperament that needs no outside conditions to start its fire; it burns because it is

its nature to burn and everything is food for its tongues of flame.

There are times when, merely in an acute form, it means only tired nerves, illness of body or of mind, a little touch of loneliness or the blues, the burden of anxiety and strain on the part of the wife or of financial pressure, worry, or business cares that fret and chafe on the part of the husband. Then it should be borne patiently, sweetly, soothingly, with gentle forbearing and forgiving

and forgetting as the mother bears the irritability and peevishness of a sick child. But if it becomes chronic it means wantonly killing the happiness of both.

Sometimes the wife, through her love and loyalty and with the best intentions, wounds and wearies her husband by her persistent remonstrances, entreaties, and pleading and complaints, bringing up constantly new arguments on the same old theme.

There are certain subjects upon which the two find they cannot agree, each new discussion intensifies misunderstandings, yet one or the other constantly reopens them. There should be an absolute quarantine on these topics; they should be consigned forever

to the realm of the unspoken, in the best interests of both.

There are some people who hoard up petty grievances as a miser does gold coins and take a strange satisfaction in turning them over and studying them in detail, giving them new dignity, power and exaggerated value. We should cultivate the talent for

fine forgetting, banishing forever the disagreeable from our life.

our speech and our thought, if experience shows it cannot be cured. If it can be cured it should be cured and—forgotten. We

never truly forgive if we let ghosts of regret haunt a memory.

Men and women who have nagging tempers are often blissfully unconscious of it. Were it called to their attention they

would in most cases file some alibi of explanation or interpretation that reveals their selfdelusion. The wife feels that she is a martvr,

forgets thatthat no one realizes how much she has to suffer—she

most of it is of her own creation. She may even wonder why

there is continuous discord in the home; she may recount her good

qualities and as she tearfully checks off the items vou may agree with her in every instance, but she somehow overlooks the fact that her tongue and her temper have made all these virtues count for nothing. The sterling qualities of 'her character simply intensify

the sadness of it all; the greater the value of a building and the

finer arrl richer its treasures the greater the loss when it is fed to the flames.

Th p husband mav expand hi<; chest as though it were covered

with medals when he tells ho.w bountifully he provides for the

LITTLE PROBLEMS OF MARRIED LIFE 431 home—why does he not provide happiness? He says he is strictly

does he not introduce this quality into his lantemperate—whyguage? He never smokes—why does he not realize it is no worse to

smoke than to fume? He never goes in bad company—why does

he not get away from himself occasionally? He is popular among

?men who know him—why does he not try to be popular at home

his home aHe is sucessful in business—why does he not make

success?

Constant faultfinding means death to the happiness of both.

It is hopelessly foolish, too, for no man or woman was ever converted from a fault, failing or weakness through nagging. It

rouses the worse side of human nature, stubbornness, bitterness, opposition; it never stimulates nor inspires the better side. Man

responds better to an ideal to live up to than an evil to live down.

Praise for good accomplishes more than blame for evil. If you

tell a child that she has beautiful hair and a little care will make it more beautiful you have touched through praise the secret spring of her pride. If you tell her constantly how horrid and disorderly

her hair looks she is apt to grow defiant, reckless and uncaring.

The same philosophy applies to us older folks.

Where there be any habit of husband or wife that displeases, a word of praise on some occasion where it seems mastered for the moment, spoken with no reference to its being an exception, may accomplish wonders by inspiring pride without wounding.

Nagging can only be cured in the individual by selfcontrol. It

must be mastered, or happiness and all hope of it will die. Love,

comradeship, conference and trust in married life will banish it and bring sweet peace, confidence and harmony in its stead.

["Talking Business Matters at Home"will be the next topic in this

series.]

Purity

Look not to lust, but hope and trust

That you may strength be given,

Both night and day, at work or play,

To live the laws of heaven;

Then, in the hour of Satan's power,

Your faith will never fail, But stronger grow, as on you go

To realms beyond the veil.

M. A. Stewart.

MESA. ARIZONA

A Little Lesson

A little more of kindness, a little less of self;

A little less of blindness, a little less of pelf;

A little more of striving to make a better plan;

A little less conniving to "beat"the other man;

A little less of grudging, a little squarer game,

A little less of smudging the other fellow's name.

A little less of shirking, a little less complaint,

A little more of working, a little more of Saint;

A little deeper thinking, a little keener sight;

A little less of shrinking from what we know is Right;

A little more decision, a little less of Fate;

A little clearer vision, a little less of Hate;

A little less of doubting, a little closer care;

A little less of shouting, a little more of Prayer;

A little less of shoving our fellowworkers, then,

A little more of loving, and we'd all be better men.

Lon J. Haddock.

UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE, LOGAN, UTAH

The Tired Mother (Selected)

They were talking of the glory of the land beyond the skies,

Of the light and of the gladness to be found in paradise,

Of the flowers ever blooming, of the neverceasing songs,

Of the wand'rings through the golden streets of happy, whiterobed throngs; And said father, leaning cozily back in his easy chair, (Father always was a masterhand for comfort everywhere):

"What a joyful thing 'twould be to know that when this life is o'er

One would straightway hear a welcome from the blessed, shining shore!"And Isabel, our eldest girl, glanced upward from the reed

She was painting on a water jug, and murmured: "Yes, indeed."

And Marian, the next in age, a moment dropped her book,'

And, "Yes. indeed!"repeated with a most ecstatic look;

But mother, grayhaired mother, who had come to sweep the room

With a patient smile on her thin lips, leaned lightly on her broomPoor mother! no one ever thought how much she had to do—

And said: "I hope it is not wrong not to agree with you,

But seems to me that when I die, before I join the blest,

I'd like just for a little while to lie in my grave and rest."—Harper's.

The Recall of Judges

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER

This subject is one which just now is made a political contention among the great political parties of the United States. It is

not from a partisan standpoint that I approach the subject in this article; it is rather historical and legal. There is perhaps no phase

of the political development of our country more interesting, from the standpoint of the historical, than that which relates to the proposed right of the people to turn a judge out of office after he has been duly elected and qualified. It may be said at the outset

that in no country in the world have the judges such farreaching and absolute powers as those exercised by the judiciary of the

United States. Let us see briefly how this has come about.

We adopted a Constitution and put it in writing. The avowed

purpose of that Constitution was to protect the people in fundamental rights against the encroachment and against the dangers of popular government, for popular government has its dangers.

When Congress, therefore, passed a law, the question sometimes arose whether it was in violation of constitutional rights. If such

a law did violate the Constitution it was evident that no part of our government was so well qualified to declare it unconstitutional as the judiciary. On the other hand, it was a very delicate matter

for one body of men, especially the judiciary, to turn down the legislature, a more numerous and altogether more imporant body in the government of our country. That is what the judiciary

practically had to do whenever it declared a law unconstitutional.

As such a power, however, was experimental, in the early history of our country, the judges exercised such a power in great moderation and with great reservation. They said, then, that the

court would not declare a law unconstitutional unless it were so palpably in violation of the fundamental law that no two reasonable men could have diverse opinions on that subject. In other

words, the court said, if we had been legislators we would consider the law unconstitutional; but, as there is some doubt on the question, we will give the legislature, or Congress, the benefit of that

doubt and not pronounce against the validity of an act of Congress.

In time the judges became less modest in the assertion of their powers, and judges took the bench who did not always make that fine discretion in favor of congressional enactments. The

result was that if the judges considered the preponderance of reason or the argument against the constitutionality of the law, they 434 IMPROVEMENT ERA

declared it invalid, even though there might be much said in favor of the view taken by Congress in the passage of the law.

Then we come to this anomalous situation, that the supreme court itself was divided as to whether the preponderance of reason or the argument was on the side of the constitutionality or unconstitutionality of the law. They were not asking themselves any more

whether it was so clearly unconstitutional that no two reasonable men could have any substantial differences of opinion on the question, and they gave Congress, therefore, no benefit of the doubt.

It may be said that the people of the United States, until recent years, have been measurably satisfied with the conduct of our courts. A few judges have been impeached by Congress, as

the Constitution provided; though judges were appointed for life,

Congress might turn them out of office when they were guilty of treason or other high crimes and misdemeanors. This provision of the Constitution, it will be seen, put restrictions upon the

judges by which they could be controled if they exercised their powers in an unconstitutional manner. There arose, in time, those

who believed that judges ought to be removed from their offices when they were guilty of questionable conduct, even though they could not be punished in a criminal court for what they had done.

They believed that judges might place themselves under obligations to money and other influences that would make it difficult, if not impossible, for judges to act in an impartial manner, and that the people should be permitted to say by a vote in an election called for that purpose, whether or not the judge should be turned out of his office.

Recently a judge of the United States has been impeached and by the judgment of the Senate lost his position. It is very

doubtful whether this judge who was impeached could be pun-'ished in a criminal court for any violation of the criminal law. In

dealing with this case, Congress brought to its assistance another provision of the Constitution than that which dealt with high crimes and misdemeanors. There is a provision that judges shall

hold their offices during good behavior, and this good behavior clause the Senate of the United States evidently thought was sufficient to oust Mr. Archbald from his judgeship.

It will be seen that we have broken away from the question as to whether high crime or misdemeanor must be proven against a judge before he can be ousted. He may lose his office, also, for

misbehavior, and that is a very general term, and enables Congress to say even in an indefinite manner whether a man is or is not fit to hold the office of a judge. The question now, as it touches the

political phase of the case, is whether Congress and the legislatures, shall determine the recall of the judges, or whether their recall shall be made or attempted by a vote of the people at large.

That is a political question which I may not here discuss.

"Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"

[This scholarly criticism by Dr. Webb, appeared in the Descret News, January

18, and has been corrected by the author for the Improvement Era. The editor of

The News introduced the article by the following note: "The author is a nonresident of Utah, and is not a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints. The article as received by The News was accompanied by the statement

that the author had written it upon his own initiative, without request or suggestion from any member of the Church, and solely because of his interest in the subject, to which his attention had been drawn by the publication of the pamphlet by Episcopal Bishop F. S. Spalding, and comments thereon."The Editors.]

-Similes in the Book of AbrahamA Critical Examination of the Fac

BY ROBERT C. WEBB, PH. D.

The title of this review is also the able to take his points, one by one, title of a pamphlet recently issued and analyze them. He lv.s given us,

by the Right Rev. F. S. Spalding, however, only a few extremely genBishop of Utah, "with the kind aseral criticisms, the common kernel of

sistance of capable scholars,"which which seems to be this, "Joseph Smith embodies a discussion of the ''Morcould have known nothing of Egypmon"prophet's abilities as a transtian drawings; therefore he knew

nothing."The scholars quoted evilator of ancient dcouments—including

the Book of'Mormon ("for the sake of dently do not consider the CAUSE light of his CELEBRE, Spalding VS. Smith, aargument")—in the

apparent failure to rightly inmatter of sufficient importance to terpret certain Egyptian drawings, warrant the giving of desirable details commonly included with, and bein their expert testimony, and, in lieu lieved to illustrate, the Book of of these essential and interesting facts,

Abraham. Joseph Smith's failure which should have beeen presented,

to interpret these drawings is, preseem inclined to fill valuable space sumably, established by the opinwith sundry expressions of contempt ions of several prominent Egyptologat the efforts of a nonprofessional ists, who have been consulted by translator.

Bishop Spalding. These authorities, All this is a genuine disappointment

while differing among themselves in to the candid reader, who, in view of some details, all join in stating that the promises made before publication,

Smith's interpretations are entirely had expected to find Smith's points wrong, and, in the words of one of discussed and attacked, one by one, their number a "farrago of nonsense."until all were disposed of. If possible,

This looks very like a final disproof one might then have presented availof the Prophet's claims, in this inable counterproofs and arguments in stance, at least, and has been received rebuttal. But, as it is, the prosecution

as such by a goodly portion of the rests its case on the reputations and public. standing of its witnesses, rather than

It is to be regretted that the Bishop's on what they have established as repamphlet is not in itself a more gards the matter at issue. Consescholarly production, showing eviquently, the argument of the defense

dences of some original research on the is entirely constructive.

matter in hand, in addition to the In view of all the adverse testimony opinions of the several scholars quotat hand, what may be said on the ed by him. We should then have been other side of the present controversy?

436 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Has the defense a "leg to stand on?"probably available to him, even had

Is there even a shadow of justification he wished to consult them. If, then,

for the traditional explanations of the he was right in one, or even several, plates in question, as offered by, or particulars, the fact may be explained attributed to Joseph Smith? In order by coincidence; if he is found to be

to determine these issues, it will be right in a majority of particulars in necessary for the defense to do what any given connection, it is clear that

Bishop Spalding or some one of his he must have been, at the least, an coterie of experts should have done unusually successful guesser.

at the start—take up each point in Again, we must carefully remember

order, examine Joseph Smith's ex-. that the point at issue in the present

planation, and determine, by research controversy is only the correctness of and reliance on the statements of comhis interpretation of the three plates petent scholars, precisely how far usually included with the text of the from, or how near to, the truth he Book of Abraham. No claim is made

has come in each and every case. That that any of the hieroglyphics here found

this is the proper course to follow is form an essential part of the revelaobvious when we consider that the tion to the "Father of the Faithful,"trouble seems to be, not that they which the book professes to embody.

have given the defense too much to In the case of the circular figure, answer, but that they have not given which our scholars agree in terming a enough. One and all they have said "hypocephalus,"or plate to be placed

far too little for the good of the under the head of a mummy, for cerBishop's cause. tain ceremonial reasons, Joseph Smith

In starting this discussion we must explicitly declares that the "writing bear in mind that, as emphasized by... cannot be revealed unto the

several of Bishop Spalding's "capable world;""ought not to be revealed at

scholars,"the science of Egyptology the present time;""will be given in the

began with Champollion's discovery of own due time of the Lord,"etc. He

the key to hieroglyphic writing in 1822. does not even state that he underFurthermore, we must not forget that stands them himself, or that he bethe results of his discovery were not lieves that he understands them. In

available to the world until the period, the third plate, also, he attempts no 183641, when his grammar was in direct translation, except to state thai course of publication. It is evident, the name of "Shulem"is "represented

then, as pointed out by Dr. Breasted, by the characters above his hand."

"that if Joseph Smith could read anOn the showing in this matter, we cient Egyptian writing, his ability may safely assert that, had Smith to do so had no connection with the been the sort of person many of his decipherment of hieroglyphics by critics would have us believe, he would

European scholars."Consequently, if probably have "rushed in"where even

Smith be found correct in more than scholars "fear to tread,"and given one or two minor particulars, which us some "translation,"or other that should be evident to anyone, the inmight have been easily discredited on ference is that his claim to extrascientific examination. Particularly

ordinary guidance seems in way to evident does this conclusion seem in confirmation. view of the statement of Prof. Petrie

If we find him right in any one or in his "Abydos"(vol. 1) that the inseveral essential particulars, such fact scriptions on hypocephali are commonmay not be consistently explained by ly so confused, erratic and uncertain

his wide reading on Egyptian subjects, that consistent translations may not since most of the matters at issue be attempted. It is curious, indeed,

were very imperfectly understood and that the very class of inscriptions presented in his day, also, few, if any, found difficult by scholars should of the best books then current wer have been declared by Joseph Smith "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'437

to contain hidden and mystical matrepresents "an embalmer preparing a ters that should not be declared to the body for burial."The others seem

world. similarly opinioned, Dr. Bissing adding,

Several significant statements are however, that ''the soul is leaving the made regarding these plates. Dr. body in the moment when the priest is

Peters calls them "very poor imitaopening the body with a knife for tions of Egyptian originals, apparently mummification."None of these eminnot of any one original, but of Egypent authorities suggests that the

tian originals in general."Dr. Breastdrawing has been altered. Dr. Lythgoe

ed asserts that "these three facsimiles of New York, however, as reported... depict the most common objects in an interview in the NEW YORK

in the mortuary religion of Egypt."TIMES (Dec. 29, 1912.) asserts that

We may admit, after examination of the knife in the hand of the standing the usual line of Egyptian drawings, figure has been added, and, also, that as found in numerous works in our this figure is "shown with a human great libraries, that Plates 1 and 3 and strangely unEgyptian head,"in do not represent the highest reach of place of the jackal head of Anubis,

Egyptian art, or of art after the which he thinks was in the original.

Egyptian style. However, that they This latter defect might be attributed

are taken from originals, either to the unskilfulness of the original

Egyptian, or after the Egyptian style, engraver, who worked without the there seems to be no question among help of photography, and has alour commentators. There is one point ready been roundly blamed for "ignorthat must be emphasized, however, ant copying"of the hieroglyphics.

and this is that, unless these drawings These slight variations of opinion, have been altered in several essential while in no way impugning the auparticulars, either in the process of thority of any of these eminent transferring them to the printing scholars, may reasonably be accepted blocks, or at some other time, they as presumptive evidence that the plate, do not represent the common run of as shown in the Book of Abraham, is illustrations in the Book of the Dead, not familiar to Egyptologists, and that the best known, and most typical of no duplicate is known. There are

Egyptian mortuary papyri. If there is numerous representations of Anubis,

no evidence that they were not alter- "protector of the dead,"standing beed in copying, there is also no evidence side the corpse or mummy on its to assert, howthat they were so altered. Consequentbier. It may be safe

ly, it seems logical to consider them ever, that, in all such drawings, Anubis precisely as they are. This, indeed, is is shown in the conventional manner,

all that can be done in the present having a jackal's head with elongatdiscussion, since any arguments based ed snout, never with a human head.

on presumed alterations would probFurthermore, in all such scenes, the ably be rejected by the Latterday dead lies in perfectly composed posiSaints; while the claim that these piction, also flat upon the couch, any

tures may be in their original form such elevation of the limbs, or raising seems to be assumed by the Bishop's of the body, as is shown in the Book

Abraham plate, being entirely unpanel of "capable scholars."Of

known. It is evident that the position

FACSIMILE NO. 1. of the limbs, and of the body led Dr.

In the discussion of the first of Breasted to believe the scene to reprethese plates in Bishop Spalding's sent the resurrection of Osiris.

pamphlet, there is a slight variation That the picture indicates a person of opinion among the experts. Thus dead, about to die, or in the act of

Prof. Petrie calls the scene "Anubis rising from the dead, seems demonpreparing the body of the dead man."strated, and on this point all explanaDr. Breasted calls it "Osiris rising from tions agree. But before proceeding to a

the dead."Dr. Peters declares that it discussion of the explanation given in

438 IMPROVEMENT ERA

just such for basis the furnish jections of Abrathe Book with connection of claims the into inquiry a careful as to inquire to order ham, it is in precisely what reference is made to Joseph Smith as Latterday Saints are this picture in the text. Here Abraham constantly inviting.

is represented as saying: Briefly expressed, the findings of the

"And it came to pass that the priests Egyptologists, as given in the laid violence upon me, that they might Spalding pamphlet, agree in the stateLib- Elkenah, of "gods that the ment altar; this upon slay me are Korash"and nah, Mahmackrah of a the form after made It was... for conpots"the merely "mummy the among had as was such bedstead,

Chaldeans, and it stood before the taining the viscera of the deceased, as shown in innumerable Egyptian death MahmackLibnah, of Elkenah, gods like unto scenes, and that the presence of the a god and also rah, Korash, the heads on the covers—the hawk, that of Pharaoh, king of Egypt. jackal, the cynocephalus and the man understandan have you may "That to posterior period far a—indicates given you I have gods, of these ing lifetime. words of In the Abraham's at figures in the of them fashion the NEW the beginning, which manner of the Dr. Lythgoe, as quoted in the interview, there were figures is called by the Chaldeans, YORK TIMES

three distinct stages in the developRahleenos, which signifies hieroment of these mummy pots. "In the

glyphics. when Egyptian art consisted This passage may be interpreted to earliest,

signify that the representation is ideof things made from Nile mud, the jars had ordinary flat lids. Afterward ographic, rather than literal. The sevthey contained the head of a single eral idols are disposed beneath the

human as a stock design for the lid, couch, or altar, rather than in the and afterward the heads of the four position indicated in the text, which sons of the mythological god Horus specifies that this altar "stood before appeared on the lids."These facts led

the gods."If, then, we are to underDr. Lythgoe to place the date of the stand that this figure constitutes an Book of Abraham picture in the third hieroglyphic ideogram, it is perfectly

period of development, which should consistent to see the representation of fall somewhere after 3 400 B. C. sacriattempted sacrifice—or identity history of these and As the for positions shown herefice—ina humanthe to are important four sons of Horus all elements of the picture, the gods

this discussion, the following (quotabeing shown in the most available tion from Dr. Budge (Book of theempty space in the drawing.

Dead) may be given here: However, reasonable as this explanation appears, and consistent with the "The four children of Horus are

text, as it seems to be, there are sevnamed Hapi, Tuamautef, Amset, Qeberal real difficulties in the way of sennuf. The deceased is called their

proposing it as an immediate solution father. His two arms are identified

of the matter. In other words, sundry with Hapi and Tuamautef, and his two

in legs, with Amset and Qebsennuf; andobjections—well founded enough

themselves, and not of necessity hostile when he entered into SekhetAanru [the Field of Aanru flowers, the Islandsin character—must be met and considered on their merits. These objections of the Blessed] they accompanied him

have been made, as all know, by as guides, and went in with him, two recognized authorities on Egyptology; on each side. They took all hunger and

men who have devoted careful attenthirst from him, they gave him life in tion to Egyptian drawings and inscripheaven and protected it when given.

tions, who are recognized authorities... Originally they represented the

in their field, and who, in addition, four pillars which support the sky, or have no immediate interest in any conHorus. Each was supposed to be lord

troversy between the "Mormons"and of one of the quarters of the world, and other bodies. Furthermore, these obfinally became the god of the cardinal

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'439

point. Hapi was the god of the North the figures"is hieroglyphical, signifyTuamautef was the god of the East. ing, possibly, symbolic.

Amset was the god of the South. QebAccording to the accepted Biblical

sennuf was the god of the West. In the chronology, Abraham visited Egypt in

xviiith Dynasty the Egyptians originatthe latter part of the nineteenth cened the custom of embalming the intestury B. C, although some modern histines of the body separately, and they torians have placed the date several

placed them in four jars, each of which centuries earlier. It has been believed,

was devoted to the protection of one however, that he was in Egypt in the of the children of Horus, that is to the early centuries of the Hyksos dominacare of one of the gods of the cardinal tion, which would probably place the points. The god of the North protected date later than 2100 B. C, and earlier

the small viscera. The god of the East than 1700 B. C. This latter supposition

protected the heart and lungs. The god would seem to account for his hospitof the South protected the stomach able reception by the Pharaoh of the

and small intestine. The god of the time, also, in part, for the numerous

West protected the liver and gall bladAbraham legends found among Semitic der."peoples and in the Koran. It is possiThis quotation suffices to show that ble, also, on the basis of certain histhese four "canopic deities"possessed toric testimony, to hold that Joseph,

attributes quite above and independent who probably came to Egypt about two of the somewhat ignoble duty of furcenturies later than Abraham, took nishing convenient receptables for conservice under one of the later Hyksos taining the entrails of the mummied kings. The overthrow of the Hyksos,

dead. They were, in fact, as the gods and the incoming of the Eighteenth

of the four quarters, also typical of the Dynasty under Aahmes, would seem peoples of the four quarters; hence of to correspond to the accession of the

the world in general, outside as well "Pharaoh that knew not Joseph."

as inside of Egypt: that the text of According to the testimony of an-

"Abraham"mentions the "idolatrous tiquity, and of the Oriental World, god of Pharaoh,"as distinct from these Abraham was a very important person;

four is interesting. Whatever the aunot only beloved of God, but also very

thor of the Book of Abraham intended great among men. The belief, then,

to indicate by calling these gods by that he was held in such high esteem the names of Elkenah, Libnah, Mahamong the Egyptians, that a cult was mackrah, and Korash is not clear, but, formed to represent him or his reported on any hypothesis it is possible to hold teachings may be ranked among tolthat they are typical of the "gods of erable hypotheses. That he should have

the nations round about,"the tutewritten a book, embodying his religious laries of several definite tribes, one loand other beliefs, or that such a book cated, perhaps, in the Biblical town of should have been produced and atLibnah. The eclectic priesthood that tributed to him, are among the possiworshipped them, also worshipped the bilities. Provided that these supposicrocodile god of Egypt, thus forming a tions are in any sense correct, such a

pantheon by no means unusual in anbook might have come to be so highly cient times, when the rule was for one esteemed, for its holiness, even for nation to identify the gods of others supposed "magical potency,"among with members of its own company of pome portions of the Egyptian populadeities, or even to adopt the gods of tion, at least, that it would have been foreigners. Had any such document as buried with their dead, as was the

the Book of Abraham been found and. Book of the Dead, the Sorrows of Isis

translated by scholars, some such line and Nephthys, and other mortuary volof reasoning would probably have been umes.

followed, in view, particularly, of the That the Book of Abraham purports direct statement that the "manner of to be such a work is shown by the ac440 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cepted account of its finding and transday. The same remark may be made

lation. According to Joseph Smith's concerning the third plate, and the

own story, the papyrus on which the many difficulties suggested by scholars three plates under consideration ap-..re thus explained.

peared was found upon a mummy purNor does this theory seem wholly abchased from a Mr. Chandler, who had s 'rd, in view of the fact that such an

had it on exhibition at various places. attempted sacrifice as is described in

Chandler had come to the Prophet askconnection with the first plate, or such ing for assistance in translating court scene as is alleged to be repthe "hieroglyphic figures and de- i sented by the third plate, might very vices,"and later gave him a let- "-adily have been confused with the ter stating that his interpreta-,,n ore familiar "embalming"or "resurtions agreed with those given by "c ction,''on the one hand, and "Osiris the "most learned"of several cities 'idging the dead,"or "Osiris receiving 'doration,''on the other."in the most minute matters."Subsequent to the purchase of Chandler's If, in addition to these evident occa-

c ons of misunderstanding, the hieromummies and papyri by "some of the saints at Kirtland,"Joseph Smith set "lyphic writing expressed, not Egyphimself industriously to the task of tian, but Semitic, words—the language

translation. He records that "with W. r f Abraham, in fact—the confusion in

W. Phelps and Oliver Cowdery as the mind of the scribe would seem to

scribes, I commenced the translation of have been nearly inevitable. Assuming,

some of the characters or hieroglyphics, pven if only "for the sake of arguand much to our joy, found that one of ment,"as Bishop Spalding has done in the rolls contained the writings of another matter mentioned in his pamAbraham, another the writings of Jophlet, that Joseph Smith reallv transseph of Egypt."The Book of Joseph, lated the papyrus in his hand, the hypoit would appear ras never given to thesis assuming a Semitic dialect, writthe world. ten in hieroglyphics, seems reasonable

Some of the Latterday Saints seem from his use of several Semitic words to have believed that the papyri in—Kolob, etc., which Dr. Sayce assures

question represented the actual autops "are unknown to the Egyptian langraphic work of Abraham and Joseph guage."It also explains the confident

that the hand of Abraham had pressed manner in which he ascribes the use the very papyrus handled by Joseph of such Semitic words to the Egyptians.

Smith. Such a conclusion, however, Furthermore, if the second figure,

does not seem to be involved in the the "hypocephalus,"be claimed as origtext of Smith's account, and need not; nal with the author of the Book of

be considered authoritative. Smith un- \braham, the subsequent use oi predoubtedly believed that the documents cisely similar charts for mortuary purin his hands were books written by noses would seem to add new weight to

Abraham and Joseph, but he does not (he hypothesis that the book in quesstate that they might not have been tion was familiar in some quarters;

copies of the originals. Assuming, then, 'ence that the hypocephalus came into

that he made a correct translation, its known historical use because of the through superhuman guidance, or < vident mystical significance of its sevotherwise, the criticisms alleging dates eral figureelements.

later than Abraham's time are effectAlthough this explanation of the matually answered. The copyist of some ter can be expected to carry no very

later day, finding images of the "Canostrong presumption of probability to the pic gods,"or of any similar animal- '-finds of Egyptologists, who will probheaded gods for that matter, shown ably continue to regard Smith's ex- "after the manner of hieroglyphics,"as planations as quite in line with those of previously stated, naturally disposed Athanasius Kirscher, the immensely them in the order most familiar in his learned Jesuit of the seventeenth cen- "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'441

tury, or of Dr. Adolph Seyffarth. whose sistent on the supposition that the

scheme for interpreting hieroglyphics scene is one from the Book of the Dead, harl its partisans, even after the acor some other mortuary work of the curacy of Champollion's conclusions Egyptians, although the form and posihad been accepted, the fact that Jotion of the figure differ widely from seph Smith actually gave the true and conventional usage. The "hawk of

subsequentlyascertained meaning to a Horus,"usually considered as a repvery large proportion of the objects, resentation of Isis, who, according to which he professed to describe, is a the fable, gave birth to Horus in the fact demanding some comment other form of a hawk, is often shown in ridicule.than mortuary pictures, but usually appears Turning now from consideration of

standing upright, with folded wing*,the standing and reclining figures, at the head of the bier, while the godabout which there seems to be a very dess Nephthys, also in hawk form,pronounced difference of opinion, also stands in similar pose at the foot. Thefrom the "gods of the four quarters,"

hawk in the air, or in flight, is conwhose association with mummy pots ventionally represented side on, withseems to constitute a very evident loss wings on the down stroke, extendingof caste in the minds of most observbeneath its body. In this form Isis mayers, we may take up the other matters

occasionally be identified in the deathin turn. Thus, we see the crocodile, chamber, but very usually in company

like the other "gods"beneath the with Nephthys. Furthermore, the con-

"altar."His presence there might be ventional representation of the "soul

interpreted to signify the evil genius flying away in the form of a bird"who ever lay in wait to deprive the dead shows a human head on its shoulders, of his "magical 'power of coming safeand the wings similarly on the down ly into the presence of the gods of stroke. So much for the conventional

Amenti (the Netherworld), and of surmanner of representing the flying bird viving their judgments. Such a reprein such connections.

sentation of the crocodile is undoubtedly a part of his functions as the God On the supposition of one of the

Sebek, a form of Ra, as indicating the critics that this plate has been altered, "destroying power of the sun,"and and that a "human and strangely unwho was worshiped in Egypt as far Egyptian head"has been drawn on the back as the time of the xiiith standing figure, which he calls "AnDynasty. "There may have been a ubis,"it is strange that the bird is

time,"says Dr. Charles K. C. Davis, changed in no particular. The ascribe!

"when he was worshiped throughout character of an angel would undoubtedEgypt, but in the GraecoRoman period ly have seemed to demand the change he was a local deity so disliked in most of the head, or of the whole body, fohuman form. Had aparts of Egypt that the Arsinoite nome, that matter, to

where he was worshipped, does not aphuman head appeared in the original, pear in the geographical lists."the change to the bird head is not to be

Another notable figure in this plate considered. Here, it would undoubtedis the flying bird, marked 1. Joseph ly have appeared, was an angel in the

Smith calls it "the angel of the Lord,"proper traditional form, no change bebut it is notable that it is not identiing demanded to fit the description. If

fied with a dove, or other sacred emthe bird was drawn in upon the original it, the reablem. The authorities quoted in Spaldscene, which did not show

ing's pamphlet call this figure "the sons for not inserting some figure like hawk of Horus"; "a bird, in which an angel, instead, must seem obscure.

form Isis is represented"; "the soul In view, however, of its decidedly unit seems allowappearance, Egyptian a of form the in away (Kos) flying interpretation that + he to state able the of shape in the "the soulbird";

bird,"and "Isis."Any one of these exmaking this figure to indicate the

planations is perfectly logical and con- "Angel of the Lord"has quite as great 442 IMPROVEMENT ERA

presumption of proDability as any of as a cow, whose four legs, like the the other proposed. explanations. foui limbs of the human Noot, form

The figure marked 10 in this plate, the pillars of heaven. In one familiar

and evidently a votive table, is, for hieroglyphic ideogram for the sky or apparently obscure reasons, said to the heavens, Noot is shown bending as signify "Abraham in Egypt."But this ahovn described, over symbols of the

interpretation will be discussed in conair and earth. Also, as shown in

nection with Plate 3, where it is reChampollion's Dictionary, two squared, peated. or rectangular, hoops, the one within

We find the number 11 attached to a the other, indicate the sky, or the panel of apparently haphazard lines heavens.

and rectangles, and indicating the The Canopic Gods, as the four pillar?

interpretation, "designed to represent of heaven, are sometimes represented the pillars of heaven, as understood by ideographically by four perpendicular the Egyptians."While the Egyptians lines, each an elongated "Y."Some

did not "understand"so many "pillars suggestion of such an ideogram occurs of heaven"as are apparently shown at the right end of this panel. Similar

here, we find several interesting coinperpendicular lines, surmounted by a bowshaped curve, form the traditional cidences of shape, if nothing more, ideogram for "rain,""storm,"etc., the with certain pictures and ideograms

bow indicating the sky. Some of these having meanings similar to those men-

"correspondences"seem interesting. tioned in this explanation. For example,

The section marked 12 is explained near the left end of this panel we find a fairly good diagram of one of the as indicating "the firmament over our heads,... the heavens."Although several traditional representations of

the symbolism is not clear, the crocothe construction of the heavens. But

for the broken lines in the print, we dile figure is in the correct surroundings, if we understand it to indicate should see here three squared hoops or Sebek, "a form of Ra (the Sun God) rectangles, the second within the first and the destroying power of the sun;"and the third within the second. This is

for such was the "idolatrous god of a fairly correct diagram of the GodPharaoh"at an early Egyptian period. dess Noot bending over the earth, her Perhaps the animalheaded idols alsobody unnaturally elongated to form originally, appeared also, in heav- "the

the sky, and her feet and hands ens."This for would account the

resting upon the ground. Along fusion,"which ultimately resulted''conin

her belly the sun daily moves their transfer to places "beneath the from east to west. Beneath her is altar."Accoiding to the Book, Abraanother shorter figure smaller and in ham must have derived some idea that

is similar pose, believed to repwhich these "gods"were real existences, resent the night sky, along whose even if "false"objects of worship; body the moon travels nightly in preand "the heavens"usually house all cisely similar fashion. Below ibis fig- "gods."

ure again, and within the arch formed by her body, stands yet a third, Shu, FACSIMILE NO. 2.

the brother of Noot and god of the The consideration of Joseph Smith's air, whose task it is to uphold his interpretations of the second plate of sister in her rather uncomfortable pothe series repeals several surprising sition. He is represented as standing facts. Indeed, while one mast feel

somewhat impossibly, upon his feet obliged to consider respectfully the and shoulders, while his head and neck statements of Egyptologists touching lie along the ground to the front ot the details of this plate, their comhis body, and his arms to the rear. mon conclusion that Smith's explanaThis fantastic group shows one traditions are all wrong seems very illtional Egyptian concept of the heavfounded, ana may be questioned.

ens and of the "pillars of heaven."In All our authorities agree in calling

another figure the sky is represented this figup a "hypocephalus,"which is "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"443

to say, a disk drawn on papyrus, enbe demanded by the directions touchameled fabric, metal or clay, and ing amulets, etc., in the Book of the

placed beneath the mummy's head in Dead. It may be admissible, there-

a late period of Egyptian history. fore, to hold that such disks had

These hypocephali are frequently reoriginally some significance independferred to as "magical disks,"and ent of mortuary use, and that they their assumed effect has been stated came to be used for the purpose specito have been "to prevent the loss of fied for certain reasons—including

the mummy's head,""to keep the deprobably the presence of the cow figceased warm in the Netherworld,"etc. ure—that are not wholly apparent,

Regarding the origin of these disks even after exhaustive research.

or the interpretation of their inscripThe general appearance of the drawtions, scholars are very uncertain. ing would seem to suggest an astroProf. Petrie says ("Abydos,"vol. 1): nomical or astrological diagram, al-

"The latter [inscriptions] are hopethough the disposition of the several lessly confused; many of the groups figures, mostly familiar in Egyptian

of signs having but a faint resembart and religion, might warrant the lance, if any, to known words. Alconclusion that the real ultimate

though there are some thirty specimens meaning is properly esoteric, intrain the various museums, a comparison temple or sacerdotal. As the secret

of these... does not help much in lore of the Egyptians was evidently

their decipherment; and it would committed to writing very seldom, if

therefore be very undesirable to offer ever, it is not remarkable that Egypeven a conditional translation tologists must base their explanations

The hypocephalus appears to have had largely upon exoteric, extratemple its origin in connection with chapter and popular sources of information.

clxii of the Book of the Dead. From Hence many theories on these matters

the rubric of this chapter we learn may be regarded as insufficient and that the figure of the cow Hathor tentative, because they leave so much was to be fashioned in gold, and placed still to be explained. The theory of

upon the neck of the mummy; and that an origin and significance for hypoanother was to be drawn upon papycephali, independent of mortuary use,

rus, and placed under the head, the successfully evades the inferences of idea being to give 'warmth to the Dr. Breasted's criticism, that these

deceased in the Underworld. After drawings "did not appear in any Egypthe eighteenth dynasty the cowamu- tian burials until over a thousand

let fell into disuse, and the drawing years after the time of Abraham."

upon papyrus developed into the hyThe date of their origin may be held pocephalus, upon which the cow alto be quits as uncertain as their origways remained an important figure. inal significance.

Papyrus was almost entirely abandThe majority of known hypocephali oned in favor of more durable material, conform in general details with the such as linen, stucco, and rarely second plate of the Book of Abraham.

bronze. The fashion, however, was The common, hence, apparently, the

not longlived, and did not survive the essential features are those designated fall of the thirtieth dynasty."here by the figures, 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 22, 23.

This theory, which may be held to in space 3 several hypocephali have two explain, in part at least, the mortuary boats, the one above the other. In space

use of hypocephali, because of the 7 an attenuated ramphant animal figpresence of the "cow of Hathor"as an ure with a long tail, commonly identi- "important figure."probably would fied with Nehebka, the serpent god, apnot be urged as a fall solution for pears on some examples, instead of thethe origin and entire significance of one shown in the Book of Abraham

this type of document. The cow figure diagram. Other hypocephali show the

is obviously no more prominent than seated figure, 7, close to the circumcircle, with no several others, which do m t seem to ference of the inner 444 IMPROVEMENT ERA

other figure in front of it. Some have The doublefaced figure is, also, priseveral cynocephali in addition to 22 marily, a representation of Ra, the

and 23, usually four more, making six Sun God, and is so drawn to combine in all; these occupying the spaces to his two personified aspects, Khephera,

the right and left here filled with hierothe morning, or rising, sun, and Tmu, glyphics. In several, also, additional the evening, or setting, sun. Commentfigures are drawn behind the Canopic ing on a hypocephalus showing a figGods, shown at 6. What these variaure at 2 very similar to the one shown

tions may signify it is, of course, imhere, Prof. Petrie remarks: "At the

possible to determine. Egyptologists top is the double god, who personified

agree fairly well, however, as to the the rising and setting sun."On this

identity of most of the figures, alshowing it is reasonable to conclude though the meaning of the whole may that the doublefaced figure at 1 also not yet have been decided upon. represents the sun, or a sun, having its

The explanations of this chart or rising and setting. This conclusion bediagram in connection with the Book comes all the more probable in view of

of Abraham, it is desirable to emthe presence of the two cynocephali, 22 phasize, deals solely with the picand 23. Dr. Petrie ("Abydos,"vol. i),

torial elements. No interpretation of commenting on a hypocephalus also

the inscriptions is offered. The comcontaining only two such figures, says

ment in reference to 8, "writing that "Two small apes, the final degradation cannot be revealed unto the world; of the eight adoring cynocephali [who

but may be had in the Holy Temple are often shown greeting the rising of God,"is reasonable, in view of the sun] may be noticed. These represent

probably esoteric significance of the the four primeval pairs of gods of drawing, as already suggested. The exchaos, called collectively

... Figures such asplanation of the diagrams as astrono- 'KHEMENU.'

mical or cosmological agrees very these are to be found on nearly all closely with the findings of scholars, known hypocephali, however erratic even as stated in the Spalding pamthe inscriptions."

phlet. Herein, indeed, is the most notThese cynocephali are pictured in reable example of the fact that too litpresentations of the rising sun shown

tle, and not too much, has been said:r numerous papyri of the Book of the

in the controversy. Dead. A common device shows the risThe central figure, numbered 1, eviing sun supported by a pair of arms

dently doublefaced, seated and holdstarting from the tau cross (the crux ing some form of sceptre or symbolic ansata,) or ''symbol of life"(ANKH,) staff in the outstretched right had, which, in turn, is supported on a ribdiffers from the figure occupying the bed pillar (TAT,) the "symbol of same position in other hypocephali. In Osiris,''the God, or King of the

general, this central figure is shown Netherworld. Isis and Nephthys, in

with four heads or faces, two looking either human or symbolic form, kneel each way, and appears to warrant the at the base of the column, while the explanation of Dr. Petrie that it incompany of cynocephali, sometimes

dicates the fourram-headed god of six, sometimes seven, occasionally

Memphis, a form of Ra, the Sun God, eight, the "transformed openers of the whose heads indicate "the spirits of eastern portals of heaven,"follow the the four elements, RA (fire,) SHU sun upward, "raising their hands in (air,) GEB (earth,) and USAR adoration."

(water,)"supposed to be united in Such examples show that these him. Since. however, the figure cynocephali, whatever their original

under consideration evidently does signification, are the proper tradinot show four heads of rams or other tional companions and worshippers of beings, and is evidently doublefaced the sun. On hypocephali, however,

only, it is reasonable to conclude that these apes are shown with globes or some different explanation must apply disks upon their heads, which is a here. notable departure from the common

'JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"445

line of drawings showing them with in the explanation given by Joseph the rising sun. The figurative signiSmith.

ficance of the globe, or disk, upon the The figure marked 5 is called in the head of a figure, or in inscriptions, is Book of Abraham caption, "one of that of the sun or moon. In this case the governing planets.... said

the disks evidently rest upon an arcby the Egyptians to be the sun."The

shaped base, strongly suggestive of the agreement among Egyptologists is horned moon, and presenting a very that it represents the "cow of Hathor,"good reproduction of the hieroglyphic which identification is evidently based ideogram for moon, which is so writon the assumption, as above noted, ten. Unless, therefore, we quite misthat the hypocephalus originated in

understand the significance of Egypobedience to the directions of the tian symbolism, it seems probable Book of the Dead specifying an amulet that these ape figures, crowned with for the dead shaped like a cow. By

disks or globes, indicate moons or itself, this figure might be held to satellites of some sun or planet, which signify any one of several different they are following "adoringly."It is possible symbols. In juxtaposition with

clear, therefore, that, whatever else the four Canopic Gods (6) in front, may be imphed in this figure, we and the curious figure, apparently have here some one of the numerous feminine, to the rear, there is a strong forms of Ra, which is to say the sun, suggestion of a mystic group appearor a sun, with his accompanying ing in several papyri of the Book of

KHEMENU, or else planets or moons. the Dead. In this group as shown, for

The explanation given in connection example in the Papyri of Ani and of with this figure is that it indicates Henefer, the UZAT eye, the eye of "Kolob, signifying the first creation, Horus, is mounted on a pedestal imnearest to the Celestial."The mediately in front of the recumbent

form of this word would seem to figure of "the great cow Mehurit, the

Eye of Ra."To the rear of Mehurit,suggest a Tamitic etymology, akin,

perhaps, to the Hebrew word KALAB, again, is a group showing the Canopic a dog; whence, possibly, Sirius, the Gods standing at the four corners of

Dogstar, so called. According to a tomb, or funeral chest, from which

the further explanation, it gives emerges the form of the divine Ra, life,light to the sun and other bodies, holding the ANKH, the symbol of through the medium of 2 2 and 2 3, in each hand. Undoubtedly, the group

which are called, collectively, Hahthus described shows the sun under kokau-beam. This curious word is three different mythological, or

also Hebrew, although judging from esoteric, similitudes. In the present diathe spelling, the pronunciation is exgram the UZAT eye serves as the entire

pressed, rather than the direct transface of the female figure standing beliteration. It is the Hebrew, KOKOB, a hind the cow, which, in turn, looks tostar, KOKOBIM, stars; the syllable ward the Canopic Gods.

HAH, representing the definite artiIn the curious symbolism of the ancle, whence, "the stars."cient Egyptians some phase of sun lore

By a similar line of argument, as alseems to emerge from benlnd nearlv ready noted in the quotation from every one of their greatest gods. ConProf. Petrie, the figure marked 2 may sidering their pantheon as a finished

also be found to indicate the sun, or whole, it may be said that they wor- a sun, also having his rising and shipped the sun under manifold forms, setting. Provided that this body be and that they worshipped a mysterious

visible from the earth, or any other hidden supreme God through the visiplanet, for that matter, the statement ble medium of the sun. Thus, Ra and

is obviously correct. On the whole, the Horus both indicate the sun. Horus

inclusion of two separate figures, each is the youthful or rising sun. also the

is, evidently indicating a sun, may be sky, as previously suggested. He

held to imply that they are too sepamythologically speaking, distinct from rate bodies, which is what is stated Ra, who is generally considered as the 446 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Sun God proper. As the sky god, known, except when in combination

Horus is represented as saying in a with others."Prof. Adolf Erman

certain ritual hymn, "I am Horus, and ("Handbook of the Egyptian Religion")

I come to search for mine eyes."In calls him "the ancient Memphite god

a similar poem, he is paid to regain of the dead."Broderick and Morton

his eye, the sun, at the dawn of day. ("Dictionary of Egyptian ArchaeolThe Goddess Hathor also figures in ogy") state that, "he was the sun

the sun cycle as the sky at dawn, god at one time, and his emblem (a from which association is derived her sparrow hawk) was carried around at character as the Goddess of love and festivals in the sacred bark called beauty—she is known to the Hebrew HENNU. The great festival of SoScriptures as Ashtoreth. Her original karis was held at Memphis in conform seems to have been that of a cow, nection with the winter solstice. To

the memory of which was always rehim, it seems, especially belonged the tained in the horns shown on her fourth and fifth hours of the night, coiffure or head dress. The heifer through which Ra, the Sun, nightly

Mehurit, or Mehurt, is sometimes idenpassed on his journey from sunset to tified with the cow Hathor, sometimes, dawn. He is represented as a mummy

with Noot, who, as already explained, with a hawk's head."Easily the most

is often represented in the form of a familiar form of Sokar is in the triune cow. In both cases the cow is said to deity, PtahSeker-Ausar (Osiris), thu

represent the sky at dawn, when the god of the resurrection, who seems to sun is born of his mother Noot; or have combined the attributes of the

else "that part of the sky where the ancient gods, Ptah and Seker, with sun is;"hence, by no very remote figthose of Osiris. Ptah is an ancient

ure, the sun himself. In brief, this form of the supreme god of the Egypfigure, "is said by the Egvptlans to be tians. Sokar himseir, like Horus,

the sun."seems to be the god of the sun or of

The group marked 6 evidently picthe sky, or firmament, both material tures the four Canopic Gods, the chiland eternal.

dren of Horus, who, as already stated, Whether, or not, this figure indicates represent the four cardinal points. The any particular god or sacred symbol of

sole difference between this statement the divine is eveidently uncertain. "We

and that given in the Book of Abramay assert, however, that the boat is ham caption, "represents the earth in merely the "skyboat"of sun and its four quarters,"is precisely the difmoon deities in general, while, except ference between moving around an for the spread wings, the bird figure arc on the circumference of a circle closely approximates the hieroglyphic and cutting across a chord. ideogram for birds in general. That it

The figure marked 4 in the plate is indicates sme reference to the sky, or explained as the "expanse, or the the "expanse of the heavens,"is evifirmament of the heavens."Comdent.

menting on a precisely similar retire The explanation of this figure 4 adds on a hypocephalus described and figfurther, "also a numerical figure in ured in his "Abydos,"Prof. Petrie Egyptian, signiying one thousand."It

calls it "Horus."In the Spalding is a curious fact that one having "no

pamphlet, however, Prof. von. Bissing connection with.... European

identifies it with "the God Sokar in scholars"should have suspected that the Sacred Boat"(misprinted "Book"). any numeral whatever was indicated

Both identifications have good authorby this figure. It is well to note, howity. If it is Horus, however, the case ever, that the "HENNU"boat indiis clear; if Sokar, we must inquire recates a million, a million years, rather

garding his 'history and significations. than a thousand.

Sokar, Sokaris or Seker was a very The explanation of the figure ancient deity, "of whom very little is marked 7 is given in the words, "rep- "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"447

resents God sitting upon his throne, hypocephalus. There is, however, no

also the sign of the Holy obvious reason for changing from

Ghost in the form of a dove."The the phallic to the nonphallic characanalysis of this group is very nearly ter, it"we consider this only one of a

the most interesting of any on the engenera] run of Egyptian documents.

tire plate. In virtually all "hypoOn the other hand, there is a very

cephali"examined the space corregood and sufficient reason for making sponding to this group is occupied the change from such a group as this by a seated winged figure, before to the phallic character, if the interwhich, in general, stands the phallic pretation offered by Joseph Smith is in serpent "Nehebka,"as already sugany sense correct. Smith called this

gested, holding the UZAT eye in outseated figure "God sitting upon his stretched hands. The figure called throne,"hence the Creator of the uni-

"Nehebka,"however, is radically difverse. According to tne conception

ferent from the one shown in the evidently held by him, and, presumpresent plate, the only common point, ably also, by the original compiler of in addition to the position, is the sathis group, the Almighty Creator opercred eye held before the face of the ates by virtue of a word of power.

seated figure. In another point this To the Egyptian artist, the symbol of

group differs from other"hypocephali"creative power is the phallic symbol.

examined, and that is in the presence Hence, knowing, perhaps, that this of the prayer table here shown. This group represented God, he embelsign, a table surmounted by supplilished it according to one of the most

cating or adoring hands and arms, popular of Egyptian concepts, relating is always the sign of the presence of to the beginnings of things. The faGod, or of a god. miliar variation of this group adds

The group shown in the common strong presumption in favor of the run of hypocephali is evidently endescription given in Smith's caption.

tirely phallic, the seated figure being The presence of the UZAT eye in usually identified with the dual god, this group is also interesting. It is

HorusMin, who, in certain local cults, probably the commonest of all Egypcombines the offices and functions of tian symbols, both as a familiar eleHorus and a deity known as Min. ment in sacred pictures and sculpThis latter was, according to Egyptoltures, also as an amulet for the dead

ogists, originally a local god of the and the living. Originally, of course,

desert, and of strangers, in general. it indicates the sun, which is often

He is also identified with a deity called described as the "eye of Ra,"etc., as

Amsu. By other, or later, ascriptions, already suggested. In this sense, by a

he becomes identified with the creative poetic figure, understoood literally, it principle of nature, or the universal is also the eye of God, the allseeing generative power typified in phallic eye. Consequently, as this "divine

symbols. In this matter we may uneye"(the sun) is the most evident

derstand his partial, or occasional, proof of God's presence, both physidentification with AmenRa, the suically and spiritually, its image is the preme god, the Creator, according to most logical reminder of Him. Bethe theology resulting from the recogcause of this, perhaps, the image of

nition and assimilation of the Theban the divine eye came into almost unideity Amen (Ammon or Amun). versal use as an amulet, and was beWhence, some authorities have called lieved to be effective, not only in

this seated figure Horammon (Horuswarding off evils and mishaps of variAmmon). ous kinds, but also as indicating good

There may be allowed to be a differgifts and good wishes in general. For

ence of opinion, as to whether the this latter reason, this symbol came group shown here is the original form, to be known as the UZAT eye, which or whether it is merely a variation of is to say the eye of all that is the usual, as shown on the common "healthy"and "nourishing;"for such

448 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is the meaning of this word in the a charm, under the head of the ordiEgyptian language. The eye offered, nary mummy."

is ableas in the group under consideration, It may be that Dr. Lythgoe

to an image of deity, may indicate to translate the hieroglyphics on this either a gift of all good things by disk, although he has favored us with ascription through this their type, or none of the "snatches."However, his

merely as an ideogram of divine atremarks on "monotheistic Abraham"tributes. are scarcely applicable, since, as any

We may see, therefore, that this reader of the Book of Abraham can group certainly represents "God sitting readily perceive, it does not inculcate upon his throne,"because it represents the variety of monotheism which deGod as a Creator, which is evidently nies the existence of "other gods."A

what the Egyptians understood it to large part of it, in fact, is devoted to a signify, when they varied it, as alversion of the creation story, in which, ready shown. The conventional repfollowing the Hebrew usage of a plural

resentation of a throne is shown in noun (ELOHIM) for the word usually this group, as also in Fig. 3, where it translated "God."the creation of the

is mounted on the boat. earth and its inhabitants is attributed

This brings us to a consideration of to "the gods."

Pig. 3, which is explained as "made to The figure seated in the HENNU

represent God sitting upon his throne, Boat, crowned with the disk of the sun, clothed with power and authority; is usually identified with Ra, the Suwith a crown of eternal light upon his preme God, who was worshiped

head: representing also the srand keythrough the symbol of the sun. In his

words of the Holy Priesthood.''As to boat, called the "Bark of Millions of

how this figure represents thee saYears,"meaning, perhaps, of eternity, cred "keywords"must he. of course, he floats daily across the sky, crowned

a matter hidden from the uninformed. with the glory of the everlasting sun.

Regarding the other statements, howOf this conception of God, Dr. Budge

ever, several very happy coincidences says:

are to be found. "Ra was the name given to the sun

According to Dr. A. M. Dythsroe, as by the Egyptians in a remote antiquity,

reported in the NEW YORK TIMES but the meaning of the word, or the atinterview, "The representation is the tribute which they attributed to the sun most common of all in Egyptian paby it, is unknown. Ra was the visible

pyri. It is the view of the sun god emblem of God, and was regarded as

in his boat. The 'Mormon'version is the god of this earth, to whom offerings

right in that this is tne picture of a and sacrifices were made daily; and

god. but it is the chief god of a when he appeared above the horizon at

polytheistic people, instead of the God the creation, time began. In the pyrawho was worshipped by monotheistic mid texts the soul of the deceased

Abraham, and pictures of him were makes its way to where Ra is in heavamong the widely distributed pictures en, and Ra is entreated to give it a in Egypt."place in the 'fcark of millions of years,'

The article then proceeds to animadwherein he sails over the sky....

vert on the Prophet's explanations for In his daily course he vanquished night, presenting no translations of the hieroand darkness and mist and cloud disglyphics in this chart, remarking that appeared from before his rays. Subsethis shows "that at times the divine quently the Egyptians invented the

power... left him."It then conmoral conception of the sun, representtinues: "The things that puzzled the ing the victory of right over wrong and

inspired 'Mormon'translator were no of truth over falsehood."

puzzle at all to Dr. Lythgoe. They An investigation of the God Ra, his

were simply snatches of a hymn to the attributes and the hymns addressed to

Sun god inserted on every flat disk him, seems to furnish a strong confirmthat was put, for its magical effect as ation in point for the remark of Prof.

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"449

Rawlinson ("Religions of the Ancient have reason, and, however many be

World") that, "Altogether the theory to their forms, thou givest them life, and which the facts on the whole point is thou dos*. distinguish the shape and

the existence of a primitive religion stature of each from his neighbor.

communicated to man from without, Thou nearest the prayer of the afflictwhereof monotheism and expiatory saced, and thou art gracious unto him rifice were parts, and the gradual that crieth unto thee; thou deliverest

clouding over of this primitive religion the feeble one from the oppressor, and everywhere."thou judgest between the strong and

... Thou only form, the This conclusion is further reinforced the weak.

is, One only, the Creby such a hymn as the following, adMaker of all that dressed to the Sun God in the form of ator of all that shall be. Mankind

AmenRa, and quoted by Dr. Budge hath come forth from thine eyes, the

from the collections of Gebaut and gods have come into being at thy

Wiedemann. It is also in point in this word. Thou makest tne herbs for the

use of beasts and cattle, and the staffconnection, since one of our critics has of life for the need of man. Thou givdeclared the text of this disk to include

est life to the fish of the stream and passages from such a hymn. We may to the fowl of the air, and breath to

learn here the kind of hymns the Egypthe germ in the egg; thou givest life

tians composed and sang to their God. creep, and things that fly, and every-

"Adoration to thee. O AmenRa, the thing that belongeth thereunto. Thou

bull of Annu, the Ruler of all the gods, providest food for the rats in the holes, the beautiful and beloved god. who and for the birds that sit among the

givest life by means of every kind of branches,... Thou One, thou Only

food and fine cattle. One, whose arms are many. All men

"Hail to thee, O AmenRa, Lord of unto the grasshopper, and thou makest the world's throne.... The King of to live the wild fowl, and things that

Heaven and Sovereign of the earth, and all creatures adore thee, and thou Lord of things that exist; praises come unto thee from the

thou Stablisher of Creation; thou height of heaven, from earth's widest

Supporter of the Universe. Thou art space and from the depths of the sea,

one in thine attributes among the... thou One, thou Only One, who

gods, thou Beautiful Bull of the comhast no second, whose names are manipany of the gods; thou Chief of all fold and innumerable."

Gods; Lord of Truth (Maat); Father This is the line of ascriptions which

of the gods; Creator of men; Maker of the Egyptian* made to the God, who.

beasts and cattle; Lord of all that as we are informed, Joseph Smith erexisteth; Maker of the staff of life; roneously identified with the Almighty.

Creator of the herbs which give life to There can be no doubt but that he beasts and cattle Thou art made an unusually happy guess in this the Creator of all thina-s celestial and matter. A Being described, as in the

terrestrial: thou illuminest the uniabove hymn, could very probably be

verse.... The gods cast themselves held to "represent also the grand keyat thy feet when they perceive thee. words of the Holy Priesthood."In

Hymns of Praise to thee, O deed, if some of the sacred words do

Father of the gods, who hast spread not occur in such a hymn as this, there out the heavens and laid down the are certainly close analogues of several earth,... thou Master of eterniof them. Could Joseph Smith really

ty and everlastingness.... read these "snatches of a hymn to the

it, for this reason, Hail to thee, O Ra. Lord of Truth. sun god,"and was

Thou art hidden in thy shrine, Lord of that he identified their object with the the gods. Thou art the morning (KheAlmighty?

phera) in thy bark, and when thou However, upon the popular notion sendest forth the word the gods come that, despite the lofty sentiments of into being. Thou art the Evening such hymns, the "chief god of a poly-

(Tmu), the Maker of beings which theistic people"must ever be some 450 IMPROVEMENT ERA

person quite other than the One God of hand,"says Dr. Breasted. "The Godthe Bible, or of "monotheism,"the foldess Maat (Truth) is introducing the

lowing remarks of Prof. Budge seem dead (5) and his shadow (6) before

quite pertinent: Osiris,"says Dr. von Bissing.

"Looking at the Egyptian words in As in the discussion of the other their simple meaning, it is pretty cerplates of this series, it would be futile tain that when the Egyptians declared to begin with a challenge or contradicthat their God was one and that he tion of the opinions of these scholars, had no second, they had the same ideas which are evidently expressed in all as the Jews and Muhammedans, when honesty, and are certainly founded on a they proclaimed their God to be 'one'basis of accurate information on matand alone. (Deut. vi: 5; iv: 35; Isaiah ters Egyptian. We must admit the close

xlv: 5.) It has been urged that the resemblance of the seated figure to the

Egyptians never advanced to pure traditional representations of Osiris, monotheism, because they never sucwearing the double plumed crown, and ceeded in freeing themselves from the holding the flail, or scourge, and the belief in the existence of other gods, hook, or crook, in either hand. The

but when they say that a god has figures before and behind him also 'no second,'even though they menclosely suggest the goddesses mentioned tion other 'gods,'it is quite evident by our critics. Nevertheless, there are

that, like the Jews, they conceived several things to be said in regard to him to be an entirely different being this scene, which should import a from the existences, which, for want strong presumption of uncertainty, at of a better word, or because these posleast, as to the finality of the abovesessed superhuman attributes, they quoted opinions.

named 'gods.'"In the first place, the scene differs in

The truth of this line of reasoning several important details from the commay be shown by simple reference to mon run of representations of Osiris the Old Testament, from which and judging the dead. In the Book of the

the Christian Scriptures, nearly all the Dead, the scene habitually contains grand ascriptions of the above hymn other figures, each of which has some may be reproduced. From among such special and particular part in the award

passages we may select at random: of justice, or the administration of conDeut. x: 17; II Chron. ii: 5; Psa. lxxxii: sequent blessings or penalties. Prom-

1; lxxxvi: 8; xcvii: 9; cxxxvi: 2. inent among these is the pair of scale*

FACSIMILE NO. 3. in which the heart, or conscience, of the

deceased is weighed against the weight

It is now in order to turn to the conof truth or righteousness, often represideration of the third plate of the sented by the feather of Maat. Anubis

series usually included with the text of I'sually superintends this test, the recthe Book of Abraham. According to ord of which is made by the ibisheaded

the descriptive caption, it represents Thoth, the god of metes and bounds.

"Abraham sitting upon Pharaoh's Another, figure proper to this scene is throne... reasoning upon the printhat of Amemit, the Devourer, the

ciples of astronomy in the king's "Eaterup of souls,"who is represented court.''Not so, say our critics, who as an incongruous monster of the feidentify the scene with some traditional male sex, having the head of a crocorepresentation of Osiris and Isis in the dile, the forequarters of a lion or panWorld of the Dead. "The Goddess Maat ther, and the hindquarters of a hippoleading the Pharaoh before Osiris,"potamus. This hideous Frankenstein of

says Dr. Sayce. "The dead person bethe Netherworld typifies the eternal

fore the judgment seat of Osiris,"says terrors awaiting evildoers. Furtheris often acDr. Petrie. "The God Osiris enthroned more, not alone Isis—she

at the left,... before him three figcompanied by Nephthys—assists Osiris

ures. The middle one, a man, led... in rendering judgment, but the company

by the Goddess Truth, who grasps his of the "fortytwo judges of the dead""JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'451

also appears, drawn usually on a frieze ists, who were ever most particular to above the main scene. The Canopic maintain truthfulness in pose and deGods also appear frequently, their favtail, whatever variation of idea their

orite place being upon the open petals work may have expressed.

of a lotus flower, placed directly in On any assumption, however, this front of Osiris. picture differs from familiar scenes of

Although the Book of the Dead, the the judgment or adoration in one or typical mortuary ritual work of the two notable particulars. It may be asEgyptians, presents few variations serted with reasonable confidence that

from the particulars of the judgment in neither case, as shown in familiar scene, as noted above, there are variapapyri, does the "deceased'advance tions in some other books of the same with the confident assurance evidently import, particularly in later ages. depicted in the pose of Pig. 5. The deAmong such latter may be mentioned ceased is led to judgment in pose much

the papyrus, or Kerasher, or Kersher resembling that of any prisoner brought containing the socalled "Book of before the bar of a "court of competent

Breathings."This papyrus, published jurisdiction."He attempts no salutain facsimile by the British Museum, tion of the judge, but stands, arms and

shows the deceased Kerasher, he was hands down, as if awaiting the results evidently a negro, whose woolly hair is nf the assize with proper anxiety. Even

prominently shown, led before Osiris by Kerasher, despite the huge bale of ofthe jackalheaded Anubis, and followed ferings, seems diffidently uncertain that by a figure described as "Maat,"which he will'be counted worthy to be called shoves the head of a hare, or some anthe justified in Osiris."In the adoraimal of similar visage. The space usualtion, also, the deceased makes his saluly given to the weighing scene is in tation humbly and with reverence, often

this picture occupied by a large square with bent body. If he ever comes into

mass, evidently a bale of votive offerthe Presences, stalking confidently, like ings, flowers, etc., representing, per- "Shulem, one of the King's principal

haps, the good deeds of the man now waiters"(courtiers?), the papyrus so

before the bar of judgment. This variashowing him has not been included in

tion of the judgment scene may be published collections.

typical of some modification of ideas The figure shown here is probably "ii the matter, and, according to acmaking a salutation of some kind, but counts, has several close analogues in evidently not of the kind usually due ether papyri. from mortals to the gods who hold the

Besides the judgment scene, the Book balances of eternal weal or woe. The

of the Dead frequently shows the depeculiar headgear is another element ceased, after acquittal, purged of all of variation. It is very doubtful if any

guilt and blame, brought again before genuine judgment or adoration scene

Osiris, king of the dead, to whom he shows the deceased crowned or hatted offers -adoration and thanksgiving. In before the Judge of Amenti. There

s ch scene, however, he is usually acevery pose of body and every detail of companied by but one guide or sponsor, dress suggest humility abased and unalthough there are variations in this, as adorned.

in other matters. That the scene under The figure marked 6 is another difficonsideration represents the adoration culty in the present plate. This is at-

'of Osiris, rather than the judgment, tested by the testimonies of the authorseems to be the opinion of Dr. E. A. W. ities quoted in the Spalding pamphlet,

Budge of the British Museum, who "in who differ widely, even radically, in a letter to Dr. Henry Woodward, dated their judgments. Thus, Prof. Petrie

in 1903, says: "Adoration of Osiris by calls it "the God Anubis."Dr. Breasted

some deceased person. It is a falsified says, "the head probably should be

is ropy."Undoubtedly, he notes some of that of a wolf or jackal, but...

the radical variations in this scene from here badly drawn."Prof von Bissing

the common practice of Egyptian artsees here "the d'-ad (5) and his shadow 452 IMPROVEMENT ERA

(6),''but adds, "6 only may be interany further guess on what it may reppreted in different ways, but never as resent, it would seem safe to say that

Smith did."Dr. Lythgoe, as quoted in the resemblances to usual Osirian

the NEW YORK TIMES, opines that scenes end with figures 5 and 6. The

this figure represents a priest, judging best available refuge of a critic of Jofrom his shaven head, as compared seph Smith's interpretation lies, therewith the wigs commonly shown on fore, in the statement of Dr. Budge

gods and deceased; also, that the black that this is "a falsified copy."There

color of this figure reproduces the red is one difficulty with this assumption, shade given to male persons in Egyptian however, and that is that such falsipaintings, the women being colored in fication as may be consistently susentirely in the construclight yellow. This statement is made pected—quite

in spite of the fact that a priest, seltion of figures 5 and 6, if we leave out dom if ever, evidently appearsin either of account the sundry other matters the judgment or adoration scenes bealready noted—is all in minor matters,

fore Osiris. and not at all in the interest of renThe criticisms of the Egyptologists dering the group more consistent with

quoted above must be considered with the explanations offered in regard to the respectful attention always due it. The strong suspicion of femininity

to the opinions of competent scholadhering to fig. 4 could haidly have

ars; but, like the judgments noted in escaped any observer. Consequently,

connection with the first plate, they the presumable changes of 5 and 6 from evidently derive most of their weight the usual must appear unspeakably from the assumption that these plates stupid, when this one is left untouched.

come from, and belong in, the Book of The inference is reasonably strong, the Dead, as Dr. Meyer does not hesithen, that these plates must have come

tate to state, or in some other morto the hands of Joseph Smith in the tuary document. As a matter of fact, form shown at the present time, with

no such figure as 6 appears in any pasuch allowances as may reasonably be pyrus of the Book of the Dead that made, of course, for inaccuracy of has been published in facsimile, or drawing in the'process of transference shown in American museums. The to the printing blocks.

dress suggests that it is a male figIn regard to the caption of this plate ure, but by the same token, it conanother interesting situation occurs.

stitutes an extremely unusual repreIn the first place, the incident presentation of Anubis, or of any other sumably depicted is not mentioned in male deity commonly present in such the text of the Book of Abraham, so scenes. The priestly character might far, at least, as it has been given to

be admissible, but not, properly, in the world. The scene might logically

the confines of the Osirian court. The seem to depict "Abraham brought bepose, also, is most unusual, to say the fore Pharaoh;""Abraham preaching,

least. It may be safe to assert, on or expounding, before Pharaoh,"or, in

the basis of the facts just noted, that, view of the mention of '"Joseph of if this plate be considered to be in Egypt"in Joseph Smith's account of anything like the original form, and the translation of these papyri, "Joif it be insisted that it represent one seph interpreting Pharaoh's Dream."

of the usual run of scenes showing That none of these explanations is the deceased before Osiris, it departs chosen, but rather one referring to the sufficiently far from the usual reverent unfamiliar and undescribed scene inand consistent presentation to be dicated in the caption must excite surclassed as the veriest caricature. If prise, if the assumption be made that

it does not represent any such scenes, both book and captions were "made this judgment must of course be modifrom the whole cloth."

fied accordingly. The explanation inevitably occurring

Without attempting any further into a believer in the work and mission terpretation of the plate, or hazarding of Joseph Smith is that both plates and "JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'453

descriptions came to him in the mannificance is AUTHORITY and POWner set forth in his account, and that ER. The plume at either side typifies

such "inconsistencies"and "inaccurTRUTH, JUSTICE, RIGHT, LAW, acies,"'as have been noted by our and, as such, became the symbol tracritics, originated in a day far prior ditionally associated with Maat the to Smith's lifetime. Such a person Goddess of Truth, etc. The plume was

would explain these slips, provided he chosen for this significance by the were willingto discuss them at all, Egyptians, because of the tradition by a line of reasoning precisely similar that all the feathers of an ostrich ai e to that suggested in connection with of the same length, hence, justly and plate 1, an easily explainable, and equably measured. It is respectfully

readily imaginable, scribal confusion submitted for determination, whether beween this scene, presumably dethe qualities of AUTHORITY and scribed in the text of the complete TRUTH fully represent the priestbook, with which it is associated, with hood, or emblem the governance of certain more familiar scenes of the God.

varieties discussed above. Thus, the If this plate, like the first, is after

seated figure, stated to represent AbraHie "manner of... hieroglyphics,"

ham, becomes closely approximated to which is to say, symbolic still other the general traditional appearance oe (symbols are found correctly interOsiris, and sundry other changes are preted. For example, the "scepter or

made, as it were, "to confound the justice and;"udgment"is mentioned.

wise."Thus we may venture an exSo far as one can determine, the seated

planation of the "falsified copy."figure, like Ojiris, Horus, and others

Whatever may be said of the foreshown in Egyptian pictures is repregoing suggestions, it seems not too sented holding the flail or scourge in much to sav that the "other side,"one hand, and the.-ook. or crook, in

which we have tried to present, will the other. These have been called the,

demand some consideration from can- "emblems of sovereignty and power."

did minds. This is particularly probHowever, the king or god so holding

able, in view of the fact, already them shows 'hereby that he is tne demonstrated, that Joseph Smith cerpunisher of the wicked, as with the tainly "guessed"the meaning of tht. scourge, r.nd the shepherd of the

majority of the figures shown in these righteous. His office is shown to conplates, as already discussed, and, that sist, therefore, in thj exercise ot

"his ability to do so had no connecJUSTICE, on the one hand, and of tion with the decipherment of hieroJUDGMENT, or righteous authority, glyphics bv European scholars."Furprotecting the good and lawabiding,

thermore, several notable examples of on the other. Is this another good

the same ability to interpret symbolic guess?

meanings exist in the third plate also. Regarding the figure marked 3 the

In this third platt, speaking of Fig. explanation, "signifies Abraham in

1, which he identifies with Abraham, Egypt"is somewhat incomprehensible he says, "with a crown upon his head, at first glance. It is evidently a simple

representing the Priesthood, as emoffering table for holding fruit, flower blematical of the grand Presidency in and food offerings, and is a familiar

Heaven, with the sceptre of justice figure in ZJgyotian art. Thus, we find

and judgment in his hand."How it called "the stand of offerings with

could this crown represent the "Priestlotus flowers"(Petrie); "a lotushood,"or emblem +he "Presidency in crowned standard bearing food"

Heaven?"Probably by indicating the (Breasted); "an offering table"(Von

qualities characterizing them. The Bissing). Although these statements

crown is probably the "PSHENT,"or of our Egyptologists are correct bedouble crown of the two Egypts, or yond question, we are concerned with perhaps only the crown of Lower the symbolic meaning after the "manEgypt. In either case the clear signer of... hieroglyphics,"and,

454 IMPROVEMENT ERA

seeking for this, we And some things Orient, from which, in relation to not mentioned by our critics. Egypt, Abraham had come. The use

The offering table has its significance of "AB,""AV,""IB,"or "IV,"to inin hieroglyphic writing, as both a dicate Abraham is quite analogous to "phonogram,"or indicator of sound the use of the familiar trigrammator not spelled in letters, and as an "ideoIHS (Greek for IES) to indicate the gram,"or sign indicating an idea, inname "Jesus;"in both cases the first

dependent of words, or in connection syllable denotes the full name. In the

with spelled words. Its pnonographic latter case the example is only one of

significance, as given by modern a -eneral run of instances in which

Egyptologists, is either HAU-T or proper names and other words are abHAWT, in which the A indicates a breviated in Greek manuscripts.

breathing similar to the Hebrew Considered hieroglynhically, thereADEPH, the first sign of the alphafore, there is no doubt but what the bet, which may indicate, not only "a""lotuscrowned standard"may be inbut also any other vowel or semiterpreted to signify "Egypt and the vowel whatever, according to pointing Orient,"or "Egypt and lb (raim), Iv or usage. Champollion's grammar (raim), or Ab (ram),"quite as clearly

transliterates this sign with EIEBT. and certainly as it connotes the acAs an ideogram this figure signifies tual use to which it was devoted.

the "Orient,"the "East."In view of the points above noted, it

The flowers shown upon the table seems safe to say that the assertion closely resemble those shown in the made by one of our critics to the efconventional cluster, which constitutes fect that "Smith... has misinterthe familiar ideogram for Lower preted the significance of every one

Egypt. figure"stands now with burden of

We have, therefore, a figure closely proof shifted to the shoulders of those suggesting an association of Egypt who reject him, both as a prophet of with some word or name indicated by God and even as a man of ordinary a combination of ALEPH and a labial honesty.

consonant (B or V), or else with the

Comments on the Spaulding Pamphlet 1

BY JOHN A. WIDTSOE, A. M., PH. D.

Rt. Rev. F. S. Spalding, D.D., Salt Lake not convinced. Your argument has disCity, Utah. appointed me, for I had hoped to find

My Dear. Dr. Spalding—The pressure in your book an investigation that

of official work has made it very difwould be worthy of the steel of "Morficult to find the time necessary to keep monism."Instead, I have come to the

my promise to give you my opinion of conclusion that you have only begun your book, "Joseph Smith, Jr., As a the inquiry, which you announce has

Translator."I have, however, read the been concluded.

work several times and have given the Do not misunderstand me. You have

matter with which it deals considergiven your word that you are sincere able thought. In the hour at my disin this inquiry. That is enough. The

posal I can only suggest some of the apparent unfairness on some of your many thoughts that have come as pages can well be charged to the aber-

I have followed your argument against rations of vision which beset every the correctness of Joseph Smith's inperson who takes sides on any questerpretation of the hieroglyphics printtion.

ed in the Pearl of Great Price. Your title page is splendid. "Joseph

I may as well say at once that I am Smith, Jr., as a Translator. An Inquiry

* From the Desetet News of Jan. 11, 1913

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'455

Conducted by Rt. Rev. F. S. Spalding, The very first words in the text of

D.D., Bishop of Utah, with the kind asthe book explain why the inquiry must

sistance of capable scholars."It is full be an honest search after truth. "If

of promise. Especially do I like the the Book of Mormon is true, it is next

word "inquiry"in the subtitle, which to the Bible, the most important book undoubtedly you are using in the scienin the world."You later explain that,

tific sense. The word is one which has according to your method of thinking,

become hallowed in the history of sciif Joseph Smith interpreted the Egypence. The great masters who laid the tian hieroglyphics in the Pearl of Great

foundations of systematic knowledge Price correctly, the Book of Mormon were wont to entitle the reports of must be true; if incorrectly, must be

their classical investigations, patiently felse. "With such an important matand exhaustively carried on for years, ter at stake, the inquiry certainly must

"An Inquiry"into this, that, or some be an honest search, a thoroughly sciother, natural phenomenon. It is with entific investigation, for if the trans-

a feeling akin to reverence that I lation is wrong, it means the salvation peruse any "inquiry"made by a learned from gross error of the half million man "assisted by capable scholars."souls in the "Mormon"Church; if

"Mormonism"has had so few inquiries right, the doubling of the holy books made into it in an unprejudiced, truly of all Christendom.

scientific spirit, that the few that have THE ESSENTIAL QUESTION.been made should receive respectful

attention. I shall not consider at all the quesYour dedication is equally good tion whether your claim that one er-

"To my many. Mormon friends—who ror in "Mormonism"makes the whole

are as honest searchers after the truth erroneous. Some of my fellowbeliev-

as he hopes he is himself—this book is ers have already expressed themselves

dedicated by the Author."The "Morvigorously on that point. The esmon"has been so persistently viewed sential question is: Did or did not

through the eyes of narrow clerical proJoseph Smith translate the hieroglyphjudice, that it feels good to have a ics in the Pearl of Great Price correctleader of the cloth give "Mormons"ly? A fact is to be established. After

credit for being at least as honest as that has been done it may be time to are other people. I am a "Mormon"bediscuss the application of the fact. As

cause I honestly believe "Mormonism"I understand your book, that was the to be true. There are some hundreds impelling motive in the inquiry.

of thousands who are equally honest in I confess that your purpose thus their belief. Your admission of this clearly s|hown appealed to me imfact* puts us on a footing of equality mensely. To have a trained, capable

in the inquiry, the results of which mind apply itself with all the resources you are submitting to the world. I of the age, to a thoroughly scientific

thank you for the gracious words. examination of a point in "MormonThe thing in your dedication which ism,"put on edge my expectant appeespecially appeals to me, however, is tite. Why did you not carry out your

the statement that you and we, in this purpose? Can not a man carry to the

investigation, are searchers after truth, end an inquiry concerning "Mormonthereby confirming the opinion derived ism?"Instead of passing a direct

itfrom the title page, that this inquiry opinion on the book, let me express is in reality an honest search after indirectly, in the form of some questruth—that it is to be thoroughly scitions which I ask in all sincerity "as

entific. Such inquiries are welcomed an honest searcher after truth,"and

by the Latterday Saints; their sysin the hope that you may be persuadtem of belief must stand every honed to continue the inquiry.

est test of truth. To you and to me, Why did you secure opinions from

truth is indeed "the sum of existence."eight men? Why not from eighty? This

Before truth we stand with shoes reis not a matter which has been exammoved and heads uncovered. ined and reexamined until settled be456 IMPROVEMENT ERA

yond dispute. As I remember I have not write a book on agricultural chemheard you say that you are not an istry or socialism. That is done, or

Egyptologist; neither am I. If, thereshould be done, only by the man who

fore, we are to rest our decided opinhas by independent research made himions concerning Egyptology upon the self a specialist on the subject. Yet that

opinions of others, we should certainis precisely what you have done in thy ly follow the statistical procedure and matter of Joseph Smith's translation reduce the probable error by bringing of the Egyptian hieroglyphics. The

in all the possible witnesses. True, method of the layman has been used

there is not an abundance of persons by you in reaching conclusions of the who claim the ability to read Egypspecialists. In an inquiry defined as

tian hieroglyphics, but certainly many an honest search after truth, concluscores are found in the countries of sions resting on such a method have the world. You have certainly used no value. You have forgotten, in a

the statistical method in a most unscientific inquiry, to assure yourself scientific manner. that your data are correct. If a man

of science should do such a thing he I note with regret, also, an element would soon acquire the title of pseudoof haste in your important inquiry. It scientist. Why did you, a man trainedwas impossible to secure evidence from in the learning of the day, adopt anDr. Lythgoe because he was in Egypt. unscientific method in a scientificMails pass regularly between Utah and inquiry? Do you carry such reverenceEgypt.every few weeks. In my own for authority into all matter—say into little correspondence I receive occathe higher criticism of the Bible? I

sional letters from diverse places in assure you that "Mormons,"so freEgypt, and we both have friends who quently charged with slavish obedigo from Utah to Egypt and back in a ence to authority, establish their faith few weeks. Haste is unscientific; the quite otherwise.

masters of "inquiry"take their time;

what matters a year or two. if spent ACCElPTS DISCORDANT VIEWS.

in the interest of truth? Since you It is yet mere surprising to note that

decided to begin your inquiry by askyou accept the answers, obtained by ing opinions, you greatly violated the the faulty methods of the layman, scientific method by asking only eight in the face of the patent fact that they—especially since the matter rested do not agree. Your attention has allargely on individual interpretations of ready been called to the disagreement

longpast days. of the jury. It can not be denied exMore surprising still is the fact that cept by speciousness, and I believe you

you assume that the answers of eight will not do it. A layman, receiving

experts: would settle this tremendously from experts discordant answers to

important question: The method of the same question, would simply be

ipse dixit, "I have said it, therefore it is confused and lay the matter by with true,"is not scientific. No reputable the thought that where the doctors disman of science uses it. If a layman agree there is no help for him. A

desires some information on agriculscientific inquirer, however, an hontural chemistry he may put a question est searcher after truth, would not to me and to other specialists, and if lose heart, but would set to work to he have sufficient confidence in our discover why there was disagreement, it was apparent or real, andsoundness may govern his practices whether accordingly. Similarly, if a layman if possible would dig out the truth. Why

desires information concerning socialdid not you do this? Many books have

ism he may apply to you and other exbeen written on Egyptology, by men pert students of the subject, and may living and dead. Why were they not

make your views his own. However, examined to harmonize, if possible, the

the layman who thus secures informadiscordant answers? The museums on

tion by the easy method of asking of both sides of the water, as we have convenient experts a few questions does both seen, are filled with papyri found ''JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'457

with mummies that might have beet, body for mummification. It is agreed

examined to secure the counterparts of that this scene occurs with thousands

Joseph Smith's "hieroglyphics."of funeral papyri. Do you ask us to

Out of your own mouth is the statebelieve that this representation was ment that this inquiry is in importance made with trouble and expense simply next only to one concerning the truthto perpetuate the method of embalmfulness of the Eible, yet you dare draw ing? That is. is it only a sort of

a final conclusion from an inquiry so record whereby embalmers of future loosely conducted that I can hardly beyears might acquire the modus operlieve that you, with your training, andi of the business? If so, it apwere really in charge. You remember, pears to me to be fearfully misleadno doubt, the accuracy, the painful acing. No selfrespecting corpse shouldcuracy, with which the facts of science look so tremendously alive; and no

are established. If the relative weight clever embalmer should hold his knifeof an atom of hydrogen is to be deterso high in evident surprise. The nomined, a dozen men, in several countries, labor for years, with errors so tion of course is preposterous. The

small as to make a speck of dust look scene, naturally, is symbolical, as are as large as a hill. The methods of the the other figures in question. What

essence? Whathigher critics—I speak of the big work do they symbolize—in

it neces-—are based upon the accurate study hope, fear, conviction, made

of minute differences and similarities. sary to place these representations

is Osiris, from The earnestly scientific method of with the dead? Who

higher criticism is, after all, the chief the beginning, by the method of scienis the place of reasons why the questionable conclutific inquiry? What

sions of the study have received such Osiris in the theological system of anwide acceptance among scholarly men cient Egypt? Whence was the conit change of your type. Yet in your own higher ception of Osiris, and how did

criticism of Joseph Smith's powers as a through the years? Who and what

translator, north and south have apwere Isis and Horus and all the other parently pointed in one direction. gods of Egypt? Not by name and reDid you not notice in the letters relationship, but as expressing the

ceived by you that some of the scholEgyptian's vision of the known ana ars were unable to read the characthe unknown, the past, the present and ters surrounding the main picture, the hereafter? What is the mighty

while one declares them to be the symbolism of the writings of the dwellusual funeral inscriptions? Did you ers by the Nile, the shakers and the

not know that M. Deveria seemed able makers of the empires of old? Did you

to decipher many of them? As a scigo into all this in your honest search

entific investigator, why did you not after a truth second only to the truth satisfy yourself and us on this point? of the Bible? Your correspondents

The prints from the original wood cuts point out the shell of the thing, and may be obtained from The Times and hardly that. To them, Fig. 1 is of the

Seasons, numerous copies of which are embalmer at work, or of Osiris rising available. Did you examine these? If from the dead; Fig. 2, a magical disk;

you did not, and there is no evidence Fig. 3, the dead person appearing bein your book that you did, you violated fore Osiris or something similar, with

the method of science, and have disnot a word of explanation. Joseph

credited your conclusions. Smith attempts the interpretation or

Moreover, I must ask you what you the symbolical meaning, and if his would have us believe from the testitranslation of the hieroglyphics is read monial letters which are the only eviin connection with the Book of Abradence for your argument. For inham, a consistent beginning of explainstance, one cf the "capable scholars"ing the whole symbolical system of

Why did you not exdeclares that the scene in Fig. 1 deEgypt is made.

picts the eml: aimer preparing the dead amine the literature of this subject

458 IMPROVEMENT ERA

when you undertook this fundamentalto this great subject is anything but ly important inquiry. scientific, if truth is desired.

Since the Book of Abraham is not

INQUIRY SHOWN TO BE LOOSE. used at all in your argument, and

since you decided to institute an inIn science, similarities are as Imquiry which should be an honestportant as differences. Why is not a search for truth, why did you prejuword of comment ofterea on the strikdice your jury by sending to them the

ingsimilarities between Joseph Smith's Fearl of Great Price, as is evident from version and those of your corresponseveral of the replies? According to

dents, which have been publicly pointthe method of science, every precaued out. to you? Again, the inquiry i tion should be taken to prevent theshown to have been of the loosest scielement of prejudice from entering the

ent'fic nature. observations sought. "Mormonism,"

In yet another way does it seem to thanks to the efforts of sundry memme that you have grossly forgotten bers of the Christian clergj, is not a the method of science in your study ropular system of theology. Egyptolof the "Mormon"Prophet's power of ogists, even the most eminent, are

translating Egyptian hieroglyphics. men of flesh and blood, and subject to

You are an earnest follower of many the common passions of the race. Why

ot the higher critics. Your views of did you not, in this day of photoen-

the Bible are not those of the majority. graving, spend the dollar or two necesThe evidences upon which you base sary to secure cuts freed 'from the conmany of your views are of the internal text of the Pearl of Great Price? It

kind. The tricks of phrase and the was not at all necessary, in a scientific

kind of imagery are means whereby inquiry, to let the jury know the source information concerning authorship and of the hieroglyphics; the question at

date of composition is obtained. Why issue was simply the meaning of them.

was not this method employed in your The prejudicing of your witnesses, acstudy of Joseph Smith as translator? cidental as I hope it to have been, was

The hieroglyphics in question wero distinctly unscientific, and reduces merely incidents in the longer transgreatly the value of the testimony.

lation of the Book of Abraham. Why The letters themselves, with one or

was not this book carefully examined two exceptions bear evidence of havfor evidences to establish or overing been thrown off lightly. They are

throw the claim to genuineness of the the letters hastily though courteously translation of the hieroglyphics? A dispatched, to correspondents of sufcomplete scientific inquiry would not ficient importance, by busy men who

fail to employ all the means by which are anxious to get back to their work.

modern man ascertains truth, especialIt was not to be expected that these ly of a matter second only to one in men, with only a most passing interest importance to the followers of Christ. in Joseph Smith, should do more. It

The omission of this test makes your was your investigation, not theirs.

book appear still more unscientific. Meanwhile, not one of the letters is

Why did you so carefully avoid any a thoroughgoing statemenl concernreference to the history of Egypt in its ing the questions which you asked, and relation to Semitic influences? You which, peculiarly enough in a scientific

must have noticed the possibility of inquiry, you do not print. Your corcomparing the words of the Book of respondents give their offhand opinAbraham with the views of many leadions, no more. I am fairly sure that

ing scholars? Did you note the abnone of them, were the facts set besurdity of the remark of one of your fore him, would justify you in so unscholars concerning "Joseph Smith's scientific a use as you have made of

monotheistic Abraham,"in view of the their letters in this book, even concerndoctrines actually set forth in the Book ing so unpopular a subject ar> is "Mcrof Abraham? To omit any reference monism."

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"459

THE ATTITUDE OF THE JUDGES. the authority of these men; you ignore

May I ask you further, why, in an the radical differences in their opininquiry to be characterized by an honions; you fail to make the necessary

est search after truth, you did not ca*ll minute comparisons and bibliographiattention to the doubtful value of some cal researches; you virtually deny the

of the opinions received as evidenced symbolical meaning of all Egyptian fuill temneral inscriptions; you refrain fromby the manifest prejudice and

per of the authors? Do you think Dr. mentioning the striking similarities beSayce was helping you in your honest tween Joseph Smith's translation and

search after truth when he opened his your eight opinions; you disregard the

letter with the words, "It is difficult to possible internal evidences of the Book deal seriously with Joseph Smith's imof Abraham in support of the prophet's pudent fraud?"Was he in a frame of translation; you are silent on the whole

mind to render impartial judgment on vital matter of Egypt and Abraham;

the subject? The spirit of this opening you have prejudiced your witnesses,

sentence is not scientific, and evidentthough probably unintentionally; your

ly it had not been impressed upon Dr. eight letters are not in the remotest conunder matter the of studies sense honest an inquiry was this thatSayce their at accepted have sideration; you of the of one truth the after search clearly are that letters value face civilized before mattersmost vital it ill Were tempered. prejudiced and

man. I assure you that the authors not that you have said otherwise, I of your letters were not half so much should be tempted to say from the inamused at "Joseph Smith's impudent ternal evidences of the book, that you

fraud,"as I was at the introduction of prejudiced the case and wrote the consuch opinions as the foundations of an clusion before the investigation beimportant conclusion, into a book progan.

fessedly embodying the history and These changes should be made in the findings of the scientific inquiry by a next edition of the book. On the title

man liberally trained in the learning page should be added the words "The of the day. Plan and a Preliminary Study."On

The evening is closing. There are pages 18 and 19, all words that convey

many other thoughts that have oc- a conclusion should be eliminated. At

curred to me, but which must be left the end it should be stated that the unwritten. I can only repeat that I inquiry is being vigorously and scienam unconvinced; and that your book, tifically continued.

as an honest search after truth by one EVIDENCE OF PROPHET'S INSPIRcompetent to conduct such an inquiry, ATION.

is extraordinarily unscientific. It is

not worthy of you. Tour plan is ex- I trust you will receive this letter in

cellent, but your method so loose and the spirit in which it is sent. You want

I. want so do truth; We the to is know unconclusion your that incomplete the Continue criticism. in frankness be would yourself, You, warranted. the with accordance in investigation conany yourself for accept to last the youi which with science, of methods meth- a rickety so upon based clusion reFinal familiar. thoroughly so are as an evidence attenuated so and od is inquiry if the slowly sults come may Joseph on book your in found are have you as but intensively, on carried

Smith, Jr., as a tranr'ater. Why did yourself explained, it is quite worth

you perpetrate it upcn your "Morwhile.

mon"friends? Finally, permit me to say that, as a

careful You declare that the subject is of young man, I gave long and Christendom; all to importance highest Abraand Moses of books the to study your tr. *ase proceed you nevertheless Great of Pearl the in found as ham, eight of opinion-, the on with conclusions study the of out came Price, available; are scores when scholars, splendid were they that conviction a get to haste unscientific an work show the of you divinity the of evidences question without accept you into print;

460 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Time to it again. I have no fear of the outhas not altered this view. Your book come when Joseph Smith is subjected

has set me investigating the question to scientific study—but the study must

concerning the accuracy of the transbe an "honest search after truth."

lation of the hieroglyphics incidentally With best wishes, very sincerely inserted with the Book of Abraham. As yours, JOHN A. WIDTSOE.

far as I have gone in the study, I have been happy to find that the evidence is P. S.—I may send a copy of this letwonderfully in favor of Joseph Smith's ter for publication to the editor of The

translation. I shall continue the study Deseret News, so that if it is published

in my occasional spare moments. To it may serve as an 'answer to a numme it is not a vital thing in "Mormonber of people who have asked for my

ism,"but it is interesting, and I am views of your book.

grateful to you for calling my attention

Scientists Not Always Correct'

BY TUDGE RICHARD W. YOUNG.

Salt Lake City, Utah, Jan 10, 1913. churches now are and ever have been

Editor Deseret News: unwilling to yield unreserved credence

The Right Rev. P. S. Spalding's willto every decree of science, the instant

ingness to sacrifice "Mormonism"upon it is formulated.

the altar of scholarship is reminiscent The sciences of astronomy, chemisof Artemas Ward's willingness to sactry, geology, zoology, medicine—in fact,

rifice his wife's relations on thr, aitar all—have frequently discarded theories

of patriotism. to adopt new ones. The Ptolemaic the-

I do not venture this comparison ory that the earth was the center of flippantly, but with a sincere convicthe universe very ingeniously explained tion that neither of the churches of nearly all of the phenomena of the

Christendom, including the great orheavens; and this theory was unquesganization of which Bishop Spalding tioned for more than 1,500 years priot

is a distinguished member, is willing to the time of Copernicus. It was saij

to submit to the determination of that "the wise are witnesses that the scholars the authenticity of its claims heavens revolve in the space of 24 or the validity of any basic fact of its hours,"and Copernicus was described creed. I am not ignorant that in the as a fool who "wishes to reverse the

conflict between science and theology entire science of astronomy"—but

victory has usually perched uoon the Copernicus was right and the world, banners of the scientists; nor do I forscientific as well as religious, was

get that the path along whicn science wrong.

has proceeded forth out of primitive Scientists once held that there were darkness into presentday light is but four elements, fire, earth, air and strewn with the skeletons of theories water; but when I went to schoo:

once deemed imperishable and of ficchemistry taught as an ultimate and tions once regarded as facts—ana no incontestable fact that matter was dione is so blind as not to be able to see vided into some 60 odd distinct elethat the pathway of science extends ments. It seems incredible that this

onward and upward into rea.ms of theory has perished, and that "the

positive knowledge, whose brightness tendency of all recent discoveries has will cause the tallow dips of today's been to emphasize the truth of the speculations to pale into relative insigconception of a common basis of matnificance. And it is because of such ter of all kinds."(Ency. Brit.)

considerations as these that the The same eminent authority te'ls us 'From the Deseret News, January 11, 1913. Published in the Era by permission of the Author.

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR'461

concerning the dear old atomic theory, succession; and I further venture the

upon which we of an older generation suspicion that Bishop Spalding would were brought up, that "the atomic not be willing to yield acquiescence to theory has been of.priceless value to disinterested scholars respecting every

chemists, but it has more than onev.- tenet of his faith. It was with such

happened in the history of science that considerations in mind that I suggest- a hypothesis, after having been useful ed, in other words, at the beginning in the discovery and the coordination of this communication that perhaps the of knowledge, has been abandoned ana reverend bishop might not be willing replaced by one more in harmony with to have measured to Christianity in later discoveries."general or to himself with what measIt would have been.scientific sacriure he meted to us.

lege not to have had implicit confidence Bishop Spalding asseverate?, that inin the physicians of fifty years ago, asmuch as thinking and authoritative

and yet they did not have the slightest scholars declare that Joseph Smith conception that the world was filled translated certain hieroglpyhics incorwith microscopic germs, the chief rectly, "no thoughtful man can be sources of disease, and their annihilaasked to accept the Book of Mormon, tion the chief hope for prevention and but, on 1'ne other hand, honesty will cure. Our helpful friends, the docrequire him, with whatever personal

tors, formerly starved where now they regret, to repudiate it and the whole feed, the typhoid patient, and back a body of belief, which has been built century or two ago bled patients for upon it and the reputation its publication gave to its author."nearly every disease—a practice not

only discarded but now held to be inDespite the cocksureness of Bishop defensible, even murderous. Spalding, I cannot, because of the conThis and many more instances, modsiderations above mentioned and others

ern, medieval and ancient, might be noted below, with such thoughtfulness cited as a sufficient justification of the and honesty as I possess, accept the caution and hesitancy with which rebishop's conclusions.

ligion accepts the conclusions of sciHowever, in the controversy at issue, ence. The Christian Churches will not we Latterday Saints are not compelled

accept the scientific dictum that there to rely entirely, as we may in consistis no personal God; nor any theory of.ency, upon the aforesaid and other genevolution which eliminates the creative eral considerations, but we feel that

act; nor the scientific denial of mirwe may urge special objections to

acles, including the immaculate conthe evidences offered by the bishop in ception and that great central fact support of his case, I shall not attempt of Christianity, the resurrection of the to point out the discrepancies among body of our Savior; nor philosophical the scholars cited by Bishop Spalding--

deductions as to the plan of salvation; that has been dene by Elder B. H. Robcallnor expert historical opinion as to the erts and others—further than to

authenticity of the books of Moses or attention to the fact that these disDaniel or the four gospels (though crepancies are quite numerous and inclergymen here and there may be convolve such diametrically conflictingverts to higher criticism), etc., etc. translations as the version, on

I scarcely believe that either Caththe one hand, by Petrie and Peters olics or Protestants would be willing that plate No. 1 represents Anubis or

to submit their respective claims to an embalmer preparing a body for the determination of historians, and burial, and, on the other hand, the conceive that the Church of England statement of Breasted and Deveria that would not be willing to go out of busithe plate represents Osiris rising from ness upon the adverse determination the dead. The jury palpably disagrees

of eight or ten historians who might and the indictment must either be disbe called upon to examine the claims missed or the defendants be granted a of that church to unbroken apostolic new trial—surely the arbitrary conten462 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion that every honest and thoughtful priests at Abydos (table of Abydos), man must vote for conviction, under when attempting to record -.he names

such circumstances, finds no analogy of the kings of the first dynasty, on in law or logic. the walls of the temple of Seti I., are

Being quite curious to ascertain just now admitted on all sides; and no

why these students of Egyptology differ palaeographer, whether his field be among themselves, I consulted the latGreek, Latin. Arabic, Persian or any

est edition of the Encyclopedia Britanother class of Mss., will be surprised

nica, and in the article on Egypt, page to hear that the EGYPTIAN PA58, found a statement prepared by an PYRI AND INSCRIPTIONS ABOUND

Oxford professor, and presumably -a IN CORRUPTIONS AND MISTAKES.

student of the Rev. Prof. Sayce, which The translator of today, can, if he

seems to furnish a complete explanawishes, mark where certainty ends and tion of these discrepancies, and at the mere conjecture begins, and It is to be same time to deprive Bishop Spalding's hoped that advantage will be taken savants of the title to absolute and more widely of this new power. THE

incontestable verity which he ascribes EGYPTOLOGIST WHO HAS LONG to them. LIVED IN THE REALM OF CONThis is the statement (the capJECTURE IS TOO PRONE TO CONitals being mine: SIDER ANY SERIES OF GUESSES

"At present Egyptologists depend on GOOD ENOUGH TO SERVE AS A

Heinrich Bruegsch's admirable but TRANSLATION AND FORGETS TO somewhat antiquated WORTBEBUCH INSERT THE NOTES OF INTERROand on Levi's useful but entirely unGATION WHICH WOULD WARN critical VOCABULIARO.... Apart WORKERS IN OTHER FIELDS

from their philological interest, as givFROM IMPLICIT TRUST."

ing'the state of a remarkable language And so the cat is out of the bag!

during a period of several thousand The studies of the past are now "beyears, the grammatical studies of the ginning to bear fruit in regard to the last quarter of the nineteenth century exact interpretation of historical docuand afterwards are BEGINNING to ments on Egyptian monuments and bear fruit in regard to the exact interpapyri;"brilliant guessing has been

pretation of historical documents on the rule of the past and the Egyptian

Egyptian monuments and papyri. Not translator now proceeds "with some

long ago, the supposed meaning of of the sureness with which he would these was extracted chieQy by brilliant deal with Latin or Greek;""many conguessing, and the published translastructions are still obscure;""the writtions of even the best scholars could ings of one period were but half intelcarry no guarantee of more ligible to the learned scribes of anthan approximate exactitude, where other;""Egyptian papyri and inscripthe sense depended at all on correct tions abound in corruptions and misrecognition of the syntax. Now the takes;"and the Egyptologist "is too

translator proceeds in Egyptian with prone to consider any series of guesses

SOME OP THE SURENESS with good enough to serve as a translation."

which he would deal with Latin or Really, are not trifles, light as ail,

Greek. The meaning of many words held by the Reverend Bishop to be

may be still unknown, and. MANY more strong than proofs of holy writ?

CONSTRUCTIONS ARE STILL OBIn passing, it may not be malapropos j

SCURE; but at least he can distinguish to the contention that Joseph Smith

fairly between a correct text and a must be rejected because he is repucorrupt text. Egyptian writing lent diated by the scholars, to refer to the

itself only too easily to misunderstandfourth verse of the eighth chapter of St.

ing, and the writings of one period Matthew, wherein Jesus said, "Show were but half intelligible to the learned thyself to the priest, and offer the gift scribes of another. The mistaken readthat Moses commanded"—the reference

ing of the old inscriptions by the being to Leviticus. But the scholarship

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"463

of higher criticism proclaims that Leviwere garbed in the habiliments of ticus was not written by Moancient Rome.

ses, nor until centuries after In 1911 I visited the Vatican in his time. Christ's statement was Rome, and there, in the Sistine Chapel,

unqualified; he did not say beheld Michael Angelo's great con-

"as Moses is believed to have written"ception of the "Last Judgment,"the or "as is contained within the writings central figure of which being the Great ascribed to Moses,"etc., but uses the Judge. Upstairs, somewhere in that

words "that Moses commanded."And wilderness of rooms, I saw Raphael's

in view of this flat controversy between impressive picture of the Eternal

Christ and the scholars, one shudders Father. These pictures are found in

at the sentence that must be imposed the palace, the very home, of the upon Christ and Christian pretentions. Roman Pontiff. Let it be supposed that

There is another thought respecting these and innumerable other reprethis controversy, that seems to be gersentations of God in human form, mane—a consideration that permits us were recovered by Macauley's New

to assume that Dr. Spalding's jury is Zealander, or by some other repreright, and, if you will, even unanimous, sentative of a civilization yet to be

in the interpretation of the papyri subborn, from the ruins of the Vatican or mitted, namely that Abraham, in seekother ruins of the present age and ing to represent the attempt of the submitted to the Sayces and priest of Elkenah to offer up Abraham Petries of. his day, in order to asceras a sacrifice, and, again, in seeking tain the Roman Catholic conception of

to represent the occasion that Pharaoh the personality of God—can we doubt

politely permitted Abraham to sit upon that the unanimous verdict would be the Egyptian throne, would not violate that the Roman church held that God the analogies by substantially copying was in the express physical image of scenes familiar to the populace of his man; and this, despite the protestaday and in employing the images of tions of the truly initiated that these

Egyptian deities—even though such figures were merely symbolical and

scenes and images might be used to were employed by the artist to enable represent meanings quite different from them to appeal to their generations their ordinary significations. in a language that would be underOrators, poets, and painters, in their stood.

it more unreasonable or appeals to the public, have ever emAnd so—is

ployed the simile, the metaphor, the inexplicable that Abraham should emidealistic and the symbolical. Figures of ploy the figures of the Conopic jars

speech and conventionalities of a like to depict certain of the Gods repcharacter in painting have never resented by him, or Osiris, or of Seti, failed to add interest and conviction or what not, to represent himself or ''to an otherwise bald and unconvincing the idolatrous priest, than for Angelo narrative."We talk to children in the to copy the face of a Roman peaslanguage of childhood and appeal to ant or Raphael that of a "Bavarian

the aborigine in the picturesque Toy Maker"to represent a spiritual imagery of nature. Benjamin West, the essence, a divinity without body or

American who became president of parts.

the Royal academy, in his "Death of I shall not contend that my religious

Wolfe,"introduced figures with modern beliefs have been free from uncertaincostumes and thus became the first ties—uncertainties, however, quite as

of English painters to abandon great, even greater, in respect of the classical draperies in historical paintfundamental conceptions of Christianings and one can imagine how conity as in respect of tenets peculiar to clusive would be the unanimous "Mormonism;"and I find some support

testimony of such a flood of paintings, in the conviction that the difficulties if recovered from a perished civilizathus besetting me are no greater than tion, that the great men of England, those besetting the great body of Chrisas late as the eighteenth century, tians, including perhaps the author of 464 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Joseph Smith as a Translator."But "Truth,"says Bacon, "is the daughter

objections to Christianity in general, of time,"and we feel that in respect of though often difficult or impossible to the objections now considered we can explain, become negligible to the deafford to await the vindication of the vout Christian when viewed in conjuncyears. Such partial vindication has

tion with the innumerable and obvious already come to the Book of Morevidences of the truth of Christianity; mon through the discovery of the

and so to the converted Latterday great ruins of Central and South

Saint, the objections contained within America, the fossil horse, etc.,

the Bishop's brochure, though involvand in - the opinion of a goving some puzzling facts, sink into relaernment expert, siven in one of the tive insignificance when viewed in the reports of the Bureau of Ethnology light of the splendid truths proclaimed that the mammoth ranged over certain by and through Joseph Smith, Jr. parts of America as late as 1,500

truths, as we believe, vindicating God years ago.

from the aspersions of theological erTours respectfully, ror and ennobling mankind as the RICHARD W. YOUNG.

possessor of embryotic divinity.

A facsimile from the Book of Abraham

V\ \ V V VvTTTTT / ///// WW \ T f&r \\\\Hgg\\\//J* WW//////////////M.WWWWVUV12 // /. j

',//jjijj>///////////////777rr7TTl /7 / /77T/77T7T7(1/77/

CUT NO. 1. EXPLANATION OF ABOVE.

Fig. 1. The Angel of the Lord. 2. Abraham fastened upon an altar. 3,

the idolatrous priest of Elkenah, attempting to offer up Abraham as a sacrifice.

"JOSEPH SMITH, JR., AS A TRANSLATOR"465

4, The Altar for sacrifice by the idolatrous priests, standing before the gods of

Elkenah, Libnah, Mahmackrah, Korash, and Pharaoh. 5, the idolatrous god

of Elkenah. 6, The idolatrous god of Libnah. 7, The idolatrous god of Mahmackrah. 8, The idolatrous god of Korash. 9, The idolatrous god of Pharaoh. 10, Abraham in Egypt. 11, Designed to represent the pillars of heaven,

as understood by the Egyptians. 12, Raukeeyang, signifying expanse, or the

firmament over our heads; but in this case, in relation to this subject, the

Egyptians meant it to signify Shaumau, to be high, or the heavens, answering to the Hebrew word Shaumahyeen.

A facsimile from the Book of Abraham

CUT NO. 2. EXPLANATION OF THE FOREGOING CUT.

resior celestial, the to nearest creation, first the signifying 1 Kolob, Fig measurement the to pertaining last the in government, First of dence God time celestial which time, celestial to according measurement The time ol years, thousand to a is equal Kolob in day One to a cubit nne dav Egyptians IS; the is called by which earth, this of meksSement the Scordingto

Jah "eh - stands neX t to Kolob, called by the Egyptians Oliblish, which is

"represent God sitting upon his throne clothed with nlm?!Lbmade to

\o Ve tn Nah, MLhi3eaech, Ahrahan,, and ah TEen, eso SS? a h H r, was revealed. priesthood the to whom

466 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Fig. 4. Answers to the Hebrew wor.l Raukeeyang, signifying expanse, or

the firmament of the heavens; also a numerical figure, in Egyptian signifying

1,000; answering to the measuring of the time of Oliblish, which is equal with

Kolob in its revolution and in its measuring of time.

Fig. 5. Is called in Egyptian Enishgo-ondosh; this is one of the governing planets also, and is said by the Egyptians to be the sun, and to borrow its

light from Kolob through the medium of Kae-e-vanrash, which is the grand key, or, in other words, the governing power, which governs 15 other fixed planets or stars, as also Floeese or the moon, the earth and the sun in their annual revolutions. This planet receives its power through the medium of Kliflos-ises, or Hahko-kaubeam, the stars represented by numbers 22 and 23,

receiving light from the revolutions of Kolob.

Fig. 6. Represents the earth in its four quarters.

Fig. 7. Represents God sitting upon his throne revealing through the heavens the grand KeyWords of the Priesthood; as also, the sign of the Holy

Ghost unto Abraham, in the form of a dove.

Fig. 8. Contains writing that cannot be revealed unto the world; but is to

be had in the holy temple of God.

- at the present time. Fig. 9. Ought not to be revealed

Fig. 10. Also.

Fig. 11. Also. If the world can find out these numbers, so let it be. Amen.

Figs. 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, and 20 will be given in the own due time of

the Lord.

The above translation is given as far as we have any right to give at the present time.

A facsimile from the Book of Abraham

CUT NO. 3. EXPLANATION OF THE ABOVE CUT.

1. Abraham sitting upon Pharaoh's throne, by the politeness of the king,

with a crown upon his head, representing the Priesthood, as emblematical of the grand Presidency in Heaven; with the sceptre of justice and judgment in

his hand. 2. King Pharaoh, whose name is given in the characters above, his hea.d.

3. Signifies Abraham in Egypt; referring to Abraham, as given in the

ninth number of the Times and Seasons. (Also as given in the first facsimile of this book.)

4. Prince of Pharaoh, King of Egypt, as written above the hand.

5. Shulem, one of the king's principal waiters, as represented by the

characters above his hand.

6. Oiimlah, a slave belonging to the prince.

Abraham is reasoning upon the principles of astronomy, in the king's court.

By Unmapped Paths

BY JOSEPHINE SPENCER

The rows of typewriters in the big class room were cowled in their gray covers and the crowding footsteps on the stair had died away. One only of the class slight figure fronting remained—a

the professor's desk.

"What can I do for you, Giles?"

"Nothing, sir, I guess."

Prof. Farley looked up quickly at the boy's pale face and lips

set in unusual bitter line, then drew him into the empty seat beside him.

"You are in trouble. Tell me about it, Giles."

The boy's proud -reserve broke under a ring of true interest in the other's tone.

"I suppose you know the most of it,"he said, presently it has meant"about my father; but you don't know about—what

fight I'vefor things put in my way. I wasn't had—the me—the

in my 'teens when it happened, and it's seven years since, but not for a day or hour have they let me forget. It killed my mother,

and it looks as if it would kill me—or end me some way. You've

seen how it has been here; it's like that everywhere. They seem

before.to resent my trying to be decent—to wipe out what's gone

stand for enoughThat's what I wanted to do—to make my name

all. let me—that'sright here to make up for—father. They won't

I'm about ready to give up the fight."

The man laid his arm tightly about the lad's bent frame.

"It's only just begun, Giles, and the hindrances you've met are only hurdles. There's your whole lifetime before you to win

out. These petty souls who fling cobbles and set up logs to trip

you are not the real judges nor arbiters. You've made a good

race so far. I've watched you, my boy, and know some of your

trials.

The boy groaned. "Eight years—"he faltered.

"I know,"interrupted the other, "it's time you had rest.

Even the pugilists go into a corner, now and then, for breath. You

it recompense forhave given your home town a fair trial—offered

a sin not your own, with the best endeavor a young life could give. Its cold shouder is a blot on its own fame, bigger than

the one you are suffering for. I don't blame you for wanting to

clear your shoes of its dust."

468 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the only thing "I wanted to make it proud of me—it seemed

that could right his wrong."

"You can still do that, Giles; but your race to your goal can

be made on another track. I've a place for you with me, if you

like. I'm starting"out west, when the school term's out. I can

give you a position as assistant in my night school; and out there

where you're free from these purely local naggings, there will be other chances as well."

The slender hand which grasped the professor's was trembling.

"I guess you've saved me. It looked like there was nothing

for me but the down way."

"Never talk tobogganing, Giles. It's an outof-date sport.

This is the airship age, you know; any of us can soar that has

nerve and skill for the flight."

"I'm ready to try, if—"

"There are no ifs out there where the skies are mostly blue, and plains horizonless. Big spaces breed big people, lad. You'll

have your chance out there, and it don't need much of prophecy to say you'll likely—fly."

From a small side balcony two spectators watched the brilliant scene ballroom bright with myriad lights, its within—a

waxed floor thronged with moving couples.

"Have you counted the times those young people have danced together?"smiled the woman, as a pair, notably handsome and well dressed, drifted past the glass doors in front of

the balcony retreat.

"Every second turn,"smiled the other.

"Rather careless chaperonage. If I were the mother of a

girl with a dowery of a half million in sight, I shouldn't want her cultivating quite such an open intimacy with a man of his prospects."

"Oh, the Ramars are quite democratic, I understand. Knew

poverty themselves once, you know, and believe in showing tolerance. Not, I imagine, that they would nourish the mere fortune

hunter. They are all hard as steel when it comes to any kind of

trickery. But Giles Clancy is a different proposition. His life has

lad of seventeen. Whatbeen an open page since he came here—a

he lacks in fortune he makes up in character. Besides, he is in

a fair way to take good care of himself. Prof. Farley's death last

year made him virtual head of the business college. It means a

good living for a young fellow of his cleverness and grit."

"Good enough for the average girl—but Lois Ramar—

come. Let's have this next waltz and give "Hush—here they

them a chance."

BY UNMAPPED PATHS 469

The two slipped through one window as the young couple came through the other.

"Just in time,"smiled the girl. "This balcony seat is meant

only for the very elect."

"If I could believe myself in that category,"said her companion, holding the eyes, raised to his with a moment's steady gaze, "I could ask nothing more of fate."

"A seat in a side balcony is a small boon to ask at the hands of the benign goddess,"protested the girl, ignoring his meaning glance. "Its

importance in your estimation, implies that I must have tired you terribly in that last dance."

"As if you could ever tire me, Lois!"He

stopped abruptly, and turned from her with visible effort. "It at

least gives me the opportunity I had hoped for tonight,"he said, unsteadily, after a pause, "to say good by to you alone.""Goodby!"echoed

Lois. "You are going

away?""Yes. It must be "Goodby!"echoed Lois, 'You arethat or—going away? "But your work—

"I have already transferred my share in the college,"said

Giles, a suspicious catch in his voice. "There are only the

the farewells."

"But it has been so sudden—you—you—

"I have considered it for the past year, but I have been too loath, too cowardly to take the final stand. My resolution finally

was taken in a moment's desperate strength. I knew that I must

other way."do it—there was no

this underlies trouble—some "Giles—you?"try to help yousudden act. Can you let me know—todeep cause are trust—toin

There was a moment's silence, then he turned to her, his face pale but set with sudden purpose.

"Lois, I had hoped to leave you with your mind untainted by 470 IMPROVEMENT ERA

doubt of me, as I believe it has been in the past. But I shall tell

notyou my secret, so that you may know why I cannot—dare

speak to you of what is in my heart. I am the son of a felon,

Lois. My father, in my early childhood, robbed a bank of which

he was a trusted employe, and left us—my mother and me—to

live down his shame. She died. I struggled against it unsuccessfully for years, back there where we were all known, then came

to this far place for my rightful chance in the world. I thought

I met you. Then I knew that the past still held me. I had it—till

I could not ask you, or any other woman to share my life with that secret behind me. To live here in sight of you, with no hope

of winning you, is impossible. I am giving up the goal that I

have lived and worked for because it means nothing to me without you. In some other place I will take up the fight againlive my life as best I can without you—

"Giles!"Lois'hands clasped both of his, and her dark eyes

looked at him through tears. "Do you think I shall let you makethis who have won more than my love—sacrifice—you!"

"Lois "Wait, dear, and listen to me. What you have told me belongs to us, other need know. My father likes, alone—none

respects you. He is a hard man where personal honesty and integrity are concerned and he reveres courage, pluck, success. These

with him, are the prime credentials. You have all these—I knowthat with him they will pass—

Lois, this secret is not ours. "For myself, perhaps—but

Lois, ISome day my father will be released, and then I—No,

have spent wakeful nights with my bitter problem. Nothing can

solve it but renunciation."

"But if I am willing to face it?"

Giles pressed the white hands resting in his, to his lips.

"It means more than life to me, that you can offer this sacrifice."

"It is not that to me,"she answered. "I count your long

struggle as heroism. I myself will tell father. He shall judge

and decide for us, if you wish."

"If you go to him with my story and presumption in one breath—"The glass door opened, and John Barry, one of the guests of the night, came out on the little porch. "Cosy corner taken, I

see,"he smiled. "That's right. Cupid has first claim. I was

going to monopolize it for a business talk with McCraig here. By the way, Giles, you're the topic I was about

to discuss. McCraig's been left a fortune by some misguided

relative over in the old country, and is leaving us next week.

We heard you'd sold out the business college, and had you in mind for his place. Call in tomorrow at the bank, and have a

a

BY UNMAPPED PATHS 471

we can make it to your interest to stay here. Wetalk—perhaps

can't afford to let a young fellow of your caliber quit town."

He withdrew, dragging McCraig after him, and the two, left alone, gazed at each other silently.

"It is so sudden, and strange,"breathed Lois. "It seems

almost like a swift answer to my prayer."

"It is the one chance in ten thousand,"said Giles, "to prove myself, to make good what my father lost. If I succeed, then I

Ican go to your father myself, Lois—ask what my heart craves.

must take this chance, as you have said, as a veritable gift from heaven, leading both to you and to the other prize which I have cherished."

this secret of yours must "But you see, Giles, don't you—that

be ours alone for awhile. You mustn't begin hampered by suspicion, or even doubt. You've won a fair field for your home

shall wait forstretch, the fairest odds. As for me—I you—choose. If you—"But the restyear, a month or a day—as you

was smothered on a lapel of black broadcloth, behind a friendly screen of palms.

The Rev. Lee Ellis, walking rapidly toward the state's big

penal institution, paused suddenly at sight of a figure shuffling toward him in the wintry dusk.

"Out already, are you?"he asked, taking the other's hand in

a friendly clasp. "It's earlier than they expected, isn't it?"

"The papers came this morning. I've spent the afternoon

saying goodby to the boys."

"I should have regretted not saying goodby, too,"said the clergyman. "You've been a sort of light here in the midst of all

this. I'm looking for good things from you. A man that can get

such a reprieve from his term, for good behavior, ought to return some marked record to the world."

set lips. "If the world will A dark smile moved the other's

let him,"he said.

"The world is a better comrade than you think,"came the reply. "It will lift or strike down as a man may deserve—that's

will respond in kind."all. Show your good will by it—it

His companion pointed back to the grated pile of brick behind him. "There's four men back there that went out some time

after I went in. They all had good intentions, fine resolves. Now

they are all inside again. Who's to blame?"He smiled sardonically while the other looked at him in silence.

back. You have conscience, pride, incennot come '"You will a child—wife, ative—perhaps too, "Neither. My wife died; my son disappeared—died,

perhaps."472 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"You can go back to the home place, and make good."

The man laughed loudly, derisively.

is toward the "My home place skirts the Atlantic. My way

far west—leagues from my native home. If things go well—

who knows? I have learned here to make no resolves. It takes

two to make a bargain. The world is the best and biggest fellow

of the pair. I am waiting to see its hand."

He turned, and the clergyman, watching, saw his figure fade into the deepening twilight.

Westlake boasted a half dozen real J. G. Permagnates—J.

kins, who had cleaned up a half million in real estate when the town had its first boom; Job Ramar, head of its first bigdepart-

ment store; Melissa Briggs, who had come to Westlake in the

beginning as a clerk in the same institution, but had been lucky in mining speculations, and had stayed on here "to show the people who had looked down on her then, that she was a mite better than the best of them she'd waited on;"and last, but not least, three

Barry brothers, owners of the biggest bank in Westlake, and whose rumored profits therefrom, raised their prestige to a point exceeding the other local magnates, as the sun ranks to mortal vision above stars.

To be chosen firsthand to a position of trust with these men meant the highest voucher possible in the eyes of the community, and Giles Clancy, popular from the first for his geniality and good looks, sprang at once into social and business prominence. The

sale of his interest in the private college, which had been made quietly, posed now as a logical forerunner of this important advancement, whose salary, as well as prestige, counted for much more than his holdings in the educational institution.

The new incumbent of McCraig's important trusts therefore went to his duties with the feeling that new life had risen before him from figurative ashes of discouragement and hopelessness which had preceded its chance.

Almost a year had passed since the sudden vista opened before him, and he had no doubt of his standing with the men who had made it. A distinct proof of it had arisen recently. It was

nearing Christmas time, and the three brothers had resolved to make a trip to their old home in Wisconsin to spend the holiday with their parents, both now so aged that chances could but be well nigh over for their joint reunion.

Separately they had journeyed back once or twice, but an urgent message had come pleading that they all meet tooether once more beneath the home rooftree, and they had pledged themselves to this treat.

Giles'elation at this proof of trust was tempered only with anxiety for its adequate fulfilment. With the three heads o- ne,

BY UNMAPPED PATHS 473

responsibility rested inevitably upon himself, and when the time came he set himself a vigil which no circumstance save death might surprise into danger or defeat.

This resolved itself into a personal daily surveillance of the bank's affairs, and a nightly watch of the premises, that no possible chance might betray the trust in his hands. It meant an actual

waking vigil of four nights, and the last day found the young cashier feeling unmistakeable results of the unusual strain. It

was Christmas, which in Westlake dawned mild almost as Indian summer. Giles, waking at noon from a twohours'sleep after his

long night's watch, felt ambition at first hinged to the tempting couch which had given him his scant rest. Remembrance, however, of his holiday engagements, which included a full afternoon

with Lois, spurred him into quick activity.

Leaving Watson in charge at the bank, he went to his near boarding house, and after a quick breakfast, was picked up by his auto party for the long country drive planned to precede a later dinner at the Ramar home, and evening at the theater.

Watson, who had served as nightwatchman for the Barry brothers for fifteen years, took his own special trust in the absence of the "bosses"with much the same attitude as Giles. Sharing

alone with Giles the exact knowledge of the rather extended absence, he made the most of its importance. Twice since dusk he

had made rounds of the building in his holiday's special watch, and now entered again the Barry's private office, from whose cemented side wall opened the bank vaults.

"It's funny,"he muttered; "that's the same sound I fancied

I've heard two or three times this afternoon, and just after I'd left this room. I know the fastenings are all right. It must have been

from outside. Them horses'hoofs on the pavement sound like

hammers sometimes; it's not the first time they've fooled me.

I guess my nerves must have crossed wires with Mr. Clancy's

about this nightwatching business to set my imagination going this way. Think of his paying me extra for the week the bosses

is away, and then taking the brunt of the watch himself. The

responsibility must have gone to his brain. I'm not sorry,

takesthough, his taking the last part o'the night for his turn—it

a heap of strain off me. Bank robberies don't occur much in a

thoroughfare like this till the streets are clean of people, and if this institution was to be touched at all, it won't be till I'm safe at home. Ah! there's Mr. Clancy now."

The outer door opened as he spoke, and Giles entered.

"Hullo, Watson. Everything shipshape?"he asked.

"So far, Mr. Clancy. If you'll pardon my saying it, there'll

be no burglar in the bank tonight if your end of the job is as neat done as mine."

a

474 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I must certainly try to emulate you, Watson,"laughed

Giles, "and here's a little extra for the holiday overtime."

"Thank you, Mr. Clancy. You've been generous enough already without that, but I must say it hasn't been a cheerful afternoon here by myself."

"We can congratulate ourselves that the special watches end tonight, Watson."

"Bosses home tomorrow, Mr. Clancy?"

"Yes, and the next holiday they take away from Westlake together, I hope will be in the millennium when we won't need extra watches set for burglars."

"That sentiments mine, Mr. Clancy, provided it wouldn't let

me out of a good job. I'll say good night, sir."

"Good night,"laughed Giles. He took off his overcoat and

hat as Watson disappeared, then gazed for a moment longingly at the couch piled with cushions through Lois'insistence, for his supposed snatches of sleep through the night. "That couch is a

temptation,"he muttered. "Dear girl, I wonder what she would

say, if she knew my head had not touched those cushions once in my four nights'watch."He took out his timepiece. "Twelve

six long hours to kill. Well, I'll straighteno'clock—that means

in a hard enough knot toout those Moseby accounts—they're

keep me awake, if anything will."

Going to the desk he took from its drawer a roll of foolscap, and then a revolver, and laying the latter aside at his elbow, sat down at the desk and began work at the papers. At the end of

half an hour his head dropped, and he caught himself with a start.

Figures, names, everything blurred together.

"It's the big Christmas dinner, I guess,"he muttered. "Makes

my head heavy as lead."He rose, walked about the room, and

came back with new determination. Twenty minutes'work—

weary task. Again his head dropped, this time without notice. His

eyes closed, his chin fell upon the arms outstretched upon the desk.

A half hour passed—another. The clock from the neighboring

town hall struck two. Then something strange happened. A block

of tiling at the rear end of the room moved, rose, and swung back as if on hinges. A head appeared, to be quickly withdrawn; then

a figure crept through the opening, followed by another. They

moved, softly, rapidly, toward the sleeping man at the desk.

Giles roused to gaze dazedly into the muzzle of a revolver.

"Hands up!"breathed the man. tell you "Quicker—IWhat do you take us for? Walk out here—away from the desk

I tell you! I see you've got your gun there, handy, but—farther,

I'll spare you the trouble of using it. Jake, take your rope and tie

him to the desk. Now, go through his pockets. Got everything?

Now, my young friend, I've a business proposition to make, and if you're quick at figuring, you'll jump at the snap I'm going to

BY UNMAPPED PATHS 475

put in your way. I've a litle box here, with some dangerous

material inside; and I'm going to make fireworks of you if you

waste any time giving us the combination to that vault. Be good,

my boy, and nothing worse shall happen to you than the ropes, there, and a mouthpiece to keep you still. Disoblige us, and we'll

make a bonfire of the vault after we finish you. Don't believe me,

I see. Think the noise is a little too much risk? Well, the explosion won't count. I'm an inventor, you see, and my little box is

soundless. It's filled with dynamite, but its noise goes off in

vapor. I'll give you a second's more time to tell, then I'll set

this box at your feet, and light the fuse. Understand?"

Laying down his revolver, the man took from his pocket a small tin box, unrolling from around it a long fuse. Just then his

companion came hastily forward with a scrap of paper which he had taken from Giles'pocketbook.

"Here's something I found hid tight away in the lining of just what wehis purse. Looks like a puzzle on it—it might be

want. You're an expert at these things. See if you can pick

sense out of that."

The man took it eagerly. "Looks natural to me. We'll have

a try at the vault with these figures."

He ran quickly to the vault, and after a few dexterous turns, came back jubilantly to his partner.

"It's a go,"he whispered. "Here, take this and gag him. If

anyone else turns up, shoot. I'll take care of the rest."

Giles stood with set teeth, his face sculptured in the dim light into resemblance of white marble.

"Wait,"he breathed. "You were about to set fire to that

fuse at my feet. I want you to do it, before you enter that vault."

The elder man turned back for a curious look.

"This little surprise party must have turned his brain,"said the other. "Did we catch a remark from you?"asked the elder, sarcastically..

"I ask you to kill me; blow me up, shoot, strangle—anything

so that I'm dead when you leave this place."

"I say, Jake,"said the elder. "We can't waste time on a lunatic. The asylum will get him in the morning."

"Oh, I'm not insane,"said Giles. "I'm asking you to show me

fair play, that's all."

The elder man stared a moment, then grinned. "Here's the situation, Jake,"he said. "With a bank clerk left in charge of things,

and the money gone on a tight little combination that nobody knows but him, who's to believe, when he's found next day with a rope tied just like he could tie it around himself, that there's anybody but him been in on the job? It lets us, or anybody else,

out of so much as a suspicion!"

a

476 IMPROVEMENT ERA

( riles'teeth crimsoned with a line of red from his nether lip.

"I want you men to hear me,"he said. "If you were in court

on trial for your life, you'd want a fair chance, wouldn't you you'd want everything possible done to keep you from the hangman!"

The men looked at him with dawning interest, and Giles went rapidly on.

"I'm in the selfsame fix. I'm on trial here tonightfor things

that mean more to me than life—my good name, faith, integrity

all the things I've worked for in years? Men, I want to tell you

the story of my life."

ain't got "Cut it,"said the younger man, disgustedly. "We

time for Sundav school spiels, tonight."

"It won't take long,"pleaded Giles. "Besides, there's no one

to disturb you. The nightwatchman is gone for the night

there's no one else to interfere. I'm frank with you, you see, because I want you to believe that I'm sincere."The younger man

turned away sneering, but the other detained him.

"It's sort of interesting,"he jibed. "A new kind of enterthis life is something worth while—tainment—and species—in

little while. Go ahead with your declamation, young man, but

don't build up false hopes. We haven't spent three months getting through that floor to fluke the spoil now it's in hand."

Giles took a long breath. Heaven itself could have been no

dearer just then than this reprieve.

"It's like this, men,"he said. "You are dealing me the hardest sentence a man ever suffered; worse than stripes, or prison

the gallows. I've had a hard time, men; I was started inbars—or

life wrong."

The younger man for the first time showed signs of interest, coming to join his companion who sat with crossed legs on the desk. Giles took his chance eagerly, talking quietly, his quickdrawn breath now and then showing his desperate tension.

"At the very beginning,"he said, "my father cut me off from the chances most men are born with. I was respectably born,

with a name above reproach. My father went back on the

are doing tonight,chances those things gave. He did—what you

but it was a worse crime than yours, for he was a trusted em-

I am now of this."ploye of the bank he robbed—as

The elder man moved nervously, his dark eyes devouring

Giles'face.

"He was caught, and went to prison. That was bad enough,

but not all; for his disgrace tainted us all—killed his wife, robbed

his son of prestige, respect, his every chance in the community he knew and loved best. I faced life alone when I most needed

protection; and above everything hung the shadow of my blighted

name. I lived under its cloud. It shut me from -every means of

BY UNMAPPED PATHS 477 reputable livelihood. Employment, trust—for the son of a criminal? Well, I won't tell it all. I made my fight with courage, God

pesknows. I met rebuffs till the sound of them was a scourge—a

tilence that tainted every hope. I wanted to stay there in my

native place, and build something that should live down my father's shame, a record that should help to whiten his. But its blight

was too deadly, there, in my native home; I had to leave Chesley."

rather. He looked at Giles with glazed eyes.per—a"Chesley!"gasp repeated the elder man. His voice was a whis-

"Then I came out west,"said Giles, his heart beating wildly at the gleam of hope in the others'interest. "Here, in a strange

place, where none knew me, I took up the fight again. God knows

how carefully I have worked! Finally, I won this position of

trust. It has been dearer to me than anything save my hope of

it means all that I've set stakes to win. Don't youheaven—for

see what it work tonight? It means that you are means—your

wiping out all that I've won. If this bank is robbed, nothing can

If you are men, you won't leavesave me from blame—suspicion.

me alive here to bear that blight."

The younger man laughed. "We're under a blight, too, my

boy. We know just how you are goin'to feel—eh, Red?"He

started toward the vault, but stopped at a sharp word from his companion. "Keep away from that vault."

"What you say?"said the other, incredulously.

"You heard what I said. Get back into the hole."

The other reached for a rear pocket, but the elder quickly the floor. Now go."leveled his pistol. "Drop that gun—on

The other began a slow retreat toward the opening in the tiled floor. "I'll be halfmasted to a gallows'tree if you ain't clean

off your head,"he muttered. "Do you know what you're doin'?

Pikin'from the neatest job that ever fell head over heels into a mutt's all for a Sabbath school chin from a smoothway—and

tongued kid."

planned it, and if I "Thats'my affair. This is my job—I

not your stunt to askchoose a way of my own for ending—it's

questions. Get down there, I said."

The other looked at him ferociously, threateningly for a moment, then dropped from view through the floor.

"You heard what he said?"asked the elder. "Well, perhaps

he's right. But I'm going to give you that chance you've been

perhaps, if I'd thoughtworking for: I've been a bad man—but

it all been different. pictured it—it might have out—like—you've I didn't see. I didn't look so far ahead. But there think—you

it's no use now. It's done, and there's no going back. You'll not forget I tried—this—that

478 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"That yon saved me,"interrupted Giles. "I shan't forget it

through all my life."

"That's all, except this. I want you to let it help you to wipe

the man you told about in out hard feelings against your—against

your story."

"It shall. For years I have treasured hatred for him, but you have changed that. Good must be in him, too, since you—

"Keep him in your mind as a creature like me—who went

down maybe in an hour's strong temptation."

"In five years my father will be released from prison. I shall

know what to do. Your deed of tonight has taught me a new

I am duty to him. Before, it was estrangement—retaliation.

strong enough now to forgive, and to aid him."

"No, not that. He don't deserve to come into your life again.

he's done enough. He must make It would only hurt you—and his own atonement, and from what I know—of my own heart—he will do that. He needed only to be shown how far—how deadly

sure a man's acts reach hands into the future. He'll not come

back to pile up issues in your life. He will straigthen out his own

by himself, for his own sake, and for yours. There, I'll cut those

ropes. You can show them tomorrow to prove your story. That

opening in the floor must be accounted for and closed. Don't let

them put a trust like this on you again, as you value all you hold dear! No safeguards are sure against desperate men, nor against

treachery. For—my—don't let either pull you down—from what

you've won."He took a knife from his pocket and cut the ropes

which bound Giles. As he did so a low voice reached them.

"Red,"it whispered, "there's a peeler outside. Looks like he

has scented something. Be quick or you'll be pinched."

Without a word the man turned, and in an instant disappeared in the tile trap.

The next day, in the precincts of the Barry brothers'private room, Giles told the three brothers the details of his close escape, then went over the story of his own life, keeping nothing back.

"I perhaps made a mistake in keeping this from you, but I

Iwanted my chance—everything in life depended upon it—and

feared that once known, my secret might be the it blight—that

was back there. Tonight I shall tell the father of the girl I love

what I have told you. You all shall take me henceforth on my

at all. If I lose out, it will be better than thisown character—if

life I live now, dreading each day's possible discovery. When myfather is released it must be known, for I—

"You say his term is up in five years?"questioned the elder

Barry. "How do you know that he is not already released—on

pardon?"Giles turned pale. "I had not thought of that. I had counted

so long on the time of respite from facing him."

BY UNMAPPED PATHS 479

John Barry came and laid his arm about Giles'shoulders.

start, my "Did it not occur to you last night?—Don't boy—you may be sure he is the true cause of your escape. I shall look into

there is no doubt in my own mind that you it, to make sure—but

owe your preservation father. If he gave up all that, to—your last night, you may be sure he will keep the pledges made to you

that you will never see him again."

Giles rose dazedly to his feet, wavered a moment, and fell back in his chair.

"Fainted!"said John Barry. "And no wonder. What do

you think of a man,"he said, as he bathed Giles'face with the water the others had hastily brought, "who will keep a personal vigil of four nights, and ask for death rather than stand for the betrayal of his trust? Here is the proof of it in a letter I received

this morning, undoubtedly from the criminal himself. To me it

is all the proof I want, aside from what we know of Giles'record, that we have chosen the right man for the place."

And in one breath the others acquiesced.

New Year's night came cold and clear, and against its purple sky bright lights gleaming from the Ramar home shone starlike in brilliancy. Indoors they lit a scene of radiant happiness.

Quietly wedded during the day, Lois and Giles sat at the head of a banquet table spread in their honor, a smiling pair, facing a score of close friends bidden to share with them the celebration of the quickly planned event. For Henry Ramar, listening a week

before with dim eyes to the young man's story, would brook no further delay.

"You've been the man of my choice for my daughter since I first laid eyes on you, and since I know the struggle you've made,

I'd pick you out of ten thousand for her husband. Besides, I

need a young head to help in my finances. There's no reason why

you shouldn't step right in and take the place my son would have taken, had I been blessed with one. I suppose I'll have a

fuss with the Barrys. They sort of think they've got all the

rights there are going about you. But any way, I don't want you

and Lois to wait any longer. You've been courting her for two

years, and that's long enough. Besides, you need a holiday after

your long siege of watching. I want you to take a work—and

in Southern California willlayoff for two weeks—a honeymoon

be just the thing."

And so it was that the New Year found Giles Clancy beginning life in a new way, with no haunting hate nor fear to darken his thought. And night after night, as months and years passed,

went up his faithful prayer that the lonely one in places afar and unknown, might work out his reparation finally to meet with those other dear ones to whom his welfare was dear. So, he

480 IMPROVEMENT ERA

believed it would be. For to each soul with selfpurpose turned

lit the shepto redemption, shines out that star of promise which herds'gaze one night in Galilee. To ourselves the fight, to a sure

hereafter, the reward.

"Build thee more stately mansions, oh, my soul,

As the swift seasons roll!

Quit thy lowvaulted past!

Let each new temple, nobler than the last,

Shut thee from heaven with a dome more vast,

Till thou at length art free Leaving thine outgrown shell by Life's unresting sea."

Only a Miner

He's only a miner, "part human,"they say,

Who works for his living, works by the day.

Far away from the sunlight, under the hill,

You'll find him there with his hamer and drill.

He's known by a number, a little brass check

He strings to his watch, or hangs 'round his neck;

He receives it at morn, and goes to his work,

Where darkness, sickness, and danger all lurk.

He's only a miner who works by the glim,

Till his face grows pale and his eyes grow dim.

You scarcely could find one who's freer than he

To spend of his means to aid charity.

His companion laid low by blast or by cave,

He lays him away to rest in the grave.

He visits the widow; gives courage to strive;

Then gives of his means to help her survive.

He's only a miner, so give him a chance;

'Twill do you no harm, and he may advance.

Uplift him by proving your cause to be right;

Improvement will come with freedom and light.

Oppression hath wrought no good in the world;

But by it nations have downward been hurled.

Though he is a miner, he's true as his steel,

Will never! no never! to avarice kneel!

M. A. Stewart.

BISBEE, ARIZONA The Significance of Belief

BY WILLIAM J. SNOW, OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

One often hears the remark, "It makes no difference what one believes, so long as he does the right thing."At first

thought this seems plausible and consistent. Righteousness is the

great aim of individual struggle; hence, if the conduct is proper

and right, there is not much ground for questioning belief. Viewing the matter, then, from this standpoint, it matters not whether

one bears the stamp of orthodoxy or heterodoxy, so long as one's life is above reproach. Is the position tenable? Let us examine

it more critically.

In the first place it should be made clear that it is not the purpose of this article to defend any particular orthodoxy, or to argue for fixity of belief with reference to various particulars and assumed objective facts. On the contrary, it seems to the writer

that change is the law of life, and that it reaches into the religious field as well as everywhere else. In fact two of the basic pillars

of "Mormonism"rest upon this law of change, and have no meaning without it. These are, "eternal progression,"and "continuous

revelation."Progress is but another name for change—change

continuous revelationfrom a lower to a higher condition,—and

means new principles, new light from heaven to meet the new conditions constantly arising. This digression seemed necessary

here to make clear the aim of the paper, which is to show that it does matter very materially what one believes.

We may now examine more closely the statement, "It makes no difference what one believes, so long as he does what is right."The prime fallacy in this lies in the assumption that belief

and action are separate and independent realities; that each exists

for itself alone. The fact is, they are intimately associated elements in the same process; neither can manifest itself without the

other. In short, action inevitable grows out of and is dependent

upon some belief, either immediately present, or remotely associated with it.

To be sure, there are various beliefs which do not appear to have any connection with the moral or spiritual life. Of such

character are beliefs in external facts, or mere historical particulars. It certainly matters little whether one believes that the

482 IMPROVEMENT ERA

earth was made in six days or in six million years; or whether one

can give intellectual assent to the historical accuracy of the Jonah story or the story of Lot's wife turning into a pillar of salt. But

it does matter very much whether or not one believes the Bible to be a great revelation of God's ministry among his children, and of his creative power in the formation of the earth. It matters but

little whether one believes that the Savior himself baptized, or whether he left the performance of that ceremony to his disciples but it does matter materially whether one believes that he was the

Redeemer of the world and the Author of salvation—the One who

brought life and immortality to light through the gospel. It matters little whether one believes Joseph Smith was born in Sharon

or South Royalton; or that he said the city of Enoch was taken

out of the Gulf of Mexico, or that he was scientifically and historically accurate in every statement; but it makes a vital difference whether or not one believes that Joseph Smith was the

prophet of this latter day dispensation, and the revealer of mighty truths for the exaltation of man. Upon all these generalized

beliefs depend one's attitude towards life, one's course of action.

Indeed, beliefs in principles or truths are always anticipatory, and always represent bases of action with reference to remote ends.

What one believes, then, with reference to basic religious concepts, is a key to what one is and what one will become. This

being true, it is of vital concern that educational influences make for optimism, and promote faith in God, faith in man, and faith in the triumph of right. Let each, then, express his hopes and

beliefs; for all have doubts enough of their own.

But now let us consider some practical illustrations of "beliefs and actions."The discussion thus far has been largely academic.

The conclusions reached, however, are confirmed by the life of individuals and peoples. A study of the history of nations will

show that the most fundamental fact about them all is their religious belief. The character of their civilization and the nature of

their achievements are explained with reference to their beliefs.

The antiquities of the Egytians are but a reflex of their faith in the future. Whence their mighty monuments? Why their skill

in embalming their dead? What the motive for their art and

sculpture? An analysis of their beliefs will furnish us the

answers we seek.

THE SIGNIFICANCE OF BELIEF 483

They held very tangible, though crude, notions of the future life; the continuance of life after death was conditional upon the

preservation of the body. If the body were destroyed, the soul

would degenerate; and, though it might drag on an existence, it

would be greatly hampered and narrowed in its activities. Hence,

the first need was the devising of ways and means for the preserving of the body. Huge pyramids were built as monumental

tombs for the dead. These have endured throughout the ages.

The art of embalming attained such perfection that now, after four thousand years, we may look upon the actual faces of the dead

Pharaohs.

But these activities are not all that are traceable to the beliefs of the Egyptians; their sculpture and art arise from the same

source. Believing that the soul needed food after death as well as

before, they placed by the side of bodies tempting viands; but also

believing the soul utilized only the spirit or double of these things, pictures began to be substituted for the realities. Then again,

believing that, if perchance the body should be destroyed, a mechanical substitute might suffice, sculptural images and statuettes began to be buried with the body. Thus art and sculpture grew

up. In short, all the leading struggles and important achievements

of the Egyptians were but the working out of beliefs.

What is true of Egypt as a nation is largely true of all other nations. Jastrow says, in his history of the religion of the Babylonians and Assyrians, that their religious beliefs are the most

fundamental facts about them, and that they furnish the basis of explanation for all other facts. In the case of the Babylonians,

however, their chief concern was their present existence and not the future. Their acts were measured by the effect such acts were

supposed to have upon the immediate situation. The favor of the

gods was sought in the interest of present undertakings. This

was largely true, too, of Greece and Rome. But in all cases essential actions and national and individual character were the outgrowths of generalized beliefs.

Perhaps no more striking example of the influence of belief can be had than that furnished by the Hindus. They believed the

end of life to be individual annihilation, or absorption in Nirvana.

Out of Nirvana everything arose, and in Nirvana everything would find completion and perfection. There, identity would be lost,

484 IMPROVEMENT ERA

individual consciousness would be lost, nothing left but universal spirit. Acting upon this belief, they tried constantly to deliver

themselves from life, to crucify all desire, to rid themselves of instincts, to blot out all physical desires. In the place, then, of

material civilization, the creation of those things that minister to the desires and conveniences of society, there was isolation, meditation, hermitage, personal sacrifices and physical torture of all kinds. It is said that some Hindu philosophers kept their hands

clenched until their finger nails grew through the palms of their hands. Stories are related, too, of the Hindu mother throwing

her babe into the mouth of the crocodiles, as a religiousrite.

Again we see that belief, conditions and conduct shape civilization.

This idea of sacrifice was carried over into Christian times, and formed emphasis in the monastic system that grew up in the socalled "Dark Ages."The monks believed in a life of austere

selfdenial; exaltation of the spirit was to be obtained through

the crucifixion of the flesh. Instincts and desires were not as now

to be rationalized and expressed, but denied and suppressed.

Social pleasures were therefore denied and society was shunned.

Monasteries grew up and salvation was largely confined within their walls. Physical abasement was considered a means of spiritual enlargement. Some examples of selftorture and selfab-

negation almost equal anything expressed in India. Tennyson's

"Simeon Stylites"presents a vivid picture of the monk of the

Middle ages. In any age the belief or beliefs selected for emphasis will determine largely the standard of individual conduct

and the trend of community effort. During the Mediaeval period,

even the architecture was distinctively reflective of the "otherworldliness"of the time.

The Latterday Saints exemplify strikingly the significance of belief. Two phases of their religious life may serve to illustrate this point. The revealed word of God to them, and in which

the believe most sincerely, declares moral purity to be an essensalvation. In fact it affirmstial—a very fundamental one—of

that an adulterer could not enter the kingdom of heaven. In

every "Mormon"community, and at the hearthstone of every "Mormon"home, this ideal of virtue is held up, and belief in the dire consequences of its violation is engendered. The result

is a rugged purity which can scarcely be found anywhere else

THE SIGNIFICANCE OF BELIEF 485

in the world. The writer recalls that in the town in which he

was reared, there was but one lapse from virtue in the first twentyfive years of the town's history. This single incident shocked the

whole community. This town was but typical of the whole territory

at that time. If moral turpitude is creeping into our community,

and we cannot be blind to the fact that such is the case, should not all means that are adopted for its eradication be reenforced by the belief that our Father in heaven looks with no degree of allowance upon moral impurity? In other words, will not a virile

faith in God be the great force against this evil, as against every other? Such a belief in the hearts of Latterday Saints before

worldly influences crept into their midst, produced the desired results.

Now, as to a second phase of their life in these valleys. They

believe, and always have believed, implicitly in the positive assertion of Joseph Smith the Prophet, that "no man can be saved in ignorance."This conception has always constituted a vital motive

urging them on to educational efforts. In every condition, in

poverty and in prosperity, in trial and in peace, no effort has been spared, no sacrifice has been considered too great, to provide facilities for the proper training and education of the people. As a

result of this (we do not ignore the help and cooperation of those who have come among us), Utah ranks enviably high among the states of the Union in education.

Briefly summed up, my contention is that it does make a difference as to what one believes, that belief is the basis for action, and that as such it has all the force of an ideal which is set up as a goal of endeavor. Vital, then, is it that our boys and girls

be surrounded by influences that make for optimism and a combelief that will not be seriously prehensive belief in the gospel—a

shocked or undermined by the discovery of certain historical inaccuracies in the Bible, or by the shattering of certain mechanical idols to which we have been devoted. Nor need we turn our

backs upon any field of knowledge. Security depends upon being

frank, and honest, and openminded. It is for us in our religion

to select for emphasis that which in our day and time seems most applicable to the conditions, remembering that "Truth's eternal, but her effluence, with endless change, is fitted to the hour."

PROVO, UTAH IBY"Lucr&xi:tRJYTisav.

Chapter VIII—Peavine

Since the first camp at Peavine, when Ben played with the

Soorowits children, Fred Rojer spent from one to three weeks in that grove every summer, and every summer he brought the boy along as an indispensable part of the outfit.

After the ten days with Montana, at Rincone, a brief week passed in town before father and son made camp at Peavine again.

And again the world wagged easy, and all nature moved to its own tune, with the ease and unconcern of the butterfly's flitting over the stretches of grass and flowers.

Ben had no Stripes on which to lavish the caresses of his cayuseloving, dogdevoted nature, for Flossy's insolent treatment of Bowse, had made a slight breach of friendship between herself and the browneyed boy. But Fred Rojer gave his son

a threeyear-old colt, and the only real work the two did in a week, was to accustom Ben and the colt to each other's ways, so that one dared to ride and the other dared to allow it. They made

this a quiet, pleasant task for two hours every morning and evening, devoting the rest of the day to books and dialogue, lounging under the trees, hunting grouse, or gum, or squirrels, as the inclination of one or the other happened to indicate. Together they

found the nests of birds, and watched the chipmunk frisk on the limb; they saw the timid deer browse the oak leaves in the early

morning, and watched the sun sink into the red deserts to the west.

Young Rojer could not understand it, though he enjoyed it immensely. Why they should lose so much time in this place

every summer, became more of a problem all the time. One evening when they had rambled about a good deal, and accomplished

little so far as Ben could see, he came out with a direct question

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 487

"How is it, Pa, that we camp here so much and do so little while we are here? If it were Jud, he'd spend about a day rounding up

these horses, and two days breaking 'em, and then he'd be ready for something else."

"Yes, I suppose he would, son; but you're not Jud, neither

am I."In the pause which followed, young Rojer began to fear he had given offense; "I didn't mean to be rude,"he explained.

"I'm not angry,"assured his father, ''I was just wondering whether you're ready to hear something—something I've been

intending for a long time to tell you."

"What is it?"asked the boy eagerly.

"Did you ever read, 'Having eyes, they see not, and ears, hear not?'"Oh, yes, I've read I an awfully dull boy?"it,—why? am

"Not that, but there are things which men could see if they would, yet very few care enough to make the effort. Most men

have trained their attention and set their hearts so continuously upon the sources from which there might come a dollar, that they have become deaf and blind and stupid, to the very best things ofearth. Yet there are men who might see, even here—

"A spirit?"

"No, I wasn't going to say that, but they would see and hear things in this grove, about which, we have never talked. Since

you were a little babe, I have hoped you would have eyes and ears for something nobler than a dollar, and I have brought you here, and watched to see if you noticed the thing which first attracted me to this grove."

"What is it, Pa?"asked young Rojer, poking the smouldering

fire, and trying to recollect everything in the peaceful woodland around them, "I know every tree and bird's nest in this grove. Is

it the wind? Is there something in these trees which I can't see?"

"It may be in the wind, or the rain, or the clouds, but they are not it, for it can be seen and heard when they are still. If I

should string all the a-b-c's out in their order before you, they wouldn't spell anything, would they?"

"No, sir.""And yet you know the name of each letter, and you know they can be arranged to spell any word and form any sentence."

"I know that about the letters, but I thought you were going to tell me about the thing hiding among these quakingasps."

"Do you remember how printed pages looked to you before you could read?"

"Oh, yes, they looked about like a Mexican newspaper looks now."things hiding in these trees are something "That's it—the

like the thoughts hiding in the Mexican newspaper. The words

488 IMPROVEMENT ERA

arc in sight on the paper, but to you they have no meaning. Now

in this grove you see the green leaves, and the nests and the squirrels; you see the clear water boil out of the hillside, and

hear it ripple away down the canyon; you hear the birds singing

these is only a letter in Nature's greatandleaves,—butthe wind eachblowingone; ofyou hear the rain and the mild rustle of the

alphabet. Nature arranges these letters in groups, and if we

know them, we may read whole sentences and chapters. Do you

see what I mean?"

I wouldn't know how to begin with such "Well, partly—

letters.""See what this spells: The rotten log is gray and brown

is gray and brown,the chipmunk lives in the log—the chipmunk

so that he can hardly be seen when he sits still on the log."

"Oh, I couldn't guess that."

"See my pocketknife, it has sharp blades, but they close down and don't cut my pocket.

Now how did there happen to be a knife of that kind?"

"Men made it just, to carry in the pocket."

"Then the men who made it, knew about pockets and what they need. Now who

colored the chipmunk's coat and why?'"Oh, I see, the Lord suited the chipmunk to the log—or

the log to the chipmunk."

"Or both? And what must

have prompted Him to do so much for such a little creature?"

"It must have been love."

"That's it,—'All around

and all above bear this record

God is love.'The chipmunk

and the log may seem to you a little matter, but from these small beginnings, men have learned to hold communion with nature, and to understand "The wind blowing through these big her various language. For

pines means much to me."them 'she has a voice of gladness and a smile, and she expresses a healing sympathy'for all their heartaches and sorrows.

I camp here to look and listen. The rich tint of these wildVOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 489

flowers, and the sparkle of the spring, and the happiness of the birds in the trees, does me more good than you can imagine. The wind

blowing through these big pines means much to me, and as you grow older you'll hear it say wonderful things; it will talk of God

and plead the cause of men. I couldn't have borne with Josh so

long but for the words of this grove, and I want you to hear them, because you'll meet many men like Josh."

"What good things can this grove say about him?"

"It says the Lord lets us live on earth to prove the kind of stuff there is in us, and He brings Josh and me together that I might have more chance to do good, and show my courage to be fair while Josh is always so unfair. You are young, your blood is

hot, you like revenge for every injury. This voice will tame you

down like a colt is tamed, and you will see that as God is love for man, so man ought to be love for God's children. This voice says

that as we pity the blind when they fall into the pit, so we ought to pity the man so stupid and ignorant as to do the evil things which fill his life with misery."

"Have you heard voices in these trees since we came here first?""Yes, long before that, and not only here but in many places.

I have listened to it ever since I was a boy like you. I hope I'm

never too old to ride a horse, and hunt the good things of such places as this."

Long after they had gone to bed, Ben lay quietly looking up through the quakingasp limbs to the stars above, and listening to the mild summer breeze that made the leaves to tremble. He

heard the whippoor-will call from some indefinite place; he heard

the howl of the coyote from the canyons below, and wished he might read at once the mysterious meaning of it all. In it was

the voice of the Intangible, the words he could seldom understand; but behold they could be understood, for his father with

the eyes and ears of a man could understand them. Oh the eyes

and ears of a man! they must be similar to the eves and ears of

God!

Next morning as they pulled on their boots, "I've heard that voice you talked about last night,"young Rojer asserted, "I've it says."heard it a long time, but I can't tell much of what

"I felt sure you had, or I wouldn't have said so much,"answered his father. "It's a great thing to hear it, and a greater

thing still to comprehend it."

Ben named the bay colt Alec, and took great pride in this, his first bronco. Alec had a white hindfoot, a snip of white on

the nose, black mane and tail, graceful carriage and good action.

Before the camp left Peavine, a bridle displaced the rope hackamore, the saddle went on and off with less difficulty, and the colt half agreed to the strange requirements of his young master. Of

490 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cinchescourse, he couldn't always refrain from bucking,—those

were such ticklish thing's, and the rattle and squeak of the saddle so different to the sounds he had heard. Yet he meant well,

young Rojer looked into his big, frank, coltish eyes, and forgave all his mischievous pranks, just as one bighearted schoolboy forgives another. "He don't want to be mean,"Ben would say;

"he's just naturally good."

Alec was no dullard; he soon learned that the brownhaired

boy was a good fellow to meet, and he arched his neck with real pride when he carried young Rojer on his back. The Stripeslove, which had languished for years, and grown particularly

heavy when the outfit passed Greenwater, now rose up in a fresh, new form, and lavished itself on the bay colt. He was taught to

whirl, to start on the keen jump, to stop short off, or go straight ahead in good order while his master reached to the ground for a dragging rope. He must learn to eat oats, wear hobbles, and

behave skilfully on the saddleend of a lariat, for young Rojer was becoming an adept with the lasso.

While Ben and Alec were becoming acquainted, the shaggy old wagtail contrived to make himself an essential element of that acquaintance. Being always at young Rojer's heels, the old dog,

by some strange doginstinct, discovered around the bay colt an atmosphere of toleration, and upon it he promptly proceeded to build a friendship which could have been no more complete, even if Stripes had suddenly been resurrected from the bleaching bones at Greenwater. Alec was adopting new ways and associates, and

r ith such perBowse threw himself in at just the right time, and w sistency of dogdevotion, that the colt accepted him as a necessary part of the new performance, and a doghorse love clinched itself on both sides, before the horse discovered the dog to be his fellowservant.

Six weeks after the camp was moved from Peavine to town, plenty of men looked at the bay colt and jingled their silver at the boy and his father, but the father said, "He belongs to the boy,"and the boy said, "No, siree, I won't sell 'im."

(to be continued)

An Appropriate Text

It was the custom in a minister's family to have each member repeat a verse from the Bible at the beginning of every meal.

One day the fiveyear-old son had been naughty, and was put at a little table by himself by way of punishment. V/hen it came time

for his verse he said very solemnly, "Thou hast prepared a table before me in the presence of mine enemies."

Tribute to Orson P. Arnold

BY GEORGE C. LAMBERT

In the death of Orson P. Arnold, I am deprived of the association of a friend whose companionship I dearly prized. I have

reason, too, for the belief that the friendship and love I entertained for him were fully reciprocated. He was my David, and I his

Jonathan. I was reconciled to his death by the extended illness

that he endured, and I am now consoled by the hope that our association will be renewed in a future existence, when he will be freed from the bodily ailments from which he suffered in mortality.

In him was personified my ideal of many manly virtues.

A truer or more loyal friend probably never lived. He was

neither demonstrative nor effusive. He gushed not in

verbal expressions of friendship, but expressed himself in acts, rather than words, none the less effectively. One

could not mistake his friendship, or loyalty, for flattery or sycophancy. He was generous, sympathetic, considerate,

and ready to serve his living friends and to defend their - Arnoldmemories when dead. 0RS0N p

His honesty was of that sterling kind that knew no compromise. He despised trickery, pretense, and shams of every kind,

and never would profit by the ignorance of a person with whom he had dealings.

He was a truthful man. Some good men have the habit of

enlarging (perhaps unconsciously) upon things they relate from memory, especially when they repeat the narrative many times, and more especially when the narrative relates to their own exploits, and is favorable to them. Not so with Orson P. Arnold.

Whatever he said could be relied upon as unalloyed truth—though

possibly not the whole truth when it favorably related to himself.

492 IMPROVEMENT ERA

His disposition was overmodest and he was inclined to minimize his own credits by suppressing any part that would show favorably to himself. So far from being a braggart, he was even overmodest.

Though reserved, he was frank, direct and emphatic, in speech, and powerful in rebuke, when occasion required.

late in keeping an apHe was a most punctual man—never

pointment or in meeting an obligation, very orderly and methodical in all that he did. His tastes were simple, his thoughts were

clean, and his language choice and respectful. He had wonderful

selfrestraint, and seldom exhibited anger, however great the provocation.

He had an excellent memory, was a keen observer, and was a veritable encyclopedia of knowledge relating to things that had come under his observation, even as far back as his childhood.

He more than made up by attentive listening for whatever he lacked in volubility as a speaker. There was virtue in his taciturnity. He never bored anybody by talking, and seldom if ever

had reason to regret anything that he said. There are occasions

when silence serves better than speech, and he never missed any of these that came his way. His reticence afforded ample time for

thought, and when he spoke he was usually laconic to a marked degree, and displayed wisdom in what he said.

He had a high sense of honor, that led him to perform every duty well. He gave his best service to whatever task he undertook. He was determined and persistent, and hesitated at no selfsacrifice that duty or his generous impulses demanded.

His courage was not of the transient or intermittent kind, but constant as time, and unyielding as adamant. No one ever knew

him to quail. His nerve never forsook him in face of the most

appalling danger. Scores, possibly hundreds, of persons who

have seen him in the most perilous positions would, if asked, unhesitatingly declare, as Captain Lot Smith did, that they never knew a braver man.

No Spartan ever bore pain more stoically than he did, and

It is endurance was equally marvelous. When, in 1857, the bullet

from a comrade's gun, accidentally discharged, shattered his thigh bone, the wounded limb crumpled under him as he fell to the ground. His companions raised him up, straightened his limb,

and staunched the flow of blood by use of a tourniquet. They

hastily improvised a stretcher, placed him on it, and hurriedly resumed their journey, carrying him as best they could, for they were in great danger. They told of the agony he endured, as

evidenced by the perspiration that covered his face and saturated his clothing while he was thus carried for thirty miles! The

torture of thirst was added to his bodily pain, during that awful journey. It was a wonder he did not lose his reason. The subTRIBUTE TO ORSON P. ARNOLD 493

sequent jolting, as the journey homeward was continued by wagon for a distance of over two hundred miles, was a change, but no relief, to his suffering, heroically and uncomplainingly endured.

The crude surgery then available failing to afford other relief than the removal from the wound of the shattered portion of the main thigh bone, five inches in length, the suffering he endured the ensuing few years while by slow process the cartilage was forming to take the place of the lost bone must be imagined he never described it! His ambitious and independent nature

impelled him to action, and he served as gate keeper at President

Young's while still hobbling about on crutches.

From childhood, he had been passionately fond of horses, and previous to being shot was an expert horseman. He was

scarcely able to bear any weight on the wounded limb when he again began practicing riding, notwithstanding the fact that disuse for so long a period had rendered the knee of the wounded limb rigid, and the exercise must have caused him excruciating pain. He persevered, and in time was able to maintain his seat

in the saddle with equanimity, and, as his friends fondly hoped, with ease.

When, in the spring of 1866, the atrocities committed by Indians in Sanpete and Sevier counties became frequent and unbearable, he, with others, volunteered to go to the relief of the settlers, under command of Colonel Heber P. Kimball. It was a

very strenuous campaign, extending over three months. Not

only did he bear his full share of all the duties involved therein, but he performed special service by leading a small detachment on an extra hazardous and tiresome expedition, and all without his comrades knowing that he was not free from suffering as they were. Not until within two weeks of his death did I, who

have enjoyed his confidence perhaps more than any one outside of his own family, even suspect the extent of his suffering. While

calling upon him, as I did almost daily during his illness, I asked him, one morning, almost casually, how long it took for his wound to heal up after he was shot. He hesitated some time

before replying, and then said in a whisper, as if fearful of admitting it: "It never did heal up!"Amazed, I responded: "You

must have been in agony, then, every dav while you served on the Indian expedition, in 1866."He simply nodded assent. On

being pressed further to know if the exertion of ridinof horseback didn't cause the wound to suppurate, he reluctantly admitted that the discharge from the wound ran down into his boot every day.

Was human suffering or endurance ever less obtrusive? Did

sympathy for one's fellows ever find more sincere expression?

The fact that all who served on those Indian expeditions did so without hope of earthly reward, is not worth mentioning in 494 IMPROVEMENT ERA

comparison with the infinite sacrifice that he made to serve!

Some men are so eager for sympathy that they want their friends to know of every ailment they have. Orson P. Arnold was so

selfcontained and reserved that he didn't want his friends to know that he ever had an ailment. I am sure from his manner

that he never intended to reveal that family skeleton to anyone.

But how a knowledge of it glorifies acts and habits of his life that otherwise would seem commonplace! How remarkable that he

kept full abreast of his stalwart fellows in the activities of life with such a physical handicap! The fact that it was his daily

habit to arise at daybreak, pursue his tasks diligently throughout the day, frequently with great bodily exertion, and often maintain sleepless vigils at night, for friendship's sake, now becomes a marvel

Soon after he was wounded a number of doctors examined the wound and united in urging that the limb be amputated. This

President Brigham Young objected to, saying that he would yet be able to walk without crutches. He did, but probably never

latter fact, however,without suffering more or less pain—which

he was careful to conceal from his friends. It is doubtful whether

President Young, whom he served for about twenty years in different capacities, ever even suspected it.

How the great leader ever became attracted to or interested in Orson P. Arnold is probably not known. Possibly because he

seemed to know intuitively who were entitled to an audience with the president, and had the faculty of turning the others away without offending them, he was employed as gate or door keeper.

Perhaps his skill in the management of horses led to his selection as coachman. Very likely his habitual silence and absolute fidelity

recommended him for confidential service: added to his coolness

and undoubted courage, for extra hazardous undertakings. His

selfreliance, his untiring persistency and scrupulous honesty, may have secured for him positions of trust and responsibility; but

they all came to him without his seeking.

He never refused to do anything required; he never quibbled

about the hours he served, or the compensation allowed. Fatigue,

fasting, exposure to the elements, had no terrors for him, and he never allowed them to interfere with his success. He could serve

without servility, bear responsibility without conceit, and exercise power without arrogance. And so it happened, in the course of

time, that his occupation in Brigham Young's emplov ranged all the way from gatekeeper, or bodyguard, to financial agent, or builder and superintendent of a street railway.

He loved and revered his employer, and that great man treated him, not as a servant, not as an ordinary employee, but as a friend, a companion, a confidant, a man upon whom he could rely, and who was deserving of the highest trust. And vet, upon

TRIBUTE TO ORSON P. ARNOLD 495

more than one occasion, that great and good man suspected or blamed Orson P. Arnold for a time for occurrences that displeased him, and that without just cause. Orson at such times

knew who was to blame, and could have established his own innocence by the utterance of a sentence, but he maintained silence.

He would neither be a talebearer, nor seek favor at the expense of others. He could afford to be misjudged, but he could not

afford to do anything mean or petty. He could not show by even

so much as a look or act that he was aware of being suspected.

He could only maintain his habitual composure, do his duty as ever, and leave it to time to vindicate him, as it always did. But

how hard it is to bear the displeasure of one we love more than life!, Perhaps the recollection of Orson's invariable habit of frankly acknowledging every mistake he made, and assuming responsibility for every act that did not result as hoped for, convinced President Young of the innocence of his suspected servant.

Possibly the conviction came from inspiration (which he most assuredly enjoyed) but come it always did, in time. And then

in words, but in the kindly look,would follow the assurance—not

in the warm handclasp, or in the confidential commission, that faith in his integrity was restored, that the bond of trust was as strong as ever! How complete that trust was, President Young

probably never expressed in words, but it was indicated, occasionally, when his personal safety seemed to be menaced, by the quiet direction, as he was about to retire for the night: "Orson,

the door of the house may be left open. I shall sleep all right, if

you will make your bed just within, across the doorway."

After the death of Brigham Young, how comforting to

Orson must have been the consciousness that the trust reposed in him by that great man was never misplaced! What a cordial

meeting between the two must have occurred when Orson P.

Arnold passed from this life!*

After President Young's death, Orson P. Arnold was intimately associated with, and equally loyal to, his successors, and

was trusted by them to the fullest extent. His service during

what is known as the "Crusade"may never be fully recorded on earth, but I feel sure that it is in heaven, and that it will stand to his eternal credit. In some respects that was the most trying

time of his life. The Church leaders were made special targets.

It was the greatest ambition of Orson's life, though a sufferer with them, to be of service to them. He would have died rather

than betray them as he was solicited to do. * * * * * *

During O. P. Arnold's connection with the street railway

system of Salt Lake City, which extended from its inception to thirty years later, he bore great responsibility, and always with

*See Jan., 1913, Era, p. 276.

496 IMPROVEMENT ERA

becoming modesty. He employed many thousands of men during that time, treated them humanely, and fairly, and had the

reputation of getting the utmost amount of work out of them, and withal retained their respect. If any man failed to understand what was required of him, he was capable of and not above

showing him. When mules were the motive power, if any of the

animals displayed a fractious spirit, and the drivers could not manage them, he had a habit of jumping on the car himself and bringing the mules into subjection. In all the circles in which

dignified, reserved,he moved, he was a man among men—calm,

selfrespecting and respected.

He was a domestic man, enjoyed the society of his family;

provided well for them; was thrifty and frugal, and did his full

duty in the matter of securing those dependent upon him against future want.

During the last ten years of his life, since retiring from active business pursuits, he devoted much time and attention to the welfare of his comrades of the Indian wars. If any were sick, he

visited and sought to comfort them; and when one died, he manifested sympathy for the family and respect for the dead, by attending the funeral and seeing that flowers were provided. He

perhaps never heard of the axiom which Bishop Hunter used to relate, as having been impressed upon him by his father—always

so to conduct himself that people would invite him up, and never he exemplified it in his life. In attendingorder him down—but

funerals with his comrades, he never even presumed to occupy voluntarily a conspicuous seat, and wouldn't think of proffering to take part in the ceremonies. I was personally gratified at the

respect and sympathy manifested by the Indian War Veterans on the occasion of his funeral. Seventyfive of them were in attendance. Their commander will be greatly missed by them.

My friend viewed his approaching death with the same sedate selfpossession that had characterized him through life. He said

he was not conscious of having injured any one in life, and had no dread of a coming judgment. He was thoroughly appreciative

of all that was done for his comfort, and received everv care and attention from his family that love and sympathy could prompt.

I fully sympathize with them in the great bereavement which has befallen them. I congratulate them on having had such a husband, such a sire, and mvself on having had such a friend. I

hope his numerous posterity will emulate the noble qualities possessed by their sire (some of which are herein mentioned V, and that Orson P. Arnold will always have representatives to bear his

name in honor in the cause to which he devoted his life. This is

the earnest desire I have concerning the family, to whom I dedicate this sketch which so feebly expresses the esteem I had for my dear departed friend.

The Gospel to the Lamanites

BY REY L. PRATT, PRESIDENT OF THE MEXICAN MISSION

/ Introduction

The subject at hand is so intimately connected with the great

Latterday work known as "Mormonism,"and forms such a prominent part of the Book of Mormon teachings that one would think that most of the members of the Church would be perfectly familiar with, and enthusiastic over, it. And such is the case, in a

general way, but, I fear, and that, too, basing my belief on observations I made while on a recent trip through some of the stakes and wards of Zion, that far too many of our young folks, and, for that matter, of the older members of the Church, are not as familiar with, and as interested in, this great subject as it is their privilege to be.

I hope in this article to show that the work of carrying the gospel to the Lamanites is one of great importance, and one that is worth while to us, as well as to them; one rather to be desired

than avoided, and one that must be performed by us, because the

Lord has promised this people, through their forefathers, that the gospel, and their redemption through it, would come to them through us—through the Church of Christ.

77 Who are the Lamanites, and How Came They to Be Such?

In I Nephi 1:4, Book of Mormon, we read

For it came to pass in the commencement of the first year of the reign of Zedekiah, king of Judah, (my father Lehi having dwelt at

Jerusalem in all his days;) and in that same year there came many

prophets, prophesying unto the people that they must repent, or the great city of Jerusalem must be destroyed.

of We learn from I Nephi 5:14, that Lehi was a descendant

Jacob, through his son Joseph, who was sold into Egypt. Lehi

lifted up his heart in mighty prayer in behalf of his people; as a

result of his prayer, he received a wonderful and mighty vision from the Lord, in which he foresaw the destruction of Jerusalem, and her people carried away into captivity. After he had received

this vision he went forth among the people and testified unto them of their wickedness and abominations, and also of the things that he had seen and heard; but he was only mocked and persecuted

498 IMPROVEMENT ERA

by the Jews, and they sought to take away his life. Nephi records (I Nephi 2:1-4) that the word of the Lord again came unto

his father, as follows

For behold it came to pass that the Lord spake again unto my father, yea, even in a dream, and said unto him, Blessed art thou

Lehi, because of the things which thou hast done; and because thou

hast been faithful and declared unto this people the things which I commanded thee, behold they seek to take away thy life.

And it came to pass that the Lord commanded my father, even in a dream, that he should take his family and depart into the wilderness.

And it came to pass that he was obedient unto the word of the

Lord, wherefore he did as the Lord commanded him.

And it came to pass that he departed into the wilderness. And

he left his house, and the land of his inheritance, and his gold, and his silver, and his precious things, and took nothing with him, save it were his family, and provisions, and tents, and departed into the wilderness.

This departure of Lehi and his family out of the land of Jerusalem occurred six hundred years before Christ. His family consisted of his wife, Sariah, and his four sons, Laman, Lemuel, Sam,

and Nephi. They were afterwards joined by Ishmael and his family, and Zoram, the servant of Laban.

Their history, as recorded in the Book of Mormon, shows that the two older sons, Laman and Lemuel, were rebellious unto their father and unto the Lord, and did not keep the commandments of the Lord; while Sam and Nephi were obedient sons, and faithful

in their observance of the commandments of the Lord. Early

trouble arose between Nephi and his two older brothers, and on many occasions, because of their great wickedness, they even sought to take away his life. Their conduct caused great anguish,

in the heart of Nephi, and he was grieved because of the hardness of their hearts, and he cried unto the Lord in their behalf, and the word of the Lord came unto him as follows (I Nephi 2:1924):

* * * Blessed art thou, Nephi, because of thy faith, for thou hast sought me diligently, with lowliness of heart.

And inasmuch as ye shall keep my commandments, ye shall prosper, and shall be led to a land of promise; yea, even a land which I

have prepared for you; yea, a land which is choice above all other

lands.

And inasmuch as thy brethren shall rebel against thee, they shall be cut off from the presence of the Lord.

And inasmuch as thou shalt keep my comandments, thou shalt be made a ruler and a teacher over thy brethren.

THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES 499

For behold, in that day they shall rebel against me, I will curse them even with a sore curse, and they shall have no power over thy seed, except they rebel against me also.

And if it so be that they rebel against me, they shall be a scourge unto thy seed, to stir them up in the ways of remembrance.

From the foregoing quotations we see that all that has happened to the Lamanites was plainly foreseen and foretold when they were scarcely started on their way to the promised land. In

fact, all of the conditions that have existed throughout their history, and that still exist among them, were plainly foretold by the prophets of the Lord, and are recorded in the Book of Mormon.

The history of the travels of Father Lehi and his family, through the wilderness, and the building of a ship in which to cross the mighty waters that separated them from the land of promise, and which they built in obedience to the command of the

Lord, and in accordance to the pattern and model given to Nephi by him; and then their long and perilous journey over the mighty

waters to the promised land; their landing there, and the establishing of themselves in the land; the great visions received from

the Lord by Lehi and his faithful son Nephi, and the remarkable way in which the hand of the Lord was over them, to guide and protect them, is all very interesting history, but space will not permit us to follow it in detail here. It will be seen, however, by a

careful perusal of this remarkable and interesting history, that the two older sons of Lehi, Laman and Lemuel, and the daughters of Ishmael, whom they took to wife, and the sons of Ishmael, were often rebellious and disobedient, even to the extent of wanting, and trying, to take the life of their younger brother Nephi who, because of his faithfulness and obedience to his father's counsel, and to the commandments of the Lord, was greatly blessed of the

Lord. He was permitted, in fulfilment of promise, to become a

teacher and a ruler over his brethren. At times, through great

manifestations of the power of the Lord, these rebellious sons were made to feel his power and humble themselves, repenting of their sins. But their repentance and humility were always shortlived, and they continually fell back into their condition of error

and rebellion, and consequent state of darkness of mind.

This division in the family of Lehi grew worse after the little colony was established in the promised land, even to the extreme that it was impossible for Nephi and those who listened to his counsel, and who lived in accordance with the commandments of the Lord, to live with their brethren of the other faction in the land where they first settled. Nephi, himself, describes the conditions thus (II Nephi 5):

Behold it came to pass that I, Nephi, did cry much unto the Lord my God, because of the anger of my brethren.

500 IMPROVEMENT ERA

But behold, their anger did increase against me; insomuch that

they did seek to take away my life.

Yea, they did murmur against me, saying: Our younger brother

thinks to rule over us; and we have had much trial because of him;

wherefore, now let us slay him, that we may not be afflicted more because of his words. For behold, we will not have him to be our

ruler; for it belongs unto us, who are the elder brethren, to rule over

this people.

all the words which they Now I do not write upon these plates, murmured against me. But it sufficeth me to say, that they did seek

to take away my life.

I, Nephi, And it came to pass that the Lord did warn me, that should depart from them, and flee into the wilderness, and all those who would go with me.

* * * And all those who were with me did take upon them to call themselves the people of Nephi.

* * * And I, Nephi, did take the sword of Laban, and after the manner of it did make many swords, lest by any means the people who were now called Lamanites should come upon us and destroy us; for 1 knew their hatred towards me and my children, and those

who were called my people.

* * * And behold, the words of the Lord had been fulfiled unto my brethren, which he spake concerning them, that I should be their ruler and their teacher; wherefore, I had been their ruler and

their teacher, according to the comandments of the Lord, until the time they sought to take away my life.

Wherefore, the word of the Lord was fulfiled which he spake unto me, saying: That inasmuch as they will not hearken unto thy

words, they shall be cut off from the presence of the Lord. And

behold, they were cut off from his presence.

And he caused a cursing to come upon them, yea, even a sore cursing, because of their iniquity. For behold, they had hardened

their hearts against him, that they had become like unto a flint;

wherefore, as they were white and exceeding fair and delightsome, that they might not be enticing unto my people, the Lord God did cause a skin of blackness to come upon them.

And thus saith the Lord God, I will cause that they shall be loathsome unto thy people, save they shall repent of their iniquities.

And cursed shall be the seed of him that mixeth with their seed;

for they shall be cursed even with the same cursing. And the Lord

spake it and it was done.

And because of their cursing, which was upon them, they did become an idle people, full of mischief and subtlety, and did seek in the wilderness for beasts of prey.

Thus came about the division of the family of Lehi into two factions, which grew into two numerous and mighty nations upon

THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES 501

this continent; and, from the foregoing, we learn that the Lamanites, although a cursed nation, are of the house of Israel, through

Lehi, who was a literal descendant of Joseph who was sold into

Egypt; and that their curse and their present condition came upon

them in fulfilment of prophecy, and because of their disobedience to the Lord and his commandments, and of their hardening their hearts against him.

It is interesting to note, through reading the history of the

Lamanites, as contained in the Book of Mormon, how literally the prophecies of the Lord, made concerning them, have been fulfiled.

Their descent from a civilized and a "white and exceeding fair and delightsome people,"into a "dark and a loathsome and a filthy people, full of idleness and all manner of abominations,"was indeed very rapid.

However, the Nephites did not cease to strive to convert their brethren from the error of their ways, and to restore them to the truth and thereby redeem them from their fallen condition. But

it seems that for many years their efforts in this direction were in vain, for the Lamanites not only refused to listen to, and obey their teachings, but they sought to destroy the records which Lehi had brought from Jerusalem, and also to destroy the people of

Nephi who were striving to live in accordance with the commandments of the Lord.

The prophet Enos, in his short writings, after telling of the great desires of his heart for the redemption of his brethren, the

Lamanites, says

For at the present, our strugglings were vain in restoring them to the true faith. And they swore in their wrath, that if it were possible, they would destroy our records and us; and, also, all the traditions of our fathers.

* * * And I bear record that the people of Nephi did seek diligently to restore the Lamanites unto the true faith in God. But our

labors were vain; their hatred was fixed, and they were led by their

evil nature that they became wild, and ferocious, and a bloodthirsty people; full of idolatry and filthiness: feeding upon beasts of prey;

dwelling in tents, and wandering about in the wilderness with a short skin girdle about their loins and their heads shaven: and their skill

was in the bow, and in the cimeter, and the ax. And many of them

did eat nothing save it was raw meat; and they were continually seeking to destroy us."

Their condition, through all the long ages, from then till now, has remained practically the same. True it is that through the

teachings of the Nephites, many of them have been converted to the truth, and the sore curse that was theirs has been removed, because of their change from an evil to a good life. But this only

502 IMPROVEMENT ERA

further proves that the promises of the Lord cannot fail, because he said the curse was only to remain with them as long as they remained disobedient, and wicked, and would not listen to the commandments of the Lord, and obey him. At no time in their

history, however, is it recorded of them that all of them have turned from their evil ways, and that the curse has been lifted from them, as a people, except for the two hundred years which preceded the coming of Christ to the people upon this continent, and the establishment of his gospel among them. Of this time

spoken of, we are told, in IV Nephi 1, that in the thirtysixth year after the birth of Christ, "the people were all converted to the

Lord, upon the face of the land, both Nephites and Lamanites, and there were no contentions among them, and every man did deal justly one with another."

But, as I have said, this condition did not endure among them; men began to be lifted up in the pride of their hearts, and

to forget their God, and ceased to keep his commandments. Class

distinctions, secret societies, manmade churches, and wars and strife and bloodshed, and all manner of evil, began to creeo in among them. Part of the people remained true to their faith

in their God and in his gospel, but many were led away by false teachers into all manner of iniquity, insomuch that in the two hundred and thirtyfirst year there was a great division among the people, and thev began to be known again by the names that had distinguished them of old. Those who remained faithful were

called Nephites, and those who turned awav into evil paths, and to false religions, were called Lamanites. The curse of old came

upon the Lamanites, and the old and terrible spirit of hatred and strife and bloodshed came between the two peoples, and there began to be wars and bloodshed in the land.

Nephi saw in prophetic vision, even before he and his father and his brethren had reached the promised land, that these conditions would overcome his seed, and the seed of his brethren, for, not onlv did the Lamanites become a wicked people, but not long after the division of these people, just spoken of, the Nephites also became a wicked people and forsook their God. Nephi relates the

vision he saw as follows (I Nephi 12:1923):

And while the angel spake these words, I beheld and saw that the seed of my brethren did contend against my seed, according to the word of the angel; and because of the pride of my seed, and the

temptations of the devil, I beheld that the seed of my brethren did overpower the people of my seed.

And it came to pass that I beheld and saw the people of the seed of my brethren, that they had overcome my seed; and they went

forth in multitudes upon the face of the land.

And T saw them gathered together in multitudes; and I saw wars

THE GOSPEL TO THE LAMANITES 503

and rumors of wars among them; and in wars and rumors of wars, I

saw many generations pass away.

And the angel said unto me, Behold these shall dwindle in unbelief.

And it came to pass that I beheld after they had dwindled in unbelief, they became a dark, and loathsome, and a filthy people, full of idleness and all manner of abominations.

This great climax, spoken of by Nephi, culminating in the extinction of the Nephites, as a race, at the hands of their brethren, the Lamanites, took place in the year four hundred and twenty after Christ, and three hundred and eightyseven years after the establishment of the true gospel among the people of this land, by no other person than the Christ himself; and the Lamanites went

forth in multitudes upon the face of the land, and, having overcome all other enemies, continued to satisfy their thirst for blood by wars and butcheries among themselves. And in this condition

they remained until the discovery of America by the Europeans, and in a measure to the present day.

MEXICO CITY, MEXICO ["The Lamanites After the Coming of the Europeans"will be discussed in the next paper.]

Elder W. C. Jefferies writes from Barnsley, England, December 18:

"I have spent most of my time in this branch and consider it a very n—; goodfind manyplace togoodlabor.peopleI

f KW - inbothmySaintstravels,and friends.among:!

Some of the latter, also, f generally attend our Sunday night meetings. P We hold a cottage meet111 ing each week for the%

# *fc 0tk deaf and dumb, and the % **m* pleasureelders herein speakingfind muchto them through Brother James Benfell, interpreter, who is at the head of the deaf and dumb school in Barnsley. Elders, left to right: J. A. Vannesse, Smithfield;

W. C. Jefferies, president of the branch, Grantsville; A. L. Riggs,

president of the conference, Logan; L. P. Burt, Brigham City; T.

Shepherd, Provo, Utah."

Department of Vocations and Industries

BY B. II. ROBERTS

VII—What to Suggest to Boys

Our association committeemen are at a loss to know what to suggest to the boys, either directly on the subject of vocations, or on those topics related to that theme. As matter of the latter sort,

we recently picked up a book containing the article herewith quoted, by James Thompson Fields, an American author of New

Hampshire and Massachusetts, which suggests many themes for conversation that have more or less relation to better general preparation for vocations and general industrial life; and suggest

that our association committeemen take up the several topics in direct conversation with their individual members, and get them to adopt one or more of these suggestions of Mr. Fields; and if

one member can be induced to undertake to carry out in practice one thing, and another some other thing in the list of things suggested, an association might be engaged in carrying into effect nearly all the suggestions made.

In any event, we submit to the committeemen the several suggestions of Mr. Fields

IF I WERE A BOY AGAIN

When we are no longer young we look back and see where we might have done better and learned more; and the thigs we have neglected rise up and mortify us every day of our lives. May I enumerate some of the more important matters, large and small, that, if I

were a boy again, I would be more particular about?

I think I would learn to use my left hand just as freely as my right one, so that if anything happened to lame either of them the other would be all ready to write and handle things, just as if nothing had occurred. There is no reason in the world why both hands should

not be educated alike. A little practice would render one set of fingers

just as expert as the other; and I have known people who never

thought, when a thing was to be done, which particular hand ought to do it, but the hand nearest the object took hold of it, and

I would learn the art of using tools of various sorts. I think I

would insist on learning some trade, even if I knew there would be no occasion to follow it when I grew up. What a pleasure it is in

after life to be able to "make something,"as the saying is—to construct a neat box to hold one's pen and paper; or a pretty cabinet for

DEPARTMENT OF VOCATIONS AND INDUSTRIES 505

a sister's library; or to frame a favorite engraving for a Christmas

present to a dear, kind mother. What a loss not to know how to mend

a chair that refuses to stand up strong only because it needs a few tacks and a bit of leather here and there! Some of us cannot even

drive a nail straight; and should we attempt to saw off an obtrusive

piece of wood, ten to one we should lose a finger in the operation. It

is a pleasant relaxation from books and study to work an hour every day in a toolshop; and my friend, the learned and lovable Professor

Oliver Wendell Holmes, finds such a comfort in "mending things,"when his active brain needs repose, that he sometimes breaks a piece of furniture on purpose that he may have the relief of putting it together again much better than it was before. He is as good a mechanic as he is a poet. * * * *

I think I would ask permission, if I happened to be born in a city, to have the opportunity of passing all my vacations in the country, that I might learn the names of trees and flowers and birds. We are,

as a people, sadly ignorant of all accurate rural knowledge. We guess

at many country things, but we are certain of very few. It is inexcusable in a grownup person, like my amiable neighbor Simpkins,

who lives from May to November on a farm of sixty acres, in a beautiful wooded country, not to know a maple from a beech, or a bobolink from a catbird. He once handed me a bunch of pansies, and called

them violets; and on another occasion he mistook sweetpeas for

geraniums. What right has a human being, while the air is full of

birdmusic, to be wholly ignorant of the performer's name? When

we go to opera, we are fully posted with regard to all the principal singers; and why should we know nothing of the owners of voices

that far transcend the vocal powers of Jenny Lind and Christine

Nilsson? * * * *

If I were a boy again I would have a blankbook in which I could record, before going to bed, every day's events just as they happened to me personally. < If I began by writing only two lines a day in my

diary, I could start my little book, and faithfully put down what happened to interest me. On its pages I would note down the habits of

birds and animals as I saw them; and if the horse fell ill, down should

go the malady in my book; and what cured him should go there, too.

If the cat or dog showed any peculiar traits, they should all be chronicled in my diary; and nothing worth recording should escape

me. * * * *

If I were a boy again, one of the first things I would strive to do would be this: I would, as soon as possible, try hard to become acquainted with, and then deal honestly with, myself; to study up my own

deficiencies and capabilities: and I would begin early enough, before

faults had time to become habits. I would seek out earnestly all

the weak spots in my character, and then go to work speedily and mend them with better material. If I found that I zvas capable of some

one thing in a special degree, I would ask counsel on that point of some 506 IMPROVEMENT ERA

judicious friend; and if advised to pursue it, I would devote myself to that

particular matter, to the exclusion of much that is foolishly allowed in boyhood. * * * *

If I were a boy again, I would school myself into a habit of attention oftener; I would let nothing come between me and the subject

in hand. I would remember that an expert on the ice never tries to

skate in two directions at once. One of our great mistakes while we

are young is that we do not attend strictly to what we are about just not bend our energies closethen—at that particular moment. We do

enough to what we are doing or learning. We wander into a halfinterest only, and so never acquire fully what is needful for us to become master of. The practice of being habitually attentive is one

easily attained, if we begin early enough. I often hear grownup

people say, "I couldn't fix my attention on the sermon, or the book, although I wished to do so."And the reason is that a habit of attention was never formed in youth. * * * *

If I were a boy again, I would know more about the history of my own country than is usual, I am sorry to say, with young Americans. When in England I have always been impressed with the

minute and accurate knowledge constantly observable in young English lads of average intelligence and culture concerning the history of

Great Britain. They not only have a clear and available store of historical dates at hand for use on any occasion, but they have a wonderfully good idea of the policy of government adopted by all the prominent statesmen in different eras down to the present time. * * * *

If the history of any country is worth an earnest study, it is surely the history of our own land; and we cannot begin too early in our lives

to master it fully and completely. What a confused notion of distinguished Americans a boy must have to reply, as one did not long ago

when asked by his teacher, "Who was Washington Irving?""A General in the Revolutionary War, sir."(!)****

If I were a boy again, I would strive to become a fearless person.

I would cultivate courage as one of the highest achievements of life.

"Nothing is so mild and gentle as courage, nothing is so cruel and vindictive as cowardice,"says the wise author of a late essay on "Conduct."Too many of us nowadays are overcome by fancied lions in

the way that have never existed out of our own brains. Nothing is so

credulous as fear. Some weak minded horses are forever looking

around for white stones to shy at; and if we are hunting for terrors,

they will be sure to turn up in some shape or other. We are too prone

to borrow trouble, and anticipate evils that may never appear. "The

fear of ill exceeds the ill we fear."Abraham Lincoln once said that

he never crossed Fox River, no matter how high the stream was, "until he came to it."Dangers will arise in any career, but presence

of mind will often conquer the worst of them. Be prepared for any

fate, and there is no harm to be feared. * * * *

If I were a boy again, I would look on the cheerful side of everyDEPARTMENT OF VOCATIONS AND INDUSTRIES 507

thing; for everything, almost, has a cheerful side. Life is very much

like a mirror; if you smile upon it, it smiles back again on you; but if

you frown and look doubtful upon it, you will be sure to get a similar look in return. I once heard it said of a grumbling, unthankful person,

"He would have made an uncommonly fine sour apple, if he had happened to be born in that station of life."Inner sunshine warms not

only the heart of the owner, but all who come in contact with it. Indifference begets indifference. "Who shuts love out, in turn will be

shut out of love."* * * *

If I were a boy again, I would demand of myself more courtesy towards my companions and friends. Indeed I would rigorously exact

it of myself towards strangers as well. The smallest courtesies, interspersed along the rough roads of life, are like the little English sparrows now singing to us all winter long, and making that season of ice

and snow more endurable to everybody. But I have talked long

enough, and this shall be my parting paragraph: Instead of trying so

hard to be happy, as if that were the sole purpose of life, I would, if

I were a boy again, try still harder to deserve happiness.

THE MAPUSAGA L. D. S. SCHOOL BAND,

Which made the journey to Upolu and Savaii. Elder M. V. Coombs,

the leader, is standing in the rear.

Editors'Table

The Resurrection

At this season of the year when nature is about to awaken to renewed life from winter's sleep, one's thoughts naturally turn to the resurrection.

Some have thought that a comparison of the resurrection of the body of man, and his return to* life after death, with the revival of the plants and nature at the return of spring, is objectionable, and not pertinent as an illustration of the resurrection. To

some extent, of course, this is true. Such persons argue that

human research fails to find any comparison, between the awakening of nature and the resurrection of the body. They declare

that in no instance in nature has there been an actual death. If

the trees, or the grass, or the pupa within the chrysalis, die, there will be no resumption of leafage, no butterfly, with the return of spring. Life sleeps with the apparently dead in nature. The

comparison so often made that as each returning spring brings life to the slumbering acorn, and the tree stripped of its leaves, so also shall renewed life be given to the body in the resurrection, is a statement untrue in analogy, they argue; for this reason, that

life slumbers with the buried acorn, and in the tree stripped of its foliage, but this is not so with the body, for that is dead even as the killed tree or the lifeless acorn, neither of which would revive.

But it is no greater mystery, to my mind, for God who has all power, to reunite the essential elements of the dead body of man with the living, eternal spirit, thus forming the resurrected soul, than for him to reclothe with a new plant, each returning spring, the mysterious life of the slumbering seed; or the stripped

and naked tree, with a new covering of foliage.

In the New Testament the resurrection of man is not only taken for granted but it forms a part of Christ's doctrinal system "He that heareth my word, and believeth on Him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life, ***** for as the Father

EDITORS'TABLE 509

hath life in himself so has he given to the Son to have life in himself, * * * * All that are in the graves shall hear his voice, and shall come forth; if they have done good, unto the

resurrection of good; and if they have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation."(John 5:2429.)

That Jesus arose from the dead, and so became an example of what we are to do, is attested by such an array of scriptural proofs that no believer in the inspired records can have a doubt of the fact. The angel testified to the women at the sepulchre

"He is not here, for he is risen, as he said."He showed himself to many in Jerusalem, and besides manifested himself to the

Nephites, on this continent, where prophets taught the doctrine and foretold his resurrection: "The spirit and the body shall be

reunited again in its perfect form; both limb and joint shall be

restored to its proper frame, even as we now are at this time,"writes Alma.

Mormon declares: "The death of Christ bringeth to pass the

resurrection, which bringeth to pass redemption from an endless sleep from which all men shall be awakened by the power of

God."In the Book of Mormon we have many of the most striking testimonies of the fact of a literal resurrection, and these facts are with certainty confirmed by modern revelation to the Prophet

Joseph Smith: "They shall look for me; and, behold, I will come;

* * * * An angel shall sound his trump, and the Saints that have slept shall come forth to meet me in the cloud; wherefore, if ye have slept in peace, blessed are you, for as you now

behold me and know that I am, even so shall ye come unto me, and your souls [spirits and bodies united] shall live, and your redemption shall be perfected."(Doc. and Cov. 45:4446.)

Nature; the testimony of the New Testament; the personal

teachings and example of Christ; His appearance among his disciples before His ascension, and on this continent; the written

declarations of the prophets in the Book of Mormon; and the

revelations of God to the Prophet Joseph Smith, in united, unmistaken voice all testify to the fact of the literal resurrection of the body.

Guided by the Spirit of the Lord Jesus, by faith in God, in the testimony of his prophets and in the scriptures, I accept the doc510 IMPROVEMENT ERA

trine of the resurrection with all my heart, and rejoice at its confirmation in nature with the awakening of each returning spring.

The Spirit of God testifies to me, and has revealed to me, to my complete, personal satisfaction, that there is life after death, and that the body which we lay down here will be reunited with our spirits to become a perfect soul, capable of receiving a fulness of joy in the presence of God.

Joseph F. Smith.

Card Playing

A correspondent has sent a request that we say something of the position we take on cardplaying. Heretofore, I have written

upon it, both in this magazine and others, and spoken of it many times before the congregations of the Saints. Personally, and

always I am positively and insistently opposed to the Latterday Saints playing cards, either at home, in private circles, in public, at socials or at any other gathering of the people. Our

correspondent further states that he wishes to know how to meet the argument of a number of young ladies in his settlement who are or should be workers in the Sunday School and other organizations of the ward, who insist on playing cards "in their private parties or gatherings, of three or four, and so on, when they get together for an evening's visit."They argue that they just play

among themselves and enjoy it; they do not play for money; they

play in their own homes, so they are not, as they claim, setting anyone else an example outside of their own circle of friends, and for that reason cannot see where they are doing any harm. They

feel, also, and have so expressed it, that "anyone who opposes them is interfering with their personal liberty."They say further

"that certain persons in high standing in the community have their card parties; they nevertheless, go to meeting, and are treated as

the best of people;"so that, "if it is right for these people to play

cards in social parties, it cannot be wrong for us in our private parties."Our correspondent further states that he has even heard of "certain High Priests who play cards when they ought to be in

EDITORS'TABLE 511

meeting on Sunday."He wishes us to tell him how to meet the

arguments of the young ladies. If there is any truth in what he

says he has heard about "certain High Priests,"they should be dealt with for their fellowship.

It appears to me a very simple matter to meet such arguments. It is just as sinful in the sight of the Lord to do an evil

secretly or in the home, as it is to do one publicly, and it has practically the same effect upon the person who does the evil act, although the evil results may not be so farreaching as if done in public. No person can play cards, or smoke, or drink, or do any

other forbidden thing, in his home, by himself or among his personal friends, without being guilty of wrong doing just as much as if he did all these things in public. We cannot be hypocrites,

and whatever we do should be worthy, of course, of being done openly and above board, if we would be effective teachers. No

young lady can teach children in the Sabbath School the -evils of cardplaying, who plays cards in her home society, or with her personal friends. The teachings of such will have no good effect,

because her heart will not be in it, and example and habit are stronger than words. The same may be said of every other person, including "High Priests,"and "certain persons in high

standing."I have stated heretofore why I hold that cardplaying is wrong. In the first place, it results in the useless waste of valuable time; secondly, the practice leads to the public card table,

thence to the saloon, to gambling, and to ruin and shame. These

facts can be easily demonstrated by the history of men who have begun the game, intending not to carry it farther than for passtime and pleasure in their private homes, but who have gradually it, and left the home, and takenbecome infatuated—crazed—with

up with companions who have easily led them from cardplaying for fun or amusement, to playing cards for money and intoxicating drink, which course most certainly leads to destruction. I am absolutely opposed to playing cards in homes, in social gatherings, privately or publicly, and this applies as much to those our correspondent calls "certain persons in high standing,"as it does to the young

lady or the young man who is or should be teaching in the Sabbath

Schools even in the remotest village or, community in the Church.

Joseph F. Smith.

Messages From the Missions

This picture shows a company in a pleasant walk of nine or ten miles, from a little side railroad station. The people are

O. D. Romney, president of the

New Zealand mission, his wife, and one of their missionary sons, Melbourne, and Brother Peter Merrick, with his little, heavilyladen pony. The next picture shows the object of their visit,

the poor, but faithful, family of Brother Merrick's, who have been members of the Church for twenty years past. They are so isolated

that they seldom see an elder. Sister Romney is the first American

lady they have ever seen.

They are an exemplary family, well posted in the gospel, and enjoy a most excellent spirit.

They hold their own Sabbath School and Sacrament meeting every

Sunday. They live alone,

on a little farm which is like an oasis in the desert, for nothing can be seen from there but the dreary gumfields in the Bay of Islands, in the northern part of New

Zealand. A wonderful lesson of contentment, joy and satisfaction

brought by the gospel to the faithful is exemplified by these people in their lonely cottage.—O. D. R.

Elder William E. McFarlane, writing from Burlington, Vermont, October 14, says: "Elders in the Vermont conference, left to

right: Joseph A. Anderson, Logan; Malcolm Walters, Tooele; Alvin

A. Wood, Clearfield, Utah; James S. Mason, Rigby, Idaho; Frank

B. Brown, Salt Lake City; John W. Dunn, Logan; bottom row: Matthew Madsen, Willard; Joseph L. Brown, Grantsville, Utah; William

E. Rappleye, Cowley, Wyoming; Conference President William

McFarlane, Manti; George L. Hatch, Chihuahua, Mexico; William

D. Robertson, Park City, Utah. This conference was organized on

theh 24th of July, three years ago. Much good has been done here,

considering the prejudice owing to this being the birthplace of the

Prophet Joseph Smith. We are greatly pleased with the success that

has attended our labors this summer. We have distributed tracts in

EDITORS'TABLE 513

every county in the state, and prejudice of longstanding is slowly dying out. We have enjoyed our country work very much. The

month of August was the best in the history of our conference. We

distributed 21 Books of Mormon, 793 small books, 9,769 tracts, 503

Liahonas; 5,526 families were visited, and 4 cottage and 40 open, air

meetings were held. The elders are now located in the small villages

and report good success."

Elder L. L. Graham, Gloucester, England, December 14: "When

the weather permits, we cycle out and tract the country villages. The

scattered farmers, as a rule, are much pleased because we visit them at their isolated homes. They give us the

credit of doing more than most of their own ministers will do, and this affords us an opportunity to explain to them the great interest which the Latterday

Saints take in saving the souls of men.

We consider no effort too great to convey the glorious truths that have been revealed in these latter days. We are

succeeding in selling many of our books, and in having some good gospel conversations. We enjoy our labors, notwithstanding the insults we receive from

some who are very prejudiced. Yesterday I handed a man a tract who was ap-

r 4JK parently in good humor until he learned I was a 'Mormon.'Then, with some

warmth, he accused me of belonging to a bad set of people, and did not want to listen to me, until I appealed to him to exhibit his loyalty to the British motto, 'Fair Play.'He then changed

his nature, and tried to be a true Britain, giving me the privilege of explaining the object of my being here. He promised to read the literature that I gave him, and stated he would never again judge the

514 IMPROVEMENT ERA

'Mormon'people as he had hitherto done. Elders, left, J. F. Palmer,

Preston, Idaho; right, L. L. Graham, Richfield, Utah."

Elders M. J. Steed and A. G. Brain of Salt Lake City write from

Gateshead, England, January 13: "Although persecution in this branch

of the Newcastle conference is prevalent, at the present time, our cause is still progressing. There are over

half a million people in this district, and most of the doors have been visited by the elders with books and tracts. Of late

the persecution has been so severe, and the feeiing so bitter, that we have taken the Savior's advice and gone to other towns where we have sold much literature and borne our testimony, untrammeled to many. We have a branch here of fifty members, and

many are investigating the gospel. Although this is the youngest

branch in the conference, it is one of the leading ones. The Saints

are good tithepayers and hard workers. We have a good Sunday

school and Mutual organization. Prof. McClellan of the Tabernacle

Choir, on his way to Germany, paid us a visit. We went to our meetinghouse and sang some hymns, Prof. McClellan accompanying us.

In group picture, left to right: Francis Simpson, M. J. Steed, E. S.

Wilcox, Prof. J. J. McClellan and his son Douglas, A. G. Brain, and

Joseph Parmley.

Elders D. Rolla Harris and J. C. Sid-

c'oway completed a sucessful trip through the northern part of the Pittsburg, Pa., conference, on January 30, being gone about four weeks. They held a

number of meetings, distributed many tracts and books and obtained a number of subscribers for the Era. They reported the conference in very good condition

and the Saints and elders are working unitedly for the spread of truth among the good people who are anxious to hearwhat they have to say. Elders, left to k%

right, J. C. Siddoway, Teton City, and

President D. Rolla Harris, Salem,

Idaho.

EDITORS'TABLE 515

Elder Ernest A. Hoare writes from Sydney, Australia, November

29: "The elders shown in this cut have labored at Victoria, N. S. W.,

for some time. Their names are,

left to right: Back row—Ernest

A. Hoare, mission secretary;

John E. Gleave, Robert A. Hunter. Front row—Sargent A.

Rice, conference president; William W. Taylor, L. L. Bunnell.

Elder Rice was recently honorably released, and returned home on the steamship Sonoma.

Elder Gleave, the late president of the West Australia conference, was sustained president instead of Elder Rice. Elder

Taylor was transferred to South

Melbourne, Victoria conference, as presiding elder; and Elder

Bunnell was assigned to labor in Richmond, Victoria. Elder

Hoare, who since January, 1912, has acted as mission secretary still continues in that position. He is looking for a transfer to Queensland conference where he hopes to labor among his relatives. "Truth,"

a weekly publication of Sydney, commented as follows on the labors of these elders:

"'Six cute Yanks congregate on Friday nights in the main thoroughfares of the city, in the endeavor to propagate "Mormonism."

The meeting usually consists of a hymn or two, not too badly sung, and then an elder sets forth a lengthy prayer in behalf of the brethren and the bystanders. Following the petition a sermon is delivered

in defense of their creed.'

"Of late the newspapers have devoted much space to the consideration of 'Mormonism,'many of the articles being far from appropriate to our noble cause. However, our elders have never suffered

severe persecution, the Australians generally allowing all men freedom of worship."

Elder James Hansen, conference clerk of Aalborg, Denmark, writes, October 12: "We have just held our semiannual conference,

which was attended by President Martin Christonherson and twelve elders who labor in this conference, also a number of elders visiting from other places. The meetings were well attended. The large number of strangers who were present shows that people are interested

in our teachings. The elders expressed themselves in Priesthood

meeting as being much interested in the work and enjoying their 516 IMPROVEMENT ERA

labors. Elders, left to righti back row: Mikkel A. Mikkelsen, visiting; Soren M. Sorensen, George S. Sanders, visiting; Adolph Peterson, Andrew E. Lauritzen; middle row: George Jensen, Lewis C.

Jacobsen, Andrew M. Jensen, James C. Bolander, Jens M. Jensen,

Joseph E. Jensen; front row: James Hansen, Conference President

Christian M. Jensen, Mission President Martin Christopherson, P. S.

Sorensen, visiting, Christian Dowsell."

Elder Joseph A. Anderson, Burlington,

Vermont, January 20: "We are retract-

ing this city and are successful in getting into the homes of many honest people to explain some of the truths of the gospel. Some who had one time interviewed us out of curiosity are now giving

us a fair investigation. Our cottage

meetings are well attended and some good is resulting. Elders, left to right,

sitting: William McFarlane, Manti,

Utah; William A. Rappleye, Cowley,

Wyoming; standing, Joseph A. Anderson, Logan, Utah."

Priesthood Quorums'Table

High Priests in Granite Stake.—It appears from the 1912 annual

report of the High Priests Quorum of the Granite stake of Zion that there are in that stake 429 High Priests, an increase of 43 over 1911.

Among them there are 31 stake officers; 63 bishops and counselors;

138 who are laboring in the Sunday School, the Mutual, and in other ward work outside of the bishoprics; 112 who are 70 years and over;

11 patriarchs, and 20 who are disabled or infirm under 70 years. There

are only 79 who are not engaged in ward or Priesthood duties; 336 out

of the total number attend sacrament meetings, and 246 attended Monday evening Priesthood meetings one or more times. There are five

members who are engaged in the general Church work outside of the stake; namely, one apostle, one presiding bishop, two on the General

Sunday School board, and one on the Y. M. M. I. A. board.

Certificates of Membership.—The annual, circular of the Bishop's

Office, for 1913, contains the following instructions relating to membership:

"Certificates of membership should be presented with the least possible delay. If for any sufficient reason members are not able to be

present when the certificates of membership are presented, they may still be received by the vote of the congregation. Certificates of membership presented to a ward should be retained for reference, and new

ones issued when members remove. In no instance should old certificates of membership be returned as a notice of removal to another

ward."

Where persons absolutely refuse to be identified in the ward and do not desire to become identified with the Church the following instructir s of the annual circular should apply:

"If a recommend is received by a bishop for a person residing in his ward who expressly desires not to be a member thereof, or of the

Church, and who requests that his name be stricken from the records, such person should be summoned before the bishopric and if he still feels that he does not desire to have a membership in the Church he should be dealt with."

stakes report that it has organPriests Quorums.—One of the

ized, or appointed, a presidency of the Priests Quroums for the stake.

So far, we have not heard of a similar arrangement made in any other stake of Zion. There is objection to forming one Priests quorum for

a stake, and that is that the Lord has placed the bishop as president of the Priests Quorum and has required him to sit in council with them 518 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and teach them their duties. This could not be done with the quorum

in a stake capacity. The bishop of each ward should preside over the

Lesser Priesthood of the ward by virtue of his bishopric. If each

bishop of a ward will take personal charge of the Priests, there will soon be enough to carry on the work in the ward, and the bishop will find young men enough of suitable age and capacity to be Priests, to form a quorum. We hope that each bishop will enter into the spirit

of this calling, and feel that it is his duty to teach the Priests their duties, and to be his aids and assistants in the ward. This does not

preclude a committee of two or more members of the High Council being appointed to look after the work of the Priests, and aid and assist the bishops in this important duty and calling, where so desired.

The manner of receiving new members into the ward.—It has been

asked what the manner of receiving new members into a ward, and what action should be taken where they neglect or refuse to be present at the ward meeting, to be admitted to fellowship. It is, indeed, very desirable that the members of the Church should be present

when their certificates of membership are submitted to the Saints for the purpose of their being admitted to fellowship in the ward. In

many wards the practice is being followed for the bishop or a merj3.be

of the bishopric to call on those who have arrived in the ward, "welcome them, and make other inquiries. Certificates of membership are

then applied for, and later the ward teachers or Priests call upon them, notify them of the arrival of the certificates of membership, and invite them to be present at the next meeting. If the visitor finds that

through sickness, occupation, or other causes the family, or any member of the family, cannot be present, he so reports. The bishop submits the names of the family to the Saints for fellowship, and, as a

rule, they are accepted as members of the ward. If persons show

indifference, they should be visited and labored with in kindness, by the ward teachers. If necessary, special teachers may be appointed

to call upon such persons to impress upon them their responsibility as

Latterday Saints, and to create a feeling that they will be welcome in the ward. The mission of the Latterday Saints is to save people;

that is the object and the purpose of the gospel, and of the organization that we have. By visiting the wayward, the neglectful, and the

indifferent, we but carry out the teachings of Jesus in his remarkable parable concerning the lost sheep. It is to be hoped that the bishops

everywhere will develop the missionary spirit, and that prominent brethren, with the right kind of ability and tact, may be called to assist them in laboring with the indifferent and the neglectful Latterday

Saints. This is a subject that might well be taken up by High Councils and bishops.

"Ward Teaching"is the title of a helpful article by Bishop H. H.

Blood, that will appear in the April number of the Era.

Mutual Work

M. I. A. MidSeason Conferences, 1913

To the Stake and Ward Officers, Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A.:

Dear Brethren and Sisters:—The stake superintendents and presidents of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. are instructed to make arrangements for holding the annual midseason conferences of their stakes

for our organizations, in conformity with the dates given below. Heretofore the dates have been set by the officers of the stakes; but a large

proportion of the stakes have neglected holding these conferences, so the General Boards have decided that this year they would set the dates.

DATES FOR THE M. I. A. ANNUAL CONFERENCE

February 9—Yellowstone, Wayne.

February 16—Fremont, Rigby, Bear River.

February 23—Snowflake, South Sanpete, North Weber, St. Johns,

North Davis, Emery, Liberty, Hyrum, Duchesne, Granite, Weber,

Parowan, Young.

March 2—Pioneer, Panguitch, San Juan.

Blackfoot, Summit, March 9—St. George, San Luis, Big Horn,

Millard, Bannock, Juab, Bingham, Carbon, Salt Lake, Nebo, Malad,

Uintah, Kanab.

Star Valley, Teton, March 16—Oneida, Union, Benson, Cache,

South Davis, Tooele, Deseret, Ensign, Ogden.

Beaver, Jordan, March 23—Box Elder, North Sanpete, Wasatch,

Alpine, Utah, Morgan, Woodruff, Cassia, Alberta, Pocatello.

Sevier, Moapa. March 30—St. Joseph, Maricopa,

In case any of the dates are not satisfactory for any reason, the stake superintendents will please notify the General Secretaries of the

General Boards immediately, and state the date desired for their conference, after consultation with their stake presidency.

The stake officers are expected to conduct these conferences, and not depend on representatives of the General Boards being present.

The stake secretaries are requested to send a report to the General

Secretaries of the proceedings of the conference and the general condition of the work.

PURPOSE OF THE CONFERENCE.

The main purposes of these conferences are:

First—To check up the work of the associations in the stake to

date, enabling the stake officers to have a definite understanding of the condition of the associations in their stake, with a view to suggesting remedies for such organizations as may have fallen down in any line of our work.

I. A. Day and for Second—To discuss and devise plans for an M.

the summer work of the associations.

520 IMPROVEMENT ERA

INSTRUCTIONS FOR PRELIMINARY WORK

These circulars should be immediately distributed to the ward and stake officers; and conjoint meetings of the stake boards should be

held to make arrangements for the details of the conference. Suitable

halls should be secured where both the young men and the young ladies may be accommodated without interfering with the Sunday

School or ward meetings. It is very important that the president of

each organization should be present and ready to report, either verbally or in writing, the work of his or her association, so far, in every department.

MEETINGS There should be three meetings held,—one of them jointly between the young men and the young ladies, at ten o'clock in the morning; one, separately, at two o'clock in the afternoon, and one general

public meeting in the evening.

PROGRAM

Conjoint Meeting, 10 a. m.

1. Presentation and discussion of program for stake M. I. A. day.

2. Suggestions for summer work.

3. Suggestive program for Sunday conjoint meeting.

4. A plan for the betterment of your opennight programs.

5. A better way of getting joint transportation for stake visiting.

Y. M. M. I. A. Meeting, 2 p. m.

I.—A letter should be sent out to every president of an association

immediately, requiring him to answer the following questions in writing:

1. How have you succeeded with the manual classes?

2. What have you done to obtain a larger enrollment and awaken

increased interest in the association?

3. How have you succeeded with your preliminary programs, and

of what have they consisted? (Enclose copy of one.)

4. How did you conduct your open night programs? (Enclose

copy of one.)

5. What are the number of Eras taken in your ward?

6. What have you collected on the Fund?

7. Have you a Committee on Vocations, and what have they done?

8. How many reading course books have you in your ward?

9. Name the drama, cantata or opera you have presented.

When these questions are sent in from the ward officers the stake board should meet and discuss them, and as the first exercise of the conference, the superintendent should give a summary of the answers which should then be discussed by the officers present. Where any

ward has best succeeded in any line of activity, let the president of that ward state in a very short talk how this has been accomplished.

Where any ward has fallen down, let the president state what he considers to be the difficulty. Then let officers present who have a remedy

MUTUAL WORK 521

for the trouble be called upon to name it. In this way we believe much

good can be accomplished in awakening a renewed interest in the activities of our organization. Please note that the board of the stake

should meet before the date of holding the conference to compile these reports, discuss them, and be prepared to suggest remedies where needed, and to give commendation where merited. At conclusion of

conference please mail these questions and answers to General Secretary Moroni Snow, so that your findings may be placed on file and made helpful to others.

II.—Plans for the Boy Scout work and athletic movement in this

stake for the summer of 1913.

Your committee on athletics and Boy Scouts should be advised to prepare a plan for the summer work which should be presented to the officers on this occasion, discussed, and adopted, as far as thought profitable and advisable. See instructions in Era for March, 1912, and

January, 1913.

Y. L. M. I. A. Meeting, 2 />. m.

All members as well as officers should be invited.

A letter should be sent immediately to each Young Ladies'president requesting her to answer the following questions in writing, sending same to her stake president.

I.—Questions:

1. Do you prefer separate outlines for juniors and seniors? Why?

2. Do you continue during the summer?

3. Do you pay 100% dime fund?

4. Does the association subscribe for the Journal and have it

bound at end of year?

5. How many Journals are taken in your ward?

6. What is your enrollment?

7. How many of your members have access to the Journal?

8. What are you doing to increase your enrollment and attendance?

9. On what night do you hold meetings?

10. How many Young Ladies'socials have you held? How many

conjoint socials?

11. Have you the books of the reading course?

12. How do you interest your girls in these books?

13. How many successful testimony meetings have you held?

14. Do you use the stake traveling library?

15. Have the subjects, "Our Organization,"and "Prophetic Counsel,"presented at our last convention, been presented in your ward?

Follow the same plan in regard to compiling and presenting the answers to these questions as outlined for Y. M. M. I. A. officers above,

sending the questions and compiled answers to General Secretary Joan

M. Campbell, Room 34, Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

II.—Discuss the topic, "What Effect Has the Study of the Restoration Of the Gospel Had Upon Your Life?"

522 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Conjoint Evening Meeting.

Everybody should be invited to attend this meeting.

1. Have at least one congregational song, and special musical exercises.

2. Address: "Remember the Sabbath Day to Keep it Holy."

3. Address: "Honor Thy Father and Thy Mother."

IMPORTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE We believe that this midseason conference, if properly conducted on the lines set forth above, will result in much good in awakening a renewed interest in our organizations, and that where societies have been neglectful an interest may be revived and work accomplished still during this season. It will also aid in creating a renewed interest for

the summer work of our organizations, and help the officers to obtain better results for the season coming. We ask that the general stake

officers of the organizations be up and doing in advertising this conference properly and in presenting to the officers gathered such suggestions and commendations as will give them renewed strength for their work. To this end we pray that the Lord will give you influence

and bless you.

Yours truly, Joseph F. Smith,

General Superintendent Y. M. M. I. A.

Martha H. Tingey,

President Y. L. M. T. A.

Stake Oratorical Contest

On February 3, the Utah Stake M. I. A. oratorical contest finally

closed, in the stake tabernacle at Provo, where a large and interested audience heard the contest between the three successful district contestants of the stake. What we specially wish to call the attention of

the young men to is that in every district contest in that stake, though many young men tried, the young ladies won. The contest between

the three young ladies resulted in giving the first place to Mrs. Sebrina

Reynolds, of Springville Third ward, who spoke on "Religious Freedom,"and the second place to Miss Ola Sward of Provo Sixth ward, whose subject was "God in Nature;"and the third place to Miss Louie

Farley, who spoke on "The Mormon Missionary's Mother."Mrs.

Reynolds, of Springville, Third ward, who spoke on "Religious Freeners of contests on the association trophy cup and in addition received as a prize three volumes of Ella Wheeler Wilcox's poems. Miss Sward

was presented with two volumes of James Whitcomb Riley's poems, and Miss Farley with a copy of "Mother,"by Katherine Norris. We

trust that in the next contest the boys will make, some showing. How

say you, brethren?

Passing Events

The Equal Suffrage Amendment Resolution was finally adopted by the Nevada Legislature on January 30, and by Missouri, Feb. 20.

The Montana Legislature, on January 23, finally passed a woman suffrage resolution; and in Minnesota the lower house, early in February, decided to submit the question to the voters.

King Menelik of Abyssinia Died, about February 3, and Prince

Lidj Jeassu, one of his grandsons, entered the capitol as his successor.

The kingdom of Abyssinia has a population of about 8,000,000 with a powerful army, and its political institutions are feudal in character.

Menelik became the supreme ruler in 1889, and has been reported dead many times before. The new emperor is only seventeen years old,

and was elected some years ago by Menelik as his successor.

The Parcels Post System has been an eminent success in the

United States. Even if there should be no increase over the packages handled in January, approximately 40,000,000, about 500,000,000

parcels will be handled this year. Some postmasters estimate 1,000,-

000,000 packages. At the fifty largest postoffices, in January, 19,-

365,433 parcels were handled the first four weeks, the last two weeks exceeding the first by 5,000,000 packages.

An attempt on the life of Lord and Lady Hardinge by a bombthrower in Delhi, December 23 last, and the murder of a native official

January 14, at Bengal, has had the unexpected effect, it is reported, of cementing AngloIndian solidarity. Representative public meetings

have been held to resent the outrage against the viceroy and to denounce the crime. The people are said to be doing all they can to help

in the discovery of the criminals and to cry down the symptoms of anarchy which have so suddenly invaded that country.

Job Smith, valiant member of the Church and veteran citizen of

Utah, died January 2, at Sugar. He was born in England, December

2, 1828, and joined the Church May 18, 1840, being confirmed by Brigham Young, Willard Richards and Wilford Woodruff. He came to

America in 1843, and arrived in Nauvoo May 31, of that year. He was

ordained a Seventy and taught school there, and was quite familiar with the Prophet Joseph Smith. He started for the west in 1846, and

arrived in Utah September 25, 1848. He later filled a mission to England, returning home in 1854, leading a company across the plains. He

filled a short mission to California in 1877.

The Pioneer Trail Bill was presented to the Senate of the Utah 524 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Legislature early in February, by Senator BennerX. Smith. It provided

for making a state road of the trail and placing it under the control and direction of the State Road comission, and appropriated $10,000 towards surveying, marking and preparing the road for travel, to be expended under the direction of the commission. Later a committee

representing the M. I. A. Scouts appeared before the Senate Committee

on Highways and Lands and had a hearing upon the subject. In connection with the presentation of the bill petitions from Salt Lake, Sanpete, Wasatch, Davis, Summit, Tooele and Beaver counties, aggregating about 4,000 petitioners were presented to the Senate.

The Temple to be Built in Alberta will be located at Cardston, according to a decision by the First Presidency and Council of Twelve,

Thursday, February 6th, and announced on the 14th. The site is on

a beautiful eminence in Cardston, in the heart of the city. The elevations and prospective drawings of the temple appeared in the New

Year's News; the estimated cost of the building is $100,000, for which

amount it is believed that as beautiful an edifice as that of Manti, Utah, may be erected. It is expected that the work will be completed within

a year, provided enough skilful workmen may be found to complete the finishings.

Captain Robert Falcon Scott who, something over two years ago, led an expedition from London to the South Pole, perished with four of his men after he had reached the pole and while on his return journey, in a fearful snow blizzard. He reached the South Pole on January 18, 1912. After attaining the Pole they faced about to return,

and for two months struggled to get back to the "One Ton Depot,"which they had established one hundred and fifty miles north of the ultimate south, but one by one they perished on the way, the first on

February 17th, the second on March 17th, and Captain Scott, Lieutenant Bowers and Dr. Wilson, from exposure and starvation during

the blizzard, about March 29th. The sad news reached London and

i the civilized world early in# February, and detads, of the penlous journey are being printed in all the newspapers.

The Balkan War. On January 22, the Turkish grand council decided to accept the advice of the powers in their pointed note of the

17th, advising it to let the Balkan allies have Adrianople and the

Aegean Islands. The grand council decided to surrender Adrianople to

the allies on January 22nd, but their decision was so unpopular with the young Turk party in Constantinople that Emer Bey, one of its leaders, demanded the resignation of the ministry. Nazim Pasha, commander-inchief of the Turkish army, was killed in a riot which followed. Shefket Pasha, who commanded the army in the successful

revolution of the young Turks, when Sultan Abdul Hamid was deposed, was'made grand vizier and minister of war in the new cabinet. The

armistice was officially declared to be at an end, by the allies, on

PASSING EVENTS 525

January 30, and hostilities were again resumed. The Balkans and Servians attacked Adrianople and continued its bombardment. Conflicting reports of the progress of the war reached the outside world, and

up to February 15th no specially decisive event had occurred. There

was a great destruction of lives and much suffering on both sides. All

the conflicting nations lack money, which Europe is loath to supply.

Internal quarrels among the Turks, have been a great source of weakness to their cause. No one at present has any hopes that Turkey

will win out.

President Joseph F. Smith's Stand upon the matter of liquor traffic

was announced in a telegram from Washington, February 6. It appears

that officials of the AntiSaloon League of America, who are advocating the passage of bills pending in Congress to prohibit the shipment of liquor into "dry"territory, inquired and received the following telegram from President Smith relating to his stand on the subject:

"The Church of Latterday Saints is positively and unalterably opposed to shipment of liquor into dry territory, and to all unlawful traffic in intoxicants, and favors the entire suppression of all liquor traffic."

The reason the question had been asked of President Smith was that it had been reported that the "Mormon"Church was using its influence against the pending legislation.

Dunces Who May Blame Tobacco.—That over 90 per cent of all

boys who fail in the grammar and high schools are smokers, is asserted by Prof. M. V. O'Shea of the University of Wisconsin, as quoted in the

Literary Digest from the University Press Bulletin (Madison, December 16). The tobacco evil, he declares, is the most serious one that the

public schools have to contend with. We read:

"Most boys do not learn to smoke because they like tobacco, but because their schoolfellows smoke. It is a social thing with the boy.

By doing it he thinks he is one 'of the crowd'and not an 'outsider.'

Unruly boys are almost always addicted to the cigaret habit. Smoking

robs pupils of their docility. Records kept of the work of students who

were not addicted to the smoking habit when they entered the high school, but who acquired it later show that not only did these pupils become harder to manage, but the quality of their school work also declined greatly. What a hold the smoking evil has gained on public

school boys is indicated by the statements made by a number of highschool principals who declare that from 50 to 80 per cent of high school pupils are now using cigarets. It is an interesting fact that the

strongest sentiment against smoking has arisen in communities in which the raising of tobacco is the principal industry. Tobacco men

do not want young boys in their own communities to smoke, and in a number of places in Wisconsin various organizations have taken a stand against smoking by school children."

Amendments to the Constitution appear to be in order. On February 1st the Senate passed the proposed amendment limiting presicents of the United States to one term of six years, instead of a possible two terms of four years, as now. If this amendment shall become

526 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a law, which is very doubtful in our minds, it will mark a radical change in our form of government. The chief arguments in favor of

the proposed change appears to be that it would extend the president's opportunity to develop his policies and prevent him from devoting so much time and energy to appointments that would aid in his reelec- tion. The commonest objection is that it would keep the people from

choosing, perhaps in a great emergency, what man might seem best fitted to head the government. The resolution as passed by the Senate, with one vote only to spare over the necessary twothirds, substitutes for the first two sentences of section one, article two of the Constitution, the following:

"The executive power shall be vested in a President of the United

States of America. The term of office of President shall be six years,

and no person who has held the office by election or discharged its powers or duties, or acted as President under the Constitution and laws made in pursuance thereof, shall be eligible to hold again the office by election. The President and Vicepresident chosen for the

same term shall be elected as follows:"

The principle embodied in the proposed amendment was a Democratic platform plank, but there is some question as to how it would it would affect him at all, extend hisaffect President Wilson—whether

term for two years, or keep him from serving a second term. Obviously, if this amendment should pass, it would exclude President

Taft and President Roosevelt from ever again holding office, for which reason three Progressive senators voted against it. The House Judiciary committee later "indefinitely postponed the measure.

Jio> / c*fcor l1 L/ /7 ffiiso-y—*—\\ **** -J J ra Mont 1%, 7/W 6*;fe

/ ''I? ->a tBBoBfl I;u'/ Hw \ J tti t—t-/ Btt. J

—-4. 1 s\ #\

The Present Status of Two Reforms is well shown in the above drawings, the one to the left representing the progress of Prohibition.

The states in white have prohibition laws. Those in black have a

license law, with practically no dry territory; while those shaded have

license laws but contain much dry territory. Prohibition in West Virginia becomes effective in 1914. The drawing to the right gives a good

idea of the suffrage map of 1912. The equal suffrage states are shown

in white, those with partial woman suffrage are shaded, and those with no suffrage are in black. As stated heretofore in the Era, Kansas,

Oregon, and Arizona gave votes to women at the last election.

PASSING EVENTS 527

France's New President, Monsieur Raymond Poincare, elecd

January 17, to the presidency, took his seat on the 18th of February.

He has been engaged in politics for more than twentyfive years, and entered the cabinet first in 1893. He became premier in January, 1912,

and has taken a leading part in the concert of the powers relating to the Balkan trouble, working to confine the war to the small district where it originated. Aristide Briand consented, on January 20, to succeed him as premier. The presidents of France since the war of 1870,

with Germany, are herewith presented. Upper row, left to right:

Thiers (187173), MacMahon (187379), Grevy (187987), Carnot (188794), Casimir Perier (189495). Bottom row: Faure (189599), Loubet

(18991906), Fallieres'(190613), Poincare (1913).

The Income Tax Amendment to the Constituticn of our country, being the sixteenth amendment to that sacred document, became law on February 3, 1913, when it was approved by the Wyoming assembly, the thirtysixth legislature to take favorable action. The process of

ratification by the required threefourth of the state legislatures dragged along for nearly four years. The favorable votes of Delaware,

which state claimed that they were just ahead of Wyoming, Wyoming,

New Mexico and New Jersey, this year, made the amendment a law with three states to spare. Utah is among the states that failed to

ratify. The amendment has had a very long struggle, but finally won

acceptance, agitation of the question having been going on for eighteen years or more. It had to fight the vast influence of great wealth

throughout the nation. The amendment reads:

"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes from whatever sources derived without apportionment among the several states and without regard to any census or enumeration."

Many still consider it a very objectionable form of tax, holding 528 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that it will tax the life out of thrift and industry, also that the government will be largely supported by one class. Naturally there will be a

taxpaying and a taxvoting class, arising from the fact that a majority of the people in a large part of the country will be exempt from any personal concern with the levy while they will still vote in its expenditure. While the terms of the new measure are not yet decided upon,

Congress will likely put a tax of one per cent on incomes of $5,000, and this is expected to raise a revenue of $100,000,000. If the English rate

should be imposed, the new law would yield $400,000,000. Through this

law Congress will have a better opportunity to revise the tariff to a revenue basis, and to place lower rates, or none at all, upon articles of common necessity, which action is likely to be taken by the new administration.

The Mexican Situation became very serious during February, and occupied most of the space in the newspapers. Felix Diaz, a nephew

of exPresident Porfirio Diaz and formerly chief of police of Mexico

City, was one of the chief actors in the drama. On October 16th last,

Diaz took short possession of the city and port of Vera Cruz, but his revolutionary movement collapsed on the 23rd of October, when he was made a prisoner, and condemned to death; but his sentence was

suspended to imprisonment. He was released by mutinous cadets and

appeared on February 9th in the City of Mexico as a leader in the new situation. Associated with Diaz was General Bernardo Reyes, former

war minister, also released from prison. General Reyes was killed in

the battle which followed. Machine guns swept the square before the

president's palace, the government's forces poured forth a murderous fire from the tower of the cathedral, and the conflict continued with unabated force until Sunday morning, February 16, when there was a short armistice, but fighting was again resumed shortly before noon on

Sunday, and a large number of noncombatants were killed. Thousands of foreigners have made their way out of the city and others

found temporary refuge in the American and other foreign legations.

Our government dispatched a part of the Atlantic battleship fleet to

Vera Cruz and armed cruisers were within easy reach of Mexico's western ports. General Steever had 5,000 of the regular army on the

Mexican frontier, and both the army and the navy are ready for service at a moment's notice, in case of the necessity of intervention.

Military action on the part of the United States will not be taken except as a last resort, since President Taft and Congress evidently wish to avoid embarrassing the new administration with an international imbroglio of military operations. On the 18th a new revolution succeeded in Mexico City. The federal General Huerta, aided by the military leaders, treacherously overthrew President Madero, and made

him prisoner in the national palace, and it was expected Huerta would be declared provisional president by the Mexican Congress. But the

end is not yet.

L. D. S. KNITTED GARMENTS

SHIPPED BY PARCEL POST Our EXTRAORDINARY OFFER WE PAY POSTAGE to all parts of the United States and Canada on all

Orders for SIX or more PAIRS OF GARMENTS

MAILED TO THE SAME PERSON Get all your friends and neighbors to join with you in ordering and save postage

BEAUTIFUL AND USEFUL PRESENTS FREE

With all $10.00 orders we will send Absolutely Free a Beautiful Present.

SPRING 2UVD SUMMER GARMENTS Postage 14c extra per pair;

weave, bleached; suitable for No. 9B—Bleached, medium heavy summer wear. Per pair, postweave, will give excellent service.

paid $1.00 Per pair $1.35

Postage 14c extra per pair;No. 59M—Made of mercerized cot- 2 pair 20c.

ton, bleached; very desirable for weave, tuck cotton Ill—Heavy warm weather. Per pair, postNo.stitch, fleeced. Per unbleached,

paid $1.50 pair $1.00

spring and summer, bleached. 2 pair 20c.

Per pair $1.00 No. 11B—Unbleached, double back,

Postage 8c extra per pair; heavy $1.25

2 pair 14c. Postage 14c per pair.

WOOL GARMENTSNo. 57—Medium light weight, unNo. 500—1-3 wool $1.69

bleached, very serviceable. Per No. 501—1-2 wool $2.00

pair $1.00 No. 502—80% wool $2.50

Postage 14c extra per pair; By Parcels Post, 14c per pair;

2 pair 20c. 2 pair 26c.

IMPORTANT. When ordering be sure to give your bust and

height measurements, and your weight.

Samples of garment material gladly sent on request.

Garments marked for 20c extra per pair.

SEND FOR OUR GENERAL AND FURNITURE CATALOGS.

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE 258 SOUTH STATE STREET SALT LAKE CITY "The Prince of Peace,"found in this number, is a Christian classic that we hope all the young people will read. Its treatment of the origin of man, the

resurrection, and faitli in Christ, as the Prince of Peace, is convincing.

Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"is a subject well treated in this

number of the Era, and. with the articles on the same topic in the last number,

forms a sufficient answer to thearguments of Rev. Spalding, though there are

many points yet to he added.

Our subscribers get 64 pages extra in the February and March Era, in order to give them the arguments on "Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator,"and

at the same time give them the usual splendid variety of other matter. There

are still extra back numbers. Order today and get the whole volume for $2.

The February and March numbers, 20c each. A few extra on hand.

Improvement Era, March, 1913 Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, ) Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, [ Editors Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS Easter. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 404

The Prince of Peace William Jennings Bryan. 405

A Hymn of Action. A Poem John Hay 420

Under the Sea Level in Holland. Illustrated.. W. F. Thompson 421

Two Worshipers. A Poem Minnie Iverson 425

Little Problems of Married Life—XVIII William George Jordan... 426

431Purity. A Poem M. A. Stewart

/* Little Lesson. A Poem Lcn J. Haddock 432

The Tired Mother. A Poem Harper's 432

The Recall of Judges Dr. Joseph M. Tanner.... 433

"Joseph Smith, Jr., as a Translator"

A Critical Examination of the FacSimiles in the Book of Abraham Robert C. Webb, Ph.D.... 435

Comments on the Spalding Pamphlet John A.Widtsoe,A.M.,Ph.D. 454

Scientists Not Always Correct Judge Richard W. Young. 460

By Unmapped Paths. A Story Josephine Spencer 467

Only a Miner. A Poem M. A. Stewart 480

The Significance of Belief William J. Snow 481

Voice of the Intangible—VIII Albert R. Lyman 486

Tribute to Orson P. Arnold. With Portrait... Gecrge C. Lambert.. 491

The Gospel to the Lamanites Rey L. Pratt 497

Department of Vocations and Industries B. H. Roberts 504

Editors'Table—The Resurrection—Card Playing Prest. Joseph F. Smith... 50S

Messages from the Missions.'. 512

Priesthood Quorums'Table—High Priests in Granite Stake—Priests'Quorums—The Manner of Receiving New Members into the

Ward 517 Mutual Work—M. I. A. MidSeason Conferences—Stake Oratorical Contest 519

Events of the Month 523 BEMIKGTON AUTOLOADING SHOTGUN—ONE OF BROWNING'S PATENTS

DON'T WAIT TILL NEXT SEASON TO HAVE THAT GUN REPAIRED SEND IT TO US NOW and HAVE IT READY FOR NEXT SEASON

Send Postal for our Catalogue, 150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

CO., S?2SN BROWNING BROS.

THE NEW MODEL FIVE

L. G. Smith & Bros. Typewriter

Has all the successful features of earlier models with new ones added It anticipates the demands of owners and operators and is an example of the highest refinement of mechanical skill.

The ball bearings at all cardinal points, the inbuilt attachments, the keyboard ribbon control, lightning escapement, rigid carriage, are some of the reasons why this machine produces neat, accurate copy with the least amount of effort.

CO. L C. SMITH BROS. TYPEWRITER Head Office& for Foreign and Domestic Business,

Syracuse, N. Y., U. S. A.

SALT LAKE OFFICE, 379 South Main St.,

Salt Lake City

:"CALIFORNIA Three Daily

PLAN YOUR WINTER OUTING NOW E N D Principles $40 gS, P $40 The Result TO i "SAFETY FIRST"High Quality LOS ANGELES 2 Serviceyou travelwhenvia Splendid "COURTESY"Train "The StandLong Limits

Service ard Lines of Stop Oven CAREFUL ATTENElectrical- TION to details"the West ly Lighted Diverse By These each operAutomatic

Sleepers Routes ating employee Eledtric of the Safety Block Free Tickets and Signal Reclining Proteclton Chair Cars Reservations Dining Car f.C.Peck,G.P.A. J.H.Manderfleld.A.G.P.A. pledges his faith

Service 169 South Main St.

CITT TICKET OFFICE Excellent SALT LAKE CITY HOTEL UTAH

SALT LAKE CITT WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA"

Diamonds that are Gems are bought at JENSEN'S If you want an Engagement, Wedding or

Birthday Gift, come to us. We

will save you money.

Watch and Jewelry Repairing a specialty

J. S. JENSEN & SONS

71 Main St., Salt Lake City

Establiehed 1875

Joseph Smith as Scientist ml* 75c

History of Joseph Smith %>%R

- Cloth - $1.00 Morocco $2.50

SKND ORDERS TO

2022 BISHOP'S BUILDING SALT LAKE CITYIMPROVEMENT ERA

PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

A HOME COMPANY Joseph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, VicePres. and General Mgr.

N. G. Stringham, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past three years

HOME OFFICE, VERMONT BUILDING SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Save All Your Cream

The Dairymaid Cream Harvester is the biggest money maker—gets more cream

than any other. It's also made to wear.

Before buying a Separator, be sure to see the Dairymaid.

Co. Consolidated Wagon & Machine

Utah, Idaho; Wyoming and Nevada, GEO. T. OOELL, Gen'l Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA"