AUGUST 1954

NAUVOO TEMPLE RUINS

Beginning In This Issue:

"Route From Liverpool To Great Salt Lake Valley"

With Sketches and Accounts by Artist Fredrick Piercy

KITCHEN PORTRAIT BY

BACKGROUND FOR MODERN LIVING

A PRODUCT OF GLADDING, McBEAN &, CO

TILE TALK BY YOUR HERMOSA TILE CONTRACTOR BIGGEST NEWThe lucky lady pictured at the left doesn't have to "come out of the kitchen"to join family and guests. For, thanks to

smart planning, the kitchen has made In Cracker History!

friends with the rest of the house. No

longer does the modern homemaker scurry breathlessly between dining room, living room and kitchen in her Snacks, soups, salads... everything

threeway role of cook, maid, hostess. tastes better when it's accented with

are happeningExciting new things to the grand NEW taste in crackers—kitchen.today's Its "servants"come

built in. And they're far more efficient, Club Crackers by Purity!

too: The automatic dishwasher; the oven

built into the wall and vented so that heat v v You'll really go for their rich 'n hearty flavor...

doesn't escape into the kitchen; the 41 inviting new shape... crisp 'n flaky texture.

home freezer; the garbage disposal unit

the electric refrigerator; the infrared y

broiler; and, of course, beautiful, easyto-clean Hermosa Clay Tile.

Hermosa Tile makes life easier for you—whether you prefer the new communicating kitchen or the traditional

dining room and separate kitchen. This

modern ceramic tile saves hours of backbreaking scrubbing, cleans as easily as your favorite china. Moreover, when the

you take a pie out of the oven or a pot off the range, you can put it right on the grand counter. Hermosa's DuraGlaze surface

will not burn, blister or scratch. NEW

TASTE

in

crackers!

It's easy to achieve a beautiful kitchenor bathroom with this versatile material. 4

Your Hermosa Tile contractor will be happy to show you the complete line of colors and designs; show you how this PURITY'S

fadeproof, wearproof, timeproof material brings new efficiency, leisure and beauty into your home. You can depend,

too, upon his knowledge of tile and his skill in applying it.

For other color illustrations dramatizing Hermosa Tile kitchens and bathrooms, write for Gladding, McBean's folder,"/ never knew what tile could do!"

For your free copy, simply address:

GLADDING, McBEAN & CO.

2901 Los Feliz Boulevard, Los Angeles 39 other offices: San Francisco

Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello Portland Seattle Spokane Phoenix PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY

AUGUST 1954 545 by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

TpHE custom of separating words by spacing was used irregularly between the seventh and eleventh centuries A.D. and did not become common

usually had no for the untiland Latinthe latermanuscriptsdate. Classical Greek

separation, though sometimes dots or apostrophes were used to set off the youth of words.

today Palladium and platinum, like gold, can be beaten into leaf as thin as one twohundred thousandth of an inch in thickness. This leaf is so thin that

one ounce of palladium leaf will cover more than 200 square feet of surface and may be used for such purposes as decorating fine books.

A dentist in Wisconsin has invented a new type of posterior tooth that works on the meat grinder principle.

This precisionmade chrome alloy tooth has openings in it and the food passes through the tooth instead of being ground against the top.

Tt has been found that algae in pans of water six inches deep can absorb up to 2 percent of the total solar energy falling on a given area as compared for 0.1 average percent to less than FOR TIME OR tons of fifteen yield dry agriculture. A

to the acre has been achieved which is about five times the best land growth. ETERNITY?

By Mark E. Petersen HPhe length of time a mother carries

This is a timely book directed primarily to the her young before birth varies from youth of the Church. Written in story form, this about twentyone months for the eletells interesting L.D.S. of an commentary giraffe, for the fourteen girl who phant, months

falls in love with a nonmember. The problems

for nine and the horse, eleven months final in result union of thought and interesting an story—with all the Church concepts on dating, onehalf for the cow, to two months

Temple marriage, and missionary work clearly for dog or cat, one month for the rabexpressed. A perfect guide for the youth of our bit, and thirteen days for the opossum.

time.

eels Europe and America from northeast in Sea the Sargasso ONLY $2.00 HPhespawn

THE AMERICAS BEFORE COLUMBUS of Cuba many hundreds of feet below

DEWEY FARNSWORTH $5.00 the seaweedclogged surface. The fe-

—Available at any Bookcraft dealer—malestiny eggslay whichfrom fivehatchto twentyto a lengthmillionof

about a quarter of an inch. They float

for a time 600 to 900 feet below the surface, later rising to the surface and beginning their northward journey to BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH east of Bermuda where the American and European eels separate.

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This lowcost "broad coverage if

PROTECTS

ENTIRE FAMILY Low rates and broad coveris available to*..

age of the WHITE CROSS PLAN enable you to include every member of your family for as little as a few cents a day.

>VUSE ANY DOCTOR OR HOSPITAL YOU WISH Under the WHITE CROSS No need to join Be protected—for only a

you PLAN wish select—to anyuse yourhos- a group few pennies a day pital you

own family doctor, or to call in a specialist if one is the send needed. money We

. hospital, to doctor your or $1,000 direct. as you YOU,

4,000! BE NEEDN'T YOU A u A

&-Vi* BEDPATIENT n TO.1 accidental in urvtor *de? and r y?uj *$ BENEFITS COLLECT f You 'njurv foment sicf"days

tfc. ix death Enable,ouyou appttLjdaPSpied tf ntb.oX. get can cash payments You **fWe t0 UP treats the doctor when you W Aisabd aT50toess

his V in at your i wbU yeat oucauS eVen for officeEven home. ormoney

"outpatient"treatment when you need such hospital services as X-rays and eiat electrocardiograms.

"PRORATING"NO to *250 CROSS theWHITE $5 for DOCTOR in full paid you are PLANUnder g FEES for specified benefits in SURGICAL your policies. Payments are

never reduced other if some if a,n fshSSa of insurance plan pays part bill. of your irs, dV peced rm fltT5d- *W

A"NO FINE PRINT! The cash payments deon anyfch assessness.

scribed here are only of the densed outline amanyconyfofvariousVrations. rvuS amounts

WHITEbenefits availableCROSSunderPLAN.the

You'll find all the benefits, liberal terms and conditions clearly stated in big legible policies. in the type BEHESve T Paction benefits Accident begin impol- of mediately date from been a P oT fen!:?f - i?S icies. Sickness benefits

all benefit&st origiillnesses cover n h"1 'wce/50%months1 yw Policy If sp policies nating after have csPital. fie? $200a in force days, 30 disabS exbeen youoni '"come actual] 3! v plainly cept those few y SetJ month.'$300 a in policies. stated the You—all or of can part any toke "a4. to yeSyou

just poltake Plan what get—

icies you need.

M Mail coupon today for full information 4444BANKERSLawrenceLIFE & Avenue,CASUALTYChicagoCO., Dept.30, IllinoisIE-8

the Please lowcost famous LIFE by PLANall aboutoffered WHITE BANKERS tellCROSSme No obligation.. -/TjC [? This not ob/igafe does & CASUALTY COMPANY.

me in an/ way.

Name (PLEASE PRINT) BANKERS LIFE & CASUALTY CO. Address.

An OldLine Legal Reserve Stock Company City—

State Zone CHICAGO 30, ILLINOIS County or 30, ILL. OFFICE: CHICAGO HOME

B. L. C. & Co. More than $44,000,000 paid to policyholders in 19531AUGUST 1954 wmmmmmmmm547

:iS: vJthclal Lyraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD 'The Voice of the Church"TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jne (-kurcn of

: of cU.aiteraai4 aintd

n> r**> VOLUME 57 r*J NUMBER 8 n*J 1Aucpud 1954 n-J

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR - Manuscript Editor: IRIS PARKER

Contributing veir FRANKLIN Editors:S. HARRIS,ARCHIBALDJR. - HUGHF. BENNETTNIBLEY - - G. LEEHOMERA. PALMERDURHAM Jke C-o

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR Our cover this month is from a sketch

by Fredrick Piercy. He made the drawing over a hundred years ago on the

spot and called it, "Nauvoo Temple Ruins."

It was colored and adapted to cover use

The Editor's Page by Hal Rumel.

Some Characteristics of "the Kingdom"

President David O. McKay 557

Church Features EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES 50 North Main Street Your Question—"Why Did Jesus Come Alive Again?". Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

- Joseph Fielding Smith 559 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Highlights of the 1954 M I A Conference 570, 571, 572, 573, 574 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

SnowflakeMesa Girls'Home H. A. Hendrickson 575 Copyright 1954 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporaof the Improvement Mutual Men's Young Church The Moves

of of Christ of Jesus the Church Association Appointees New to Y Saints. All rights SubLatter-day reserved. OnW M I A Gen552 MelchizedekPresiding Bishopric'sPriesthoodPage 586584 tion

eral Board 554 scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

subscriptions, S3. 00 a year, in advance; 25c

single copy.

Special Features asEnteredsecondclassat the Postmatter.Office,AcceptanceSalt Lake forCity,mailingUtah,

at special rate of postage provided for in section "Route from Liverpool to Great Salt Lake Valley"with Sketches 1103,1918. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2,

Era for unThe responsible Improvement not I Accounts and by Fredrick Doyle L. Green 560 Piercy—Part solicited contributions. manuscripts, butis welcomes Steps In the -Stanley (Concluded Kimball of Abraham from June) 566 All be by sufficient manuscripts must accompanied

You Can Do the Impossible Rose A. Openshaw 568 postage for delivery and return.

Holiday for Mama Melba S. Payne 576

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Change of Address...Richard L. Evans 580, 582, 590, 604 dress.Fifteen Whendays'orderingnotice requireda change,for changeplease includeof adslip issue of the magazine. recent a from address Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Times, These of Policy In Change

changes unless cannot the old be Address made Harris, Jr. 546 Europe? 550 G. Homer Durham is well as the included. address as one new

Today's Family Best of Travel, The Mode Ezra J. Florence B. Pinnock Finds Cook599 ing Relaxing 596

National Advertising Representatives Florence Hyacinths,"No "—ButPoulsen Hints 597 Handy Johnson 600 J.

If Reviews Book 607 I Were in My Teens, Merle P.

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY Poulson 598 Your Page & Ours 608 Building Russ

San Francisco, California EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Stories, Poetry Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES 342 Madison Ave.

17, York Handcarts Westward—Part 6 Helen Orgill Kimball 564 New

The Kaleidoscope Iris Schow 569 DAVIS & SONSN. Y.

Frontispiece, Sleeping Sea, Daisy L. Dorothy Davis Tomorrow, Marie....598 30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt.

Is Detrick Loveliness, 555 as There As Long

Poetry Page 556 Ethelyn M. Kincher 604

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA |.: '

Guaranteed by,- fGood Housekeeping—1 *- iDiiimli '*!>

Brighten your Home J Model 598/628

Chrome

combined 'GAY, NEW PATTERN Exciting color and sparkling chrome in simple good taste for brighter living.

Thickly padded luxurious foam rubber cushioned chairs covered in scuffresistant, easy to clean VELON give maximum comfort. Extension table

seats six with plenty of room.

VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO. 5707 West Century Boulevard Los Angeles AS, California

Sold by leading department and furniture stores

CHANGE OF POLICY IN EUROPE? Build Yourself

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT, a CbdVatio VICE OF UTAH with Beautfful r\N June 28, 1954, the President of the politics, American policy since 1948 and

United States and the Prime Min1949, has been premised on the assumpister of the United Kingdom concluded tion that a French state could and Corrufujc four days of talk in Washington, D. C. would maintain a French army as the

TRANSLUCENT PANELS It was forty years to the day since the core of western European land deassassination of the Archduke Franz fense. To this was added American

Ferdinand of Austria on June 28, 1914, divisions and the socalled beginnings which ushered in World War I. It was of a "European army"under General

thirtyfive years to the day since the Eisenhower himself in 1950 and 1951.

final text of the Treaty of Versailles was Further, the "EDC"plan of the "Eurosigned, June 28, 1919. No one in the pean Defense Community,"with the

United States seemed to remember, yet way open for FrenchGerman and even the fact that President Eisenhower and European union—including the SchuSir Winston Churchill were conferring man plan of a combined continental

in Washington on that day was notecoal and iron economy, and the use of worthy. It marked an era. West German troops in a European

In the fiveyear interval between army—was fostered and encouraged as

June 28, 1914, and June 28, 1919, the the basis for American policy in Europe.

United States, in one The Marshall Plan sense, abandoned its went forward as the ecohemisphere policy, the nomic basis for this new

Monroe Doctrine, so far "posture of defense"—as

as (as forceful intervention Marshall P General

State) called Secretary of in European affairs was concerned. At Versailles, it.

Woodrow Wilson atBut France was bled tempted to make interwhite and spread thin.

national political collabOne person in every oration, t hr o u g h the thirtyfive French men,

League of Nations, the cornerstone of women, and children, was killed in of American foreign 191418, compared with one in about Corrulux the peace and policy. The effort failed. Instead, colevery 10,000 for the USA. The one in

IS VERSATILE laborationcontrol Asia,withby meansEurope ofinthetheWashingeffort to thatyoungFrenchman agedratio 1835.of thirtyfiveA generationwas a

ton Treaties of 19211922, became the of the best germ plasm, bone, sinew,

Corrulux makes a lightweight, strong basis of American policy between the and brain power was sacrificed on the roof for patio or porch. Its translucence wars. Included in these treaties were altar of the gods of war. Available

softens harsh, direct sun rays without the famous pacts guaranteeing "the boyhabies, "manpower"we rudely say darkening inside rooms. territorial integrity of China."They since World War II, were born to

provided a legal and political basis for French men and French women to proCorrulux Ceilings give the modern touch. Pearl Harbor in 1941 and its afterduce for 1940 and the trying years theredecorativeUnusual effects are produced after, insufficient story. troops to spread long and complicated

with Corrulux. Translucent Corrulux math—a throughout the French and the naval treaties were Also included Uniondiffuses light. Because it is rigid, Corits with the famous 5-5-3 ratios, which, in colonies. (The second largest empire

rulux foot ceiling on four can be used it let effect, of today, the world a be rememkind of continued Americandeflection. appreciable withoutspans

of the bered.) Thus, British while economy military alliance in seapower

Corrulux in the Kitchen—so smart, so the effort to keep the world safe and France, Germany, and of western Euclean, so colorful when you use Corrulux sound from our combined points of view. rope grew in 19481954, the heart, musfor cabinet doors, movable screen, or By June 28, 1954, this seapower alliance cle, nerves, and sinew of French power

room divider between kitchen and dinhad been considerably strengthened, were insufficient to meet all the deette. Your first low cost is your last deepened, and broadened by World mands in metropolitan France, torn

cost with Corrulux. War II, the British loan of 1946, the with disunity. There were de Gaullists

Marshall Plan aid of 1948 to Britain, on the right and Communists on the

See Corrulux at and NATO in 1949. In the effort to left as the two largest parties. And in

Your Local Lumber Dealer reconstruct political and economic Algiers, Morocco, Equatorial Africa, Europe (on the western edge of that Madagascar, IndoChina and elsewhere, continent), the United States attempted the colonial revolution, fanned by Rusbuild its policy (as distinguished sian and Chinese communism, provided

MORRISONMERRILL &C0.I mi its relations with insular Britain—in Asia—the events which may have

BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS and its commonwealth affiliates) around proved to be the undoing of American 205 NORTH 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH the hub of France. foreign policy in Europe.

Boise, Twin Falls, Pocatello, Idaho, Reno, Nevada In the crude language of power- (Continued on page 578) 550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. Priesthood and Church Government

REVISED EDITION Compiled under the direction of The Council of the Twelve by John A. Widtsoe, this

book of study serves as a general and permanent guide, as well as a reference book on the Holy Priesthood. With the historical and religious background of the priesthood fully presented, its functioning power in Church organization and government

is further defined and developed for clearer comprehension. $2.50

B. DEE VEKNMBNT2. Voice from the Dust GENET

This everpopular book retells once again the vivid and inspiring truths found in the

Book of Mormon. All the colorful adventures, the thousands of struggles and strivings

of early humanity in the new world are presented once again in this easyto-read and highly fascinating volume. $5.00

IM*"COM PAN*

3. The Doctrine and Covenants and the Future

ROY W. DOXEY

This revised commentary on the Doctrine and Covenants gives evidences from contemporary history that substantiate the warning messages contained in modern revelations. Minutely discussed and explained are the spirit world and the kingdoms of

the future. $1.25

4. Dictionary of the Book of Mormon

GEORGE REYNOLDS Students of the Book of Mormon, inquirers into the faith, and all who wish to grow in further understanding of the Book of Mormon will find this book an invaluable aid. It contains a rich source of information that is both immediately available and

easy to find. $3.50

5. Our Bible

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

Booklet. For those who wish to

know the Church's position with reference to various translated Bihle versions, here is an authoritative and scholarly answer. Be sure to

get this valuable reprint of President Clark's April Conference address. 35c

6. For Time or

Eternity?

MARK E. PETERSEN

This beautiful romance and intriguing story of the courtship of Sue and Bob will interest all Latterday

Saint readers. Here are described

the heartaches and fears of a young girl who falls in love with a nonmember. But with faith and courage, her hopes for eternal marriage

become a reality. Read this heartwarming story of a young couple's

preparations for the sacred Temple ceremony. $2.00

7. Your Faith and You

MARK E. PETERSEN

This book has been written by one who loves youth and who understands the problems and dangers they are confronted with today. Theprincipal theme is that faith—

true faith in practice in all areas of living—can offer complete immunity from the delusions and frustrations of a fastpaced world. Subjects discussed: Dangers in Petting,

Hasty Marriage, Lawbreakers, and many others. $3.00

AUGUST 1954 551 MOVES Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

The MIA June dance festival was ing the theme "Our Temples"was

May 1954 presented in the University of Utah held in the Tabernacle. President J.

stadium. Nearly nine thousand dancers Reuben Clark, Jr., was the featured

>0 President S. Dilworth Young of participated. cold Unseasonable kept speaker.

the First Council of the Seventy the number of spectators down from the delivered the baccalaureate sermon beover-flow audiences of previous years.

fore the graduating class of the Utah C Dr. Adam S. Bennion of the Council of to the TwelveState was Agricultural named College. officially Conference June MIA important study head an group on

reception a the with opened on federal aid to education. This commitEzra IQ Elder Taft of the Benson gengrounds, Tabernacle followed by

is field tee entire to of the federal study Council of the Twelve and US in eral sessions the Elder Tabernacle.

Secretary of Agriculture was awarded Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the responsibility in education and to assist

the Silver Buffalo, highest award given Twelve and adviser to the MIA, was the Commission on Intergovernmental by the Boy Scouts of America, in exeramong the speakers at the morning Relations in making its final recomcises in Washington, D. C. session. Elder Harold B. Lee of the mendations to President Dwight D.

It was announced that during the Council of the Twelve was a speaker Eisenhower. The committee's meetmonth of May the headquarters of the at the afternoon general session. This ings will be held in Washington, D. C.

Southern States Mission had been session honored the Bee Hive Girls of moved to 2055 East Lake Road, N. E., the YWMIA who this year are celeIt was announced that Mrs.

Atlanta, Georgia. brating their fortieth anniversary. Thelma J. Ryser had been called

The allChurch relay concluded in to the general board of the Primary AsPresiding Bishop Joseph L. Wiiirththe University of Utah stadium. East sociation and assigned to the music

lin dedicated the chapellapel otof the Twelfth (Salt Lake City) running committee of that organization.

Thatcher Ward, Bannock (Idaho) Stake. Bryce Chamberlain, Robert Madsen,

Gary Smith, and Preston Thompson, of President Richards Stephen L j) |j (Arizona) the 440 relay, with Ajo won the First Presidency dedicated the June 1954 of second. placing Royd Shumway

Tempe (Arizona) won the open mile chapel of the Springview and Spring

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Counevent, at 4:24.6. Glen wards, Grant (Salt Lake City)

cil of the Twelve dedicated the The MIA June dance festival was Stake.

combination Cottonwood (Utah) Stake presented for the second time in the President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. of the

house and Holladay Fourth Ward University of Utah stadium. This time First Presidency dedicated the chapel of

chapel. the weather had moderated and there the Smith and Smith West wards, Grant

Elder Milton R. Hunter of the First was an overcapacity audience to wit- (Salt Lake City) Stake.

Council of the Seventy dedicated the ness it. Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Counchapel of the Fairfield (Montana) cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel

Branch, West Central States Mission. of Salem Ward, North Rexburg (Idaho)

sessions Today's O MIA conference Stake.

.""/ in meeting were departmental, Elder Milton R. Hunter of the South Blackfoot Stake, 214th such

First Council of the Seventy dedivarious parts of the city. unit now functioning in the Church,

cated the chapel of the Hamilton (MonTwo evening performances of the organized from portions of Blackfoot tana) Branch, West Central States music festival were given in the Taber- (Idaho) Stake, with Elder Lawrence T.

Mission. nacle. The festival featured a 112piece Lambert, who has served as second

youth symphony orchestra and a sixteen counselor in the Blackfoot Stake sushundred-voice youth chorus. tained as president. daylong Elders camp instiDarrell A YWMIA

It was announced 9 tute in Mill was that Miss Jane Wilson susand Creek Canyon C. Dean Packer were

held. Thompson of Provo, Utah, had been tained as his counselors. Wards in the

appointed to the YWMIA general new stake are Blackfoot Second, Third, | A Bee Hive camporee and sports board. Fifth, and Sixth; Pingree, Riverside,

institute was held in Mill Creek Riverton, and Thomas. President ParCanyon. Elder George Q. Morris of the ley A. Arave, and his first counselor,

Two performances of the MIA drama Council of the Twelve, a former Elder Howard Packham were retained festival were given at Kingsbury Hall, general superintendent of the Young in their positions in Blackfoot Stake.

University of Utah campus. Men's Mutual Improvement AssociaElder Willard Smith Wray was susThe fifth annual allChurch relay tion delivered an address entitled "Our tained as second counselor, succeeding

opened at the University of Utah Youth"to the nationwide audience of Elder Lambert. Wards remaining in

stadium. The shuttle relay was won the Columbia Broadcasting System radio Blackfoot Stake are Blackfoot First and

by Steve, Charles, and Joe Jackson network on the Church of the Air proFourth: Groveland, Moreland, Rose, and

(brothers), and Oscar Anderson of Fillgram. Music was taken from the MIA Wapello. The stake organization was

more, Utah. Ajo (Arizona) was second, music festival presented in the Taberunder the direction of Elders Harold B.

while Syracuse (Utah) took third, and nacle last night. Lee and George Q. Morris of the CounEast Twelfth (Salt Lake City) finished A morning general session of MIA cil of the Twelve.

fourth. John Egan of Salt Lake City June conference was held in the TaberSacrament meetings throughout the

won the junior mile event, setting an nacle under the direction of the First Church commemorated the 125th anniall-time record for the allChurch meet Presidency. versary of the restoration of the Melof 4:46.5. The MIA June speech conference, uschizedek Priesthood.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Surprise/ Mow her toaster really toasts drispu toasb /

Electricity! "Why douldrit it do that before? Look To Your

What WAS the matter with this lady's toaster? new house may be electrically unfit to handle the K If you own a house, see your

Nothing at all. It just wasn't getting the power load of all the appliances you now own! electrician. He will gladly make a

it needed! How can you tell if your home wiring needs attenstudywhat ofworkyourifwiringany maysystem,be needed,tell you

Why not? Simply because the wiring in the lady's tion? In addition to poorlyoperating appliances: and its cost.

house wasn't large enough to carry the necessary Dimming of lights when you operate appliances;

If house, to don't plan a you buy iron, etc.; of toaster, heating blow- K Frequent electricity toaster to her as well as to the many Slow

to the age check forget up and on fuses; ing of reception Poor appliances when TV uses. she other appliances still, its wiring. Better of capacity

in outlets are switches few and use; Too where

it for inspect electrician have you! an

But, as you can see from the lady's face, she did you need them.

you, if is sufyour house it. So can about something If build, to are going you be If find these in your symptoms you home, can V you

electrical troubles. the fering from same to And for the plan sure wiring your that sure are putting with up you it's be than more

well the as present. as future it Reis! that to 1 4 inconvenience. also losing in You're wasted money that the average, your on member

For instance, if your home was built more than 10 current. You're risking fire from undersized, overelectrical needs increase 10% every

years ago, you can be positive that its original loaded, overheated wires! year!

wiring cannot care for all the appliances you've Why take chances? Ask your local electrician for Kennecott Copper Corporation,

bought these past few years. In fact, even a brandan electrical checkup! 161 E. 42nd St.,'New York 17.N.Y.

Fabricating Subsidiaries:

Chase Brass & Copper Co.

Kennecott Wire & Cable Co.

Published for your information by

L Kennecott Copper Corporation

A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

AUGUST 1954 553 New Appointees to YWMIA General Board

School, Sevier class ing High at South to Sevier of the South a graduate and Home

Seminary.

Miss Parker, a journalism graduate Canning of Brigham Young University, was presented, during her senior year, K with an award for rendering the nv/St

FOR A PIQUANT ACCENT TO outstandingjournalism duringservice thatto theyear.school in

SNACKS—BETTER EATING ANY Her parents are Mr. and Mrs.

TIME—YOU CAN'T BEAT HOMEJames Elbert Parker of Joseph, Utah.

and RELISHESCANNED PICKLES. Joie Elaine McKean Iris Parker Miss Thompson, assigned to the

budbeat their you can'tAnd getprices—with home canBee Hive Committee of the Young

ning costing only about 3 a Joie Elaine McKean and Women's MIA general board, is projar, for heat, cap and jar (estiMissMiss Iris Parker of Salt Lake gram director of Brigham Young Unimated jarlife at 8 years). So, City, and Miss Jane Thompson versity, where for the past two years

prepare to put up plenty! of Provo, have been appointed to the she has sent out more than one thouInside Story general board of the Young Women's sand student talent shows throughout

Experienced home canners Mutual Improvement Association. the West.

recognize quality in the Miss McKean, long active in varienamel lining of the Ball ous Church assignments, was, when JJgjMflj

Dome Lid... a smooth, this call came, filling a stake mission

creamwhite inner surface in the Hillside (Salt Lake City) acids. resists the food they likethat And Stake. Beginning in January 1951

... Ball down, canseal they Dome SEE

jar sealed. she filled a full time mission in

Hawaii, laboring in Honolulu and

Why Fruits Float in Hilo. She has held many MIA

Fruit floats in jars because it is lighter positions in the Colonial Hills Ward than the syrup. Floating may be preof Hillside Stake, among them being:

ripe using firm, or reducedvented by fruit Bee Hive leader, Junior Girls'activity Jane Thompson light... using before packing... heating

to medium syrup... packing closely withdirector, ward secretary, and Gleaner

out crushing... using the right timing leader.

and method. She is the daughter of Joseph

deceased, Larsen McKean, and Ruth Raft the from graduated She wasFirst Choice attended Manson. She McKean salutatorian as pubRiver School High espeBall Mason Jars—designed lic in schools Dividend Goshen, and attended then Brigham and Young cially for home canning—have Payson graduated from Utah, was graduated University she where first choice was canners'been home

for 4 generations. Spacesaving High School, attended the Univerwith honors and with an A. B. degree

shape; with nonslip ribs. Be sity of Utah, and received her degree in music.

Sure—buy Ball! from LDS Hospital School of NursAfter World War II she went to

in the ing. year served for one She of the Civilian as a Europe member Pickle VarietyEnjoy Corps. been has She Nurse Army perService Actress Technician and tastetreats give tomatoesGreen new to the Hive CommitBee assigned in, directed arranged, and formed into spiced whole, mincewhen made

meat... or substituted for cucumbers tee. soldier shows. In Europe she wrote

in following the usual dill recipe. Miss Parker is a member of the a musical comedy that toured the

staff of The Improvement Era, servEuropean Theater of Operations for

DoIt -Yourself Booh ing as manuscript editor and "Tofive months.

unusualShows new many day's Family"editor. After the war, Miss Thompson's use Ball Jars yearways to

round. For housewife, garAt the time of her appointment to work took her to Southern California,

dener, sportsman! Send for the Speech Committee of the general where she taught music in the Los

this fascinating new book, board, she was a member of the UniAngeles public schools, did radio and "101 New Uses for Ball versity (Salt Lake) Stake YWMIA television work, and sang with Ike

Jars and Fittings"—only 25?f (coin) to: board, where she has had assignments Carpenter's dance orchestra. She

E84,Dept. Brothers Ball Co., in the Speech and Gleaner departserved as activity counselor in the

Illinois. 77, 1201, ChicagoBox

of the Los years. Wilshire past the Ward, during ments two She YWMIA 1954BALL of director Angeles Stake, also in and was the Gleaner BROS. GO has Junior worked

department and in the LDS Girls'music and special activities.

program in the University Ward. In 1950 she was called on a misEmigration Stake. She was secretary sion to Great Britain.

and a teacher in the Sunday School She is the daughter of Bishop and of the Joseph Ward (South Sevier Mrs. J. Henry Thompson of Malta,

Stake), valedictorian of her graduatIdaho.

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The night is still.

White sails hang motionless.

Sleeping Sea The gracious light of all the tranquil stars by Daisy L. Detrick

And of the moon, fullorbed,

Silvers the purple velvet of the sky.

The water's somber mystery is veiled.

There is a gentle swell beneath the keel,

The quiet rhythmic breathing of the sleeping sea.

Photograph by Fletcher O. Gould

AUGUST 1954 555 INTRUDER OH GRANTmmTO ME THEY PASSED THIS WAY

By Frances Rodman By Zelda Davis Howard By Deon Nethercott Olson find daily to eyes guide my for tarried this and passed way npHEY God, cottage takes a summer who of kind, the hidden beauty J- The awhileHe is a guest; that but Finds he of ugly weed, an blossom The smile. a of with scattered seeds kindness And before long bushes,In the of deed, a humble heaven The of friends in hearts precious memories The nest. built a busy came, was He spring, of birth of the glory The ends. stars as have no the and Are many rafters, porch's the beneathWasps to sing; soul the that moves joy The families weep, lonely Desolate and in the Spiders frame window art the master to grant me Oh, to reap to try nourish and bravely Yet snail in residence; aAre heart. understanding the Give me love the planted inspirations by The his scrawled the has stone name. On

above. are from those watching now Of who A CAMPFIRE

cottage takes a summer whoHe Master's all these; stranger to Is a By Thelma Ireland The

Were cut. Wevoicegrievecalledbutout,knowandthatmortalGodtiesis his slumber, inGossip haunts him

Whispered by the leaning trees. campfire blazing in the dark, wise.

to plan, a greater according now, flaming of are Bouquet and night watching dayEyes A of horizon the man. beyond walk light TheyAnd all its radius in frees does where and he he goes, That What

that faith, through know we Somehow, night. enslaving earth's for to depart,Waiting From him

Waiting for the door to close. It stretches up toward the sky someday we

As if wont to reach Mars. Will join them in that great eternity.

FAREWELL TO DAY That can't be done so it sends sparks To mingle with the stars. HOMETOWN MAN

By Mabel Jones Gahhott RIVER MOODS By Vivian Orden Reeves

Slowly, imperceptibly, The burnished west grows dim; By Daisy L. Detrick T Te did not care for poetry, he said,

* "poppies the like embers, bloomed Yet famished whenFading—a

gay is the river when the sun shines still, red a flamebright or like hymn, And hushed Howbright there, lingers felt glowing last beauty, familiar note the awesome HeWhose

When hands no longer play; And the deep waters dapple in the golden Reach forth and touch his heart, like silent

light! prayer.

Slowly, reluctantly, The willow trails her fingers in the cool ebb He tilled the soil and saw the tiny shoots

Earth bids farewell to day, and flow, Reach up, like baby fingers; thought the roots

Stretches a little shadow's length, And the wary trout darts in the pools down Resembled brown toes dug into the loam.

Turns the twilight on, below. With growing things, he was so much at

And rests, knowing tomorrow's light The gray squirrels chatter in the old beech home.

Will quicken with the dawn. tree

While the river flows and flows on its way He loved the spider's frail arid priceless lace,

THE HOBBLED HEART to the sea. The mischief hidden in a pansy's face,

of call lark wistfully, the Heard, meadow the is river tranquil the moon when How Margo Brown By dark.. twilight the the Between and summer high, rides

dotted shucks corn the autumn when And starfall a soft didn't choose from a but daughter her beams And lands, J*- chose sky! spangled shoes. her between metal bar The of the bands. tepees Indian the saw He silvery ripple a has swirl every and Then bed. hospital wereThere doctors—nurses—a art, for or poetry time had no He sheen, said. bar,"voice firm a a with go "She may lifelong lived his in heart. a Yet poem velvet trees where shadows the make I And set her down: the bar and made, So was

it glides between. ground. small, feet on uncertain hobbledTwo

of the water seems to hint at RELATIONSHIP splash The her start, I watched dread In anxious mystery,And I felt that I had a hobbled heart. I want to follow, follow all the way By Helen Harrington And

starting a little while stumbled She about. hitched laughing eagerly, But out, to the sea. OldfoughtJacob itnevereverygaveinchtoofnature.the waylHe She reached the children—began a game. He clipped the branches of his neighbor's

And my hobbled heart was wrung with tree shame. that overhung his fence and if the day

She had not looked back but with lifted head was dark and rainy, he would storm at it instead! the world greet to hurriedHad if his storming sunlight could come. make

fettered fear had I knew ownThen my I've to seen twit turn even him me, asWhy free! surely suddenly, heart wasAnd my it because too a rainbow soon! came The

CLUB LUNCHEON and sumsubstance of him was: he could not wait.

By Gladys Stewart Bennion He wantedstraight,fencerows clean and rivers

She served her guests on fragile china and if they would not go so, railed at fate.

dishes, Alfred was not like that. To him Blue, Young transparent, in Royal plates, edgedOn

earth to eat, but beauty, really wasn't much There wilful child, good, enchanting, but an was it through; ere felt were you everywhere, You

if it or disobeyed worth no saw and lettuce, frilled jellied salads, with dainty The for ideas mild in his was sweet, luscious crispy, cookies, thin white The it might in reprimand. Heit, figuredhe know hostess the oh, the words good, but Were

served us a thing or two he didn't! He'd be blest

As we were seated there, prepared to eat; if he'd uproot wild strawberries! and his

The lunch itself we hardly knew we tasted; furrow

often he'd a nest. spared crooked where realize that we'd been fed; was didn'tWe

at brittle grew quite Jacob Old the end of relishes conversation wondrous Her

Had filled our minds; and we were because he never learned to give or bend.

. banqueted. -Photograph by Martin S. Dworkin Young Alfred died with even wind his friend.

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 0\K>

-.;,-<*? j.i-is***'4 'r'.'',; \ '

Some Characteristics of "the Kingdom"

by President David O. McKay

life are the first

life to is subject Fromin theamongSermonthe sublimeon theteachingsMount ofI thequoteSaviorthe five,"Theand mostthis isfatefulthe timeyearswhenin following: its environment, and before selfconsciousness and

"... seek ye first the kingdom of God, and selfdirection are aroused...."

his righteousness; and all these things shall be Believing the adage, "Train up a child in the

added unto you."(Matt. 6:33.) way he should go, and when he is old he will not

The mission of the Church is to prepare the depart from it,"(Proverbs 22:6) the Church

way for the final establishment of the kingdom fosters organizations and activities for the deof God on earth. Its purpose is, first, to develop velopment of character among the children and

in men's lives Christlike attributes; and, second, youth of the Church. Parents who fail to ento transform society so that the world may be a courage their boys to attend their quorum duties,

better and more peaceful place in which to live. who fail to encourage their children to take adIn the changing of men's lives the Church vantage of the Sunday School, the Primary, and

u recognizes certain fundamental factors so essenthe Mutual and Seminaries and Institutes and tially important that they are constantly called other opportunities are recreant to their duties to our attention. For example, in recognizing and to their parental responsibilities.

the reality of the divine edict that the sins of These are but a few of the aspects of the the fathers will be visited upon the children to Church devoted to the phase of character buildthe third and fourth generation (see Exodus ing, and to something which is even more precious 20:5) the Church emphasizes the necessity of restored gospel—a testimony, of the truth of the

moral and physical fitness for parenthood. of Jesus Christ.

Hence, the constant plea that young men and The first duty of the citizens of the kingdom is women live clean, chaste lives prior to their to live exemplary lives. The complete ideal of

assuming the responsibility of marriage and rethe gospel of Jesus Christ is to make upright main true to their sacred covenants after marcitizens in an ideal society.

riage. On the night of Gethsemane, in the Upper

Hence, there is constantly held before us the Room, before Jesus and the Apostles left for the ideal of temple marriage, where the sanctity of garden, he prayed:

the marriage covenant is sealed and ratified by "And now I am no more in the world, but the highest divine authority given of God to these are in the world.... I pray not that

man. thou shouldest take them out of the world, but

1 Hence the emphasis laid upon the Word of that thou shouldest keep them from the evil."

Wisdom wherein tobacco, stimulants, and nar- (John 17:11, 15.)

cotics are eschewed, and temperance and obedience The mission of the Church is to minimize and to the laws of health encouraged and admonished. if possible eliminate these "evils"from the world.

1 Hence, the earnest effort of the Church to proThe need of such a unifying force has been exvide a religious environment for the growing pressed by Samuel Z. Batten as follows:

child almost from the time of birth, through all "The world has many good people in it today, its organizations and activities. more who are ready to believe than ever before,

Says one writer: (Concluded on following page)

&?& -x&s 114/ / l/\JI %3 Jl 14/>L%j*JTsCNTNCNCVCNCy

AUGUST 1954 557 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) lence are contrary to the teachings of Jesus and by him but these people possess no unifying ideals, no organic would be most vehemently denounced. Intimidation and

principles, no coherent view of life, no synthetic prodictatorship are elements foreign to the spirit and govgram of action. Society is coming to selfconsciousness, ernment of the Church. The Church encourages and

and is beginning to take note of its troubles and needs, recognizes honest labor whenever and wherever it prebut it has no clear sense of direction, no organizing imsents itself, but it must condemn the spirit of oppression, pulse, no allinclusive ideals, no mighty impulsion.... of compulsion, of intimidation wherever it rears its head

Is there anything by which our nature can gain its unity, Says Beverley Nichols:

our race acknowledge its brotherhood, our humanity "Economic problems, racial problems, sexual problems, order its affairs as a whole?"unemployment problems, war problems, are myths, ugly

We answer, yes. Such a uniting force, such an ideal phantoms created by minds that are not washed with

is the gospel of Jesus Christ as restored through the the Spirit of Christ, absurd chimerae that could only

Prophet Joseph Smith. It explains man's life and its flourish in deserts across which the shadows of the cross

purpose, and has within it the vital saving elements, has never fallen. I know that our lives have no 'probnoble ideals, and spiritual uplift for which the heart lems'as long as we trust in Christ, and the fact that

of man is yearning. my own life is full of problems at the moment is only a

Right thinking, upright men and women everywhere proof of the distance that I still have to travel before are desirous of eliminating from our communities evil reaching perfection."

are those in the world who say that jealousy,elements that are constantly disintegrating society—the (There

liquor problem with its drunkenness, poverty, and enmity, selfishness in men's hearts will always preclude misery; immorality with all its attendant evils; war, the establishing of the ideal society known as the kingdom

which is literally hell on earth. of God. No matter what doubters and scoffers say, the

What should be our attitude towards these social mission of the Church of Christ is to eliminate sin and conditions? First, see to it that as individuals we do wickedness from the hearts of men, and so to transform

not by our acts contribute to their existence, and, secsociety that peace and goodwill will prevail on this ond, put forth every righteous effort to eradicate them earth.)

from our communities. "Human nature CAN be changed, here and now.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is "Human nature HAS been changed, in the past.

seeking to make both home and community environ- "Human nature must be changed, on an enormous ment better and brighter. scale, in the future, unless the world is to be drowned in

Cooperation and mutual helpfulness are virtues charits own blood.

acteristic of the Church of Jesus Christ. Its watchwords "And only Christ can change it....

are unity, efficiency, brotherhood—a brotherhood in "Twelve men did a lot to change the world, nineteen

which justice and mercy prompt the actions of all men. hundred years ago. Twelve simple men, with only the

President Brigham Young once said: wind to bear them over the seas, with only a few pence

"Whoever lives to see the Kingdom of God fully in their pockets, and a shining faith in their hearts.

established upon the earth, will see a Government that They fell far short of their ideal, their words were will protect every person in his rights."(Discourses of twisted and mocked, and false temples were built over

Brigham Young, 1943 ed., p. 355.) their bones, in praise of a Christ they would have reAnd again: jected. And yet, by the light of their inspiration many

"If the Kingdom of God... was established on the of the world's loveliest things were created and many of

earth.... One community would not be permitted to the world's finest minds inspired.

array itself in opposition to another to coerce them to "If twelve men did that, nineteen hundred years ago, their standard; one denomination would not be suffered what might not twelve men do today? For God has

to persecute another because they differed in religious given us the power of whispering across space, or transbelief and mode of worship.. Every one would be fully mitting our thoughts from one end of the earth to anprotected in the enjoyment of all religious and social other. What shall we whisper—what shall we think?

rights, and no state, no government, no community, no That is the question."Beverley Nichols.

person would have the privilege of infringing on the Every true Latterday Saint will not only whisper but rights of another."(Ihid., p. 354.) proclaim that "... a marvelous work"has "come forth

The arrogance of wealth and the bitterness of soul among the children of men."(D. & C. 4:1.) I most sinthat springs from poverty would find no place in a cerely bear witness that the Church of Jesus Christ is

society made of men and women who truly believed that marvelous work.

and put forth sincere effort to live in accordance with "Therefore, O ye that embark in the service of God, the gospel. see that ye serve him with all your heart, mind and

The strife between capital and labor would cease, for strength, that ye may stand blameless before God at the the spirit and actions of coercion, intimidation, and violast day."(Ibid. 4:2.)

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

"Why Did Jesus Come Alive Again?"

Question: "I teach the Primary class in our ward. over all the earth. All the children inherited death

While telling the story of the resurrection from our first parents, so we will all have to die as our of Jesus, one of the children asked, 'Why did Jesus come ancestors have done before us. This made it necessary

alive again?'The only answer I could give was that that something be done to redeem us from death and

he was so good that he just could not stay dead. I have restore us to life again where there would be no death,

read the scriptures on the crucifixion, but cannot seem for this trangression of Adam and Eve, placed all of us to get the full reason for the necessity of his death, and subject to Satan's power after death. The Lord has

how he had the power over death. Will you please told us through his prophets, that if some remedy was

explain this to me as it is given in the scriptures?"not provided to restore life, our spirits would become

subject to Satan forever and he would have ruled over us

The death and resurrection of Jesus while our bodies would have remained in the grave

Christ form the very foundation of the forever. Both justice and mercy demanded that this

plan of salvation. They are the most fundamental docbroken law which brought death would have to be

trines of all the teachings in the scriptures. It is essenmended to defeat Satan and bring us back to receive the

tial that every member of the Church have a perfect mercies of our Eternal Father.

understanding of the reason why Jesus came into the The means provided for our redemption from death world and the nature of his mission. The responsiwere prepared in the plan of salvation before Adam and

bility for this instruction rests primarily with the parents, Eve were sent to the earth, and Jesus Christ volunteered but it is also necessary that it be taught in our auxiliary to come and atone for this transgression and thus gain organizations as well as in priesthood classes. the victory over the devil. Therefore, he is called the

The plan of salvation was prepared before the founda- "Lamb of God,"who was chosen to be slain "from the tion of our earth was laid. We were then the spirit foundation of the world."(See Revelation 13:8; I Peter

children of our Eternal Father. In the course of our 1:19.) The only way this atonement could be made

progression it was necessary that we have the privilege was for Jesus who was chosen to pay the debt to justice of coming to this earth and here receive our bodies of and mercy, and redeem us from the grasp of Satan, to flesh and bones and pass through this period of mortality come into the world with power over death, for no one where we are subject to all the conditions we find in who was under the bondage of death could pay the debt this life: pleasure and pain, happiness and sorrow, and and restore us to live forever. Jesus was the only person

be tried and tempted to see if we would be true to our who ever came into this world who had power over death,

Eternal Father and keep his commandments when we and having that great power, by the shedding of his were not in his presence as we kept them when we were blood on the cross he could redeem us and get the spirits living in his presence. This earth is a probapower of the resurrection. After he came forth from

tionary state, or a place prepared where we are tested the tomb he had all power to call every other person and given the privilege of walking by faith, that we forth from the grave. And after he came forth, on the

may become worthy to return to our Father to dwell in third day after his crucifixion, he opened the graves of his presence, and become his eternal sons and daughters. the righteous saints who had lived from the days of

The great honor to come here and be the first parents Adam to the time of his crucifixion.

of all men was given to Adam and Eve. They were He had declared to Martha that he is the resurrection

placed by the Father in the Garden of Eden where and the life (see John 11:2526) and this he taught to

there was no death. Adam and Eve in the condition his disciples. Jacob, the brother of Nephi, has given us

in which they were when placed in the Garden of Eden a very clear understanding of the mission of Jesus Christ could have lived there forever if they had not broken and how he came to redeem us from death and from a law, but they would have lived alone and would have Satan. This is found in the second book of Nephi,

had no children. (See 2 Nephi 2:2225; Moses 5:11.) chapter nine, which all who consider what is here writThe Lord told them they could eat the fruit of every ten should read carefully. He explains how we would

tree in the garden except the fruit of the "tree of the have been angels to the devil, without the death and knowledge of good and evil,"and if they did eat this resurrection of Jesus Christ, and now because of the fruit they would surely die. Satan tempted them and mercies of our Heavenly Father and his beloved Son

they ate this fruit and broke this commandment. By Jesus Christ, we have escaped from the grasp of this

doing this a change came over their bodies and they great monster.

became subject to death, as the Lord has said, and they A word or two showing how it was possible for Jesus were driven out of the garden. After they were driven Christ to come and redeem us is necessary at this point.

out children were born to them and they have spread (Concluded on page 578)

AUGUST 1954 559 "Route From Liverpool To

lA/itk >ketckei and

Fredrick

hundred years ago a book was One"being prepared for publication in England under the title Route

From Liverpool to Great Salt Lake

Valley. The work, which came from

the press in 1855, was illustrated with thirtysix steel engravings and nine wood cuts prepared from sketches made by Fredrick Piercy "... together with a geographical

and historical description of Utah, and a map of the overland routes to

of the—alsothat territoryan authenticfrom thehistoryMissouri river

Latterday Saints'emigration from

Europe from the commencement up to the close of 1855, with statistics."

The title page of the book lists

James Linforth as editor and Frank-! * fejtrijtoajssK g: linnowD.a Richardsrare collector'sas publisher.item and Itwasis

called to our attention by Brothers

A. William Lund, Assistant Historian,

New Orleans (top) and (left) St. Louis,

::.:'j ':'$.$.: ';: Missouri, as they appeared in 1853.

fe

Lucy Mack Smith, mother of Joseph Smith the Prophet, Hyrum Smith, from a portrait Patriarch John Smith, uncle the Prophet, painted from life. from a lithograph published in in the possession of his family. of the Prophet, from a daguerNew York. reotype.

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA obtain original sketches. The artist given the artist. Some of the other

could not pass within so short a sketches proved new to us. Whereas

Great Salt Lake Valley"placesdistanceof ofundyingNauvoointerest,and Carthage,and not dozenspioneersof whojournalsmadewerethekepttrekby earlyfrom visit them. Hence we have the views England to Salt Lake Valley, theserecounts vSu—and portraits taken there... and sketches by a young artist, then

on arriving in G.S.L. City, the Artist twentythree years of age, make up

is first the only probably and of Piercy wasYoungkindlywith hisfavoredportraitbyfor Presidentpublicawhatjournal a drawings such by made tion also. competent craftsman over the route.

by Doyle L. Green "On Mr. Piercy 's return to EngFor this reason a number of sketches

MANAGING EDITOR land the collection made had far are being reproduced in the August exceeded the original design, but it and September issues of the Era then seemed imperfect without the along with written descriptions by and Preston Nibley of the Church portraits of President Kimball and the artist of some of the places inHistorian's Office, who have also cothe Patriarch, Father John Smith, volved.

operated closely in the preparation both of which were obtained. After The first nine chapters in the book

of this material. the demise of Pres. W. Richards give the history of emigration up to

The fascinating story of how the and Father John Smith, portraits of 1855. The trip made by Mr. Piercy

book came to be is told in the preface: their successors, Jedediah M. Grant begins with chapter ten. Starting his

"The following work was originated and John Smith, were procured from account he writes, "On the 5th day in 1853, by a desire on the part of G. S. L. City. of February, 1853, in compliance with

many of the Latterday Saints to "Having obtained the sketches it previous arrangements, I embarked possess a collection of engravings of was determined to publish them with on the Jersey for New Orleans, on my the most notable places on the Route the artist's narrative of the journey, way to Great Salt Lake Valley. My

between Liverpool and Great Salt and entitle the Work, Route from object was to make sketches of the

Lake City. Liverpool to Great Salt Lake Valprincipal and most interesting places

"To gratify this desire, Mr. Piercy ley "on the Route, and Great Salt Lake

and Elder S. W. Richards, then the The entire book is most interesting, City, which were afterwards to be

publisher of the L.D. Saints'Works, but it was the illustrations which parpublished with suitable descriptions

in this country, entered into arrangeticularly attracted our attention. and statistics. On my return I was

ments for the publication of such a Several of them have been used over solicited to allow my narrative of the collection, and the former made a a period of many years in this publijournal to be published likewise. I

journey to G. S. L. City and back to cation without proper credit being {Continued on following pcgel)...,.

P

AUGUST 1954 Nauvoo from across the river. 561

tilNff. how little a really good thing is sometimes appreciated. The first objects

I saw, approaching the city, were the remains of what was once the temple, situated on the highest eminence of the city and which in the days of its prosperity must have been to it what the cap or stone is to a building. On the banks of the

river lie broken blocks of stone and shattered bricks and the visitor's first steps are over evidence of ruin and desolation.... (See cover and cover

note, page 548.)

"While in Nauvoo I lodged at the

Nauvoo Mansion, formerly the residence of Joseph Smith, and now occupied by his mother, his widow, and her family. I could not fail to reEntrance to Kanesville or Council Bluffs. gard the old lady with great interest.

Considering her age and afflictions,

Louis. up to St.... As I wandered she, at that time, retained her faculthe quaint, Liverpool to the Great through oldfashioned ties to degree. a remarkable She

Salt Lake Valley city, I saw many a familiar face that spoke very very freely about her sons,

I had seen on board the Jersey, at a and, with tears in her eyes, and every (Continued from preceding page) street restaurant, enjoying a moderate other symptom of earnestness, vindiconsented, although conscious of its meal obtained for five cents.... Owcated their reputations for virtue and

want of completeness...."ing to the promptness of Elder Brown, truth. During my two visits I was

In the British Mission historical the John Simonds steamboat was soon able to take her portrait..."

records for 1853, we read that the engaged for the passengers. The pasAbout Carthage, the artist penned

company of LDS emigrants which sage for adults was two and a quarter the following, "I felt very anxious sailed on the Jersey "consisted of 313 dollars."to visit Carthage, and though, like

souls, namely 225 adults, 74 children Concerning Nauvoo, Mr. Piercy Nauvoo, somewhat aside from the

between the ages of one and fourteen, recorded, "The distance from Keokuk route, 1 considered that sketches of and 14 infants."In the list of emto Nauvoo is twelve miles. The city its jail would possess undying interigrants is the name of Fred Piercy, is first seen from the top of the hill est for tens of thousands, and conage, twentythree, occupation, artist. about two miles from Montrose. cluded not to return without obtainWe have been able to find out little From this point the beauty of its situing them....

about Mr. Piercy except that he made ation is fully realized and one can- "By accident I put up at the tavern

this trip to Salt Lake, returned to not wonder that Joseph Smith, as to which the mutilated bodies of

England, and had his sketches and John Taylor says in his admirable Joseph and Hyrum were taken from accounts published by the Church song of the 'Seer,''loved Nauvoo.'It the jail. The landlord showed me

in this book. On one of the pages in is the finest possible site for a city, the room where they were laid out.

front of a copy of the book is written and its present neglected state shows (Continued on page 603) in longhand, "Presented to the

Church Historian's Office by Frede.

Piercy and James Linforth. Liverpool.

May 17, 1856."HBKr

All of the sketches by Mr. Piercy

are not included in this series, but rather the ones which seemed to have the most appeal for our present Latter-day Saints.

About the city of New Orleans, which is the first of Artist Piercy 's sketches to appear here, the artist wrote over one hundred years ago:

"We had now entered the Great Republic of the United States of

North America, and had ascended from ninety to one hundred miles into the interior of the State of

Louisiana.... Here the emigrants

were met by Elder James Brown, the agent appointed by the Church Authorities to receive and forward them Elk Horn River Ferry.

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Carthage jail,"in Carthage, Illinois, about nine miles from Nauvoo.

"Well against which Joseph Smith was placed and shot at after his assassination."

"Room [in Carthage Jail] in which

Joseph and Hyrum Smith were imprisoned."

Of his visit Artist Piercy wrote: "The keeper

was away and I was shown over it by a young girl. The holes made in the wall

by the bullets still remained unstopped.

The bullet hole in the door is that made by the ball which caused the death of

Hyrum....

"Having seen the place and made my sketches I was glad to leave. Two lives

unatoned for and 'blood crying from the ground,'made the spot hateful."

They came to the last crossing o the Platte River, A threatening wind was blowing from the north. After a late dinner

they crossed to the opposite shore....

ANDCARTS WESTWARD

by Helen Kimball Orgill

Part 6

handcart company struggled on with and whistling, it tore tent and handSYNOPSIS the wheels churning through the soft cart covers from their fastenings and

Pamela Brownlee, a member of snow. whipped them away.

the Willie handcart company, is on As the passage widened, the sun What troubled Pamela most these her to join City Salt Lake way to fiance, is found its way down, shining through days was meeting the eyes of the chilher Weiler. David There

an early fall and an early, heavy the trees and bushes. Then they dren. She thought they were silently

winter. handcart The company of came to the last crossing of the accusing her, perhaps thinking of the

120 carts and soon enfive wagons counter difficulties because of inadePlatte River. Here they stopped to lessons on faith in God which she

quate equipment. Foodstuffs become rest. The river was wide and the had so glibly given them in Sunday

scarce are rationed. and With each current strong. A threatening wind School. Jerry's laughing dark eyes mile, westward travel becomes more

difficult in the rigorous weather. was blowing from the north. After had become hard and fierce, while

a late dinner they crossed to the opJeanie's were wells of blue beneath posite shore. Here a blizzard broke bangs which had grown and nearly

Strange mountains, endless miles loose in all its fury, the same storm covered her forehead. She wore an

from our goal,"Phineas Saunders which was at the time beating down expression of constant disbelief at the spoke dejectedly. They were all upon members of the Martin comdaily happenings of the trip.

dejected, still within each breast some pany who had reached the crossing One night Pamela walked a little hope was burning as the Willie of the Sweetwater River. Whining way apart from the camp. The other

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA members were huddled down like at once, so that we may know what home. His face was blanched as he

lost birds unable to fly. Icy flakes to depend on."spoke. "If anything happens to

soon covered her face and body, but Conference was then adjourned unPamela—well, mercy is dead as far

she seemed not to mind them. til ten o'clock next morning in order as I am concerned."

"You can't, you just can't!"she cried to give all a chance to get things "David, Son, don't talk that way.

out, defying the cruel, untamed ready. The people rushed home to Save your strength and pray and

force of nature in its most ferocious take stock of what they might send. strive to reach them in time. That

mood. Then with tears freezing into Serena Ware put a steadying arm is all that counts right now."

icicles as they fell from her cheeks, around her friend, for Minerva's footMen from outlying districts had she prayed. "Dear God, you are so steps were beginning to falter and made plans to stay only for conferreal, so near, I almost feel your arms she turned pale as they made their ence, but they immediately decided

about me. Don't let our faith in way home. to go with the relief party. Noted

you be in vain. In mercy send relief. "We must get word to David. scouts and returned missionaries—all

We don't know how, but send it, Pamela's out there in the snow!"types of personalities made up the

dear, dear Father in heaven."She "Now, my dear, I'll have Elliot go group.

glanced toward the silent camp, out to the island immediately for "President Young has requested where a few weak fires were trying David."that we all come into his office for

bravely to burn, and prayed again: They found Elliot at home preinstructions and a blessing before

"Give us the courage to endure."paring to leave with the others in starting,"Elliot announced.

the morning. "President Young has "Fine,"his mother answered. "We

Cerena Ware and her daughterin- alreadyIsland,"senthe said.word "Ioutwantto Antelopeto drive whowho areare leftgoingbehindon asthiswellerrandas youof

law, Daphne, were making their our team and wagon, Mother."mercy will have more confidence in

City, Salt in Street Lake Main upway task."of success your the Son,"Serena would, "I you thought of conferenceto the October attend of the young All seven twentymen off delving bonnet and was her had they appointmentthe Church. By in time at appointed the appeared in large of the trunk into the depths of corner at the Weiler Minervamet several office, President's where the of the corner bedroom. the only Main. Not and SouthSecond gathAuthorities the of General had going meantime, In were the men spirit of the also ecstasygladness but one's laid each ered. were on Hands all in everything getting directions, Saints. the Dreamsreigned among blessing a given was head, he and in readiness, were while the women realized. being had Theywere fairly quake. that him made socks, mittens, knitting and darning their of and the God,reached Zion first on they night out camped The clothing. patching warm first this confor the be would many was Grant D. Mountain. George Big

petti- "I've knitted brought wool my the to Despite attended.ference be of the elected captain formed newly

coat,"old Bayes, said comGrandma the season, present of the cropsbad Kimball H. William with company, ing of the the through door Ware south tosettlements north the and assistants. as Burton T. Robert and to several gathered where had home In condition. thriving bugin awere chapchosen Cyrus H. was Wheelock work. theygies, horseback wagons, on and F. guide. Decker, Charles lain and

came, each one eager to be fed the "You mustn't do that, Grandma, Snow was falling continuously and bread of life from "living waters,"You'll get cold,"several spoke up. the trail became obliterated and next

from servants of God and a true "Not as cold as they are out in the to impassable before darkness set in.

prophet of Israel. To add to the pleaswilderness,"she answered decisively. Next day the intrepid men faced the

ant anticipation, it had been rumored "Bless your heart, Sister Bayes,"storm and pressed steadily on.

that Elder Franklin D. Richards said Susan Delaney. "If you can At Fort Bridger the captain inwould be in attendance with his comsacrifice that, I can get along without quired, "You wouldn't have seen a

panions from the mission field. After my winter coat. I'll do nicely with my handcart company hereabouts?"

the second hymn, the revered and bespring one."And this was just a "Never seen hide nor hair of them,"

loved Brigham Young, God's mouthbeginning. All through the day, peocame the laconic answer. It had

piece in these latter days, arose to ple sent something they especially been a foregone conclusion by the speak. With solemnity of countenance needed themselves. Authorities that the pioneers would

and in serious tones he began, "There Toward evening David arrivedare a number of our people who are out on the plains—four companies

who have started to come to Zion and who need help. Most of them

are with handcarts. We want twenty

teams by tomorrow morning to go to their relief. It will be necessary for

two experienced men to accompany each wagon. I will send three outfits and have them loaded with provisions and clothing and my counselor

Heber C. Kimball will do the same.

If there are any brethren present who have suitable teams for such an under-—Photograph courtesy The Instructor

taking, will they please make it known A handcart company facing a blizzard, from a sketch by George M. Ottinger.

AUGUST 1954 S65 Detail of typical Egyptian carved writing and figure from the great temple of 1 Karnak. (Above) Looking across the Nile River from Luxor towards the Valley of the

I Kings, the burying grounds of Egyptian nobility for centuries.

In th Steps of G/4braham

by Stanley Kimball

Concluded from the June Issue

Photos by the author.

little for that the of interest wrote while book he the and the road has runs to the sheba HebronFrom

It visitor. semiis situated in the near Palestine, found of Thebes on in Egypt terminal was southern

Beersheba. "From Dan even to desert area of the Negeb. I saw some the Nile River.

Beersheba"appears frequently in the deep and wide wells that are "perWe understand that Abraham enOld Testament indicating the whole haps the very ones dug by the Patritered Egypt during the Middle Kingland of Palestine. (Actually from arch Abraham."55 As we have aldom. (c.1989-c.1776 B.C.) The

Dan to Beersheba is only 150 miles.) ready noted in the Near East, sites Pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom

Anciently Beersheba was on the connected with water seem to be ruled chiefly from capitals in Memtrade route between Egypt and the quite reliable. phis and the Fayum district. As

rest of the Near East and therefore Just where Abraham went in far as we know there is no mention occupied a very strategic and imEgypt is not clear. All we are told is of Abraham in Egypt—during the

portant place in history. Today Beerthat he visited the court of Pharaoh56 time he most likely visited this counThe three great pyramids of Giza, near Cairo. The pyramid on the right is the Pyramid of Khufu. The stream of water is an

irrigation canal.

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA try. The earliest record of the name

"Abraham"in Egyptian records does not occur until the tenth century

B.C.

My visit to Egypt began at Cairo.

Then. I went to Memphis, and next

to the Thebes.

The famous, but now destroyed,

Shepheard's was my hotel in Cairo.

Of most interest to me in this colorful city were the bazaars, mosques, and the great Egyptian museum.

Here are housed the royal treasures of

King Tutankhamen. I was able to see

examples of most of the things depicted in the several plates in the book of Abraham. The subject is

treated in extenso in James R. Clark's

Before Ye Go into Egypt and R. C.

Webb's Joseph Smith as a Translator. Needless to say a very fascinatOne of the great mosques seen through a grilled window.

ing afternoon can be invested in a library comparing the similarities between the plates in the Book of

Abraham with a standard reference on Egyptian archeology.

One afternoon I went out to Old

Cairo to see the Coptic Church of El

Moallaka. The Reverend Shenouda

Hanna showed me around and told me the history of the church. Copts

are Egyptian Christians (very similar to other eastern Catholic faiths).

They claim that their branch of

Christianity was founded by the

Apostle Mark himself who settled in Alexandria in 62 A.D. They also

claim to be the direct descendants of the ancient Pharaonic race and that their language is similar to the

Author and guide near Sphinx and Great Pyramid.

Egyptian language spoken thousands Step Pyramid of Zoser, the oldest of years ago. pyramid yet discovered.

Nearby is the Abu Sarga Church. Of great interest to me also was

This is probably the most frequented the Valley of the Kings located across church in Old Cairo because of the the Nile River on the west. The

tradition that the holy family rested valley of the Kings is so desolate that here during their stay in Egypt. nothing grows nor lives in the area

Underneath the altar there is a save a few insects and scorpions.

crypt purported to be the very one This valley is hot and dry, and the in which the family rested. hills are practically solid rock. It

Of greatest interest to me were was specifically for these reasons that the nearby pyramids. I had dreamed the Egyptians of the eighteenth and

since I was a child of eventually visittwentieth dynasties (1580 B.C.-

ing these tombs, and now my visit 1085 B.C.) made their tombs there.

was a reality. More than sixty tombs have been

One day I hired a guide and set excavated in this one valley. The

out for Memphis (Saqqara) which most important one, so the world may have been the capital of Egypt thinks, is that of King Tutankhamen.

Columns of Karnak, one of the great at the time Abraham visited there. However, the really great find to

manmade temples of world history. Of greatest interest to me was the (Concluded on page 605)

AUGUST 1954 567 You Can Do the Impossible—Photograph by Keystone View Co by Rose A. Openshaw

ears ago, before gas became my truly, mountains can be removed."Formidable tasks, once viewed with

willing servant, an immense pile And on that glorious principle I have utmost trepidation, I now attack with of wood reposing in a particular since built my life. And so great eagerness and anticipation, glorying

location in my back yard, proved most was its effect upon me, I have since in the joy of overcoming and achievannoying. almost felt my birth should be dated ing; for what was originally termed

Realizing it was up to me if it was from that period. toil, taken in this easygoing way,

moved, but being regularly employed Instead of being dismayed and (for one scarcely realizes anything at the time, and with mornings and abandoning the project altogether at is being done at all) soon magically evenings overflowing with home tasks, the abundance of objects in an oiltransforms itself into pleasurable

I saw no way it could possibly be acpainting undertaken in my amateur recreation, injecting as it does such complished. years, mindful of this experience, I quantities of hope's finest exhilaraBut a day came when a great said, "If I do a little each day, I can tion.

change was to be wrought in my not help finally getting through."Commencing a task or skill is the

life—the day I first determined to And pressing on, the first thing I allimportant thing. When that is

take advantage of the simple, but knew, I had finished! done, the battle is practically won:

profound truth, that if but two sticks This same method I take advantage for no matter how tremendous or were removed daily, the task must of in attacking the army of weeds intricate it loomed, though but one eventually conclude itself. that press through soil, to the dismay line or inch is added daily, it must

And that day, as two of the heavy of gardeners. Armed with suitable and will in time reach an end. And

sticks were deposited in their new weapons, and a system that divides since power and ability come with surroundings, a little thrill coursed the battlefield, destroying resistance practice, completion can be depended through my veins. It was to me as in one quarter before attacking anupon to beat—by far—anticipation.

if the task were already completed, other, I find the enemy gradually And what a purpose and richness so certain was I, since it was at last weakens, leaving me victorious. With this sense of achieving gives to life.

begun, it must, sooner.or later, draw pride I then dispose of the "dead."If one waits until tomorrow to start,

to a conclusion. Many are the tasks, studies, and he will probably still be waiting for

It was not long until I found myskills, I realize I would never have it when life ends. The time to make

self doubling and then trebling the undertaken but for the promise this up one's mind, and to begin, is this number removed and with the same challenging principle holds before very day—this hour—right now!

ease that the two were at first deme. Ten or twenty minutes daily, I Then the hopes and desires so long

posited. In an incredibly short time find, no matter how rigid the regime, cherished will stand before you like a

the whole thing was completed. can always be squeezed in between great century plant that has burst

Exultantly I cried, "Why, we can duties, or before or after arising or suddenly overnight into sparkling, endo anything! Taking it little by little, retiring. chanting bloom.

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ttie KALHDOKOP* hvt \y\/ /cAjyqw

to a little time dream of the excitement and thrill of his previous occupation He took

Mississippi. the steamboat a onHaving planted his small reserve of piloting

of corn, Paul Blake leaned on his hoe, contemplating the pink froth of bloom that was his Willard She passed him the mug and beBut tending Baby Marie is about peach orchard. The twenty years gan untying the small muslin bag in like having a baby of our own."

since he came from Salt Lake City in her calm, businesslike way. "Mama Rhoda's forehead wrinkled thought1853 had seen much progress, he realso said,"she continued, rising fully. "You'd think it couldn't be,

flected. He turned at a sound from eagerness shining in her dark eyes, when her hair is brown and she is a

the direction of the new stone house. "Mama also said that if you didn't baby, but when she cuddles up

Rhoda, his youngest child, was trymind planting the rest of the corn against me, she makes me think of a ing to hurry across the garden withalone, I could tend Emmy's baby dear little lamb!"

out spilling a drop from the thick awhile."Recalling the baby's tight, damp

mug she carried. "Sister Sawyer's baby,"Paul corcurls, Paul understood. "But reNeither running nor spilling, she rected. member, Rhoda,"he said slowly,

walked rapidly. Even so, Paul "Sister Sawyer's baby. But every- "that you shouldn't get to loving

thought, she possessed at eight years one calls her Emmy except me!"someone else's baby like your own

something of the inherent dignity of "I try to have Annie and the boys little sister. Something might hapher mother. Her white forehead insay Sister Sawyer, Rhoda. You've pen so you couldn't see her. Peo-'

tensified the smooth line of her black helped a lot today. I don't mind ple sometimes move away or....

hair. Lydia must have been just planting the rest alone.""You mean I shouldn't tend her

such a child, erectshouldered, quick Paul began transferring corn to his today?"The effort to keep her lips

of movement. Of course, at closer right pocket. Then noticing Rhoda's from quivering flattened and stifled

range Rhoda's brown eyes, which look of happiness almost too great her voice.

were like his own, interfered with to bear, he added, "I'm afraid you "No,"said Paul. "Just be a big

the illusion somewhat. care more for Sister Sawyer's baby girl and think about what I've said."

"Mama said she thought you'd like than for your own sister Henrietta's Suddenly she grasped his arm and some cool buttermilk,"said Rhoda little Robert."looked up earnestly almost pleadcrisply. "Here's the corn. I'll untie "Oh, I like little Robert, only I ingly. "Father, I'd never want to

the knot while you drink."hardly ever get to Ogden to see him. (Continued on page 588)

AUGUST 1954 569 Highlights of MIA JUNE—Photographs courtesy Deseret News

Leadership Builds MIA and MIA Builds Leadership"was the theme which ran through the 55th AnElbert R. Curtis, (center), General Superintendent, Y M M I A; nual Conference of the Young Men's

with his two assistants, A. Walter Stevenson (left), and David S. and Young Women's Mutual ImKing. provement Associations held in Salt

Lake City, June 11, 12, and 13.

In addition to camp and sports institutes held as preconference events,:PP6fe:'three general sessions; fortyfour departmental sessions; twentyone separate breakfasts, luncheons, and dinners; music, drama, and dance festivals; a speech conference and other

special meetings were held. The

conference highlighted the observance V of the 40th anniversary of the organization of the Bee Hive department and introduced a new MIA time Bertha S. Reeder (center), General President, YWMIA; with schedule and a new theme for 1954her two counselors, Emily H. Bennett (left), and LaRue C. Long55:

den.

Seek not for riches but for wisdom, and behold, the mysteries of God shall be unfolded unto you, and then shall you be made rich. Behold, he that hath eternal

life is rich. (D. & C. 6:7.)

Another special feature of the conference was the honoring of Elder

George Q. Morris of the Council of

the Twelve. In a Friday morning

general session a tribute was paid him by Elder Richard L. Evans of the

Council of the Twelve and a gold plaque was presented to him. The

inscription on the plaque read:

"In grateful appreciation to Elder

George Q. Morris, Apostle of the

Lord, friend of youth, kindly counselor and adviser, gentle, devoted, understanding, undeviating from the truth, unwavering in the work of the

Master, untiring in serving humanity, beloved of all who know him."

More than ten thousand young people participated in various events during the conference. Nearly 9000

took part in the dance festival, which was held on two nights, and 1706 participated in the music festival, two performances of which were given

Saturday evening. An unusual feature of the music festival was the

June Conference crowds on Temple

Square.

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE 1954

CONFERENCE

and Salt Lake Telegram and Salt Lake Tribune.

addition this year of a 112piece symphony orchestra. The average

age of the orchestra members was reported to be sixteen years.

Figures show that 9718 individuals registered in the departments for the conference, including 3014 stake officers and 6513 ward officers.

Although the figures are impressive the effectiveness of the MIA program must be measured in terms of the effectiveness of the program in the lives of the young people of the Church. All through the confc -<**"** iiP"***

ference, speakers in general sessions YOUNG MEN'S MIA GENERAL BOARD to right, Left Sheffield, 1st row: Stanfield, Kenneth H. Rulon B. H. Pettigrew, Alma and departments stressed this thought

Stohl, Clark N. Doyle L. Green, Richards. G. row: E. 2nd LaMont Theodore and encouraged leaders to give deWilliam B. Smart, Elvis B. Terry, Armand F. Carr, Stanley Russon. 3rd row: LeonDemars,L.

voted service in all activities in order Imlay, Forace Green, Richard L. Gunn, Roy W. Doxey, Joy F. Dunyon. 4th row: Jay

Clarke, Harry J. Ashton, to instil faith and build testimonies RichardW. DeGraff,S. Tanner.Wendell5thE. row:Adams,KnightW. B.FloydKerr,Millet,Irving MarvinP. Beesley, Garff, Royal L. Ted

in the youth of the Church, Bushman, Keith M. Engar, Fred A. Schwendiman. Members not present for picture:

Harrald S. Alvord, E. Allen Bateman, George I. Cannon, Harold Glen Clark, Roy M.

Darley, Crawford M. Gates, Lynn Hales, Ralph W. Hardy, L. Clair Likes, Frank W.

McGhie, Albert Mitchell, Gordon Owen, D. L. Roberts, Wallace Toronto, Adolphus P.

(Continued on following page) Warnick, John U. Webber, Francis L. Urry, Lester F. Hewlett, Jr.

YOUNG WOMEN'S MIA GENERAL BOARD

Left to right, 1st row: Joyce Roberts, Iva Lou Peterson, Helen D. Lingwall,

Hortense H. Child, Nonie N. Sorensen, Hazel A. Snow. 2nd row: Shelah W. Wilford,

Gladys E. Harbertson, Caroline E. Miner, Dolores G. Merrill, Merle P. Poulson,

Clela B. Jorgensen. 3rd row: Florence B. Pinnock, Pearl Bridge, Helena W. Larson,

Ruth H. Funk, Lorraine Bowman. 4th row: Alice C. Christensen, Ethel B. Callis,

Norma P. Anderson, Irene H. Ricks, Kathryn Fairbanks, Margaret R. Jackson. 5th

row: Gladys D. Wight, Carol H. Cannon, Edith F. Shepherd, Violet H. Grix, Jeannette

H. Demars, Sara D. Yates. 6th row: Marie Stuart, Margrit F. Lohner, Grace C. Milner,

Six thousand seven hundred MIA workers Moana B. Bennett. Members not present for picture: Winnifred Bowers, Virginia F.

were greeted by the general boards at the Friday Cutler, Marba C. Josephson, Rita J. Nash, Edna K. Pay, Erma R. Stevens, Joie E.

morning reception on the Temple grounds. McKean, Iris Parker, Jane Thompson.

AUGUST 1954 571 HIGHLIGHTS OF THE 1954 MIA JUNE CONFERENCE

(Continued from preceding page)

(I) Finale of stage acts of the dance festival. (2) Hayrack (4) President Joseph Fielding Smith addressing the Golden

drama demonstrated in the Drama department. (3) Junior Gleaners at their annual program and banquet Friday afternoon.

Gleaner Girls give demonstration in departmental session. (5) Dancers gather in the field to begin festival.

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (I) Jessie Evans Smith, wife of President

Joseph Fielding Smith, receives honorary

Golden Gleaner award. (2) MIA stake

superintendents and presidents join with general boards in annual luncheon. (3) A

youth chorus of 1600 and 112piece symphony orchestra participated in music festival. (4) Nearly nine thousand participated in dance festival which was viewed

by 49,500.

(See also following page)

AUGUST 1954 573 uf$B\H TOR WISDOM,km ill

fpiiw'

JUS*

U:;#*s!

A chorus of 400 Bee Hive Girls and 40 Bee Hive Girls representing candles on a cake, participate in general session.

PreConference events included a camp and sports institute held in Mill Creek Canyon. Everpopular is the noon barbeque held

by the Scout and Explorer departments.

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Left to right, LeRoy A. Palmer, 2nd counselor in the Snowflake Stake presidency; President Jesse M. Smith of the Snowflake

Stake; Lorin D. Porter, YMMIA stake superintendent; Annis J. Flake, YWMIA stake president; and H. A. Hendrickson, 1st counselor in the stake presidency.

consists of an office, restrooms, private living for the caretaker, quarters and Snowflake -Mesa Girls'Home a large porch. cabins with Two

modern facilities are now being comby H. A. Hendrickson pleted that will house sixteen girls

SNOWFLAKE STAKE PRESIDENCY each. Provision has been made to

build thirteen more.

*t the regional welfare meeting derosa pine with log siding, and In front of the lodge is a large l\ held in August 1952 in Arizona, rustic cedar shakes. The interior concircular area for games of all types.

** President Donald Ellsworth of sists of a large recreation and allThis circle has a diameter of 350 feet.

Mesa Stake and President Jesse M. purpose room fiftyfive by thirty feet, Plans have also been made for a swimSmith of Snowflake Stake conferred with a beautiful flagstone fireplace ming pool and infirmary, which will

on the possibility of erecting a buildlarge enough to hold fivefoot logs. be added later. The sewage and

ing for the girls of their stakes, so The inside finish is of knotty pine, water system is now completed.

that they might introduce a really and the lighting fixtures are of rustic The cost of the project to date has been $20,000. Many hours of donatedoutstanding summer program—with copper design adorned with western

a camping experience available for spurs. The kitchen is commodious, labor have been furnished by the

every girl in the MIA. The plans with gas stoves, refrigerators, hot wards of Snowflake Stake, and recenthad been considered for two or three water heater, stainless steel working ly a crew of thirty men from Mesa

years prior to this, but their execuarea, and adequate storage and servStake spent three days putting up a tion had been difficult to effect. ing facilities. The rest of the lodge (Concluded on page 592)

In August 1952, however, Presidents Ellsworth and Smith met with

L. D. Porter, stake superintendent,

who had brought suggestions as to sites for the home. After prayerful

consideration a location between

Showlow and Lakeside wards in the

White Mountains was chosen as a desirable place. A ninetynine-year

lease was arranged with the United

States Forest Service by Brother

Porter.

In November 1953 the stake presidencies authorized the beginning of the work on the grand lodge, and the construction moved forward rapidly. Joe Brimhall acted as foreman and completed the lodge. The '"'-.'':.''-.'-:'. '

building is constructed of native ponInterior view of one of fifteen cabins which will be built. Each cabin will house 16 girls.

AUGUST 1954 575 This picture oF a mothers'group on the front porch of the Girls, Home, situated seventeen miles from Provo, Utah, is typical of pictures taken at the Mothers'Chautauqua, held now for seventeen consecutive years.

Holiday for Mama

by Melba S. Payne

is held each a brief vacation at the girls'home.Here's your bus, Mama."A grayThis affair for mothers

haired professor helped his wife August in the girl's canyon home after "Let's have a mother's Chautauqua,"from the park bench and picked the girls of the different wards have she told her officers, who approved up her suitcase and small bedroll. had their outings. The same house her idea and the title. Together they

A group of us mothers had met at mother, the same cook, in fact, the decided to make it an annual affair.

Pioneer Park in Provo, Utah, to complete staff stay another week to Last summer between seventyfive board the bus which was to take us serve the mothers. and eighty mothers attended.

on a trip up to the girl's canyon home This rustic canyon home is spaWe'left Provo on a hot August in the beautiful north fork of Provo cious, yet homey. It is situated sevenafternoon and were soon transported

Canyon. As the big bus came to a teen miles from Provo and is snuggled into the cool canyon air. Another

stop, we moved slowly toward it, tellamong the beautiful Wasatch Mounbus had preceded us, so when we ing goodbyes and giving rehearsed tains. The scenery there is awearrived at the home, we met more

reminders. inspiring. The home was built in friends. "Hello, there,"and "I'm so

Some small fry were at the park, 1928, the result of the foresight and glad you could come,"were words too, tugging away at the bundles and planning of a hard working MIA we could hear all over the place.

trying to be of some help to Mama; stake presidency. How it was built We picked out our belongings and

for Mama was going on a holiday and furnished by loyal citizens is anlugged them through the main hall and would be gone nearly four whole other story; but inspiration and a proand upstairs to the big H-shaped beddays! found love for their fellow men were room. There were beds all along the

Finally we all climbed aboard and the qualities that spurred them on. walls. We picked out an unmade

were waved away. We were a bit In 1937 Elizabeth Souter, president one and got busy. After we had

excited and happy at the prospect of of the YWMIA of Utah Stake (which tidied our own little niche (there staying together and of being relieved then comprised Provo and Orem), were two of us to a bed) we went of household cares for a few magic conceived the idea of giving the downstairs to the washroom to freshen days. mothers of the stake a chance to have (Concluded on page 606)

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Qnly Cerio and

SureJell |>ectins

*FLAVOR- GUARD

jellies yourjams and

natural fruit flavor You get mors and sure results every time!

OQQOQOOOOOOOOOOODO Now be absolutely sure of luscious, freshfruit flavor.

SUREJELL CERTO OR Use Certo or SureJell. Only they can "FlavorGuard"

your choice—a Take

your jams and jellies—and here's why: uid or powdered naturalliqWith Certo or SureJell natural fruit pectins you fruit pectin product!

boil your fruit just one minute, saving precious natural fruit flavor.

The only pectins coded for freshness are Certo and

SureJell. You know they are fresh when you buy

them. This guarantees perfect results every time

when you follow the recipes exactly.

Get ready to make the best jams and jellies ever. Get

Certo or SureJell at your food store now!

HOMEMADE JAMS AND JELLIES Products of General Foods

TASTE BEST...COST LESS!

AUGUST 1954 577 1. HOT STARCH Your Question

(Concluded from page 559) Jesus had no father of the flesh, that is who was mortal and subject to death. Our Eternal Father to whom

we pray is the Father of the body of

Jesus Christ and from his Father he inherited life and death was always subject to him. He had the power

to lay down his life, because he was

Many women always use Others like the quickSome like the conventhe Son of Mary who was like us, liquid offreshly bottle of starch a ience starch cold made hot for andeasy

It's starch. easy mortal, and he had the power to take andevery starching need. just stir dry handy method. They They

know hot starch penetrates starch right from the box to use, especially for small up his life up again for that power best. Is hot starch the secret into cold water—and starch. amounts of starching. Is was in him. In his teachings to the

of successful starching? Is cold starch the secret? bottled starch the secret?

Jews and his disciples he frequently told them of this power and of his mission. On one occasion he said:

"For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he given to the Son Which starching method to have life in himself;

"And hath given him authority to

the Son of man [God]."(John holds secret of success? 5:2627.)execute judgment also, because he is

"Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that

I might take it again.

"No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power

to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment

have I received of my Father."(Ibid.,

10:1718.) I hope I have made this matter clear to all teachers of Primary children, for they must have the correct understanding of the doctrine of the resurrection, and how we became reShirts are starched best with hot starch, In a hurry? Have just a few minutes to deemed through the shedding of the

because it penetrates better... irons up get ready? You can wash, cold starch and blood of Jesus Christ.

to a smoother, more pliable finish. So hot iron dry in minutes with Faultless Starch.

Faultless Starch is the secret of successful So cold Faultless Starch is the secret of starching on regular washday. You can successful starching for quick freshening

perfect starch hot with Faultless jobs. Faultless containsmake a Starch And ironThese Times in cooking. barelyStarch without a minute ingaids to fast and easy. make ironing

(Continued from page 550) The recent British position with regard to Europe has been, from our point of view, somewhat "isolationist."At the

very hour the US has been actively involved in all western European affairs.

Britain refused active participation in the Schuman Plan and in EDC, although expressing interest and coopera- tion. The same Churchill, who in the

agonizing hours of June 1940 (with the

French Navy as the prize), offered political and military union to France, has participated actively in the Council of

For inbetween-washday starching, a The right answer, of course, is ali three Europe with its green "E"for a Eurobottled starch is very handy. But, you starching methods. Each has its own use pean flag, but has been more of a natodon't have buy expensive readymade and purpose. Faultless Starch And is the tionalist and less of an internationalistliquid starch. Faultless With gives Starch you only starch that three methyou all

can make your own Better Bottled Starch ods of starching from one box: Perfect than some might have expected. Nafor less than lc a quart... the secret of hot, instant cold, and Better Bottled tionalism runs deep in Europe. The

success for inbetween starching jobs. Starch all for less than a penny a quart! millennial dream, always a vital force

in America's conscious.and subcon-

FREE BOOKLET to help you do perfect starching and easy ironing with less work is scious thinking, may have run aground yours on request. Send your name and address to Faultless Starch Co., Kansas City 1, Mo. (Continued on page 580)

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

.. FOR THE >e4t Mteteetfn UNDER THE SUN

KSL IZadt*

AUGUST 1954 579 THESE TIMES

(Continued from page 578) The last phrase is the key phrase.

on the shoals of a nationalistic vitality The French government was obviously too subtle for our understanding. confronted with demands at that very

On June 28, 1954, Sir Winston and moment upon which the US and

Mr. Eisenhower issued a joint comBritain had failed to agree and comunique which contained a paragraph operate.

of oblique reference to the foregoing sitThe Atlantic has published a stateuation, especially as dramatized at the ment that Mr. Dulles was ready with

Geneva Conference of 1954. It said: a timetable, early in April, before his

for departure, to ask Congress are that if both convinced at Geneva

is to introops permission for American the French government conBe Modern Geneva"We

* Live frontedacceptablewithagreementdemands whichregardingpreventIndoan tervenetion of inwar),IndoChinaon April(if 26,not 1954;a declaraand,

China, the international situation will that April 28, 1954 was already set as

Electrically be seriously aggravated."(Continued on page 582)

emembrance Electricity does so much, \ Richard L. Evans

costs so little. "Demembrance is a mark of a thoughtful, grateful man

but sometimes it is acute and cutting, as suggested in this sentence from Shakespeare: "How sharp the point of

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. this remembrance is!"1 Remembrance has a sharp point for

many of us—especially the remembrance of those who have

given their lives that we might better live; especially the

remembrance of those we have loved and lost. "How sharp

the point of this remembrance is!"Remembrance is especially sharp in hours of loneliness—because of faces that

are absent, because of chairs that are empty, because of places that can never quite be filled. But we could well

remember that remembrance need not be a futile thing, as

YOU CAN thethe present,cherishedwithmemoriesthe promiseof theof pastthe future—thesoften the sharpnesspromise andof

assurance that we may see again the faces of those we love,

YOUR and know them once again as surely as once we knew them.

Our days on earth pass quickly. A hundred years from now

—or fifty—and much less than that for most of us—we shall

all have gone where all men go, and the sharp point of remembrance is not so much a matter of wishing to bring them back as to have some assurance that where they are, there we may be also. It is no use saying that we may be

indifferent to death—to death, academically, perhaps—to

death at a distance—but we cannot be indifferent to death

that comes close to us, to us ourselves, or to those we love.

Death at a distance is one thing, but death at our very door is quite another, and death that takes from us someone we WITH love is something else besides. And it is this that so much

sharpens our remembrance and lets us know that heaven is much less than heaven could be, without those we love.

No, there can be no indifference to death—not when death

most. the point takes of such But mean when those who CLAY (fjHe sharp, too the acuteness can dull becomes remembrance we

See Hermosa Tile Advertisement on Front of it by the assurance that He who gave us life and gave us

Cover. Installed in this Territory by our loved ones here, can give us life with our loved ones

hereafter-—and will, with our willingness.

xShakcspeare, The Tempest, Act V, Scene 1. ELIAS MORRIS

ZJke Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE square & SONS CO.

250 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Phone 3-57 15 SYSTEM, MAY 30, 1954—Established for 94 Years—Copyright, 1954

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here's one place where today's dollar goes further

In the fondlyremembered time of the nickel trolley and California has improved gasoline spectacularly over the 25 T-bone, gasoline for dad's 1925 model cost the years. This better motor fuel made more efficient

about 18 a gallon (excluding taxes). Sounds like a barauto engines possible, and together they give you up

'20's. gain—yet it really cost more than today's gasoline. The to 50% better mileage than motorists got in the

reason is clear when you keep this fact in mind: You On top of that, competition between oil companies has

fill your car's tank with gasoline, but what you're actuhelped to hold down gasoline prices. Since 1925, they've

ally buying is mileage. Naturally, you'd rather pay $1 risen only 20% (excluding taxes) while food has gone

a gallon for gas that gave you 100 miles a gallon than up 70%, clothing 63%, and the cost of living 53%.

buy 10 gas that delivered only 5 miles to the gallon. Compared to practically anything else you buy, gasoAnd that's why today's gasoline costs less than motor oline is still a bargain. Any way you look at it, your

fuel of 1925... it gives you more miles to the dollar. Remoney goes further when it goes for today's finer gasosearch by companies such as Standard Oil Company of line that gives you more miles to the dollar.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

AUGUST 1954 581 THESE TIMES (Concluded from page 580) Europe? Will seeming British hesitaof western Europe? This may well be

the day for combined naval and air tion (or British wisdom?) at Geneva, the consequence. Some think that, alearlier States should have and the United with plus and a ready, ECA, EDC forces to beginoperations American by

its to there, shifted France debacle attention force from reaction such in takein to area. that ready were We of the American as American "hub"Germany Eisenhower, opinion—despite stick. not. British bigthe were The

as to force sort in Con- a policy of Europe. Geneva The American withre- the war, in the wasAs Korean US

in ChurchillEisenhower drawal, the the ference sense, physical and from Eually. its British For goodstrained by

a such marked well rope? have has meeting technology in What may new latter; felt the for evil?or have Some

it is there that unlikely air field shift. of the However and combined navalposi- superb the underestimatethat we of air withdrawal to complete this ever Is will be power with do decision?

of our strength industrial comtion and from influence in isoand Western Britain power with Germany, American are that being resources, andbined we is free, Britain lation, and as so in long America Europe, withdrawal, and in theforced to game"play "Munich as position, its in European in retreat forced France considered her from in Europe, Churchill,Asia, Mr. which States. of United ally the colonies, to friend as about arbiter and the emerge

bitterly. sofought

Do principles operate differently in

Asiatic policy, compared with European?

This may well become one of the great debates and afterthoughts of recent unnmt Joaetker history. y Two great questions now loom on the Richard L. Evans

horizon of European affairs as summer shadows of 1954 lengthen into autumn. rE have come again upon the month of June—-a month

is the first, most important, andThe of marriages, young in which a month many many W relations. of USBritishfuture The in their beginning life together. are people beginning And

great remarked Bismarck once Otto von together, there may be many things they need and want, fact in politithat fundamental the most and working and waiting and going without aren't alwayscal affairs was the circumstance that easy. Often they come from provident homes. Some have

lived in comparative luxury. And a girl who comes from

in with common Our religion, for the life uncomfortable could a provident make home is the of everything which God if marries immeshe were to expect him man she of oryoung system is a Author, law and der. He has instituted laws and diately to provide all that her parents have provided after

ordinances for the government and long years of working and waiting. Few people start with

benefit of the children of men, to "everything"at once. And those who do, miss much of the

see if they would obey them and genuine joy of working and planning together. Of course

themselves worthy prove of eterwe expect each generation to improve upon the past, and nal life of the celestial b i the law worlds. This Holy Priesthood that fortunately it may not be necessary to go all the way back

we talk about is a perfect system and begin where our parents began. But neither is it exof government. By obedience to pected that young people should equal at once the pattern

enter to these laws we expect neither parents. the set anyone by provident And parents—nor to and be exkingdom people should that idea the young encourage else—should Young. alted.—Brighamcelestial after long only others arrived to begin have able where be

effort. There is a special kind of happiness that can come

the people of the United States of with working and planning and pursuing common purposes

America and of the British Empire in an understanding companionship. It isn't always easy,

spoke and used the same language. but it brings people closer—and a love that is solid enough

Through the medium of this language, to begin on a sound basis, has in it the promise of growing of Gilbert and Sullivan, of Shakespeare, and maturing and becoming ever more meaningful over of law,of of the Milton, common said: sure be should way to This surely the years. One

papers, Federalist of the Charta,Magna of to multiply sure a family, one the foundations way weaken States, of the Constitution Unitedof the of the Gettysburg Address, of the King misunderstandings, is to live in a manner that is beyond

James'Version of the Holy Bible, runs our means. God grant that those who begin life together may

a thread of civilization and of culture be blessed with the wisdom of a sound sense of values which requires nurture and progressive that they may be blessed with the unsurpassed happiness and realization. It means Canada, Austraall-important purpose of having and rearing a family—and

lia, and the islands of the sea, as well may begin solidly, in a rich and understanding companionas Sussex, Kent, Kansas City, and Los ship, with a realistic awareness of a worthwhile ultimate

Angeles. There is a greater asset here objective—and not hazard the future by tying themselves

for human development, perhaps, than too tightly to too many unessentials.*

even Bismarck surmised. What is to

be done with this circumstance in these *Revised.

times?

The second major question, and perUke SnohenSpoken l/word1/1/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE haps the hinge of the first, is what is to PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Copyright, 1954beStates—forthe futurethe remainderposition ofof thethis Uniteddecade SYSTEM, JUNE 6, 1954

of the fifties let us say—in western

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It unlocks the unused power in your engine!

Conoco Super Gasoline with

The Greatest Gasoline Development in 31 Years

1. TCP will boost your car's power as much as 15%.

2. TCP will give you increased mileage (motorists tell us up to 3 more miles to the gallon!).

3. TCP will increase your sparkplug life up to 150%.

4. TCP is just like an engine tuneup (because it permits you to enjoy all the power

that was built into your car).

5. YOU should feel the difference in car performance after just two tankfuls.

6. MILLIONS of motorists have proved TCP in their cars (and they're staying with it!).

But don't take our word for itjust ask any motorist who has switched to

CONOCO

1954,Conoco Super""| TrademarkGasolineowned and patent applied for withby Shell Oil Company. TCP ContinentalContinental OilOil CompanyCon V

AUGUST 1954 583 Third—Project of athletic proMelchizedek Priesthood Quorum and gram:

Certainly the athletic program of

Group Projects the Melchizedek Priesthood should be included among the quorum projects. The softball program should

Benefits Derived'from Quorum brotherhood which the priesthood be sponsored, and all quorum memProjects provides requires that quorum members and even nonquorum members bers individually and as groups exert interested given opportunity to parPriesthood quotheir Melchizedek utmost and in meansWise rehabilitate, spiritually presidencies temporalun- thoroughly and rum power to ticipate.Fourth—Project of performing ordiderstand that activity, service, ly, their unfortunate brothers. Since nances:

sacrifice, and gifts of money to the "... the rehabilitation of quorum Likewise, as was advised in the Era

Church or to the quorum all conmembers and their families spiritually last month, the quorum presidencies tribute to an increased growth, is the primary responsibility of quoare to teach all of the members the greater loyalty, and more enthurums functioning as quorums,"the proper way to perform the priesthood siasm of the quorum members. The numerous nonfund-raising projects ordinances, such as blessing the sick

Master declared: "For where your play a vital role in fulfilling some of and performing baptisms and contreasure is, there will your heart the important purposes of priesthood firmations. This could be a worthy

be also,"(Matt. 6:21) and so effiin the Church. (Welfare Plan... project. The following instructions

cient quorum presidencies utilize this Handbook of Instructions, p. 20.) appear in the Melchizedek Priesthood

eternal truth by providing numerous There are numerous nonfund- Handbook, p. 86:

opportunities for priesthood holders raising projects which could supply to place some of their earthly an almost unlimited amount of activThe Church earnestly requests that the treasures and much of their united ity for quorum members, resulting issuance of small booklets setting forth giving about ordinances andefforts into priesthood work, centered in their personal development as well instructions be prayers shall comforms of suggested in quorum projects. Thus, unity in as in the strengthening of the quopletely discontinued. Priesthood leaders

the quorum, high quorum morale, inrums, if these projects were put into will, therefore, not sponsor nor encourage creased faithfulness and greater operation. The following eleven their preparation or circulation. Brethren

spirituality among the members, with projects are listed as suggestions to in the various quorums should be instructed presiquorum by their work in ordinancea deeper devotion to the gospel of bring to the minds of quorum presipresi- stake the direction dencies under of

Jesus Christ, are the results. Since dencies and members numerous other dencies.

quorum and group projects have a similar ones:

vitalizing and spiritualizing effect on First—Project of providing transFifth—Project of temple work:

quorum members, the General Auportation: Genealogical and temple projects

thorities of the Church urge the For example, the nonfund-raising are worthy undertakings for priestpresidencies to formulate and superprojects might include the providing hood quorums. Ofttimes some of the

vise the carrying forward of numerof transportation for members of the members, who are otherwise in good ous worthwhile projects designed quorum and their families, or for standing, have never had their wives specifically to provide activity for widows of former quorum members, and children sealed to them. The

quorum members, and in some into stake conferences, to quorum soquorum presidency would render an stances to supply quorum funds. cials, and to ward meetings if these invaluable service by having as a

individuals live a considerable disproject the goal of all quorum memMelchizedek Priesthood Quorum tance from the designated place of bers being sealed to their families.

NonFund-Raising Projects meeting.Second—Project of priesthood quoInrelativefact, atonumbergenealogicalof definiteand projectstemple

Melchizedek Priesthood quorums rum lessons: work could be carried forward to

have been established for the definite Making of the priesthood quorum good effect in the various quorums.

lesson of material helpingpurpose course every a homereading member atSixth—Project of servicemen's proconstitute of intain a condition could wellbeing a good quorum

body, mind, and spirit. Since every project. Also, providing the teacher gram:

need of a brother holding the Melwith maps, charts, and various teachSpecial attention to the servicechizedek Priesthood is the concern ing aids would be very worthwhile, men's program is a major project for of the quorum, the quorums help the the purpose being to make it possible every quorum. Emphasis should be

Church accomplish its divine mission for every quorum member to gain a laid not only on the letter writing of perfecting the Saints, carrying the more thorough and complete underand sending newspapers, the Era, gospel message to the world, and standing of the lesson material as it and magazines to quorum members providing for the salvation of the pertains to the gospel plan of salwho are away from home, but also dead. The spirit of lofty, unselfish vation. on sending the Church's gospel tracts.

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood Seventh—Project of measuring quoneeds are supplied. Priesthood quohe may call upon Aaronic Priesthood quorum progress: rums during the past have carried forrums to work; but primarily he works

Preparation of graphs to illustrate ward numerous projects to help rethroughall of themindividualhe haswardjurisdictionmembers, forfor overthis quorum statistics constitutes another habilitate quorum members and much purpose. He may likewise call upon ward

good project. Various types of staopportunity along this line will preor auxiliary organizations for appropriate

tistical materials are helpful in stimusent itself to priesthood quorums in help.

lating greater quorum and priesthood the future. Rehabilitation activities

activity. such as the following have been carAnother significant statement from

the handbook (p. 22) is hereby Eighth—Project of quorum history: ried forward by priesthood quorums

Writing of.a quorum history would in various places throughout the quoted:

constitute a very worthy and interChurch, as listed in the Welfare Plan Priesthood quorums and their members esting project. If every priesthood... Handbook of Instructions, pp. 20may and should assist the bishop in the

quorum in the Church would under21: production of materials for the use of the

take that project, an invaluable conbishops in carrying out their storehouse tribution toward the preserving of 1. Placing quorum members and memprogram. In meeting this responsibility

bers of their families in permanent jobs. the bishop has the right to call on all

the history of the Latterday Saints In some instances through trade school members of the ward, including high wouldNinth—Projectbe made. of publicity: ways,training,quorumsapprenticeships,have assistedandtheirin quorumother priests,and deacons.seventies,Noneelders,is exempt.priests, Heteachers,may

Obtain newspapers and other pubmembers to qualify themselves for better ask them to help him produce. They are

licity, for quorum activity should likejobs.2. Assisting quorum members and their notwhenbeyondit comesthe bishop'sto the carejurisdictionof the atpoor.all

wise be listed among the projects for families to get established in businesses of Priesthood quorums, so far as the welfare every quorum. Also, pictures of quotheir own, such as: work is concerned, are to help the bishop

rum projects and writeups of the a. Farming, fruit growing, chicken raisin this matter of production. They should

same should be sent to the general ing, and kindred pursuits. respond to that call for help just as they

tailoring, Barbering, a call to teach on a block respond to hair dressing, should priesthood committee for publication b.

trades. to the sick. other service or to administer and

in the "Church Section"of the c. Printing, sawmill operating, etc. The

Deseret News. field is limitless. Melchizedek Priesthood Fund-

3. Assisting quorum members Tenth—Project of rehabilitating less and their Raising Quorum Projects families to obtain homes, by: active quorum members:

a. them Making rests the quorum upon assisting The duty to In addition with the for loans them—inloans someor guaranteeingcases conpresidency the it and quorum upon for welfare is advisable program, funds. tributing

members to bring into activity every b. Doing the actual construction work all Melchizedek Priesthood quorums

quorum member who is at the present in building them homes. throughout the Church to carry fortime counted among the lessactive c. In some cases quorums have perward quorum projects designed specifically to provide quorum funds. ones. Various devices could be demittedfamilies quorumto live inmembershomes whichand theirthe

veloped and used effectively by quoquorum has acquired through purThese projects are to be supervised rumsEleventh—Projectto achieve this goal.of keeping the chasewhich orremainsotherwise,in thethe ownershipquorum. of bya healthy,the quorumflourishingpresidencies.MelchizedekIn fact,

commandments: Priesthood quorum will carry forward

It should be a definite project of Priesthood Quorums and Church successfully its fundraising project or every priesthood quorum to endeavor Welfare Projects projects. The following instructions

to have all Melchizedek Priesthood appear in the Melchizedek Priesthood holders keep all of God's commandThe First Presidency of the Church Handbook, p. 79:

ments. Quorum presidencies and have made it definitely clear that

quorum members are encouraged to priesthood members and priesthood In addition to assisting in the Bishop's

Storehouse priesthood Program, should quorums quorums cooperate the with establishing their in ingenuity use establish for projects the of purpose may in bishop welfare prothe Church projects carrying which forward and raising funds with to carry which on supporting this by in program this gram of will result in the achievment their rehabilitation carry to work and on great goal. all respects and by responding to the quorum administrative and ecclesiastical

call of the bishop to contribute towork such as maintaining missionaries in field. the projects will Such build help or projects. welfare on work to Projects Rehabilitate Quorum wards priesthood are these aside quorums. up But following pertinent statement The Members the Bishop's Storehouse from Program in of appears foreword the the Welhis through the bishop which welperforms

it. Although is definitely understood Instrucfare Plan.. Handbook of fare for functions the ProWelfare which

that by revelation it is the bishops'tions: gram was inaugurated.

duty to care for the poor in the In all cases priesthood quorum welfare

Church, the priesthood quorums must The care of the poor is by revelation made activities are to be correlated with the of bishop, the the every duty and member Bishop's Storehouse Program. of The point at the look members needy quorum

is of call the to subject the bishop ward by is contact the weekly ward welfare comuntil as their continuing problem assist to this in work. request may He mittee.

their temporal needs and spiritual Melchizedek Priesthood quorums to help; (Concluded on page 602)

AUGUST 1954 585 Presiding Senior Members Aaronic Priesthood Under 21

Work of Group Adviser 'Multiple Leadership Appointments Always a Threat to Efficiency

Is Blessed Calling "\TU rE are becoming increasingly man, for instance, has responsibilities alarmed over the fact that, in in the Aaronic Priesthood program '"The calling of a group adviser for many instances, our Aaronic Priesthood which require all of his available time senior members of the Aaronic levels,leaders, areon beingboth appointedthe stake toandonewardor hefor is Churchassigned work.other majorTherefore,responsibiliwhen is Priesthood that of inspirer, motivator,

positions more it in addition to will always their work ties, be at the expense confidant, friend. and he To succeed,

in the Aaronic Priesthood of the program. Aaronic Priesthood work. This needs must be a superior salesman,

teacher, diplomat, student of human Of course, we understand that, in is also true of his associates on the stake nature, counselor. very small wards and in branches, this committee.

secretary of the The ward be committee to necessary extent. may some But is stock His in trade the of gospel

the and advisers sufficient quorum have these instances are not the for cause Christ Jesus his clientele and are the responsibilities to require full their time our is alarm. This practice too much of sons visit God. each With makes, he

if for available perChurch work general in they larger our wards in and there in hang the may balance the their duties form as outlined. stakes. salvation exaltation and of men,

of practice no know which more We feel all that of stake members We children. and women, the group Upon

seriously impedes to our progress than for committees Aaronic Priesthood adviser the depend happiness may and overload our Aaronic leaders Priesthood under 21 left should free be from any of joy senior is the sent he members responsibilities. other with other major assignments. chairThe to encourage help, as and as well the Stake committees difficulties having

scores who may be blessed by their if along this line will do well to discuss ministrations through renewed activity AARONIC PRIESTHOOD this matter with the stake presidency in the Lord's kingdom. AWARD RECORDS CLIMBING in an effort to have a strong committee

Each contact he makes with senior HIGHER left free to promote the Aaronic Priestmembers should be preceded by careTo Total hood program without conflicting asful, deliberate, prayerful planning. July 1 for signments.

urge bishoprics to give this matWe 1953 1954 is assigned to Each all man worth him ter their serious consideration as well.

. Stake 10 Awards 5 time, persistence, the effort it takes and

is a This project which recomwe 344 Awards Ward 266 to his to loyalty win the and Church to be developed mend followed and Individual 17,306 15,183 Awards life. the true of to purposes callThe until the has problem solved been Seals 1,163 1,660 100%

of is ing a adviser group one. blessed a it exists. wherever

HUMBOLDT (NEVADA) STAKE FETES AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS These bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood and their parents from the wards and branches of the Humboldt (Nevada) Stake were recent guests in a social which really found its mark in the hearts of all who attended.

Some had to travel approximately 150 miles, each way, to attend the social.

The stake presidency presented

James Lane, a priest; Joseph Turner,

a teacher; and Le Roy Elliott, a deacon, with a gold watch each for leading the stake in Aaronic Priesthood

activities for 1953.

PALMYRA (UTAH) STAKE SUMMER OUTING ATTRACTED A LARGE

PERCENTAGE OF THE TOTAL AARONIC PRIESTHOOD ENROLMENT

586 THE IMPROVEMENT.-:".:":":::':.;:".:.::'::.:".-:'::ERA

Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page INDIVIDUAL AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AWARD EARNED EACH YEAR FROM DEACON TO ELDER

Gary Shawcroft John M. Coomans Elwin R. Merrett Ronald J. Mackley Cecil J. Briggs

\X7e proudly present the challenging records of these five young men, now elders, Ward Teaching who earned the individual Aaronic Priesthood award for each of the seven years from the time they were ordained deacons until they were recently ordained elders in the Melchizedk Priesthood. leaders Should Not Overlook

We pay special tribute to John M. Coomans, Waterloo Ward, Wells (Utah)

Stake, and to Gary Shawcroft, La Jara Ward, San Luis (Colorado) Stake, who Value of Encouragement maintained a one hundred percent attendance record at priesthood and sacrament meeting for the full seven years. Elwin R. Merrett, Afton South Ward, Star

Valley (Wyoming) Stake, maintained the same record of attendance for five of the,rpHE value of deserved commendation seven years. for work well done is sometimes

Ronald J. Mackley is a member of the Bonneville Ward, East Provo (Utah) overlooked by leaders in the ward

Stake, and Cecil J. Briggs is a member of the Nephi First Ward, Juab (Utah) teaching program. While we have a

Stake. right to expect conscientious performance, we have no reason to neglect

being courteous by failing to express themselves in having a complete set of

Activity Charts to their study courses for the seven years appreciation. There is an old proverb

they are in the Aaronic Priesthood quothat says, "Gratitude is the least of

Be Kept by Advisers rums. virtues, but ingratitude the worst of

Manuals are sold at cost for twentyvices."Giving honest praise costs

The Aaronic Priesthood activity charts five cents each, postpaid. nothing, but dissatisfaction may be the

at introduced of the beginning year the it. lack of price for the complete a contain 1954 manuals we pay The have received acclaim Churchwide Indilist of the requirements of the

inspires to word people leaders. gratified. A kindly our among We are with Priesthood vidual Aaronic Award higher endeavor. A gracious expression One suggestion—we feel that the quo- a full explanation thereof.

rum adviser should keep the chart upof thanks often transforms the attitude todate as directed by the secretary of of those who are on the verge of disthe committee. ward

Charts which are now in use sugPriests Ordained Elders teachercouragement.who is Thethe recipientconscientiousof periodicward

gest that the secretary the charts keep is approval his leaders from likely more Win May Awards current. is still secretary reThe held to steadfast remain in his devotion to

sponsible, but the adviser quorum is priest a elder duty. ordained Where an should perform transferring of the work

year, during the for qualify the he may individual activity roll Cultivating records the the of from habit encouraging Individual Aaronic Priesthood Award, to book the chart followimmediately associates our in a sincere and genuine record, his provided filled a priest, while ing the priesthood meeting each week. manner immeasurably increases the posthe averrequirements minimum when

aged for twelve months. Therefore, if sibilities of success in the ward teachhe is ordained before October 1, he caning program.

Priesthood Bearers Should not qualify for the award. If he is orLeaders on all levels should maniafter dained qualify October 1, he may fest their appreciation for the efforts of

if 1 his record to from the time January Have Study Courses those working under their supervision his of ordination the meets minimum

There is considerable lag in the sale requirements when averaged across the and direction. Beginning with stake

of study courses for deacons, teachers, twelve months of the calendar year. presidencies and filtering down through

and priests under 21. When a priest qualifies under the stake committees, bishoprics, division

It is recommended that all bearers of conditions set forth above, the award supervisors, and senior companions, the Aaronic Priesthood under 21 purwill be issued to him as a priest even each unit should be careful to express chase their respective quorum manual though he is an elder as of December appreciation for work well done without each year. Young men often pride 31. appearing to overdo it.

AUGUST 1954 587 KALEIDOSCOPE

(Continued from page 569) said that he doubted the cleanliness near tears. "Nobody knows that she

tend Marie if only we had a dear of enticing birds to nest under the means it but me!"

little baby!"wellroof, Lydia remarked that it was "I believe it's best to let Rhoda see

She began to cry in a thin, childall right, as no birds would accept for herself, Lydia,"said Paul.

ish treble of partially controlled nests made by people anyway. Rhoda "Taking part in lightminded nonweeping. Kneeling, Paul cradled her had been polite, but insistent, finally sense about separating a mother and

head against his shoulder. "Father's commenting, "Maybe some kind of her baby doesn't seem right to me,"

big girl mustn't cry,"he crooned. bird Mama doesn't know about will Lydia stated. Knowing she was re-

"You must be happy in the place lay eggs in my nests."membering the loss of her own two

God gave you in life. Someone must Oh, well, he reflected, going on to little ones increased Paul's annoybe the youngest in the family, just the house, her interest in nestmak- ance at Emmy. Trifling with Rhoda's

as someone must be the oldest. Now ing was flagging a little. desire for a baby was unkind!

go play with the baby."Washing up in the kitchen, Paul "They both need this lesson,"Paul

heard Lydia and fifteenyear-old Ansaid. "Emmy used something she

Daul watched Rhoda pass the well nie talking with a neighbor in the thought Rhoda didn't know to trifle and disappear around the new parlor. "Yes,"Lydia admitted, "Heber with the child's affections. Now, if

stone house. "Someone,"he had said, is young to be on a mission. But once you'll let me have the gold dollar,

"must be the youngest in the family, boys get married without going, as Lydia, I'll make use of something iust as someone must be the oldest."William did, it's harder to get off. Emmy doesn't know to trifle a bit

The words evoked the memory of That's how it went with Henrietta's with hers!"

Hiram, his eldest, whose earthly body husband, although his family always "Well, if you think it will help—"

had rested in Nauvoo since 1846 and wanted him to go."Lydia conceded.

of a second little grave beside the "Your youngest boy's a big help, "Annie shall go with you, Rhoda,"

Green River. Then William, their I notice,"said Sister Andrews, as continued Paul, "to show Emmy we

firstborn of this new land, had Paul entered the parlor. mean it. Tell her your mother and

thrived beneath their care. He had scarcely exchanged greet- I will be most happy to have the

William, Henrietta, Heber, Annie, ings and expressed agreement with baby and offer her the gold dollar."

in progress, the conversation and Joseph: when each had brought the ecstasy quiet possessed Rhoda."A

special rushed into the room, a flashRhoda problems of a special individuat Paul's smile heart cut when Her ality, but Rhoda's unfolding aroused ingeyed, panting example of a child she turned in the doorway to say, the most frequent apprehensions in both seen and heard. "Oh, thank you, Father."Then they

his cried. "Father! Father!"she mind. "Emleft him dreading their return.

sell little for said she would Well, Marie this wasn't planting corn! So, my

with a minimum of motion he pro- a gold dollar! Hurry, hurry, Father! Before long they were back. Rhoda's

ceeded up the row. Whacking a You'll let me get her, won't you?"dark eyes burned in the pallor of

pocket, dropping the hard kernels, Searching for a wise answer, Paul her tense little face. "Here's your

pushing the soil back with one firm drew the excited child to his knee. dollar, Mama,"she said stiffly. "Empat of the hoe, taking one step for- "Sister Sawyer was joking, Rhoda,"my wasn't telling the truth about

Tears the on shone baby."soothingly. he said "Mothers don't selling a slower was merelyward—this

lashes, she but was not her long their babies."method of stepping off land. And sell

while doing so he could dream of "She said to bring one gold dollar, actually crying.

exciting things he had done. Indeed, and she'd give me the baby today!""When Sister Sawyer finally underit was a dull occupation for one who persisted Rhoda. stood that you and Mama really

had piloted a steamboat on the "Land sakes, child!"exclaimed wanted the baby, and when she saw

Mississippi, yet from the first there Sister Andrews. "Emma is only foolit was a gold dollar, she bawled like

had been a healthy fascination in doing! Everybody knows there's no a baby,"stated Annie. "She said

ing it. How many years he had such thing as a gold dollar!"anybody should know she was just

planted small garden patches, now "That's what Emmy thinks,"said fooling because Rhoda sets such store alone and again with one talkative Paul. "Yes, there are gold dollars, by Marie. And she just blubbered!"

child or sometimes two, learning to and Lydia has one among her keep- "She was real serious when she pop the corn into the ground! sakes. But Sister Sawyer would never first said she'd sell her,"contended

The planting finished, Paul stopped give you her baby for it."Rhoda. "And little Marie tried to

it,at the well for a drink. He noticed "Oh, yes, she would, Father! You pat-a-cake. She can't quite do

the artificial bird's nests Rhoda had don't know how serious she was! She but she just tries!"The memory

molded painstakingly from mud and said money was scarcer than hen's brought her tears, and she buried grass in her little wooden bowl and teeth, and gold was better than silher face on Lydia's shoulder.

set under each corner of the wellver. So if Mama will give me her "There, there, Honey,"said Lydia.

roof to invite occupation. More gold dollar, I can go get little Marie.""You're no worse off than you were

before. You can still play with thewere drying on the wellcurb. "Well, before I'd be such a silly—

Paul had a worried smile for this said Annie, her gray eyes cool with baby."

reminder of how Rhoda set her heart lately gained mr jrity. "I don't want to now!"

on the impossible. When he had "Emmy means it!"insisted Rhoda, Lydia's worried glance met Paul's.

588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "The child will make herself sick,"she said. "She might be better off outside helping me,"Paul suggested. "We'll

need some fresh water for supper,

Rhoda. Let's go after it."

Lydia wiped Rhoda's eyes, and Paul led the child away.

"I was sure Emmy meant it,"said

Rhoda. "People can look like they do,"

Paul replied. "You mustn't be so

upset. She was just having a little

joke.""It wasn't a, thing to joke about."

Rhoda's lips quivered.

"We must learn that there isn't anything that some people won't joke about. We mustn't get upset

over their fooling."

"Emmy got very upset when you and Mama really wanted Marie."

"She thought we were too old and They wanted the finest instrument...

had too many children to want another baby,"Paul said, smiling faintiy. SO THEY PICKED

"You do, don't you, Father?"

Rhoda insisted. Paul sobered. "If one of my chil- A WICKS ORGAN

dren needed to bring a baby home to live, you would see how much I'd At Trinity Lutheran Churchy Billings, Montana, a Wicks Pipe Organ love it,"he said. "Let's get the complements the grandeur of an imposing new church building.

Sisterwater. has gone, Andrews and

Trinity's congregation devoted years of planning and selfless

I hear clattering and Annie Mama the kettles. We'll soon have supper."effort to the beautiful new church. Everything in it was calculated

"I don't think I want any,"said to establish a mood of spiritual uplift. Contributing full measure

Rhoda, but she followed him. to this mood is the magnificent Wicks Organ—designed,

toneregulated and voiced to suit Trinity's exacting needs.

A fter supper Paul sat outside reading, while Lydia's knitting needles We at Wicks would be happy to do the same for you. There's a

clicked steadily. Rhoda was sitting Wicks Organ that's exactly right for your church and your budget.

alone in the lengthening shadow of the well. Sometimes she snapped one

of her mud birds'nests in two ab- Q/lje- &fouto s/-.\-'4Ujhigh LAND, ILLINOIS

sently.

The soft crunch of a buggy's wheels j turning in at the gate took their attention, and the next instant Henrietta appeared, driving competently, although little Robert sat on her lap. Paul tied the horses, while

Lydia reached for the baby, whose Ever think what would happen if ') twinkling blue eyes smiled as he came to her willingly. fire were to lay waste your home "He's a featherweight, Etta, but

such a sweet disposition!"exclaimed See the friendly Agent of the

Lydia. FIRE CO. UTAH INSURANCE HOME sure he's "I'm healthy, Mother,"in your locality. be glad your to help you check He willsaid Henrietta anxiously, tucking back

policies. a tendril of her brown hair. "John's Or see...coming,"she added, laughter lighting her clear gray eyes. "He's havHEBER J. GRANT & CO.

one of his interesting struggles with General Agents your gate, Father."20 South Main—Salt Lake City

(Continued on following page) AUGUST 1954 589.

KALEIDOSCOPE

(Continued from preceding page) "Never mind the work, Henrietta,""He always could get it open,"said Paul. "We'll enjoy having you.

Paul laughed, "but a city man can't And the baby,"he added, noticing be expected to know how to shut a Rhoda's slow approach, "may be what gate."we need most right now."

"Something wonderful has hap- "You little thought I'd bring Etta pened!"exclaimed Henrietta. "John back to you so soon, did you, sir?"

has a call on a mission to Scandinavia, inquired John, joining them.

and Father Hansen will run the "I warn you I'd be riled up if butcher shop alone and pay John's you did it for anything but a misexpenses if Robert and I may stay sion,"replied Paul.

here. I'll help pick peaches,"she "Come inside,"urged Lydia, "it's

finished earnestly. chilly for the baby."

u>9\js>x9\3v>>j\3v>5

'our mamaae..

Richard L. Evans

"pOR you who have already made your marriage, there is simply this to be said: Make your marriage work. In

marriage there is no readymade formula for success. It

requires character and consideration, honor and understanding, faith and forbearance. No two people were ever alike

enough to avoid adjustments altogether. And no two people

were ever able to make one another over altogether. Once a

AMERICA'S FINEST marriage is made, make it work. Make a home. Rear a

family. Find your happiness in what you have, and in

of trouble look not to see how the ties can be severed, ELECTRONIC ORGAN times but how they can be saved. And now as to you who are

Come in or... phone for a demonnot yet married, to you who may not be until another June,

stration appointment—see and hear another year, or another time far future: Because marriage

this newest Connsonata... standard so completely and so permanently affects the lives of all

specification, 32note pedal A.G.O. lives of yet those lives the of the living, concerned—the

61note two independent hoard with society of ones, of children, of loved and the lives unborn, other manuals. organ can comNo this one step one could hardly look too far ahead

value. for allround See itself—in pare with it at the lasting kind of likenesses—at the deeper kind of differit today.

ences. The ideals we have in our hearts, the principles by

which we move and make decisions, the convictions and concepts we have concerning life, the very grain of our belief, 'aunes ilTWusic so affects our sense of values, our choices, our very peace and purpose, that, in the constant closeness of living life together, i 45475atta.keC/fySOUTH MAIN every act and every utterance could either smooth the course

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO J 2260 WASHINGTON BLVD.,OGDEN of life, or go against the grain. Every standard and every

conviction could either combine in common purpose or be

DIFFERENT opposed in endless argument—an argument of the very soul

inside. And with the prospect of a whole life to be lived, of317 FOREIGN TAMPS

Hi 254 childrenchosen, andto bewithreared,endlessa familyeverlastingto be taught,considerationsfriends toevenbe / $9.50 value includes: beyond those that we can now foresee, it would be folly to

belief. to of ideals basic you disparity Again forget and /{STALIN special STAMP—DEATH

issue! blackbordered petty marriage: it work. Let your Make have made who—ZEALAND

proof 08year-oldNEW of are marriages aside. to differences whose But you be set

Victoria. Queen Sold

for $5 at auction. unmade: consider soberly the deeper lasting differences and

complete ISRAEL of first—sheet issues. the longer everlasting values.

You get all 3 scarce items shown (alone worth fantastic.$7.00)—plus LUNDY,

ruffin issue the from only private world; in kingdom

cpl. set for BEARS,BERLIN Zone; Russian 3 theSPAIN, \AJord square temple fromIberia Airmails; Jhe Jpolu)pohen reissues 3 of '104year-old FRANCE,

rarities—plus hundreds more! total 317 of different Grand PRESENTED BROADCASTING OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA $9.50 just Introduce our tostamps—reg. value—for

Bargain Approvals. Included Encyclopedia "Midget25{> FREE, 13, 1954 SYSTEM, ]UNEof Identifier. Stamps"—plus Dictionary Stamp and Send 1954 Copyright, today.250 back Money guarantee. LE-1 LOT FOR ASK

ZENITH CO., 81 Willoughby St., Brooklyn I, N. Y.

590 THE IMPRDvSSsfT ERA "We can't stay,"said John. "It's

a long drive home, and the horses have worked all day."

"Well, at least have some milk and cookies,"Lydia insisted, and John relented in a slightly rueful manner.

"You must see what Robert knows!"

exclaimed Henrietta, putting him through the familiar paces of sobig pat-a-cake.and Rhoda watched,?&6fyn>i fad without enthusiasm.though But

when Henrietta introduced a routine of called "Pather own invention slipHP child themamaon-thecheek,"ped nearer, finally asking crisply, "Would he do that for me?"

"I don't know,"said Henrietta. Artist

"Try and see."Banker

Rhoda's coaxing, coupled with her

Doctor assistance in guiding his hand to her cheek, was partially successful. Merchant

"He might do the other things Nurse better,"said Henrietta, and after reAirman luctantly abandoning the cheek patTeacher ting, Rhoda found this was true. Farmer

Watching them, Paul hoped that Writer little Robert would fulfil Rhoda's wish Secretary for a baby. Everything might be all Engineer

right now, unless she should become Diplomat so fond of him that the inevitable Chemist parting at the mission's close would Biologist prove upsetting. Architect

Too soon John was insisting on Dentist leaving. When everyone had given Musician

up waving and started for the house,

Paul remained to close the gate.

Rhoda waited for him. It's yours if you prepare for it

"Will it be long before they come here to live?"she asked.

"Not very, I expect,"Paul said. Plan NOW to attend Fall Quarter,

He gave the gate a final tug. "You'll September 24

find little Robert will make you much Write Registrar for information happier than Baby Marie did,"he added. "Well-"Rhoda considered, "RobBrigham Young University ert isn't quite as pretty as Baby Marie, nor as soft and cuddly."Her upProvo—Utah

ward glance was solemn. "But his

little blue eyes do really twinkle, and he knows more things."

"He's a little older than Baby

Marie,"admitted Paul, "and I think he's uncommonly bright as well."Mommy, "And he'll stay until I'm ten,"conceded Rhoda. She was silent for a

few steps.

She really had made strides today, it's

Paul reflected, 'to accept the joy of

Robert's coming, yet admit that hemust leave. MORNING

Father,""You know, Rhoda EVAPORATE "ifsagely, goes William on a mission stated MILK * and leaves Sarah with us after John comes back, and if Annie gets mar- (Concluded page) time! on following

AUGUST 1954 591.

for all (Concluded from preceding page) ried and her husband goes, and if

Joseph grows up and gets married and leaves his wife and baby with us after that, we could go on like this clear until I'm grown up!"

"So we could, Rhoda,"Paul's tone was half amused, half startled. "So

we could!"After all, he thought, her idea was not beyond the realm of possibility...armchair

life, like in the the view or active kaleidoscope,Everyday the was up of made same bright bits of color, ever arrangDeseret News sports writers ing themselves into new and dazzling and cameramen give fans the patterns.

facts—fast and first

... every day. Turn to the

finest sports pages in the Mountain West in your Deseret News and Telegram SnowflakeMesa Girls'Home

(Concluded from page 575) cabin. The next year plans include

having the wards join together to build additional units. &HIEIET MMW

The lodge faces west, and the entire area is surrounded by stately pines that lend their atmosphere of serenity and good will.

From June 16 to August 20 the camp is used exclusively for the girls summer camping program. During

the other ten months, it will be available for Boy Scouts, priesthood quorums, and other auxiliary organizations.

The open house was held in June, with both the Mesa and Snowflake participating. stakes apcommittee A

Including see What you do! and pointed Ellsworth by Presidents and ACCOMMODATIONS thru to Chicago Go east York! See HOTEL New

Rockefeller Center... Statue of Liberty.. SPECIAL SIGHTSEEING Smith and chaired by H. A. HendNBC Radio and Television studios.. go ROUND TRIP TRANSPORTATION rickson will direct the affairs of the

thru the... see Bowery... exChinatown

. plore Village Greenwich 15 DAYS summer program, securing adequate.. and Broadway!

See Washington...the Capitol, Mt. ONLY $150.00 plus tax personnel to supervise and operate

and Vernon attractions! many more FROM SALT LAKE CITY the lodge. Send the for coupon below all the details

about this New York Tour. Mail it today! When General President Bertha S.

Reeder of the YWMIA, with the TRAVEL GREYHOUND BUREAU others of the general boards, visited 107 West South Temple Salt Lake City 10, Utah the lodge, she was proud of the

NAME stakes'achievements and offered suggestions to better the MIA summer program. The enthusiastic endorsement of the general boards was much

appreciated.

The congenial spirit and coopera-

J*Unbreakable... moulded tion of the Mesa and Snowflake stakes

DRINK f toweight,look likenoiseglass.free.LightKeo- have made this project a delightful

nomieal. Standard height. experience. Much credit is due to the

dealer. your from Order

presidencies, stake stake the superinSB 167 SPECIAL OFFER A delightful Dai. $1.25 tendencies, stake presidencies, and the trial for those SI. hot beverage 00 Mail for lot of

who don't drink coffee. one dozen sent postpaid. as well as the bishops and ward MIA

AT YOUR GROCERS BUSS GOODS'?!. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14. Mass. workers for their cooperation.

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Handcarts Westward

(Continued from page 565) at least have reached Fort Bridger.

Quick planning had to be made.

Coming over to David and Elliot's wagon, the captain of the relief party spoke, "We're sending two men ahead to go with as much speed as possible to let the stranded companies especially for your know that aid is near.

"Let me be one of them, Captain,"

David offered eagerly.

"No, my boy, the ones who go must know the trail from A to Izzard.

We've already asked Joseph A.

Young and Cyrus Wheelock."

After they started on their way,

Captain said, Grant this menus "During lull in the weather we'll press on china as with as speed much possible with all in us. have will try prices we We

to reach the divide between the

Green and Wind rivers before it storms again."PERFECT FOR FAMILY DINNER

"It's a lull all right,"observed

Charles Decker, "but do you see those clouds forming in the north?"COFFEE

As he spoke they were hardly perceptible, but by the time the teams SHOP traveled forty miles, winter had Hotel Utah broken loose in all its fury. Max Carpenter, Manager

"Double up teams and go to it See Uncle Roscoe's Playtime Party—KSLTV, 4:15 p.m.

or we'll never cross the Continental

Divide!"came the shouted orders all

along the line of vehicles.

"Look at Reddick's team! It's * **'':

down!"Elliot called out excitedly.

In a moment he and David were out of their wagon and trying to help the horse to its feet to no avail. It was

completely exhausted.

"Go on and leave me with just enough food for a couple of days,"urged Reddick Allred. "With rest,

, my horse will be all right, and I'll continue on my way."

As they hesitated, he cried out, "Too many lives are at stake. Hurry,

no time can be lost."

There was nothing they could do but comply. With each mile traveled, genuine alarm filled their hearts WE TAKE PRIDE IN OUR L.D.S. INSTITUTE OF RELIGION

as they thought of the companies ahead. At South Pass they could Here students combine spiritual and cultural principles in

hardly make it downhill. By the time building strong characters.

the Sweetwater was reached, men The seven schools of the college offer career opportunities and beasts were too worn out to go enabling students to prepare for making a life as well as a on. It was decided to make camp. living.

"David, look! Coming down that

2325, 1954 hill."Transfixed, they stood in their Fall Quarter Registration—September

tracks. "Probably Joseph Young and UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Cyrus Wheelock unable to go on."Logan, Utah

"It's Captain Willie and Joseph (Continued on following page) AUGUST 1954 593 HANDCARTS WESTWARD Herfor whatmotheris a hadpartyboiledwithoutsomea lunch?"ginger

(Continued from preceding page) cially disturbing to Pamela. But they roots, and she poured the warm

Elder, as I live and breathe,"George had developed a certain docility of liquid into cups. A piece around

Grant spoke as though offering a manner which was more troubling. of "jerked beef"and a few rose berprayer of thanksgiving. Something had to be done to arouse ries completed the repast. Never had

The two arrivals were in dire them to some interest, some enthuany party refreshment tasted better.

straits, frostbitten, starving, and near siasm, so the idea of the party was Wagon grease had long since been collapse. Captain Willie had burlap born in Pamela's mind. used up, and now the company was

wrapped about his feet and legs. When the children had gathered using wolf tallow and even soap.

Huskily he spoke, "The company is around the cheery fire which Allan This caused a perceptible slowing up east of Rocky Ridge, in a freezing, and others of the larger boys had of the vehicles. Handcarts were

starving condition. If help doesn't built, Pamela came out with a handpulled slowly through the snow, and

come immediately, they will perish!"ful of gaily colored calico scraps for little Jeanie grew more and more

David and the others jumped from ribbons. weary. One night an attack of

their wagons and seizing shovels be- "Now before the party we must all croup snuffed out her life, and she gan sending banks of snow to the have our hair combed. How would was laid to rest in the frozen ground.

right and the left in order to proceed. you like that?"A wind came up suddenly and

Meanwhile at the Sweetwater "Fine,"came the answer in uniblew away more of the handcart

River, when the blizzard subsided, son. After matching the "ribbons"covers and tents. This was followed

faces came peering out from under with the girls'complexions, they all by a snowstorm which lasted all tent covers. Jeanie Garson called out, admired the effect. The boys were one day.

"Now the storm is over we can have getting impatient and called out, Managing the trip pretty well until the party Pamela promised us.""Let's play 'Bear over the Mounthe first snowfall, Mrs. Brownlee felt

"A party of all things!"her mother tain. all of her old ailments coming back,

said. "Who but Pamela would think After this game another was with more added, and shortly her

of a party now? True, President started, but Jeanie sank in the snow, spirit took flight.

Young advocated amusements when "It's fun, but I'm so tired."They "Death's hostages to a glorious

things went wrong, but surely not helped her to the wagon. future!"Brigham Young had said.

now with death hovering near."There was no urging to continue, And if ye die before your journey's

The overwrought expressions of so Pamela called them around the through the children's faces had been espefire and said, "Now for refreshments, Happy day, all is well!

for that u new car power! u

new UTOCO gasoline

m

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A mission was assigned to Pamela, similar to the one Ann Malin was performing in the Martin company.

She was to help keep track of all the children whose parents were indisposed or had gone beyond the reach of earthly troubles. Filter Queen Through it all, however, there sy.

were valiant hearts.

is plight "This to nothing what outcleons 'em all.. for LIFE! went throughwe the Prophet when

was martyred,"Captain Willie spoke thoughtfully. >i

And Millen Atwood added, "Joseph..used to say, 'Better to die facing the MOST POWERFUL SUCTION

west than at the hands of the moboYou get extradeep onestroke cleaning "crats!'because your "Queen"has a heavyduty

With these timely reminders, backs were straightened, and faces shone onehorsepower motor and twostage turwith expressions of endurance inbine impellers! SEE IT!

stead of selfpity. Jtj:

The captain gave advice, "Keep as cheerful as possible, for worry saps.. EVER!strength. Above all things, keep a NO SUCTION SLOWDOWN

prayer in your hearts and on your lips every waking moment. Be rejrm>

is stillminded in that God his heaven "Suction Slowdown"is a terrible disease that A9and walking with are his us angels, ministering to us by day and by attacks all bagtype vacuums after the first few lint clognight. If it were not so, we all would minutes'work—caused by dust andbe sleeping under the snow."ging the pores of the bag, cutting efficiency W to

Strangely enough, faith grew 50 to 907o!

stronger as conditions became worse.

Eyes that grew bleak and sunken ONLY FILTER QUEEN HAS NO BAG AT ALL!

retained the light of indomitable courage, courage born of faith that No cloth bag... no paper bag The "Queen"uses a wonderful new

would not falter. Pamela felt an principle—empties once a month—neveY gets clogged! You Must

engulfing, overwhelming dizziness See It!

creeping through her, but she would——

not betray the trust these people had r;>MAIL to FILTER QUEEN

in her, and not once did she waver Salt1993 LakeSouthCity,11th UtahEast in the routine of desperate tasks. Show me Filter Queen—and give me

my apron—with no charge or obligaBesides quoting pithy of sayings v tion to buy.

In exchange for a few minutes ofBrigham Young, these stalwarts composed their own epigrams: your time to acquaint you with r Name

"If we run out of food, we'll march Filter Queen—the greatest cleaning 1 Address

on grit! appliance ever built. Simply call for 1

"It doesn't matter, the terrible an appointment or mail this coupon! 1

things that happen to us, if inside 1 5we face them unflinchingly!'

"If out of the stuff of human beings, we can still have hope and faith, what matters all else!"

believed They that a ghastly conFREE!

flict going was 16 MM. SOUND on between the powFILMS PIKES PEAR forers of heaven and hell. Satan was

Scouts, M.I.A., Special Boyassuredly working overtime. Had FLOUR Interest or other groups.the Heavenly Father said not in Holy With FOUR TITLES that if hisWrit 275 children called TO CHOOSE FROM upon

his name he would surely answer? Extra Baking

So in all the faith they could muster, For Information or Catalog Advantages the prayers continued with fervor. Write, Wire or Call SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

5th South art Father 425 West "Our in heaven. which HILLAM'S... give us this daily day our City, Utah Lake bread. 54 P. O. Place, Salt Lake City, Utah Salt

... Thine be the glory!"Phone 3-5417

(To be continued) AUGUST 1954 595 IRIS PARKER Editor

Florence B. Pinnock

Finds Cooking Relaxing

Petite, sparklyeyed Florence PinShe thinks it is wicked to waste nock serves delicious food, alfood. She was taught that when she

ways beautifully, and as if it was a little girl during World War I.

were a great joy to do so. And that She says she has learned to use good Florence B. Pinnock

genuine enjoyment seems to be the recipes and to follow them to the secret of her charm in anything she eighth of a teaspoonful, and she has 1 bay leaf 1 teaspoon curry powder (if you likeundertakes—her general board work, very few failures. it)

her role as a wife and mother, being Next to keeping her family happy 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce a friend to a great number of peoand wellnourished, Florence Pinple. nock's chief interest is in the Church. Brown the meat and the onions. Add

But getting back to Sister Pinnock She has worked in many auxiliary other ingredients and simmer about one in the kitchen, she says, "I just plain organizations, but her great love has hour. Chill and skim off any fat.

like to cook. Perhaps that's why it been the MIA, and the Gleaners hold Heat again slowly, stirring occasionalcomes easy. It relaxes me. Other a special spot in her heart because for ly. Serve on buns.

women pick up their sewing, but I many years she has been on the go out to the kitchen and stir up Gleaner committee of the general Tunaburgers something. I can come in just as board and her originality, imaginatired as can be and experiment with tion, and inspiration have brought Y4 pound grated American cheese

fine eggs, hardcooked chopped all recipe feel and abouta new pepped up."many

1 can tuna, drained is that her son vations misin the on a HughNow green tablespoons pepper of theM MenGleanerworth-while innopro- 23 chopped sion, she is not called upon to turn gram. 2 tablespoons chopped onion

out quite so many superhearty meals The nicest part of summer, to 2 tablespoons chopped stuffed olives as(such served the time she supper tablespoons 2 Florence chopped sweet pickles Pinnock, is sharing mealto forty of a school high members cup mayonnaise 2 time with her friends. cook- i Summer

football team), but her husband, ing, in her opinion, should be quick

Lawrence, and her teenage children, and easy. Planning ahead is the Combine ingredients lightly. Spread

rolls buttered ten hot on dog and wrap likeKathleen Roger, and and apsecret. is enthusiastic She a about

foil. roll separately in each aluminumpreciate food. good Freezer Party, so Summer about how refrigerator chilled in be can the They Mrs. Pinnock, economist a home one, having as at they the Pindo all 250 or day, at baked immediately

profession,by having done home let nocks, and everyone help with for thirty F. minutes.

service work and conducted foods the work. Here is one of Florence's

programs on the radio, and now oceasy menus and her recipes: Special French Dressing

casionally teaching a class at the

University of Utah, has some worthEasy Barbeque Beef or Tunaburgers 1 cup salad oil while ideas on meal preparation to Mixed Vegetable Salad with a special l/2 cup vinegar share with us. French Dressing Juice of one lemon

the Corn on not She does believe that a meal catsup with ground chili peppers Cob % cup Ice Creamshould affair, hitand-miss be a (plain ever. Lemon catsup be used) may

To avoid such a plight needs a little 1 small grated onion planning. The extra time spent in Barbecue Beef l/$ cup sugar

this preparation will save hours of 1 teaspoon paprika pounds beef ground Salt to tastework, will be and the meal large onions much 22 chopped of Clove garlic or a little garlic salt standeverymore enjoyable from flour 1 tablespoon point. Salt and pepper Mix and shake well and let stand.

Texture is important to Sister Pin- 2 cups catsup nock in her meals, as well as flavor 2 cups water Lemon Ice Cream and color. "Most of us like to eat,"

she says, "but I can enjoy it so much 3 quarts milk more when I have something crisp 6 cups sugar or crunchy to eat along with smooth, 1 cup and 2 tablespoons fresh lemon bland foods."juice

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \y2 cups table cream 2 teaspoons lemon extract Ys teaspoon salt

Mix and chill and freeze in sixquart freezer. This recipe may seem

out of proportion, but try it. "It is the

smoothest ice cream you can imagine,"says Sister Pinnock.

A\7hile she was checking recipes for a

Deseret News contest, Mrs. Pinnock said she ran across a very good

recipe for oldfashioned whole wheat bread and she thought we might like it.

The recipe is quick and easy and sure.

Whole Wheat Bread

1 yeast cake l/3 cup lukewarm water 1 tablespoon shortening 1 tablespoon honey 1 tablespoon molasses 1 tablespoon salt 3 cups scalded milk 6 cups whole wheat flour

Soften the yeast in the water. Melt

shortening and combine with honey, molasses, salt, and scalded milk. Cool

to lukewarm and combine with the yeast mixture. Add the flour, enough

to make a soft dough, and knead thoroughly, using extra flour if needed.

Shape into two loaves and place in greased loaf pans. Let rise to not

quite double in bulk and bake at 350 F.

for one hour and ten minutes.

HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

If you like potato salad but do not like raw onion, take a peeled onion and boil

it in the the water with potatoes.

This AND HERE'S A TIP THAT WILL SPEED gives the salad potato onion flavor. an

—R.S.M., Georgetown, Idaho.

A small paintbrush dipped in furniture YOUR HOUSEHOLD CHORES polish is handy for getting into the little depressions in carved furniture. Mrs.

R.E.L., Jane, Mo.

Don't discard your costume, jewelry When cleaning woodwork or windows, always use when the metal parts become dark and distwo Boyco pails—one for soapy water, one for rinse

colored. a small Keep jar handy in which

part there is one household and water. Choose the sizes handiest for your needs from. ammonia

three parts water. Immerse the jewelry for Boyco's complete line of rugged, rustresistant pails.

several minutes, remove from solution, rinse, and dry. Once more the metal parts will See BOYCO's complete line of household worksavers at your

be shiny. I.P.P., LaPorte, Indiana. hardware or department store

By putting luminous paint on the tip UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS of the pull cord of the light or a luminous DIVISION strip of tape around the bedroom light 5100 Santa UNITEDFe Ave., LosSTATESAngeles,STEELCalif.CORPORATION 1849 Oak St., Alameda, Calif.

switch, one will be able to see the glow in the dark and will avoid fumbling for the light at night. Mrs. LB., Marquette,

Mich.

AUGUST 1954 597 to

HAWAII

EUROPE

by Merle P. Poulson

LATIH CHAIRMAN, JUNIOR GLEANER COMMITTEE, YWMIA GENERAL BOARD beautiful, balmy September our MIA theme—that bit of scripOnemorning, years and years ago, I ture so carefully and prayerfully

awoke to the realization that I chosen each year to help guide young had finally made it. Those pokey people like me. I would store these

for air or ship Book by now live were in sacred soul (I thought) words years and of growing up my trip the have you dreamed I in some This them every was what day me. to make way now behind... of. Call or write now

5-6552 or 5-5924. had been waiting for, because, you a better me.

see, this was my thirteenth birthday, Yes, if I were in my teens, I most and I was starting in my teens. certainly would keep my eyes wide

What a wonderful birthday gift! open. Then when I needed hope,

Life took on a new lease! courage, or strength, I could see where UNIVERSAL Really, I can still feel the thrill and how to find it.

blood as I With my eyes wide open I could Jravel O*ervice that surged through my

Temple Square Hotel - Salt Lake City visioned the future years and what see farther than the disappointments,

I would do with them. I hope I'll discouragements, and heartaches of

always have that thrill; but, do you the moment, for in conquering each

if I in were my teens find continued growth. again, one I would THE BENNETT JUNIOR know,

I would changes a few there are glorious is a age. Youth

AUTOMATIC JUICER certainly make. planned, it will bring joy andIf wellreal

This practical, modern I would open my eyes wider, and happiness; if well lived, it brings

juicer, designed for home of by so doing, be able to see that those satisfaction and realization of the use, produces a quality natural flavored rich, juices vegetables and who had been placed over me to splendid dreams of youth. from

pitfalls effiIt's fruits. quick, from protect me guard and of open, eyes your wide youth Keep cient, Just economical.

I. wiser than were electric turn switch, much on and harm of travel as today, the you highway fruit feed vegetable, or revergreater pay would will extract and "Junior"life, First—I leaders, will we, which your hope

juice, pulp. the expel the of wonderteachings the to my ence of Quantities cabbage, of gates worthiness lead through you

celery juice carrot and of sometimes instead parents, ful in eternity of into everserve ready minutes. peace to an and

complaining and saying to them, lasting joy.

$150.00 "Other girls stay out late—why can't

freight prepaid Diameter, 71/2"; height I?"

net I31/2"; weight 19 Second—I would value my leaders, easyto- lbs. Only four

feed parts: clean nylon cutthose who had been chosen to teach silver nickel chute,

truths. sacred ideals ter, plated and gospel nickel steel me screen, stainless

their words TOMORROW to attention pay I would pan.

UL and CSA approved. instead of letting my mind wander By Dorothy Marie Davis

Juicer Model available: Automatic Bennett Also

$275.00 juice "B"outside the classroom into avenues f never saw a boy who wouldn't climb bars for fountains, and institutions.

See your Diet or Health Food Store, or write to: where the Lord's Spirit had not been * A wall or fence or rather climb a gate

invited. Than open it—whether he had an hour

late. leisurely or For was meander Bennett The Company try to more be would salt! his if the worth He'd dare boy was of Not Third—I

Dept. E. San Geary Street, 1028 for fruit to or just tree top be crowd. in on a follower A than Francisco 9, Calif. a leader my

ridgepoles—while his elders gasp andAMAZING MULTIFLORA ROSE AS LOW AS I would try to be an example for And stare.

good, always remembering, "Our Fences and peaks seem made for boys who

Per learn fall where we may never Ft. shadowsLIVING low 5At people older know. what and falls By bumpsBEAUTIFYcost dense rosefor FREEhedges.CATALOG. FENCESwith TODAY -as little YOURas Be a foot.HOMEWRITE be."stars along, fresh years where and But come

burn fervently thank would Fourth—I SIZED SHRUBS & height, vast uncharted challenge on the ABABYlust For! You've TREESLooking What for Father many Heavenly my my to choose.from BeenMostly which will scale the blue wall boy some Sometime

use. height—forNumerous Write6 to 12in.today FREEthevarietiesCatalog!popular for gifts, especially blessings and and night. Mich. 41,sizesTHP Bridgman, NURSERIES, Box forWHITTENexperimental

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Best Mode of Travel

By Ezra J. Poulsen

Weeverusedknownthe bestto methodman whenof travelwe came into this valley,"said Thomas Sleight, a pioneer of southern Idaho in 1863, at a public meeting in Paris, Idaho, many years later.

Among some of the teenagers of the automobile era, there was a snicker. How could such a thing be

when they had no automobiles?

Then Brother Sleight clinched his point in a simple, explosive statement:

"We walked! Is anyone here willing

to surrender his ability to walk for a new automobile?"There were no

hands. For a moment the audience

stared dumbfounded at the tall, whitehaired speaker* then broke into laughter.

So often, we take our choicest blessings for granted or fail to recognize them at all. Yet how important to

happiness are the little things which cost no money and are forever enriching our lives! Though we normally have the ability to walk, few

seem to enjoy walking. It is really

very fascinating and may lead to no end of pleasant experiences.

We may be equally unresponsive to the sunrise on the mountains or the kindness of a friend. It is hard

to appreciate blessings showered on us so abundantly they seem limitless.

But the universal economy requires positive reactions to opportunity.

Thus, the lazy man finds his muscles growing flabby; the indifferent student loses the ability to concentrate;the pampered son of wealth fails to BIG ZEE

find happiness in work; and the spiritual drone loses contact with God. PAPER NAPKINS

This brings us back to Thomas it pretty soflforouSleight..He was a man who found make

culture and refinement even in the wilderness and was capable of imparting these qualities to others.

Though he taught school in a log cabin, he lived to see his pupils into space Claude's dashgraduated from great universities; he

the all over spread means foodplanted the first tree in the town he place. But not when ZEE Napkins do

helped to found; he kept a faithful guard duty... give big

record of his daily experiences, which protection. ZEE... so soft and

came to be the most authentic hisabsorbent... catch spills, prevent

tory of the settlement. The barest spots, save lots of washing and

account of his many activities fills a ironing. And they're doublelarge volume. This is exactly what yourmoney-back guaranteed, too!

you would expect of a man who enjoyed the free use of the "best means of travel known to man."Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954 San Francisco 19, California

AUGUST 1954 599

-But No Hyacinths"

By Florence J. Johnson

FROM THE FAMOUS M.C. P. KITCHEN

LABORATORY Lacey sniffed enviously as "Yes. One biscuit. It will soon Mrs.her hostess took from the oven be time for supper. Jimmy, whatever

COPR 1953 MUTUAlANAHEIM,CITRUS PRODUCTS.CALIF. CO. large loaves of bread just the aid you do to your shirt?"as she saw

right shade of golden brown. the fragments of what that morning

"I don't see how you do it, Myra had been a whole garment.

IT'S ALMOST UNBELIEVABLE HOW Willetts. I'd rather eat your bread "It got torn when Billy and I were

MUCH BETTER YOUR JAMS WILL BE! than cake any day."wrestling."

YOU'LL SOONthe originalSEE "Go along with your blarney, Nell,"Jimmy spread the butter lavishly when you use uncooked jam recipes delaughed the other woman. "But reon his biscuit before he surrendered

veloped M.C.P. JAM exclusivelyAND JELLYby member, I get enough practice with the knife to his older sister who

PECTIN! have ALL Thisthe freshway, jamsfruit this family of mine."wailed: "Look, Mom, at my dress, and

just "more of it".flavor.. for(andnothingcolor)is...cookednot "When are you going to take time Sara has a big hole in her stocking."

boiled or away. the For same

fruit less sugar, yet and get reason,moreyoujamuse—to read some of those books you've "Oh, dear! I thought I was

4 pints of fruit! from 4 cups And how been buying? Didn't you get another through with the mending for this nice stove! to have not over to work a hot

the Try uncooked PEACH JAM recipe (bebig package today? I thought you week. I even put the basket away,

... low) you'll be glad you did!

HERE'S THE RECIPE* weren't going to buy any more for a thinking it might work a charm. Go

1. Pit or slice and grind fine enough peaches while."and change your clothes, all of you.

to level in cups make ground. Put 3% 2 or "I know,"Mrs. Willetts flushed You look disreputable."Myra Wilkettle 4 qt. at and once add V\ lemon cup

juice prevent (to or "presetting"). darkening

Sift in slowly -oz. package 3y2 M.C.P. JAM guiltily. "But these looked so inletts looked at her friend and smiled

will other (no PECTIN AND JELLY do), teresting. I'm going to start tonight."resignedly. But her friend did not

stirring aside Set vigorously. minutes, 30

looking smile. return the "I'll stirring occasionally She was to dissolve I believe pectin that see it. when You

fully. until children. keenly at the Not said the same thing two ago, months syrup. cup light corn 2. Add 1 Mix well.

exactly 3. Measure beet cups 5V2 level or when a box of books came. 'Fess up, they had left the room did she speak.

stir dry dish; sugar into gradually cane into

ground fruit. Wanning to 100F. (temperaMyra. Have you read one chapter?""Myra, we're too good friends to

ture solving. for Nobaby'shotter,milk)please!will hasten sugar disAgain the color deepened in Myra quarrel. But Lucy and Sara are both

4. When eat. Makessugar4 fullis pints.dissolved, jam is ready to Willetts'cheek. old enough to do their own mending.

5. Because these are uncooked jams, never "I know. It seemed as though the And, this is the third straight day

store pantry shelf. them on won't They

refrigeration. keep without keep for a children needed more attention than that Jimmy has come with a torn To

or for more, chill month 24 hours in deep ever these past weeks."shirt. Rough play is all right, but I freeze, freezing or or ice cube compartment

of andrefrigerator.use as desired.Then, Tostoremakeas youlargewouldamountsmilk With a bang and a clatter, the door don't think it's necessary to tear one's

at one time tor and keep period, them a long flew open. The children were home. clothing while playing."

storage freeze 20 (10 in deep to below above zero) is needed. "Fresh bread! Oh boy! Can we "I know, Nell."Myra admitted

Copr. 1954 M.C.P. Co. have some, Mom? We're starved."(Concluded on page 602)

IMPORTANT! Complete

recipes for both cooked and uncooked jams are now being packed in the M.C.P. PECTIN package.

If recipe folder you get does NOT include those for uncooked jams, write M.C.P. Co., Anaheim. Calif.

AN OLD FASHIONED REMEDY FOR HOT WEATHER WEARINESS!

REFRESHING LEMONwhole- ADE easy some,..... cooling,and so

make with M.C.P. CANto

NEDfor economyLEMON—JUICE!one smallAs

can makes nearly 2 quarts of for lemonade a few glass! cents And, a what better hot weather

beverage for youngsters and grownups isforthere M.C.P. is JUICE LEMON

fullstrength, pure,alike unadulterated, rich in Vitamin C. It's NOT "reconstituted"...

does not contain preservatives of any kind, such as unwholesome sulphur dioxide or benzoate of soda. (It's wise to read the

label carefully when you buy lemon juice, canned or bottled.) Once you've used M.C.P.

you'll keep JUICE alLEMON some handy ways. costs less than homesqueezed Are even busiest you, your on

for readyIt... is instant use (without or mussjuice

life taking to enjoy time out fuss) in so wonderful many ways. There's

fine that's Recipe Folder a withdays, for hyacinths? the your askFREE

ing. write Just M.C.P. Kitchen Laboratory,

Calif. (There's M.C.P. FROZEN

too, If JUICE, know. you Anaheim,LEMON groyour

hasn't got it, he easily it can get for you. wer

-A Lambert Photo 600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gp...the paint by PABCO

And so practical... stays fashion -right, colorbright, for years.

PAINT - ROOFING - SIDING.

AVAILABLE WHERE YOU SEE THIS EMBLEMV PABCOPABCO PPRODUCTS INC., SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA

AUGUST 1954 601 "-BUT NO HYACINTHS"SOME LIKE COLD CEREAL SOME LIKE HOT CEREAL the truth{Concludedof herfromfriendspage 600)remarks. be"Booksas smartI buyas toMrs.learnMeade,myself theto

"Both the girls hate sewing, and doctor's wife, but all I have time for

Jimmy has been warned. But I hate is to mend and bake bread, bread,

to nag them and spoil their day. Beand more bread. Maybe tomorsides the days of youth go so fast. row—

I want them to have happy memWith lightened step at the hope, ories."she went the faster, as if to hasten the

"How about your own memories, tomorrow, forgetting that her tomorTHEY ALL LIKE Myra?"her friend wanted to know. rows in the past had always been as

"You have a right to some time for busy as her yesterdays—bread for the

ALL-O-WHEAT yourself. Of course, the family body, but no hyacinths for her soul.

should come first, but there should Are you a Myra Willetts?

be a little time each day for your Or, are you even on your busiest

The cereal taking time out to enjoy life days, hyacinths? your that's aSSfr veryof ourown.ChurchYou meetingshaven't beenfor severalto any with tripled in popuof You've out even dropped

sustenance, but Bread we need for little circle. informal larity in one weeks.our sewing Are

of life, the necesfor the enrichment year.

fair to yourself? being there, But, you sary impetus to gain our goal, we need

I've said too of of beauty, much. But anyway, hyacinths—hyacinths it over, think Myra."All-O-Wheat has all of wheat's natural vitamins of infriendship, of companionship,

it cinnawith Serve lasting for energy. longer Willetts Myra Thoughtfully, terests outside the home. it's delicious love You'll cream. sugar, mon, and her friend watched close neighbor and

flavor. whole wheat walls of our home can narrow The the her. door behind a glance Then

For All the Family... at the clock sent her scurrying, forour vision, and they can broaden our

All Year Round getting the advice that had just been outlook, but it depends on the given her. hyacinths we care for.

Late that night, when socks and The family grows. Each day isALL-O-WHEAT dresses and shirts were once more one step forward into the great world

OGDEN, UTAH mended, a weary woman paused in beyond. The mother must keep pace.

front of the wellfilled bookcase and Bread for her family—loving attentouched the books longingly. If she tion and guidance—yes, but for hercould only sit down and read them. self, as well, there must be hyacinths.

c/1 CENTU RY OF With a sigh she turned away and Gather for yourself a bouquet of stumbled up the stairs. hyacinths and nurture them well.

Write for information MELCHIZEDER PRIESTHOOD on type of organ in which you (Concluded from page 585) subject to quorum jurisdiction. The

are interested. Group Projects proceeds from those projects carried

forward for collecting funds should

In many stakes in the Church go into a common quorum fund. No

Melchizedek Priesthood quorums are Melchizedek Priesthood group in the composed of two or more groups livChurch should possess funds separate

PIPE 0RGANS ing in different wards. The 1952 from its quorum, but proceeds or I REED ORGANS reports indicate that there were 1607 profits made from quorum projects, -iMClfAm

Melchizedek Priesthood group projects as well as those accrued from group riXLLLLU in the Church that year in compariprojects within quorums, should all

ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO/VT. son to 2872 quorum projects; and go into a common fund.

so nearly thirtysix percent of the In cases where Melchizedek groups

Melchizedek Priesthood projects were belonging to the same quorum have conducted on the group level. The projects, the quorum presidency

1953 reports were quite similar. should arrange for all groups in that

There were 2070 group projects reparticular quorum to have projects, WE OFFER...

A COMPLETE ported and 3881 quorum projects, or in order that opportunities for work

ENGRAVING SERVICE thirtyfive percent. might be equally distributed and the

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest The General Authorities advise that proceeds equally shared. Experience Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention all group as well as quorum projects has proven that by following such a

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. should be conducted under the dipolicy Melchizedek Priesthood quo113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah rection of the quorum presidencies rums become unified and strengthand that those projects are completely ened.

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Liverpool to the Great

Salt Lake Valley

(Continued from page 563) In life ever united, sharing reverses and prosperity, rejoicing together, and mourning in company, fate dared not separate them. They died the

same death and at the same time; and

while their spirits, in loving fraternity, winged their course to God who sent them down, their poor, bleeding, inanimate bodies kept mournful company, until weeping friends interred them both.

"The landlord of the tavern took me to the jail and obtained admittance for me. The keeper was away

and I was shown over it by a young girl. The holes made in the wall by

the bullets still remained unstopped.

The bullet hole in the door is that made by the ball which caused the death of Hyrum....

"Having seen the place and made my sketches I was glad to leave. Two

lives unatoned for and 'blood crying * MJIIbrOOk HOME DELIVERY DIVISION OF HIIAND DAIW from the ground,'made the spot hateful."Continuing his account, Mr. Piercy

stated, "I did not cross the state of

Iowa from Keokuk with the emigrants, but returned to St. Louis,

from whence I went up the Missouri

River by steamboat, to St. Joseph,

Mo., a distance of about 470 miles

and from thence by land to Kanesville, a further distance of about 150 miles. In travelling by land from

St. Joseph, I necessarily had to cross

a portion of Iowa, and entered

Kanesville, now called Council Bluffs

City, by the Bluff road, and a very bad road it was. It is difficult to

climb clayey hills in wet weather, so that my friends and I scrambled m up and slid down alternately. man/toe A strongly spiritual, faithpro-

moting book. "The city is situated at the mouth. FOLDING

of a small valley, beside a stream BANQUET called Indian Creek.... TABLES In The

"I found Kanesville to be a very dirty, unhealthy place, and withal a Gospel Net"very dear place to make an outfit for By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

the Plains, notwithstanding the assertions of holders of property and = Ar all bookstores $1.75 I settled merchants there to the contrary....

"Emigrants should be very cauTRUCKS

FOR tious HEADQUARTERS truck storingMONROEeasy, wayTables with Forthe and particular everything L.D.S. f modernFoldingtables handles IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA EachandConstruestoragsChairs chairs.permits of d No. TSCOf fe in Storage purchase, they keeping view, that Transport citherTruckspace. tionin limited

Truck No. T$ mistakes cannot be remedied on the Church Units may direct their inquiries to the YE KING'S REST MOTEL

47 East Department, Purchasing 526 5TH STREET SOUTH journey. a storekeeper When Temple, asChurchSouth Salt Lake Foutz, Dr. B. Harold Owner

bacon, sures you that or ham is sweet H. Foutz. Edgar Manager Wr/n*oe. companyCity 1, Utah. the

(Continued on following page) 249CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. IOWA Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

AUGUST 1954 603 *7\2>33;:3S&Sos5:;C>

Liverpool to the Great Salt Lake Valley yor rather6: v LicOder

(Continued preceding page) from J\ina of Lompanionship good, don't beand content with his word, but cut into it and see for yourself. When crackers, biscuit or Richard L. Evans

flour are of the eat wanted, some crackers, taste smell the and and M'[uchdo:ofoflifethingsis madewe uppostpone,of thingsofwethingsthink wewe willset aside,one dayof

... flour. caution be same The may

useful in all things...."things we leave too late. And one of the things we could

(The sketch which Mr. Piercy best determine to do this day, would be for fathers and sons

made of the Council Bluffs Ferry (and daughters) to draw a little nearer, to come a little take a little more time for a closer kind of comacross the Missouri River is planned closer—to

those whoas a cover for the September issue.) panionship with those who have first claims—with

On Saturday the eleventh of June mean the most. Too many of us wait too long for the

1853, the young artist wrote in his cherished times together, for the intimate outings, for the journal, "Arrived at ELc rtorn. We quiet hours of an evening, for the fuller talking out of imcamped on the east side uritil Monday portant personal problems with the close confidence of an

it isabout noon, resting! | anfi\ repairing understanding heart. It is not so much the sending;

not so much the preaching of the precepts; it is not altogether,

even, the providing—but the going with, the doing with,

the being with that brings a closer kind of kinship. Fathers

are often too closely confined to the business of providing things physical and financial. Often in their daily pursuits,

they live competitive lives to make the means to help to make the home—to provide the things by which their loved ones

may better live. And being preoccupied with pressure and

problems, they may sometimes leave some things too late.

One day all of us, alike, will stand before the Father of us all, to give an account of what we have done with what we have had. And when that day comes for all of us, God

grant that, through the useful virtue of our lives, we shall be an honor to the "fathers of our flesh,"1 as well as to the "Father of [our] spirits"1—that we shall be such sons and

daughters that he could say also of us: "This is my beloved

Son, in whom I am well pleased."2 God bless this day—and

every day—the fathers who have faced the world for us

in many ways. And may this day increasingly become a

symbol of a closer kind of companionship between fathers and daughters and sons—that fathers may have a fuller

sense of being fathers, and that sons may have a finer sense of being sons—and that both may seek to see and do the

things for one another that are sometimes left too late.

Spoken lAJord FRQM TEMpLR SQUARwagons. As thereere two or three

wheelwrights in the /S&rrlp this was PRESENTED OVER KSLSYSTEM,AND JUNETHE COLUMBIA20, 1954 BROADCASTING done most readilyfc/A fine fat buck Copyright, 1954 was shot by one,of the boys and Hebrews 12:9.

brought into camp, and eaten, of 2Matt. 3:17 & Matt. 17:5.

course. While halting at this place I

made the accompanying sketch."

The sketch of Joseph Smith, the young artist made "from a lithoAS LONG AS THERE IS LOVELINESS graph published in New York,"the'one of Hyrum was copied "from a By Ethelyn M. Kincher To fill each awful ache and direful need.

in darkness, steeped stunned by Thoughportrait in the possession of his fammi, of the earth corners as there are?,erJ'. 11,1ily,"while portrait "the of late the tall,,, long, u-battle, 1 soiled in bleed, j and And., we may J As ail11 is prized lovelinesstv above Whereir1Patriarch, Father [uncle Smith John

s '. loveliness to 4.1. can be moment's come a j A m isof the its.. is likewise Prophet] 1 rfor worth, 1honest from 1honored good a And thflt darkest the bar Hght penetmtes A

daguerreotype in the possession of To point a soul the way to ecstasy.

Elder S. W. Richards, which has been What man can say that love no longer

pronounced true to life."For sings?each small grain of beauty is the seed, Whilestar,wonder lights the heavens star by

(To be continued) That sown, can grow to giant harvestings Between man and his God, it is not far.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Have your

IPROVtiritOT ERAS handsomely bound -."i for just $Q00

FOB SALT CITY U LAKE FOR BINDING YOUR ENTIRE YEAR'S ISSUE Retain for permanent use the excellent instructions and outstanding articles of lasting interest that appear monthly in your Improvethe of editions Era have Era. ment You may to Entrance King

in clothcovered book bound Tutankhamen's tomb in handsomely now Kings. Valley of thethe (preis just gold stamping. with Cost $3 form

paid), plus postage, for an entire year's issues.

ADD POSTAGE FOR MAIL ORDERS In the Steps of Abraham Distance from

Salt Lake City, Utah Rate (Concluded from page 567) Up to 150 miles 43 miles 150 to 49 300come from the tombs and catacombs to 59 300 600 miles—

in this area is the Book of Abraham. 600 to 1000 miles 73

Here, in 1831, a Frenchman named 1000 to 1400 miles 88

Antonio Sebolo (or Lebolo) 57 opened Over1400 to18001800milesmiles 1.061.23

a large catacomb which contained several hundred mummies. Sebolo Send to or bring your Era Magazines to the

took with him eleven of the best prethat thoseserved had been mummies, first exDeseret after the Press (mostembalmed News'Binders The Wests Finestpensive) order. These mummies were

those of Egyptian nobility. Some of 31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

these mummies had papyrus scrolls buried one and it was with them of If "TALKS"you into good luck later, yearsthese scrolls that, eleven to bewas known to the world as the It "TALKS"you out of trouble ofbook Abraham.

And so my story ends. BerNARdin;

NOTES doublefeature home canning caps 55G. Olaf Matson, The Palestine Guide

(Jerusalem: Joshua Simon, fifth edition),

p. 288.... Yes, a loud Snap tells you you've got

of 12:1020. 3, Book D6No. Gen. Abraham; Lid Snaps rings down. are builtin seal... those tight a

R. Clark, Into 57James Egypt Before Ye Go that jar got the solidly You've gripping a rim—andlatex University, 46. (Brigham p. Young 1952), high acid resistant third of coat food exclusive vacuum.

that of the inside you on enamel lid—gives matter protection what you can. no added

But—suppose there's a tiny gully on the

jarit—orrim,youor afilledfragmentthe jaroftoofoodfull.adheredSnap goesto

center... you hear—the the comes lid—up Lid up. Snaps the time to correct plenty of you see—in jar rim Check recan. trouble and

and recan.

In every detail, the metal, the threading, the convenient packing, Bernardin is the

Quality 2-piece cap of the Home Canning field but is priced competitively.

This season enjoy these extra advantages.

H BerNARdin CAPS AND SNAP LIDS lids. surrounding the Great...Just ask for snap caps and Area immediately

';:': ": '''": -: ''-'....''..- -,'-.'of Khufu. Pyramid

AUGUST 1954 605 r HOLIDAY FOR MAMA KITCHEn CHflRITl {Concluded from page 536) got some excellent ideas on beauty entertainers care. In the evenings before supper. We heard the

Provo and brought mother. up from were WAXED PAPER uphouse

girls,"she sang out. Orem; one night, however, was set KEEPS FOOD "Come on,

FRESHER LONGER! wasShe nice.called Weus "girls."all gatheredWell,in thatthe asideput onas thestuntentirenight,program.when the Wemothershad

spacious main hall where the burning to improvise stage properties, and this logs in the huge fireplace gave off a affair produced some very versatile pungent odor; this, with the delicious mamas. The orchestra, with combs

odors of food coming from the kitchen, and kitchen utensils for instruments, made us forget such things as diets, added extra spice to the program.

and life seemed Quite wonderful. Singing together, praying together,

We all sang a song, then one of and gathering around the flagpole for the mothers said a prayer of thanksthe flagraising ceremonies each giving and asked the blessing on the morning are experiences we like to food, after which we enjoyed a most remember and which we wish to ensatisfying meal. joy again.

The first night at the Chautauqua On Friday afternoon a banquet was getacquainted night. Each was held. Special guests were

mother found out all she could about present, including two women from the mother on her left and then told the general board of the YWMIA. We

the group. Mother and daughter, enjoyed their messages and also the

best friends, and sister groups, were rest of the fine program which was in the crowd. I had five sisters there, a fitting climax to another successful

and what fun we had telling family Chautauqua.

stories on each other. After this After the banquet the busses came

program we went upstairs and donned to take us home. We said goodbye

our best evening apparel and came to friends with the promise that we

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS back down. Someone played a would try to come back again the

OF HOUSEWIVES... march on the piano, and we had the next year. The house mother told

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS finest pajama parade you ever saw. us she had enjoyed us just as she

Back upstairs in bed we still found had told the fifteen hundred girls time to laugh and tease each other she had taken under her wing the in friendly fun before going to sleep. same summer. We left this holidayS$STARCHING There were many things to do at home with a feeling that our lives

Chautauqua. Some of the mothers had been made a little more comwent on hikes; some read, played plete, a little richer somehow. It

games, or just visited. There were was nice to be going home, too. We

experts in ceramic painting and artihad something to think and talk ficial flowermaking who came up to about, and something to smile about teach us. A beauty operator came for a long, long time—maybe even

one afternoon and prettied up some until time for the next mother's of the mamas, while the rest of us Chautauqua!

Use it HOT or COLD at about %c per quart

Enjoy Easy, Beautiful Ironing Get QUICK ELASTIC today i

heart Nestled in the of the Mountains, with a clear view of the Wasatch glacier on

Girls'brings the old. a real j buyIf youQUICKpreferELASTICa liquid LIQUIDstarch, Timpanogos, outdoor experience to young and Home

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BOOK REVIEWS

Get Added Food Value From THE BOOK OF MORMON MESSAGE AND EVIDENCES(Franklin S. Harris, Jr. Church of Jesus Your Picnic Lunch

Christ of Latterday Saints, Salt Lake

City. 212 pages. 1953. Sixty cents.)

"Cor missionary and general use, this book replaces Seven Claims of the

Book of Mormon, previously published under the authorship of John A. Widtsoe and Franklin S. Harris, Jr. It includes some data from that previous

publication, with significant additions and deletions and a different organization outline. and present work The

principally ofcomes a series from SunIN MILK day evening radio talks that were preTable Queen Bread gives you Add to the pleasure of intersented the on evening Church Sunday maximum energy and food mountain scenery, by enjoying service Harris Dr. in 1946, by which

because it's made the sandwiches made with nourishwere widely requested. The seventeen value—

chapters, and appendices, give, in a new "richmilk"way. ing Table Queen Bread.

brief and readily usable manner, many helps for the study and appraisal of Salt Lake City ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Ogden the Book of Mormon, and include comments on language, literary content, archeological, doctrinal, cultural, and Classes in all types of office other evidences.

This promises to be a widely used volume. R. L. E.HOSEA STOUT SHORTHAND* Regular classes in Gregg Simplified Shorthand for

UTAH'S PIONEER STATESMAN beginning, intermediate and advanced students.

(Wayne Stout, 1107 East South Temple, this system turns longhandSalt Lake City. 1953. $4.00.) * HighSpeedinto shorthandLonghandfast and—easy.

Although the organization might * Other classes in Bookkeeping, Typing, Office Mahave been perfected for easier readchines, and many others.

ing by the average layman, the book has a tremendous amount of interest in it. The very name of the protagoFALL QUARTER BEGINS

nist, Hosea, proves of interest because SEPTEMBER 7 his parents felt that the world needed another prophet of mercy and kindCall or write for further information.

ness.

Year by year approach has something to recommend it, but also eliminatesthe possibility of evaluation. The reBUSINESS COLLEGE

port of the China Mission is most inof Brigham Young University teresting and important.—M. C. J. 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

THE ALBERT PETTY FAMILY IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

B. Petty.(Charles Deseret News Press, Your Bookdealer now has.. Aids in treatment of Canker, simpleSalt City. pages. Lake 322 1954.)

sore throat and other minor mouth ""Phis history of a family is beautifully and throat irritations.

prepared and a credit to the Pettyfamily. The illustrations, several of Gospel

them in color, add to the interest and HALL'S REMEDY enhance the book. The book has two Salt Lake CityUtahsections: the history and the genealogy. Ideals

The types of paper used have been carefully selected to reproduce both the Selections from the written of matter the cuts the and TULIPS Discourses of IN U.S. 100 SIZE BULBS BLOOMING is It $3 a credit tofamily the members. gorgeous bulb of Every

4"Unusual3'/j'large as Half colore.around a to assortmentcircumference—that it sparedfamily to expense no make "bargain"grade. small the Dollar not Order PRESIDENT asNOW

fall planting. O.D.'s, C. we'll time at shipthis treasure to to a pass volume and varioffers Nochoicest please. bestFALL CATALOGfor NEW DAVID O. McKAY eties Trees, Narcissus, Fruit of Tulips, Dwarf to the Petty honoron in Fruits Evergreens, Perenand Roses, Shrubs.

today. It's Prices. Write nials.—Lowest FREE

/. C. Mich. 40, Bridqman, Box NURSERIES, WHITTEN THE descendants.—M.

AUGUST 1954 607 Your Page

Monterery, California Dear Editors:

appreciate receiving the Era, and I am especially interested in

I Hugh Nibley's series, "New Approaches to Book of Mormon

Study."Many thanks to the author for his efforts in this work.

Yours truly, /s/ Don. R. Merrill

Tremonton, Utah DearT I 'he Editors:members of our family consider The Improvement Era a

*- wonderful Church magazine and my husband, Owen L.

Brough, has subscribed to it consecutively for fortysix years, so you can see how important it is to us.

Thank you again.

LONG BEACH M I A CHORUS ENTERTAINS hi Dora Toone Brough

is of the chorus the ThirdT)ictured Beach above Long MIA Air Base Neuibiberg *- recently (California) East Wards, Stake Beach Long which Munich, Germany first seated, participating Crucifixion."were,rendered Those "The

Editors: Dear left right; torow, Betty Mulhern, Beverly Douglas, Arlene White,

I S I our have watched in L here Munich, been have D Since row: conductor, Douglas,Robert piano Jennings; Margaret second

of of to a group ten small a group about from grow group Neilson,Teresa Williams; White, Marilyn Zoe Bonnie McCurdy,

clean so inspiring see to or It is indeed sixty more. men many row:top Austin, Allen Robert Barker, Ronald Vaughn, James

are the other that here. over servicemen the men I know among Laster Robins, Martin. andDuggan, Reported George Pubby

I opportunihad make. have every watching movement many we licity Director.

ties to speak to my fellow companions of the gospel and of religion itself. It does my heart good to know that people do appreciate

Camp George the high standards of our living in the Church. I might say that

North Korea'I am indeed thankful for this opportunity of being in the service

Dear Editors: for our country for it is indeed a great test to our faith. On closing

is the for of address. like for leaving Era and to thank you would my prayer is with you I am my change the U S A in IHere

all bless of you. works. your God and May getting days two the like to keep Era. and would

I would just like to express my deepest appreciation for those Sincerely yours, of you who publish the Era. It is a wonderful magazine. It is Gordon H. Weaver

especially a help to the servicemen throughout the world. It has

been a great morale builder to me in this wartorn land to be able to read what our General Authorities have to say.:&: '':: '".':

May the Lord continue to bless your endeavors.

I si Sgt. Carl H. Carpenter

MIA MAIDS TIE ROSE BOUQUET

of Girls (Utah) Lake Ward, Maid Mt. Emmons MoonMia

tied their Stake, their are with rose bouquet who shown leader, Rosabell Ames. Left to right are Mrs. Ames, Ann Boswell,

Josephine Wall, Mary Reay, Bonnie Perkins, Gwendoyln Chapman, and Carolyn Dastrup.

REPORT FROM SERVICEMEN ABOARD USS RANDOLPH

in as that ship the was aboard servicemen Randolph USS LDS left are, seated: Charles the to right, area A. Mediterranean

Merrell, Duncan, Arizona; Horace R. Wheeler, Alamosa, Colorado;

Gayle R. Anderson, Pocatello, Idaho. Standing: John F. Taylor,

San Diego, California; and Vern M. Yates, Salt Lake City.

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

JaZu

the special SoPbuess cfi iu//n-p/y TsulAxiZ \ U4mju{

Snowflake soft, snowwater pure, snowywhite

Chiffon Facials have the.purity... extra absorbency..

that comes only from multirinsing in pure Cascade snow... specially made forparticular people. - water. Chiffon

Ahe/ pare Baby Soft ChiJTon... S&i

..---- {W-y for particular people, too... the same

**& wonderful quality in Chiffon

F"""""'.-*'TwinPly Napkins

Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954

,, darina tne (jooaJhinas &ftfe

Dear Son: "Old Faithful"really means a great deal to Dad and me. Oh, we don't mean

the Yellowstone geyser—that's just one of the famous sights we've seen since

Dad retired. Dad teases me about it, but "Old Faithful"is my special name for

that Beneficial Life retirement check that comes to us every month, regular as clockwork.

If you and Mary don't mind a word of advice, I'd like to suggest that you see your local Beneficial agent soon. It's now while you're young and the children

are growing up that you need protection most—and you can see that retirement

income comes in mighty handy when you're older, too.

We're having loads of fun... wish you were here.

Love, Mom BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company

David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City - Utah