IMPROVEMENT

A.

tWii vx> x.:"-i

PURITY BlSCUri n O ftiteisXi m

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

HPHE largest turtle that ever lived was the Colossochelys atlas, of the hills of northern India. It was four to five

feet high and had a sevenfoot shell.

The individual tortoise positively known to have lived the longest survived for at least 152 years, possibly two hundred years, on Mauritius

Island in the Indian Ocean. It was the

last of its kind.

hese are the finest Chocolate Drop Cookies we've ever mode... the finest you

ever tasted! They're "

loaded with tasteexciting chocolate drops and fresh pecan lots of eggs and pure creamery y nuts, butter. Nothing but the finest ever goes

/VER fifteen million books have been into TOWN HOUSE Chocolate published in all languages since the Drop Cookies by Purity!

beginning of printing. Of these different books about ten million are available in libraries in the United States.

The total number of copies has not been estimated.

TR. B. T, HoRTON of Mayo Clinic

has reported that 93 percent of 948 patients who suffered from Buerger's disease were smokers. This disease is

characterized by a constriction and clogging of the arteries by the formation of blood clots, resulting, in severe cases, in removing of the arm or leg to save the patient's life. Dr. S. Silbert

of Mount Sinai Hospital, New York, states he has never seen a typical case Your grocer of Buerger's disease in a nonsmoker in C has these delicious more than one thousand patients TO TOWN HOUSE studied. He further found when smokChocolate Drop Cookies

ing was stopped the disease is arrested In the new gleaming white and in some cases disappears, while package.., fresh from our ovens

continued smoking makes the disease

Salt Lake—Phoenix worse. BISCUIT COMPANY

DECEMBER 1949 793 IHE CHINA MISSION RIDE THE NEW By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM may have entered China by means oi

Head of Political Science Department. occasional individuals shortly after the

University of Utah Christian era. The Nestorians in 635

A. D. however, (called by the Chinese

"The Luminous Religion"), settled

Tt is by no means improbable that one at the Chinese capital and in 638 A. D.

of the most important events of received official court permission to 1949, the year now closing, occurred operate:

on July 14, 1949. It has been an eventful year. Harry Truman began his own... The meaning of the teaching has

SAN FRANCISCO * PORTLAND electedof the termbiggeston Januaryupsets in20, Americanafter one beenwonderful,carefullycalm;examined:it fixes theit is essentialsmysterious,of

pohtical history. The North Atlantic life and perfection; it is the salvation of

it living is beings; the of wealth man. alliance a military Treaty, fostered by

It is it right that should spread through States, the United signed was at the let Empire. Therefore the local

Washington on April 4. A new conficials build a monastery... with twentyof-

stitution and a new peacetime governone regular monks.

ment went into effect for western

Germany, with Dr. Theodor Heuss as Notwithstanding this splendid start,

president, and Dr. Conrad Adenauer the Nestorian Christians were rudely

as first chancellor. Russuppressed in '45 A. D.

sia developed, and acIn the thirteenth century cording to the president /'Nestorians and Roman t h o 1 i c s again penof the United States, g 't C a etonated an atomic etrated China, but again bomb. Britain devalued withered away after

the pound sterling, with 1368 A. D. In the sixnearly thirty nations or teenth century, Europolitical units falling inpean missionaries, parHere's a new, luxury train, to line. All were imticularly Jesuits (Matteo

linking San Francisco and Portland portant events in an important year. Ricci in 1582) made efforts of sorts.

in a 15hour run (7:45 a. m. to 11:15 But it is by no means improbable that It remained for "the opening of China"

p.m.) the fastest in history by 3 hours. centuries hence the events of July 14, to the western nations, around*'1842,

obscure, receive atfor 1949, now may Protestant and Catholic missions to enthe virtually see you can Now far in tention excess of the gain of many substantial footholds. ToDaylight. Pacific tire by Coast

foregoing. mishappened? What A Daylights, our California with gether

sion of the of Christ Church Jesus you the streamliner shows this new Tt is interesting to note that the reSaints officially of Latterday was world's greatest parade of ocean and opened to the Chinese people at Hong stored Church made an initial effort mountain scenery. See Lassen Peak, Kong by Elder Matthew Cowley of at a China mission within a decade of

Shasta Dam's Lake and Pit River the Council of the Twelve, Presidents the opening of China to the "west."

bridge, breathtaking Sacramento Hilton A. Robertson, and Henry Aki At a special conference August 2, 1852,

River Canyon, mighty Mt. Shasta, of the newlyestablished mission presiHosea Stout, James Lewis, and Chapthe Cascade Mountains, the Willamdency, accompanied by their wives, man Duncan were called by President

ette River. and the daughter of the Robertsons. Brigham Young to carry the gospel to

The Shasta Daylight's huge, "SkyChina. The brethren left Great Salt

City 20, sailed 1852, and Lake October picture are especially view"windows estimated, are. Elder Cowley 'T'here 8, Francisco, San 1853. from March designed scenfor viewing mountain in people Asia known 465,000,000 at too, arrived April Kong, They, Hong

ery. "breathing"apparatus A the area located within Chinese, the preas British settlement 27, and 1853—the glass. fogging vents of the All seats expression, geographic in the result embraced a as the acquired of base Opium

are of soft foam rubber. Luggage is "China."This is, or could be, apWar of 1842. Elder Stout reported

safely stored in baggage elevators out proximately onefourth of the human that there were some 250 European of your way. Feathertouch doors race. Accurate census figures are not civilians in Hong Kong "all engaged in

open and close automatically. available. But at least one out of commercial pursuits"(with no time

), plus thousand about one for On your next trip to the Pacific sifiableevery fiveas "Chinese."people in theOpened,world isasclasthe Britishfor religiontroops, described the most

Coast, plan to ride the Shasta Daynears the century twentieth as sort of midstripe, part man.""a vicious The

light. opportunity missionary is the largest the brethnot prosper, did mission and

yet undertaken by the restored Church ren returned home.

of Jesus Christ. In January 1921, Elders David O.

McKay and Hugh J. Cannon visited

/'HiNESE soldiers confronted Roman China, and President McKay, then a S*P legions in the Asiatic middle east member of the Council of the Twelve,

The friendly as early as 36 B. C. Diplomatic and dedicated that land for the preaching

Southern Pacific intervalsmilitary contactsthereafterwerefor severaloccasionedcentuat oflivedthe togospel.see thePresidentfruition McKayof that hasocries. It is possible that Christianity (Conchided on page 863)

794 THE IMPROVEMENT >ERA J

Two

Perfect Gifts

Timed For

Christmas DAVID SJODAHL KING Smooth Cutting

Jiecond isiitant in the 'general

SupennleJ.naf of tl,e Vj W 710 Knife Set

By MARBA C, JOSEPHSON Associate Editor Special $3.98

this with famous SwedSIMMONS it to things commend THEhas NAME of David Sjodahl King Away with dull knives... on many

ish steel set! knife Christmas A

it bears the young man who and treat with serrated that blades to the membership of the Church, as NEVER need sharpening! Ivory

he assumes his new position as second plastic handles!

assistant superintendent to General

Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis of the

King succeeds Elder Y.M.M.I.A. in New Streamlined this position Elder Ralph W. Hardy,

who now'resides in Washington, D.

C, where he is audio director of the

National Association of Broadcasters.

Elder Hardy, however, will retain his Waffle Iron membership on the general board of the Y.M.M.I.A.

Special $5.95 Elder King is the grandson of }. M.

Sjodahl, whose great scholarship and An amazing starstudded value for ability have made him a respected crisper, more delicious waffles at a finish, fully price. Mirrochrome figure in the Church. Sjodahl saving Elder

oval style. guaranteed. Gleaming new translated the Doctrine and Covenants

into the Swedish language; he compiled

a hymn book for the German Saints HOUSEWARESDownstairs Store when he was serving on a mission to

Palestine and Switzerland; and he also

was asked by the General Authorities to present a Book of Mormon to King Mail Orders To

Oscar II of Sweden. Elder King is MARGOT MANNERS, ZCMI

the son of Elder William H. and Vera Salt Lake City, Utah

Sjodahl King. Please send me:

Elder David S. King was born in Knife Sets at 3.98 set. 18c postage.

Salt Lake City, June 20, 1917. His Waffle Irons at 5.95 ea. 20c postage.

father had been elected to the U. S. Charge Cash C.O.D

Senate the year before David was Nome Addressborn, in living the and family was

Washington, D. C. However, Mrs. City Zone State

King was in Salt Lake on a visit at Residents of Utah please add 2% Sales Tax.

the time of David's birth. David comiConcIuded on page 797)

DECEMBER 1949 795- <=>L)ecembi

NUMBER 12

OF EDUCATION DEPARTMENT ASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENT QUORUMS, MUTUAL THE PRIESTHOOD nFFiriAL ORGAN OF SAINTS OF LATTERDAY OF JESUS CHRIST OF THE CHURCH AGENCIES OTHER NA/A AND MUSlCraSiTTEE,

The Editor's Page "At This Season"- George Albert Smith 801

Church Features

Chastity ----- J* Reuben Clark, Jr. 803

The Sunday School Looks Forward David O. McKay 804

The Archives of Holland Archibald F, Bennett 810

Mission to Polynesia VII Doyle L. Green 812

General Superintendency of the Descrct Sunday School Union;

Retiring Superintendent Milton Bennion Marba C. Josephson 814815

Evidences and Reconciliations: CXL—Are There Many Gods?

John A. Widtsoe 833

The Church Moves On 798 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column—835

Melchizedek Priesthood 834 The Presiding Bishopric's Page—.836

THIS delightful caroler is usherSpecial Features ing in the Yuletide season for our many readers. The cover is an

David Sjodahl King - -Marba C. Josephson 795 H. Armstrong Roberts photograph

My Testimony Joanna Bogason 802 adapted to cover use by Nelson

White. Goddard 805 - Verna Appreciation W. Apron Strings—Home

- 817 C. Josephson Marba F'un - Holiday

Salvation in Goethc*s Faust - Llewelyn R. McKay 821 Editors

823 Salmon Linton Louise Fright Stage Overcoming

- - Jr. L. Zobell, Albert ".., it being Christmas"826 GeorgeJohn A. AlbertWidtsoeSmith

On The Children's Bookrack - - 828 Managing Editor

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 830 Richard L. Evans

Editor Assistont Managing Gift June Wrapping, Thrifty Franklin the Universe, Exploring

L. Doyle Green 840 -- -- Feulner -793 S. Harris. Jr Editor Associate Feasting, Healthful Holiday Mission, Times, China: These The Josephson C. Viarbo 843 Shafer Bessie 794 G.—Durham Homer Monoger Generol—- - 846 the Bookrack Family Today's On—R, Curtis Elbert

- -872 Ours and Page Your the Tree840 Christmas Trimming Associate Manager

Bertha S. Reeder

Business Manager John D. Giles

Our Sunday School Jubilee John A. Widtsoe 832 Editorial Associates

Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Albert L. Zobell, Jr,

Stories, Poetry Advertising Director

Verl F. Scott

808 Knowles Mary Chest The Teakwood Representatives Advertising National R. 818 Albert Lyman Firing the Fort on Los The and Francisco Son -.Line—XV S. Townsend,

Associates, New Walker Sherman John Sadler & Sangston 824 Angeles;Edward Christmas D, O. C.

York; LytleNiemon, Chicago..

Season, Sherman..832 Leah Christmas Frontispiece, Deseret Christmas,

856 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations Williams B. Y. Small Gifts, 799 Grace Sayer

The Poetry Page - 800

of Association Mutual Improvement Men's Inc., Young the of a Corporation Funds, by 1949 Mutual Copyright

in a year, price, 52,50 Subscription reserved. rights All Saints. Christ of Latterdoy of Jesus the Church

single copy. subscriptions, in advance; foreign a year, $3.00 25cExecutive and advance;

Editorial Offices: Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special

rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

50 North Main Street The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

Salt Lake City 1, Utah All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

slip include address please change, ordering a notice required of address. days for change When Change of Address: Fifteen

the well as as old address unless the issue of recent changes the magazine. be mode cannot from a Address

new one is included.

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA David Sjodahl King ( Concluded from page 795 ) pleted his primary and secondary education in Washington, D. C. He then

returned to Salt Lake City, entering the University of Utah, from which institution he was graduated in 1937 with a major in economics.

Following his graduation from the for Christmas Joy

University of Utah, he was called to where he British Missionthe served with to Washyears. He returned for two

ington after completing an honorable mission and studied at GeorgetownLaw School, from which he received TAVERN his law degree in 1942.

In addition to his mission Elder King CANDLES has always been active in the Church.

He has been a member of three stake Available in a variety of sparkling high councils: in the Washington, D. sets to keynote the charm of all

C, stake, and in the Ensign and the your Holiday home decorations.

East Millcreek stakes of Salt Lake Ask to see the exciting new

City. Prior to and during that time Tavern Christmas Tree Orhe engaged in teaching in both the naments and other ChristSunday School and the Young Men's mas novelty candles at your

Mutual organizations, serving in local department stores, practically every department of each gift shops, and other retail association. In fact, during the past stores.

fifteen years not a year has passed without Elder King's being engaged in some kind of teaching. For the past

four years, in addition to his active legal career. Elder King has taught

morning seminary classes at South

High School in Salt Lake City, where the students have learned to admire him and respect his judgment.

The Word of Wisdom lies close to

Elder King's heart, and he has helped in the promotion of Word of Wisdom clubs; he is president of one of the

five clubs now fully organized. He

believes that if we understand fully the import of the entire Word of Wisdom, we shall. become indeed a healthy

people and have greater mental awareness as a result of that health.

Elder King has other interests that indicate his wellrounded life. As a

youth he collected coins. He has always been fond of swimming and

hiking. He also hkes music and states

somewhat ruefully that he used to be able to play the piano until his numerous activities crowded it out. But he

still enjoys playing for his own and his family's entertainment. He is a

great reader and a talented speaker, having a particularly keen interest in debating. He excels in counseling. His

political activity placed him as attorney for the Utah Senate in 1947. He was

probably the youngest attorney to hold that position.

He and his wife Rosalie Lehner

King have established a home for their three children in the East Millcreek area of Salt Lake City. And if there

is a first in Elder King's interests, it lies in being with his family and trying to bring a happy development to them. DECEMBER 1949 TAVERN CANDLES797

THE CHIRCH MOVES ON

voice J. LeeMaster. Each SEPTEMBER 1949 chorus,representeddirectedone thousandby Vernonmembers that the Sunday School

O f: Elder John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the was striving for by the end of 1949.

Twelve addressed the first meeting of an interdenominational religious service, an innovation this year J The First Presidency announced the appointment at Utah State Agricultural College, Logan. of Benjamin L. Bowring, recorder of the Salt Lake

G. Carlos Smith, formerly first counselor in the Big Temple, to preside over the TexasLouisianna Mission,

Cottonwood (Utah) Stake, was sustained as president, succeeding Glenn G. Smith, President Bowring, second

succeeding Irvin T. Nelson. The new counselors are counselor in the Salt Lake Stake presidency, has filled

Rex C. Reeve, formerly second counselor, and Zelph Y. a fullterm and a shortterm mission in the South. He

Erekson. has been a temple ordinance worker for many years

E. Garrett Barlow, formerly first counselor in the and was supervisor of the temple baptismal department

Inglewood California) Stake, was sustained as president, from 1938 to 1942. He has been a Temple Square guide

succeeding Alfred E. Rohner. His counselors are Austin for sixteen years. Mrs. Bowring and a thirteenyear-old

'on will accompany him to the mission field. Gudmundsen and Clinton R. Cameron. The rrtrinq

second counselor is John A. Garrick. The First Presidency announced the appointment of

Waldo M. Andersen as president of the Northern States

The annual Relief Society Conference convened, Mission, succeeding Dr. W. Creed Haymond, President

with morning sessions for stake and mission officers Andersen is second counselor in the Ensign (Salt Lake in departmental meetings, and an afternoon meeting for ReCity) Stake, and regional work director of the Salt Lake lief Society members and the general public. The reRegion of Church welfare. He is a former Sunday School

sponsibility of women in obtaining good o[ovcrn:ient w?t=. superintendent and former bishop of the Ensign Ward.

urged. Mrs. Andersen is a former counselor in the general

Escrow proceedings were begun by Church officers presidency of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement in Los Angeles to obtain the Gay Engineering Co. property Association. Their only son is now a missionary in the

between 11th and 12th Street on Soto in East Los Angeles Northern States Mission.

as a welfare square. The property occupies more than

107,000 square feet and will house Dcseret Industries, (I President George Albert Smith oedicated the bishops* storehouse, and other welfare activities innewly-remodeled chapel of the Grantsville Ward, cluding some major projects now in the planning stage. Grantsville (Utah) Stake.

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve

Q Relief Society conference sessions continued, and dedicated the Santa Clara ward chapel, St, George (Utah) were addressed by Relief Society leaders and by Stake.

President George Albert Smith, President J. Reuben Clark, Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant to the Council

Jr., and Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin. of the Twelve, dedicated the Goshen Ward chapel,

SantaquinTintic Stake.

9 A The onehundred twentieth semiannual general con- "The Voice of Scripture."readings from the Book

ference of the Church began. It continued October of Mormon by Francis L. Urry and Roy B. Gibson,

1 and 2. (Addresses of the General Authorities at this began on the Church radio hour on KSL. The series

conference were printed in the November Era.) For replaces one given by A. Hamer Reiser, first assistant

the first time in history, the proceedings were televised. general superintendent of the Deseret Sunday School

Previous conferences, beginning in April 1948, had used Union.

television to transmit the conference by cable to various College Hill Ward, East Cache (Utah) Stake was overflow congregations assembled on Temple Square. organized from parts of the Logan Tenth Ward and the

Canyon Heights Branch, which branch was discontinued.

OCTOBER 1949 Sustained as the bishop of the new ward is Aubrey H.

Parker.

S. McDonald, I PresidentIt was announcedof Brighamthat YoungDr. HowardUniversity, had ac- 1 A Dr. Sidney B. Sperry, Brigham Young University,

cepted the presidency of the new Los Angeles State began a sixweeks'series of discussions on the Book

College of Applied Arts and Sciences. He also has been of Mormon, at Barratt Hall, Salt Lake City, sponsored by

appointed director of the Los Angeles City College. the Lion House Social center, in conjunction with the

Y. M. and Y. W. M. I. A.

2 The centennial conference of the Deseret Sunday School Union was held in the Tabernacle. 1 1 It was announced that Dr. Christen Jensen, dean'

Speakers included President George Albert Smith, Presiemeritus of the graduate school, had been selected dent David O. McKay, and General Superintendent as acting president of Brigham Young University, succeedGeorge R. Hill. Featured during the session was the ing Dr. Howard S, McDonald.

filling of a box with Sunday School mementos to be opened at a hence. fifty years Sunday conference School The University this Brigham Young that announced 1 2 of piecesbox of fifty constructed beautifully had been students year were foreign sixteen enrolled from

wood, each from a part of the world where the lattercountries and from practically every state of the American day Sunday Schools are functioning. Music for the conUnion.

ference was furnished by a five hundred voice youth (Continued on page 846) 798 THE IM'-'ROVEMENT ER \

-K

-X

-X

QltirtatmaH

By GRACE SAYRE

—Photograph by Josef Muench

-k

once thought of Christmas as a scent of pine 1 And prickhng holly, with bells of mistletoe,

The warm gleam of church windows, choirs chime,

And jingling sleighbells over new fallen snow.

But here, on Christmas Eve, from the estern sky

The one great star like a blessing, shone

On a lone desert shack, and I saw nearby

Gaunt Joshuas stand, like worshipers alone.

In my heart I felt no night or morn

Could match this moment's beauty.

Old ways I do not miss I remember only, Qur Blessed Lord was born

On such a night, in such a land as this.

DECEMBEk 1949 799 IN TRUST EARTH WILL WAKEN ONCE IN THE YEAR

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard By Gay Winquist By Maude Ludington Cain

T FOUND an ancient locket. Joseph's invaded voice angel's to earth for fortitude. A N 'pATiENCE—look Tarnished out and of place:'** dreams: is rebel to incessant rain, She no

it I Regarding touched a spring thyself, Child, and the thou. "Arise, Take its pulse has slowed to beat *-Whose suddenly And face a wife chastened mood,

at out Looked me, revealing there it for seems Egypt, into hasten the Spring's return toAnd Waiting again. leap smile of charm A and grace. the Baby's take would wrath Herod's That tree starklimbed holds Each of memory

life."green;

a year, at Christmas sleeping them peered upon Joseph Then of Winter remembers wind whir And touch a hidden spring, So,We once there wings:

life's through And dust and tarnish blind, stable's purple the Halfhidden by lips that at suckle breast. Earth's The shines, a Joy radiant thing his care, to entrusted precious hves Those unseen,

something its of And glow remains in heart the doubt against fought and in sleep. their And hungering Are wise The

... us With remembering. mind. heart clings

But Mary, gently waked from needed To dreams of summer and admits no rest, dearth anxious not his questioned and Arose tone. Of hope—tuned to the muted earth. THE GIFT OF PEACE

the her breast Child secure upon She made

Where fortitude and peace were hers alone, By Amy Brunec Almy of to think weariness paused Nor joyous Christmas time of liriib. HPhe again is here,

before she months Long.had"accepted countless With carols praising Jesus'him. birth

While candles everywhere send out their

LITTLE SHEPHERD LEFT TO In allcheer.this time of happiness and mirth, 'WATCH * Exchanging gifts is uppermost. "We say,

wise "The men brought their gifts of

By Anobcl Armoiir J, myrrh gold and

And frankincense to where the Christ Child 'TsHE smallest shepherd of them all lay.

. Watched there b<jsidc the sheep. Shall we not, then, bring gifts an hundredAnd saw the soft blue shadows fall fold?"

And could not rest nor sleep; But, Christian folk, bring gifts that shall

For starlight still lay on his eyes endure,

And he could hear the song To worship Christ. Hear now, his loving

The angels chanted down the skies—call:

night the though And quiet of Bethlehem He thought was long.—Photograph from Three Lions "Bringpoor.help and kindness to the sick and

And wished tht hf had been Show mercy, tolerance, and love to all.

tOiSgo Stalwart enough find the sacred ibn; To with them PEACE TheSo eachgift shallof peacebringonagainearth,andgoodyet willagain,to

that of the paths knowing Not earth By Beulah Huish Sadleir men."

far. strarif sometimes and Wind

birth night a Baby's And that this its childhood Touched with IS SO SHORT A TIME star! npHERE-* The ispeacepeacethatin liftsmy itselfgardento meettonight,the CHRISTMAS

early star. By Elaine V. Emans

SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS ThenOf God.rises higher to touch the palm CHRISTMAS is so short a time

it inspires: all that the cheer For its animated blows By Bessie Wolvington Returning—it fellowship. laughter Holly and and growing Breath over every new

fires. Yulelog flame candle and And Thing. explain the can sentiment

bringsWHOThat Christmas is time so short each year? There Christmas a was peace in Gethsemane's garden

of a sense warmth,A the all the kindness evident Master knelt against the mamFor hatreds spent When fear. of banishmentWith recently. moth it was rock—unknown Where

sent. greetings the prayed unnumbered And And

heartfelt of brotherhood glowA that might In such he make a humble allEnvelops mankind; short is so to the say, journey Chirstmas a time The

'waycross—and alike stand understood andMen them. carols, will, sing loving the not be done. mine "Thy To

toCommuning mind. mind the would to adore Babe who And

Silent, beautiful peace was in the Be born in our hearts, as in Bethlehem.

If but the concord of this day Early sunshine morning

Should not tomorrow cease, That penetrated its way through

Then we would forest to lay shady surely find a way The everlasting peace.To Holy the hand upon boy its who ANGEL MORONI

Prayed for truth By Elizabeth Cannon Porter his fervent It warmed life's parting beyond Hope plea forhour—ATOP the highest peak of temple spire THE LITTLE ROADS That spears the azure sky with glint

That gold. of was no boy-—but a day—he By Grace Sayre Prophet man. put trumpet to your lips like crier You

fold. Tonight, this within to garden call Master's tried the the ones space—To the little roads to town A LL soil, the I touch is day, of and lithe at break beautiful who and How* once Where I heard it the lark and to There say sunset does not hold against glowing and warmed Or

thrush. of drops Some that blood sky,

Are covered with'snow's eider down. Sealed the testimony of to pray faith that teaches men You herald

Quiet plush. winter now in Divinity. That purify. troubles from earth's they That may

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tIjtH tasan fAt ff

By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

//Lay our (bavior s peace he in ifour home this

hoiiaay season, ana throughout the coming year.

pEACE I leave with you, my peace I give gratitude what the Lord has done for us—

unto you: not as the world giveth, give and what he is yet willing to do if we and

1 unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, our families will only be faithful.

neither let it be afraid."(John 14:27.) Let us live so that our homes will be

These are reassuring words from the sanctuaries to our own boys and girls and

Prince of Peace to his faithful followers. those who come there as friends. Let us

Surely there is nothing men need more than call our families about us, and if we have the blessings of peace and happiness and failed in the past to give them an understandhearts free from fear. And these are offered ing of the purposes of hfe and a knowledge

all of us if we will but be partakers of them. of the gospel of our Lord, let us do it now,

and as a servant of the Lord, I say they need

When the gospel was restored to earth it now, and they will need it from now on. in this dispensation, the Lord repeated what

Let us unite in gratitude and thanksgiving.

he has said so many times in the Old and Let us appreciate the blessings of our lives.

New Testaments, that the price of peace Let the light of peace and love abound within and happiness is righteousness. Notwithus, that every soul we touch will be richer

standing this knowledge, there are many who because of us. Let us remember the unappear to think that we can obtain happiness fortunate. Let us be generous in our

in some other way, but we should all know thoughts, and let us be generous with our by this time that there is no other way. And substance to all who are less fortunate.

yet by his cunning craftiness Satan has perIf we seek our Heavenly Father in prayer, suaded the majority of mankind from walkwe shall not be misled by the sophistries of ing in the way that will insure happiness, and men and the foohshness of those that imagine he is still busy. The adversary of righteousthings that are vain. And know this, that ness never sleeps.

it is within our power to know not only toBut by following the teachings of the day and tomorrow, not only at this season,

Lord, by turning unto him and repentbut also now and forever, that God is God, ing of sin, by going about doing good, we and that Jesus is the Christ, that Joseph proshave happiness peace and and may Smith a prophet. was will know this We

If will perity. another, mankind love one are keeping the of when we commandments

the hatred and the unkindness that have our Heavenly Father.

existed so much in the world will pass away.

I am thankful to the Lord for the blessings

I pray that the Spirit of the Lord may be that are ours at this season. I am grateful

in our hearts and in our homes, and that for everything we enjoy. I think him for

we may have wisdom to set our houses in the companionship of honorable men, women, order while there is yet time. I hope that and children, and for the faithfulness of all

we may look upon this sea.son as a time for who are anxious to know his desires for us, family reunions; that we may gather around

their hearts saying: "Father are and who in us in our homes our children and our chilwill in heaven, enthy show and I will me

dren's children and retell the story of the deavor to keep thy commandments.**

Savior and what his mission means to man- I know that God lives. I know that Jesus

kind, and explain to them the restoration of is the Christ. I know that Joseph Smith was

the gospel in our day, and count our bless- a prophet of the Lord. I have never been

ings and acknowledge with humility and {Concluded on page 831)

The Editor's Pae

DECEMBER 1949 801,<oanna Sofason My Testimony

1873 a group of Icelanders gospel and resigned from his dea-; Si -S iC'*r-=f'*-''J, 'i*,"*. ""t-V >!'

IN settled in the German colony of conship in the Lutheran Church.

Curityba, Brazil, approximately But Eirikur had now become inthree hundred miles south of Sao terested in the Reorganized Church,

Paulo. Among them were Magnus and he tried to convince Magnus

Isfeld, a religiously inclined young that the Reorganized Church was man, and his brotherin-law, Jonas right. However, the gospel seed

Johnson. had taken root, and Magnus was

As soon as Jonas had accumucertain that he had the truth allated enough money, he made a ready.

trip to Iceland with the intention of marrying his fiancee and settling in Iceland. But when he arrived,

Jonas found his sweetheart had ''RiTTEN in Icelandic married another. Disconsolate, he a letter with an

returned to Brazil. inquiry about the Lord's

While he was in Iceland, he heard much adverse publicity contrue gospel was tossed cerning the Latterday Saints. He from a speeding train to

bought some antiMormon literalie hidden in winter's ture and took it to Brazil, knowing snows for many months, his religious brotherin-law would but it finally reached the JOANNA(AGEBOGASON17} enjoy reading it. Magnus, being very person ivho cotdd

thoroughly versed in the Bible, read it. epidemic came the next winter, and

began reading, but he couldn't find in January, 1919, he and three of anything in Latterday Saint teach- -K his children died within several ings contrary to the teachings in the days.

Bible. He desired to learn more Revolutions were always breakPrior to this, a young man had

about the Church. He was uning out in Brazil. To keep his left Iceland to seek his fortunes in

familiar with the English language eldest boy from having to fight for the new world. He came to work

but knew that there was a settlewhat he thought was a senseless for the Isfelds. They were always

ment of Icelanders in Spanish Fork, struggle, Magnus hid him once for talking Mormonism to him; being

Utah, so he addressed a letter there. several months. Finally the famof an argumentative nature, he

It so happened that the mail ily sacrificed a thriving brick busiwanted to reconvert them to clerk on the train was a young ness and started for California and Lutheranism. In order to do this,

Icelander who couldn't read the the Imperial Valley. But because he had to read their books. After

language. As his father was a there was a large Icelandic settlemuch reading and finally finishing

native Icelander and the section ment in Saskatchewan and the atthe complete history of the Latterforeman, the mail traction of free day Saints, he was convinced that clerk took the lib- ''J'o disprove the seemhomesteads, the he was wrong and the Isfelds were settled Isfelds of a erty tying in right; baptized. This so he was ing false doctrines of in 1903. letter to the rock Canada the of events chain was way my the Latterday Saints, my it later throwing his and father, obtained Ten years Geir Bogason,

close to the secfather, a staunch LuMagnus was testimony, and it is now part of tion house where theran, read the complete stricken with a my testimony.

he expected his history of the Church... serious illness. All My testimony is like a patchwork

father would find and then httmbly asked for the available docquilt which is made up of treasured it. But several baptism. tors told the fambits of material, pieced together to

days later, when ily he couldn't make something beautiful, warm, he returned home and asked possibly live until morning. Someand protective. The pieces of my

his father what was in the time during the night he came testimony consist of many and letter, his father said he didn't oiit of the coma. He told varied evidences: the interesting

know what letter he was talking the family that he wasn't gostory of how the gospel finally about. They went to look for it ing to die, that he would live to reached my father, the influence

but couldn't find it. However, in be baptized and therl'shortly die. of my Sunday School arid Mutual

the spring when the thaws came, In, 1917, the first missionaries that teachers, the guidance of our good the letter was found. It was turned he had ever met came to Saskatchebishop and my parents, the fervent

over to Eirikur Olafsson, and he wan, and late in the autumn he, his testimonies of others, and that feelimmediately began corresponding wife, and several of his children ing of peace and joy that always with Magnus in Brazil. Magnus bewere baptized* True to his comes over me in the house of the

came convinced of the truth of the prophecy, though, the influenze {Concluded on page 847) 802 THF IMPROVr**'-MT cpA From an address delivered at the General Priesthood meeting of the 120th semiannual general conference, October 1, 1949, in the Tabernacle.

v6{j j-ire6ldent. Keabevi Liatk, r

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY 'T'he Ten Commandments contain two provipractices in preChristian and early Christian sions I wish specially to note: times, against which the Lord again and again

lashed out to ancient Israel and to early Christians.

adultery. commit not shalt "Thou in on chastity given can be A work one senwife."thy neighbour's covet not shalt thou tence, tells two words: everything. Be chaste! That 20:14, 17.) (Exodus

You do not need to know all the details of the

It seems to me that the besetting sin today is reproduction processes in order to keep clean.

sensuality, sex perversion, sex indulgence. Be chaste because God commanded it. That is

There is some belief, too much I fear, that sex all there is to it, "Thou shalt not commit adultery,"desire is planted in us solely for the pleasures of said the Lord at Sinai, and he has drawn no fine full gratification; that the begetting of children is distinctions such as some would like to draw beonly an unfortunate incident. The direct opposite is tween adultery and fornication. The Lord used

the fact. Sex desire was planted in us in order to the words interchangeably. (See Matt. 5:32.)

be sure that bodies would be begotten to house As to sex in marriage, the necessary treatise on the spirits; the pleasures of gratification of the that for Latterday Saints can be written in two '

desire is an incident, not the primary purpose of sentences: Remember the prime purpose of sex

the desire. desire is to beget children. Sex gratification must

Remembering that fact, many problems will be had at that hazard. You husbands: be kind

disappear, particularly the one presented by those and considerate of your wives. They are not your

who seek full gratification without begetting chilproperty; they are not mere conveniences; they are

dren. your partners for time and eternity.

Our art, literature, drama, movies, television, If you would be chaste, as God has commanded, practices that arouse the music, the "ads"in magazines—in great part run to then avoid conduct and

sex. It seems to have become the uppermost passions. A wise and pure boy or girl, one that

thought in many minds. It colors their whole wishes to be clean, will not "pet"nor "neck"nor

lives. This is all wrong. A mind engrossed in "loveplay,"nor practice any other undue physical

sex is not good for much else. famiharity, by whatever name known. At best

Unchastity is too common. It is in our schools, these are gross and provocative indiscretions; at

from the graders up. It is in our business houses worst they are the preludes to certain and, too

and industrial plants. It is too large a part of our frequently, planned transgressions. They are all

ordinary social life. unclean in the sight of the Lord. If youth will

itself, reclothe will decently if it these, abandon Parents are effort to grasping in at an straws lost largely cultivate virtue—it and modesty—a hold their children. cry the that Church is raised A chastity, which to the road on a long way be needs a book a will sex. such on should But what eternal and here happiness untarnished will bring ie\\l book sex taught Already schools the have

facts ad nauseam. All their teachings have but joy in the hereafter.

I say to youth, I say to you young torn away the modesty that once clothed sex; And what

their discussions tend to make, and sometimes married people who are said to be, in many cases, seem to make, sex animals of our boys and girls. far too lax in your morals. What may unchaste

The teachings do little but arouse curiosity for parents expect from their children, except unexperience. It is said these courses tell enough chastity?

about the generation of human beings to enable And with all this unchastity comes the great the youth largely to escape parenthood. Books evils of divorce, which is increasing amongst us

are written, courses are given about courtship and at a wholly undue rate. The Lord has made clear

marriage. To what point? We have not too far from the beginning that these things are not

to go to get to the heathenish abominations and pleasing in his sight.

DECEMBER 1949 803 ke

INDAY

and eternal life. An institution,

therefore, that makes heaven its aim, and childhood its obligation, is one with which every loyal heart should desire to be associated. Such

an organization is the Deseret Sunday School Union.

My topic is "Toward What the Sunday School is Looking in the

Future."First: The Sunday School looks

forward to the time when every girl and boy, every man and woman will be enrolled as a member.

The Sunday School began in 1 849 with one superintendent and teacher and thirty pupils. It required fortyseven years—from

1849 to 1896—for the Sunday

School membership to reach the first one hundred thousand. The

impetus of that onehundred-thousand group added another one hundred thousand in eighteen years.

-Photograph by Hal Rumcl, courtesy of the Sunday School general board. With this multiple force of two hunArnold Friberg's centennial painiing of Richard Baliantyne's First Sunday SchoolColor prints dred thousand, only seventeen years

of this painting will soon be available through the Deseret Sunday School Union. were required—1914 to 1931—to

top the threehundred-thousand "... Simon, son o[ Jonas, to be written the aspirations or mark. Think what gains are possible

lovest thou me move than achievements of a lifetime. Whether during the next ten years with the

these?"Simon answered, "Yea, that life's scroll shall become a accumulated momentum of over four

Lord; thou knowest that I love biography of a noble, Christlike hundred and seventy thousand, the

thee,"Jesus said unto him. soul, or a series of blots and blemtotal membership of the Union at

"Feed my lambs."ishes depends largely, if not enthe present time!

(John 21:15.) tirely, upon guiding influences of If every student, every pupil, will

parents, playmates, and teachers. make it his or her obUgation to

was the divine injunction In the formation of character and bring in one new member, you inwill have, with the apphcation of SUCHgiven by the Risen Lord to guidance of childhood, parental

Peter, his chief Apostle, emfluence is greatest, but next comes just this one means, nearly a milphasizing the fact that the proper the teacher's. lion membership. Further than that,

training of childhood is man's most There is true nobility in the soul no teacher must be satisfied until important and sacred duty. of that man or woman who sincerely she makes an effort to have every

Children at birth are the most dedesires and strives to lead children boy and girl enrolled who in age pendent and helpless of all creaout of contaminating influences into and ability belong to her class.

tures, yet they are the sweetest an environment of high ideals and The Sunday School looks forward and greatest of all things in the lofty endeavors. to your accomphshing that duty. In

world. They come, or should Next to eternal life, the most handling these seemingly indifferent

come, from the Father pure and precious gift that our Father in ones, fellow teachers, will you undefiled, without inherent taints or heaven can bestow upon man is please keep in mind these three weakness. This is the responsibility his children. Ideals that relate to parables: The Lost Sheep. The

of the parents. Their souls are as God and to little children are inLost Coin, The Prodigal Son. The

stainless white paper on which are dispensable elements to happiness first was lost in his eagerness to 804 THE IMPROVEM''T ER m her heart the desire to awaken a love of the gospel of Jesus Christ, (Address delivered at the general obedience to which brings happiness conference of the Deseret Sunday in this life and salvation throughout

School Union, held in the Salt Lake eternity.

Tabernacle Sunday, October 2, 1949, 7 p.m.) Fourth: The great Sunday

School of the future will have a teacher training class in which not only the active teachers, but alsoiJCHOOL prospective teachers may receive practical instructions in the prepara- c=>Look6 onvard tion lessons. presentation of and

That is an important factor. To

reach the ideals I have mentioned, or even to approach them, the preseek daily sustenance and wandered teacher see clearly 8, p. pared the must far too flock. the coin from was The

to impart. she is message You canlost carelessness of through the

give possess. not what you do not housewife. son beThe prodigal OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY hearts in the of cannot awaken You

his came lost because he desired portion and spent it in profligacy. children a nobility which is not

He did not get back until he came it, fellow teachers, for they named yours. She must know the details

to himself and said, "I will rise and some practical qualities and attriassociated with the incidents of her go to my father."Through study butes which impress childhood. In lesson; must through keen observaand prayer to the best of your that connection, every Sunday tion, and further research and, study,

ability counteract those three enticSchool teacher should come pregather illustrative material; must oring elements as you seek to bring pared to give his lesson. Did you ganize logically the accumulated

back the lost ones. notice the emphasis one of the chilmaterial that it may be presented

Second: The Sunday School dren put upon that? And rightly, the impressively; must exercise discrimlooks forward to the time when in Deseret Sunday School Union looks ination and eliminate that which is

every class in the Sunday School forward to the time when no irrelevant. This requires not only

the principles of punctuality, courteteacher will come unprepared to his study, but also intelligent guidance sy, selfcontrol, respect for auor her class. That means that every which may be given in these teacher

training classes.

thority, studiousness, responsiveteacher will have within his or her

If a lesson thus prepared be deness, and particularly reverence and mind a sincere and prayerful desire worship, will so impregnate the to awaken within at least one heart veloped in an atmosphere of cheeratmosphere that even the dullard by every Sunday (and we hope in fulness, the child cannot help being absorption will be benefited. This many hearts) the desire to achieve interested and inspired, and the

is not dreaming; I am not being mastery over weak and selfish inteacher is doubly blessed. To give a

visionary. The Sunday Schools of dulgences; to awaken even in childlesson well prepared is like mercy

it blesses him that gives and him that receives. It is true in teaching Although President McKay directed this speech to as in life—"Give to the world the

the officers and teachers of the Deseret Sunday School best you have, and the best will

Union, the material that is included in the address should come back to you."

be taken to heart and applied by all officers and teachers Fifth: The Sunday School of this

in every priesthood and every auxiliary organization of century—the beginning of this new

the great import the when messages Church. The are of time the to forward century—looks

to us; closely be aware world is crowding we need in upon of part prepwhen, as a principal

of the everpresent threat to our members if we as leaders aration, every teacher will pray sindo not give the best possible direction to those whom we cerely and earnestly for God's teach. guidance on the day she meets the

children placed under her care.

the future may realize just that hood a hope in the boys to become There is a story told of General ideal atmosphere. noble characters; in the girls, to Charles George Gordon—that

Third: The Sunday School looks become modest, beautiful women. each morning, during his journey in

forward to the time when every To awaken in their hearts the desire the Sudan country, for onehalf hour teacher will possess the qualities to become friends; also to look forthere lay outside his tent a white

well whole camp The will handkerchief. they to the mentioned time when Sunday by these School ward

it meant, upon looked and what knew in loving children tonight.* companions say, "Well, be worthy You respect; fittle signal with the utmost the

that will be perfection."Granted, homes, and, later in life, to be no foot dared to pass the threshold

then, let us do our best to approach worthy of fatherhood and pure of that tent while the little guard lay pressing, there. message, however No ideals true are motherhood. These

in light of mciterial the presentation 'Preparation, Ufe of Matters to be delivered. was practical are of spiritual, the gospel, they but the restored moral upof little until the wait death must and lifting real in short, influence, a gospel,punctuality'—sweet, will have the Finally, teacher ones. 863) on page {Concluded Latterday Saint.

DECEMBER 1949 8G5 rpron

in&imi OME APPRECIATION

heart; neither is any other worthOne girl said, "I never really knew

5u Uerna l/i/. Ljoddam while profession easy. my mother until one day I overheard

With a deep desire to be efficient her praying."The girl had come

in this job of motherhood, you should home from school early and as usual

Youter'swillaccompUshments.have pride in yourYoudaughhave layforce.hold Oneof everyof theavailablegreatestpowerof theseand shelookedapproachedimmediatelythe forlivingmother.room, sheAs

known she was talented from powers is prayer. Prayer for a mother heard her mother talking. Coming

her first appearance as a little girl is as water to the thirsting traveler. closer she realized that her mother was

in the Primary operetta. Since then To take your problems to your praying. As the words became clear,

she has appeared in many forms of Heavenly Father, knowing that he she stood entranced as she heard her

Church activity, as drama, dancing, will hear and answer, brings comfort mother express thanks for all of her organist in the ward; or perhaps she and support. It helps you rise above large family and then mention each

sings beautifully. Perhaps she is a the little earthly things to wisdom and one by name as she enumerated their

peacemaker, a confidante for the great understanding. good qualities and pleaded for wisdom

younger girls, a conductor of a story What joy to teach baby lips their and patience as their mother to help 'our for neighborhood children, or first lisping prayer; to kneel yourself, them overcome their weaknesses. Her

some other wonderful services. Maybe whenever occasion indicates; or to heart beat rapidly when her own name

she is sunny dispositioned, thoughtful, bow as a family, with you or Father was mentioned, and as she listened to and considerate of others; a charming or one of the children praying for all. her mother's prayer for her, tears

girl having a good time with her famIt is interesting to hear the children sprang to her eyes as she realized ily and friends, both girls and boys, express their individual faith and pray that mother did truly understand her as she travels the road to wholesome for the blessings they feel are needed daughter's heart and mind, desires adulthood. by the family. To the surprise of and problems. She stole quietly away

You stand by as her helper; she all, one young daughter prayed, "that before the prayer was finished. In

often comes to you for suggestions, mother would have more patience."her heart was a new understanding

and though you are, no doubt, not When they arose, the mother humbly especially trained in all these fields, said, "Thank you for that prayer, you seek information from one who dear. I will certainly try; will you

is trained, permitting, or time read help readily me?"agreed. She What Qne Girl said, '7 yourself. enrealize the girl didn't on the subject up that mother You was

courage her to accept assignments in was physically ill, that her responsinever really knew the Church and to do her best, realizbilities were extremely heavy, hence in refusing responsiing the the impatience. prayer danger The daughter's my mother until one

bility congiving or answered, mother was a mediocre in always was more performance. To do this is not easy. scious of the need, the Lord gave day I overheard her

Sometimes mothers fail, and daughter added strength, and the whole family is hurt rather than helped. was more helpful and considerate. All praying."

One teenager accepted an assign- v/ere blessed.

ment, neglected her preparation until Faith and prayer go hand in hand.

the last minute, and then rushed How best to teach these things to frantically to her mother for help. your daughter keeps you constantly of her mother, greater confidence, and

After grudgingly giving her the necesalert for opportunities. You know a deeper, stronger love.

sary emergency aid, the mother with that faith is the key to power, and Mornings in the home are busy some heat said, "Don't you ever acwithout it life is empty. There will times, full of chatter and activity,

cept another responsibility. This is be times when you and she will kneel and a mother's mind and hands are

just too much."How much wiser for together as you talk over her parfilled with immediate tasks. But when

that mother to have said, "I'm happy ticular needs with your Heavenly the family is scattered at school or to help you with these assignments; Father. A beautiful relationship is work then comes the time to ponder

they are important to your developdaughter, mother. Heavenly Father. and plan for those loved ones, to check

ment, future power, and joy. But How often you have quickly, silently up on their needs, to evaluate their

the next time let's avoid the embarprayed, "Father, help me,"as she conversation, to think over situations, rassment of a poor performance. Come fired questions at you in quick succesas well as to recharge your own

to me early, and I'll have time to help sion and would brook no delay in the powers and procedures. It may be

you do your best."In this way the answers. The need was great; you that, quickened by a consuming demother could help her keep her are her mother; you must answer corsire for their welfare and sensing your

promise by following through and rectly. Someone said, "not the many, own inability to protect them, you

measuring up. Did anyone say it is but the decisive things shape our pause from your countless tasks and

easy to be a good mother? Take lives."whisper a prayer. With your very

806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A WHOLESOME, HEALTHY FAITH IN GOD AND

HIS WORD, IN CHURCH LEADERS AS CHOSEN AUTHORITY ON EARTH, IN FAMILY,HIS

FRIENDS AND SELF WILL MAKE HER LIFE PURPOSEFUL AND WORTH THE LIVING.

had gone home and you and she strolled along the trail to your favorite spot, the pine tree on the little knoll?

You both sat quiet for a long time, each busy with her own thoughts as you gazed out over the water. The

beauty of moonlight and lake and pines was all about you. After a while

she leaned closer against you and quietly began to talk, "Mother, what do you think I should do? John says

"With your arm around her as she cuddled close, your love and wisdom, and her sparkling, daring view of the future met and merged and the path ahead seemed a little clearer.

Another mother saw to it that a "hotogtph by H. Armstrong Roberta big comfortable chair stood close by

IN THOSE ARLY TBENS WHEN SHE WAS SO UNSURE her bed. When daughter came home

from a date, it was so easy for her to slip into that chair and talk. What

the fellows said and did gradually besoul you plead, "Father in heaven, priesthood held by the men of your came what he said and did, and one bless my children now, wherever they household, she will decide that the night with glowing radiant face she are, protect them from evil, give them man she marries must possess this breathed, "Mother, he wants me to the courage to do right."And you same power. marry him.""Yes, dear, I know,"

resume your work comforted and re- A wholesome, healthy faith in God answered the mother. "Why, Mother,

assured. It seems that you and their and his word, in Church leaders as how could you? He only asked me

father and the Lord together must his chosen authority on earth, in famtonight."A broad, knowing smile on

surely keep them safe from vicious, ily, friends, and self will move her to mother's face and then, "Well, I guess insidious outside influences. action and make her life purposeful it has been pretty obvious.""But,

You Latterday Saint women whose and worth the living. From her babyMother, you're pleased, aren't you?"

husbands and sons hold the priesthood you have planned for the day Yes, dear, I'm very happy for you."

hood are very fortunate. Your daughshe will arise and bear testimony that You will 'want this girl of yours to

ter will see this power manifest in God lives, that Mormonism is the lealize that the oldfashioned qualities your home. Father and brother will truth, and that the Church of Jesus of good taste, gentleness, modesty in

administer to any of the household Christ of Latterday Saints is a might} dress and manner are lovable elements who are sick, in the power of the power in the earth. in womankind. She must be beautiful

priesthood rebuking the illness and The great pressing urge of youth in heart, mind, and body. It will be

giving blessing and comfort and, if is to know the answers. Happy is all right for her to have star dust in

the Lord so wills it, promising comthe girl who can feel, "I'll ask Mother; her eyes if her feet are on soUd

plete and speedy recovery. With your she will help me."Sometimes mother ground; the romance of living must

help your daughter will note that her can in surety answer yes or no, do or be harmonized with life's serious purfather has poise and power in counseldon't, but times are many when wisposes. I can hear you teaching her

ing and advising his children, and in dom dictates such answers as, I don't to pay the price of loveliness, that making wise decisions in matters know, dear, or, let's wait a little glamor may be only glitter, that the that affect his loved family. She will longer, or, pray about it more earngirl within her should be her ideal,

be conscious of his strength as he estly, or, talk it over again. The imthat true happiness comes from one

performs his duties in the priesthood, portant thing is that mother helps. way of life only, that of virtue and

in Church activities. From these and Confidences are precious things, to goodness. In a world where some

other experiences, and your attitude be cherished always. Remember that movies, best sellers, magazine articles,

as her mother toward this great summer night by the lake, the crowr"(Continued on page 861

DECEMBER 1949 807 'pHE chest was heavily carved tvith Chineseke figures, and she ran her fingers over them.

n EAKWOOD CHEST K ariY

"i!!!//'AFTER the delivery man had wished them a Merry Christmas and 'driven away under the archway had retreated to the beloved old face, his scowl, his thin, stooped of glistening, snowcovered sycahouse to pray for a miracle, form.

more trees. Kathy, with Linda's Nov the miracle had arrived. Uncle Nick had never given

help, carried the teakwood chest "Come on. Mother!"Linda cried; them presents. "You'd think he

into the living room and set it before and little Paul and Barry said, could loosen up once a year,"Aunt the fireplace. The children cried, "Open, Mommie!"Beulah had said. His only gift had

had Kathy candy. Always"Open it, Mommie!"been And Kathy let "First you something me tell

the for conscious soft candy of the pounding up thewas passed this of about chest."The chest was

her heart. heavily carved with Chinese figures, hardtack, and Uncle Nick would

She knelt before the chest. She and she ran her fingers over them. say, "You like the common kind

inserted the key in the lock, and best, eh?"And she would say, "Oh,

then hesitated, suddenly afraid to "When I was a little girl, once a yes. Uncle Nick. Better than any

open Uncle Nickolas'chest. For year, on Christmas day, all the famkind. It lasts a long time!"And

her whole future, and that of her ihes gathered at Uncle Nick's big then he would pat her head and hill."on the Her family had children, favorite "It's depended on what the house say, my smile and

relations, been the "poor she "and chest contained. did then he too."And kind

herself, see could small pathetand letter the had from like ScroogeRafter When come exactly look ically for eager at the Uncle day the a lawyer informing ago week reformation! Scrooge's Nick's. "After dinner he say would her Nickolas that Uncle died had

very npHAT last Christmas just before at the venerable age of ninetythree, to the children—he sounded

'Into cross—library the with you had left that and moved he her had a legacy, east—she

I'll to bring keep and something you said it had like everyone gift a had been heaven, from been herten—afterfamily quiet!'you would then he And hill, the for first the life it down and time and walked in her goodbye

had mattered a great deal that carry in this chest."she had run back and told Uncle

Uncle Nick had been fabulously "What was in it?"Barry asked. Nick, "Oh, thank you for all the

wealthy. Mark's untimely death of "Three bags of gold and silver happy Christmases!"And then impneumonia the month before had coins and a copy of Dickens'A pulsively she had stood on tiptoe

left her with only enough insurance Christmas Carol, some big sea and kissed him, said, "I love you.

to cover funeral costs, make anshells, and a book of pressed Uncle Nick,"and then at the look other payment on the old house on leaves and flowers."Her cousins on his face run pellmell back to her

Sycamore Road, and pay expenses had played with the money, stackfather and mother. That was the

until the first of the year. ing it in pyramids, but she had liked last time she had seen Uncle Nick,

In those first griefstricken days the other items. Oh, the sea shells! Now Kathy looked at the circle

she had hunted a job, spurred on When she held one to her ear, she of faces about her, at Linda, eight, by Aunt Beulah's words, "You're had heard the pound of the sea. her thick blonde braids hanging

my dead sister's child, and I feel it And the fragile delicacy of the over her shoulders; at Barry, darkmy duty to advise you. For once in pressed leaves and flowers! But A eyed and so like Mark; at httle

your life be practical, Kathy! Christmas Carol with its beautiful Paul, like a blonde cherub in corduMark's dead, and you have three painted illustrations had been her roy overalls. And she could feel

children to support, and there's favorite. Curled up in the window the warmth of the fire on her face,

none of us who can afford to keep seat she would read through it again hear the soft strains of Christmas you!"And then two weeks ago Dr. and again. She had thought, a bit carols coming from the radio, "Oh,

Woodley had told her she was goguiltily, that Uncle Nick was the little town of Bethlehem, how still ing to have a baby in June, and she image of Scrooge, with his long we see thee he...,"and behind it

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

all, like a backdrop, feathery snowback the wish. She was glad about "Well, come on,"she cried, "let's

flakes falling outside the big winthe baby. Each child brought with trim the tree!"They had been trimdow, and it was a tableau of everyit its own special love and blessing. ming it when the delivery man

thing she held dear. "But, Mother! Why should he came. She walked over to the treei

With a trembling hand she leave you all this candy?"and Barry and Paul scampered after

turned the key in the lock and lifted Her heart softened, remembering her., '

the lid, and then a httle moan Uncle Nick's almost childish delight She draped tinsel on the escaped her lips, and she was cold because she had liked his kind of green branches, and her temples with a chill of hopelessness, for the candy. He was ninetythree when throbbed the tomtom beat of her

... teakwood chest contained no great he died, she thought—an eccentric worried heart... no money

fortune. It was filled with candy old man. "He remembered that I can't work... the house is mine

hardtack Christmas mix! liked this kind of candy best, Linda. only until the first of the year....

She heard the children's laughter. He thought he was leaving me "This is good candy, Mother,"

"Oh, Mother, a whole chest full of something extra special."Linda spoke with her mouth full.

candy!"And she wanted to cry: "But, Mother,"Linda persisted. "It's the kind Jane likes."

don't laugh! It isn't funny. This "Cousin Betty says he was a mil- "Jane who, dear?"Barry handed

was my last, my very last hope. lionaire."a shiny blue ornament to her and

What shall we do now? Uncle "He was a lonely old man who she hooked it on the tree, her heart

lived in a gloomy house that smelled crying. Oh, Mark, Mark, there's no

of dust and cobwebs."And he must way out....

\Vhen the letter had come have known that people were nice "Jane Bryan, the girl who lives from the lawyer a week ago to him only because they hoped to at Green Gables Orphanage. You

informing her that Uncle Nichbe remembered in his will. She was remember."

olas had died at the venerable age suddenly glad that she had run back Yes, now she remembered Jane, of ninetythree, and that he had that night and kissed him. the shy little girl in the blue denim

left her a legacy, it had been like She got up and wearily pushed uniform who had come to play with a gift from heaven, back her blonde hair. Her impulse Linda. Yes, Jane would like candy

was to burst into tears and to cry: that lasted a long time.

Oh, children, we're in desperate "May I take her a bag?"

Nick had so much. If only he could trouble! But she fought back the "Why, of course, dear."Why

have left me enough to finish paytears. Since their daddy's death the not give the whole chestful of candy

ing for the house! Then, some way children had been sensitive, quick to to the orphanage, she thought. The

boarders—doI could manage.something.I could takeOh, inI watchingfeel her mood.her. Even now they were exultantWorld"filledstrainsthe room,of "Joyand todespitethe

wish I weren't going to have this This above all Christmases must her worry Kathy felt a joyous baby! And then, instantly, she took be happy, she thought. {Continued on page 852)

\UiiY not invite the children fromthe orphanage here for a Christmas Eve party?

It was a beautiful, an impossible idea..... /.

DECEMBER 1949 iij;]

Graswinchkel, P. Dr. F. D. Bennett, M. Zappey, Archibald Cornelius right: President Left to

J. L. secretary, der Gouw van and his of the Netherlands, Archivist National

THERE are more descendants of the Dutch people of the Netherlands in America today The Archives of than in the homeland itself. A

in ten of thousand Dutchnucleus seventeenth, by in the and united to England resistance in heroic they were had in 1664 grown by YorkNew in the America of States the United from overlords their Catholic of of a million to a quarter1790 but a chapter centuries, forms eighteenth

Holland descent in the United Spain, Charles V and his son in the great volume of human fate; for the

States, one twelfth of the entire Phihp II, and the monstrous opso-called revolutions of Holland, England, white population. These have inpressions of the Inquisition. The and America are all links of one chain.

creased rapidly in each of the five great historian Motley writes:

heroes of soil the blood Their by then, have since andgenerations Fifth the of Charles empire splendid The as haven a prepared thereby of the country; parts to all... wasspread of liberty. the grave erected upon was Fathers. Pilgrim for our refuge of called territory of the of Dutch handbreadth inhabitantswhile From new

birth have been continually added the province of Holland rises a power From their shores came also, as the direct anelect, the with years'warfare of eighty gathering which waged the population.to our By 1900,

earth, and empire upon potent the most families great of a cestors many in born of our residentsnumber struggle, the of progress the which, during of island the From in our Church. 105,049, bindNetherlandsthe state, was itself and mighty a becoming

while those of Dutch parentage ing about its own slender form a zone Schouw or Schouwen came Claes (one or both parents born in of the richest possessions of earth from Cornelissen to New Amsterdam its decrees dictates finally tropic, his to descendpole of 1640; about many 283,- another totaledHolland) Charles. of empire the to of the name ants by were known764. a but member is individual each much So among and or Clawson; Claessen commonwealth, international great of one interest in America our Hence ClawRudger President was them is between relationship the close so and of Holland! the Archivesin progenitor it is Smoote, imposthat family, son. Wilham the whole human the freedom, of lovers Sturdy struggling while nation, for sible even a the of and Smoot Elder of Reed

the embraced forDutch eagerly acquire something to for itself, not all Smoot family in the South and in right of the maintenance Soon of the Protestants. mankind. Theteachings

of and Holland provinces the little by lA Century sixteenth, Holland in the by and Preface,Motley:p. iiiRise of the Dutch Republic, Vol. I, Zealand Governmentof PopulationPrintingGrowth,OfFice, 17901900,1909Washington,

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Utah, was a Hollander, derived Lutheran and Cathohc churches. In called upon Mr. Graswinkel, Superfrom the family of Smout or the larger cities and towns are also intendent of the Government ArSmoudt which traces back to 1500 preserved other precious records in chives in The Hague, and requested

A. D. Anthony De Mil, greattheir local archives. permission to microfilm the records

grandson of Laurens De Mil (born A recent survey showed enough there. It was realized that his

about 1520), lived at Haarlem and church registers in these various response would greatly influence the

Amsterdam and came with his repositories to stretch for 615 attitude of the officials in charge family to New York in May, 1658. meters, if the volumes should be of all the other provincial archives

Among his posterity is Elder placed side by side. One meter in the Netherlands.

Henry D. Moyle. Such examples would represent approximately one Of the events of that day Sister

could be multiplied. working day for one operator. The Riet has written:

Since the organization of the vital records would require another interest Mr. great Graswinkel showed military the days; 1960 working in Netherlands Mission 1861 to in the in the of all Society and work

records, orphans'records 247 days; the present, close to four thousand its departments. the privilege Having had

Saints have emigrated from there 945 days; notarial records 7,802 of working there for a number of years,

to America, most of them settling days, etc. "Should only the church I was in a position to answer all his many

in Utah, and their descendants and vital records be filmed till 1842, questions. I told him that if the governhave steadily increased. it would take approximately five mentthe recordswould thegiveSocietyus permissionwas willingto microfilmto give

It is a foregone conclusion that years, using two operators."them a positive film copy free of charge.

all persons of Holland descent in Hence there was much at stake Mr. Graswinkel then asked if I realized

I that involve. would much money how President 1946, in September, and in America will have when Utah

I felt thatreally told I did. were him we Netherthe Cornelius Zappey of interest direct a in the genealogical that Spirit the the of guided Lord by

records kept in that land and in lands Mission, Brother G. T. Riemorning and that the Lord was on our side

how they can be made available beck, mission genealogical chairman, and also guided the understanding and atfor ancestral study. and Sister Joan Riet, former supertitude of Mr. Graswinkel.

Index Bureau the of visor Temple vital records of the NetherThe promptly followed This visit was in Holland, mission a then on and fall into distinct sharply lands two letter of request. with a formal The

Cornelius Pres, Zappey, March 16, from Report chief in reclasses. source The

1949 [Continued on page 870) search for the earlier period are the church registers of baptisms, marriages, and burials. These begin subsequent to the date of the

Protestant Reformation. In 1812

the French, then ruling Holland,

HOLLAND

E.

r>cklbald -jr. i5ennett

SECRETARY, GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY

OF THE CHURCH

by imperial edict estabhshed a nationwide registration of births, marriages, and deaths. Hence

these are the chief and invaluable source from 1812 onwards.

The Netherlands has eleven provinces, each with its record archives in its capital city. The

Hague is the home of the chief or national archives. Into these archives are gathered the vital records

kept since 1812 and also all the church registers they have been been able to obtain. These last are

mostly of the Dutch Reformed Church, but there are others of the Archibaldrecord in F.theBennettallsteelandfireproofSecretaryrecordJ. L. vaultvan derof Gouwthe Archivesexaminingat anthe originafHague

DECEMBER 1949 81t archipelago. atoll houses in the The coral Tuamotu scene on a highest these point A village lagoon. on inside atoll The the from A coral

building to natives construction those were the similar of here are pictured palms. trees level. are is coconut feet sea The above butislands a few

in Grouard Pratt Benjamin were Addison years the time and ago, at hundred a beach. outrigger the seen canoes can around beNative

the islands.

Chapter VIII eastward, where Elder Grouard had conveyance."In a letter which

recently baptized six hundred and Addison sent to Louisa on the same

TWOtheTHOUGHTSminds of missionarieswere uppermostAddiin Abouttwenty thepersonsonly foodsinto onthetheChurch.island ship he wrote:

this, did as receive you if you Now fish, so and were coconut F. of son Pratt Anaa Benjamin and Bedford, I sent from the money New thought missionaries the it wisdom in Tahiti Grouard met when they I I will glad, for if be Massachusetts,

in the Society Islands in January to take with them a supply of had a million of money it would be 1846. One was of their families supplementary rations. They could your due, but money cannot pay for

and the Church back in griefdo this because both of them had stricken Zion; the other was of the managed to save a little money from

work of the Lord in which they gifts they had received. Addison

were engaged. had sold the hogs, hen, and goat

Nearly a year had passed since he brought from Tubuai for fifty the missionaries had seen each dollars. Brother Layton had given

other. During that time they had him twenty dollars; Brother Hill,

learned of the death of the Prophet ten dollars; and Brother and Sister Joseph Smith and his brother, Clifford, four dollars each. All of ISSION

Hyrum, and of the persecution of this he might have used to buy the Saints. This news had come food, muchneeded clothing, and

through newspaper clippings as well other necessities, for he knew not the privations and sufEerings you have as through two letters which Addihow long he would be on the been called to pass through on account son received from his wife, the only isolated coral atolls to the east. But of my absence from you. But whose

mail which had reached the elders every time he thought of buying fault is it, my being gone? The Savior's

since they left New Bedford, something for himself, his mind cause made the demand, and I acMassachusetts, on October 10, turned to his wife and four cepted, and I will expect no compensa1843. These letters, which arrived young daughters. Undoubtedly tion at his hand for it, but an interest

at the same time, were sent in they needed the money more than in his celestial kingdom for myself family, because and we have all sufApril and August 1844, and the he, so for himself he bought little fered... by it together.

news they brought was a year and more than an emergency supply of a half old. What was the condirice, sea bread, flour, beans, moIn the same letter, he also wrote:

tion of their families and the Church lasses, and other staples. The rest

now? of the money, he decided, he would I must answer some of your quesWere it not for the fact that send to his family. He couldn't tions. You ask if you should buy

these two missionaries were contrust the mail to carry the money house lots in Nauvoo. Now, my dear

verted heart and soul to the imporhome, but he could trust Captain Louisa, I send you sixty dollars and tance of the work in which they Hall, skipper of a whaling ship willcome,bringbut tO'youstayallandI canenjoygethousewhenlotsI were engaged, chances are they which was leaving soon for Boston. in Nauvoo is what I do not expect to

might have deserted the cause and After determining his own needs be blessed with, for I have put my taken passage on the first boat he found that he could spare sixty hand to the plow, and I dare not look home. But every thought of redollars for his family. Brother back, for I wish to be fitted for the

turning was submerged in a sea of Grouard set aside fifty dollars to kingdom of heaven, and to be allowed devotion to the gospel and faith in send to his wife. This money they to stop long in Nauvoo, or even in

the Lord Jesus Christ. gave to Captain Hall, asking him America, I do not expect it. When

As soon as the pahi PaumotUt to deliver it to the presiding elder thethesecallislesfor andlaboras isweso haveloud learnedamong which Elder Grouard's shipwrecked of the Church whoever he might (who are here) to use the tools that crew had constructed on the island be, at Boston, along with a letter are required in this field, I expect we of Mehitia, arrived at Tahiti, the asking the elder to fppward the shall be kept at it for life, and I can missionaries rushed preparations to money to Louisa Pratt, Addison's assure you that I have no notion of leave in it for Anaa, 245 miles wife, by "the: most speedy and safe being separated from you and the

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA children another such a term "until the war with the French, were also because of their enforced diet of death do us part"and so you may short on food and could be of no coconuts and fish.

make your calculations accordingly. help to the hapless party. This was After the greetings were over,

... Do not make your calculations to the first time since Addison arrived Brother Grouard informed the nalive long in Nauvoo after my return, in the islands that he had experitives of the bargain he had made

life the prefer widow. of a unless you transporship's captain for the living."with "hard enced

If Brother get books from can any you that the five tation, suggested and of being stranded ten days After leisure time, any and have Rogers

I think you and the children had in this condition the elders decided villages on the island unite to pay better attend to the studying of the that if they were to reach Anaa in the debt. But the natives at Nake,

Tahitian language, for in my opinion any time at all, they must seek some where the missionaries landed, said you may have use for it within a few other transportation. The rainy that would not be necessary; they

years. season had settled down in earnest would pay the debt themselves.

intensive cocodays of In three seacraft native was not and the 13, at sunset, the January On colnatives the gathering nut the long attempt to set sail in their pahi elders enough Paumotu, worthy lected six thousand coconuts, and in they beached about sea midnight rough the and open on voyage to hog contributed a make someone miles four about at Point Venus, in Elder this mind, weather. With Elder But for seventh. the up the coast north of the east around left for Papeete, and Grouard the animal was thought Grouard their to island, part only way the with returned after days a few coco- a thousand than more worth they of destination Tautira where passage secured that report he had sent free set and nuts, him so he

to and spend the night expected for the two elders and five natives word to the natives in another city, for their preparations complete on the French bark Mary of Tukuhora, to furnish the other voyage to Anaa. But here they pile which ran into strong winds from the Bordeau for a fare of one thousand thousand. When the

east, and heavy rain. The cabin coconuts each, payable at their they gathered was counted, they

of the frail craft leaked like a destination. The vessel sailed on found two thousand two hundred;

shower, and the rain poured into January 27 and reached Anaa three thus the missionaries paid off the their beds in a stream. days later. The sea was so rough. debt and had twelve hundred coconuts left over for their own use.

Addison thought the island to be "a grand curiosity."He found it

reen to be about fifteen miles long and land area was TO POLYNESIA..Mg'ASS'T MANAGING EDITOR half as wide. The

composed entirely of sea shell and coral and extended in the form

The Story of Addison Pratt of an oval chain, but a few hundred

And Ihe feet across at the widest point of the hnks, with a lagoon in the

Society Islands Mission center. The island was covered

with a dense grove of coconut trees, the only fruit which would

There were no conveniences for however, that they could not land grow on the island. From the

cooking on the boat, and there was until February 3. When they finally coconut tree the Tuamotuan natives

little to cook anyway. The native did reach shore after a thrilling built their houses, made most of

crew went into the mountains for ride over the reef, they found the their clothes, secured much of their plantains, but as they could find natives so happy to receive them food and drinking water, connone that were ripe, they returned that they could hardly contain themstructed their boats and sails, obwith green ones which they cooked selves. The people on the island tained food for their chickens, pigs,

on smoky coals on the beach. Fishhad doubted seriously whether and dogs, braided rope, and wove

ing was poor, and the natives in the Elder Grouard or any other mismats for their beds and floors.

area, suffering from the effects of sionary would ever return to them {Continued on page 858)

sail cutter. Tuamotuan native—

schooner. of a copra the stern of to open Sunset over the island of Anaa, talcen from today boat and

Allred Rudeen -Photograph by O. PresentdayL D. S. missionaries—travel on a smalluse nativebuiltthis typePhotograph G. Mack bg travelWaynethe ocean.

m?

A. HAMER REISER DAVID LAWRENCE MCKAY

GEORGE R. HILL

L/enepal Jupenniendc'Di encu o f

THE DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOl UNION

of the NEW superintendency to pointed the executive of boardTHEGeneral School Sunday Union the Valley Council Cache Boy /oiepkion O fl/lawa C itself to commends the memberof Scouts America. EDITOR ASSOCIATE

ship of the Church because of the When he became associated with variety of experience and the scope the American Smelting and Reof the background it represents. dustry has been, his achievements in fining Company, he moved his home

the Church have been even more from Logan. He then became

ENERAL Superintendent George impressive. From 1926 to 1935 chairman of the Oquirrh district

Richard Hill has had a rich exhe served on both the Deseret Sunfor scouting; recently he has been

perience in the industrial field, folday School Union board, having a member of the Salt Lake Execulowing his activity in teaching at been appointed to that board in tive Council, serving for six years

LDS College, at Cornell Univer1925. and the Young Men's Mutual as its president and as its vice

sity, and at Utah State AgriImprovement Association general president for ten years before that.

cultural College. Since 1925 he board, on which he was sustained His meritorious and enviable rechas been employed by the American in 1926. When he was sustained ord has won the respect and love

Smelting and Refining Company as as second assistant to Superintenof scouts and scouters throughout director of agricultural research. dent Pyper in 1934, it became imRegion 12, encompassing the

A graduate of Brigham Young perative that his entire attention states of Utah, Arizona, Nevada,

University at Provo in 1907 and be focused on the Sunday School California, and also Hawaii, and of Utah State Agricultural Colwork, and he was released in 1935 won for him in 1946 the silver in 1908, he taught at the LDS from the Y.M.M.I.A. general board. antelope award, the highest award

College in Salt Lake City in In the Mutual, Elder Hill had beon a regional basis for distinguished 1908 and 1909. He then went come much interested in the Boy service to boyhood.

to Cornell University at Ithaca, Scout movement, an interest he In the Sunday School Elder Hill

New York, where he was inhas maintained throughout the has served in many departments structor in plant physiology. Folyears. As scoutmaster in Logan and acted as ward cJiorister both

lowing a year at the Missouri he had during his ten years of in Springville and in Logan, Utah,

Botanical gardens as research asleadership more Eagle Scouts than and as superintendent of the Fifth sistant, he came to Utah State Agrithose required for a full troop. For Ward Sunday School in Logan. He

cultural College where he remained several years Elder Hill had every has also served on the Salt Lake for twelve years as professor of boy of Boy Scout age in his ward and Cache Sunday School stake botany and plant pathology and enrolled in his troop except those boards.

director of the School of Agriculwhose parents would not allow In October 1934 Elder Hill was ture for ten of those twelve years. them to join. His success with set apart as second assistant to

Impressive as his success in inboys prompted his being apGeneral Superintendent George D.

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pyper. When Superintendent added responsibility of trying to Sunday School. He was secretary

Bennion succeeded Elder Pyper, help his mother rear the family. of the centennial pageant commitElder Hill was made first assistant Elder Reiser graduated from the tee for the Church in 1930 and

in the general superintendency, in University of Utah in 1919 with a chairman of the centennial pageant.

March 1943. A natural reward for major in English. During World Message of the Ages, when it was

his faith and diligence is his apWar I he went to Washington, repeated in 1947. He also served

pointment as general superintendent D.C., to study law, but he returned as secretary of the Utah State

of the Sunday Schools throughout shortly thereafter and was married Centennial Commission during the the Church. to Elizabeth Baxter in 1920, and years of 1938 to 1948. In addiElder Hill's wife, Elizabeth with her, began to rear his family. tion. Elder Reiser served for eight

Odette McKay Hill, and his three From the time he became secretary years on the Board of Regents of children have supported him in his of the Deseret Sunday School Union the University of Utah. As manwork and have attained recognition until 1942, when he became manager of the Deseret Book Company

for themselves. ager of the Deseret Book Company, he has been tremendously interested

Elder Hill is an affiliate of the he was always the center of activiin procuring visual aids to increase

American Association for the Adties around the Sunday School ofthe effectiveness of teaching and vancement of Science, the Botanical fices. He continued to forward the has developed an especially active

Society of America, the American cause of young people and their film department. His work with moAssociation of Plant Physiologists, teachers when he became second tion pictures has been of fifteen

the Utah Academy of Arts and assistant in the general superinyears'duration. In 1934 a comSciences, and Sigma Xi, national tendency. mittee came west and spent six

honorary scientific society. Elder Reiser has held many other weeks in Salt Lake City investigatElder Hill's sweet, firm character, positions of honor and trust in ading the possibilities of films for the

his experimental nature, and his undition to his appointments with the {Continued on page 848) wavering testimony of the gospel will help the keep Sunday School tirlnq9 Jupenntendenl has it always what been and inspire it to move forward. BENNION mm

a man who he has met or worked with in any A Hamer Reiser has long been release can come to an active member of the Deseret Nohas given so much of himself of his numerous activities in the

Sunday School Union Board. He and so much to the Church as educational field or in his religious

was set apart as a general board has Milton Bennion, whose long associations. And withal he has

member in November 1924, alservice has been matched only by maintained his droll sense of humor, though he had been general secrethe great contributions he has made a dry wit that has saved many of tary since 1921. His long experience in that service. Years do not matwhat might otherwise have become

in the Sunday School office, ter—except as they count the serious situations.

the artery of the Sunday School achievements that they make posMilton Bennion's children are a work, has made him an insible. living testimony to his and his wife's

valuable member of the superinElder Bennion's experience in the integrity. Cora Lindsay Bennion,

tendency, a position he held as Sunday School has been varied and for about nineteen years a member assistantsecond to Superintendent general board, Society the of Rehef of the problems wide. knows He to theBennion 1943 from present in her stalwart support of been has as teacher School the rural Sundaytime, he the assumes when now Bennion. ImmediSuperintendent leader; of the urban those as well firstposition assistant as to General release the following from her ately

Superintendent Hill. he knows the perplexities of the Relief Society general board, Sister

Elder Reiser is the eldest son of beginning class instructor as well as Bennion was called to be an ordieight children born to Albert and those of the experienced director. nance worker in the Salt Lake

Nancy Ellen Reiser. Elder Reiser's He has respect for everyone who Temple, and for almost ten years

father died when Hamer was thircomes into the organization, just as she has served in that capacity.

teen years of age, and he had the he has respected everyone whom [Concluded on following page)

GEORGE Q. CANNON LORENZO SNOW JOSEPH F. SMITH DAVID O. MCKAY GEORGE D. PYPER

DECEMBER 1949 815 RETIRING SUPERINTENDENT MIITON BENNION

Upon one occasion the question for more than three years. There international picture. For five years

was asked one of Elder Bennion's he presided over a district and he was chairman of the committee children why they all seemed to be worked in the Sunday School; and on character education in the Naso wellbalanced and responsible in he solved many personal and tional Education Association, and in

Church and civic affairs. His anChurch problems by his wisdom and 1923 he served as chairman of

swer was illuminating: "I don't unfailing humor, for even as a Group D of the International Ideals,

remember my parents ever giving a young man he merited the confiWorld Conference, held in San definite command after any of us dence of those who have come under Francisco, where he directed study reached the age of fifteen."Elder his influence. concerning international ideals inand Sister Bennion evidently laid He continued his education after cluding world peace and character

down the principles upon which he returned from his mission, and education.

they felt their family might build a in 1897 was graduated from the From his educational achievesensible life; then they left their University of Utah with a B.S. dements he has gained recognition

children to make their own dethroughout the United States, but cisions. Of course, Elder and Sister through his religious activities he

Bennion were eager to have the has rounded his life to one of servchildren consult with them, and ice to the entire Church of Jesus stressed their desire to help whenChrist of Latterday Saints. His

ever that help was desired, but they call to the general board of the wanted their children to grow in Deseret Sunday School Union came maturity and responsibihty. in October 1909—and his release

No mere biographical facts can as general superintendent came in portray the integrity of Elder BenSeptember 1949, forty years later.

nion's philosophy; yet they are inPrior to his appointment to the gendicative of the forces that impel him eral board Elder Bennion had served

to good. He was born June 7, 1870, twice on the Granite Stake Sunday

in the little farming community of School board and also as superinTaylorsville, Utah. Here he sat in tendent of the University Sunday

the Sunday School, which at the School.

time was not divided into departFor eight years Milton Bennion ments, and tried to learn with was first assistant to general superadults, and largely in adult lanintendent George D. Pyper. Upon

guage, the principles of the gospel the latter's death. Elder Bennion beand pertinent quotations from the came general superintendent of the

standard works of the Church. Deseret Sunday School Union,

Elder Bennion's father died when March 2, 1943, the position he has sevenMilton was years of age. His MILTON BENNION held1949, untilat hishis urgentrelease requestSeptemberas 9.amother, Bennion, Turpin Mary was

a semiinvalid, and her six sons, of result of his ill health.

whom Milton was the youngest, and gree and teacher's diplomas perSuperintendent Bennion at the a daughter were left to maintain the mitting him to teach both in high time of his illness displayed his home and educate themselves. The school and elementary schools. usual dry wit—as well as his sound

farm would afford subsistence for From 1897 to 1900 Elder Benphilosophy and his tremendous them, and so Milton worked on it nion served as the principal of the courage. He stated: "I am glad

and thus helped the family. Southern Branch State Normal that I can go feet first, for the dead

When he was eighteen, he was School at Cedar City (later the limbs can be amputated, and I can asked to teach the four beginners'Branch Agricultural College). The still survive."His patience in the

grades in Taylorsville. This event following year he obtained his face of great suffering and his fortiproved to be the turning point of master's degree from Columbia tude in facing altered conditions

his life, for prior to that time he University. In 19011902 he was have been inspirational to all who

had considered the professions of assistant professor of education at have been privileged to meet him.

lawyer or doctor. As a student at the University of Utah; assistant The Church as a whole and the

the University of Deseret, forerunprofessor of philosophy, 190204; Sunday Schools in particular will be

ner of the University of Utah, he and full professor after 1904. At happy to learn that Elder Bennion

had not interested himself in the the University of Utah he was dean will continue on the editorial staff teaching field. However, he underof education from 1913 to 1941, as of The Instructor, which this year

took the work of teacher and found well as vice president of the Uniis featuring the centennial of the so deep a satisfaction that he reversity in 194041. He had comfounding of the Sunday School.

mained from that time in the educapleted more than forty years of The work under General Supertional field. teaching when he retired from the intendent Bennion received new imWhen Elder Bennion was nineUniversity of Utah faculty. petus, which will continue to adteen, he received a call for a mission Elder Bennion has held positions vance the cause of the Sunday

to New Zealand where he served of great renown in the national and School throughout the Church.

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOLIDAY FlIN

v3u fflarba O. /4o5epkson

ASSOCIATE EDITOR THEholdsfamilytogether—andthat plays sincetogetherthe remain there, even after the edible mightwith thealsonamesbe thaton youthe wouldcards. likeIt

holidays are just in the offing, turkey is nothing but a skeleton. to tie a bit of gay holly or mistletoe

how's about playing together and Maybe you would rather have a to the place cards. Try out fancy

really doing something a bit difChristmas tree for the place cards. ideas and start a fad for the new

ferent to cement the family and ones that you create. Here's one

help bring light and joy into the idea that may prove interesting: cut

family relationships? a circle of Christmascolored papers

The most fun is when everyone 2Y2 or 3 inches in diameter and from the oldest to the youngest then cut around and around inside does something. So the party planthis circle so that the winding strip

ning should begin early enough to is about 34 i'ch wide. Place a

give everyone in the family a little star at the top to give a finchance at the organizing and also to ished appearance as well as signifireserve the date and remember that cance to the decoration. Then

it is a must. Of course if the memr place a large gumdrop with a small

bers are old enough to hav6 dates, red or green candle in it. By

bring them along—the more the placing the star on the top of the

merrier. candle, you will have a clever litThe proper planning begins tle Christmas tree. It's much

around the family table or hearth simpler than it reads—look at the

or wherever the family gets toillustration. By alternating a red

gether on an early evening—with and a green tree with red and

everybody being eiic<)uraged to green gumdrops and candles, the participate. Christmas, New Year's, decoration becomes festive.

the patriotic birthdays, Valentine's, Think how much fun it would be The centerpiece for Christmas—think of the opportunities that for the youngsters to cut out and might be a little village or a bunch

present themselves, with all the draw fancy little colored balls and of gailycolored Christmas tree fancy decorations made by the then color around them with the balls that have been stuck together children in the family, whose nimble green. A jolly little Santa Claus around a candlestick with a Christfingers will prove more than capable might vie for honors with the mas candle coming from the center.

and eager to dress up the occasion. Christmas trees. Some of the little Even at Christmas time the golden

If you haven't any of the very bells that come eight on a card for pumpkins, luscious grapes, and apyoung, why not borrow a few from a dime may be tied to place cards ples polished to a fareye-well, or a harried young neighbor and let green squash, and, yes, even onions her take a quickie at the movie or a that have been rubbed with a cloth jaunt to town? The windows afford moistened with a little vegetable oil

an excellent beginning place to whet will make a bright centerpiece. If

the appetite for the event; and they you use the turkey placecards you

have to be washed every so often might like to use the turkey idea anyway. So why not have a Santa and have the children make three

Claus and his toys tumble onto the larger ones which can stand upright clear glass? if pasted to a bowl filled with nuts

Some drawing paper, a pair of and goodies of all kinds.

blunt scissors—to minimize cut It may be fun to have everyone

fingers or clothes—some colored tell just what Christmas means to

crayons will do the trick. Children him. Sometimes it is good to enwould love to make a turkey gobcourage those who have literary

bler who can strut his stuff right ability to write poems or essays in front of every person and will {Continued on page 864)

DECEMBER 1949 817 on iL FIRING LINE

The bishop and his interpreter stood as if they unmoved might be waiting this in its heart. painted had mob

for a little gust to of wind die down its that mission faced the knew He supreme moment. The issue of Indian before proceeding. Observing the

wars for more than thirty years and calm faces of the two men and looking the welfare of unsuspecting homes far in vain for them to shout their proaway hung on the success or the test, the din subsided till one of the failure of this forced contact. The older men ordered the others to be

hopes and objectives of toihng years still.

hung on the outcome of this meeting "We are ready to talk with our between a crippled, defenseless old friends,"the bishop announced, man and a hundred armed savages through his interpreter, "but friends "raring"to fight. do not cling to their guns while they

From another direction came talk. We have no guns. If you

Mexican Hat for which the region is named Kumen Jones, and together they want to talk with us, go stand your waited for the mounted mob to deguns against the wall and then sit liver the message which was of such with us here in a friendly circle."SYNOPSIS tremendous import that it took a What a tremendous order for the

Tn the year 1851, President Brigham hundred men with their most deadly lighthungry hundred, hugging their

Young sent colonies to extend the weapons to bring it. They began weapons and eager to begin. Yet the

territory the south. to Those who Mormon of quality face could courage hissing which forth their wrath, accumulated

ivent adversaries: the to fight had four

a strange arms at no half all, had them with two, three, a dozen all at once Utes, the the whites, Navajos, renegade and nature, which seemed at times the in angry excitement. A Navajo seemand unmistakable edge over their

greatest adversary o[ all. No treaty with

the United States could guarantee the settlers from the depredations of the Navajos.

Even Kit Carson who displaced the Indians had found it impossible to quell them. Jacob

Hamblin and Thales Haskell genuinely loved the Indians, and time after time won them to a reluctant peace, only to have it broken again because of the actions of the renegade whites. But the Mormons persisted in their settlement, in the face of

Indian attack and nature.

XV TriEto agedmeet bishopthem. cameHe madelimpingnoaloneundue haste. Tired and stooping

from his work, his step was as slow—A jy-.H'']f44K.y.<'(l/uiMMiriKvMvK

and as deliberate as at other times, Kumer} Jones, Bishop Jense Nielson, and Lemuel H. Redd. These three at

his head leaning forward, the wind one time composed the bishopric at Bluff playing with his gray hair.

"He is not afraid,"Aunt Mary heard them say one to another. ingly had been murdered by a Mordependence on horses and numbers

Calmness and unfaltering trust premon—shot through the heart in the and guns. They could recognize the

vailed in Bishop Nielson's bowed white man's store! Another Navajo old man's superior position, and it

head. He had been in greater perils was reported to have been compelled dampened the spirit of their hostility

than this—with the perishing handto kill the Mormon in selfdefense. in spite of themselves. They had less

cart companies on the plains in subThe Navajos were ready to fight to say, but they still sat doggedly in zero weather; he had felt the torturing right now! They were not sheep their saddles.

fingers of death and had seen it bear to be struck down without protest. With equal resolution the bishop

down the loved ones all around him. Their murderous howl swelled in stood unyielding, one hand resting

His resolute escape from its grasp had volume as if it were never going to quietly in the other, and not the least left him with that splendid calmness listen for an answer but would symptom of any compromise. Whenknown only to those who have conimagine its own answer and go into ever they became still enough to hear

tended long and bitterly. action. How humiliating all this him, he repeated that there would be

His composure was not due to any would have been to Tom Holiday or absolutely no discussion of the affair misunderstanding of the deadly intent to Jim Joe. except in a friendly circle without wea818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

pons. He told them he was not there the Navajos. They despised those Hamblin's words to the heart of the

to fight nor to take part in any hot fellows as crawling snakes, but they big chief Barbecenta at Fort Defiance argument. had little notion of how many more had found its way again through the

That this was the supreme moment of them Uncle Sam could send. voice of this old man from Denmark

"Your friend, Old Eye, was not to the hearts of a hundred Navajos, killed by one of our men,"declared painted and ready to fight.

the bishop, and then he told them how This was the stock of fighters who le. wian it happened, and told them to ask the warred with Spain for three hundred&1 Jiu Af Piutes who watched the whole affair. years, refusing to be subdued even

The little town on all sides waited when a multitude of their people of the years, Bishop Nielson sensed breathlessly for some indication of were butchered in canon de Chelle, with all his being, and stood like a what was happening in the prolonged This was the people imprisoned for statue while mothers and children conference. three years, to remember it with bitter

waited in torture of uncertainty to The young hotheads of the hundred resentment and to look daggers at know what was going on, what it made hateful charges and accusations, whoever was mean enough to mencould mean, and how it was going to but the calmness of the two white tion it. They had met a new force, a

turn. No military force could save men acted on them as sunshine on a resistless force never to be forgotten,

the situation by any interference now, frozen bank. Then some of the older something which their remote anceseven if it were coming on the run. men began to beam in glad surprise tors might have known and long since

Any outside interference would rob at what they discerned in the bishop's forgotten. It had brought them down

the httle colony of the thing it had tone—his firm and steady stand for from their high horse; it had conto do; it must save itself if it was to something better. There was in it quered them with a tender hand whose

survive. some unusual charm they had never grip they loved.

Recognizing that there was someknown before. They repeated his When some of them offered their

thing strangely impregnable about the words to the younger men and began hands again and said goodbye, the stand the bishop had taken, a few of to argue for him more determinedly bishop stopped them, "Don't go now,"the older Navajos dismounted, leaned than they had argued against him, he said, "stay with us till tomorrow.

their guns against the log store, and while he stood quietly by and watched It is late; you are hungry; some of you

sat crosslegged on the sand in front them champion the cause for which have come a long way."

of the two white men, where the he had been fighting against the tide. "Ha la na sekiss!"some of them

conversation was entirely too low for The violent storm was passing; the broke forth in pleased astonishment.

the ears of the braves still sitting sun was breaking through the dark They would stay; they wanted very

stifEly in their saddles. With growing clouds. much to stay.

eat and guests our be can "You being was up what jumped to older curiosity know men the of Some of tell more you while we food our guns their stacked of "Sekiss! them their said, hands, more extended and captain the Mormon words kind the hsten. inFriend to (Friend! sat sekiss!"and Deigese bishop the and you,"give to us told clung they circle as repeated was they that in deed!) conversation The people till the wait to them asked of others stiff fingers. motions Then the by to indicated as earnest very eat. to He things them bring could out, spirit, thawed the spoke. caught What all them of who gestures and butcher; to for steer them fat a ordered of himfor good hands. wave saying shook be and old A man that could other and flour, bacon, ordered he light over passed of like what burst a will to know eagerness self? The store. They log the from things of all rest deall forward the crowded they them; brought saying he was street, the all over campfires their built their the that in terms positive what from claring down men hundred that and beef their roasted they as and they good. very said The guns their was had bishop stacking and horses, laughand chatting bread, their baked carried every Jacob force hear had to which possible, soul as near as came merryof great company a as ing

word. makers, the grayhaired man from

"The Mormon captain sent us here Denmark limped back and forth to live with you in peace, to tell you among them, saying the words and a better way than to fight,"the bishop making the pleasing impressions they repeated through his interpreter, Kuwere to remember always.

men Jones. "We do not fight; but we When they mounted their ponies

belong to the United States governafter breakfast next morning, they inment; we pay taxes to it; and if you sisted on shaking hands again. "We

rewant to fight, we can send the word, are friends—always friends,"they

and there will be an army here right peated as they rode away.

away. Do you want to live with us This was victory number one, the

in peace, or do you want to fight?"dawn of a new and better era, never

"No, no!"interrupted the older men, to slip out of memory in all the thrills

raising their hands in protest, for they and terrors yet awaiting the struggling could remember Kit Carson and the fortbuilders on the bank of the faryears of humiliation at Bosque Redonaway San Juan.

do. The younger men sat unmoved. The builders of the fort had reached

All they had seen of Uncle Sam was the responsive heart of the wild the little detachment of fighting men Navajo. And the wild Navajo, long

who had answered Mitchel's call for misunderstood and cruelly punished, help, the bold, fresh fellows who had had found in this strange people on taken such unforgivable liberties with his border, the important thing for which he had been hunting and he hungering without what knowing a native Tsene-got, him. upon wanted till it was forced the San Juan of country piiSMiJiiiiMSs;

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1949 819 THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE {Continued from preceding page) predominate over them by their nato capitahze on the needs and the

That hundred men, with a new tive toughness. The men who folservices of desperate men coming from

story to tell, returned to the reservalowed that bawling herd, who urged everywhere. The fellows who came

tion breathing glad confidence where them on with Comanche yells and on the run with just one thought in mistrust had rankled before. They unspeakable names, who swung their their distracted minds: to keep out of

would never again challenge the Morlariats or fired their pistols, were even sight, to dodge starvation till the mons who had sent this colony to more unpleasant to see and to hear smoke of their mischief could blow their uninviting border. Hamblin was than the cattle they followed. These away would give the Texas outfit

dead, but the pleasing spirit by which cattle had come ostensibly to occupy their services; in fact, they would give

he pleaded for and offered peace, the vacant sections of the range, but anything they had to be kept from would go on and on. in reality they had come to occupy the arrest, to be safely concealed or diFrom that day, when a Navajo saw range. rected beyond the reach of the law.

a stranger in Bluff, he would inquire They drove through town and on A big adjunct to this cattle business of one of the old settlers whether down the river ten miles, making their would be a thriving hotel or roost the new man were a Mormon, or a winter camp at the lonely Rincone for men who found it necessary to

Beelicon. If he were not a Mormon, cabins, left now to neglect and decay. depart suddenly from Texas or from

they regarded him with the persistent With never a thought for the people any one of a dozen other states or suspicion they held for the white race who had been toiling for eight years territories. This shelter for buzzards

whom they had been fighting for to estabhsh themselves in and make at Rincone was advertised in the centuries. this stubborn solitude a livable place underworld as the surest of all reAnother problem was swelling like a for civiUzed man, this outfit from treats, a stopping place with compemountain stream after a heavy shower; Texas appropriated the range in all tent guides, shrewd spotters, and a

horse thieves, train robbers, reddirections. thousand impenetrable dens in which

handed killers of men and the worst to hide. No warrant of arrest had

desperados of the western trails folever been served here, and any man lowing the beaten path through to who could ride a horse could get at

San Juan. They swarmed to the cowleast his board.

camps at Blue Mountain, riding Responding to this unusual prospect, banteringly and defiantly with a sixgreat flakes of human scum came floatshooter on each hip and a Winchester ing in from every direction. Some of

on their saddles. From a dozen states them arrived by prearrangement in

they gathered as by some common imthe nighttime, held whispered confabs pulse, yet so far lack of employment With their red brandingirons they with some trusted ally, and rode on and lack of welcome tended to hold printed in big letters on the left side in the darkness.

them away from Bluff. of every calf, beginning somewhere Bluff and its cattle had to take

But Bluff was not to enjoy its imbehind the ear and stopping somewhat this swaggering Texas outfit left munity as in the past; a change was where short of the root of the tail: them—there was nothing else to do.

already in the offing. The under- E L K M. That was supposed to It was only by keeping a sharp lookground trail from Texas, kept always make it perfectly clear from the left out and making aggressive claims that

hot by men who were hunting the side of the calf that it belonged to the people of Bluff kept from being safety of distance, became so much The Elk Mountain Cattle Company. wiped off the map. It was imperative

traveled and so much in demand that And then to make it clear from the that they have one or more of their a cattle outfit of the Lone Star State other side of the calf whom it belonged number riding the range all the time, came with something less than three to, they whacked the right ear off and they had to ride and camp and thousand head of typical Texas longclose to his head. They foresaw that associate on more or less equal terms

horns to make their headquarters in their program would involve the queswith the vitiated hands of the Texas confusing tion and taum with of meum Juan. San outfit the and were who L C outfit,

that intended they frequency, and Their great bawling herd, a mile five dollars receiving or ten a month, long, came straggling down the river meum should always be the winner. or possibly only their board for their

through cattle, white, This Texas outfit came with more services. Bluff—yellow

black, brindle; all of them starving uncompromising nerve than the buildThe newcomers aspired to set the

and hollow from the long trail; all ers of the fort had found before in pace for everything in San Juan, inof them coyotelike in form, little all their eight years on the front. dustrial, civic, and social, not omitting

better in size. And horns! such a They had been greatly concerned to the dances and the ward gatherings in

nightmare—hornsriver of horns as reachingyou mightout seeandinup,a retainexpandingenoughL C outfitrange forfromthe theincreasebig thewere logas welcomemeetinghouse,as an whereinvasiontheyof

out and up again in fantastic corkof their little herds, and now they skunks. Once when a dance was

screws. The children of Bluff laughed were to be crowded into the rocks by ready to begin, they arrived on the

at the sight of it, but their parents this E L K M Company. It was a lope at the door, a jumble of chaps,

looked on with alarm. The snaky litprospect to inspire anything but good spurs, red bandanas, and wide hats.

tle bulls, narrow and sunburned, could will for the present or hope for the They trailed in through the doorway compete successfully for existence future. as fresh and as much at home as if

with goats on a rock. They were When O'Donnel planted himself in each one had received a written invitato father the incorrigible "piniontheir dooryard with his sheep, he was tion. They carried their sixshooters

busters"for which the San Juan rough generous enough to leave a possible on their hips, wore their long spurs.

country would sometime be notorious. way of escape, and they bought him The appearance of this selfinvited

This indestructible Texas stock out. This Texas outfit had no thought gang brought the party to an astonwould crowd the Bluff cattle against of selling; they had not come to sell ished halt; men drew protectingly to

the rims, starve them to death, and but to establish a permanent business, (Continued on page 86L') 820 THE IMPROVEMENT EiA JOHANN VVOLFGANG VON GoETHE existence, and indeed would say with (17491832), whose bicenten- Lorenzo de Medici that those are dead even for this life who hope for no nial the literary world has celeSALVATION other."

brated this year, was one of the most versatile writers of the world. Goethe was not bound to any parBesides his native tongue, German, ticular creed or dogma and felt that

he mastered other languages, Latin, any useless speculation as to the

Greek, Hebrew, French, Italian, nature of the spirit was a waste of and English, and was versed in time because the nature of immorothers. His contemporaries rectality, other than being progression,

ognized him as an authority in and also the nature of our souls rehistory, literary criticism, physics, au6i main to mortals eternal problems."*

chemistry, botany, anatomy, geHe did feel, however, that the soul ology, and political science. He was remains indestructible:

a lover of music and of art and parAt seventyfive, one must of course ticipated in both. After obtaining think sometimes of death. But this

his doctor's degree in law at Strassthought never gives me uneasiness; for

bourg, he returned to his birthplace, I am convinced that our spirit is inFrankfurt am Main, but was soon destructible,tinues from eternityand thattoitseternity.activity conIt is

called to tutor the young duke, Karl like the sun, which seems to set only

August of Weimar. While there to our earthly eyes, but that in reality

he held many important positions never sets but shines on unceasingly.*

of state until he was finally made Goethe emphasized the necessity of privy councilor. building our happiness in this world

However, it is in none of these by ceaseless activity, for "the world fields of endeavor that we know him means something to the capable."

best, but as one of the world's If man performs his duties in this greatest poets! His most noteworthy life to his fullest extent, he will thus

contribution to the literary field is prepare himself for continued acFaust, which has given inspiration tivity and progression in the world to western civilization because of to come.

its poetry, imagery, and philosophy,

Goethe obtained his inspiration Man should believe in immortality:

for this masterpiece from the stories from a pencil portrait by E. HagenitzBrucic herespondshas a withrighttheto wantsthis belief;of his nature,it corof Faust which were prevalent and he may believe in the promises of

throughout the Middle Ages. religion. But if the philosopher tries

Johann Spiess collected many The period of doubt is past; men to deduce the immortality of the soul

is legend, that a from very and weak little as the now doubt existence of a first stories into the Faust Book inefficient. eternal existence the me, To as their own. God... A French in later 1587. years Marlowe Two of soul idea from of is proved my my philosopher of the most recent times

published his play. In both these begins his chapter confidently thus: activity; if I work on incessantly till

instances Faust is finally condemned "It is acknowledged that man consists my death, nature is bound to give me existence of form when the parts, soul; of two body and so to is lost. we another damnation, soul and his The present longer sustain one can no my will begin the with body, and then in opera the ends same by Gounod spirit."

I of the soul."speak.doubt not...

tragic way. Goethe, however, based of our immortality, for Nature canPreoccupation in contemplation of his his work upon not dispense with the own personal entelechy. But

belief that a man may be saved who we are not all in like manner immortal; immortality to the detriment of acconstantly aspires to great ideals, and he who would manifest himself in tivity in this life Avas frowned upon

even though he may err in his enbethe onefuturenov/.'as a great entelechy must by the poet:

deavor toward his goal. Goethe This preoccupation with immortality

gives hope, inspiration, encourageGoethe's longing for the eternal and is for people of rank, and especially do. to nothing But have who life for a future lay in ment. Based his ladies, deep upon Goethe's own has something an able man, who heart, philosophy giving of eternal him hope objecan and progression, here, to regular and must toil and do

the narrative takes Faust through tive toward which he strove: struggle and produce day by day,

life's difficulties and tribulations but leaves the future world to itself, and never lets him lose sight of the I would by no means dispense with is active and useful in this."

divine, and brings him finally to the happiness of believing in a future The Divinity works in the living, not in the Christian ideal of finding hapEckermann, Gespriiche mit Goethe, Sept. 1, 1829 the dead; in the becoming and changpiness and joy in service to his ing, not in the become and fixed.

fellow men. Thus we see that Goethe's reGoethe gives us an insight into - &V hgion was founded on a belief in

his own faith in the immortafity of (Confinued on following page) the soul Vbid., 24, Feb. 1824 of his belief in eternal and

HEAD, DEPARTMENT Ibid., 1. OF MODERN Sept. 1829progression in Eckermann's *lbid.. 2, 1824 May UNIVERSITY Ges LANGUAGES, OF UTAH ''Ibid.. 4, 1829 Feb.pvache mit Goethe: Ibid., 13, Feb. 1829

DECEMBER 1949 821 SALVATION IN GOETHE'S fAlST (Continued from preceding page) ing a constant drive for greater away before Faust can take

God, in faith in eternal life, and in knowledge and understanding. It steps toward marriage and, on

eternal progression, but the emis the Lord's will that every man Walpurgisnacht, leads him to the phasis was placed on a practical seek and search and finally decide Witches'Kitchen. As soon as Faust

apphcation of religious principles in for himself what his relationship and hears that Gretchen is in prison, this life. Religion must be in man, attitude toward life, the universe, his noble spirit immediately emerges

not above him. In his Hfe work, and God shall be. In the words "In from dissipation. He demands of

Faust, which took Goethe sixty the beginning was the deed"Faust Mephisto that Gretchen be freed.

years to complete, this philosophy establishes the fundamentals and From this moment on, he no longer is reflected in his hero's search for bases whereon this striving should allows Mephisto to lead him but something of permanent value. rest. demands that the latter follow his

In the "Prologue in Heaven"According to the agreement beorders. The table is turned. Faust

Mephistopheles appears before the tween the Lord and Mephistopheles, becomes the master and Mephisto

Lord and claims that Faust can the latter must satisfy Faust in order the servant. Although Gretchen

easily be led astray from the rightto gain his soul. This Mephisto cannot be saved from her prison,

eous path, provided that he, hopes to accomplish by offering him her soul is saved by the purity of

Mephistopheles, may have a free sensual enjoyment. If Mephisto her love and the unselfishness of

hand in tempting him. God accepts succeeds in satisfying him to the her devotion.

Mephisto's wager, for the Lord extent that he is deceived by thinkIn the second part of the story, knows that Faust cannot be deing that he has reached his goal by Faust turns from personal gratificastroyed so long as he possesses the indulgence in pleasures, then Faust tion to action, to the creative deed.

desire to strive for a high objective; will be lost. As long as Faust's He experiences a step upward to a

certainly Faust must experience heart is restless, however, and unnew level of existence. At the court

many setbacks, for "man will err satisfied, he will still remain master of the kaiser, the "larger"world as long as he strives."Hence God of himself. Therefore, Faust is very of society and government, where

says to Mephisto: frank and informs Mephisto that riches, culture, and power abound,

will sucbelieves Faust satisfy can joys never him Mephisto well! What thou hast asked is worldly Very

all is offered fame devil's for here he of the power cumb, and that granted.

Turn off this spirit from his fountaincannot bring it about, but Mephisto, and recognition. Again, however,

head; believing otherwise, offers him the Faust sees nothing that will satisfy

planted. be let snares thy trap him, To longing. that such satisfaction can be his wager

led; thee, be downward him, with And demands that the beautiful found. He art thou abashed, when stand Then

forced to say; Mephisto attempts first of all to Helen of Greece be brought to

A good man, through obscurest aspiradivert Faust in Aurbach's Cellar, him, for in her he sees the ideal of tion, is to marriage Helen His beauty. alcohol might carousing and still an instinct of the one true where Has the of Greek a merging symbolic of is enattempt stun his senses. The way.

spirit the that of ideal with German Faust because tirely unsuccessful is that Faust recognizes Lord The for striving a the illustrates and this aloof from completely remains faith, longing of a deep possessed the union Since existence. nobler expresutters but one society and

ideal to high a reach—objectivesa satisfacnot bring does Helen with is inclinaleave them sion: my "To comprecannot which Mephisto that realizes Mephisto Faust, to tion tion."hend. of the for joys search further any to destroy next hopes Mephisto posFaust's path can However, fruitless. Faust flesh be would

his sensuous stimulating Faust by sibly to destruction lead through overstruggle, must that he claims years twenty desires. Faust is made influence unless Faust Mephisto's is everydeed "The chmb. come, introduced and potion a by younger his retains with connection God nought."glory To the thing, voluptuous Aroused to Gretchen. striving. constant through are power possess to or reign,

love, however, real to turns appetite satisto seek as false as objectives within dwell twins brothern me, Twin wellacquainted becomes he when pleasworldly personal in strife. faction of the reahzes and maiden the with

either fights to free theAnd from him ures. innocence childHke her of naivete other; act, breaks Faust fourth In the him whisks Mephisto faith. grips in lust earth the ofOne savage and

past, the wherein with completely life.

Clutches the ground and wallows in personal gratification was the ultithe mire; mate end, and turns exclusively to

The other lifts himself and struggles the world of "action."He saves

free, Tearing the chains that bind him to the kaiser's kingdom for him and his brother, obtains as a reward a tract of

Beating the air with wings of vast marshy land which, if drained, can desire be made to furnish food and the far realm of his greatToward ancestry. occupations for many people.

Mephisto, thinking that Faust deHe must go through life maintain- (Concluded on page 850) 822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA body always lessens your nervous tension. Overcoming Begin at home by trying various

relaxation exercises and thus learn how to relax easily. Then while

you are waiting to give your speech, STAGE try some of your exercises. Relax your arms, your fingers, your

neck muscles—inconspicuously, of FRIGHT course. Breathe deeply and evenly,

Walk up slowly to make your speech, as if you were confident of i5u cJC yourself. Look at your audience

DEPT. OF ENGLISH, U. OF WASH,, ST LOUIS, MO. for a moment—and perhaps smile

at them.

II Third, respect your listeners. Then plan to tell a humorous

TdEkE is no magic which will Usually they are intelligent people story—appropriate of course—at

eliminate the phenomenon who are listening because they the beginning of your speech or which the speaker calls "stage hope you have something worth whenever you begin to feel nervous.

tright."while to say; only petty individuals Laughter is a great aid to relaxaFor one thing, no two cases of are looking for your mistakes. Most tion; and if you and your listeners

stage fright are exactly alike. Some listeners give you all the moral can laugh together, you will both

are caused by a previous speaking support they can—they want you feel better.

failure, some by a lifelong fear of to succeed. If you cannot find a suitable joke

people. Some are revealed by such Fourth, forget yourself and conor story, plan to show a picture or

if symptoms as shaking knees and a centrate on your subject. The idea an object to your listeners, or

dry mouth, others by a lapse of you want to put across is much there is a blackboard, draw a diamemory. more important than the angle of gram on it—anything appropriate

To some speakers stage fright is your tie or the pitch of your voice. that will give you something to do

for it expresses itself advantage, with If your hands an and body. your

interested Be so in your subject to responsiveness in active, will a heightened you can be have an you that forget everything you except the situation, the ideas, and the sharing it with your listeners. outlet for your nervous energy; and audience. Many great speakers atreleased energy is much safer than

tribute part of their success to this Prepare thoroughly and prayerpent-up energy.

phenomenon; a thoroughbred waitfully. Know more about your subSpeak whenever you have the oping for a race is never calm and ject than your listeners do. Know portunity, and do your best each

quiet, they say. To other speakers, so much about it that you feel time. When 877 freshmen were

however, stage fright is devastating. confident that you have something tested at the University of Iowa,

It robs them of the efficient functo contribute to your listeners; we it was found that the poorest

tioning of their minds and bodies. always feel more secure if we are speakers were those with the least

What are the characteristics of giving to someone. Be so well prespeaking experience. Not only will

your stage fright? Whatever they pared that you could talk an hour a successful speech give you valumay be, they are deeply rooted in on the subject rather than the able practice on the essential speakyour total personality; they are a allotted five minutes. Never memoing skills, but it will also significantresult of the qualities of your body rize a speech—memorization forces ly increase your selfconfidence.

and mind, your past experiences, you to concentrate on words rather Successful experiences always breed and your dreams for the future. than thoughts—but plan your selfconfidence. On the other hand,

Eliminating them is a complicated ideas so carefully that you have no a hastily.prepared, illconceived

individual problem; nevertheless, if doubt about their sequence. speech will only establish more

you will take the following four Such preparation is well worth firmly your bad speech habits; and

simple steps, you'll be pleased with the hours it will probably take, for the resulting feeling of failure will your steady, though perhaps slow, it not only gives you selfconfidence, retard your progress. It is imimprovement. but it also makes you worthy to portant, therefore, that you make

Think the right thoughts about receive inspiration from God. If each speech the very best speech of

yourself and your listeners. First you prepare thoroughly and pray Vv'hich you are capable.

say, "I will,"not, "I can't."Defeathumbly, you cannot fail. William Jennings Bryan said,

is effectively ability to "The speak battle.ism has never any won On Relax! First, try to relax mentally rather a gift."than acquirement anthe with begins success other hand,

by concentrating on the words of Therefore, get a record of successthe knowledge that you can succeed.

Second, drop all pretenses. If the speakers who precede you on ful speaking experiences behind

you are pretending to be something the program. But if you are still you.

you are not or to know something excessively nervous, you must conGood luck to you! Remember

you d not know, you cannot feel centrate on relaxing physically as the first one hundred speeches are secure. well as mentally. Relaxing your the hardest.

DECEMBER 1949 823

-K

'J'heir childish expectant eyes gazed hopefully at the mysterious bag.

2) HRISIMAS Lii COD. vSu /okn Snerman l/iyaihef

A uiNTUS H. Claybaugh, soberly when he pressed his close contracts Keyes wheeled in a caddy with a

1 1'sipping ginger tea, settled deeper with those in his debt. But his tray of most tempting food—an

Y in his Morris chair, ruddy light closefisted policies had caused exquisitelyturned filet mignon, from the fireplace casting his many a man to dislike him wholepotatoes souffle, buttered asparagus shadow angularly up the wall to heartedly. tips, fluffy biscuit, a crisp salad, and

the high cocktail. ceiling of the oldfashioned He now had accumulated a fruit front room. Spoiling the pleasing effect, there

of mausoleum a staff mansion, a of glanced out He of the also, tray, great at of the one reposed end to three for care his bachelor needs, window, comfortably little contemplating labeled, "Dyspepsia a box a shiny sedan, new a substantial the snowflakes the hazing glare Tablets."of bank the dishke of account—and street buffeting lamps and passersin Placing the tray readiness everyone whoever had business against by the hunched wind. before Mr. Claybaugh, Keyes dealings with him.

Mr. Claybaugh did not exactly turned up the floor lamp.

gloat over the discomfort of his The master let a pudgy hand fall "Will that be all, sir?"

fellow men caught in such a storm. on a nearby handbell. Almost imMr. Claybaugh grumpily thrust

To gloat, one must assume the mediately his "gentleman's gentle- a finger at the pill box. Lacking

semblance of a smile, and the fleshy man"appeared. Mr. Claybaugh those particular pills, his meal would

jowls of Mr. Claybaugh had not spoke with the husky tones of one have been considered quite incomcreased themselves into a smile for who is hampered with a cold. plete. For a full minute he glared

longer than he or any of his house- "You can bring it in now, Keyes, at the open carton, then exploded.

rightly hold say. could lights turn the and up a bit.""KEYES!—where!"my pink stayed sir."True, he good, within the law "Very pills? These are purple—are

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Keyes could only stare in horperson inside—into as moviemad a a side door, oucside into the nippy

rified unbelief. scene as he ever hoped to witness air, before the open end of a truck.

"They're marked in the usual again. A Santa on the truck grabbed his

way, sir. But I'll send Preston at In stupefied amazement he glared hand in an unbreakable grip, and a

once to exchange them. The stores at the bizarre bedlam—of Kris helpful Kris gave him a powerful

alleeoop from the rear-—to depositwill still be open, I'm sure—it being Kringles—dozen of them—in red

Christmas Eve."pants and blouses and black boots; him among other Santa Glauses, his

feet anchored by bulging bags of "Christmas Eve!—that's the cause whitewhiskered, masked Santas, in

toys.of all this infernal neghgence!"every stage of costuming—clerks

Mr. Claybaugh bounced to his hovering around them with helping He shivered as sleety snow beat

feet, nearly upsetting the tray with hands. against the truck, now whisking

its untouched food, and strode back For just one moment Mr. Clayalong through the night, he knew

and forth in front of the fireplace. baugh started in frustration, then not where. Several times the truck

to the the driver and came another exactly stopped, could not he remember bit of even "Christmas—just called out a numrear opening and falderal to draw gulliblecommercial to him. happened what

ber. people down to the stores—to buy A strongarmed clerk helpfully

tinsel and toys and Christmas trees! propelled him to a chair, relieving Number one, his bag on his back,

He blew his reddening nose him of his coat and barking instruchad been left three blocks back;

vigorously and blinked coldshot tions into his ear. number two was being helped out

eyes. now—and so it went. Three, four

"Why, confound it, I can't eat a and finally number nine was called bite without those pills."out as the truck lurched to a stop.

Snatching up the box of offend- "Number Nine, let's goi Here's ing pills, Quintus H. stomped your house. Just knock at the door

toward the door, throwing a greatand deliver your toys. You can wait

coat about his shoulders. inside until we come back to pick

"We'll see about this. I'm going

down there and rout out that nitwit ti J-JuNGRY Kris?...

'derk at Salms personally. Call There's oodles of Irish steiv.

Preston, and have the car out here Care for that\ right away. This wont happen

again!""I hope not, sir. I'll have the car

around at once.""Here, my man, sit down and

It is conjectural what might have take off your shoes. I'll help you.

happened in the tinselstrewn All the others are ready. Where

festivity of Salms, Inc., drug and have you been? Truck leaves in ten

department emporium if, at the minutes. Hey, Tom—10-A boots

moment, Mr. Claybaugh had been for Number Nine, he's just come in.

in full voice as he glowered at the And bring the toybag over. Snap

titiantopped information clerk. As it up—he's the last to fix up."

it was, Mr. Claybaugh, his ample Someone was hurling red mantles

mouth open to deliver a tirade, bebefore his eyes. A red, whitetrim-

came suddenly aware that his voice med cap was clamped on his head;

had all but disappeared. a red blouse and pants were flung

The discovery, in waveof-theon his knees; and his feet were

wand fashion, changed Quintus being squeezed into high black

Claybaugh from a charging wild boots. His perspiring, purpling face

bull into the mildest lamb—against was almost smothered in a stiff

his raging will, of course. His lips mask, tied at the back of his head.

demanded, but mutely, "I want to "Stand up, please; just pull"the

see the manager of the complaint pants on over your others.

department."Mr. Claybaugh stood up with a

The pretty girl lipread his wildjerk—to fight. But his feet were

eyed but silent demand. hobbled with a pair of crimson

"Elevator to your left, sir. The pants. To allow locomotion, Quintus

adjustment department is on the pulled them up. Gamely again he

basement floor."tried a gesture of defiance, flinging

The downward plunge of the his arms upward—exactly the right

elevator did not help the queasy position for having them encased in uneasiness of Mr. Claybaugh, who the red arms of a blouse, which you up. Your pay will be ready for

wondered if his vocal organs had plopped down over his head and you at the office after you're become permanently impaired. shoulders. through. Number Nine—-"

He wrenched open the door of The tinsel nightmare now caught The big Santa next to him gave "Adjustments"and hurled his large him up in a stampede of Santas for {Continued on page 866)

DECEMBER 1949 825 "...it bein

M HRISTMAS...

.X'tfUS?. iOw yibert <=J. obeli,

>>e< iH turned from missions through KenGreat Salt Lake City on Christmas tucky and Tennessee, having travelday 1852, on horseback, playing ed fifteen hundred miles, of which before the houses of the First Presinine hundred were on foot.'dency and the members of the

In 1841 Brigham Young, Heber Council of the Twelve.

C. Kimball, Orson Pratt, Wilford Christmas was regularly a day

Woodruff, John Taylor, and their of thanksgiving and of dedication.

wives and Willard Richards spent On that day, in 1854, the Seventies'the evening at Hiram Kimball's Hall was dedicated,"while 1860 saw to Elder Young's invitation t'resident Brigham Levi home in Nauvoo, and after supper, the dedication of the private schoolfar East, ffothe missionary returned Savage, to a Christmas party, 7 856 Hiram Kimball gave each of the house of Brigham Young.'

Twelve Apostles a fractional lot of President Brigham Young gave

a magic word:wo additions,'dence, the Lion House, on ChristCHRISTMAS—it's land lying on the west side of his an entertainment in his new resito help us remember that season After the heartrending exodus mas evening, 1856, for a large numof years gone by. And as you from Nauvoo, Robert S. Bliss deber of missionaries lately returned

have your family gathered about scribed that first Christmas in from foreign missions, and a few you, have you ever wondered how pioneer Utah: brethren and their wives. President

the Prophet Joseph Smith, Brigham Young gave a fatherly welcome

Young, and other Authorities of the The snow is now nearly gone and the and counseled his guests to enjoy

Church have spent the day? weather fine. Today we awakened by the themselves in singing, conversation,

spent the day of was cannon and 1835 the firing day preaching. On Christmas The repraying, and by in amusements in and some by work recorded: Joseph Smith Prophet went on: occasion port of the plays by dances and at night others and

I old of visited one people. the my young

family with myself at home my Enjoyed Illinois of out often driven as he remembered, was neighbors who Brigham Young time the only Christmas, it being all day, fine Christmas the of a party, partook a guests to myself that in inviting and with does, satisfactorily so this privilege had I have feelings, in his to limitations Hinner.'numbers, only

for a long period. was the extent of room for their accomCaptain Pitt's band of twentysix modation, hence had he suitable room, he

later, Christmas Day years Three until he had to stop wish never musicians promenaded the streets of would all thrilling exin the Saint every Latterday invited there many were 1838, periences retold as Don Carlos nUd..'loiirnal 3:241History December 25, 1841 world.

Smith, the Prophet's brother, and 'hid., December 25. 1847 "'/fold., December 25. 1852

George A. Smith, his cousin, reHbid..'Ibid. DecemberDecember 25,25, 18601854

iD. H. C. 2:345 'ibid.. December 25, 1856

The bookshelf of the late George D. Pyper, composed o books presented through the years by President Heber J. Grant.

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President George Albert Smith's

Christmas greetings have been beautiful with the essence of simplicity. The year 1945 saw the

hghts go on again all over the world, and his card pictured the lighted spires of the Salt Lake Temple.

minder—fromInside the cardtheboreBeatitudes.a scripturalTherevvwvp?**5ij. following two years, 1946 and 1947,

were years to recall history with the

Utah Centennial. His cards were

"A Pioneer Horizon"and the "This

Is the Place"Monument, and last year his card was the appropriate:

Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give

I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled,

President George Albert Smith's neither let it be afraid.

Christrr}as greetings, 1945, 1946, and 1947. Today there are more called to

administrative and teaching positions in the building up of the kingdom than at any time in the history of the Church. We hope that each

can say this year, as the Prophet

During the Civil War, 1862, the the Church, and the resultant breakJoseph Smith recorded 114 years

Salt Lake Theatre had as its Christup of happy family life dampened ago:

mas feature the plays "The Honey the outward manifestation of the myself Enjoyed at home with my family spirit of Christmas. the clearWith Miles'Boy,"and "Paddy Moon"

... day, it being Christmas,

of the difficulty ing up there were all a patriotic address Banand "The ner of Our Country.""theater parties and recitations like And to the thousands of misThe first Christmas cards seem old times. Bishop Orson F. Whitsionaries in the field, each with his

to have been printed in London ney's readings during an intermisproud yet humble family at home:

of the Christmas play at the 1846, that It is believed not sion about soon Christmas wonderful May that Salt Lake Theatre in 1892 brought quite cards one thousand were family you join your and come when printed that year. However, the the "most generous applause."enrich their lives by retelling excustom of sending cards to friends President Lorenzo Snow, who periences in the mission field.

and acquaintances did not become presided over the Church at the turn popular until about 1860.'"How of the century, used to write poetry, isjohn 14:27

long it took the idea to come across which he sent to his friends as his the sea to the American west is not seasons'greetings.'''

known, but with missionaries and President Heber J. Grant used to

converts coming from England, and buy books to give to his friends.

from all the world. Salt Lake City Ofttimes he would buy an entire

was sure to find itself more cosedition of four or five thousand mopolitan than many of the cities copies of a book he particularly on the eastern coast. liked. During the 193536 university

President Heber J. Grant used to year. President Grant went to Brig- M

recall how, as a young man, he ham Young University where his wrote New Years'cards: portrait was to be unveiled in the

Heber J. Grant library. In answer to

I once made twenty dollars on New an inquiry the school's president.

Year's day by writing forty dozen cards Dr. Franklin S. Harris, told Presithe with "Happy Year"man's and New the library dent Grant that had over written in thename corner. next The

In I yinil hundred thousand volumes. I Year's five one inNew day $37.50 made

hours. I wrote on fifty dozen cards the his address that followed, President

words "Happy New Year"and sold them Grant said that while he had never all, and had to write more."kept track of the number of books

he had given away, he believed that

The passage of the Edmundsthe number, too, would be about

Tucker law brought persecution to one hundred thousand."

''Ibid.. December 25, 1862

"TAe Christmas Eve Book, Lynn, Mass., 1945, '-Journal History, December 25, 1892

p. "THE15 IMPROVEMENT ERA, 39 702 ''Conversation"The Improvementwith LeroiEra 39:704C. Snow card.President George Albert Smith's 1948 Christmas

DECEMBER 1949 827 (Revised)CHILDCRAFT THE CHILDRENS Inc., Chicago, IlON(Field Enterprises,

linois. 1949. 14 volumes. $69.50 (BooioiadL

for deluxe edition.)

of Childcraft editionnpHis new BRIGHT ARROWS HILL LITTLE conTHE volumes some fourteen in its tains (Grace Livingston Hill. J. B. Lippinillustrated by Harry and (Written

three thousand three hundred pages of Behn. Harcourt, Brace & Company, cott Co., Philadelphia. 1946. 247

illustrated edited, and wellselected, pages. $2.00.) pages. $2.00.) 58 York. all New of children for material reading in and Orphaned attractive Thurstion, small, "PDEN Little 'T'he 1949.Hill—a Seemingly parents. their and ages relatives, scheming with trouble pattern a of weaves poems volume spared been has expense or effort no

life unafraid difficulty of and the its faces simple in delightful imagery of selecjob. The possible best the to do

faith. "bright arrows"great with Her enjoyed will be doubt no which verses articles, and stories, the of poems, tion and meets start as she shining through children. as by grownups by as much great with been made has illustrations

falls in a love with young lawyer who around centered are poems the pleasing, The are layouts care. The of the problems untangle her in helps the drawings objects, and famihar complete, index the superb, printing

L. Z., her Jr. life.—A. magic. Some a special lend color durable. and attractive the bindings

Cactus, are Cat and Nap an titles contain six through one Volumes THE MOSS HOUSE ON Time, DARK last of all Spring and Thunderstorm, stories and and of poetry anthology Green Savery. Longmans, (Constance

provide a foundation of the best in Rain.—. /. M. and Co., New York, London, Toronto.

childhood literature. Large type as216 pages. $2.50.)

sures easy readability for children. THE DOOR IN THE WALL 'T'he orphaned Louis and Periwinkle

the ten of Marguerite illustrated by and of one hundred (Written work The find things strange Courtenay many is child artists and leading Doubleday Angeli. country's inde Co., Inc. going treacherous the marsh on around

cluded in the books. Volume seven, Garden City. 1949. 112 pages. regions which surround the home of

"Exploring the World Around Us,"$2.50.) their Uncle Morville, who has taken

will help acquaint the child with nanpHE recreation of the early Norman them into his home. Following a nearpictures thirtytwo ture. One hundred is unusual in England period catastrophe, breaks the marsh when

natural in full are reproduced romance, for those lives who love the its color in enough and threatens boundaries this book. Volume eight, "Creative and the story of courage as it is unof nearby villagers, many mysterious

Plays and Activities,"provides a folded in the life of Robin de Bureevents are untangled and many hearts guide to constructive pastimes and ford is strong enough for those who are softened toward the man who had hobbies. Volumes nine, ten, eleven, want a lesson. The illustrations are been unjustly hated by his tenants.

and twelve are designed to aid parents beautifully executed by the author. This is one mystery tale full of

in solving problems of child rearing The very young will enjoy hearing it suspense which can be recommended from babyhood through preadoles- read, and the ten to twelve will enjoy to young folk. D. L. G.

the bestcence, written by some of reading it for themselves.—M. C. /. eduand child psychologists known THE VERY LITTLE DOG

cators. Volume thirteen, "Art and (Grace Skaar. William R. Scott, Inc.,

1949. 20 pages.) York. contains reproductions Music,"New VELVET of NATIONAL historic homes, famous paintings, of the reading youngest the very "Cor William Morrow 6 (Enid Bagnold.

biographical sketches of famous comCo., Inc., New York. 1949. 307 pages. public—all about this very little

posers, description of instruments, $3.00.) dog—and how it grew. The book has

for written young songs especially ''hen this book appeared in 1935, threecolor illustrations. A. L. Z., /r. appreciapeople, to develop a child's

best a instantaneously it became for tion fourteen the arts. Volume W England. and in America seller both upto-theminute science is an on book

is it filmed, been having after discussions with of Today, industry and radio, television, transportation, telerepublished with double page illustraphone, telegraph, and plastics. This tions by Paul Brown that enhance the

set of books can fill an important need stirring story of a horse race. The

Velvet, particularly and family, Brown in or schools there in homes where apart even story interesting an become children. are growing D. L. G.

the won horse who piebald from the grand national. There is no age limit

FOXIE to those who will like this book.

(Ingri and Edgar Parin d'Aulaire.—M. C. J.

Doubleday & Co., Garden City. 1949.

$2.00.) SEARCH FOR GLORY

'T'his authorillustrator pair have pre- (Kevin Guinagh. Longmans, Green

pared so many good books that and Co., New York. 1946. 220 pages.

another one always makes news in $2.50.)

the children's book industry. This is piGHTEENTH century France is the

the story of a little dog who was lost scene of this book, and Pilatre, a for a time and learned circus tricks. pharmacist who experiments with the

But when he gave his act, his own Paris sewer gases and goes on to inis the central charmaster recognized him—and so all vent a gas mask,

ended happily. The illustrations are acter. His great experiment and

exceptional and the story of interest achievement, however, is with hot-

Z., /r. 'fhotograph by Elizabeth R. Hibbs to the vexy young.—M. C. /. air balloons. A. L.

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A SUNDAE WITH JUDY directions and clear diagrams are in- (Frieda Friedman. William Morrow cluded for making a variety of ve-

& Company, New York. 1949. 192 hicles ranging from scooters, jeeps,

pages. $3.00.) wagons, etc., to a model which can

"VTHHEN Judy Marshall was not in the be entered in the annual Soap Box candy store helping her father, Derby. Materials for all except the

she was in the midst of some comDerby racer can be obtained from munity project to help promote neighinexpensive sources such as fruit borliness. Perhaps that is one reason crates, and necessary tools can be

why so many of her friends met at found in almost any home or school the confectionery for those special workshop. D. L. G.

sundaes which her father had taught her to make. Judy proves that life HANK AND THE KITTEN

to an elevenyear-old can be most (Ruth Dudley; pictures by Louis

exciting if work and play are blended. Darling. William Morrow & Co., New

—. /. M. York. 1942. 62 pages.. $2,00.)

"Cor the child who is ready to thrill

CADMUS HENRY to the experience of reading for (Walter D. Edmonds. Dodd, Mead himself, this book is fascinating. Hank

& Company, New York. 1949. 137 is the pup who has to share with a

pages. $2.75.) new kitten. But when the kitten

Adults who thrilled to Drums Along disappears, Hank realizes how much the Mohawk will be glad to turn to it meant even to him. A. L. Z., Jr.

this book by the same author for their—Photograph by Hunton from Monkmeyer children. Written for high school SPHINX—THE STORY OF A

PLAY WITH PLANTS students and up, the book deals with CATERPILLAR (Millicent E. Selsam. Pictures by the Confederate Cadmus and his flight (Robert M. McClung. William MorJames Macdonald. William Morrow in the balloon over Union lines. His row & Co., New York. 1949. 48

6 Co., New York. 1949. 63 pages. friendship with a Northern girl leads pages. $2.00.

$2,00.) to—, but that would give the story 'T'he author is an assistant in the

will prove bookHThis department Birds and of Mammals in the est to everyone of greathome—andinteraway.olds it willFor betheoftwelveinterest.—M.to sixteenC. years/. at the Zoological Park, New York

will be provocative of interesting tells the story of the sphinx caterpillar activity during the months that lie MORE DANISH TALES from egg to moth. Half the pages

ahead. The author suggests also that (Retold by Mary C. Hatch. Illustrated. of this kiddies'book are done in

experimentation may go forward Harcourt, Brace & Co., New York. two colors. A, L. Z., /r.

even if the book does end. M. C. /. 1949, 237 pages. $2.50.)

SNOWSHOE PAWS HPhis second collection of Danish THE SMALLEST BOY IN (Written and illustrated by Margaret folk tales retold by Miss Hatch THE CLASS

S. Johnson. William Morrow & Co., comes from the Sven Grundtvig (Jerrold Beim. William Morrow 6

Illustrated.New York. 1949. 63 pages. $2.00.) classic Folkaeventyr. The stories Company, Inc., New York.

TThis book is printed in large type deserve to become part of the 1949. 52 pages. $2.00.)

that will be a pleasure for the heritage of every child who will learn 'T'he children called him Tiny because beginning reader to entertain himself much in an interesting manner from he was the smallest boy in the with. It is the story of Lanny, a sixthem. Teachers will likewise find the class, but his name was really Jim.

toed kitten, and Impy, a Pekinese dog. stories valuable for use in lessons. Jim hated being so small, and so he

—M. C. /.—M. C. /. tried his best to make more noise than

largest else drew the and anyone PRAIRIES OF THEVIC—A DOG playHis blackboard. the pictures on

C. Hinckle. William MorMELINDY'S HAPPY SUMMER (Thomas

him. he had laughed at Then mates Messner, Julian Faulkner, (Georgenerow & Co., New York. 1949. 192

chilthe that showed an experience pages. $2.50.) 182 Inc., New York.pages. $2.00.)

in is not stature measured that dren embarrassheld much summer the of HPhe of a dog'T'he dog—a the earned inches, he and feet and of the at home for Melindy ment his his to devotion prairie—andstory E. right to the ]. M. name Jim. disuntil they Gray, and Mrs. Mr. this of the basis form masteryoung

story. Episodes include the capturing covered that her "bragging"was

of horse thieves, and the mistaking of unintentional, and that although frightTHE BEST CHRISTMAS

Vic for a renegade dog who is destroyened of animals and water she risked (Lee Kingman. Illustrated. Doubleday

Garden City, New York. 1949. & Co., from Peggy save life to Baby getsing some her the dog how cattle—and pages. $1.50.) 95 when comes chmax drowning. The trapper. bait that is usedpoisoned by a

—A. L. Z., Jr. Melindy, a colored girl, is allowed to 'The story of how Erkki Seppala

sing the for every member RAILROADDAVIDS Music they thought and partCamp.—D.of Gretel L.at G.the Treeof hismadefamilyChristmaswhen he Woolley. William Morrow tops(Catherine

& Co., New York. 1949. 159 pages. that Matti Seppala, the eldest in the$2.00.) MAKE IT AND RIDE IT family, had been lost at sea. does

CixYEAR-OLD David, his pals, and his (C. J. Maginley. Harcourt, Brace and much to restore the true Christmas

dog, get into trouble designed for Co., New York. 120 pages. $2.00.) spirit. The Best Christmas comes

sixyear olds, not the least of which Tf your boy is one who has to be when each gives something of himis with David's railroad, which he remaking things or helping Dad, self, and Erkki gave of himself to ceived for Christmas. A. L. Z., /r, here's the book for him. Concise each member of the family.—M, C, /.

DFCEMBER 1949 829 FROM TEIV1PI E SQURE w By RICHARD L EVANS

ready, we shall begin to count it is too late. Things that come too

iounlina on Lharactef more on character and less on late often find that something else collateral, more on individual rehas filled their place. Sometimes

'T'here has long been a philosophy, *sponsibility and less on legislation, when people are struggling to estabtoo widely entertained, that a more on simple justice and less on lish themselves, there are some few personal weakness could be offset litigation, more on principle and friends who give them what help by a legal device; for example, less on expediency—because there and encouragement they can. But

there have been those who have supisn't any security or any safe and when they finally "arrive,"they find posed that if a man weren't fundasure future for any one except on many "friends"flocking to them.

mentally honest, you could make the basis of personal integrity and And those who wouldn't lift a him honest merely by passing a individual responsibility. If you hand when it was most needed often

law against dishonesty or that if a can't count on character, you can't eagerly extend open arms. When

man weren't moral, you could ascount on anything—for long. people are "out of the woods,"the

sure his morality by legislating—October 9, 1949 windows open, and offers of seragainst immorality. And this line Revised vices and assistance are poured out

of thinking has gone yet furtherupon them where there were none to the point where sometimes colto be found before. Sometimes

writtenlateral and and contracts 2).unaefou their attack, people under when <=JJeiar reto are presumedcommitments perhaps friends fade away-—exceptare

forBut,place character. lest we that are done too late npHiNGS prove or two, or a few one who

get it, integrity of character is still don't count. At least, they themselves to be "friends in need."

an indispensable element in any don't count as much as things that And then after they have been transaction, regardless of what are done when they should be done. through the battle, their fairother safeguards may be insisted Time is an element in everything we weather friends begin to drift back

upon. This isn't true only of peodo—and it often runs out on us and wish them well. There are

ple individually; it is true also of when we indulge in dangerous demany things in life that must be

organizations and institutions, and lays. Often when children are done when they must be done.

even of nations, because nations and asked to do something, they answer, When time runs out, we may make other institutions are only people, "In a minute!"But their minutes some recovery. We may be pergovernments and other organizaare often multiplied. And when mitted to play again another day.

tions are only men—and agreements they finally do what they have been We may convince others that we

are often not worth much more asked to do, it is often at their own have repented. But it is hazardthan the integrity of those who are convenience. But there is a big ous to leave things too late. Great

responsible for them. He who has difference between doing something regrets often come from dangerous

the word of a man of honor has when we ought to do it and doing delays. It is much safer to score

something to count on, but he who something when we get "good and before the gun has ended the game.

has only a written document may ready."Performances after the—October 16, 1949

have only a written document, beshow is over don't mean much. Copyright. King Features

cause history, both past and current, Touchdowns made after time has has proved that there is no security been called don't count. Medicine

that cannot be sabotaged, no strong administered after the patient has \.Jn (Licaplna l-enaltied

box that cannot be broken, no recovered—or died—doesn't do any

treaty or trust that cannot be viogood, either. The doctor's prescripCoMETiMES the question is asked:

lated, no oath that cannot be distion had better be taken when the Just how effective is the threat honored, unless behind all these illness is acute, without waiting for of punishment in keeping men from things there are men of high princifatal or favorable results. Kindness doing things they shouldn't do? To

ple. The only relationships in this and comfort and consideration that this, we must frankly answer that

Avorld that have ever been really are offered too late don't count often the mere threat of punishment worth while and enduring, have for much, either. We need kinddoesn't seem to be very effective

been those in which one man could ness and encouragement when we perhaps because so many men are trust another—in which men could need it. And one encouraging word apparently willing to gamble on the

trust men. And maybe one of these at a critical time would mean much chance of avoiding punishment for

days, if we haven't done so almore than a thousand words after their errors. In contemplating some

830, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA misdeed, they often weigh the supwhether it is known to others or know did "hurt"us, but we didn't posed pleasures against the possible not—and anyone who gambles know that it "hurt"us. And that

penalties and then they weigh the against this fact has already lost is not intelligent happiness. It is

chances of escaping the penalties his gamble. a dangerous and unhappy kind of

and act accordingly. Especially Revised -October 23, 1949 socalled happiness. Sometimes if

would it seem that punishments we would shake ourselves sooner which are postponed to a remote and face facts earlier, we might be hereafter are often not very efbetter prepared for some of the fective in causing men to give up SJke ijU56 of Jri9 novance sharp swords we have to meet in the error of their ways. Heaven T HAS been some two centuries life. And yet we sometimes seem

I like so far to seems tosometimes be deceived. Many men away—and wrote this Gray since Thomas

hold litawhat seems far away make may good living out of other is sentence: ignorance "Where

tle fear for the present. But quite bliss, 'tis folly to be wise,"thus men's willingness to be deceived.

is anapart from the prospect of remote perpetuating a muchquoted phrase The professional magician punishment, it would be well to honest sort of deceiver. We know on a muchmisunderstood assumpof certainty absolute the beforehand that hisconsider is to purpose tion: that what don't know we

If us, deceive punishment. we doimmediate are and not pleased we us. hurt doesn't There comes

if his to with do, even shouldn't performancesomething unless we does. he old, old of story giant mind an the

lo one else knows it, the gnawwho was complacently confident of But the dishonest deceiver is quite ing accusation inside is one form of his invincibihty. But he was another thing. And perhaps the punishunavoidable deceivers of all andimmediate are those who challenged a contender by who had worst

is deliberately of others accusation deceive themselves. ment. The We a sword of exceeding sharpness, only intermittent, but our own inmay think it is fun to be fooled. which sword with one mighty stroke

think that what we don'tward accusation can be constant. cut through the giant's body, so We may

ifThere may be those who we may quickly and cleanly, so says the know doesn't hurt us—but

think have done some misdeed or story, that the giant didn't feel it. bacteria have been undermining us

first at malpractice without participated producing in some symptoms, enjoying the bhss ignoof He was still but "hurt."been If terwithout punishment, we have if we think rance, that not knowing cut he was

so, it is only because we don't know in two, until his challenger said: mites have been boring at the beams

it, without inside them. There our the knowing goes on housewhat

yourself."the "Shake when And

If has still exact "hurt."not thieves does been which is no misdeed

himself, apart. giant shook he fell

its own penalty. There is no kind When some of us shake ourselves have looted the safe without immalpractice, of discovery, mediate the consequences has the owner face facts, of and nearly be may not we

are reserved which wholly for the still been "hurt."There be may

in so "happy,"a sense, as when we pleasant and permissible dehereafter. We may gamble on outignored facts hut the facts were some

facts ceptions, wiser to face smarting gamble the law; but it is we may there all the time. What we didn't

if of facts heavremoteness the seeming on unfavorable to change and en and the hereafter; we may gamwe can and adjust to them if we

ble on the leniency of men and the can't. Safe and sound happiness

mercy of God—but there is nothing sees through open eyes—and is not

more certain in this world than the the false "bliss"that refuses to face certainty that every thought and act facts.

of our lives has its impact upon us. Copyright, King Features—October 30, 1949

TJTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide RADIO network THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SySTEM EVERY SuNDAY AT 11:30 A.M.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from page 801) through his beloved Son Jesus Christ, to the anywhere that I have been ashamed to testify end that we may gain exaltation in the to these truths. I do not know why a man celestial kingdom when our life's labors in

should be ashamed of knowing the truth mortality are completed.

because somebody else does not know it, esAnd at this season, and at all seasons, pecially when it pertains to the gospel which may the Lord bless us with health, opportuis the power of God unto salvation. nity, vision, wisdom, and a desire to serve

I pray that we may continue to worship with increasing faith our Father who is in the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, heaven.

DECEMBER 1949 H S31 v

left for the passing years an invaluable record of

Our Sunday School Jubilee history and prophecy, and has inspired the present.

The Lord has blessed the Sunday Schools /NE HUNDRED years ago, in 1849, Richard Ballantyne, convert from Scotland, organized greatly; and they have been a blessing to the Church. We thank the Lord for them! the first Sunday School in the valleys of the

Schools Before the Sunday lies an immeasurable then Salt Lake City was Mountains. Rocky

opportunity. It uses the choicest of the period graduwas years old. The population barely two

week for the work, when in young and old there ally increasing as the pioneers filtered slowly over the toilsome, desert roads. It was a time of is a sense of freedom from the routine of life.

Within the Sabbath Schools lies the power to pioneer hardships. Richard Ballantyne's heart

grew tender as he saw the children of the traveldevelop in every Church member a firm, intelworn pioneers. The future lay in the hands of ligent testimony of the truth of the eternal gospel

the children! They must be nourished with the restored through Joseph Smith, Prophet of God. The recently appointed capable superintentruth for which their parents had entered the

dency. Dr. George R. Hill, A. Hamer Reiser, and uninviting, forbidding wilderness!

So the Sunday Schools were born in the Rocky David L. McKay, trained in the spirit of the

Mountains. In this year, 1949, the Sunday work, will build distinguished years upon the

Schools have been celebrating, joyously, the hunfoundation laid by the labors of the past.

dred years of continuous, expanding, noble serMay the Sunday Schools be prospered by the

Lord on their progressive way!

vice. its readers salute It is a churchwide jubilee, for all members The Improvement Era and of the Church look back, the adults with a touch the Sunday Schools of the Church upon their of nostalgia, upon the Sunday mornings, scrubbed distinguished centennial record and pray that and in best clothes, they spent in Sunday School. their coming years may spread far and wide,

The teachings of those days have echoed throughthrough human hearts and works, the message of

A. W. out life, have been as foundations for worthy efeternal truth.—/.

forts of life.

The Sunday Schools have grown. Now they

offer instruction and time for needed spiritual CHRISTMAS SEASON contemplation to all, from childhood to old age.

By Leah Sherman In the sacred, restful Sunday morning, in wellorganized classes, the vast but simple gospel mes- 'X'hrough endless years of crisp December sage is taught and discussed, as perhaps nowhere -* days else. The Sunday Schools may well claim to be The Christmas spirit has endured, to now;

our church university of theological lore. The blase commercialism of our ways

Cannot keep tinsel from the hollyed bough.

Tens of thousands of gospelloving men and Cold winds are warmed by fanning women, lesson writers, teachers, and officers, have friendship's fire.

made possible the notable career of the Sunday As thosegifts weare love.planned for friends and

School. It has taken thought and forethought, Christ's spirit enters home and churchly

spire planning and execution of plans. These workers With

may be forgotten by name, but the results of The nightessenceour mistedMary mothered,over from atabove.the inn

their sacrifices live and are imperishable. A Son destined to rule the world of men

sin The devoted army of Sunday School workers ToWas heartlessbut a transienttyrants, hour'sas thelapsemen ofwere has had magnificent leadership. Two presidents then.

of the Church have been general superintendents: Now Christmas spirit is a warming flame

Lorenzo Snow and Joseph F. Smith. Such men That enters hearts of men, at Jesus'name.

as George Q. Cannon, Karl G. Maeser, George

Goddard, Joseph M. Tanner, David O. McKay,

George D. Pyper, Milton Bennion, and an unnumbered host of general, stake, and ward officers have, from time to time, shaped the destiny

of the Sunday Schools. Men and women, great

and small, have felt honored to serve the Sunday

School movement.

The printed organ of the Sunday Schools, first the Juvenile Instructor, now The Instructor, has

832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'i- 'viaetice0

self and every person on earth. By that contact he

against sin, warn point out to the path righteousLjodi '.? may cxL.m ket'e am ness, to give guidance really love the all who gospel,

'T'he Latterday Saints believe in one supreme God. and become a witness of truth when it is found. Thus,

through the influence the from is Ghost, Holy man direct our Father, is to the we whom God, He never alone but in be may always the of presence Christ. the Associated of Jesus, in the prayers, name

divinity. Christ, the his and Son, are Jesus the Father with This revealed doctrine the of composition nature and distinct and separate three These Ghost. the Holy of the teaches that there Godhead at are least three the governing Godhead, the constitute personages Gods. Prophet The Smith, Joseph challenged unby universe. the of council

believers that he taught plurality a of in replied Gods, said, this Brigham Young view, of confirmation In a "I sermon, will preach the I plurality of on Gods. all things from organized that is has a Power "There

this have selected text for that express purpose. I wish of space. floats in immensity the that matter the crude

I to declare in all always, have and congregations this material life to and form, motion given has He

I when have the it preached subject on the of Deity, that belights small great and the has world; made

spangle the firmament above; has allotted to them their has been the plurality of Gods. It has been preacfied

times and their seasons, and has marked out their by the elders for fifteen years.

spheres. He has caused the air and the waters to "I have always declared God to be a distinct perteem with life, and covered the hills and plains with sonage, Jesus Christ, a separate and distinct personcreeping things, and has made man to be a ruler over age from God the Father, and that the Holy Ghost

his creations. All these wonders are the works of the was a distinct personage and a Spirit: and these three

Almighty Ruler of the universe, in whom we believe constitute three distinct personages and three Gods.

and whom we worship."... If this is in accordance with the New Testament, lo

"All the creations are his work, and they are for his and behold! we have three Gods anyhow, and they

glory and for the benefit of the children of men; and are plural; and who can contradict it?"'

all things are put into the possession of man for his However, in the restored gospel the word god does comfort, improvement and consolation, and for his not always refer to the governing council of the Gods;

health, wealth, beauty and excellency.""the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. There are in the

President Young continued his testimony by deuniverse innumerable intelligent beings, some of whom claring, "Our faith is concentrated in the Son of God, have come to this earth. These beings, if faithful to

and through him in the Father; and the Holy Ghost is the law of the Eternal Father, are steadily progressing

their minister to bring truths to our remembrance, to toward his likeness. Those who have risen high in

reveal new truths to us, and teach, guide, and direct their progressive development are often spoken of as the course of every mind, until we become perfected gods. This is thoroughly consistent with the doctrine

and prepared to go home, where we can see and conthat all are children of God the Father, therefore of verse with our Father in Heaven."his nature, and capable of rising towards his image.

"The Holy Ghost, we beUeve, is one of the charThis promise is clearly stated in a revelation td the acters that form the Trinity, or the Godhead. Not Prophet Joseph Smith, wherein the destiny of the

one person in three, nor three persons in one; but faithful is discussed:

the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are one in essence, "Wherefore, as it is written, they are gods, even as the hearts of three men who are united in all things. the sons of God.""

He is one of the three characters we believe in, Likewise, speaking of the faithful, "then shall they be whose office it is to administer to those of the human gods, because they have no end."'

family who love the truth. I have stated that they The plurality of gods is further stated in contemplaare one, as the hearts of three men might be one."'tion of the wonderful laws, things, and properties of

The Church believes and teaches that the personages the universe.

of the Trinity are distinct personalities but that they "According to that which was ordained in the midst are as one because they are united in all things of faith of the Council of the Eternal God of all other gods and action. before this world was."

Undoubtedly, in working out the Father's plan of While then, there are many gods there should distinction clear the a between nevertheless be Holy salvation, the three of the members may Godhead of righteous labors because those Trinity have and who different have had assignments. commisJesus was

title gods. of the won it, to sioned organize earth, the to place upon man

in this doctrine mind, President Brigham With for to secure eternal his body, association man with sermon"the construed has been preached which Young through his atonement the upon cross, and when the that is the to teach enemies God Adam we to whom time comes, of by to the to present the results Father man's journey on earth so that proper judgment maypray and whom we worship. President Young merely

be rendered. followed the sound doctrine taught by Joseph Smith

is finished, story that the heads of all when the earth to help the given The high office Holy Ghost was will deliver the dispensations to their stewardships salvation. This he for truth searching weak win man

would accomplish by establishing contact between him- (Concluded on page 864)

Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 370

Discourses of Brigham Young, (1943 ed. 18 "D. 6 C, 76:58

Vbid., 132;20

Ibid.. p. 26 SD. & C, 121:32

*lbid.. p. 30 Journal of Discourses, 1:50

DECEMBER 1949 833 eieaize

i* r?yvxdm MISSIONARY WORK hasperiodrecorded,from 1937over theto twelve1948, 1248year baptisms through stake missionary at lome endeavor, or an average of 104 converts each year.

to called are Wherefore, you tributed during the year, ( Over Stake of southwestern Woodruff this people. unto repentance cry titles one hundred covering almost reported from twentyWyoming if that should it so be you And subject every of the gospel to thirtythree were seven missionaries in all recrying labor your days

/'''1* tty:* 1'"! on'stake"miss7ons"during"l 948? And this people, unto and pentance!!!'.!'lAi"page tracts and pamphlets. ) These they persons baptized seventeen bring, save it be unto me, one soul

how great shall be your joy with missionaries also loaned 3453 and over fifteen years of age, and sixhim in the kingdom of my Father! sold 5601 copies of the Book of teen persons under fifteen years of

And now, if your joy will be Mormon during the year. age, and brought 126 inactive memgreat with one soul that you have Missionaries are called to serve in bers back into Church activity.

will great unto brought me, how the stake missions for periods exStake, (California) Beach Long if joy bring your be should you to pected be in two years duration. the of stakes largest of the one souls unto (D. me! C- many 6 Stake mission presidents usually largest of the and Church, has one 18:1416.)

serve longer. During this period most effective missionary forces. In

TiANY people believe that one must it is advisable that they be released 1948, with a missionary force of 1 19 members, they be called on a mission away from all other Church activity, so between 103 and from home, perhaps to a foreign that they can spend as much time baptized 137 persons, fortyseven of land, in order to partake of this as possible in this important work. whom were over fifteen years of

Ogden Stake had an average age. promise of modern scripture. But

during the year 1948, an average of 3636 stake missionaries were quietly spending their evenings and their spare afternoons, discussing More Than Doorto-Door the gospel with their nonmember

Qtake missionaries of the Moapa (Nevada) Stake are doing friends and neighbors. And during

that calendar year a total of 2494 more than tracting from doorto-door: but the change was

baptisms were reported by the stake suggested in an interesting way.

missions to the office of the First The ministerial association of Las Vegas conducted a survey

Council of the Seventy, directors in the city schools to determine the religious affiliation or religious of the program. From all indicapreference of the students.

tions, based on a study of the first A surprising number of students wrote in "L. D. S."as a

nine months of 1949, that enviable preference.

record will be equaled or exceeded There was no representative of the Church in the association, in the year now drawing to a close. but the minister separating these cards into groups contacted

Moapa Stake President Bryan L. Bunker to show him something Think of it! Nearly twentyfive

hundred converts to the Church in "interesting."President Bunker obtained the cards. The stake missionthe stakes of Zion by missionaries

who are called, not to leave their aries are now using these cards from children who indicated an

S. religious L. D. preference, and are contacting their parentsfamilies and their employment,

results. gratifying but with very

to labor a minimum of two evenings a week, and more if they can so arrange it. In 1948 they spent an

aggregate of 511,767 hours in misof nineteen missionaries in the Weiser Stake, largely an agrisionary work, which brought the "field,"and they performed fortycultural stake with wards in both

Church a convert for every 205.2 nine baptisms in 1948. Oregon and Idaho, had between

hours of activity, or statistically, The stake which now bears the fortytwo and fiftythree mission-.686 baptisms for each missionary name San Fernando* (California) aries in the field as they reported

tocalled the service. 248,524 Some month, during by 1948. They first the *For several years this area monthtracts and pamphlets were overbaptized as persons twentyfour the Pasade'na diswas Stake. known

litteeii years ot age and tourteen must noi biiyiiL any means that IS one ot tne respvjjLiiOiUties of the persons under fifteen years of age, will aid in reaching those who would office of a seventy, this does not and brought fortyseven inactive have their hearts touched by the mean that all stake missionaries members of the Church back into message of the gospel. And it must be ordained to that office. A

activity. seems that the people who live great many high priests, elders, and

Liberty (Salt Lake City) Stake, right around the corner, or halfway sisters have been called to this with a missionary force in 1948 of up the next block, are in a missionactivity. And those who love the

a burning have gospel and as any. restored field that is as receptive ary fortynine and sixtyseven,between

their neighit with share desire to of the Seventy First Council The persons, seventyeightbaptized a harvest a are reaping and stake bors the years, directed for has, Durwere adults. of whom:wenty

is their that satisfaction beyond for the Church. program mission 120 baptized this stake ng 1947

vvith a missionary force of between While the preaching of the gospel fondest dreams.

fiftyfour and sixtysix in the field.

fiftyone to from fortysevenWith year NOIIOIOR-TOBACCO the laboring in missionaries 1945, 104 baptisms were reported LOiOum.n

in this city residential area.

Arizona stake St. a rural Joseph,

mis- (conducted m IDf. oieph.r. fl'lernil'to seventeen twelve from with

sionaries called in 1948, baptized thirteen adults and four persons On the Trail of the Alcohol Problem the common use of alcohol as a beverpart, small It is in a problem only age. the ages of nine and fifbetween of thousands men alcoholism. of The title, the CUpsheet the above T Tnder teen. mornevery courts in our appear who traffic that the liquor reported

At least three of the stake misis profoundly disturbed when men ing, particularly after the weekend or sions have radio programs to help and women begin to think about a holiday, are not, in the majority of them spread the glad tidings of the alcohol problem. The traffic has cases, alcoholics.

'he restored gospel: Lyman good reasons for this as indicated by Alcoholism, as a matter of fact,

; Wyoming) Stake, Moapa (Nethe overwhelming recent defeat in the despite its being our fourth public

part is the major not problem, health the proposition of (Ariin election Oklahoma Maricopa Stake, and /ada)

It is clearly problem. alcohol the of prohibition. repeal to Stake. zona) to reprehensible, say not to absurd, at featured are tactics used The City) (Salt Lake View Temple arises out all alcoholism that pretend movements: present two by great a that has of pecuUarities a stake Stake, psychological the of

many tourist lodges within its 1. The effort to convince the people abnormal individuals. It is true that

boundaries, for the past several that there is no alcohol problem but only a large proportion of the problem has of alcoholism larger problem even an origin, but an such the a tracting among been has years public the effort convince to 2. The the custom of out arises proportion visit Salt Lake yearly tourists who of use is to the due alcoholism that not alcohol. drinking of deCity. personality to underlying alcohol but Merrill Alexander, Leo Doctors problem true the constitute ficiencies which of perthink baptisms While we say: Myerson Abraham and Moore,

missionof think formed when we is if no there were truth the But may claim anyone of what Irrespective missionaries these ary still in there would whatever, alcoholism problems personality underlying about more our that social fact remains of vast the problem addict, an alcohol inbe endeavor,neighbors—brought chronic the

active members of the Church back and economic significance. without alcohol taken to excess alcoholism

into activity in 1948 than they A recent newspaper clipping reports does not occur.

to shot father that a was peacemaker members baptized Director Jellinek, E. converts—3227 Dr. to M. Listen

fist in a intervened he death when the Studies: of working joy have found who Alcohol of School Yale the of

of sons. his fight One two between its in organizations the and Church

so many with society, complex a and In critically wounded the boys was again. or neurotic the have work, at we tensions charge. a murder arrested other the on

that natural is It personality. the stakes examples from diseased These the find story, of the the we end At intoxication to recourse take should they to selected can be show what were his and significant words, "James others. They than degree larger a to

is in rural being todrinking out been brother the had of percent done—forty done—what constitute probably

and in urban communities, in comgether."inebriate population, but sixty percent

entirely an from alcoholism is strong the to munities not where Church comes were men young These two of course the in only origin and normal tradition, full unfortunate affair was the pioneer of and alcohohcs. The and release. seeking not are drink. They alcoholism. of of the problem part no in the Church where communities of habits certain to conforming arc They evireported is in the fact no There its stakes comparative are newand their set. young either of the two thatcomers. dence

It they seems drunk. were And again: "Any normal person may men was

The Church and its membership just "under the influence."become an alcoholic."

is under a divine obligation to tiundreds of such reports come from In the words of Dr. Robert Fleming preach the gospel to the world—to all parts of the country. They present of the fiarvard Medical School:

all who will receive it. And while an infinite variety of detail. In the It takes some people longer than others

missionaries at their reunions might aggregate, they constitute a national to attain addiction but no human being proclaim their mission field to be disaster every day. It is a problem can be regarded as immune.

the "best of all,"we cannot, we of alcohol and the alcohol custom, and {Concluded on page 848)

DECEMBER 1949 L.D.S. Girls

Aaronic Priesthood Youtli Socldls to Iflcludc All Mefflbcrs Whcthcr Award Winners or Not

The Girl's Point of View was warmed when she recalled that once he had said, "forbid them not."

"Deverly had hstened for fifteen min- "How could they forget his exutes while her companions, Donna ample?"she mused, as she opened the

and Pat, had recounted the fastmov- front door to her home and said, "O ing events of the night before when well! at least I am welcome here."

the bishopric and their workers had given a very special party for the Not Invited

L, D. S. girls, that is, for certain of the

L.D.S. girls. Ctake and ward leaders of the

Pat's detailed description of the Aaronic Priesthood and L.D.S.

heartwarming welcome at the door, girl programs will easily recognize in the tables and decorations, the fivethese homespun parables the fact that course turkey dinner, the spicy, neverany such experiences are most undull program, and even the charming fortunate and should be carefully

The Boy's Point of View outfits the girls wore, left nothing to avoided in the planning of all our be desired in such a social for "girls social programs for youth. We canto offend. afford not seriously We his only."in his leaned on elbowr EORGE

it is possible, question ever whether "And the speaker!"Donna broke in, just the blind raised high bed and

circumstance, to under any honor do heard never wonderful "we so many to going see on whatenough was a special offending to or without few suggestions. of sense a rich had He street the atacross A. 5:00 M. A if of feelings disturbing the many, not exactly to use humor and knew when in just rolled frontlarge bus had up

all, less of the fortunate v/ho not were it for feeling that to comeup-forair it chapel;of of the those wasn't one

"puddle jumper"buses either; it was punctuate those tense moments when invited.

the kind that any boy of sixteen would he analyzed our problems and sugWe know of no special function, only, winners which has for award conduct."our seats, gested to ridegive plenty in—deep such observation some provoked they said about the party not The more backs,high, adjustable and gadgetsgalore. the more Beverly wished she were not from one or more leaders—"It is

that those needed really too bad who present did forget not She takeoff. for time TwentyIt was tonight."this here the not were most inhadn't simply been to go—sheto listen.five boys were Aaronic thethere—his feel not "they to say, were you the inviting of matter had When vited—nor the from. palsPriesthood ward. George

further step tonight,"and one here go filling their voices the mingledheard to invited not even "they say, were air "can't- enthusiasm. with That

are not you tonight."here be Now "feelingwaitto-getgoin'never was that they were the of fact only aware

more in evidence. not present but your attention is diThe driver loaded their luggage rected to the reason for their absence.

while the fellows rushed in to grab a And the reason for their absence befavored seat. Pops and moms stood comes the more serious when it rests

by as the sleek monster rolled away. in the decision of leadership and not

It would be ten days before they rein the choice of youth.

trip the thousandmile fromturned not is difference between no There milewith and every hour packed in being attend, to and invited being fun.with everyfun—boy's Think away. remain to expected

George? He just swallowed a little seriously of the effect of either, or

heavier than usual and laid back down both, of these on youth left out.

wonder they had why—to think—to are events awardhonor When course, couldn'tsaid be go. Of Aaronic for the successful he her been overlooked. The party was planned

had not earned the Individual Certifionly for those who had qualified for Priesthood members and L.D.S. girls,

cate of but surely they knew Award the Individual Certificate of Award. all is that members, recommended

illness last his longof and unfortunate the fifteenminute review When honored, be being was itin bracket the age fall. did they? one had Or No ended, sauntered Beverly turned and Give to attend. invited urged and

called to see why he had suddenly homeward. "I could have earned that special attention to those least likely

his to out comingstopped meetings—too,"herself, said she award, to "but to be present. Make everyone feel

his leaders ofhe some had the the family spent out when summer welcome.

call, well! I supposewould hopedbut—"O ranch, chance on the what did I have

they were too busy."to attend my meetings?"Special Recognition

"I wonder,"said George, "if Jesus Beverly instinctively trained her rewould have left me behind, or any flections on the life of the Master and A suggestion: Where local authoriother boy, if he had planned that wondered, "Would Jesus have left ties desire to give special recognition

trip."me out of that party?"Inside she to award winners, or to those meeting

836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <J

f-repared bu cJLee yv. j-aitmer 0aopB00

Aaronic Priesthood and always to speak of them, as "President,"and as "Bishop,"reProper Form in Addressing Leaders spectively. Any other form in addressing them, or in speaking of them,

Come have felt that to permit memthe same depth of respect for these should be looked upon with disfavor bers of the Aaronic Priesthood to leaders as if he were always to and corrected.

address the bishop of the ward and address them as "President"or as Aaronic Priesthood members should the president of the stake by their "Bishop."These titles of respect also be taught to address the coungiven names gets rid of an unnecessary cannot but remind a boy that he is selors to the stake president as "Presiformality and places the boy more at addressing a presiding authority, dent"and the counselors to the bishop

ease with his leaders. But have those whereas their given names may easily as "Brother."

leaders who feel this way about it be spoken without a single suggestion Let us not wait until we arc congiven consideration to the possibility to the mind of the boy that he is adfronted with this practice before doof the development of the very opdressing an officer in the Church. ing something about it. Ward leaders

posite attitude toward leadership? We are confirmed in the opinion, are urged to present this recommendaThe boy who addresses his bishop and in the recommendation, that our tion during a lesson on proper reas "Tom,"or his stake president as Aaronic Priesthood members should be spect for our leaders, and at an early

"Ed,"never could be expected to have taught always to address these leaders, date.

special requirements, let this be done CHALLENGING before the entire assembly on awardRECORDS honor night ( 1 ) that those excelling may receive due commendation, and TRENTONBENSON STAKEWARD encouragement in their good works, Challenging records (2) that all others may catch the spirit are the accomplhhof success and be moved to greater Cliffments Wiserof bothand BishopVe/oy

Trenton Ward,effort in personal excellence. Griffin,

Stake. Benson (Utah)

has Wiser Bishop All promises and commitments to his ward over presided special groups for achievements during and over the priests

Griffin, a Ve/oy the is receivingthefilled—wecurrentmustyear not1949breakshouldfaithbe withfulquorumyears.priest, for eighteen

our youth. However, when these warm congratulations

obligations are discharged, let all ofing hisestablishedbishop ona havper- projects and social functions for youth fect attendance record follow the pattern herein suggested, sacramentat priesthoodmeeting,meeting, i.e., that all members of the group be SundayM.I. A. forSchool,three andand

invited and urged to attend and particione-half years.

pate regardless of whether an award challengingTwo champions!records'Two

was earned or not.

DECEMBER 1949 837 / BOOKSWhatever the names on your Christmas shopping list, you'll find Church publications perfect for them. These books are informative, inspirational and educational...

they'll keep on giving through the year. Make your selections from the list below.

HERE'S A PRICELESS VOLUME FOR EVERY LIBRARY

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE COMMENTARY

By DR. MILTON R. HUNTER

Here's a sacred volume every Church member will enjoy reading. It explains the vital points

of doctrine of the Pearl of Great Price...

making a much needed contribution to Church

literature.

HEARTILY RECOMMENDED... FILLS A DEFINITE NEED!

TREASURES TO SHARE By MELVIN WESTENSKOW

Read what Dr. Creed Haymond, recently releosed president of the

Northern States Mission, writes about this complete analysis of modern

Christendom: "I am very impressed with your book. Treasures to

Share. I am going to recommend it as one of only three I hove advised

the missionaries to purchase,"

LATTERDAY

By DANIEL PROPHETSH. LUDLOW SPEAK GEMSCompiled and arrangedOF by THOUGHTDR. MILTON R. HUNTER

This holds book a high place the other among of those this You'll volume remarkable treasure of It volumes literature. Church contains the our General by passages beautiful rich and.00

principal doctrinal teachings writings all of and Section, Church Authorities Deseret from News.00

the eight presidents a valuable aid to... reports. Era conference A and Improvement

everyone. choice book!

HISTORICAL BACKGROUND OF THE THE ESTATES FOUR OF MAK By CHARLES GILBERT ORME DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS

By E. is with information CECIL McGAVIN packed that It's a book

life the mortal preexistence, our and this After reading new, popular book, you'll

. research of years hereafter understand Doctrine the and Covenants in.75

works.. materialrepresents fully. the standard It more 9ff %'M.wWf\f\ aboutassembling from the discusses full the historical background

literature. and other Church of out which these modern revelations came.

HAAABLIN HIS JACOB By BAILEY AAANY PAUL S.AAANSIONS By RULON HOWELLS

thrill this stirring You'll to of great biography a There's no guessing of the teachings about scout, explorer of friend red the and men. Jacob other in this library. with Churches your book is truly Hamblin figure significant of pioneer a

ideal It is an beliefs reveals the volume that history. His of Md#%m."C are expeditions of history epics and $A.50 thirteen leading Christian Churches, as gripping novel. as a

8.38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BIBLE STORIES FOR YOUNG THE STORY OF THE BOOK '..rfiitlc Stfl#S for "JJottnsJ LATTERDAY OF MORMON

By FLORENCE PIERCE SAINTS Bv EMMA MARR PETERSEN $1.75 3 Highly informative! Presents each of

Children will love this rich and beauthe events of the Book of Mormon in ancient history story stirring messages of the of the classic tiful

They'll of scriptures. the coming Americanform—thepeoples, ancient the of

enjoy them for bedtime stories. It's Columbus, the coming of the Pilgrims,

the first Bible Story book ever pubthe Revolutionory War and the origin lished with the Latterday Saints'of the American Indians.

viewpoint expressed.

THE AMERICAS BEFORE BOOK OF MORMON GUIDE

COLUMBUS ByBOOKVERLA BIRRELL kforeCoUtmbws By DEWEY FARNSWORTH

This book is 5filled with a graphic Dc you wont to5gain more knowledge drama of a golden empire that existed of the Book of Mormon? Then read

twentyfive hundred years ago. Enthis book... it is a comprehensive

riched with historical information of and analytical study of the Book the American peoples, you'll find this of Mormon, written especially for volume both cJucational and interestmissionaries, teachers, students and ing. researchers.

HERE'S YOUR CHRISTMAS BOOK CHECK LIST

L. Albert SHADOWS, SUNLIGHT AND:j SI.: INSPIRED WARNINGS, PROPHETIC Anderson Nephi UPON, ADDED P

Jr Zobell,.60 B. Lundwall L. N. Richard WORD, THE SPOKEN AND Compiled HIGH, OF THE MOST TEMPLES 4.50 1 'Bailey Paul HAMBLIN, n JACOB Evans

B. Lundwall N. by 2.00 Smith Robert DAYS, LAST VALUE, PRICELESS OF ASSORTED GEMS

Pierce.... Florence PLATES, THE GOLDEN Charles Gilbert S. 2.i L. D. B. SCRIPTURES, by Lundwall N. Compiled n

Jones Milton PLAN, GOSPEL 4.50 THE 2.( L. Evans Richard Orme THIS HOUR, n SAME AT D L. E. Whitehead ISRAEL, F. OF THE HOUSE Orson C. KIMBALL, LIFE HEBER OF THE OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG MAN n Timberline COMMANDMENTS, TEN 3.00 THE 2.1 Whitney D. Leah Widtsoe HOUR,

. Riggs Dr. A. John E. DRAGON, Cecil BIBLE, THE McAND CUMORAH'S GOLD MAN G OR 2.00 TRUE SABBATH—SATURDAY THE 2.: Widtsoe Gavin

.... Coombs Kenneth 1.50 SUNDAY, Stokes Jeremiah 1.: B. B. MIRACLES, H. DISC. Roberts. ROBERTS, OF MODERN n F. Ursenbach O. QUEST, THE Young, SONGS, OF BOOK PICTURE DISCOURSES OF MY D WILFORD WOODRUFFH. D D Lundwoll N. VISION, 2.50 THE Dalton 2.; Ashton, Dr. by Compiled G. Homer Durham

Joseph.... B.PERFECTION, 2.75 Pratt TO Orson THE WAY PRATT'S WORKS, ORSON EVIDENCES RECONCILIATIONS AND n 1.75 Fielding Smith B. Dr. Sidney 2.: Dr. OF A. BOOK MORMON, John Widtsoe OUR

J. Wendell IS 2 KINGDOM,.. 50 THEIRS THE Sperry 2.: Roy ETERNAL, FAMILY West 2.00 Ashton Joseph THINGS, ALL 2.. OF Bailey RESTORATION Paul SAINT, GAY n (Poper), 1.75 MORMONS THESE AMAZING Smith Fielding OF THE OF BOOK GEOGRAPHY MOR- 1.00 H. Weston Joseph Fielding Joseph TIMES, E. OF SIGNS THE Cecil McGavin MON, n L. Richard 1.25 ALWAYS, THIS DAY AND Smith l.( P. Stewart. TREE, Ora n A PLANTED GOD

1 -50 L. Evans Albert SCRAPEOOK, STORYTELLER'S Dr. John INTERPRETATIONS, GOSPEL G D 1.50 Sears Stokes and 1,00 THUNDERCAVE, Jr Zobell, 2.; A.

Marvin IT 2.00 CONCERN, MAY TO Harmer Mabel WHOM 2,: STORYTIME, S. Howells HIS Rulon n MANSIONS, WidtsoeMANY 3.00 Ashton S. D. L. MISFOR SUGGESTIONS SOME HISTORICAL THE OF BACKGROUND n R. Milton Dr. 1.75 STORIES, 2.i INDIAN RobertsonHarmer UTAHO. SIONARIES, E. Cecil DOC. McGavin COV., AND 2.25 Hunter

UTAH THE STORY OF HER PEOPLE WHATDr. MiltonTRUTHR. HunterIS, N, L. Nelson 2.502.75

Enclosed is $, my payment for the books checked above.

Name AddressBOOKCRAFTuse SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH Town State

DECEMBER 1949 839 odiau 6 D.awiliiA % riFT

'M\ WRAPPING i

ONEon ofthe theChristmasbest waysspirit,to andget toin convey it to others, is by putting a little imagination and originality into your gift wrappings. Try adding a friendly touch to your holiday

wrappings this year, and at the same time be economical.

A good place to start is with odds and ends around the house. Pieces

of tinsel too short to put on the tree add sparkle and interest to

—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

Sweet is the smile of home; the mutual look where hearts ore of each other sure.—John Keble

iL CHRISTMAS TREE 3nmmin9 Om ///. cJLouiie C-...J4aitinqs TRUEthingsindeedtogetheris theis saying,one of "Doingthe setissue-covered presents. Leftover

crets of a happy home hfe"—at ornaments nestled in the bows of

the Christmas season this is parwrapped gifts add a festive touch, ticularly important to remember. and bells might well dangle from

For instance, the entire family others.

m\ should have a part in selecting and Wallpaper is an ideal wrapping

C% trimming the Christmas tree—every material. Large patterns look well

member, from the youngest to the on those monstrous gifts, while oldest. plaids, stripes, or polka dot papers

It is great fun, of course, to go cleverly take care of some of the to the woods, cut down the tree, and smaller ones. Now stop and think

bring it home. Not without deabout it. Don't you have pieces

light, too, is buying the tree together of wallpaper in your attic that seem and conveying it home from the just right?

store. Neither need fabrics be shunned.

Decorating a living tree or shrub A dainty package is one done up that grows near the home graces it with dotted swiss or organdy over with happy memories that are supwhite tissue. And it's especially nice

plemented year by year. If these topped with a puify bow tied from

plans are impossible, there is always the same material. The edges of

the artificial tree at one's disposal. the bow will look extra perky if

—Photograph Harold M. Lambert [Concluded on page 842) trimmed first with pinking shears.

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA If!, DC sure mat oags pu/l of FELSNAPTHA SOAP ff

Almost any home has a special corner on a shelf or in a drawer for bits of yarn left from sweaters mother has knit. This yarn has

possibihties, too. Any gift receiver

would be flattered to see his name written on the package with it (a httle glue and patience will do the trick). Then accent it with a fluffy

ball or two of the same or different colored yarn.

Sachet bags tied to a gift show special thoughtfulness and become very practical ornaments. They are

quickly and inexpensively made from wide satin ribbon and sachet powder.

For a special treat adorn your package with a sprig of holly, or pyracantha, a similar evergreen with red berries. Pine cones and sprigs

of pine will also add the Yuletide touch. Far too expensive for most

gifts, a detachable flower or corsage is lovely for a very special feminine recipient.

It's the personal touch, not the cost that counts

The possibilities are unlimited for the person who will look around and use a little imagination. Such

tricks as standing candles upright on the package are novel, too. In

effecting this, just sew a button to the bow already tied to the gift and stand a candle on it by first dripping hot wax on the button.

Perhaps you are among the fortunate who have received gifts from artistic friends who have made THE GOLDEN BAR WITH THE CLEAN NAPTHA ODOR {Concluded on page 843) DECEMBER 1949 84!

Irifflmin The Tree (Concluded [com page 840) HOME OF THE These are not expensive and they can be folded up and kept from year NATIONALLY FAMOUS to year. Some families make their

trees tying by cross pieces tall Ir322 ownfirmly to a stick and covering the framework with green paper.

Naturally, you would let the children make at least some of the trimmings for the tree. Last year COLORS I heard a little girl remark, "We

THE WEST'S MOST made Christmas this year."This MODERN PAINT & the \,f VARNISH \.J. meanttrimmingsthat withthe familywhich theyhad madehad decFACTORY

orated the tree. When I was a

child I strung popcorn and cranberries and made paper chains.

There are children who are doing the very same today. If no colored

paper is available, children will enjoy crayoning some paper before they make the chains.

In case tiny table trees are to be trimmed, holly, black alder, or wintergreen berries are suitable in size for stringing. Even pretty little

beads—eitherbuttons, placedsinglyback orto back,in groupsand

attracTivUted States cutd (utada, mCinated of two, three, or five—make

tive ornaments if appropriate colutd finadticed—ored ribbon or green cord is used

for combining and looping. The

meats can be taken out of English

BENNETT'S PAINTS walnuts and the shells filled with

VARNISH CLEANERS little gifts. Then the halves should

L-O-F WALLPAPERS GLASS | nut the together and glued TEXOLITE J-M ROOFING 21st SOUTH AT 2nd WEST be in conor gold paint with painted trasting colors to the tree decorations.

One of the most pleasing trees for Grandmother or Grandfather, or both—especially if they are at home a great deal—is a letterProfitable and Enjoyable shower tree. Let their friends know

that you are preparing such a tree, your attendance at L. D. S. and ask them to write to Grandmother or Grandfather. Then allow

Business College the children to hang the cards and letters that result on the branches of the L. D. S. Business attending You'll enjoy

facilities, highly their tree. Write also to the postits excellent College, with

competent faculty, and friendly atmosphere. master of the town where each

You'll profit by the thorough, intensive grandparent was born, or taught business training you'll receive. school, or worked, or where differBeginning and advanced training the year ent years of their married hfe were

around for picture postexpert employment... with servicesthe addedfor graduatedbenefit of spent, and ask

and advanced students. cards (enclosing stamps). Church

gladly Information also wish will and neighbors to join friends You'll Missionaries: want furnished request Returned on as a all this missionary of our activities Keep in the many to contribute.

organization. complete surprise, and—with Father and Mother enjoying the funBUSINESS COLLEGE present"Makingthe Christmas"tree. in the homt

very grow that memories 70 North Main Salt Lake City leaves. D. S. along. move as the years precious L

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Thrifty Gift Wrapping (Concluded Ivom page 841 11MY IRONRITE, MY MOST PRIZED sparkling designs on the paper with metallic luster. Instead of using CHRISTMAS

commercial products, try crushing it broken Christmas tree ornaments GIFT..."

they add color as well as brilliance. Says Mrs. V. J. McDonald

On the papercovered package out2526 Fillmore line a star or Christmas tree, or a Salt LakeCity, Utah reindeer or Santa Claus if you're husband"! receivedlast myChristmas.Ironrite Throughoutas a gift fromthe yearmy

fill has saved of hours inclined. artistically me many backmy Ironrite Thenmore

I enjoy drudgery. using Now my layer a thin outline within the so of breakingIronrite friends that I help out much my

glue, and sprinkle crushed material andIronrite'sneighborstwo completelywith theiropenironing.ends andWithall thethe

little iron all I can my ruffles pleats,over it. The effects are delightful, othergirl's fancyfine features,dresses with and

and you'll enjoy doing it! as well as shirts of all sizes."

Above all, remember that it's the personal touch, not the cost that vlodel 80. (left)

counts, and let your imagination Openmodel Ironhave a playday when it comes to rite.(shownModelabove)85

wrapping your gifts closedtop Ironrite. Model 88,

Ironrite Cabinette with warpproof, hardwood top in mahogany ')r honey blond.

'With its two completely usable open ends, my Ironrite will iron everything I can wash, quickly and beautifully."

Low Down

terms. Ask Payment—easyabout a FREE creditHome

Demonstration.

SEE ONt OF THESE IKONRITE DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION

UTAH BLAKE ELECTRIC COMPANY Richfielo

CENTRAL LUMBER AND HARDWARE Magna

CULLIGAN SOFT WATER SERVICE Solt Lake City

SCHOSS FURNITURE & ELECTRIC COMPANY Ogden

PETERSON'S APPLIANCE CO Salt Lake City

BROTHERS'READ COMPANY 9den''''***-'-''*'ui i Jiiut/F'i'l..-Mm COMPANY UTAH APPLIANCE

-Photograph bti Harold M. T.nmhcrt NEVADA Las Vegas CLARK COUNTY ELECTRIC COMPANY

IDAHO.'''STORE APPLIANCE ATKINSON'S HEALTHFUL Shelley COMPANY & APPLIANCE RADIO KIRKHAM'S

Blackfoot & APPLIANCES FURNITURE SAM H. JONES'HOLIDAY FEASTING

by Distributed WILKINSIRONERS, INC 142 So. 5th W. Salt Lake C.ty,.,,Utah. GORDON E. Shafer By Bessie

MERRY Christmas! Do you celebrate the glad season by getting together in family gatherings and eating family Christmas dinners? We hope you do,

for there is no better way to catch the spirit of love which The gift that says should permeate our festivities.Here are suggestions for that dinSEE BETTER

ner, with an idea for a breakfast for years to come it. years give youto and precede Longview a Give

handle. A Pleaplastic wider this walnutcolored comfort, seeing added will suggestion main money Your One own! to give or type sure enlarges 2V2 glass magnifying

trial lOdoy after of full refunded column be a read lets you times,like to right now make we—wouldhelp of for Giftboxed satisfactory. of glance. print at a Made newspaper

present, precision ground Christmas optical glass,Mother prepare the dinner. She finest postpaidi'''tA 50 diate delivery—Folds into handsome for accuracy.

loves doing it, but she will have a merrier Christmas if we all lend a EDROY PRODUCTS CO., 480 Lexington Ave., Dept. 2, New York 17, N.Y

nana. [Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1949 843 Healthful Holiday Feasting dependingtne juice ofononethelemontartnesswithof honeythe fruit.to taste,This

(Continued fcom preceding page) is an appetizer and should not be too sweet. vDlnd The following menu has been

drawn up with an eye to taste apHors d'oeuvres peal as well as to the laws of health.

Fill sections of a dish with ripe olives, there Of course YDUH COPIES comare many pickles, celery and pieces spread promises these between two, for cheese. we creameddill

folks expect this a to overeat bit on OF THE with all days, day of there and we know Roasting the Turkey will be an emphasis on rich and the Truss bird up twisting by wings sweet foods. But serve a we can IMPRDVEMEM around underneath the back. salt Rub palatable dinner using wholesome, the skin, over then flour. dry Place

natural products such as whole hot oven at first, then slow it down. Don'tin EM grains, fresh fruits, and vegetables. baste until somewhat brown, then baste

about every twenty minutes using water

BREAKFAST in which has been melted about onequar-

The modern and effiter cup of shortening, till the drippings cient bindery of The DesAt our house we have a long spell of from the turkey are ready to be dipped visiting and admiring gifts between breakup over the bird. (We like our bird well

eret News Press, now fast and dinner on this day, so we suggest done and roast even a small one four in its new location, is waffles. However, we might say that a hours.)

bowl of fresh fruit, chopped apple and headquarters for binding ripe bananas with top milk, would be Dressing or Stuffing

The Improvement Era. better to precede Christmas feasting. 1 loaf whole wheat bread, stale, (prefWhole Wheat Waffle Recipe erably homemade)

Orders come to us 2 cups milk (approx. ), heated

melted cup butter, Y 1 apple, chopped from all parts of the XYj4 cupsteaspoonssiftedbakingwhole powderwheat flour chopped cup raisins, 3 salt Yj teaspoon Church in increasing celery, 1 cup chopped cup wheat germ Y2 numbers. 3 egg yolks, well beaten 1 cup onions, finely chopped

1 teaspoon sugar, added to egg yolks Giblets, if desired, chopped to taste and pepper tablespoons drippings or Wesson oil, Salt By binding each year's 6 2 teaspoons sage added to egg yolks issues and preserving 134 cups milk them you are building 3 egg whites, stiffly beaten Rutabagas dry ingredients. Mix alternately Add

the up G home reference liwith milk to yolks. Lastly add the Cut in cubes so they will cook quickly.

water to cover bottom in just Boil enough not fold and them stir—cut honey. kettle. onehalf teaspoon of Add brary of great value and eggin. whites—doServes four or five. Serve with honey

convenience. Year after maple syrup. Season slightly with salt before mashing.

year they will become (Leah D. Widtsoe, How To Be Well.) fiveServeminutes.immediately. Cooking time, about

more helpful and useful. Honey Maple Syrup

Baked Carrots and Parsnip Sticks 2 cups honey (grease cup and have

Send your orders for honey in liquid form to facilitate Place in buttered casserole, with oneslightly sticks carrot water. Cut fourth cup measuring) binding the Era to us. it longer takes as parsnips than thinner cups water \Y half in an Place carrots. oven to bake 1 Our service teaspoon is prompt maple flavoring

hope We this for and you will be well flavoring.Bring to a boil; remove from fire and add houryou willbeforehaveturkeyroomwillin beyourdone.oven

pleased with both qualcasserole as these vegetables are delightful and different served in this way.

ity and price. The curCHRISTMAS DINNER MENU

rent volume ends with Uncooked Cranberry Sauce

Fruit cup the December issue. Hors d'oeuvres At least two weeks before Christmas put

Bind them while they are Turkey with dressing rawmediumcranberriesblade. throughMix yourthe groundmeat chopper,cranin good condition. Mashed rutabagas Baked carrot and berries cup for cup with honey and seal

Fresh frozen peas parsnip sticks in sterile jars. Soak the lids in boiling

Mashed potatoes Cranberry sauce water so the rubber is hot and will seal.

Salad plate with bran muffin Time improves the cranberries prepared

THE Christmas pudding with sauce thisto sixway,weeksandaftertheybottling.are even (Webetterdo fourthe

DESERET NEWS PRESS Fruit Cup samethroughwitha colandercrab apples,when puttingwe open themthe 29 Richards Street Diced fruit and (or) berries, fresh, prefbottles.)

erably, but frozen or canned may be used.

Salt Lake City, Utah ofThreecolorsor lookfour prettykinds ofin fruitsthe glasses.in a varietyPour Salad Plate and Bran Muffin

over them a mixture of fresh grapefruit Make your salad colorful and pretty and orange juice, to which has been added with fresh vegetables available: shredded

844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cabbage, tomatoes, radishes, green peppers.

If you must have bread in some form to complete your meal, we recommend bran are less starchy than rollsmuffins, which \BeUen> tcut Sdven SpaoH'prepared. quickly are easily andand

Christmas Pudding They say "he was born with rich in the food substances of

Yi cup raisins chopped a silver spooa in his mouth."whole milk—always as safe

cup Y almonds chopped Wouldn't you choose for your as if there were no germ of 1 cup currants Y2 cup dates, chopped baby the better birthright of disease in the world.

J4 lb. peel and 34 lb. candied fruit may the sound physical developbe added ment that only proper care Yes, and Sego Milk supplies

teaspoon allspice Yi teaspoons nutmeg and proper food can provide? something else that is vital to \Yi your baby's growth—pure teaspoon cinnamon Yi

crystalline finely D3, vitamin grated raw potato You can assure him of this the Yi cup Yi cup finely grated raw carrot better birthright now—by sunshine vitamin that enables

sugar 132 cups brown of giving the kind him to milk a baby use the minerals of 2 eggs that will enable him to grow to 2 milk grain cereal (not develop cups bones that raw whole flour) sturdy and strong and to have are straight and strong, teeth lb. suet chopped Yi the security that comes from that are sound, and to make fruit, nuts, carrot, spices, Combine health. povigorous the best of cereal. tato, half growth. the whole and Any

cereal will do, but grain if you have your Sego Milk is that kind of grinder in your home, to crack wheatown so much the better. Mix chopped suet milk—always easy for babies Ask your doctor about

and the other half of the cereal and add. to digest—always uniformly Sego Milk for your baby

Finally add the sugar and eggs. Butter

pudding bowl and pack to within one inch of the top. Cover with waxed paper or This seal certifies that all

cloth and steam three to four hours. 'statements about Sego Milk

Serve reheated with your favorite '"'""''edmadeas truehere byhavethebeenCouncilaccepton sauce.

Foods and Nutrition of the American

Editorial Note—A heavy meal is best Medical Associatic>n. followed by a light dessert—sherbet,

ice cream, or fruit jello. Many ills may

be brought on by overtaxing the digestive ffiii,ijri'i:!m This seal certifies that the

Wisconsin Research Alumni rich the holiday with during system foods iJilJiiiilV!iJj Foundation periodic makes

all Christmas enjoy season. means By tests to determine that Sego

but occasions pudding, those save it for diluted with equal Milk an amount during the holidays when lighter meals of water always gives you 400 units are served. of vitamin D per quart.

Buffet Surprises

Why can't we keep unwholesome candy away from the children and have them contented with the following confections within easy reach on the buffet;

(a) Seeded muscat raisins.

(b) Dates stuffed with ground Brazilnuts moistened with honey and butter. (c) Turkish delight made with apple juice or other fruit juices and dark brown sugar.

(d) Fruit balls made by grinding raisins, dates, figs, and even prunes in meat chopper. Roll into balls

in very finely ground walnut meats. (e) Uncooked Peanutbutter Candy: lOMOGENrZEPECQ

Y cup peanut butter Y cup honey % cup powdered milk Cream together; spread in a pan and cut 1?.'"

in squares. k"

FREE TO MOTHERS! This handy book that makes it easier to

Puffed Wheat Candy care for and train your baby. Dozens of the most important

Y cup butter or margarine answeredquestions inaboutthis the64pagecare illustratedand trainingbook.of Approvedyour babybyarea

1 cup brown sugar wellknown doctor. Praised enthusiastically by mothers in

% cup corn syrup the intermountain west. Send for your free copy of this

1 to 2 tablespoons cocoa (optional) helpful book today. Address: Sego Milk Co., Dept. E-3.

7 to 8 cups puffed wheat Salt Lake City, Utah.

Cook syrup to soft ball stage and pour SEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO over puffed wheat. Press into buttered Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

pan and cut in squares. Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

DECEMBER 1949 845

000 andai ON THE BOOK RACK KNIGHT OF Richard THE KINGDOM Ballantyne, of the a man peo- (Conway B. Sonne. WESTERN LOCKERAP Deseret Book ple, but a knight of the kingdom, as

FROZEN MEATS Co., Salt Lake City. 1949. 230 pages may be. It also portrays past life allin

FISH, FOWL xr and 6 pages of family pictures; illusthe Church, tumultuous and joyous. It

AND GAWEC?''trations by Marianna C. Israelsen. is a good book to read.—/, A. W. $2.25.)

HEART THROBS - OF this title, THE WEST T Tnder apt his great grand-:/ (Compiled Kate by B. Carter for the tells the son inspiring life story of Daughters of the Utah Pioneers. Salt it Ballantyne; Richard and is told well!

City. Lake - 1949. 487 pages.) in a "knight shining As this armor,"VOLUME TEN of this exceptional % man moved among the people of his

generation, driving evil into its filthy publication deserves a wide aclair, and rescuing human souls for the ceptance by all members of the Church.

kingdom of God. The restored gospel The first section assures the worth of

the magazine since it deals with locke of Jesus Christ found him in his native Scotland. Thenceforth, full of "Political Parties."The second is

gratitude, the battle for righteousness hkewise invaluable, treating as it does:

preserve the natural taste and color of in terms of the gospel became his con- "Trails and Pioneer Freighters Who your choice frozen cuts of meats, fish> stant concern. With a heart tuned to Followed Them."Another particularly

fowl and game with WESTERN love he saw in every child the coming interesting issue deals with "Western

Folklore."locks wrap in section that The dealing with LOCKERAP—the and woman. man Despite the claims

flavor. this for Designed purpose, one in "Horticulture the alhas West"of pioneer hardships he found time to

has 20% WESTERN now LOCKERAP ready of great proved value. oive children instruction in the of ways protective pluscoating more give to of the tenderest stories One in the the Lord. first organized the He Sunday perfect taste protection. juices Flavorful

is entire that of book Story of "The in the School "valleys of the are in locked as flavorstealing mounsub-zero the Blind,"is itself in which worth is tains."air locked out. seals. it his Others save followed as You example. book.—M. C, /. WESTERN LOCKERAP is available As the Church grew and spread, the the entire price of the

at your grocer's or locker plant in buff Church took over his efforts. Half OUR PROMISED LAND

and the new pearly white fullbleached a milhon strong, Sunday School mem- (Marie Musig Barton, 72 pages and 18 roll. For added assurance that your bers the world over turn with loving large sheets of outline figures, $1.75,

frozen meats, fish, fowl and game will hearts to the gifts that flowed from published by the author Mt. Pleasant,

retain mealtime "putaway"flavor, ask the life of Richard Ballantyne. Utah.

tor WESTERN LOCKERAP for your His great, undying Sunday School 'T'his series of lessons should be a rented locker or your home freezer.

work was only a part of his hfe's welcome addition to the literature story. He helped tame the unwilling for teaching the Book of Mormon to

desert; around the world he traveled boys and girls. The lessons are told

to preach the gospel, as one of the simply but completely and correctly.

first missionaries to India; at home he Taken in succession they cover much

helped build Zion. His was a life of of the Book of Mormon field.

glorious achievement, but such as The accompanying sheets of outline every faithful man or woman may atfigures or pictographs, each one cortain in his own field. Sacrifice alone responding with one of the lessons in

leads to true greatness. the book, will be most helpful in using

This book was written as part of the book with children since they not the celebration of a century of Sunday only visualize the lessons but also afSchool work in the West—18491949. ford an opportunity for color exercises. FREE colorful guide to help

greatly the increase the value of <he years the enit will carry They you prepare, protect and Down gaging of /. A. encouraging and study W. preserve your quickfrozen volume.—

foods. Ask for if at your

grocer's or locker plant.

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Roll contslns ISOWesternfeet of {Continued from page 798) opened the twoday annual Lamanite lockerap. 1 Pj The First Presidency anconference in Mesa, Arizona. President

Choice of IS, 20 or 2i inch nounced the appointment of Carl David O. McKay was in attendance

mdtbs.

C. Burton of Salt Lake City to preand addressed the group, his remarks

side over the Great Lakes Mission, being translated by Elder Eduardo (activated October 30 by a division Balderas. Mesa Temple sessions durof the Northern States Mission). Mrs. ing the week were held in Spanish.

Burton will accompany him on this President David O. McKay dedimission. cated the Phoenix First Ward, Phoenix

One hundred ten cubic yards of (Arizona) Stake, chapel.

concrete were poured for the first of the Primary new WESTERN PAPER WAXED CO. floor announcement made was Children's 1 Q The PORTLAND LEANDRO Hospital in Salt City. Lake the that the of general offices LOS ANGELESSAN

1 Nearly seven hundred SpanishChurch welfare plan were now located speaking members of the Church at 40 North Main Street in Salt Lake

City, in ottices recently vacated by the Presiding Bishopric and its staff.

The Sugar House (Salt Lake City)

Region of the Church welfare plan announced the acquisition of the old

Hyland telephone exchange building, DON'T FAINT..

847 South Eighth East, to be the welwhen your hubby flies home fare center of that region. The ansome night with improved

nouncement was also made that June

B. Sharp, recently returned from the /% //

South African mission presidency would be acting coordinator and storehouse manager for that region.

The First Presidency announced the and demands tuna cutlets!

P. Lillywhite appointment of John as Made with "Bitesize"tuna, it's Mission. of the president Netherlands

This will be the fourth mission for a "heman"dish if there ever

President Lillywhite among the Dutch was one... something a fellow

people. Accompanying President Lilly can really get his teeth into!

white, who has been a seminary instructor at the Box Elder ( Utah ) High

School for twenty years, will be his wife and sixteenyear-old daughter,

Dorothy.

O Highland View Ward, East 'Mill Creek (Salt Lake) Stake, S'lNSOYBEwJolT was organized from portions of RoseLT ADDED crest Ward, with D. James Cannon 3 V-—effSi'

as bishop. President David O. McKay dediCMTWIKTUMA

cated the La Cienega Ward, Inglewood (California) Stake chapel,

Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif.

The new Recreational Songs book of the Church was introduced at a special meeting in Barratt

Hall ALL -0 -WHEAT CEREAL THE BEST AND MOST HEALTHFUL CEREAL FOR YOUR FAMILY'S BREAKFAST!

My Testimon) Its DELICIOUSALL the NutLikegoodnessFlavorof thecontains [Concluded from page 802) Entire Wheat Berry

A Kansas laboratory analysis reveals that

Lord on Sunday. My quilt, though 1 pound of ALL-O-WHEAT has

small now, will surely grow. Vitamin A—1890 Units

Milligrams Thiamine—2.14 9 to I look forward the day when

Milligrams Niacin—7.96 I shall privileged to be enter one Acid Pantothenic & Riboflavir of 9

those sacred temples of the Lord. ALSO RICH in

That experience will surely add Body Building PROTEINS, another precious piece to my quilt. PHOSPHORUS, MINERAL MATTER,

I expect to add piece after piece AND IRON to prized most possession. my Why ALL-O-WHEAT IS

is prized most possession? it my

Because its beautiful colors keep L> DELICIOUS to the taste me from being lonesome when my friends are out having fun on the E> NUTRITIOUS to the body

Sabbath day! It protects me from

evil influences. When I choose [> EASY TO PREPARE

new friends, I ask myself, will the lb. packagedesign of their characters fit in [:> VERY ECONOMICAL in either 20 oz. or 5

with the design of my quilt-—my Ask your Grocer today for that healthful cereal

testimony?

Through the years it will grow ALL-O-WHEATdearer to me, and through eternity, to All-O-Wheat, Ogden, Utah Or write it will be a comfort to me.

DECEMBER 1949 847 NOLiOliOR-TOBACCO COLUMN [Concluded from page 835) extent by reducing the consumption of

The majority of alcoholics are averalcohol and probably in no other way.

age people, no more neurotic than "Teaching moderation"won't do it, the rest of us. Their alcoholism is and we know this because it never has

the result of drinking alcohol because done it—teaching abstinence will help.

of the "compulsions of their environAnother argument, farreaching for ment."As Dr. Fleming says; mischief, is the contention that "gentlemen,"those whose consumption is

drinking, of initial cause the Whatever to addicted controlled, never become it psychological, or physical social or be the populaof percent alcohol. Four person, the of nature the whatever and

be it normal or neurotic, true addiction tion supplies us with twenty percent will ultimately develop if heavy drinkof our psychotic alcoholics.

ing is continued long enough. But the figures show the higher in

the social and economic scale the the Dr. Horatio M. Pollock of

is to likely he is, the New individual more of Mental State Department York if he alcoholism suffer addiction and

Hygiene says:

drinks.

The great majority of persons who The most terribly damaging effect develop alcoholic mental disease are averof alcohol upon this country and upon age citizens who showed no marked abevery European country, is the impairnormality leadership. of prior to the formation of the ment

alcohol habit. of America should face people The Here's one of the most unThe taproot of alcoholism is not the truth, the truth undiluted by the

usual and practical recipe neuroticism but the drinking custom. vicious efforts of those having an

the in promoting interest cases, economic of majority in the books you've ever seen—each Alcoholism,

as a beverage. No best roots. use of alcohol social The has many basic

recipe carries suggestions for way to "cure"it is to prevent it. The total abstainer ever became an alcoit use holic. the is to stop to prevent way the complete meal, ideas for If it canas a beverage. "Ye shall know the truth and the of alcohol

serving or helpful hints. You not be prevented, it can be reduced in truth shall make you free."

can use this book just as it is.

or cut along dotted hues SUNDAY SCHOOL SIPERINTENDENCY around each recipe to place {Continued from page 815) shown the Special Interest group in your 3 by 5 inch recipe file. pointedChurch. by Elderthe GeneralReiser Authoritieswas apdealfeelingwithof emotionalrejection healthand itsandeffectthe

as secretary to that committee. He on people.

Family recipes, party rechelped the visitors see the Church in Elder Reiser states that his hobipes—each a prize recipe by action. Today the University of bies are people and books. He has

Chicago owns the Encyclopedia made them his hfe's work as well.

leading radio home econoBfitannica which absorbed as its He has used books to give him inmists here in the West. Your affiliate this same organization with sight into people and people to give

whom Elder Reiser worked in 1934. him an insight into life. copy is FREE—so write a Recently, Hamer Reiser was preletter or penny postcard to sented with a ten years'service TAviD Lawrence McKay has been

award from the Encyclopedia selected as second assistant in

Morning Milk, P. O. Box Bfitannica for his outstanding acthe general superintendency of the

1 76-X, Salt Lake City, Utah. complishments in the field of moSunday Schools. His experience. on

tion pictures. the board as a member since 1939

Use Morning Milk in all He also is the chairman of the has been one of responsibility, for

Film Screening Council of the he has been chairman of the standrecipes calling for milk or Church of Jesus Christ of Latterards committee of the general cream for richer flavor and day Saints. This council tries to board for several years. In addiincrease the useful films that can tion he is also currently the chaireconomy be taken into the wards to further man of the 1950 convention comthe development of young people. mittee. Moreover, he has been

For Best Results Use In connection with his interest in among the number most willing to films he has again assumed the fill assignments, even dropping imleadership of a Special Interest portant work in order to do so.

group in his own ward—he had He received his legal training at

Smooth, rich previously served for three years the University of Utah, attended of at brings he in the University that to the Sorbonne capacity—and MORNING films which his class a certificate received some of the Paris where he

MILK they discuss prior to their presentain psychology, enrolled in George tion. Two of the shorts already (Concluded on page 850)

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iericas iiist and Rnest paler!I

O model

in.ji*ilj:5'*

Take a look at the allnew Oliver Model 8 Bale to your next hayMaster now—and you'll look forward

ing season... profitably! For you'll quickly see how this

modern, completely automatic baler can handle your An Oliver automatic wiretying unit is easy crop faster... and save more of it! to service.. easy to get at. You can replace

minutes. Tying of couple in a wire of spool a the you dealer to show Oliver neighborhood your Ask

.. protected. Knot-. fully enclosed units are ties wire the that mechanism designed simply reliable, merely by ter can be detached box into the ends the tucks and knots firmholding short, in in 3 bales bolts. Produces four lengths—36,removing feeder head beat""big the story on the how bale. Get inches. or 44 40

in apart bales that come neat smooth, produce helps. 1.. feeding convenient for sections sliced largesized,

enables you to turn out 4 or 5 tons of hay per hour under normal conditions.

This trim, oneman Model 8—teamed with a brisk

6-cylinder Oliver Row Crop "77"—provides the finest

haymaking combination you can choose.

THE OLIVER CORPORATION 400 W. Madison Street, Chicago 6, III.

The Oliver Corporation 400 West Madison Street, Chicago 6, Illinois Z

M Please send me literature describing, the new, m fully m automatic, oneman Oliver Model 8 Bale g OLIVER Master. n IN FARM MACHINERY''''FINEST

itz NameM l| f Postoffice 'Ig

I Rural Route State g 1 '-'2 3 Oliver "66", "77"ani ""Tractors are built in 6 basic types and 8 variations jte - gi. SI rs?;, -;-.;:-..j

DECEMBER 1949

SUNDAY SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENCY

( Concluded from page 848 the husband of Mildred CalderWashington University and Harwood McKay, who is a member of his receiving vard, master's degree the general board of the Primary COMB IN latter institution in from the 1936. Association.

And See The At the present time he is a practising His Sunday School experience inattorney in Salt Lake City. cludes that of activity on two stake

His experience in Church work is boards: the Salt Lake Stake in

likewise impressive. He filled a two which he served as first assistant

and a half year mission in the and teacher trainer, and the BonLENNOX

French part of the Swiss German neville Stake where he was superinMission, and also was associate tendent until the time of his call to FURNACE editor of the Millennial Star in the the general board of the Deseret

That bums GAS or OIL British Mission for six months. Sunday School Union.

His proficiency in the French With Equal Efficiency language enabled him to teach at ''T'he new general superintendency, the University of Utah and in high working on the foundation laid schools in Washington, D. C, while by former superintendencies, will he was attending school. In the

latter city he also taught business advance the cause of youth throughlaw to high school students. out the Church. To aid them will

David Lawrence McKay is the be the general board of the Deseret eldest son of President and Mrs. Sunday School Union which will

David O. McKay and was born in consist of these who served under

Ogden, September 30, 1901. He is General Superintendent Bennion.

Do not be alarmed at the temporary GAS shortage! SALVATION IN GOETHE'S FAUST

Install GAS equipment now, (Concluded from page 822) moment which he envisions as his and we will temporarily loan sires the land for personal riches, goal has not arrived; he sees it as

you an oil burner and tank is willing to help; Faust's objective, something in the future. It is a

until such a time as gas is however, is not a selfish but an moment of absolute unselfish acmade available to you. entirely altruistic one. tivity.

At that time, we will install Between the fourth and fifth acts Faust has constantly maintained a GAS burner at no extra years have passed by, and the newly something of the eternal within charge. This offer good until obtained land is ready for settlehim, love for fellow men and the

September, 1950. ment. Still Faust is not satisfied continual striving for an ideal;

with his striving and achievements therefore, the angels appear and but rather has obtained further declare that unceasing aspiration impetus for greater accomplishand unwearying endeavor have LENNOX ments. When Mephisto burns an saved him. They take Faust's imWORLD'S LARGEST MANUFACTURERS AND

ENGINEERS OF WARM AIR HEATING SYSTEMS old couple's hut to force them from mortal soul from earth to realms of a piece of land that is to be further progress, thereby confirming

See one of these Authorized Dealers developed, Faust is disgusted: "Exthe words of the Lord:

about YOUR Heating Problems change I wanted, not robbery."

Faust now wishes to become enThough still confused his service unto tirely free of Mephisto's influence. Me UTAH I soon shall lead him to a clearer

When the symbohcal old women, morning. Ephraim "Want,""Guilt,""Care,""NecesJensen's Plumbing & Heating sity,"appear to plague him, he reFaust's thirst for knowledge and

Murray, Prove, Price fuses to call upon magic spells to his active endeavor, though bounded

Wasatch Furnace & Appliance ward them off: by mistakes, have led him to an

Company unselfish activity, and because he fell creations, Magic's banish If I could strove untiringly toward this goal, the incantations, totally unlearn And his errors are forgiven, and his soul thee, in alone Stood Man I, O Nature! IDAHO a while one's is saved: man it worth were Then

Blackfoot to be!

Miles Metal Works Yes! to this thought I hold with firm

Gooding He visions the greatest work that persistence;

last result of wisdom stamps it to The namely ever undertaken, has Reed's Electric Company he true; land create and more useful more

earns his freedom and exonly Montpelier He find can of people millions where istence. Olsen Brothers Thiel and build homes. The and active work daily conquers them anew. Who

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Why this isn't your 1950 model car

This gasoline buggy, now safely tucked service station built by Standard in 1907 away in dusty photograph albums, was has grown, including outlets of all compaquite a car in its day. It buzzed along at nies, to a network of more than a quarter

20 miles an hour, had a jaunty, rakish air, of a million stations across the country.

and the people who could afford to buy This progress, spurred by competition, one thought it was perfectly wonderful. will not stop. Just since the war, ve've

In fact, it was so good it might still be spent more than $450,000,000 in plants the car you drive but for one reason. Comand facilities to serve you better.

petition. Healthy competition among

both automotive and oil companies that resulted in constantly better, lowercost automobiles and steadily improved oils and gasolines.

For one example: Here at Standard of

California, we've pioneered literally thousands of improvements in gasolines, motor oils and other petroleum products since the days of the horseless carriage.

Those you use in your car today are unsurpassed anywhere. The world's first

DECEMBER 1949 851 YOU CAN THE TEAKWOOD CHEST FLY BY ClIPPCR'(Continued from page 809) look at it, they will know something quickening of her heart. "Joy to the is wrong. Nothing must spoil their

world, the Lord has come...."Christmas, "I'd rather they came

This was the season when the world the day after Christmas,"she told paused to pay homage to the King, Mr. Wadsworth.

the season when self was forgotten There was a pause. "I think you

in the divinity of giving. are making a mistake, Mrs. Holmes.

She thought: why not invite the These people have enough money

orphan children here for a Christto buy your equity."

mas Eve party? It was a beautiful, Be practical, Kathy, her mind

an impossible idea, and she could warned. The equity would pay

almost hear Aunt Beulah say, "A your hospital bill. You could rent

party indeed! When you don't even an apartment. But her heart wept.

know what's going to become of Sell the house? She looked about

you and the children!"her. Mark with his skilled workBut the idea was a bright flame man's hands had painted the woodthat grew, warming her. She conwork satiny white, papered the ROUND tinued to dress the tree, and each highceilinged rooms, made the

ornament reflected the big homey large window that overlooked room with its graceful white stairthe orchard and the brook and theTHE WORLD way, the old piano that gave such winding road into town. Let me

clear sweet notes, the crackling fire house in peace, have only these my Only Pan American flies to in the fireplace. Look, it's such a days, thought. she last two

all 61 six continents to... perfect place for it party, a and Christmas,"she day after "The So, colonies. countries and cost practically would nothing, her said. "Please!"And Mr. Wadsit's to go, heart told wherever you her. want cookies few and A said, "Well, worth okay."She

likely that Clippers can fly you some punch. We could dance and hung up just as the children came

there directly... with a single sing and play games, and as they running down the stairs. They

ticket and a single set of bagleft, we could give them each a red were washed and combed and fully gage checks. stocking filled with Uncle Nick's dressed.

candy. The bunch of red tinsel

start. Mother?"You may fly abroad by one bells hanging in the window seemed "When do we

Clipper route, return by anto tinkle, "Oh yes... give... give "Now, dears. Come into the sewing room."She led them into the other—and still get important..."and the voices sang, "Joy to

roundtrip savings! the world...."sunny room off the kitchen. "We

For information on flights, Kathy swung around, her cheeks must make stockings for thirtysix."

fares and reservations, call your bright. "Oh, children,"she cried, She spread out red tarlatan on the

Travel Agent or the nearest "let's give a party! Let's..."she table. "Here, Linda. You cut them

Pan American office. poured out the plans that were in out from this pattern. I'll sew them,

her heart, and the children cried, and then the boys can fill them with

I'll make cookies. The * Trade Mark. "Oh. yes, yes!"candy. Then

Pan American Airways, Inc. "Come then; we'll telephone the children from the orphanage will be here at seven."

Mrs. Bloomquist, the orphanagePAIVAMERfCAISf orphanage.Christmas Eve.TomorrowThere isn'tnightmuchis

matron, She'd been delighted. had all time. You'll to help!"have World Airways indeed, they'll come, said, "Oh, children hold of took her The hands

WORLD'S MOST EXPERIENCED AIRLINE and danced, and hearing their Mrs. Holmes. It's very kind of

laughter she thought, "I'll forget you."

my worries until Christmas is over."It was just before noon when she

tall, figure thin Beulah's saw Aunt WAHDRDBE walk. She up the had a "DuT worries thrust themselves coming

HEADOMHTEHS upon her like vengeful gnomes. [Continued on page feel854)

for Early next morning the telephone rang. It was Mr, Wadsworth, the

Biblical Pageants real estate man. "I have a buyer

also for who wants to look at your house,

Santa Mrs. Holmes."

Her hand tightened on the reSALT lAKE COSTUME CO. ceiver. "Yes?"

248 South Main "Will you be home today?"

Dial 3-1031 The children love this old house so, she thought. If people come to

852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

WHEir YOUTH CAU GHOW

.. IE CHAHACTEH

THE FUTURE IS SECURE

More than any time in history, the destiny of tomorrow is linked with the youth of today.

With a full realization of this, the new church spires that dot our mountain valleys have been planned to be a welcome symbol to our youth... offering a place of recreation

as well as worship... a place to grow in

spiritual, mental and physical stature.

As long as leadership is so keenly aware of the needs of our youth... as long as it so willingly offers sound guidance and wholesome V

recreation... the future is secure.

i

jifnSSamvtvKfS"'iit.'i/ '"lffSfj

Rosecrest Chapel

Lorenzo S. Young & Arnold H. Ehler

Architects, A.I.A.

Thomas B. Childs & Company

Mason Contractors INTERSTATE BRICK COMPANY 3100 SOUTH lUh EAST SALT LAKE CITY

THE TEAKWOOD CHEST

All AlUMIMM ing of '( Continuedpanic, andfrom shepage wanted852 to ingsjob."when you should be hunting aSTORM WINDOWS AND DOORS swoop up candy and stockings and Kathy wet her lips. "I—if I got

hide them in a drawer, and then she a job I couldn't keep it. I'm going

thought, but why should I? I'm not to have a baby in June."

Keep Out doing anything wrong. Aunt Beulah's mouth fell open

Cold Drafts She went to the door and opened and then clamped shut, biting off it wide. "Merry Christmas, Aunt the words. "Well, if that isn't a

Save on Beulah!"fine mess. Of all the impractical

Fuel Aunt Beulah did not return the things!"

Stop Sweaty greeting. She stepped across the You don't call a baby an impracWindows threshold and said, "Hello, Kathy,"tical thing. Aunt Beulah, she

and her disapproving green eyes rethought wildly.

minded Kathy that Aunt Beulah did "You've always let your heart

EASY TERMS not approve the mother of three rule your head. You married Mark

CaJJ or Write children wearing "blujeans"and a instead of John Cardon. John would

flannel shirt, of letting her hair tumnever have left you penniless!"

INTERMOUNTAIN, INC. ble down around her shoulders. John Cardon was old enough to

Imm 4847 So. State, MurrayUtah "Where are the children?"be my father, she thought. And

the Beulah. Aunt Mark, And in seen I've never Aunt loved my life 955 MURRAY

full, years with I had him were smile, thought. Kathy MayDEALERS IDAHO, Beulah IN UTAH,

WYOMING, MONTANA, NEVADA be she can't. Maybe her face is happy years. Nothing, not even

MANUFACTURED IN UTAH frozen that way. "In the sewing death, can take them from me. She

Please have one ol your representatives room. They "She was instantly looked at Aunt Beulah, sitting there,

call and give us a free estimate. sorry she had told her, but it was grim, unsmiling, and she thought of

Name Phone too late. Aunt Beulah was already what her mother had said. "Aunt

Address in the sewing room, and the children Beulah was so terribly practical that

Town State were crying, "We're making Christshe wouldn't say as much as 'howmas stockings for the orphans!"do'to a man unless he had a house

"Isn't that Nickolas'teakwood to offer her, a good paying business,.

chest, Kathy? What's all that and $5,000 in the bank."

candy doing in there?"Poor, lonely Aunt Beulah, she thought. She's never known any

real happiness. JUST ARRIVED! me."That'sHe—heUncleknewNick'sthat legacywas myto "But now this is once you've

COLUMBIA'S RECORDINGS favorite kind of candy."got to be sensible. Last night the

OF THE Aunt Beulah sniffed. "He was family had a meeting."Kathy

TABERNACLE CHOIR childish in his old age. But at least,"stiffened. "And we decided that I

redid "he with bitterness, she said said she'd take Linda, Grace would off of us you. Cut the rest 12 selections of favorite member take Barry. keep You could MORMON HYMNS without even so much as a gumBut now—Paul.

such as drop. Turned every cent of his "Take my children away from me

"Come, Come fortune over to charity!"and separate them?"Kathy stood

Ye Saints"held up a stocking filled up, and the thought was pain, more $530 Barry "O, My Father"Add 25c for with candy. "We're going to have intense than she had known when

"Abide With Me"Postage a party tonight."Mark died. "Oh, no!"

(Includes and just else can "Well, you do? what party!"Beulah turned Aunt "A Tax)'Guide Us O Thou toof us has enough money her. now, None nonsense to "What Great Jehovah"

Kathy?"give you!"

MAIL THIS COUPON OR WRITE TODAY Kathy saw the apprehensive look Kathy walked over to the winName on her children's faces. "Come into dow; she had a feehng of being

Address the living room, Aunt Beulah. You trapped. "I think we're all being

she generous,"heard Aunt then children, and you pretty go ahead, thought, Linda Beulah say. She out. cookies cut the City.. State.. can help Mother

Check One) Enclosed How's that?"with Aunt Beulah? Oh, no, not Order Money

Check Enclosed sensitive Linda who needed warmth n Send C.O.D. Tn the living room, Kathy sank and affection. And Grace hated

Mormon Hymn Albums down on the couch, and Aunt boys. She'd said so in so many

Beulah sat on a straightbacked words. And yet what could she do!

Kathy, "Well, what do you say? a party! her. "Giving chair facing CO. BEESIEY MUSIC can't house."keep the You just of romantic the sort Salt Main70 South Lake City That's

Phone 4-6518 silly thing you'd do! Wasting your Kathy turned around, her hands.

good time making Christmas stock- [Continued on page 856) 854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

DECEMBER 1949 855 THE TEARWOOD CHEST {Continued from page 854) that's better. Now I look like a gay They turned towards her, and

held tight behind her back. "I hostess. their faces in the moonlight were

haven't lost it yet. I have until the She heard the chime of the front happy, and their voices rang out

first of the year."She clung desdoor and Linda called, "Oh, Mothlike bells on the still, cold night.

perately to the thought. There was er, here they are!""Merry Christmas to you!"

enough food in the house to last "Yes, dear. Let them in. I'm She thought, poor motherless

that long, too. coming."children! And then—where will my

Aunt Beulah stood up. "And She walked down the curved children be next year? Again alone

maybe by that time the family will stairway. The little girls from the in the house, the children clustered

have changed its mind. Then you orphanage were standing in a group around her. "Oh, Mother,"Linda

can see them land in an orphanage!"around Mrs. Bloomquist's substansaid. "I'm so glad they came. I've

tial form, so shy and quiet that one never been so happy."

After Aunt Beulah had gone, would not have known they were Kathy kissed her. "That's beKathy went into the sewing there. As one, they lifted their faces cause you feel the true spirit of

room. She gathered the children in to watch her and she heard their Christmas, dear. We had no exher arms and kissed them. She held murmur of, "Oh, pretty... pretty pensive gifts to give them, but we

them tight as if they might be..."and she prayed, please, let it gave of our hearts."She kissed the

snatched from her arms. be a happy party. small boys. "Now, off to bed so

"Mother, what's the matter?"And it was. She went to the that Santa Claus can come!"

Linda's voice had tears in it. piano and played gay, happy songs, She stood at the foot of the stairs

"Matter? Why, nothing, darand as the children sang, she could and watched them run up to bed,

ling!"She swallowed her tears and see their shyness disappear. There and she knew a feeling of letdown.

made her voice gay. "I'm just hapwere games, musical chairs, and a She covered her face with her

py that we have each other. Come Virginia reel; after that, punch in hands, and an indescribable feeling

on, let's get busy."sparkling glasses, and plates of of loneliness filled her.

She went through the rest of the cookies, and paper napkins trimmed When all was quiet and the childay in a sort of daze, mixing the with fat Santa Clauses. But the dren were asleep, she placed their

cookies, rolling them out, watching napkins they did not use. These toys around the tree, and tears

while Barry and Paul cut out stars were folded, oh, so carefully, hke stung her eyelids. Oh, Mark...

and brownies. some priceless possession, and put how happy he had been selecting

Linda came in to the kitchen and away in pockets. the electric train for Barry, the red

held up a plump red stocking. All too soon it was time to go. dump truck for Paul, the doll and

"That's the last one."Linda carried the candyfilled warm robe for Linda.

"Is the candy all gone, dear?"stockings from the kitchen, and And now he was gone, and she

"No. There's still a little bit Kathy gave one to each child as was alone. Worry swept over her

left."they cried, "Oh, thank you, thank again. She'd have to sell the house.

Enough to fill their stockings toyou!"Mrs. Bloomquist herded them You had to be practical. But sepnight, Kathy thought! out, hesitating a moment, her eyes arate the children... oh, no, please,

It was sixthirty, and Kathy went glistening. "You've given them no....

upstairs. She bathed, put on a black something they'll never forget,"she She took a bowl into the sewing

dress. And then she looked at hersaid. "May God bless you, Mrs. room. There was only a thin layer

self in the fulllength mirror. She Holmes."of Uncle Nick's candy left in the

looked pale, worried, sad. I mustn't Kathy walked to the door. "Merchest. Your legacy brought happilook like that tonight, she thought. ry Christmas, children!"she called. ness to many. Uncle Nick, she

She opened the closet door and took thought. Because of it we gave them

hostess gown. white herdown It SMALL GIFTS anever.evening they will treasure forvelvet of white thing lovely awas

and frothy lace. By B. y. Williams She scooped up a handful of

gifts small, "VT'ouR but are say? you in a her candy, and the on bought it for had bottom of the Mark

is the foe threatening 'And after strong? chest Barry she a extravagance of long, saw officiallook-burst

is lost? conflict the Already

was born. She had said, "Oh, Wait—you may be wrongi ing envelope. She put down the

Mark, you shouldn't have!"And Once there was a king's son bowl, and wondering, picked up the

he had smiled, "But, sweetheart, it who saw his father's soldiers envelope. It was addressed in a

isn't every day I'm presented with losing the battle. shaky handwriting, "To my niece,

a son!"And she'd put the gown fromSeizinga failinga brokenhand, fragment of sword Katherine."She opened the enon, paraded before him, and he'd he headed the charge velope and took out a letter. She

said, "You look hke a fairy princess and led his army read:

no, by golly, you look like toJustvictory.a broken fragment of sword...

Snow White!"But a king's son My dear niece:

king's son. Having lived too long and seen Now she put the gown on and mark well—a

stood before the mirror again. She Your gifts are but small, you say? too much of the greed and selfish-

I am takingbrushed her hair until it was spun Lay Buthold greaton thevictoriesbroken waitblade!to be won. ness of humanity,

gold. There now, she thought, Prove yourself a king's son! [Concluded on page 858)

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IVJ, RISJ r- I m.iii I

s?--s %f>-? %v r'?<s?E '?':.?cs?& x5>-s?c;??>- 9CS55-S '-y>-s -rJ-"? s,sj>-e 9''5?r>-e "j-iv-o 'tv-p o/'..

i

Make It a Never. /J

WITH THAT LIVE FOREVER! i BOOKS

i THE L. D. S. MISSIONARY BIBLE $9.25

King James Version; Cambridge University dictionary and concordance,

and I. D. S. Bible Ready Reference.

I The TRIPLE COMBINATION Leather bound, India paper, gilt edges $7.50

Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl of Great Price.

JESUS, THE CHRIST Cloth $2.75

By JAMES E. TALMAGE

1 The life and teachings of the Savior, written for Latterday Saints in the light of the revelations of the Restored Gospel.

Leather bound, India paper, gilt edges $7.00

of ARTICLES OF FAITH Cloth $2.00

By JAMES E. TALMAGE

1 Standard exposition of the doctrines of the Church.

Leather bound, India paper, gilt edges $6.00

SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH OTHERS $2.50

By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH "Peace on earth, good will to men"inspirafionally evidenced in practical attitudes and actions of daily life.

ON THE WAY TO IMMORTALITY AND ETERNAL LIFE $3.50

By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

This important book gives a full account of the historical necessity for the restoration of the gospel, by which God's gift to man of immortality and eternal life is recovered.

A!{ these and others available from our local dealers in Latterday Saint communities.

of?:-,

Is

H>i %. > Deseret Book Company

44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958

Salt Lake City 10, Utah m

DECEMBER 1949 Hard steering? THE lEAKWOOD CHEST

{Concluded [rom page 856) hold for you until January 1 the of sum $10,000. Hard shifting? thisberingunorthodoxyou in mywaywill.of rememis This not a great fortune. I

If you are the same gentle child could give you many times that.

preferred who Christmas A But little I love that Kathy who Carol, some shells, and a book ran back one to winter night kiss of pressed leaves and flowers to and thank an old man far too bags of tainted coins, you will much to corrupt her or her chilfind this letter. And if you do. dren with great wealth. I know will you, out of the kindness of of your desperate need, and

heart, your this forgive the whimsy sum will be only enough to give of an old man?

spell, a breathing you to provide

If you are still that dear person children for you until your who preferred common Christmas help support themselves. can

to chocolates, candy you will And now, my dear, a Merry thrust aside your own disappointment in your desire to share with Christmas to you.

someone the gift I have given Affectionately, you. Uncle Nickolas.

Then and only then can I with A bright tear slid down Kathy's a clear conscience pass on to you cheek and splattered on the paper.

a legacy of material value. My "And a Merry Christmas to you,

lawyers have been instructed to Uncle Nickolas,"she whispered.

WYNN'S FRICTION PROOFING OIL in the 4 02. bottle,

magical is simply label) (blue in MISSION TO POLYNESIA gears. Frees up noisy quieting

note) please (ladies steering tight (Continued 813) from page thirteen persons. to Tamarie Went easier for so much makes and tree the coconut it is most Without first of the and on the month, baptized shifting! gear

doubtful that these coral islands and confirmed two persons. Blends perfectly with all lubrilife. could support human using. are presently cants you Baptized and confirmed twentySta- or Service your Garage Ask the the natives coconuts From eight persons. them Among was an tion man.

oil, also they coconut which made the of by American name Patrick H. M. mCKS traded for cloth and other goods Cooney.

Utah Distributors when schooners called at the

SPANISH FORK. UTAH islands; but it grieved Addison to March 5, 1846, was a day long

see how the white traders took to be remembered by the two elders, advantage of the natives in the for on that day they received a exchanges. For a gallon of pure letter from Brother Wilford Woodcoconut oil the natives would reruff of the Council of the Twelve

ceive but one yard of common Apostles, dated November 1844.

calico, and for a wood ax they This was the first communication would have to part with eighteen they had had from the General gallons of oil. Authorities since they left Nauvoo,

Illinois, in May 1843. Sixteen

VXTiTH the two missionaries on the months had passed since the letter island the work of the Lord was sent. "Though old as the

went forward in earnest. Someletter is,"Addison wrote, "it contimes the elders worked together, tains news that is as refreshing to

but ofttimes they would separate us as cooling water to a thirsty as there were so many calls made soul."Although there was no

upon them. Baptisms also conword in the letter about their

tinued, with more natives joining the families, still it awakened fresh

Church every week. Typical enmemories and gave the missionaries

tries in Addison's journal regarding something to talk about whenever this are: they met, for weeks afterward. In

Tukuhora.... Here I baptized and the same package with the letter

Brother Grouard confirmed ten percame some newspapers from the sons. United States, printed in 1845.

Putuahora.... We spent the SabTelling of these Addison recorded:

Read bath here, and I baptized, and Brother From these we get the threats of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GrouardI stayedconfirmedat Tukuhoranine tillpersons.the 23rd. mobs'voo if thedeterminationmurderers ofto BrotherdestroyJosephNau12 Issues $2.50 On the 22nd I baptized and confirmed and fiyrum are brought to justice.

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Vvhat is our country coming to? There

are threats of war with England and

Mexico, and if she does not see justice administered to her subjects, I is preparing a heavy the Lordbelieve AllisChalmers her back. forscourge

On June. 6, 1846, Elder Grouard demonstrates ner

left in a aative vessel with a crewof natives from Anaa to make a earthgripping traction pioneer missionary trip to other torai atolls in the Tuamotu group.

Addison remained on Anaa to continue the work there and look after the branches. When Elder Grouard

returned three months later, he reported they had visited ten islands:

Faaite, Fakarava, Toau, Kaukura,

Makatea, Vairaatoa, Rangiroa, Tikahau, Arutua, and Apataki, and baptized one hundred sixteen persons. "Could I have remained

longer,"he wrote, "many more would have been baptized."

How great was the need for laborers! The natives of many

islands were literally crying for missionaries to come to them. The

branches at Tubuai wanted a missionary to return to assist them.

More than any development since

There were great prospects on the AllisChalmers introduced the first tractor islands which Elder Grouard had with rubber tires in 1932, the hydraulic Traction, just visited, and there were dozens Booster increases the usefulness and pulling power of the farm tractor.

of other islands in the Tuamotu The 4 -cylinder hydraulic pump mechanism of the WD tractor augroup which had not even been tomatically shifts weight to the rear wheels as the load increases. The

touched by the missionaries. WD's quickmounted plow, with two full 16inch bottoms at yoiur conFeeling certain that if the General trol, bites deep and stays deep. Mounted, deep tillage HydroTools

Authorities of the Church underare also operated by the WD hydraulic Traction Booster system.

stood the conditions in the islands The WD actually gives new meaning to the word "tractor". Not

... the WD boosts traction when you need it. Adjusts they would send help, the elders only does it pull

decided that Addison should return its own rear wheel spacing with engine power. Lifts and lowers implebelt-driven... and machines Operates ments. power takeoff and

to the States following the general driven controls takeoff system, power through its new twoclutch mission conference which had been machines independent of forward travel.

called for September 24, "recruit"

Here is downto-earth power for your family farm. It's years ahead.

as many missionaries as possible, It's priced sensibly. It's AllisChalmersl

and return with them and his wife and family. Elder Grouard would?- '.

remain in the islands and keep the Complete Line of HYDROTOOLS work going as best he could. for Deep Tillage

The Church assembled at PutuOne basic mounting frame carries quickhara on the date set aside, and the attached, hydraulic -control tools for following branches were reported: ditching, subsoiling, bedding, border

Tubuai with sixtyone members; ridging,spring toothchiseling,harrowing,furrowing,scrapingcultivating,or levMetia [Mehetia] with fourteen eling. Add to these the WD adjustable

members; Anaa, five branches numfront axle or single front wheel, as desired, the most advanced have and youbering fiftyone six hundred memfarraingl irrigated outfit for tractor wheel

bers; Makatea, fortyone members;

Aura [probably Arutua], seventeen members; Rangiroa, ten members;

and three other islands with eighteen members. All of these

Saints were in good standing in the TRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A. ( flUISCHflLMERS MChurch.

( To be continued) DcCEMBER 1949, 859 The Fort on the Firing line (Concluded irom page 820} their wives, boys to their sweethearts.

It simply wouldn't do. Every man ORDER ONE TODAY? and boy with the courage and purpose

of the fort in his veins resolved it should not be tolerated. Bluff might

be the back of the backwoods, and its social customs might be ten years out of date, but the standard was not to be compromised. The womanhood

of the fort was as free of stain as the desert flowers around it, and the spirit of the fort resolved that these birds of the underworld should not compromise the sacred standards by taking part as equals in that party.

But what was to be done? These

desperate fellows would be furious at any public show of disapproval—they

might make serious trouble, now or in the future. Let them think as they

pleased and do their worst; this was

no place for compromise; the fortitude which could face a hundred

bloodthirsty Navajos to save the lives of the community could face any leanbrained challenge to its cherished standards.

The floor manager, for no dance

See full color pictures ''come to life"in THREE DIMENSIONS went on in Bluff without a supervisor who had standards and backbone, apfigures prominent the most proached SiereO'Stories quietly told the gang, them and of mmmMB

Tale. child give Christmas, delight Fairy any and amaze To activities in the participation their that

Scenic illustrated Stories Travelogues Bible Animal, Wild and life"not will to be tolerated. that full in realistic the color evening would photographs "come three VIEWMASTER of

Pictures Reels dimensions. for are mounted on sevenscene use STEREOSCOPE As the word was passed among them, Stereoscopes 300 in ViewMaster and Projectors. Over educaglances questioning tional, exchanged entertaining Reels available. Perfect gifts for year S200 they 'round enjoyment. silent, at the with indecision and glared

FAIRY TALES WILD ANIMALS of seemed them crowd. waiting Some Six Reels pictures) Reels with Three (42 j- $2<00

i..UU Stories pictures). the for (21 longed others blush, but to HOLY Six i Ninei with Stones LANDj spectacular. something to do courage *2.00 ReelsP'->.,.S'reir *3.00 t,ItZXs CHRISTMAS<f STORY resentment of their elements wild The REELS INDIVIDUAL

mtfl) $1.00 ='-'3 '-l-OO sputtered and hung fire as something

BIBLE STORIES about to explode.

Story with 7-scene Reel, each 50C After whispering back and forth in confusion, they turned and went swaggering towards the door, the tread of their heavy boots resounding like hoofs on the silence. Reaching the

outside they mounted in josthng haste,

UTAH PHOTO MATERIALS CO. jingle and rattle of stirrup and squeak

their St. South astride 27 West Temple lighting f leather, and of

Salt City Lake Utah on the keen headed they away horses Please ship the $.. following me 1, items in return for money orcier

which includes tax: jump, firing their pistols, and piercing

the night with hideous yells.

The spirit of dancing had gone the Name from log meetinghouse—everyone Address

as the roar of the indignantly paused

PLEASE PRINT coarse insult reached their ears. The

firm stuff which had stopped the intruders and turned them back, raced after them in the night and warned in act shooting try that to never them THE CENTRE CAMERA again. Just Bluff what of the streets 107 EAST BLDG. BROADWAYCENTRE THEATRE

would happen if they did, they were left to guess, or learn by experience if they had to know. They cursed UTAH PHOTO MATERIALS CO and mumbled, but were left to think

27 West South Temple St. (opposite the Temple Square) it over and use their best judgment.

{To be continued) 860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Apron Strings {Continued [rom page 807) and current talk are sick, distorted, impure, untrue, and even nauseating in their lewdness, she must keep sweet and pure. With all the power you

possess, you will see to it that these vicious destroyers are ruled out of the life of your loved daughter.

It is from you she should learn respect for the human body as you discuss with her its important functions. It is your responsibility to give

her the truth about love and its properemphasis in boygirl relationships, ENRICHED courtship, and marriage. It is you who

should teach her that to be chaste ismore important than life itself; that WITH VITAMINS

she should not be too obvious in preferences for men; and that her lovemust be guarded and cherished for the FOR ENERGY

one Godfearing man to whom she may be married for the eternities in one of >< our holy temples.

There have been many times during your years of motherhood when you have been weary, discouraged, have %i?TT*

felt imposed upon, neglected and left out. Queer, wasn't it, how in those

days of tedious, tiring routine that baby care requires, one tiny smile from your wee one sent a flood of love surging over you, and some of At A// the weariness seemed to slip away.

I Just so now, a word of thanks, an exFood Stores pression of admiration, a thoughtful kindness from this grown daughter restores energy, supplies new strength. Royal Baking Co., Salt LakeOden

When everything is taken into acSince 1892 cbunt, the good days and the bad ones, the joys and the sorrows, sickness and health, successes and disappointments, it has been worth the price. The good has far overshadowed

che bad. Achievement in any field is

not built on the plan of something for nothing. All too soon this daughter

of yours will leave your home to establish one of her own. Since her

babyhood you have worked to prepare her to meet her new life with intelligence, faith, courage, and sweetness. When that day finally

comes, no sweeter joy can come to you than to have her say as one young girl said recently to her mother, "I hope I can make my home as happy and have the same sweet spirit"that yours possessed. has always DON'T WAIT FOR A FIRE TO JOLT YOU her marriage day approaches, When

you will take pride in her trousseau, INTO ACTION!

parties, plans, and but wedding your Check up on Now—beforegreat for concern that her inner will be insurance. have a fire—makeyour Fire Insurancesure you righthave now.enough feelings, her faith convictions. and A you

bond of love and understanding beCall the friendly Agent of the tween you will give her poise andsecurity as she approaches this imUTAH HOME FffiE INSURANCE COMPANY portant step. You have been welcome he will be glad to help you.

in her affairs because you always HEBER J. GRANT & CO.. General Agent—Salt Lake City

{Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1949 861 Apron Strings ( Concluded Irom preceding pag<.- )

had time for her. In those early

unsure, you "LiniE GIANT OF THE WEST"teensdid notwhenlaughshe atwasthe soquestions she brought to you. You listened respectfully, saw her side of the situation,

celebrates remembered when you were younq, and led her tactfully, though sometimes painfully, to the proper"solution.

difficult this its Golden JubileewasShe neverfor youdreamedat times;howshe only knew

that mother was "tops."You were

always interested in her friends. You

an event of importance to all steel users made your home their "hangout."It

wasn't too hard always to have the makings of a sandwich in the icebox, and a healthy snack soothed many a THE IRONTON PLANT of the Geneva Steel troubled mind.

Company, located in Provo, Utah, has completed Truly, marriage is an art. Every

25 years of successful operation... operation worthy mother in every generation has faced

of the name "Little Giant of the West"given to the the problem of keeping a constant,

Ironton Works blast furnace by friends and custorefreshing, refueling, revitalizing atmers shortly after it began producing back in 1924. titude to keep the true viewpoint.

You brought to your marriage the

The Ironton Plant has done much to provide betfreshness and sweetness, the charm ter service to meet the steel needs of the West. Durand vitality of your youth; to preserve

ing the quarter century of its operation the plant has these virtues in your association with produced more than 4 million tons of basic and your daughter will be to possess the foundry pig iron and used 6% million tons of Utah magic key to her feelings and atticoal and 8 million tons of Utah iron in this productudes. They will open her heart and

to you, in mind confidence that you tion. At the same time it has provided jobs and

her, will understand give and will payrolls for many, many residents of Utah County. weight and persuasion to your denial

The activities of the Ironton Plants are typical of her desires, if such your love diof all the Geneva Steel plants, and of the plants of rects. If you can, however, wholeColumbia Steel and Consolidated Western—Califorheartedly concur in her wishes, you

nia subsidiaries of United States Steel. The facilities will both know the rich sweetness of

and services of these plants are being constantly mutual agreement.

strings"held "apron which Those childhood, close improved... millions of dollars are being spent to her and in babyhood

bring them up to maximum capacity. that were loosened slightly during

United States Steel feels that in aiding the proadolescence, now in adulthood bind gress of the West it serves the entire nation. and hold her heart and mind and spirit

to you, her mother, in a holy bond of motherdaughter love. At the same

UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION time,taughtbecauseher by preceptof the principlesand example,you'veshe

SUBSIDIARIES is both free and wellequipped to stand on her own feet and make her own wise decisions. It has never been your

to do her thinking or living for KIHSfE D j.j'Ys-'-Y'Tt L planher.

Again you feel as you did long ago

BOOKS For PRESENTS FUN AT THE PIANO with the whensoftly nightabout hadamongfallenthoseand sleepingyou movedlitFAIRY PRINCESS For Field Mission and Home for these do I contle ones—Father, is the AudioVisual new key that unlocks the door BeforeThe Americas Columbus $5.00 myself! secrate to child's your personal of music. world own

Christ Ancient.. Americans Among 2.50 Beginner's interest creative course, A designed

America's Lost Civilizations in the leaders music field teaching 2.00 by children for

Cumorah's Gold Bible—(McGavin) 2.25 from 4 to 10 years of age

The Golden Plates—(Pierce) 2.50 Through Audio instruction as recorded on 6 unsides), records Fairy breakable (12 the PrincessMiniature Models for 2.00 75c—3 fairy tales the explains and musical each

........Story of Book of Mormon—(Pierce) step, step the 3.00 tellspassage teacher plays and by

Other Sheep (Story of 3rd Nephi) 1.00 complete selection while your child follows visually,the

SPECIAL COMBINATION OFFER: the simplified written music and words.

Americas Before Columbus and Last Days (Reg. COMPLETE ALBUM. $7.95 Postpaid for$7.50) $6.75 Postpaid.

"The Book That Has Helped Most"FREE with every Remit or send a card for further information to book order. NATIONAL CHILDREN'S MUSIC

THE PYRAMID PRESS PRODUCTIONS CO, 609 S. 2nd East Salt Lake City 2, Utah 608 Zion's Savings Bank BIdg., Salt Lake

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Sunday School Wo Q\S<o irSo o.i5o o-o vSo oo o.io 9 -Q v-rQ 9 0 o -*i tyo o

looks Forward

page 805) from {Concluded Everyone BOOKS MAKE (SHmtmm away.fignal was taken

knew that God and Gordon were communing together.

Prayer is just as important in MERRY AND MEMORABLE times of peace as in war. Teachers,

begin the preparation of your lesfor the children sons in prayer. Teach your lessons

with a prayerful heart. Then pray Blazing the Pioneer Trail 35c

your message enrich will that God Picture, action stories of pioneers and Indians. through children of your souls in the

the influence of his Holy Spirit. My Picture Book of Songs $2.50

Finally, the Deseret Sunday Gay songs and music with large, colorful illusSchool Union looks forward totrations which delight the children.

night, and we hope it is beginning today, when nobihty of character A Story to Tell $2.25

will be recognized as being greater 138 great, classical stories for faith and character than intellect; when faith in our building.

Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, when loyalty to the standards and prinFaith Promoting Stories $1.25

ciples of his restored gospel, will be Stories of pioneers and people of the great west.

the motivating ideals in the Hfe of every child and youth in the A Voice from the Dust $4.00

Church. May God's nearness and The Book of Mormon beautifully illustrated for

his guidance, to which all pupils and children and youth.

teachers are entitled, hasten that day, I pray in the name of Jesus Stories from the Book of Mormon $2.00

Christ. Amen. The characters and faith building careers and

adventures of the Book of Mormon.

These Times Scouting for the Mormons on the Great 794) f;com page {Concluded Frontier $2.00 events in the inaugural casion of July

H, 1949. A cheerful, buoyant faith building story of adventure for the Mormons in the great West.

T-ToNG Kong is still a European base;

and for all practical purposes, a All these and others available from your local book dealers.

temporary European island in the

Asiatic the greatest world—perhaps

port in the world. But Canton, the DESERET BOOK COMPANY great southern capital, is nearby—the

ancient gateway for the Europeans 44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958

who came to the Far East. Chinese Salt Lake City 10. Utah

history runs through nearly forty dynastic periods. With nearly three e e'e "".ffS o5.o "y o.5 c oS'jStS "JZ'?J!2? tlZ "jfSC lM

hundred souls to each square mile in

China proper, can we imagine possible future stakes of Zion for those who freely choose the gospel? What

might we all do to comprehend Chinese cultural traditions and make the proper, worthy approach to a great people? It will test our faith,

ingenuity, and intelligence in these PROVED IN THE times.

SADDLE...

AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL. Since 1850

DECEMBER 1949 863 Evidences and Reconciliations

(Concluded from page 833) Adam, who in turn will deliver them to Jesus the Christ, under whose commission the earth work has been done.

That places Adam, the first man, foremost in the family of men (Jesus excepted, who was begotten of God the

Father). The Prophet Joseph said

that: "The Father called all spirits before

Him at the creation of man, and organized them. He (Adam) is the

head, and was told to multiply. The

keys were first given to him, and by him to others. He will have to give

an account of his stewardship, and they to him."'"

"Adam holds the keys of the dispensation of the fulness of times; i.e.

the dispensation of all the times [that] have been and will be revealed through him from the beginning to Christ, and from Christ to the end of the dispensations"11that are going to be revealed.

Certainly. under Christ, Adam

stands at the head of the human race;

as certainly, he will be blessed with the title God.

Moreover, in the sermon referred to,

Brigham Young spoke of Adam as

Michael, the archangel, the Ancient of

Days, so that nowhere can an intelligent reader confuse Adam with either member of the Godhead.

The answer to the question at the head of this writing is that there are many gods.—/. A. W.

What Archaeologists say of Ancient America! "/few..''Teachings16768of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 158

1. That the primitive people were not indigenous but that they

migrated from somewhere else.

2. That there were two migrations.

3. That the people were all one race.

4. That they practiced Christianity before Columbus'time.

5. That they believed in one Supreme God.

6. That they believed in the immortality of the soul.

7. That they had a written language.

8. That they have left evidences of their marvelous culture,

which is manifest in the mighty pyramids and temples, constructed by this mysterious race.

Read this in "The Americas Before Columbus"... Price $5.00

by Dewey Farnsworth Holiday Fun

THEN READ THE CONFIRMATION OF THESE STATEMENTS IN {Continued from page 817) "THE STORY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON"Price $3.00 to express their feelings about

"THE GOLDEN PLATES"...Price $2.50 Christmas. If you begin by calHng

Both by Florence Pierce on the youngest, you will be aspostpaid $10.00 ALL THREE OF THE ABOVE BOOKS by FOR ONLY writing to sured of unusual responses, which

St., Salt PIERCE, Columbus 576 Lake City 3, FLORENCE Utah

(Copies autographed if requested) will prove stimulating to the adults.

After the dishes are washed and the dining room gathered together, games are in order. There are

L. D. S. HEADQUARTERS FOR a colorplayed; that be can many Delicious—-- IN LAS VEGAS. NEVADA is cat game. the one gay ful and I I SUNVISTA

PEAS 1 BLACKEYED it? many to try See how Want KING'S YE REST MOTEL BUTTER BEANS

BABY LIMA BEANS 528 SOUTH 5th STREET words you can think of that begin

PINTO BEANS CHILI PEPPERS Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner with the word ca Now frame GREEN

PINTO BEANS WITH PORK Edgar H. Foutz, Manager questions that will draw the correct

At Your Grocers Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout answer you want from those who364m THE IMPROVEMENT ERA are playing the yarae. Here are a

few to start with: What cat was

used as punishment? Cat-o'-ninetails is the answer. What cat is COLUMBIA RECORDSfound in Rome? Catacomb. What

cat becomes an inventory? Catalogue. What cat becomes a tree? presents the

Maybe you'd like to guess that for wouldn't? youyourself. Oh,

Easy, catalpa. theright, it's All mmm

wasn't it? An abridged—and if

you are particularly flush, an un- (fJOIP abridged—dictionary will prove of in a new

invaluable assistance and will help record album expand your vocabulary at the same time.

How about inventing a few games of your own? After all, how

Gift Album This Wonderful CO., 47 So. Main MUSIC DAYNES into think came gamesdo you

1, Salt City Lake Utah Includes first place? Someone in thebeing

in Please (postpaid send United States) Ye Saints Come, Come $5.20 Album than MM861 ingenuity bit a more Dhad Father My O as long playing above on record G ChoirSame With Abide Me anothbehold, lo and $3.85 ML2077the rest—andjust Us, sales (In Utah, tax) Guide Thou Great Jehovah add O 2% posinvented. Theer was game Lord's Prayer The

Name limited infinite, aresibilities of fun Fortress Mighty A

Address and your imagination youronly by THIS COUPON City and State ORDER

United States PostageTODAY—MAILprepaid by us in if should be limitless whichtime

you begin early enough and commandeer the efforts of the entire family. If you are fortunate enough to Daunes IHusic Co*have a copy of Recreation in the 4

Home, published by the auxiliary organizations of the Church in 1942, by all means put it to work.

for it is full of suggestions for fun.

But do think up your own games;

be as creative as possible, and who knows, it may be that you will initiate a game that will sweep the country and become more popular than Pit or Flinch.

As an example of ingenuity, one game popped up last year that is both inexpensive and fun. Get

some of the egg crate dividers from your grocery store, one for each player. Then get enough marbles

to fill every egg hole but one, and enough marbles for each of the egg dividers. The object of the

game is to remove all but one marble from the board—and it can

be done! The jumping of the

marbles is done similar to checkers, only it occurs at right angles only, and not in kittycornered fashion as in checkers. Removing all the

marbles takes skill, but it is fun to do. Two ways can be used in

playing it, one for skill and one for speed. Little prizes can be given

after each game; this adds to the

fun. Balloons, pencils, sticks of

( Concluded on [allowing page )

DfCFMPFR 1949 865 ward the kiLcnen, an act not unHOIIDAI FUN noticed by the lady of the house.

gum—anything(Concluded from forprecedingfun—canpage) be oursomereligiousof the Pioneerheritage.ChristmasSometimesceleIn "Hungry,a whisper Kris?she asked,Tell you what

given. brations from one's own ancestors go and make your phone call while

Whatever you do, be sure to reor those of others may also be I'm getting the kiddies to bed. When

serve time in the evening to tell the added to the Christmas story to you get back, we'll have a bite old, old Christmas story as it apshow how our heritage is part of there's oodles of Irish stew. Care

pears in the gospel of Luke or in the great history of our people. for that?"

Third Nephi of the Book of MorCertainly we should welcome Quintus inhaled a little deeper, mon about the coming of Christ every opportunity to make our famthen capitulated.

I do. I'll make the to this continent. The fun you ily life one that will endure because "Yes—yes,

have had will become even more of our common experiences both call—then, I'll be back!"

meaningful if it is made part of recreationally and religiously. His departing words were gruff

but convincing. He quoted from a

dimlyremembered verse.

CHRISTMAS C.O.D. "Merry Christmas, children—and

to all a good night."

{Continued from page 825) greeting—and much to his astonishThe pealing of the childish voices,

him such a sharp elbow jab that ment, the words boomed out, bidding him warm farewell, lingered

Quintus lost his seat entirely, "Merry Chrismas!"with him as he trudged up the shpskidded down the slippery floor of Quintus H. jumped back on a pery road toward the distant light

the truck, out the rear end, and, checkersquare of reality, feehng his of the httle food stand to make a fortunately, upright on his feet, throat in relief—his voice was again phone call to his chauffeur.

in working would have order! He hoisted promptly the driver where difficulty After call some with his

tried the greeting again, the but of toys on his bag a hornof-plenty to Salms, directing the clerk to conhappy back. shouts of the children made tact his chauffeur outside, Quintus

it superfluous.

standhimself the receiver Presently banged he found and As their childishly expectant eyes wearily cotlighted stood peering a little ing around alone before the stand gazed hopefully at the mysterious at tail of the shelves. the light the tage, empty watching hamburger The big bag, Quintus Claybaugh was a sight shook of amid fading out man truck

lost reverie. in a seeing He was

falling flurry of snow. "Sorry, a pickle even Kris—nothis head. tree, another gailyChristmas with

Mr. Claybaugh seemed to be wrapped gifts piled at its base, the left tonight. I'm just locking up. jumping around on some giant tang of the pine tingling his boyish Good night—and Merry Christcheckerboard—some squares of nose as he excitedly unwrapped mas!"

the dream world, and were of which Christmas."It was easier "Merry his eyes, shielded by the them—and

realistic enough. some to say this as he time, and hungry thoughtful. mask, grew

He made a double jump to the Slowly his big, awkward, hands was, somehow the exchange of next square, knocked with cold, ununloosened the draw cords and greetings lightened his walk back accustomed knuckles at the shabby opened the bag wide for the three to the cottage.

door of the house, and plomped gleeful children as he said, Half an hour later, with a sigh heavily into a small front room. He "All for you, children."of satisfaction, Mr. Claybaugh

was almost overthrown by three In the pandemonium that ensued, leaned back in the kitchen chair hilarious children, who helped with Mr. Claybaugh breathed freer, then after two helpings of the Irish stew,

the bag of toys. leaned toward the lady beside him. deepdish apple pie, nippy cheese,

Still in this fantastic dream. "Madam,"he whispered, "I am and a tall glass of milk.

Quintus discovered himself face to Quintus H. Claybaugh. I must Then he thought of his dyspepsia

face with the most charming and make a phone call at once. Do tablets. Where had he left them?

lovely lady he ever encountered you have a phone here?"Lavendar or not, he was going to

the matronly, beaproned lady of "I'm Kathryn Connor. No, I'm need them quickly—or was he? The

the house—auburn hair in queenly sorry, the nearest phone is at the usual attack of gastritis was not

Goils on her head, her hazel eyes little hamburger stand up the road."materializing!

lustrous. At the mention of hamburgers, An expansive smile spread over

The lovely lady was saying, Mr. Claybaugh realized suddenly his large face. Now, when he smiled,

"Welcome, indeed. Santa! Now, that he was hungry, really hungry, Quintus Claybaugh was not a badMannie, do you believe there's a and that for some minutes the delooking fellow. His eyes were

licious odor of cooking had been asfriendly enough when the smileSanta Claus? But, Santa—surely all

these wonderful presents can't be sailing his nostrils. lighted them.

just for us!"His subconscious visualized saKathryn Connor rather liked this

At this juncture, Mr. Claybaugh vory vegetables and tender meat tidSanta that Salms had sent. At his

caught his reflection in a mirror. bits simmering in their spicy, onionnext question, however. Miss ConFor the life of him, surveying the flavored juices. An Irish stew it was, nor turned on him the most puzzled

glamorously arrayed, laughing Kris nothing less. of smiles.

Kringle. he could think of only one Quintus glanced longingly to- "Mrs. Connor,"began Quintus

866 THE IMORVFAAENT ERA

H., "your husband—is he away this

Christmas?"

Quiet steps coming up the front porch of the httle house answered the question for her. As a rather

careworn but cheerful Httle woman entered and came into the kitchen,

Kathryn held out her hands and drew the other into a chair. The

tired little lady, tears shimmering in her eyes, could only repeat, "Bless you, God bless you, my dear, for all you've done for us tonight. Are they asleep?"

"Yes, dear. They've had a

wonderfulClaybaugh—theChristmas,Santathanksfrom toSalms,Mr.

you know."Quintus H. was undergoing an

dressing.o enlightened shock as Miss Connor BEST BREAD IDEA OF THE MONTH a

explained. make your Christmas turkey the biggest hit in years! Over hussee, Hewley's Mrs. "You 7 cups of bread cubes made from Fisher's enriched white bread

recently, her with leaving died band the three children. I'm secretary to pour IV2 cups of boiling water. Add 2 tablespoons of poultry

the manager at Salms, Inc., and I seasoning, 3 teaspoons of salt, V2 teaspoon pepper, IV2 cups

heard of her plight through the finely cut celery and 1 cup of melted butter or margarine. Mix

store. thoroughly, handling the mixture lightly. Spoon the dressing

"We got Mrs. Hewley a job; and into the prepared bird. If body is full, sew skin; if not full, bring

I've come out to tend the children together with a skewer. That finer flavor of Fisher's makes this

a time or two. Tonight she worked dressing a family favorite. Always buy Fisher's—bread at its late during the Chrismas rush—and"best!

so, here you found me.

Miss Connor glanced at her wrist watch. "I hope the truck won't be late getting back. I have a little office

work left to do before going home.

I'd planned to ride back with the irS TIME FOR driver when he comes to pick you GAY WEEKENDS up."It was Mr. Claybaugh's cue for CATHEDRAL CHIMES and

a surprise, as he said, "That won't be necessary, I think. Miss Connor. May I drive

you to town in my car?"

This time it was the rather con- f Within the reach / regardless church, of every g descending rap on the front door 1 1,00C I Over or budget. of size

by the chauffeur, Preston, that an- / installations testify to their superior 1 swered the question. Preston dazedtone, dependable operation. V

ly recognized his employer, and, musing mightily, went before Miss I MAASarillonsCathedrarHarp ChimesCeleste VibrachimesVibrachord to hold Claybaugh and Connor Mr.

isl< /our nearby Moos Dea/er or v/riie to;.1 the of the limousine. open door

As they settled in the luxurious warmth of the car, Kathryn turned by GREYHOUND and looked at Quintus H.

... it's "May I ask, Mr. Claybaugh, who "Take-a-tripGo places andTime"!do thingsGo Greyhound you are—when you're not doubling—v/ithout traffic tension and parking v/orries. Ask your Greyhound for St. Nicholas? You let me believe

departure about convenient Agent all along that—"times and low fares today! WEDDINGS BANQUE''"-

that—'}ust as you let me believe OVERLAND GOODALL SIZE PARTIESFOOD

PLACE & PA'S D MA'S They both laughed, and as the R EYH a U N

Lake Highway OgdenSalt TRANSIT by INTERSTATE big car whished through the night, Operated LINES U.S. 91 PHONE 2-0824 INC. PACIFIC STAGES, and UNION

( Continued on following page DECEMBER 1949 867: a

CHRISTMAS C.O.D.

preceding page) from have can my"shoes—and the overof his Are You Planning Quintus{Continuedtold eventful evetoo. coat,

To Build or ning.Miss ConnorAs the wascity sayinglights loomed up. wardTo again,the clerk,he whocontinued,had come forto I want

How Remodel a of "Eachthe storeChristmasto findit'sa thenumbercustomof buy"It'sthisall outfit—allright, fellow.of it.

needy families and provide a merry much?"

Christmas for them. Businessmen of "It's very irregular—but, say,

the city send checks, and Salms ten for the boots—and twentyfive make up the toy bags and hire for the rest—

Santas to deliver them, The two stared as Quintus "Tonight the 'Adjustment Decounted out the bills, and as he partment'was used for this work. turned to go,, he called out, "In the

We call the organization, 'Santa coat pocket you'll find a box of

Seconds.'Sort of a Christmas C. O. pills; they're for dyspepsia, I think.

D. arrangement, you might say."Merry Christmas!"

at Salms, Inc., Miss The other "Number Nine,"new Come In And See Arriving

Connor went to the manager's ofshoes in hand, the overcoat over his this amazing fice, and Mr. Claybaugh proceeded arm, could only mumble, "Well,

lot. Merry WOODWORK STYLE BOOK to the basement to "report in"and thanks, pal—thanks a

receive his pay for the evening's Chris'mas."

work. Kathryn Connor glanced up with

It seemed a fatal door, that portal a smile as Quintus entered her ofIt's designed especially to to the "Adjustment Department,"fice.

help you choose beautiful opening on some new adventure "I shan't be long. I'm totaling the

woodwork for your home! each time. The clerk stared blankly checks from our 'Santa Seconds'—

The big Curtis Woodwork at him as he made his entrance. nice sum they make too."

Style Book helps you make "Number Nine! Didn't you wait Sitting opposite the lovely lady,

enwhat on mind your up for truck, the man?"Claybaugh, impulse, Mr. on reachcloset china mantel, trance,

"I had own transportation my fountain ed for checkbook and pen. you woodwork other or

want. back,"smiled Quintus "The toys As he pushed a check towards her,

100 pages of actual photowere all delivered in good order, he said quietly, graphs—many in natural your Miss Connor will verify that. "Please see that the Hewleys get

colors—give you inspiration I brought her back."this, will you, Kathryn?"

for creating a more charmTheir conversation was cut short Miss Connor gazed at the check home! comfortable ing, more individual, dollars, unwinding for then, a a large with thousand by

fun Have it fingers, totaled on deft curledup position with the himself from a browsing throughbook—builder's big this

there's no obligation! Take an office bench. At the mention of others.

it home for a few days, if you "Number Nine,"he lumbered up "Yes, Quintus, I'll personally see wish! and stopped just short of Mr. Claythat Mrs. Hewley gets it. It's very

baugh. generous of you."

ASK YOUR FRIENDLY LUMBER "Look, chum, I'm Number Nine "I haven't been generous for a

DEALER TO YOU SHOW kin it? tell you time."clerk there long long, The—get THIS BOOK out his passed lips twist into a smile they Letting here when I was

luiiUKKriY MERRILL it CO. MORRISON.

InXMrLiDiM the numbers this afternoon. Right?"again, he queried, "There's someBUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS I He turned belligerently to the thing I'd like to ask you, Kathryn."

paling clerk for verification. "Yes?"

"Now, see here, men, we'll have "Tell me, did you really make

Irish stew?"no trouble. There seems to have that—wonderful SEND ME YOUR been a mistake made somewhere."Kathryn Connor, verging on GENEALOGY PROBLEMS laughter, pursed her lips soberly,

nothin'! This guy PEDIGREES, BIOGRAPHIES, PIONEER "Mistake, she placing hands on hips, just and LOST PERSONS ANCESTORS OR to I'm goin'crowd in, and 'Service Charges Reasonable) crowded Very brogue, exaggerated with an spoke him out—STOUT WAYNE "Sure, now, me dear old mither 1721 p. O. BOX SALT LAKE CU'i

Oddly unperturbed, Mr. Claymade the best Irish stew in all

merely, said baugh recipe have the to the clerk, County Mayo—I pay now.""I'll take my captivated from her."Her laugh

five dollar crisp the up Taking completely. him HOTEL LANKERSHIM laid the clerk the on which her apartment entrance, bidAt 7th & BROADWAY bill

ROOMS WIT desk, Quintus looked levelly at his ding her good night, Mr. Claylie or Double beetlebrowed opponent. baugh asked, "May I call again,

LOS ANGELES "You need this more than I do, Kathryn? I'd like to keep track of

TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"I think, sir! And as long as I'm the Hewleys, you know."

going to wear these boots home, you Miss Connor contemplated the 868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA genuine smile of Quintus. "Please

do, I'll be very glad to keep youinformed of the Hewleys. Good THE NEW DODGE WAYFARER

night. Merry Christmas!""G-PASSENGER SEDAN

"Merry Christmas, Kathryn.

As he spoke the increasingly familiar words, something seemed to choke him up, as though his soul were expanding in the right proportion to his ample body.

When, with the help of the amazed Keyes, Mr. Claybaugh had

divested himself of the crimson with drive in the sensational Do not be satisfied just a look. Take aclothing and black boots, and settled

car is talking about. everyone

himself into the big chair before his own fireplace, he again called for DELIVERED IN SALT LAKE CITY FOR ONLY ginger tea.

To Tresa, the cook, who set it $196950 before him, he said, "Tresa, can COME IN FOR A DEMONSTRATION you make oldfashioned Irish stew?"IMMEDIATE DELIVERY!—SEE IT TODAY!

"Irish stew is it, sir? Faith, an'

me sainted mither made the best Lyman Motor Co., Inc. Irish stew in all—6th South and Main Streets 4-8481

sir. It's "Not"—in inallCountyCountyMayo?"CorA:,

her own recipe that I be still havin'."

"Good. Perhaps we could start

the New Year off with a taste of the fine old dish."That Extra Something

"We could indeed, Mr. Claybaugh. I'll see to that, sir."Scholastic excellence is vital! But it is even

Keyes, with the crimson Santa more valuable when combined with the spiroutfit in hand, held a Httle gingerly, itual. Get training, but also get—

though not unwillingly, asked in formal but smiling reserve, "The L. D. S. RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION an—costume, sir?"Quintus H. turned and regarded INSPIRATION AND CULTURE

apparel that gay fondly the had FRIENDLINESS AND COMPANIONSHIP so effectively and hapclothed him pily that Christmas Eve, and quietly m PERSONAL COUNSELING said, as though the uniform were,a part of his everyday life, "Will boots, the polish Keyes? you study And Begin rtgham Young University pressed the suit cleaned and have any quarter.

Winter term to outfit the whole and just add my ''The Friendly Schoor start it classes I needing be wardrobe. may 2. January "PROVO, UTAH again—another Chrismas Eve.

The master's eyes roved around the big room, at the heavydraped windows and staid, somber furniWANT ture, and to his waiting man he TO STOP SMOKING?

musingly suggested, "Keyes, could NicoStop,stop fhe tobacconew medicalhabit. discovery,Pleasantwilltasting.help youA

you, d'you suppose, get something few drops on the tongue relieves craving AT starts clearing the system and of accumONCE poisons. tobacco Prescribed nice in a Christmas wreath for the A BOOK ulated by physicians.

a Priced at the cost of less than few weeks'stores guarantee. drug window? Looks a little bare withMAKES AM IDEAL smoking. At Moneyback

out it at this time of the year, orHelena,write Calif.to NIcoStop Sales Co., Box 193, St.

don't think?"you

"It does indeed, sir. Might I NICOSTOP

.suggest also, that if Mr. Claybaugh

desires, a small tree and ornaments could be procured—ZfON'S BOOKSTORE FOR YOUR

it, Keyes. a tree. Get us Do 4-3465 So. HOIIDAYFUN Phone 65 E. 2nd. yetWe'll of this a Christmas make >t-WAVS POPS City. Salt Utah Lake JO|,|Y/—and I wouldn't be surprised if we {Concluded on ioUowing page) tjNE

.DECEMBER 1949 869

CHRISTMAS C.O.D.

(Concluded from preceding page) Mr. Claybaugh sipped apprehave a few visitors up to see it ciatively of the ginger tea, then

that go on giving during the hoHdays."unconcernedly smiled.

"Very good, sir. I'll make all

I didn't get them, These distinctive records will be arrangements. Pardon, sir, but your "No—no,

treasured in every home ginger tea is getting cold. And may Keyes"he said. "But, d'you know,

I ask, were you able to get the I don't believe I will be needing "THE KING OF GLORY"dyspepsia tablets?"any more pink pills."

JESSIE EVANS SMITH

and the TABERNACLE CHOIR THE ARCHIVES OF HOllAND "BEHOLD, 'TIS EVENTIDE"( Continued from page 811) after volume in unending sequence (Solo only) written response from Mr. Grashas passed beneath the retentive

A magnificent 12"record $1.31 winkel was heartwarming. It read: eye of that camera. On August 4,

The Hague, Holland 1948, I was able to record in my "MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS"10 October 1946 journal:

in for children cleverly dramatized songs Nineteen letter of to your In reply 23 September $3.95 After a full, busy day. a preThis was album eyecatching—an

that inform I herewith 1946 you discussion I have no liminary President with Zappey, to of Gouda. There the town

building, archives formerly in a "JOSEPH SMITH'S OWN STORY"objectionthe conditionswhatevermentionedto permitin youryou, letter,under inwethedrovetown

A narrative reading of the origin and building of to microfilm all the baptism, marriage, and a Catholic church, we met Brother Schipthe in registers are stored burials which McKinlay. A. Lynn Church the by in microfilming busily pers church engaged

records with album semiflex Three also the Archives, and $5.05 General Government I his for registers. device a found book

record dealer or direct from your From are to this Archive belonging which records

I satisfactory the cradle have most now in the custody of some of the as it will accommodate any size of book.seen,

RECORDING ARTS, INC. municipal archives. I asked for a blueprint of it. He works

efficiently rapidly and seems intensely and permission from the requested I have St., City 1, Utah Salt lake Temple 19 West South to the work. devoted to of Education, Arts and Sciences Minister sales tax customers add Utah

Add Postage for Mail Orders authorize me to ask for the cooperation We took him with us to the Rijksarchief of the Archivists in the provinces; and I at The Hague where we made an investigaanticipate within a short time a favorable tion of other records to copy there—wills,

decision from them. I hope to discuss with deeds, orphans, military, naval, and court

you in the near future the practical records—enough probably to keep one

procedure of microfilming these records. machine busy for ten years.

Archivist, The General an event of came Two days later M. GRASWINKEL DR. D. P. JHR. I wrote: Again consequence.

In transmitting this letter PresiAt the Rijksarchief we met Dr. Grasdent Zappey added. winkel by appointment and presented to

We are grateful to our Heavenly Father him the first two hundred rolls of film as that our efforts have been successful, as the copy for the Archives. He was highly

we realize that this means so much to the pleased and responded with the following people of Dutch descent who trace their statement which he read:

ancestry back to Holland. It will greatly "When your Society in the person of

simplify the research work. Mr. Zappey asked me, about one and a

half years ago, if it would be possible to

In August 1947 I had the privimake microfilms of the socalled baptism, registers, burial are which and lege, in company with these same marriage,

I did Archives, State General now in the able representatives of our Church, not hesitate long to give you my consent.

of meeting Dr. Graswinkel and re- I considered the importance of this plan

ceiving a renewal of this official so great, that I informed His Excellency, permission. By now he had obtained the Minister of Education, and asked his

of the assistance obtain to permission my consent from all the eleven provProvinces. the in These were colleagues

inces. Practical details were worked willing, every one, regarding his Province,

out for the commencement of to ask the assistance of the communal the microfilming at The Hague. archivists; and it seems to me that the

This began on December 1, with practical results are quite according to

greatest of the "It is for society your to copy a completeIN USE for OVER FIFTY VEm presidentBrother Rinzeand a Schippers,professionala photogbranch plans.importance have

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple rapher, operating the newly imthe registers; the negative and a positiveof

sore throat and other minor mouth ported Model E. Recordak camera. film copy will be stored in Great Salt Lake

and throat irritations. In a short time he had perfected a City. It is clear that this is of interest to

book holder which simplified and theEuropeNetherlands;and disasterin overtakingcase of calamitythe originalin

speeded up the operation. registers, there will always be a copy in HALL'SSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah

In the months since then volume Utah.

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "\ our Society has even gone turtiier and offered us a positive film, to keep in the Netherlands, for which offer we are very grateful indeed. At this acceptance

of the first two hundred rolls of films, which takes place today, I can give you the assurance that we will put great honor to your gift. We intend to keep the films

in another place from where the original records aie kept, in order to have the greatest possible security.

"I will conclude with the hope that you will accomplish this work to your greatest satisfaction. Once more I thank you cordially for your welcome present."SO EASY TO

fine, for his thanked him warmly We LONG HAS HOW helpful cooperation, told of our and him 4 j>> CLEAN for plans there. operations expanding Later

the assistant showed us through the great,

IT BEEN? modcrq,, fireproof library.

By that date over 600,000 pages had been copied. Soon a second

Yes, how long has it been since you operator was employed, Brother Aoee insurance reviewed your to find out to or Johann Schippers, a brother of the c*'*to*W rebuild if you have enough

in first. Each week a thrilHng loss? replace case of your local Ask report is 9 **

to analyze today KOLOB AGENT o',o*e your received, steady progress. showing

coverage to see if you have enough It is with supreme satisfaction that protection to today's increased meet values. I scan these reports from the beginning to the present.

The last report received from ADDADD COLORBEAUTY

Holland on May 19 shows that ADD UTILITY in the week ending April 30 the of the operators one machine two A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY

Salisbury, Frank Mgr. ALDER'SSo. Main SALT LAKE of vital 1343 75,672 pages photographed BIdg. Judge 330 Salt Lake City Phone 7-1531

records, surpassing all previous records. Frequently before, they had

totaled 50,000 and 40,000, 60,000 THE ALEXANDRIA fiveday week. in a pages each SAVE UP TO 50% ON

At present a total of 2800 HOTEL BUTLER(StelAluminumBUILDINGSor Galvanized) rolls of film of one hundred feet in 5th & Spring Sts.

length or fiftythree miles of film for LOS ANGELES, CALIF.

the negative alone have been used. Announces the appointment of

H. BECKETT RAY

Associate As two positive copies are printed as Manager for each roll of negative (one for the (iormerly Resident Mgr. of

AS GYM OR RECREATION HALL archives in the Netherlands and Lankershim Hotel).Industry,.. and Commercefor every orotherAgriculture.building Variableneed in the other for use by the public in YOUR HOST ON THE

sizes and plans. For Details... our own library) a total of 159 COAST

WRITE—WIRE—PHONE miles of film in all have been used MEET YOUR L.D.S. PARAMOUNT SALES CORP. for the project in Holland.

St., Richards Salt 860 4-8165 Lake Phone FRIENDS HERE rolls film P. 0. negative have Salt Box Uttfh 2015, These Lake City, BATH 500 ROOMS WITH

P. O. Box IHighland 121, Station, Denver, to the hundreds shipped Colo. been by

P. 0. Box 1184, Cheyenne, Wyoming

availalready are Utah, and many able to the public upon our shelves at the Genealogical Society. Five PROFITABLE DAYS

THANK YOU!",,,p3e to hundred more rolls are now ready AHEAD FOR

LEMONVIVA Tremendous REDUCED HOW for shipment. And the copying goes

IN PRICE, 12oz. Con equal to 20DOZ. LEMONS, only 98c 6 cans $5.25 postpaid in steadily on. 0UI5H

final satisfaction as comes The—Missionaries—NOTE GRADUATES Delicious to Treat A of see descent patrons Dutch we Capitalize on QUISH in have the Mission

training You'll now! a be Field. at daily the reading machines seated competent beautician when

to remittance Send graduated. proQUISH in library, enlarged the studying

vides with you technical knowledge and gained original of the reproductions recENROLL SPECIALTIES in 25 SEND FOR with joy therein ords, NOW FREEskill and finding TODAY! years.CATALOG

CO. SALES 547 West the records of their own kindred. SCHOOL OF So 8fh

Salt Lake City, Utah Across the ocean the archives of BERUTV33t SOUTHCULTUREMAIN 5-7823 Phone

Holland have come to them!DECEMBER IO4'; m S71

0Wt i mm

Sunderland Co., Durham, England

Editors: Dear L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES OF if possible, the series copies of to obtain, of ADDRESSES my desire IT is Calif. 24th 1104 24th St., Cor. & "C,"San Diego, in articles entitled Ancient For Times""Baptism the Dead

by Hugh Nibley, Ph.D., which appeared in the following is615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

sues of The Improvement Era: December, 1948; January, 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

1949; February, 1949; March, 1949; April, 1949. Because of

the dearth of material on this important subject, I have in to of articles misinestimable be these worth found my

California Angeles, Los labors. sionary

Editor: I find very and Improvement companion Era The My to illustration for for thank the lovely WISH you poem my in thing helpful instructive our only work. wrong The and I It is issue. in "Rail pleasure the a Fences"always August nevertheus, but only between about one have copy is we

I in to yours, as a appear worthwhile such magazine and its utilize greatest to extent. less the contents weit

it. reading enjoyed this in for cooperation kindly very your Thanking you

matter, I remain, Sincerely yours,

Sincerely your brother. Alice Josephine Wyatt

Elder Victor E. Gilbert

Mill Valley, California THE LIGHT TOUCH

Dear Editors:

Era. like of issue the October T certainly The Improvement laugh—at issue I've I've appreciated every Actually enjoyed and yourself."—Ethel"You grow up Barrymore.the day you have your first real subscripsince years of received the past couple during my

tion began.

"Without Benefit of Insulin 'is one of the most stirring The office manager frowned at the elderly clerk and said;

efficiency you're afraid our ignoring system."I've read. things Can't ever have more features like it, "I'm we

I clerk, "but the am,"admitted somebody has to "Maybe straight the the heart of pioneers? from

I'm writing today to ask you to send my parents a subget the work done."

scription for the coming year. Please begin with this October

number. I don't want them to miss it. "Crop failures?"asked the oldtimer.

/s/ Mrs. Robert D. Goff "Yes, I've seen a few in my day. In 1898 the corn crop was

almost nothing. We cooked some for dinner, and my father

ate fourteen acres of corn at one meal!"

Liverpool, England Philosophizing t reetings from faraway England, where we find the Era more valuable to us than ever in our missionary work. Philosopher: "It is hard, indeed, to lose all one's relatives."

the hospitals copies in here. placed have some We We also Financier: "Hard? It is impossible!"

in tracting use the contacts with our advanced Era good results.

Elizabeth Souter and Florence Baird No Wonder

Customer at garage: "I've been watching that mechanic

for fully fifteen minutes, and there's a man who knows his business! "He didn't spill a drop of oil; he put the hood down

gently, fastened it securely, left no fingerprints on the car.

He wiped his hands before opening the door, spread clean cloth on the upholstery, meshed the gears noiselessly, and drove away carefully."

Bystander: "Yeah, that's his own car."

CROWNING ACHJEVEMENT

The crowning achievement of Leona Potter's many active years in

Church work was her election as West Pocatello stake queen of the

Gold and Green bail. Leona has a very outstanding record. She was the

only girl in the stake who hadn't missed a day in the eight yeors she was in Primary, and all her books were completed. She lost one day

in her three years of Bee Hive work because of illness. She was an Honor

Bee, and was president of Bee Hive two different years; was president

of her Junior class and had perfect attendance for two years.

She received her awards in L. D. S. Girls for three consecutive

years.

At the present time she is vicepresident of her Gleaner class and her aims are to be a Golden Gleaner, fill a mission, and someday to become a mother in Zion.

Through her efforts and outstanding work she undoubtedly helped her father to see the light of the gospel. He joined the Church, and

Leona, with her sister and two brothers, father and mother, went to

Salt Lake City and were sealed for time and all eternity. She is the

daughter of Lawrence and Zenneth Potter.

Clara Jean Redford, Gleaner president, and Donetta Hutcheson, vicepresident, were the queen's attendants, and both girls had outstanding records in their stake.

Dick Welch, who had the honor of crowning the queen, is on M

Man.

872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.

LIFE MORE ABUNDANT, now and forever, is the universal mesvjjw**'sage of the Christmas season..

a wish which we extend to our friends and to men and women of good will everywhere.

?*.*#* a

/;ao'<f>

immmwmm #A George Albert Smith, Pres. Salt Ldke City. Utah