IMPROVEMENT

AUGUST 1952

PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNG

EASTMAN HAWKEYE CAMERA Inexpensive, flash camera equipped with oversized, magnifying viewfinder. Fixed lens and time exposure

adjustment. Uses 620 films for black

and white or Kodacolor pictures.

#7.20 Flash attachment #3.39

BELL & HOWELL REGENT PROJECTOR 500 watt, 8 mm projector with special shutter control that eliminates nicker.

Takes up to 400 ft. reels of regular

or color film at one time. Forced air

cooling protects film. $179.95

KODAK PONY 135 Inexpensive 35 mm camera. Takes

20 or 36 pictures. Flash synchronized 4- speed shutter for pictures

indoors or at night. Coated 51 mm

f/4.5 Kodak Anaston lens. #36.75

D. BELL & HOWELL SPORTSTER

CAMERA Easy operating, easy loading 8 mm movie camera. Lens always in focus

... just aim and shoot. Positive governor controlled start and stop for

even exposures on every frame.

Handsome design. #89.95

EASTMAN TOURIST II Inexpensive, folding camera with improved optical eyelevel viewfinder.

Flash Kodon shutter has snapshot

Time and Bulb settings. #26.25

F. CIROFLEX MODEL D

Most popular twinlens reflex. "Brite

Field"lens assures brighter image, easier focusing. Flash synchronized

shutter. Coated 85 mm f./3.5 Wollensak Velostigmat lens. #87.90

ARGUS 35mm camera with accurate splitimage range finder coupled with the lens. Built in flash synchronization.

Coated 50mm f/3.5 Cintar lens.

With Case and Flashgun #69.50

Camera Department—Main Floor

What's new in Cookies?

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

isThe most popular ice cream flavor vanilla, 45 percent of the total.

Chocolate and strawberry are next in popularity. Today 536 billion gallons

of ice cream are consumed in a year.

A foundstudy thatof tooththere weredecayfewerin Oregoncavities in central Oregon where the altitude is higher and where there are more hours of sunshine.

The average life of a United States cookies or dollar bill is only eight months.

new seedless variety of watermelon moTe in every box!A has been developed.

Seals have to learn to swim. The seal

pups or babies are afraid of water DELICIOUS!and have to be forced into the water

... cinnaby their mothers but when they get Crunchyin the water they learn how to swim monflavored. Loaded COLORFUL!

rapidly. with k '?'y ECONOMICAL! bultduuncr aiiu ireMifrr/r;"eggs.y i orecj co cinnamon sT

red, 50 cookies yellow, treatment has been developed candies—Anew every green, white, purple. for dandruff. LaboraAbbott box—or Snookiesmore in The

tories have a selenium sulfide product, cost only about 10c a called "Selsun,"available on prescripdozen!

tion which controls 95 percent of common dandruff and 87 percent of seborrheic dermatitis cases tested. But

when the treatment stops dandruff eventually comes back.

rpo remove carved initials and stains * it will no longer be necessary to refinish school desk tops every few years.

A new plastic surface Textolite 10580 has been developed by General Electric which has a carve and picture resistant surface whose green color is resistant to oils, inks, and paints.

TpvuRiNG the early part of the Yi dy-

L nasty in Korea movable metal type was invented 50 years before Gutenberg did in Germany. In 1592 there Try Snookies—

began a 7 years war with an invasion of Korea by Japan. The Japanese rePurity's newest cookiestreat largely a result of was the naval

victories of Admiral Yi Sunsin who invented an ironclad turtle ship. next time you shop

qear cubs are born during the winter *-* while the mother is in hibernation. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY

Young porcupines are born with their SALT LAKE POCATELLO PHOENIX quills on.

AUGUST 1952 553 THE EUROPEAN DEFENSE COMMUNITY

S\n May 26 a peace "contract"was By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

signed in the Bundesratsaal, at Head of Political Science Department, of Utah HAVE ChancellorBonn, Germany,of theby WestKonradGermanAdenauer,ReUniversity public, and by the foreign ministers of

SSass*** the United States of America, France, followed with the North Atlantic Treaty and Great Britain. Styled a "Conven-—military cooperation. Now we have

tion of Relations between the Three detached West Germany from its status

Powers and the Federal Republic of as an occupied enemy, and readmitted

Germany"the Soviet Union denounced it to restricted membership in the family the arrangement as "a flagrant violaof western powers. This means, for

tion"of the Potsdam agreement of 1945. one thing, that American foreign policy

Next day, May 27, in Paris, the four is based on the proposition that former powers were joined by Italy, Belgium, enemies can mix and unite—French,

Holland, and Luxembourg in signing British, Germans, Italians, Beneluxese the "Treaty Establishing the European whereas West and East Germans canDefense Community."The latter, if not; the principal reason being the

.and when ratified by the parliaments Soviet Union.

concerned, and implemented, will bring Whether oil and water will mix better 400,000 Germans into a unified Eurothan oil (West Germans) and oil (East pean army of 43 divisions, 6,000 planes, Germans) when separated by. Soviet

il and a naval arm. occupation, remains to be seen.

.-.>:.;.::&U6H;:::::.;:v ingThethe"TreatyEuropeanEstablishDe- June,By reportsthe beginningwere comof

fense Community"coning through that the tains 131 articles and 15 Soviets were clearing a

Now in book form... one of the annexes. The United noman's land zone of

most interesting series ever to run States and Great Britain three miles'width (some in the Improvement Era. Here's an support the European Desaid twenty at places)

inspiring insight lives into the of the of all fense inhabitants, beCommunity (EDC)

Asiatic peoples their before westward the of tween but are not members West and East migrations It to America. covers an

area in history that is brilliantly preit. However, the conGerman boundaries. The

sented for the first time... selected nection is there, all the reaction of the Germans

as one of the three proposed texts for same, by means of the North Atlantic was capable of being visualized by June the 195253 M.I.A. Special Interest

Class. Treaty Organization (NATO). The 23 when Jakob Kaiser, minister for allNATO countries are bound to protect German affairs in Adenauer's (West

the EDC countries. France, Italy, and German) cabinet, urged a conference Temple Record Binder countries belong to both between the the Benelux western powers Russia and

This durable, attractive leatherette the unification beon Germany West all Germany. of and EDC. The Temple Record Binder makes it easy NATO

to keep your family record... makes longs to EDC but not to NATO. What western world was shocked, in view

you want to keep it constantly up is it all about? of the treaty signing of a few days,

to date. Accommodates cabinet, the French when hours a few "readmission"of West First: The genealogical forms. NOWallavailablepresent before Kaiser's appeal, Herr raised a (if with three to the family of nations gold - emGermany

similar bossed question. temples: partneris predicated on her

Lake, Mesa and Idaho the asOf this, and is based on we may feel fairly certain: Falls. Salt *JCt *% (%QV ratified!)ship in EDC

sumption that France and Germany can that Germans on both sides of the unite, militarily (through EDC) and eastwest frontier will hardly rest con- "Our Temple Marriage"economically (Schuman Plan for joint tent until their land is unified, or, alterBridal Book production of coal and iron). Further, natively, reunited as a unit within some

Every bride wants this beautifully it is assumed that political cooperation, larger, happier, element than the tracovered white leatherette Bridal based on this militaryeconomic union, ditional nationstate. Let no one be Book. It's specially designed for

if West L. D. S. Temple Mar-—may one day blossom into political surprised, a decade from now,

riages... complete in $ t&.50 union, forming the core of a United and East Germany are reunited and

every detail. feiP States of Europe. The EDC treaty in found to be in accord with eastern

NOW BACK IN PRINT! effectCongresssays ofthat87 a membersresponsible(WestEuropeanGerSovietprised, aauspices.decade fromLet now,no oneif Westbe surand

AMERICA BEFORE mans, French, Italians, Belgians, Dutch, East Germany are reunited and found

COLUMBUS Luxembourgers) from the six nations, to be in accord with western, EDCby Dewey Farnsworth $5.00 shall evolve into an instrumentality for NATO-U.S. auspices. Either event is

a United States of Europe. Machinery likely to be accompanied by violence;

Patronize your local bookdealer is set up towards this end. and let no one be surprised at that.

Second: It means another step in the Violence is the historic and traditional

development of American foreign policy. means of stateconstruction, as well as

1948, fact act statedestruction. In (Marshall Plan) This is the hard the ECA Bookcraft

of Congress stated to change. the policy of of the Most modern man seeks 1186 South Main

Salt Lake City, Utah United States to be that of promoting us may be happily surprised if the economic union in Europe. In 1949 we (Concluded on page 593)

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

The man with IV2, horses

Sometime soon, when your men's club is looking for a Today almost 90% of America's industrial output is suplive topic, try this: plied by electric motors. The American workman has

"For every 100 people in the world, only 6 are inside the about lY-2 horsepower at his finger tips—the power of 165

borders of the U.S.A.; yet we produce 40% of the world's big men. He is aided by 7 times more electric power

goods."Question: How can this be done? than his Russian counterpart.

Obviously the answer is not in numbers of people. At a West Coast steel mill, for instance, 4 motors can

For there are many more people in Asia, for instance. do a job equal to the manpower of 38 army divisions. In

Half the Asiatics work on farms. Yet most of the populaButte, Montana, a single motor lifts 12 tons of copper ore

tion is undernourished. at nearly 30 miles per hour.

Here in America only 1 in 10 workers is on a farm. And at Grand Coulee Dam the largest motors in the

Yet most of us have all we need to eat. Why does our world—65,000 horsepower each—can pump enough

manpower go so far? water to supply a city the size of New York!

Because a little gasoline plows the furrow, a bit of elecMotors put muscles in industry—but they work faithtricity milks the cow. Mechanization and electrification fully for us at home, too. Someday count up the number

multiply our manpower many times over. of electric motors in your home. The average American

Experts call this productivity, and it's what earns the home today has 6 motors, doing work that our grand-

U.S.A. her toprung position. parents did by hand.

Where does this productivity come from? Someone In the last two generations General Electric scientists

asked Dr. Charles Steinmetz, G.E.'s electrical wizard, this and engineers have done many things to change the world

question shortly after World War I, and he answered: we live in. No one can explain America's gigantic pro-

"One horsepower equals the muscle work of about duction records without mentioning "electrification."

22 men—big men. There are machines coming out of Motors are a giant cause of our production gains. But so

General Electric today which can do more work than are electric transportation, electric lighting, new methods the entire slave population of this country at the time of generating electricity, new electrical efficiency in homes.

of the Civil War."Call it what you will—private enterprise, the competiAnd things have moved along fast since Dr. Steinmetz'tive economic system, or the American way—the. results

day, too. are impressive.

oa am tot/yeu co?z/6b!ence i?i

GENERAL ELECTRIC

AUGUST 1952 555 \Jfflclal \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF "THETRSTVOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Jke Lkufcn of

/Jems L-hridt

of <=>Lattefaai4 JDainti n*> rW VOLUME 55 NUMBER 8 tuauit 1952

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD

Editors: Contributing ARCHIBALD L-cover

S. HARRIS, FRANKLIN JR. - HUGHF. BENNETTNIBLEY - - G. LEEHOMERA. PALMERDURHAM H,he

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT This month we present to the Church

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR this fourcolor portrait of President Levi

Edgar Young, Senior President of the First

Council of the Seventy. President Young

was sustained as a member of the First

Council October 6, 1909, and set apart

January 23, 1910, in New York City where

The Editor's Page he was attending school. (See also page

570ff.) Honor, Honesty, Integrity - President David O. McKay 565

Church Features

EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Building Faith for the Future A* Walter Stevenson 558 50 North Main Street

Evidences and Reconciliations: CLXVIII—May God's Word Be Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Interpreted? John A. Widtsoe 566 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Clark, Two J, Reuben Jr. 568 Salt Lake City 1, Utah of the Seventy Levi Edgar Years inYoung—Presidentthe Service Can ofBe theProfitableFirst Council

Inc., Funds, 1952 a CorporaCopyright by Mutual

Men's of the Young Mutual Improvement Conversion of a Norwegian Sea Captain—GenealogyG. Homer Durham 570 tion

All Saints. rights reserved. Latterday Subforeign price, $2.50 Melchizedek—King of Salem—Conclusion JamesCharlesYoungE,McGregorHaggerty 582576 scriptionAssociation of the Church of Jesus Christ of in advance; a year,

Priesthood Appointees 557 Melchizedek Y.M.M.I.A. 595 subscriptions,single copy. $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Presiding Bishopric's 560 Page -596 Church Moves The On

June Conference In Picture 562 asEnteredsecondclassat the Postmatter.Office,AcceptanceSalt Lake forCity,mailingUtah,

at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Special Features The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

"... Be Thou An Example of the Believers. "Emily H. Bennett 574 Allpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn. by sufficient

The Story of Federal Irrigation John A. Widtsoe 578

Graduation Messages to the Youth of the Church 580 Change of Address

Square The Spoken Word from Temple

Richard L. Evans 567, 588, 592, 594, 600 dress.Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adissue of from address slip a recent the magazine.

unless be cannot changes the old made Exploring the Universe, Franklin fense Community—G. Homer Address

S. Harris Jr --553 Durham...554 address as well as the new one is included.

These Times, The European DeOn the Bookrack 584

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Good Flower Arrangement, Should I Discuss Personal SituaYou Can Do It!—Louise tions With My Parents? EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Price Bell 604 Rex A. Skidmore 607 Russ Building

Color in the Kitchen, A. D. Let's Eat Outdoors 608 San Francisco, California

MacEwen 605 Your Page and Ours.616 HENRY G. ESCHEN,

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

Los Angeles 17, California ies, Poetry SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

New York 17, N. Y.

Blessed Are They Amy Hillyard Jensen 577 DAVIS & SONS

St. N. LaSalle Frontispiece, June Conference in

Illinois Chicago, Picture 562 PoetryMy Lessons,Page Enola Chamberlin....594564 30

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Two Appointed

To Y.M.M.I.A. General Board

Elders Hoyt W. Brewster and W.

Floyd Millett have been called to the general board of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Association.

Elder Brewster, who filled a mission to the Netherlands from 1929 to 1932, where he was mission supervisor for both the M.I.A. and the

Sunday School, is the son of Ben S.

and Myrtle Hayes Brewster. At this

call to the general board he had HOLLOWGROUND

FLEXIBLE 9"served as stake M.I.A. superintendent SAWTOOTH EDGE

of the Bonneville (Salt Lake City) for slicing bread,

Stake M.I.A. for the past eight years. cake, cold meat.

He is a former member of the bishopric of the Yale Ward. HOLLOWGROUND PLUS labels IN COIN

Elder Brewster is married to the FLEXIBLE 9"from any 2 cans of former Naomi Smith. They are the STRAIGHTfor easy slicingEDGE WHITE STAR BRAND TUNA

parents of four daughters and two hot roast and fowl.sons. He is assigned to the M Men

committee of the general board.

GLEAMING NONTARNISH NONRUST BLADE OF TEMPERED STAINLESS STEEL

SATISFACTION WHAT A BUY! You save of

GUARANTEED least $1.75 on the retail value!

OR TwO BIG "EXCLUSIVES"FOR YOU!

MONEY BACK Yes, the Slicer is exclusive. - can't be bought

in any store. yet offered to you at way below

GENUINE what the retail price would be! And the offer is

biggestselling Nation's the to you by made Hoyt W. Brewster W. Floyd Millett ROSEWOOD

...the packed exclutuna brand bestloved HANDLE and

sively from tender, lightmeat tuna filets... at

Elder Millett, former coach at Brigno extra cost to you!

panned by VAN CAMP SEA FOOD COMPANY, Inc.

Island, California Terminalham Young University, at this ap- A VAN CAMP SEAMainFOODOffice:

pointment to the general board, was DONT DELAY) OFFER LIMITED BY SUPPLY ON HAND;

activity assistant superintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A. in the South Edgeet/PmfM4/1 Mrs cotpo*WO//?!

hill Ward in Salt Lake City. PreviousOrder several at this low price!

ly he had served as activity assistant We pay the postage I Offer limited by supply on hand and superintendent in the Davis (Utah) may be withdrawn without prior notice.

Chicken The Sea OfStake, and Junior M Men supervisor Englishtown, New Jersey BOX 41, in the Hillside (Salt Lake City) Stake. Please send me Hot'n Cold Slicer(s).

He was graduated from Gila Junior For each slicer I enclose 504 IN COIN plus the labels from 2

College (Arizona) in 1931, and from cans of White Star Brand Tuna.

Brigham Young University in 1934. (PLEASE PRINT CLEARLY AND ALLOW TWO WEEKS FOR DELIVERY.)

He holds a master's degree from the

University of Southern California.

Elder Millett was the first coach to Address direct the M Men basketball clinic Offer good only in the U S. and its territorial possessions and is void if this form of merchandising

in 1948. He was also a member of is taxed, licensed or prohibited in your city, county or slate. Cash value of coupon 1/10

(Continued on page 612) AUGUST 1952 557 FOR perfect, low cost BUILDING FAITH FOR THE FUTURE*

PUBLIC SEATING chorus of eighteen hundred by A. Walter Stevenson

of the many worthNEW Therepresentsyoung voicesone performing tonight

AllMetal whileChurch activitiesof Jesus Christprovidedof Latterdayby the havevelop clean,into wellbalancedwholesome funindividuals.and deglory for its of God "The Saints young people. Our motto is, When

is intelligence."93:36.) (D. Pioneers Our were crossing &C. Samson the Mormon

spirits were lagenrolment is about 105,000 young Folding Chairs the plains and their ging and their hearts were breaking, men and 111,000 young women.

President Brigham Young realized the During the past five days on importance of recreation in their lives. Temple Square we have conducted

He had them singing as they trudged our fiftythird annual conference of along, and at night around the campthose who serve as officers and fire they danced and played. teachers in the M.I.A. Fifteen thouFrom such a beginning has grown sand of them have come from all

the great recreation program of the parts of the United States and from

Church. On November 28, 1869 Canada and Mexico and from farPresident Brigham Young organized off Hawaii. Here they have received

the young women of the Church counsel from the General Authoriand on June 10, 1875 the young men, ties of the Church and training from into Mutual Improvement Associathe men and women who constitute tions. He told them the purpose of the the M.I.A. general boards.

organizations was to build testimonies, On Thursday evening the annual to develop in youth the gifts within drama festival was presented to two them, and to teach them to apply the packed houses in Kingsbury Hall on

Similar to principles of the "science of life."the University of Utah campus. This

model shown These objectives have since guided was the climax of a program carried above the work of these great Church youth on throughout the Church during the organizations. past year in which nearly 3800 plays

*Aho available with spring cushion or wood The Church of Jesus Christ of Latwere produced and in which over seat.

terday Saints teaches eternal pro28,000 young men and women parIdeal for ticipated. "as God may is, man gression—that Churches Schools similar held speech festival was for striving perare A become."We Halls Meeting Lodges

estievening. Friday can on religion, therefore, fection, our and Who seathall public or where any

ing comfort is essential. encompasses all things which will mate the vast amount of good afdevelop one physically, mentally, forded the youth of the Church by

"it Larger, more comfortable seat morally, and spiritually. these opportunities for training and

w Strong enough to stand on The aims of the Mutual Improveexpression?

"k Safety seat hinge can't cut fingers ment Association, are to teach the Friday morning and afternoon, w Noiseless folding action compact, young people of the Church that God general sessions for all workers were easily stored lives, that Jesus is the Christ, that the held in this historic Tabernacle on k decorator colors Six smart k Will not tip or fold when open gospel of the Master is true, and that Temple Square where the general ft Electrically welded steel tube legs by living it they may be saved in the M.I.A. officers gave talks and presenChip proof, nonchalking enamel fincelestial kingdom of God. tations reflecting the highlights in

ish on all metal parts They are taught to keep their bodthe program for the coming year.

w Specially arched tubular steel cross ies clean; to avoid the use of tobacco, Talks were also given by three of

rigidity for extra braces liquor, narcotics, or stimulants; to be the General Authorities.

Electrically steel tube seat welded W

Frame—no screws used throughout found in holy places; to observe the Friday evening the AllChurch re-

w Steel furniture glides with replaceSabbath as a day of worship and lay races were held in the University rubber feet able newtype is of event an which Utah stadium, reverence should day when cushioncomfort Padded, spring seat rest—a X in year. increasing popularity each to hearts; protect the be in their good

formfitting, Concave, upholstered w is all the in nothing world There to of gossip; to others; avoid name rest back

Tt All metal parts rustproofed by "bonteach by their lives and words the quite like the mammoth dance festival derizing process"supreme importance of modesty, purwhich was held in the stadium folity, and chastity. lowing the relays. There was a

The M.I.A. program is one of accapacity crowd of 35,000, and 15,000

tivity which promotes spiritual growth were turned away. There were 6000 ZCMI and OFFICE and provides opportunities for servdancers, 275 of whom were Boy SCHOOL

in Scouts uniform. and Bee Hive girls ice. participate people Young who SUPPL this dance thing about The marvelous

delivered 57 SO. STATE First AsStevenson, ST. SALT LAKE CITY by A. Walter *A talk

Phone 3-1575—Ext. 442 sistantthe SundayGeneraleveningSuperintendentradio serviceof theof Y.M.M.I.A.,the Church onof festival is that the instruction is not

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints June 15, 1952. {Continued on page 561)

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nspired

education-*

Whether it be religion classes in the beautiful Joseph Smith Building, recreation in the west's most modern fieldhouse, hours of toil and testing in the new twomillion-dollar science building, or painting the big block Y on the mountain, your education is wellbalanced with spirituality atB. Y. U.

YOUR CHURCH UNIVERSITY is adding engineering science and nursing courses to its growing curriculum; it is also adding nationallyprominent

educators to its faculty; and it is yearly adding spacious new educational and housing buildings to its

scenic campus—all this to keep pace with the spiraling enrollment. Your future will be wellplanned,

and your education wellrounded if you register NOW at YOUR CHURCH UNIVERSITY. Write the

registrar for a catalog.

:P"B jy| -in nyr JHP U U

PROVO "Your Church University"UTAH

AUGUST 1952 559 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

upon Elder Merlo J. Pusey, Pulitzer It was announced that construction

May 1952 prize winner for a biography on Supreme has been authorized for an institute of

Court Justice Charles Evans Hughes, religion at Edmonton, near the campus 9 KWahiawa Ward, Oahu (Hawaii) the honorary degree of doctor of letters. of the University of Alberta.

Stake, created from the Wahiawa

Branch, with Elder Adam Forsythe The First Presidency announced j o PreJune conference events insustained as bishop. the appointment of Elder A. -* eluded the Young Women's sports

Elder Henry D. Moyle of the CounHamer Reiser, first assistant general institute* held at Jordan Park.

cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel superintendent of the Deseret Sunday The M. I. A. drama festival was held

of the Wahiawa Ward, Oahu Stake. School Union, as president of the at Kingsbury hall on the University of

Elder Henry D. Moyle of the CounBritish Mission. He succeeds Elder Utah campus.

cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel Stayner Richards, Assistant to the CounIt was announced that the address of of the Hauula Branch, Hawaii Miscil of the Twelve. President Reiser the French Mission has been changed to

sion. is a former manager of the Deseret 3 rue de Lota, Paris 16, France.

Book Store. Last year he entered the

David O. McKay President O Q enautomobile business at Buhl, Idaho. |-* Q ofThethefiftythirdYoung Men'sannual andconferenceYoung "City, where for "trained New York

he will take a plane to Europe to trans- \ President David O. McKay dediWomen's Mutual Improvement Associaact some Church business. cated the chapel of the Edinburgh tions began. The day was largely de-

(Scotland) Branch, British Mission. voted to general sessions.

It was announced that Elder Jay W. The M. I. A. speech festival was held

June 1952 DeGraff will assume the responsibilities in Kingsbury Hall on the University of coordinating secretary of the Young of Utah campus.

1 President David O. McKay deMen's Mutual Improvement AssociaThe annual allChurch M.I. A. Relays

parted from New York by Scandition, beginning August 1. were held in the University of Utah Stanavian airliner for a sixweek tour of dium with Temple View (Salt Lake City)

Europe. He was accompanied by Mrs. 7 Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to Stake winning the four hundred yard

McKay, and their son and daughterthe Council of the Twelve, dedishuttle, followed by North Davis (Utah) inlaw, Elder and Mrs. David Lawrence cated the chapel of the Kanosh Ward, Stake, and Kolob (Utah) Stake. Mesa

McKay. Millard (Utah) Stake. (Arizona) Stake won the four hundred

Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the CounStake Relief Society organizations of forty yard relay around the track, with

cil of the Twelve dedicated the Banthe seven stakes in the Logan, Utah, Temple View Stake, and Wells (Salt nock Stake bishops'storehouse at Grace, area have presented ninetyone copies Lake City) Stake, following.

Idaho. of the Book of Mormon to the Logan One hundred fortyone stakes particiElder LeGrand Richards of the Coun- L. D. S. hospital it was announced. pated in the mammoth dance festival

cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel held in the University of Utah stadium.

of the Port Orchard Branch, Seattle President Stephen L Richards of Thirtyfive thousand spectators wit- (Washington) Stake. the First Presidency dedicated the nessed the event; fifteen thousand more

Elder Alma Sonne, assistant to the chapel of the Shelley Third Ward, were turned away for lack of accommoCouncil of the Twelve, dedicated the Shelley (Idaho) Stake. dations.

chapel of the Irvington Ward, Portland President Joseph Fielding Smith of It was reported from Scheveningen, (Oregon) Stake. the Council of the Twelve dedicated the The Netherlands, that President David

President Milton R. Hunter of the chapel of the Delta First Ward, Deseret O. McKay had declined taking a cup

First Council of the Seventy dedicated (Utah) Stake. of tea with Queen Juliana, and in so

the chapel of the Marysville Ward, Bishop Carl W. Buehner of the Predoing had an opportunity of explaining

Yellowstone (Idaho) Stake. siding Bishopric dedicated the chapel the Church's stand on the Word of

The Sunday evening programs in of the Black Canyon Branch, Nampa Wisdom.

most wards and branches were devoted (Idaho) Stake.

to Sunday School work, with stimulatRexburg Fifth Ward, Rexburg (Idaho) The day's sessions of the June ing spirituality through attendance at Stake, created from portions of Rexburg conference of the M. I. A. were

that organization, the central theme. Second Ward, with Elder Joseph F. Sellargely devoted to departmental meetElder Ezra Taft Benson of the Counlers sustained as bishop. Bishop Albert ings.

cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel A. Pieper was resustained in the RexSix important changes were announced

of the Queen Creek Ward, Mesa (Ariburg Second Ward. in the girls'program: (1) Beginning

zona) Stake. Sacrament meeting in many of the June 1, 1952, there will be no makeup

wards and branches throughout the meetings allowed under the program;

2 President David O. McKay and Church were devoted to services com- (2) there will be no more group or

party arrived safely in Scotland, memorating the restoration of the Melclass awards, but only individual where he dedicated a chapel in Glaschizedek Priesthood. awards for attendance, tithepaying, and

gow. service; (3) the official M. I. A. year

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., re- Y. W. M. I. A. camp and sports inand the period of which awards will be

ceived an honorary doctor of laws destitute and Young Women's camp based will run from June 1 to May 31;

gree at the annual commencement exergames and crafts programs were held (4) attendance at meetings as required cises of Brigham Young University. as part of the preJune conference sesto earn an award will be figured on a

Brigham Young University conferred sions. {Concluded on page 603.)

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Buitding Faith for the Future

(Continued from page 558) given by only one teacher but by hundreds of teachers in different parts of the Church. The dancers carry

on their rehearsals miles apart, seeingone another for the first time in a simple single dress rehearsal the day before the review is presented. And the

dancers are all amateurs.

On Saturday morning and afternoon, departmental sessions were held meals where specialized instruction was given. EATUim SmB'KJST TUNA

On Saturday evening the music There's a wonderful new collection of StarKist Tuna recipes festival was held before a capacity waiting for you at your grocer's... NOW! Try them! Discover how

audience in the Tabernacle. Throughvery easy and economical it is to prepare hearty, nourishing meals

out the Church, during the past year,... meals rich in protein, vitamins and minerals... when you use

401 male choruses, 1116 ladies'StarKist Tuna..."America's Best in Flavor Tests!"

choruses, 812 mixed choruses, with 20,183 participants, sang.

Three hundred and seventythree ward dance festivals, 332 ward drama festivals, 463 ward music festivals, and 595 ward speech festivals, as well as many stake events, were held last year.

These are figures which may hold little interest for the listener, but may

I ask you to think of them in terms of the boy or girl whose ability for expression has grown, whose selfconfidence has strengthened, whose faith has increased as he or she sang and spoke and otherwise participated in these many activities.

In addition to these cultural arts, <&**** Hist Tuna..., a. erisp shreau

the M.I.A. sponsors an extensive athletic program. Our basketball league *jwffr Tome'v/edge*

is recognized as the largest in the teams,world, with 970 composed of --""ire last year. taking part 10,500 players

The thirtythree winning teams in the various districts, including one from Canada and one from Mexico, participated in the AllChurch tournament in the University of Utah fieldhouse last March.

We stress sportsmanship in these contests, and the sportsmanship trophy, awarded each year, is much sought after. It was interesting that

at the close of our last tournament, every motel operator where our teams had stayed, reported, without solicitation, that these teams were outstanding in their gentlemanly conduct.

Nearly every ward has a softball team and many of them also have junior teams for the boys and young men from twelve to eighteen. The AllFIRST-.AnerieaiBestChurch playoff for the senior league

is held in the late summer of each inRavorTests!

(Concluded on following page)AUGUST 1952 i 561

Your doctor will tell you Building Faith for the Future

(Concluded from preceding page) year. Other sports programs include

golf, tennis, volleyball, and relay races. THIS HOT CEREAL The young women have a fastgrowing sports program which provides both inside and outside games

and recreation.

Forty years ago next May theCONTAINS TOASTED Church became a sponsoring institution for the Boy Scout program. The

M.I. A. supervises scouting and exploring, and we have nearly eightyfive percent of our boys of Scout age WHEAT GERM enrolled. We have as many regisand its rich, nutlike flavor is delicious! tered Explorers in Salt Lake City as

there are in Chicago.

Most of the stakes have summer & Eat Wheat Hearts regularly each campsportunitywhereof spendingeach girla hasweektheunderopmorning. The whole family will like good supervision.

it and benefit by it. Wheat Hearts

the reading of good is enriched with 20% toasted wheat We recommend germ which not only gives it a full, books, and a selected list for each derich, wheaty flavor. but makes it 6 times richer in Thiapartment is published each year. In

mine (Vitamin B-l) than whole wheat itself! addition we have a reading course for

all ages. For this coming year it is

Because of this high Vitamin B-l content, many doctors recommend Wheat Hearts as baby's first cereal. It is easily digested, the gospel according to Matthew.

helps promote growth, good appetite and digestion. Also We love and believe in youth

recommended for growing children and adults who need the the sons and daughters of our Father musclebuilding proteins, food energy, valuable carbohydrates, in heaven. Our aim is to cultivate

iron and phosphorous Wheat Hearts so generously supplies. within them faith—faith in God, faith

in themselves, faith in the ideals that

Thrifty easy, too! and generous serving costs less than a A have made this land great. God bless

..and penny. minutes. in 3 cooks

them as they look to the future.

Remember! No other cereal, hot or cold, is richer in natural,

nutritious wheat germ than Wheat Hearts.

Silverware Certificate on every box! June Conference

Redeemable for valuable "Queen Bess"Tudor

Plate Silverware made by Oneida Community

Silversmiths. Start a set; easy to get. Lovely in Pictures

silverware you're proud to own.

Martha Meade Success Recipes using The story of the M. I. A. conWheat Hearts in many new ways available by ference in pictures: (1) A scene

writing Martha Meade, the roadshow Thursday Sperry Home Service from 6. Francisco Dept., San (2) general evening; the M. I. A. RfiECT board members greet the conference attenders at a reception on

So good... and so good for you Templeing; (3) Squarethe musicearly festivalFriday Saturmorn-

day evening filled the Tabernacle to overflowing; (4) Brigham

Young and his family are portrayed during the drama festival

Thursday evening; (5) more glad

young voices are raised in song WHEAT during the conference; (6) conference-goers receive their promthm$* grams before entering the Tabernacle; (7) Scouts demonstrate

how to make an outdoor shower;

(8) Explorer and Scout leaders HEARTS w enjoy dinner between sessions;

(9) delegates arrived in Salt Lake

Anotherfineproduct of Sperry...for 100years a leader in the West City by the trainload for June

the speech (10) Conference;

"SPERRY,""WHEAT HEARTS,"AND "MARTHA MEADE"ARE REGISTERED TRADE MARKS OF G EN ERAL MILLS, INC. evening; and festival held Friday

Listen to Sperry Breakfast News with Sam Hayes on your MutualDon Lee Stations (11) "The dance goes on"at the at 7:45 a.m. Monday thru Saturday dance festival in the University

of Utah stadium Friday evening.

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA;::r Al-i. '*.''—****

THE HIGHER HARVESTING SYLVAN SOLILOQUY SUMMER TELEVISION

By Ruth Harwood By Verla R. Hull By Thelma Ireland

f walk among the wooded heights, "Ran knows the fertile season of spring set, silhouette, a television T timbered have * The "-* plowing of the copse, * hark the cadence And window My is myWhen the rich Mother Earth is turned A mossy minuet! It overlooks my garden,screen.is

over from her winter sleeping A technicolored scene.

And the seed miracles of fruition The choice trees grow together; I see the wrens'love story there,

Are once again entrusted to her keeping. They're finer grained and tall. A comedy by jays,

And man, in partnership with faith Close contact with one's neighbor An opera by the meadow larks,

Works through the seasons toward abundant Proves remunerative to all! And swallows'spring ballets.

reaping. The music is by j uncos,

Scenes by artist of renown, There is also another plowing in our land, PRAIRIEBORN Choreography by summer, different a greater sowing, soil untoA heartsThe plowed field of human deep with By Elizabeth Reeves Humphreys AndThere'sthe nocostumes,time outfurforandcommercials,down.

suffering. Transplanted to a noiseswept Eastern Which is neither strange nor odd

O Sowers of the Seeds of Light, with higher *- city For they need no advertisement vision glowing, From quiet open vastness in the West As the sponsor is our God.

Work gloriously through all shadows and And alien to sophisticated witty all darkness, Gatherings, he felt within his breast

The ultimate sure golden harvest of the The need for peace that comes from endless kingdom knowing! space,

Uncluttered space, where eagles spread VICTORY proud wings, ]. Miles AUTUMN SIGNS Wherethunderinghe couldchasewatch the storm clouds'By Eunice

By Grace Barker Wilson And hear the song a desert sparrow brings. HPime after time, his castles fell; yet still, * Day after day, when ruin seemed comprairie's of the clouds, The panorama plete, are the signs in the

little of whispers sky: The its starhung struggled his on, building victory night He of drifting white cloudsCtrangeFingers visions that in he held city crowds. Were of bricks of the crumbled past defeat. OutPatterned of geese, by wedges tendrils fastened His closing them, roundLightly are veiled the by haze tight.

Of Indian Summer's blue smoke.

The prairieborn will ever turn his face LINES FOR GARDENERS

Toward sweeping skies and illimitable

ZINNIAS space. By Eleanor Alletta Chaffee

By Helen Harrington Gardeners are a strange race; looking AUBADE humble

careless lay knees, they a certain handHPhe burning bush may wither and the By Katherine Fcrnelius Larsen On pulse, feeling the earth's soil rich Upon *- phlox may curl; the larkspur and the four-o'- |"ORNING( crumble,

the fingers through sensitive Run and clocks fine note a of and sharpens the blade M tanned. wilt for watermay pinks and the may fade waking;

hurries; gardener ever he has learned No foror bend with longing the cool, dark bird's a tentative whistle thin whetted

itself, of time that brief the Rhythm and shade. the edge of dawn. on

of haste Impetuous mortal has earned man less of dignity leaf than any Him thrust zinnias theirBut stems through sun black pearl Night—that gale. Surrendered to the So with some sand and is in the bright dissolved goblet

pride of heat.and waves Staunch, unperturbed, raised for earth's drinking.

like weather Gardeners storms mariners they stand it is, the for treachery know what Who deluge,.through thick, dust's wind, and Morning

ride and choking fume the birds.. take and one one by Its violence, sensing earth's heart how the theirand their hardihood draw from in the crystal voice ringing own new

stirs bloom. of the day.

turns beneath. unharmed So gardeners And

They are like ragged remnant colonies are of pioneers, seize wiry left there to ISN'T IT NICE? Proudstar.in.. their. way, from living on a hold wilderness.and some moss and And

weed By Velma Fehling *Sr cannot displace them till they raise their seed. Tt's nice to be a mother

* When you're young; SUMMER PARK

Then at your prettiest The children view you. By Catherine E. Berry

WEALTH Your heart is glad and gay,

Your muscles strong, left no mark upon this lane, By Gladys Hesser Burnham And all the boisterous brood We No letter carved on any tree;

Can't quite subdue you. The wind that whispered by that night

glass shining the sun discloses,TThrough summer's haunting melody, With *- Bottled beauty, row. row on our stumbling, blown trembling And isn't it nice later Has words

Black of cherries, red of berries, To be a grandmother? Too far for any sure return,

Green of beans, all set just so. To babysit, read to the And though the same moon drifts above,

Youngsters, never fearing The same stars mistily still burn.

willNext the apricots, come likely You'll spoil them, forgotten have yet They us—and

flame the jar.Orange within or other Yet happy somehow others distant year in some Two

Amber peaches, white of pears, To leave for the parents this: May pause in wonder, finding love,

'Prisoned rainbow from afar. Their children's rearing. Just as we did, my dear—my dear.

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.fa;

Honor, Honesty, Integrity by President David O. McKay

"And they were all young men, and and especially upon fathers and mothers, to they were exceedingly valiant for courset examples to children and young people age, and also for strength and activity; worthy of imitation. Parents must be sincere

but behold, this was not all—they were in upholding law and in upholding the priestmen who were true at all times in whathood in their homes, that children may see a

soever thing they were entrusted. proper example. Respect for law and order,

"Yea, they were men of truth and soberas charity, begins at home.

ness, for they had been taught to keep Many are familiar with a comment on this the commandments of God and to walk fundamental principle by Mr. Roger W. Babuprightly before him."(Alma 53:20, 21.) son, the great statistician:

"The things which we look upon as of great deeds, stocks, bonds, value: the bankbooks, Theof Almaabove recallwords thefromaccountthe fiftythirdof youngchaptermen policies, insurance mortgages, etc., are merely

who were exceedingly valiant for courage, nothing. While fiftyone percent of the people

for strength, and who were true at all times in have their eyes on the goal of integrity, our whatsoever thing they were entrusted. Who investments are secure; but with fiftyone perwere these young men? They were sons of cent of them headed in the wrong direction,

parents who were equally true 4toevery trust. our investments are valueless. So the first fundaTheir parents were converted Lamanites who, mental of prosperity is integrity. Without it

when the Spirit of God came upon them, dethere is no civilization, there is no peace, there voted their lives to the service of their fellow is no security, there is no safety. Mind you,

men, and in their ministry in the Church also, that this applies just as much to the man covenanted that they would never more take who is working for wages as to the capitalist up arms against their brethren. Such was their and every owner of property.

oath; such was their covenant; and they were

true to it even unto death. "Integrity, however, applies to many more

One of the most moving accounts in things than money. Integrity requires the seekliterature is the account of these parents going ing after, as well as the dispensing of, the

out to meet enemies who came against them truth. It was this desire for truth which founded

with swords, and sacrificing their lives rather our educational institutions, our sciences and than to uncover the swords they had buried our arts. All the great professions, from medirest spirit this of to engineering, cine upon given not to and unearth. their word A thouintegrity. prosso they rest, can Only as they sand suffered of them rather death than

violate their covenant. Meeting no resistance, per or even survive.

the enemy, being consciencestricken, stopped "Integrity is the mother of knowledge. The

the massacre, after a thousand men had proved desire for truth is the basis for all learning, that they preferred death to the violation of the value of all experience and the reason for a trust. all study and investigation. Without integrity

I mention this because parenthood has much as a basis, our entire educational system would to do in inculcating courage and trustworthiness fall to the ground; all newspapers and magain children. The law of cause and effect is zines would become sources of great danger,

working in parenthood as it is in any other law and the publication of books would have to be of nature. There is a responsibility upon all, (Continued on following page)

AUGUST 1952 565 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Continued from preceding page) No Latterday Saint can be true to his country, suppressed. Our whole civilization rests upon the true to his Church, true to his God, who will

assumption that people are honest. With this violate the laws which relate to the moral welconfidence shaken, the structure falls. And it fare and the spiritual advancement of mankind.

should fall, for unless the truth should be taught, The Latterday Saints should uphold the law the nation would be much better off without its everywhere. And it is time that all of us—the

schools, newspapers, books, and professions. Better leaders of this country, the politicians, the stateshave no gun at all, than one aimed at yourself. men, the leaders in civic affairs in the state and

The cornerstone of prosperity is the stone 'of inin the cities, as well as parents and private cititegrity.".: zens should so speak of and so uphold the conGeorge Washington, the Father of our country, stitutional law of the land that there will everysaid: where be a renewal of respect for it and a revival

"I hope I shall always possess firmness and of the virtues of honor, honesty, and integrity.

virtue enough to maintain what I consider to All of us should take pride in making Mormonbe the most enviable of all titles, the character of ism a synonym for trustworthiness, temperance, an honest man."chastity, honesty, justice. These are fundamental

And from the Doctrine and Covenants: principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ and of

"We believe that governments were instituted the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints;

of God for the benefit of man; and that he holds and by exemplifying them in our lives we conmen accountable for their acts in relation to them, tribute to the transformation of society; we transboth in making laws and administering them, late our religion into better social conditions and

for the good and safety of society.... bring salvation and peace to men here and now.

"We believe that all governments necessarily May our Father in heaven guide and protect require civil officers and magistrates to enforce our young people, and may he bless us as parthe laws of the same; and that such as will adents, that it may be said of all of us: They are

minister the law in equity and justice should be men of truth and soberness—men who are true

sought for and upheld by the voice of the peoat all times in whatsoever thing they are enple "(D. &C. 134:1, 3.) trusted.

MAY GOD'S WORD BE INTERPRETED?

Vfidtsoe Thechanged.meaningIf interpretationsof God's wordmeanmaya changenever bein by John A. OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE meaning, then the word from God may not be

interpreted.

There are times when sacred words are no longer applicable to the present day and are Evidences therefore suspended from human practice. There AND

are very few such terminations of divine practices in sacred literature. The word of God is Reconciliations

usually so stated that it may be applicable at all

CLXVIII times in all places and under all circumstances.

In the scriptures generally this occurs at the termination of a period easily understood. For

the practice later suspended half century was a sacrifice part of a example: Animal the Jewish was

5 It to is often Wilford revelation Woodruff. by sacrifice of of greater the the coming law. 1 With

Jesus the Christ such sacrifice was suspended. 2 forgotten that the practices commanded by the

Likewise, also in the Book of Mormon, the pracLord may be suspended for longer or shorter tice of polygamy, then was forbidden by the intervals by the word of God, but only through

Lord, "Wherefore, my brethren, hear me, and direct revelation from God.

hearken to the word of the Lord: For there shall The question of interpretation becomes of first

not any man among you have save it be one wife; importance in the matter of translation, from one

and concubines he shall have none;... language to another. The manuscripts from

"For if I will, saith the Lord of Hosts, raise up which our present Bible was translated are nearly seed unto me, I will command my people; otherall in the Hebrew tongue. To make the words

wise they shall hearken unto these things."3 of God available to all it became necessary to

To Joseph Smith, the Prophet, the command was translate them into the languages of our day.

given by the Lord to take plural wives, 4 yet nearly King James'translation of the Bible, the one commonly used by the Church, was made by a 1Leviticus, Chapter 1. large number of scholars especially assigned to do 2III 15:48. Nephi

3Jacob 2:27, 30.'

'Doctrine and Covenants 132:28, 32, 34, 6162. Hbid., pp. 256257.

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this work. Such translations must present with and a man would get nearer to God by abiding

fidelity the meaning of the text to be translated. by its precepts, than by any other book."6

Man has no right to tamper with the meaning of There are times, however, when the meaning

God's word. of the inspired words need clarification. One of

Therein rest the many imperfections in the the best examples in sacred literature is the statetranslations of the Bible as ordinarily used. The ment in the revelation known as the Word of

translators not only made a record of the text Wisdom that we are to abstain from "hot drinks."

before them but also, when the meaning seemed Questions were asked concerning the revelation, doubtful, took the liberty to make it comply with and in course of time Joseph Smith and Hyrum their own individual beliefs. That is the real Smith declared the term "hot drinks"to mean

meaning of the eighth Article of Faith which tea and coffee beverages which were freely used reads, "We believe the Bible to be the word of by the Saints in those days.

God so far as it is translated correctly; we also This was an actual interpretation of God's word,

believe the Book of Mormon to be the word of necessary in that day because the meaning of the

God."To correct small errors that have crept term "hot drinks"was not clearly apparent.

into the Bible, the Prophet under revelation There are other examples of such interpreundertook a revision of the Bible text, usually tations. These must be made by competent

authority and be accepted by the vote of the known as the Inspired Translation.

Church. Personal interpretations will not do.

In this respect the Book of Mormon stands Interpretations of the words of the Lord may practically alone. Joseph Smith under God's ingo no farther. Anyone who makes his own parspiration translated and interpreted the meaning ticular interpretation of sacred words is taking

of the text on the Nephite plates with great corpower unto himself which he does not possess.

rectness. "... I told the brethren that the The word of God must be respected, else we have

Book of Mormon was the most correct of any no certain "fence posts"to guide us in our work.

book on earth, and the keystone of our religion, History of the Church, Vol. 4, p. 461.

C&JsSSSSSSviNS-Si

?? practice of justifying things that shouldn't be done

allegedly is doing "everyone"because them. This

false What "vuemone philosophy that the insidiously follows from i what becomes popular or prevalent in practice be- 9 comes"everyone"right isor saidpermissibleto be doingin principle,must bethatall whatright

RICHARD L. EVANS for everyone to do. The ultimate implication is

that if everyone is cheating, if everyone is lying, /\ne of the persistent practices of children—and it is all right to cheat and lie; if everyone is imof others also—is to justify what they want moral, it is all right to be immoral; if everyone

to do by saying that "everyone"is doing it. Paris lazy, if everyone is unwilling to work, if everyents are familiar with these phrases: "All the one has his hand out for something unearned, it

others are doing it.""All the other mothers are is all right to reach for what is unearned; if everyletting their children do it.""If my friend's one is untrue to trust, it is all right to be untrue

mother will let him go, may I go?"Sometimes it to trust. If prevalent malpractice were to become

becomes quite a conspiracy, as everyone's children the criterion of moral right or wrong, we should accuse everyone's parents of not letting anyone be lost, as others have been lost before us. History

do what "everyone"is doing. Children, it seems, starkly records that there have been individuals

have an inherent mastery of salesmanship and and empires, societies and civilizations whose sad psychology before they know the meaning of the swan song could well have been, and, indeed was, words, and if mothers don't get together, they that "Everyone is doing it."The whole matter

may be singly persuaded to let their children go could be substantially summed up by saying that places and do things which all of them together if this false philosophy were permitted to prevail, wouldn't do if all of them knew what the others soon everyone would be doing what no one should were doing. Such things, no doubt, have happened do, and we should be far along the road to ruin.

from the immemorable past and will continue to happen into the unforseeable future so long as children are children and parents are parents. But Jke Spolujpoteen WoJ"VK/ora FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

much deeper in its import than children's persuaPRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING sion of parents is the prevalent and fallacious SYSTEM, MAY 25, 1952 Copyright, 1952

AUGUST 1952 567 Address delivered Sunday afterple, but maybe it will encourage some your testimony of the gospel, you will noon, June 15, 1952, at the general to believe that those two years are come out of the army, because of the session of the M.I.A. Conference held not fatal, I might say to you that I temptations which it throws around

in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, with a did not get my college degree until you and which you resist, far stronger post scriptum written at the request I was twentyseven years old, and I than you ever would have been withof editors of The Improvement Era. did not get my professional degree out that experience. Yet for the sake

until I was thirtyfive. Now you boys, of that strength, personally, I would

brothers and sisters: It seems do not get discouraged. There is a not toss you into that burning caldron

chastity.My thatfrom Italkingonly justto younowthissat morndown lotnineteenof timeand betweenthirtyfive.eighteen and of war, with its hate, vulgarity, uning. I humbly pray, for I know my One of the things that I should But I want to say something about

own limitations, in part at least, that like to urge upon you was spoken the fact that there are a lot of things the Lord will help me in what I shall about this morning by Brother that are unchangeable in this changsay to you today, that it will give some Richard L. Evans in his broadcast. ing world. The great fundamentals

of us courage, a little more, and a He spoke of "don't get sorry for yourof life and of living have not changed.

little more resolve, a little more deselves."I will put it, "don't pity The laws of nature, they are still as

termination to live the gospel, and yourselves."The moment that a man they were. We are discovering a

to that end I trust that I may have begins to pity himself he loses stamfew things, we take great pride in the aid of your faith and prayers. ina, he loses will power, he loses our great achievements in the mate-

I am going to depart a little from initiative; and unless he can master rial world, and deservedly so.

more or less the theme of this great his selfpity, he is on the road and But gravity still operates, as every conference. far along the road to a life failure. poor pilot knows who, for some reason

I know something of the anxiety, Boys, young boys, do not think or other, loses control of his plane.

the uncertainty, which afflict the that there is no hope because you have Gravity is still here, so are all the youth of today, in our Church and to spend two years in the army. I other laws of nature that we know

out of our Church. I know that you would not want to spend two years about. They are all here. We have

wonder whether, indeed many believe in the army. My ancestry is Quaker, summer and winter, we have heat

you are living in a changing world. and I am coming to believe that there and cold, we get hungry, we get

Some of you seem to feel that after is heredity in ideas, and concepts, as thirsty; these things are as they were

all, all that has gone before is bad, well as in our physical being. So I from the beginning of time. Furtheror has been unfruitful, and you need loathe war, and all that goes with more, have you noticed that any of

to strike out on new lines. Yet I say it. the bad things of men have passed?

to you that we are the beneficiaries So I speak to you young people as Have you noticed that the evil one of all the good that has gone before. I do, to young men particularly, but has lost any of his power? He is the

Some of you are greatly disturbed, it affects the young girls also, not besame old Satan that he always has and I do not blame you, over the fact cause I like the idea of your spending been, trying to lead men down, dethat at least two years of your lives two years in the army, but because I stroy them. There is nothing new in i

are to be taken out in army service. do not want you to give up, to cast that. He has been at it since Adam

And some seem to think that the loss everything overboard, just because fell. There is nothing new in error.

of those two years makes it hardly two years is going out of your lives. And on the other hand, take the

worth while to plan for the future. When you get fifty, if you work great traits of character. They are

As I reduce it down, those two hard, you will probably forget that just as prevalent today as they ever years of army service are about the you lost these two years. And furtherwere. Men are still honest, honesty

only difference between you and the more, if you go into the army, if you is still with us, men and women are rest of us. And not by way of examlive your standards and if you retain still virtuous, they are still trying to

serve the Lord, they still have patience, kindness, forebearance, charity, all these things, existing from the beginning, are with us today. So

with every good, every truth that we have known.

Do not look at the ills of life, lookTwo Years in the Service at the blessings that you have. "Count

your many blessings, count them one by one,"as we all have sung in our

Sunday School. I

We still love. Unfortunately, weCan Be PROFITABLE still hate. We can still build our

homes. Whether or not we have a'

is wholly for our deterby J. Reuben Clark Jr. happy home

mination, and it calls for the full

SECOND COUNSELOR IN THE FIRST PRESIDENCY exercise of all the Christian virtues, to build a happy home. But that

is just as accessible to you today as it was a thousand years ago, or a 568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hundred years ago, or fifty years ago. restoration of the gospel, the restoraof his life, as he thinks, that if he

None of the blessings of the home life tion of the priesthood; we must still will go through with them, as I have

have been taken from you. The believe all the commandments that said before, living the principles of

world has not changed. The Chrishave been given, and we must try the gospel, being clean, honest, chaste,

tian home, with its divinelike mothto live them. There has been no he will never miss those two years

er love is still available to you. change there. twenty years from now and will be

I was interested to hear a young Let us not look at the few things stronger because of them.

man who has recently returned from that have altered a bit, and forget the Now the burden of what I want the front in Korea, where he spent many things which are the foundato say to you today is, look to your many months on the firing line tion and the fundamentals of our blessings, count them, do not worry this was brought to my mind by this life, which are here present with us about your ills, forget them, and the pageant we saw of the young couple today just as much as they ever have Lord will bless you.

at the temple gate—say, "You know, been. And you teachers, you who teach,

when we could get together out there, And I come back to the young boys, encourage, build "up, try to get your and held our little meetings, the—please do not think that the taking young people to see that everything

thing that we talked about was temple out of two years of your lives for army depends upon them, each of them marriage. When it came my turn to service, if you keep your standards, individually, so far as he is inditalk, that is what I talked about."and live the principles of the gospel, vidually concerned. Try to get them

Temple marriage, the union of will have any really serious effect upto see that if they are to be saved, man and woman, husband and wife, on your future. There is still plenty of they must save themselves. Their

for time and for all eternity, with time, plenty of time. Oh, yes, you parents cannot do it; you cannot do

brings—thatall the blessingsis as thataccessiblesuch marriageto us tomightif you gethadalongnot beena littlein thefaster,army.maybe, it. And the way to do this is to get

day as it ever was in our time. The There are so many ifs in the progto them an understanding of the gosworld has not changed. We are still ress of an individual through life, pel, get to them testimonies of the

moving forward in the same way. that it is very difficult, indeed imposgospel, so that they will insist to

When it comes to our faith, our sible to tell which one of them themselves on their own obedience to religious beliefs, they are just as availamounts to very much. But I am the principles thereof.

able to us as they ever were. We can sure I am safe in promising every Sister Jessie Evans Smith sings a

still and must still believe in the young man who loses this two years (Continued on page 611)

AUGUST 1952 569 LEVI EDGAR

President and Sister Young spend most of their free evenings at home in their libraryliving room.

President Young confers on worldwide mission problems with the members of the First Council of the Seventy. They are front row, left to right, Richard L.

Evans, President Young, Antoine R. Ivins; back row, left to right, S. Dilworth

Young, Oscar A. Kirkham, Bruce R. McConkie, and Milton R. Hunter. President Levi Edgar Young. The photograph was taken about 1940 when he was

president of the New England States Mission,

The Salt Lake City Council of Jews, Catholics and Protestants, of which President Young is a member, holds meetings in Brother Young's office. Here he is

shown with (left to right) Rabbi Adolph H. Fink of the B'nai Israel Temple, and President Young inspects one of his

Reverend W. F. Bulkley and Bishop Stephen Cutler Clark (deceased) of the many rare books. His library contains

Episcopal Church. upwards of five thousand volumes.

YOUNG—SENIOR PRESIDENT

First Council IE ofvi Edgarthe FirstYoung,Councilseniorof thepresidentSeventy, is a true disciple of the Lord, in neighbor a every meaning of the Of The Seventy servant, word, conscientiously and a devoted to the sacred office he bears.

In an age in which mankind by G. Homer Durham

evinces a tendency to fall into exCONTRIBUTING EDITOR tremes, President Young is a living AND HEAD OF POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH reminder that the destiny of God and man, religious and practical affairs, of tree. sturdy, straight old for a As accident. not emerge Elder by Joseph think theological discourse and humanistic his wife, the of she adorable was one most Young, his grandfather a brother and learning, inextricably are tobound I ladies old ever met. have

of the Prophet Brigham, was a Methoof simply, told she the early Very gether. enter his office, me his home, To

or merely to stand in his presence is dist minister; later, Senior President days. Her parents had been wellto-do

of left First the of Pennsylvania Dutch, Council and had Seventy, the a prosperfeel serenity his to of serenspirit—a in the to ous East out and home come office his son, held an Dr. Seyby

is ity result that of the simple, direct to better themselves, not the West, bebut B. in turn, his Young, and mour by in faith religion. herself of their cause combined She with a deep God was

and cultivated outlook, indicative of grandson, Levi Edgar. To Joseph born in 1847, in a prairie schooner on the

in a revival Young, of meeting the River, Missouri in one day banks that and Arnold's injunction that Matthew we vehicle carried across she plains the was his brother, came saying: Brigham,

life it "steadily, should see see and to passes the Salt through and where Lake / "Come, the Joseph, have found a whole."has passion for its He settlein City the first of human then year was

word of God."ment. Some families were living in tents, detail within this perspective. But

although patient and kind, he enterThe Young brothers, five of them, but log cabins were springing up. Fancy

fascination in there that to hearing was went Kirtland the the and found little tains respect for trivial matters tell, that old her in the lady simple way, of Prophet the dispensation, new fall or things that of short human of story early settlement. the For Mormon Smith. Joseph Grandfather Joseph is dignity little there gentleness voice all her in the low and such time when

granted men in this probation in Young nurtured the spirit of educawhich she spoke, the tale was an epic in tion, as did herself figured. she Brigham. which proposed His She had was which the to plumb fundamental

herself. seen, a pioneer she had much How library for great the Seventy's Hall issues. endured, she had how much much how of Science, although never completed, President sepurposefully Young of she happiness sorrow! had and known

lected the broad field of history for remains an inspiration in the Church And now in her old age, she had a nature study and reflection, particularly in to this day. Levi's father, Dr. Seymour like a distillation made of everything there

life. is I did in to leave house, the wish not B. Young, in third graduated, was cultural its great

I did, she said she and and when when settings—perhaps his class, in York, medicine at New the difficult of most all fields beagain, conscious hoped I would I was come

cause of the wide variety and comand was awarded the Valentine Mott of a lump in my throat. That kind of

plexity of the subject matter. And Memorial Medal for skill in surgery lump which, once in a long time, will

yet, the demand and urgency for in the Empire State in 1874. rise up in one's throat when one sees a

Street, the very lovely, very happy child. generalization here is of equal, if not A few years ago, Julian

celebrated tells journalist, American greater significance, for the welfare a boy, Levi As Edgar posYoung visit of to a Salt in his City Lake of the mankind, than generalizations characteristics sessed the are which entitled at book Abroad Home. He of science. natural every Not modern fully so his in portrayed manhood: city escorted the was about durand historian the to has reconcile wisdom sincerity, simplicity, and sympathy his ing sightseeing, to he asked meet religion. science with President But fine of a sense with love His humor. typical a Latterday Saint family and life, large in sense, Young's has a been of a books early very of passion was

to in a Latterday Saint be home. He effort to symphonic unify the streams life, his of the but nature beauty and taken President to was by the Young of the interests the gospel pure his for talent living natural his kept—in of his parents, B. Dr. home Seymour its of Christ, that of Jesus chances reading from onesided. making him Sister visit, his and Young. During suffering acceptance by humanity lost sight of never has humanity. He a he conversation had them, with might thereby. be enhanced is, To today His motto look back "Don't the beautiful and of saw the rooms exemplify, to or effort even the make in of the gaining hope complacent old as home. Impressed was, he he to exemplify, the endcombined selfrespect the road from have you wrote of his a description experience of products university the idea and traversed."to never knows He how this interesting which he with had of the as ideal Christ Jesus Church refuse act a kindly matter no what family group. Street wrote: Mr.

is institutions task. no mean Those to cost himself. the great has He

who would understand President Mr. Young, more than eighty years of ideals, among them the beautiful

a professional age, was a degree with man better attempt had Young to underlines justly, "... Micah: from to do

eastern a large university. a was He this effort. lifelong noble, stand to love to mercy, and walk and of fine, school, Man gentlemanfrom the old very

does not live by bread alone. dignified, and gracious, and there was an humbly with thy God."(Micah 6:8.)

Such an effort and such a life do air about him which somehow made me (Continued on following page)

AUGUST 1952 571 President Joseph Young, Ann Elizabeth Riter Young, Dr. Seymour B. Young, Levi Edgar at the age of five.

grandfather of Levi Edgar, mother of President Young, father of President Young, who was senior president of and daughter of Levi Evans who for many years was also the Council of the Seventy Riter and Rebecca Dilworth. Senior President of the First

from the days of Kirtland. Council of the Seventy.

LEVI EDGAR YOUNG greatlin. Asmissionarya consequence,conferencein Junein 1902,BerElder Levi Edgar Young was called

to serve as president of the Swiss (Continued from preceding page) Channing, and Ephraim Emerton. Mission for the Church, with headAn early love for the scriptures and Also, at Harvard, the young Latterquarters at Zurich, Switzerland. The

for the classics was engendered in day Saint scholar came under the mission area embraced the south of

Levi Edgar Young, fourth in his stimulating influence of one of the France and northern Italy in addifather's family of twelve children. alltime American academic great tion to Switzerland and Austria.

With delight, President Young remen, Professor William James. James Here, one of the youngest mission

calls his early study of Latin, inspired paid the Utahn the singular honor presidents of the restoration era, he hy his father's love of reading Caesar's of inviting him to his seminar, to conducted the affairs of the organCommentaries. A lifelong devotion address the group on Mormonism. ized branches of the Church, includto the pioneer American university The great psychologist introduced ing the activities of a contingency of

west of the Missouri, the University him as "a friend"and as a "close missionaries, sixty or more in the of Utah, also found early inspiration relative of Brigham Young."Followfield from time to time. It is of more

in the fact that Seymour B. Young, ing a fortyminute presentation, than passing interest to recall that

as a lad of thirteen, attended the Professor James and the Harvard gradElder Albert E. Bowen of the Counearly sessions of the then "University uate students kept the young man cil of the Twelve, and the Honorable

of Deseret"in 1850. busy for nearly two hours, answering Charles R. Mabey, former governor

Levi Edgar Young was born at questions. of the state of Utah, served as misSalt Lake City, February 2, 1874, Upon returning to Salt Lake City sionaries with President Young, the

the son of Seymour B. and Ann Elizain 1899, President Young was apformer as mission secretary.

beth Riter Young. His mother was pointed assistant in the department

the daughter of Levi Evans Riter and of history at the University of Utah. Seizing an opportunity afforded by

Rebecca Dilworth, the latter a sister Thus began an association, extending the fact that Mr. Hayden Coffin of

of Mary Jane Dilworth, celebrated as over forty years, of professional servthe Players'Club, London, had been

Utah's first schoolteacher. The son, ice at his state university, and he has a guest and friend of Dr. Seymour

destined to extend the family tradicontinued this service since his re- B. Young in Salt Lake City, President

tion of leadership among the seventy tirement as head of the department Young made an appearance before into the third generation, was a child of history and political science in that interesting and distinguished of promise. He was graduated from 1939. group, during his mission days in

the University of Utah in 1895, and Meantime, the young man's life Europe, addressing them on the subimmediately upon graduation, began had been filled with busy Church ject of "The Salt Lake Theatre."

a career as professional scholar and activity. On June 18, 1897, he was Here he met the great Shakespearean

teacher. First came a year of teachordained to the office of seventy unartist, Sir Henry Irving, and Cyril

ing at the Lowell School in Salt Lake der the hands of his father, President Maude, with other great artists, who

City, 189596; then two years as proSeymour B. Young. After two years became lifelong friends and were

fessor of English at the L. D. S. Uniat the University, in 1901, he was often to visit in the Young home at

versity. called to the German Mission, labor555 East South Temple Street, Salt

In 1898 he entered Harvard Uniing in Dresden and Leipzig for that Lake City.

versity, and there followed a glorious year. To mention the Levi Edgar Young

season of study under three of the In December 1901, President home is to capture for our record a titans of American historical scholarFrancis M. Lyman, presiding officer signal event and influence of his life.

ship: Albert Busrmell Hart, Edward of the European Mission, called a Returning from his mission in 1904,

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Levi Edgar Young about 1898, Valeria Brinton Young, wife of President Young, at President and Sister Young's when he was a teacher at the play with two of their daughters. three daughters in their early

L, D. S. University. childhood; left to right, Harriet,

Jane, and Eleanor.

he resumed his work in the departhalf of both church, state, and the Lake council of religious groups.

ment of history at the University. Utah community—numerous persons Twice he has served as president of

June 12, 1907, he married Valeria who have visited Salt Lake City. the latter. Constantly he insists on

Brinton. Sister Young has richly During much of this time, from 1922 the promotion of "goodwill toward

complemented her husband's talents to 1934, he was president of the men"through that group, which, in and has made the Young home a Temple Square Mission and directly an earlier day in Utah history, ocplace of serene and lovely memory to in charge of the Bureau of Informacasioned some bitterness for our peoall who have crossed its threshold. tion and its museum, which he treasple, albeit the majority group.

In the home are refinement, culture, ured with discriminating care. Thus, In addition to what has already

and exquisite taste, coupled with a the scores of distinguished persons been said in this short space, the gracious simplicity and manner of who annually came to Utah on befollowing deserves attention in conputting all comers at their ease, rich half of university functions, plus the nection with his university service.

or poor, great or small. The Youngs untold thousands who sought out Through his knowing efforts, apprehave three lovely daughters, Harriet Temple Square as a tourist's mecca, ciating the ultimate historical values,

(Mrs. Mitchell Kline of Bluemont, combined to make the Young housethe knowledge of the first site of the

Virginia), Jane Seymour (Mrs. Rulon hold, or wherever the head of the university in its 1850 home has been

Wells Rawson of New York City), house happened to be, a veritable preserved and, because of President and Eleanor (Mrs. Harris O. Van beehive of activity. Young's long and painstaking efforts,

Orden of Smithfield, Utah). A splendid article, "The Ancient preserved in the artistic handiwork

A life devoted to education and to Inhabitants of Utah,"volume XXVII of Mahonri Young. The John R.

Church service cannot be dissected of Art and Archaeology, (March 1929) Park Memorial Building, known to into its component parts; all are part beautifully illustrated, is among the thousands of alumni, was dedicated

of the whole. Nevertheless, certain testaments of this effort. In 1938 by his father, President Seymour B.

things are expected of college prothe Royal Anthropological Institute Young; and Kingsbury Hall, now the

fessors—such as answering unending of Great Britain released and pubcultural home of thousands, was

calls for talks and appearances from lished Warren Dawson's researches dedicated by President Levi Edgar clubs, women's circles, groups of all into mummification in America, Young.

sorts, with little thought or concern studying its relationship with mumSuch events are the spiritual frameon the part of the group for the time, mification in the eighteenth and work, one might say, of the daily labor, and routine sacrifices placed twentyfirst Egyptian dynasties. In grind that goes on inside the strucupon the speaker. The same types the article, President Young is exture to prepare youth for the tasks

of demands are made upon the Gentensively quoted. In 1931 President of life. To fulfil the latter, books

eral Authorities of the Church. When Young was honored with an invitaare required. Joseph Smith sent Olithe two roles converge, as in the extion to serve on the advisory comver Cowdery to New York City for

mittee of the Exposition of Indian a wagonload of books. It was a perience of President Young, only

Arts, Tribal in City, held York New great reKirtland, in (as day Ohio those have had to meet this who in for 1926 he and was recommended in corded the journal), Prophet's sort of appreciate can demand the election to the Society Royal of Edinto arrived effectuthose books when strain imposed. burgh, generally to an honor reserved of Brigthe ate the School Prophets!

In addition to this busy routine, workers in natural science. He is ham Young sent Dr. J. M. Bernhisel

his daily lot beyond regular work, serving on the national advisory east in 1850 on a similar mission.

President Young has found time and council of the AmericanChristian The latter wrote to the authors, edimeans during his service to the UniPalestine Committee, and he has tors, and publishers of the United versity of Utah to entertain—on begiven years of service to the Salt (Continued on page 612)

AUGUST 1952 573 t."';:'.'. '. ''.:.":"'Jg

"...Be Thou an Example of the Believers..."

by Emily H. Bennett

FIRST COUNSELOR IN THE PRESIDENCY,

YOUNG WOMEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION

Forwhotheattendedtens of thisthousandsyear, Juneof leadersconnaclecedinggrounds,the receptionboth Secondon theAssistanttaberpracticalvision as loftyas breadas theandskies—werebutter, yet held.with

ference began officially on Friday, Superintendent David S. King and Breakfasts, lunches, suppers, all filled

June 13, but for the general boards our adviser, Elder Mark E. Petersen the days and the inner man with ideas

busily perfecting arrangements, June of the Council of the Twelve, quoted as well as food. Let's review them

conference began at the Sunday the scriptures, all adding up to the chronologically.

checking meeting of June 8. So it was thought that "without the help of Even before Friday the 13th, and

with themes and slogans—there was God we are nothing,"the great theme listed as preconference affairs, there

more than met the eye. For the of the convention—the great theme were three significant events. Wedmany who attended the Friday mornof humility and faith was in every nesday at the Tracy Wigwam in Mill

ing session, the M. I. A. theme of the heart. Creek Canyon, the camping institute

year stood revealed: "... be thou an Certainly the blessings of humility began with registration and a flagexample of the believers.... 'The as well as of preparation were apraising ceremony. Good food, some

gay, conference slogan, "The feeling parent at June conference. The sweet, of it via pit cookery, shared honors

is mutual,"was written on every page calm, peaceful spirit of our Heavenly with general program and group of the conference program. But to the Father was poured out upon the aswork in camp cooking, hiking, safety,

general boards, humble under the tresembled groups both in general meetadministration, storytelling, dancing mendous physical and spiritual load ings and in department sessions. The on the green, and other events. The

of preparation and presentation, the good human feeling of brotherly love camp institute registered 400.

one—"Withoutconference themethewashelpa ofverymy Fathersimple practicaland fellowshipgood prevailed,developed. andWemuchall demonstratedThursday theat sportsJordanprogramPark withwas

in heaven I am nothing."felt blessed and mutually benefited, 450 participating. Again groups

This theme developed unmistakand, as many observed, even the were shown preparty games as well ably as the weeks went by, when weather was cooperative. We give as the relays and ball games and

Brother LaMont Richards in the last thanks to our Creator. rhythm games, which add so much to

general board meeting preceding June As long as there ever have been or the fun of Mutual outdoor groups.

conference quoted from Wordsworth, ever will be June conference festivals, Lunch was followed by a fashion show saying that what we needed was these must rightfully attract tremenwhich portrayed beautiful but modest "Humble dependence on God and dous attention. They are often the outdoor and sport costumes as well

manly reliance on self."At the final culmination of the year's work in acas party and dance clothes. The

checking meeting, both President tivities—dance, music, speech, drama. afternoon was devoted to handicraft

Bertha S. Reeder of the Y. W. M. I. A. Sometimes they are glimpses into the instruction.

and Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis future, the planned stake festivals of Thursday evening two performof the Y. M. M. I. A. complimented the the coming year. This last was true ances, at 5:30 and 8:30, of the drama

boards on their earnest, prayerful, and of the speech festival this June. But festival were held at Kingsbury Hall

diligent preparations, and then said even these glorious and thrilling festion the University of Utah campus.

that we would be blessed in our efvals were not everything. General Two original roadshow acts portrayforts, that June conference was in the meetings packed with thoughtful ing Church lore, an original oneact

hands of our Heavenly Father. Finpresentations as well as the inspired play, "Something to Crow About,"

ally at the 7:30 a.m. prayer meeting messages of General Authorities were written by Luacine Clark Fox, and a

held in the joint board room, preour portion. Department sessions fireside drama, "The Refuge,"by

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Herbert Rona, read in the modern, eager youth, or the voice of Paul, or formances but also of giving opporhighly interesting fashion of today of those who walked through the tunity to many young people: "If the

of our Church recreationalall originals—were presented. scriptural lines? leaders

This was all before Friday. June The theme presentation was folactivities do not pay attention to and

conference opened officially with big lowed by the conversational, "What encourage and develop the less probanners at the reception on Friday Makes the Difference,"in which the ficient, who will?"He defined spirmorning at 8:00 a.m. on Temple two general Y. W. M. I. A. counselors itualized recreation as that which

Square. What a delight the recepand the general Y. M. M. I. A. asmotivated to activity every teenage

tion was! Pretty girls in green and sistants discussed the differences bemember of the Church. He said that

gold distributed programs, upstanding tween excellence and mediocrity in in order to have spiritualized recreaScouts directed the way. Delegates programs, activities, wards, leaders tion it must be dominated and conin droves with amusing, clever, and aided by the spirited examples pretrolled by men and women who

highly original badges designating sented by representatives from the radiate the gospel through study and their areas and stakes came down the achievement programs in tableaus as good lives.

line. The good warm sun told us background. Elder Petersen spoke of the main

it was June, really June, as we clasped Following congregational singing, purpose of the M. I. A. to make better

the friendly hands of M. I. A. workers the session was fittingly concluded by Latterday Saints out of its members.

from Florida and California, from a strong and timely address of PresiHe spoke of the book of Matthew, the

Hawaii and Canada, from Mexico, dent Stephen L Richards on "gamreading course this year, and its adfrom Seattle, New York, Chicago, and bling,"in which the plea was made monition, "Be ye perfect."He adColumbia, and everywhere in bethat we practise and teach the value monished everyone to study the scriptween—thousands and thousands of of honor and work instead of chance tures and to encourage youth to the

good, faithful, hardworking, brotheras a means of getting ahead. study and the memorization of the

ly hands. The traditional superintendents'scriptures. He pointed out that MatAnd then the opening meeting at and presidents'luncheon followed at thew gives us knowledge of the

9:30. There was a cablegram from the Hotel Utah. The theme of this Savior, of Satan, of the Golden Rule,

President David O. McKay: "Greetdelightful occasion was the yearof the purpose of life, and of the way

to salvation. He urged everyone toings to M. I. A. workers. May practiround program—both food and skit

cal instruction, good fellowship, and which was presented by young peohelp implant testimonies in the hearts divine inspiration characterize your ple of the M. I. A. emphasized the of youth.

conference. Sincerely, David O. fact that "Every month is Mutual The late afternoon on Friday was

McKay."The wire was sent from month, and Mutual is for you."busy with continuous and even overHolland where President and Mrs. The afternoon session featured a lapping meetings and events. L. D. S.

McKay were at the time on the first question box which made a valiant institute directors and student leaders leg of their summer tour of Europe. attempt to answer the many quesmet with the M. I. A. education and

The greetings of Sister Reeder and tions which pour into the M. I. A. correlation committee. The music

Brother Curtis: Sister Reeder spoke of offices weekly. It also honored Sister festival held its first general rehearsal.

her love for and gratitude to our adRuth May Fox now past ninetyeight The Golden Gleaner "Jubilee in June"visers and to the workers in the field, years and still actively interested in met for a program in the Union and to Sister (Lucy) Cannon who had M. I. A. Sister Fox's new song with Building and supper on the lawn at

called her to wish her well on the music by Crawford Gates, "In Trithe University of Utah campus. Elearly morning of June 13. Sister umph We Shall Sing"was sung by der Harold B. Lee capped the program

Reeder made an especial plea for one of the many guest choruses, and with a talk which fitted into the loyalty to the Church and to the Sister Fox was presented a service pin theme of the evening "The House

General Authorities—for exemplary of fortytwo years'devotion to the that Jill Built."He dwelt on the

lives and attendance at sacrament M. I. A. by Sister Reeder, as well as spiritual phases of building and esmeeting. a bouquet of red roses from Sister tablishing a home. He also "pinned"

Elder Curtis spoke of his great Ruth Funk, chairman of the music his wife, Sister Fern Tanner Lee, who gratitude for the blessings of the goscommittee for the Y. W. M. I. A. The was awarded an Honorary Golden

pel and for those of his calling. He afternoon concluded with the inspiraGleaner certificate and pin for her

spoke of his love for his associates tional words of Elders Marion G. outstanding and unselfish service to

the young women of the Church.and for the desire in his heart that Romney and Mark E. Petersen—one

everything done in the M. I. A. should of the advisers to the M. I. A. Elder The speech festival was in full

be on a plane of high spiritual excelRomney spoke of the need of training flower soon after 5:30 p.m. at the

lence. His closing plea was "Be ye and working at anything which we Kingsbury Hall where the theme

perfect."hope to do well. He said that Mu- "America United To Sing Together,

The moving presentation of the tual must do something for the parTo Work Together, and To Pray Totheme: "... be thou, an example of ticipants which is done in no other gether"was magnificently handled by

the believers, in word, in conversarecreational activity anywhere in the the four young speakers Albert M.

tion, in charity, in spirit, in truth, world. "The objectives which justify Sconberg, Sandra Parker, Keith Romand in purity."(I Timothy 4:12.) our program are as far above the ney, Hal Eyring, and by the Sacre

Who will ever forget Gordon Owen's sordid, moneymaking obctives of Dulce Chorus under the direction of fine voice—his ease and command? commercial recreation as the heavens Verdon Thurgood. "This is America"

Who will forget the young boy—an are above the earth."He spoke of a declaration of faith—beautifully

example, himself, of questioning, the necessity of perfecting our per- (Continued on page 586)

AUGUST 1952 575 GenealogyConversion of a Norwegian Sea Captain

by James Young McGregor

New Year's Day of 1948, the his teachings. He felt the need of ble spirit and his interest in the gosOnHinden, an eightyfoot fishing finding the truth, so he continually pel. An allout effort was made to

boat, stood. at anchor off the searched for it. help him and to teach the gospel to

shores of Brazil. Aboard was a crew After conversing with the Uru- a friend and brother in distress. With

of six men besides the captain and guayan officials through an intereach visit his knowledge and spirit his family. They spent the day preter, he found that the fishing conwere visibly improved. He was greatfishing, and a few days later the tract he had signed in Norway was ly interested in the Book of Mormon.

small powerful into boat but left pulled void. of This meethim no way

it, finished reading he rehe When ofthe port Montevideo, his Uruguay. ing expenses were which mounttruthful- of its ceived a testimony

trip from a daily. to ing beenThe In Norway had attempt gain an

long, hard one, and they were all some sort of financial security, he ness.

tired, but they were happy because signed a contract with another comWith a bail of five thousand pesos of their hopes for the future. pany to fish for sharks. His worries raised by his friend the schoolteacher,

Before leaving Norway, the captain would have been over had not this he was released, and according to had signed a contract with a Urucompany failed in business so that previous agreement, went to live in guayan fish company for the Hinden they were unable to meet the contract, the branch with the elders. There

to fish off the shores of Uruguay. and the captain was again unable to he occupied himself by studying the

Upon their arrival, all seemed well, pay his crew. Because of political gospel and working on a welfare

except that there was no money to influence and an interest in gaining project, and he was of great assistpay the crew. This, however, was possession of the fishing boat, the ance in getting the Church welfare

not of too great concern to the capcrew was encouraged to declare bankplan started in that country.

tain, for he expected to take enough ruptcy against the captain. AccordWhile studying genealogy, he refish in the next few days to meet his to the law in Uruguay, a person who membered the time in Norway when

immediate expenses. is bankrupt must go to jail until his he had been in a good position finanCaptain Lien was a very intelliaffairs are settled, so after sending cially and had hired an old woman to

gent and welleducated man. He was his family back to Norway, Captain help him trace his line of ancestry.

large, standing six feet two inches, Lien was taken to the jail in Rocha. Now realizing the importance of such

and weighing two hundred pounds, At this time he had only two friends work, he found the names and inforand his attitude was one of cheerleft in the country—his mechanic, mation he had collected in the bottom

fulness and optimism, so that he was and an English schoolteacher. of his trunk and spent a busy week

an outstanding individual who imDuring his days of distress in pristransferring the material to his Book pressed favorably almost everyone he on, the captain asked that the priests of Remembrance. When he finished,

met. He had been educated in the visit him to give him solace, but they ninetythree family groups were

best navigation school in Norway and never came. His friend, the schoolfilled, and about three hundred years

spoke five languages fluently. He teacher, knew of the Latterday Saint of his ancestors'names were ready

had sailed the seven seas and knew missionaries and their good works in for ordinance work.

the customs and ways of the world. that city, so he called on the elders Soon after this, he was baptized

From his childhood he had been and asked them to visit Captain Lien. and confirmed a member of the

taught by his parents to study the With their first visit, the two elders Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday scriptures and to learn of Christ and rejoiced because of the captain's humSaints.

Norwegian fishermen after bringing in the catch

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by his courage. It was enough for

other youngsters to dare the icy BLESSED ARE THEY plunge with their eyes wide open, calculating the exact instance to brace of it. Yet for the shock by Amy Hillyard Jensen themselves relied only on this small blind boy

the eyes of his spirit, so great was faith. to his of people were hundreds laughing come, and sputtering,There this, I knew, was the answer And laughing surface. hesitation, he chatting around the the Without and

pool in the California sunshine, struck out for the side of the tank, faith: faith in himself and his abiland I couldn't help wondering how his movements swift and sure. ity to overcome each obstacle as it

many of them were as discouraged When he could grasp the tile edge, arose; faith in his primitive radar,

and unhappy as I. For the second time he pulled his way along it, making which like the whisperings of his

in, less than a decade, war had en- a little clucking noise, barely audible. guardian angel, gave him guidance

gulfed my generation. For a second Once some other swimmers blocked and support; faith in his father who,

time I had become a service wife, his way, but he was aware of them though silent, was ever vigilant, ready and the future seemed dark and imeven before I could call out in warnto help him when danger threatened.

penetrable. ing. I felt shamed and humbled by this

The children, at least, were careWhy, it's like radar, I realized. child of ten who, in a world that

free. Even now, one lad of about Somehow, the little sounds he made had dealt with him so harshly, still

ten was crawling out on the diving helped him judge the distance from felt that the world is good.

board, feeling his way carefully with an intended goal and warned him of Something stirred within me then his hands. I lay idly watching as obstacles in his path. a memory, a truth once loved and

he reached the end of the board and As I watched in wonderment, his cherished. It was something Jesus

slowly stood up. He turned his face hands found the steps at the end of had said once to someone like me;

toward the edge of the pool and the pool. He pulled himself up out something Jesus said to the doubtseemed to smile at a man sitting there of the water and sat to rest a moing Thomas. Gradually, the words,

alone. ment with his feet dangling. Then, long buried in doubt and fear, were

"Here I go, Daddy,"he called. still sitting, he sidled along the reborn in my heart, and with them,

Then he jumped—but not before I breadth of the tank until he was at the sweet warm comfort of faith:

had seen his eyes, sightless and starthe diving board again. "... blessed are they that have

ing. Once more I saw him inch his not seen, and yet have believed."

I sat up in amazement and saw him way along the board and was moved (John 20:29.)

AUGUST 1952 577—Photograph hi) Paul E. Norine

Artist J. B. Fairbanks'mural depicting the scene of the first irrigation in America by AngloSaxons

the damming of City Creek by the Mormon Pioneers July 23, 1847the sale and use of the lands in the arid region could be used for the

tures with the understanding that The Story of purpose of building irrigation strucevery dollar invested in such enterprises would in course of time be repaid, great results might follow.

This idea, after proper crystallizaFEDERAL IRRIGATION tion, finally appeared in the socalled

Newlands Act, Francis G. Newlands

by Dr. John A. Widtsoe being a senator from Nevada in the

Congress of the United States at that

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE time.

On June 17, 1902 the socalled Newlands Act was passed. It proIrrigation is an ageold art. Its the Great Basin and set up rules and vided that the income from the sale

beginnings are lost in forgotten regulations for the use of water under and use of public lands should be history. When the early peoples civilized conditions. In fact, the great gathered into a fund out of which

of whom we have records found credit given to the Mormon Pioneers the mountain streams would be themselves in countries of low rainis not that they began irrigation in brought into captivity in great reserfall, they soon learned that by the the Far West of America but that voirs and dams, and used for irrigaartificial application of water, that they learned to practise it successfully tion purposes. A huge dream had

is, irrigation, they could make these on a community scale. come true!

dry lands yield abundantly, often As the years went by and the Then the work began. The first

more abundantly than land dependpopulation increased, it became more project was the Newlands project of ing on irregular rainfall. and more evident that the water Nevada using the water of the

However, modern civilization grew flowing from the mountains should TruckeeCarson River which for unup in countries of some rainfall, not be impounded to be used more eftold ages had been flowing from.the

on desert lands. True, some irrigafectively than was possible with the mountainsides to be wasted in the

tion was there practised, as in France, simple diversion streams of the early lower basins.

Spain, Italy, Egypt, Palestine, and days. To build such dams and reserThen followed project after project

other countries. voirs required money, much more until today eightysix projects, large

The art was largely forgotten by than the pioneers had. The matter and larger, have been built. Twentythe people of Europe. was discussed long and loud, at first one million acres of land have been

When the Mormon Pioneers of in Utah among the Mormon people brought under cultivation. Hamlets,

July 24, 1847 reached the valleys and then among all settlers and becities, and millions of happy homes of the Rocky Mountains, they found lievers in the West. An Irrigation now stand on the dry lands of the

themselves in a country of low rainCongress was founded which met West, evidences of the conquest of fall. Without any real knowledge annually and out of which the leaderirrigation over nature. It seems alof irrigation, but as any intelligent ship of the thinking people of the most a miracle that such a vast acrepeople might know, they realized that West and of many of the East disage uniting the East and the West

irrigation would increase yields of cussed the possibilities of transformhas been accomplished by the simple crops on arid or semiarid lands. ing the western deserts into fields of provision of the Newlands and sucThey therefore set to work to pracripening grain. ceeding irrigation acts.

tise irrigation. At last a plan was conceived and Naturally it did not take long for

They first laid simple diversion carried into execution. If the funds the growing irrigation settlement to

dams across the small streams of obtained by the government from use not only the money obtained 578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pine View Dam in Ogden Canyon—Ogden River Project in Cementlined irrigation canal.

Utah.

from the public lands, but also more the falling streams is doing much versary of the passing of the Newwhich was borrowed from the federal of the farmer's work. It has indeed lands Act, therefore, from June,

treasury from any funds available. been an experiment of huge and varied throughout the summer and fall we

But except for some comparatively import. are celebrating the golden anniversary

small expenditures which have reThe world has noted what America of federal irrigation in the United sulted from our inexperience in such has done for its dry lands, since pracStates of America. It is a great

huge projects, the money invested tically onehalf of the earth's surface event and a notable cause, one in has been repaid or is being repaid. lies under a low rainfall. Visitors which every Latterday Saint who

When these repayments are added have come from the fardistant lands understands the history of the Church to the taxes and other public revenue to discover what is being done in this will take part. Already cities and

obtained from the desert acres made field of endeavor in the United States towns have expressed their feelings into blossoming fields, the total of of America. through celebrations.

the federal irrigation experiment has Here we stand, upon the broad However, more than ever this been a huge success. America has shoulders of irrigation with new golden celebration stands as a promdone nothing more profitable in its lands and new opportunities before ise of things to come. That which

existence. us. There is good reason why we has been accomplished is tremenGreat lessons have come from the should celebrate what has been done. dous; the dams and reservoirs are stuexperiment. Engineers have been Although it is well enough that we pendous; the human benefits derived

able to do what was scarcely dreamed celebrate what the pioneers did in are beyond ordinary measure; but

of half a century ago. The legal 1847 and the hard years that followed, those who have studied the subject

problems involved in communities it is equally important to remember and gone into it with vigor know depending upon the irrigation ditch what our government, basing its that that which has been accomhave been discovered, systematized, work upon Mormon experiences, has plished is but a small beginning of and enacted into laws. Agricultural done for reclamation and for the arid that which will follow. They stand

questions of a tremendous variety have and semiarid lands of the country before a vast irrigation age justifying been solved and settled by project to which we belong. all that has been done and all that

engineers and farmers. Power from June 17 last was the fiftieth anniis now being done for future benefits.

Grand Valley Diversion Dam on the Colorado River near Hoover Dam, on the Colorado River, built at a cost of height. Grand Junction—A Grand Valley Project. #156,000,000.00, is 730 feet in—Photograph, Courtesy Deseret News

GRADUATION

to the Youth

pulled punches on the realities of the times and the price necessary to keep success and equilibrium in this modern world.

Although the general tenor of the exercises was one of achievement, personal honor, and faith in an uncertain future, the seniors were in line for some natural forebodings. Each

speaker sounded timely warnings about the world and its current trends.

If any of the graduates were harboring notions of a painless sail through the future, these thoughts were quickly dispelled with the prophetic utterance of Elder Matthew

Cowley of the Council of the Twelve, who said:

You are going out into the world to face problems more perplexing than any that have ever engaged the ingenuity, the genius, and the intelligence of the generations which have preceded you. You are going to hear

of wars, and rumors of wars; you are going

to cry for peace, and there will be no peace; you are going to learn of casualties

of loved ones on the battlefield faraway and these casualties will affect your homes.

They will be casualties which will take the lives of your kith and kin. And the

reason for all this is not too clear. Great

will be the problems which you will have to solve.

Leading the Academic Procession at Brigham Young University ComSensing the tension and restlessness

President are President Stephen June, 1952, mencement, and L Richards

President followed Merlo of the Church's youth, Dr. Harvey L. Ernest L. Wilkinson Clark, Jr., by and J. Reuben

J. Pusey. Taylor, commencement speaker from

Mesa, Arizona, added his say concerning the battles ahead:

filled hour, with a glorious Yes, this is bright and memoriesWhenmen prophetsaddressed andthe othergraduatingwise spaciousexercises. fleldhouseIt was anfor theinspiringgraduatingsight thanksgiving, happy

class of Brigham Young Univerto see graduates, faculty, and memhopes for the future, but it is also a very sity this spring, their messages seemed bers of the board of trustees form the serious and, in some respects, a frightening hour. For tomorrow you walk into

to transcend the confines of the great academic procession and file into the a new world, a world as new and challeng-

Y fleldhouse and extend to the entire milliondollar structure behind a ing as that faced by your pioneer fathers, youth of the Church. background of the sober strains of when they climbed the Rocky Mountains

Moreover, that throng was of such the processional. The university's and marched into the uncharted vastness

cosmopolitan nature that its repre682 graduates occupied a score of of these new valleys.

sentation was coextensive with the rows in the center section of the fieldDr. Taylor observed a tangled and

geography of the Church, for B.Y.U. house, giving the striking impression frustrated world, where people need

students come from 192 of the 193 of a huge black patch polkadotted to relax more and have good clean stakes and represent many missions, with youthful, expectant faces. fun. He cited the astounding amount

fortyseven states of the Union and It was more than a necessary cereof beer, wine, and liquors being conseventeen foreign countries. monious formality full of high orasumed each day as an indication of

Some four thousand five hundred tory burdened with glittering genthe frustrated desires of people seekparents, relatives, and friends of the eralities and flag waving; it was a ing release from tensions and pentup

seniors packed every corner of the hardhitting message full of "unemotions.

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of materialism, in many cases some you to be generous to the Lord, and strict form f 'statism,'rather than rely with yourselves.

on their own sweat and toil and the All the speakers concurred in theMESSAGES divine blessings of heaven. Never necessity for hard work. President

should security be attained at the Wilkinson made this admonition the expense of individual freedom."first step of his charge:

of the Church Nevertheless, the graduates were if that in all humility to I suggest you left panwithout not guideposts—no

to are going ahead get you want to or a you touchstone aceas solutions but

The graduates, many of whom will cataloging of prices to be paid for havethe timesto usewhenthe afterhours,others are missingthe holidays,their be subject to military draft upon success and happiness. opportunities to accomplish what your congraduation, were brought a step Both Elder Cowley and President temporaries are failing to accomplish. Moreof fact, you some which delightful the of possible reality closer to the felt to advise the the over, need miliWilkinson

is that when yet not have experienced, may counseled: Taylor Dr. tary duty. of precious the most one graduates on of working habit the acquire once you

long hours, those attributes in sight of to be the consider some the Lord what little that expect evidence I see can we invigorating. easy and hours become Said Elder Cowley: I gratitude. time. long a the in world for peace

all of adjust your advise you to would fit into to plans the This institution belongs to you because As always in graduation rites the thinking and make national military program. If you will do your obedience to the gospel supports and outgoing scholars are represented by

this you will be less disturbed and better maintains it. Do not forget to honor the some member or members of their

adjusted when the time comes for you to Lord with the substance which you acquire group. And for the first time in the

institution this you go forth from leave. when of school's history the valedictory honors learning. that Because from source and

The fact that the Church's youth that substance God will be able to finance were shared by man and wife, both university, his is destined which to be the of with the highest graduated whom political faced also with vital be would all of universities greatest of its kind, or any honors. of scholastic atforgotten. issues not Some was all in kind, the world.

tention was focused on those groups The two valedictorians, Afton Ash and individuals who would sell the And President Wilkinson added: Orme and Keith M. Orme, rose to

freedomloving peoples of the world the occasion to speak in behalf of into bondage and slavery by having A third price you will have to pay is their fellow students and the youth them accept any of the prevalent thatgratefulof enrichingfor whateveryour youown have.soul by I beingurge of the Church as a whole.

concepts of state paternalism, socialyou to be grateful and appreciative of the Recounting the aims, goals, and asism, or communism. The latter was education that you have been given by pirations of the graduates, Mrs. Orme

depicted as the devil's counterfeit for the tithepayers f this Church. Many of offered the heartfelt thanks of the

the United Order. you may not know that the amount that group to the parents, to the Church,

for the most prized Warned President Ernest L. Wilyouonly paya fractionfor tuitionof the andcost offeesyourrepresentseducaand to the school kinson, "Don't forget, there have been tion. possession they own—a testimony to

two hundred community experiments The fourth price of real success is to the truthfulness of the gospel of in this country in communism and learn to be unselfish with your talents and Jesus Christ. "We have studied it for

socialism, and they have all failed. your means. One of the best ways of doourselves,"she said, "and we have

... been inspired by great men. We are the We forget that over twenty civilizasoing thatthis othersis to nevermay forsakebe able theto habitenjoy

tions have come and gone because same blessings as you have here enjoyed. now armed, not only for life, but

they came to worship the false god In the application of that principle, I urge also for eternity."

Brigham Young University Graduating Class, June 1952

AUGUST 1952 581 probable that there were other units of the organization besides the one at Salem. It is quite likely that MEICHIZEDEK Abraham's people formed one of

these units and that they were prefaithful"himself. The fact that Ring of Salem sided over by the "father of the

Abraham could muster three hunConclusion dred and eighteen warriors would indicate that there were several by Charles E. Haggerty hundred people, including women

and children, in the group. Besides

those in the organized units there

Where did Abraham learn the chizedek ordained Abraham and were a few converts scattered gospel including the doctrine of sent him away."23 The scriptures throughout the whole Palestinean

priesthood and celestial maroffer no evidence contrary to the region; Lot, Abraham's nephew, beriage as implied in Abraham 1:2? view that Abraham was ordained by ing one who lived in Sodom with

Surely his idolatrous relatives did Melchizedek in Ur of the Chalhis family.

24not teach him. Whom did he seek dees. Keeper of the Storehouse of God

a misthat he might be ordained to the The Ancient Church—It is prob-—Not only was Melchizedek

priesthood? Melchizedek ordained able that Abraham and his group sionary, but he was a very imhim, so it must also have been Melwent up to Salem to be near portant church official as well. He

chizedek whom Abraham asked for the headquarters of the church, occupied a position wherein he perthe ordination. After receiving the for the saints of every dispensaformed labors similar to those of

gospel and priesthood, Abraham also tion have been commanded to the bishops of today, he "... belifted his voice against the wickedgather, and this must have been ing the high priest, and the keeper

ness of the people, and for this opno exception. 25 Some may be of the storehouse of God; him whom

position the idolatrous priests sought astounded by the statement that God had appointed31 to receive tithes his life. The experiences related there was a Church of Jesus Christ for the poor."(Italics ours.) He

above happened before he left Chalupon the earth before his advent; was not a bishop, but he may have

dea, and before he received the yet this fact is conspicuous in the been the "high priest"who precovenant that he should be a "father Book of Mormon in which the sided over the church in that area.

of nations."names, Christ, Christians, and We do not know what office he

The Prophet Joseph Smith seems Church of God were used centuheld, but we do know that he acted to have held the same opinion exries before the nativity. In this orin the authority of the High Priestpressed above. ganization were such prominent hood and not the Aaronic Order.

leaders as Abraham; Elias, who Melchizedek Blesses Abraham—

to says Melchizedek, Abraham I believe in 1 836 restored to Joseph Smith At this time the cities of Sodom and all hast that thou taught me concerning the of dispensation the keys Zeboim, of and Gomorrah, Admah, priesthoodthe of the Son and the coming 26

Esaias involved in Bela a Abraham; andof ) were ( or Zoar ordained so Melchizedek Abrawho was Man;

rejoiced sent him and away.ham Abraham blessed rebellion against Chedorlaomer, and through of Abraham

priesthood.saying, a I have Now the Priesthood king of Elam, deHoly they had 22 whom whom

Because of the animosity of the scended to Moses. served for twelve years. ChedorlaoChaldeans, Abraham fled from Ur At that time the gospel was upon mer with his 32 allies, Amraphel,

with all those who were in accord the earth in a greater fulness than king of Shinar; Arioch, king of

with him. His company settled for many realize. The priesthood gave Ellaser;33 and Tidal, king of na-

a period in Haran where his father, men the authority and keys to pertions, swept into Palestine smiting

Terah, died; then Abraham and Lot form for the living all those ordithe small kingdoms as they came.

departed to Canaan with all the nances we officiate in today. There The five kings of the plain met

"souls that we had won in Haran."was, however, no work for the Chedorlaomer in the "vale of ShidHow did they win souls? Undoubtdead until after the resurrection of dim"and were defeated. The inedly, by teaching the gospel. The Christ. Perhaps it would not be vading allies sacked Sodom and

pronoun "we"indicates that others too great an assumption to say that Gomorrah and carried away some besides Abraham were active in the all those ordinances necessary for prisoners, among whom was Lot.

ministry. They exercised that funcentrance into the celestial kingdom Upon being informed of what

tion of priesthood which is to preach were given to worthy saints before had happened, Abraham with his the Word of God to all men. the time28 of Christ as well as aftermen and his confederates or allies,

In all probability these men ward. The Prophet Joseph20 Smith Aner, Eschol, and Mamre, purpreached only because they were implied that Abraham received sued and defeated the invading

commissioned for that labor by these ordinances, for he has entered kings. Upon his return from the

someone who held the keys of the into his exaltation30 as have also battle Abraham was met by the priesthood. Whether that presiding Isaac and Jacob. jubilant inhabitants of the Jordan

official was Melchizedek or some There is no way of determining Valley. Melchizedek was among

other patriarch is not recorded, but how extensive the membership of the group, and he blessed Abraham it is significant to know that "Melthe church was, but it is highly (Continued on page 598) 582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA keyrille - famous MILESo.

Picturesque Bingham, four miles long and one street wide, begins at

Frogtown and runs along the hot-1 torn of the canyon upward to Dinkeyville, overlooking the vast

Utah Copper mine. a mountain

girded road dotted with the homes of typical American people. The

road is"so narrow it is said dogs must wag their tails up and down instead of sidewise!

Four miles.. but figuratively

this winding road stretches away in every direction, serving the homes in every area of our state.

For here is a community of employees who help produce 30% of the nation's new copper.

The residents along this unique street are industrious families, devoted to their jobs, proud of their skills, grateful for churches, schools and recreation centers they help to build and support.

Four miles.. the four miles that

give access to Utah Copper—

whose payrolls, tax payments and supply purchases help build a better

Utah that benefits us all.

Frogtown to Dinkeyville, four famous miles... locale of an industrial achievement that has helped

make Utah great.

UTAH COPPER DIVISION KENNECOTT COPPER CORPORATION A Good Neighbor Helping t o Build Belter Utah

AUGUST 1952 583 TIHI E JX <?<Az\sCt4&fe

THE "HISTORICAL Smith and the truthfulness of his claim according to one author: "(1) A group

RECOLLECTIONS"OF that he saw an angel who in turn reof individuals bound together by friendGASPAR ANTONIO CHI vealed the resting place of the Book of ship ties, who meet regularly and have

An Early Sourceaccount of Mormon. As the author states: "The a close enough relationship to each

Ancient Yucatan book of Ether) like First Nephi, rings other that each influences every other (Edited and translated by Dr. M. Wells the bell much too often to represent the member of the group and in turn is

Jakeman, Brigham Young University, marksmanship of a man shooting at raninfluenced by others. (2) A leader who

Provo, Utah. 1952. 45 pages.) dom in the dark."This is a book that is not a member of the group but who

/"* aspar Antonio Chi, who lived in the should be in every Latterday Saint participates in its activities and has a seventeenth century, A. D., was a home.—M. C. /. close enough relationship to it to be

native of Yucatan who accepted Chrisable to exert an influence on the group tianity. In answering governmental THE GLORY OF OUR WEST and its individual members. (3) The

questions he set forth much information See the West in Natural Color use of his influence, by the leader, to concerning the lives and beliefs of the (Foreword by Joseph Henry Jackson. direct the interacting process toward

people of ancient Yucatan, such as their Doubleday & Co., Inc., Garden City, democratic goals."Although some terms

early history, especially of Chichen Itza, N. Y. 1952. Ill pages. $2.95.) used in the book may seem foreign to

the ancient city of Itzamal, the coming "Cifty fullcolor photographs are inChurch group leaders, there is enough the indicate to meaning context in the diet foodof Quetzalcoatl, the and of *- this descripin book, eluded with is one book words. these of even The their of extent the early people,the thirtyfive writers. tive commentaries by to enlightenment give will that education, tombs,population, pyramid

is delightful to a one book The own /. C. lead those who beliefs, religious andtheir cosmogony, muchyouth.—M. for will incentive prove the an and

many other interesting subjects. The possessor to see for himself the places

intelligent Latterday Saint finds rundepicted. The area includes points in STORYETTES

ning through the "recollections"the eleven Far Western states, in addition (Albert L. Zobell., Jr. Bookcraft, Salt

doctrines and practices of the gospel of to Mount Rushmore in South Dakota, Lake City. 1952. 141 pages. $1.00.)

Christ perverted through the darkJesus stories will the of pertinent in Texas: collection Alamo, and three spots Thiscenturies. Big Bend. Mountains, Guadalupe and reading and good enjoyable make

Dr. Jakeman has done weH to bring This is truly a book to treasure. material for pointed illustrations for

to light this halfforgotten document—M. C. /. speeches or classwork. Their pithiness

since Latterday Saints are deeply interwill enhance the concrete punch needed facts inested any dependable work. lesson These are a welcome UNITED STATES IN for about THE

publiAmerica. Such excellentancient volume, to addition its companion The LITERATURE

are welcomed by them.cations as this has Storyteller's which Scrapbook, (Robert C. Pooley, Walter Blair, TheowrittenBeautifully and printed, Stories from our Church Scott, proved popular. Hornberger, it is dore Farmer. Paul

of productiona most acceptable as well included, are as many the deForesman & Co., New York. 1952. 736 leaders

of of archaeology Brighampartment of variety great from a that have come pages. $3.72.)

department University. TheYoung C. /. kinds of HP he two parts of this book deal with sources.—M. do all expected tocannot be A The Pageant of American Life andarchaeological research but can do such

occasional studies as the one in this The Pageant of American Literature, THE SILVER CHALICE pamphlet and bring together such proofs and under each of these two big sections (Thomas B. Costain. Doubleday & Comof the gospel claims through work done are several units of study. An unusual pany, Inc., Garden City, New York.

pages. $3.85.) 1952. 533 in this book has been made A. W. approacheverywhere.—/. that in of literature the authors of historical novels has his author have nn

LEHI IN THE DESERT AND included some of the current or modern * made history come to life in this

THE WORLD OF TFIE JAREDITES writers who wrote about the earlier story of early Christian times. Remi-

(Hugh Nibley. Bookcraft, Salt Lake times, as well as some of the writers niscent of such books as Road to BithynCity. 1952. 141 pages. $2.00.) who were experiencing the events. Thus ia, Quo Vadis, The Robe, and The

HPhese powerful studies of two of the book becomes doubly interesting. Big Fisherman, the book deals with

-* the books in the Book of Mormon One particularly commendable feature the conversion to Christianity of Basil will afford much opportunity to the perof the book is the inclusion after each of Antioch, a young, skilful silversmith.

son desirous of study to learn how the unit of a list of additional books which Into the fabric of the story are woven the book of Mormon fits into the Old World can be read for increased knowledge threads of history and romance which pattern. of the field discussed and the area dehave warranted the choice of the book

In these studies, Dr. Nibley has called picted.—M. C. /. by the Literary Guild. The good of

on authorities: geographers, historians, Joseph of Arimathea, Deborra, together

Biblical scholars, travelers, whose exREADINGS IN GROUP WORK with the Apostles of Jesus overbalance periences and knowledge indicate that (Edited by Dorothea F. Sullivan. Asthe evil wrought by Simon the Magician,

the Book of Mormon is true to itself sociation Press, New York. 438 pages. Helena, and Nero.

and to the area from which the char- $4.50.) The author states that he has always

acters migrated. o leaders of youth this book will open been curious about the fate of the cup

Through these studies Dr. Nibley, by many doors to understanding those from which Christ drank at the Last

letting the authorities speak for themwho need leadership. The three essenSupper. This book portrays his anselves, has proved the integrity of Joseph tial ingredients of group work are, swer to that question.—M. C. J.

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I supposed "Am

to be glad you're big?"

Many people write US such comments as this: "I've heard

people talk against big companies like you. Lately Fve been

reading your statements about bigness. Am I supposed to be

glad you're big?"

The answer to this question depends on your answer to certain others. "Big business"often gets the blame for

many things, so that some people have come to feel that bigness itself may be bad. But in making up your own mind

on this proposition, it's well to consider the good that comes from this same bigness.

Are you glad you have the conveniences of this "machine age?"They depend heavily on oil. You're assured an

Do you like a bargain? You're getting one in gasoline. ample supply of oil by the enterprise of big companies like

Except for taxes, gasoline today costs just about what it did Standard. We seek out new crude reserves, in this country

in 1925. (And it's better gas; 2 gallons now do work that and abroad, with exploration that may cost millions before

then took 3.) Why? Largely because of competition among the first gallon is found.

big oil companies.

Do you like new and better things? Standard has spent Do you want to keep your country strong? It takes

over $35,000,000 on research and technical service in the big companies to back our fighting men and keep defense last 5 years, developing new or improved products, and new goods in full supply. Standard is at work for our government

raw materials for other companies. Yet only when allowed on aviation gasolines, atomic research, synthetic rubber,

to grow big, by serving you better, can we take on the work and other vital projects.

and risk involved.

Obviously, there are countless ways to express the benefits you gain by our bigness...

countless questions we could ask, to which you'd probably answer "yes"just as readily.

And if you like the things that bigness brings, then you can be glad we're big.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

AUGUST 1952 585 "...Be Thou An Example..."

(Continued from page 575) read in chorus by a group of Mia

Maids, Junior Gleaners, and Gleaners from the Salt Lake stakes, was highlighted by the reading of Lynn A.

McKinlay and Marilyn Reese and by the musical arrangements of Seldon

Heaps. Elder Matthew Cowley of

the Council of the Twelve finished the festival with his eloquent answer to "Shall America Fulfil Her Destiny"?

He spoke of the "leaven of righteousness"exemplified that very night in the expressions of faith and devotion of the young people, which might be instrumental in saving the nation.

The allChurch M. I. A. relays were

run off in the stadium preceding the dance festival. They included a 400TWOFISTED JOURNALISM yardshuttle relay won by Temple

View, Salt Lake, and the 440 yardTwo-fisted journalism is essential to the national welfare relay around the track in which in these dangerous times. The trouble with twofisted journalMesa, Arizona, took the honors.

ism is that it often means Yellow Journalism—vicious and irreThe day finished with the mamsponsible. moth dance festival with its charming

graceformations, beautiful costumes, in "twofisted"believes being when circumFORTNIGHT its all most of dances, and it about. ful stances knows what it's talking warrant and when of 6000 participation tremendous

We pick our enemies (causes and individuals alike) with care; dancers, 2900 in the girls'dance

then seek to expose them within strict limitations of fair play alone. This number, of course, does

and good taste. not make for professional perfection,

This is no easy assignment. but it does make for joy and spirited

Judging from correspondence with readers and from the fellowship. The bowing of thousands

fact that FORTNIGHT is now the fastest growing magazine of young heads in prayer before they in the nation, our particular kind of "twofisted journalism"marched on to the field, the sense of of on row as row controlled delight seems to be widely appreciated.

faces, pretty gowns, breezefluttered

Perhaps you have friends who would appreciate FORTand striding escorts, each individual

NIGHT as much as you do. Here is a handy subscription and group determined to do its best

coupon. all added to the sublime mountain

setting, the raising and lowering of the stars and stripes, and the moments of solemn prayer, and made it an unfor the 35,000 Fortnight forgettable experience

California's Own Newsmagazine who were fortunate enough to obspent—atain seats. dayIt offinishedgratitudea dayto wellour

1 Heavenly Father.

FORTNIGHT breakfastsSaturday andbeganmeetingswith fornumerousstake

Los Angeles 46, California workers. Chief among these was the

Master M Men Breakfast at the StarGentlemen: lite Gardens, Hotel Utah, where three

were M Men awards stirfor his i iW Please enter a subscription for the undersigned for Honorarygiven—to MasterAlfred Durham

2 years, $5.00 1 year, $3.00 5 years, $10.00 ring music to the famous rally song of

the M. I. A. "Carry On,"—to Lowell

Name - L. Bennion for his inspired counseling of the youth of the Church both

Address at the University of Utah institute and also through his manuals for

Elder LeGrand A.,—to the M. I. City & Zone - - State influence for his inspiring Richards

(Continued on page 588) 586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA acclaimed by women from coast to coast!

now exclusively in the Deseret News

Beauty Course

in the "MIDWEEK"

America's most glamorous, most photographed cover girl lets you in on the secrets of her radiant beauty in the greatest beauty course ever offered the women of America through newspapers.

Miss Colby's 29week course includes: beauty,

charm, personality, makeup, exercise... everything, to help you become more beautiful.

Barbara Bell's Pattern Service in the Family Section Daily

Barbara Bell has designed a way for you to making a pleasure and you'll be delighted have a fashionable wardrobe even if you're a with the stunning fashions offered daily. See

beginner or inexperienced seamstress Barbara Bell's pattern in every day's Family

Her easy to understand patterns make dressSection!

THE /MOUNTAIN WEST '5 fkK&O N E W S P A P t R

AUGUST 1952 587 "...BE THOU AN EXAMPLE..."

(Continued from page 586) were particularly grateful for the conSISALKRAFT andyouth,valiantin the supportChurch. of the cause of sultationtermed theperiod"solid"andnaturefor ofwhatthe theyhelp

Practical, downto-earth help, exgiven.

planation, guidance were given at the Saturday was climaxed by the Reinforced department work sessions on Saturthrilling song festival in which it is a lunches available were happier, the question was made who Building day—wherefor the various groups, all sesor and congregation enthusiastic vast and

sions were appearance marked by the and happy the thousand young Paper of and help authors the who had presingers. resounded; The heavens

pared the lessons for the year. Those mountains shouted; and even the

who attended the Saturday sessions (Continued on page 590)

o5in Lunalndam6 andam

RICHARD L. EVANS

ceut6elfr cjotc As season,each seasonwe becomeclosesawareto be thatfollowedlife is bya serieseach successiveof scenes

Somecommencements. closing curtains and separated byFARM BETTER obvious are formally as on times these commencements

MAKE MORE fa. academic occasions, but sometimes we step almost imperceptibly from scene to scene. The hours move; the days - M

MONEY cspass; and the years add up, no matter what part we are perplay in time's passing is the tl forming; and the only part we

purpose to which we put it. We can waste it or use it well.

The great strength of this We can fill it full or leave it empty and idle. We can use

tough, sisal reinforced, waterit for the right things or use it for the wrong things—but we

can't "save"time, for it always passes at its own pace. Someproofed, double kraft sheet times we let the best years for practice and preparation slip

with asphalt binding, as shown by, and perhaps most of us who are older have realized later above, has helped thousands in life that some things would have been much easier if of farmers to do many jobs we had done them when we were younger, for with increasing years and increasing responsibilities more and more we better, at lower cost. are crowded into living life with less and less time for preparing to live life. And it can be difficult and discouraging

when we are supposed to play a part for which we have tyou eUtueUfi need neglected to prepare. We say this not so much for us who

are older but mostly for you who are younger, for you who have come to important commencements. We say it because SISALKRAFT in looking back we can sometimes see how much time we

fin t6ete jdUf wasted in doing things that didn't mean much, and how much of what we yet have to do could have been done easier

SILOS earlier.along theAndway inthatmakingif we chooseour choicesto do wesomemustthings,rememberwe chooseall

SILO DOORSEALS nowin effectknowto passit, timeup otheris too thingsshort becauseto do everything.here in life Theseas we

is SILO COVERS recurringthe very essencecommencementsof all our mayopportunities,well remindanduswethathadtimebetter easier to earlier that things are the do earlier, if we would HAYSTACK COVERS do late. lives living just a little too avoid our

Ask your Friendly lumber Dealer

Jhe Spoken lA/ord from temple square

MORRISON -MERRILL & CO. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Building Material Distributors SYSTEM, ]UNE 1, 1952 205 NO. 3rd WEST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. Copyright, 1952

BOISE, TWIN FAUS, POCATtLLO, IDAHO "NO, NEVADA

588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I unctimal

.:'.. '..': ';:...... ';.-...

4&OC& <HAcit&e-<fea't4< ca&t utct&

BLOCKS AND CAST STONE

Attractive appearance and outstanding economy go hand in hand in rhe fine churches and schools built with Buehner concrete products... durable

Buehner Blocks in smooth honed and textured finishes for interior and exterior walls... sparkling Buehner Cast Stone for beauty accents around

entrances and windows, on steeples, columns and other ornamental details. itv

CO. OTTO BUEHNER & BLOCK CO. BUEHNER 10!$0

LHiti Architectural Concrete Motonry Stone Cast CONCRETE PRODUCTS Wilmington South 3800 640 Weir Tempi* Ave.

materials and other building; y

AUGUST 1952 589 "...BE THOU AN EXAMPLE..."

(Continued from page 588) music committee and all connected risers at the tabernacle for the Taberrafters of the glorious old tabernacle with the production were turned to nacle choir broadcast—was another

sang for joy as another triumphant her in applause and gratitude. Elder day on which the weather smiled.

musical memory was etched on its Roy M. Darley at the organ, Kathryn Skies were clear, day not too hot, and

timbers and leather thongs and great Fairbanks at the piano, as well as at the meeting for which the great arches. Sister Jessie Evans Smith Elvis Terry, Ruth Funk, and Craw- M. I. A. membership had looked forsang the small but exquisite solo part ford Gates, directors, came in for their ward—-the nine a.m. session under the

of the Angelic Choir with the same full and deserved share of acclaim. direction of the First Presidency

perfection and artistry that she would And the second day had passed with enthusiasm and joy was at its peak.

have lavished on a performance 'of thanksgiving and praise. This was a memorable session. In

greater length. The hearts of the Sunday—with thousands of early the absence of President McKay,

President Richards presided and con- '—p7;,:.; ducted the session. The music was

furnished by the Tabernacle choir, and the speakers delivered choice and helpful messages to the assembled

M. I. A. leaders. Sister Reeder and

Elder Curtis bore testimony to their knowledge of the truthfulness of the gospel and the joy that was theirs in service to the M. I. A. Elder EIRay

L. Christiansen spoke of the force for

good which operated "probably beyond our realization"in the M. I. A.

He quoted the late Bishop Marvin O.

Ashton in his suggestion "That it is better to plant grass than forever to scrap weeds."He said that it was

the object of our existence to give—"toyoung gopeopleon inopportunitythe way of toperfection,progress

so that in time we may become fit candidates qualified to enter into the celestial kingdom of heaven."He

told of the fine influence young people can have in the armed services or wherever they may be in encouraging clean speech, in frowning on filthy stories. His final impressive statement was, "Remember that the job

that is the most important to you and to me, is the one that we are called to do at the moment."

Elder Moyle spoke of the necessity of young people learning to work that it was far more important that

that others themselves than and for for them. "Faith others do things An Invitation To the U young people learn to do things for

planning, It takes preparation study to and realize those for dreams the without works is dead,"he said. future. The University of Utah offers unexcelled opportunities of the one and

finest faculty groups in America. Colleges of instruction include: Education, En- "None of us has an enduring faith

gineering, Medicine, Business, Law, Mining, Fine Arts, Pharmacy, UniverNursing, exhibit except as faith that by we sity College along with the Graduate School, Graduate School of Social also of the spoke Work works."necesHe fields. other and

See what the University offers YOU! sity for harmonious and cooperative

work between the various auxiliaries

General registration /w52=S\. information and fall and seminaries, institutes, and instituSept 2526 /v?SW*\

of learning of the "!3 Church. ue wH,e ffi f *e tions register.. Freshmen Sept. 27 llpK President. b iJ=5"'F Class starts Sept. work 29 President Fielding Smith Joseph \}SJ J

made the observation that with all our activities and social events if we fail to teach the gospel and instil the testimony in the hearts of young people we have failed in everything.

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He pleaded for a more earnest study His sight than all the earth and the verse. We must express ourselves

of the scriptures, for the seeking of fulness thereof."He spoke of the through spirit if we would save the

individual testimonies. "Let us learn way that God had "blueprinted"his flesh."

the truth. Let us make ourselves plan of salvation, had insured that Elder Lee called attention to the

more familiar with the Bible, with everyone everywhere should know of purpose of the M. I. A. to build testithe Doctrine and Covenants, the it, "For there is no eye that shall not mony. He also made the point that

Pearl of Great Price, and the Book of see, neither ear that shall not hear, one could not gain a testimony withMormon."neither heart that shall not be peneout adopting the virtues noted in the

The last speaker, President Clark, trated."He spoke of the missionary theme of the year, that the theme and

representing the First Presidency, work and power that youth can exert the purpose worked hand in hand.

spoke of the responsibility of those in the world in the armed forces He warned against a false concept of placing moral cleanwho work with youth for imbuing in every situation "the musician exvalues—against

youth with the desire to keep in mind presses himself through tunes; the liness second to the Word of Wisdom

the great objectives of the Church artist through colors, the poet through (Concluded on page 593) to spread the gospel, to build up the

Church so that we may spread the gospel, and to work for the salvation of the dead. He retold the story

of the farm hand whose avowedqualification was that he could "sleep VtfTH when the wind blew."His employer

found that the reason he could sleep was because he had prepared for heavy wind by repairing buildings,securing locks, fastening the hay sewura* curely. He knew his preparations

were good so that even in a storm he could "sleep when the wind blew."

Careful preparation and firm faith were his formula for peace of mind a formula which all of us might follow.

The afternoon session, a conference of Latterday Saint youth, was built on the theme of the 1952 year "... be thou an example of the believers.... 'A six hundred voice

chorus of Scouts, Bee Hive girls, and

Mia Maids from the northern part of the Salt Lake area and also from

North and South Davis stakes under the direction of Miriam Y. Farnsworth and George I. Cannon contributed not only to the musical

warmth and joy of the occasion but also reinforced the narrative message read so ably by Joseph Kjar and

Kathleen McLatchy. Appropriate It's always a thrill to step up to the bat and connect with

tableaus exemplified the message of a timely hit, packed with power. It's a thrill too, to get

the the couyoung readers—notably for top gives you the Utoco gasoline which full power

ple to looking temple forward maris Right Utoco now, car performance. motor summer riage Eagle twentyseven and the

Scouts in one Payson ward, several of seasonized for hot weather, which means the power elethem fathers and sons. ments are emphasized in our production at the refinery.

If your car is in good condition, you should glide up the hills no "vaporlock"—with Richards LeGrand Authorities—ElderThree speakers from the General for powerpacked trouble just—asbecauseif they weren'tUtoco isthereespecially and Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve, and President J. smooth, rugged performance on the open highway, and

Reuben Clark, Jr. of the First Presiover mountain and canyon roads.

dency, concluded the meeting. Elder

Richards spoke of the great worth of souls, quoting President Rudger Claw-... with utoco! son as saying that "The soul of one of these children is more precious in UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

AUGUST 1952 591 ma in tie Wi.IVIQS f

RICHARD L. EVANS

Tt sometimes seems that we are waiting for some better time to begin, for some tranquil time that doesn't come, for some starting point that is superior to the present; and we

often hesitate to build, hesitate to prepare, hesitate to commit ourselves to any future plan or purpose because we don't know exactly what we can count on. We tend to mark

time as if we were players waiting for an entrance, waiting for a cue that doesn't come, waiting in the wings when we should be playing our part. Sometimes we seem to be waiting to be free from worry, free from anxiety, free from uncertainty; but if we always waited—and if all other men

had always waited—to be free from unforeseen eventualities,

the world would always have waited wherever it was, and progress would have been impossible. Part of this waiting

is caused by fear of the future; part of it perhaps is caused

by the pleasant pastime of procrastination. But whatever

the cause, it loses irreplaceable time. No one could ever

count on long periods of carefree tranquility. Problems

present themselves in a personal way even when there are no acute public problems. As one of the old philosophers

ance?"—addedasked, "Where todo whichyou thinkwe mightyou couldask: liveWherewithoutor whendisturbdo

you think you could have lived without problems? Where

or when do you think you could have lived without making difficult decisions? Where or when do you think you could

have made a success of anything without earnestly entering in? There is no time that we know of that could be said

to be certain so far as the future is concerned. There is no

investment of time or money, of property or preparation that isn't founded in part on faith. And if we had to know

everything right now or if we are waiting for some picture of perfection before we begin, we shall find that we have

Bind Your waited in the wings while the scenes have been shifted and the parts have been played, and our own time for performImprovement Eras ance has passed. This is our generation, our time, our opif we for Reference portunity. True, it isn't all we wish it were. But

don't make plans and pursue substantial purposes, we shall never complete our plans. And to refuse to enter earnestly

Preserve your Improvein, to refuse to prepare and to perform is as foolish and ment Era copies by having fruitless as waiting off stage in the wings when we are supthem bound into permanent posed to be playing our part.

yearly volumes. You'll find

them excellent reference sources for your family, and Uke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE they are a proud addition PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING to any library. Quality SYSTEM, JUNE 8, 1952 Copyright, 1952

workmanship and materials will make these volumes last a lifetime.

.Vs 2K The cost is just $3.00 per volume

(F.O.B. Salt Lake City; postpaid, add

30c. Canada and other foreign

countries add 75c.)

Save your Eras and send them for binding to

by wended 8eom Deseret News Press

A T t H FOR INfAHTUE PARALYSIS I HI. N ft T I OS A t r Oil H

#8 South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah 592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and to the thousands of participants "...BE THOU AN EXAMPLE..."thanks for themes, prayers. Especially

(Concluded from page 591) the splendid editorial in The Deseret we give thanks to our Heavenly his help we areand of the necessity of youth fortifyNews of Thursday, June 12, which, Father—"without

ing itself against the tests of this parquoting in part, said: nothing,"but with his help we are

all equal to our assignments madeticular generation. spirit of I. A. M. The is bigness—in our callings. and of spirit I. A. M. Clark's comforting mes-... The President is excellence—inpart.

... spirit In comraderie. in part is The in the part. to the youngsage men was

is is spirit the spirit instruction. the part And years service themilitary two and Especially the inspiration. and testimony

which must be spent in this service. spirit of M. I. A. is service. It is the months These Times

He counseled them that the two years of exhausting preparation that general execu- (Concluded from page 554) time is short and that if they would tives and general boards have devoted to this effort to build a United States of Europe, that, conference. more—than More—much marriage FrenchWest German a live prinby their the standardskeep

faith of it selflessness is thousands and the is sucauspices, AngloAmerican under clean,ciples of left I. their leaders have A. of gospel—beingand who M.

just short cessful. something It has been neverhonest, to families their would and and jobs come have and thechaste—they

is, the wedding. That "shotgun"of a better servants Salt City to become Lakemiss years the be but two would

hoisted, were but they not were guns the youth. unsalaried servants—tostronger of them. because He told

the extent, this the I. A. conference available. is but For the new M. To

truths unchangeablethem of the real instrucreal service, the of climax. The stands Defense Community Europeanlife—the verities on which they could tion, the real comraderie, the real inspiraon a "scientific"basis: the implied use

rely, that they, not their parents or tion has been given through the years in of force and violence lies behind it.

It of stakes the Church. the and wards save themselves. else, mustanyone force its beyond object is to move But

last leaders is there that devoted 40,000 the gospel, to live by understand the ancient of settlement peacefulTo to a recreational administered to the year and it, to gain a testimony was the imspiritual needs of more than 200,000 young controversies of the European nationportant thing. His final plea was to people, and there that untold leaders found state system, in fact, to replace the

"count your blessings, do not count the wealth of spirit to be had in service ancient European nationstate system your ills, forget them, and then be and sacrifice. with the beginnings of larger, broaderis system. hope federal There based,valiant in the cause of truth."(See editorial that our thanks to We give there there's hope, must here; while andpage 568.) spirit of writer the caught who as if the it looks baby although be life;

And thus the M. I. A. June confer- M. I. A. We give our thanks to the will have a long, hard struggle for surence for 1952 ended on President General Authorities who gave of vival. But, as birth is a miracle, so are

Clark's glorious promise and blessing. themselves so richly during this conadolescence and maturity. These times

June conference this year bears out ference. Thanks to the committees can use a few miracles!

"The heritage of every child (Pajcuasl from Guidance Experts beautiportrays The CHILD'S WORLD their in pictures fully and story basic over"Childrenthe materialare findingthat shoulda greatbedealthe heritageof pleasureof everyin poringwell cultural heritage. sibilityeducatedof child.havingCHILD'Ssuch a heritage."WORLD assures every child the pos-

—Ralph M. Stolzheise, M.D.

From the day a child is born his mental welfare is influenced, even Neuropsychiatry and Child Guidance sights unawares, sympathetic world's introducby the and sounds. A for "Please enter order sets nine our of CHILD'S more tion to vital cultural is the to the heritage the world responsibility

purin This sets previously to the ten addition of WORLD. each parent, teacher.... and each

- chased."supplementary - - "theseis invaluable are books as

in the Elementary work THE CHILD'S can of part Helps this burden. assume WORLD eager minds to materialgrades."and excellent for remedial travel orbit, science. domestic literature, real simple beyond their with

Supt. A. Galloway,—R.

with to a child's from familiar beginnings REASONING comCommunity more PROGRESSING CampUnitPoint,DistrictIII. No. 3 viewpoint has been the plex realities, these of six volumes ageless become

WORLD.total effort of CHILD'S aid and benefit. a"Fromcity myschoolexperiencesuperintendent,as a teacher,and statea countryhigh superintendent,school superLOW PRICE visor,plan ofI guidancehave seenandnothinghelp."—whichE. T. Dunlap,promisesChairmanso wonderful a

EASY TERMS Your Child CommitteeDeserves onthe Education,Benefit ofStateour ofNEWOklahoma

Child Guidance Program and educational helps through elementary grades.

,-**-. Handsomely Bound

DuPont Fabricoid Binding Large Readable Type

Extra Strong Backbone Beautifully Illustrated '/ High Quality Enamel Paper Cross Reference Index

Send for DETAILS and FREE Sample Page

6 volumes THE CHILD'S WORLD, 308 W. Washington St., Chicago

1 Stories of Childhood 4 The World and Its Wonders Send me without obligation full details on how we can 2 People Great Deeds 5 and benefit from THE CHILD'S WORLD. 6 Guide 3 Animal Countries—Indexand Their Children own and Plant and Ways

Name

Address,. CHILD'S WORLD City State

FOR CHILDREN T O READ AND LOVE

AUGUST 1952 593 Daignes SvSQNS&iSNSsi?Lyn yeellna vJow for SuMeli/ed 'ItUiAic Co-.

RICHARD L EVANS

this oboffered Emerson less century ago than a little A of full are serious and of ours times servation: "These

calamity, but all times are essentially alike."1 The statement

may seem somewhat oversimplified, but the very fact of its having been said suggests that in some things all times have some essentials that are the same. In all times people are

most impressed with their own problems; in all times people

see the uncertainties and the difficulties of their own day.

Sometimes in feeling somewhat sorry for ourselves we may suppose that there might have been a better time to live.

But if we were to make a long list of what we have and of what others have had, of the evils of our own time and of others, of the opportunities of our own time and others if we were to take an inventory of any period of the past and compare it with the present and see what we would 7the new have to give up to go back, it isn't at all so certain that we should have as much cause to feel sorry for ourselves as is

No other organs offer so much for sometimes supposed. There is no doubt that we are better

the money... no other organs are

so versatile. Connsonata's richer off in material matters, in conveniences and comforts, than

purely tones are by produced elecwe would have been at other times and places and periods. tronic reeds, blowers means, too. No

or other moving mechanical parts. But even as to other essentials also, as to the opportunity for

Illustrated above is New Model 2D, twomanual, 25note pedal board. living a full and free life, it isn't at all assured that we would

list of reasons Come in for a demonstration or want to go back. We could itemize a long

write for illustrated catalog on why, but in short let it be said that so far as we are aware, the new Connsonata Organ.

there never was an untried, untroubled Utopia. (There was

AVAILABLE IN a serpent who entered even in Eden.) But even if there were,

BLONDE AND MAHOGANY it is not now, and there is no point wasting life waiting for

BOTH SINGLE AND something that might have been yesterday or that may be

TWOMANUAL MODELS tomorrow. Any man who ever lived could have found fault

Daynes Music Co. with his own time, and many of those whom we admire most

and who have done most for mankind lived lives of difficulty and succeeded despite the difficulties of their own day. (For45-47 SouthmmMain, Salt Lake tunately, some of them didn't know that there were some

145 North University, Provo things that couldn't be done and so did them anyway—which

may suggest to us an approach to the solving of some of our own problems.) It is our opportunity to live now, and one

of the last things we should do is to feel sorry for ourselves, because even if we had the opportunity to change everything wouldn't probably are, have and we

all period in all, LOS ANGELES weplaces, any with of the past—evenwillingly thoughchange

there are many things we should like to improve in our own present. LANKERSHIM

- in the 1R. W. Emerson: Lecture on Public and Private Education, Boston, Nov. 27, 1864.

center of Jke Spokenjpoiien i/i/v\Jordofa from temple square

Rooms with bath from $3.50 PRESENTED OVER KSLKSL ANDAND THETHE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, JUNE 15, 1952 SEVENTH AND BROADWAY Copyright, 1952

E. P. "Al"ALFORD

Gen. Mgr. 594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA jrthood

also to our present prophet, seer, and revelator, President David O. McKay. TEACHERS OF MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

It is this dynamic faith which

DOCTRINE CLASSES serves as a motivating force in teaching. Regardless of how learned a

teacher may be, how extensive his the July issue of The Improveand is at heart a natural teacher. vocabulary, or how profound his

INment Era suggestions were made Suggestions to the teachers: To be philosophical or scientific training, if

regarding "Melchizedek Priesthood a teacher in a Melchizedek Priesthood he does not have a sincere faith in

Weekly Doctrine Classes."All groups doctrine class is one of the most imthe facts heretofore mentioned, his

or quorums of high priests, seventies, portant callings that could come to a teachings become shallow and lifeand elders were instructed to hold man. More than a hundred years less. Insincerity or lack of faith on

their own separate classes weekly for ago, when God was restoring the true the part of the teacher can immethe purpose of studying the gospel, gospel to earth through the Prophet diately be recognized by the class and they were told to follow careJoseph Smith, he announced that "a members; and that lack of faith in

fully the prescribed course of study. marvelous work was about to come the teacher has the effect of killing

Bishoprics were instructed to provide forth among the children of men,"faith in those who are being taught.

the Melchizedek Priesthood classes and declared in several revelations Remember the warning given by the with at least fortyfive minutes each that the greatest and most worthSavior: "It were better for him that

week to be devoted to the study of while work that any one could be en- a millstone were hanged about his the gospel and were advised not to gaged in was to declare the plan of neck, and he be cast into the sea, than infringe on that time. salvation to mankind. Therefore, any that he should offend one of these

is fortunate enough to be little ones."It is the purpose of this short article man who

to give a few suggestions regarding appointed to teach a Melchizedek Each man who serves as a teacher the teachers and also to the teachers Priesthood class has the stupendous in a Melchizedek Priesthood doctrine of the Melchizedek Priesthood docresponsibility of guiding class memclass should be in heart and soul, trine classes. bers along the pathway of light and in every speech and act, the very

leads one truth, a which pathway faith caused that of which essence teacher: quorum the Selecting The of to the presence God. back to ancestors Saint Latterday our in consultation withpresidencies

faith, abiding a deep and Without to driven persecutions, suffer from be of select teachers the shouldbishops fail calling as his a in a would man to five or times, four their and homes care. great classestheir The with

class. in a priesthood teacher And a thoumigrate than more westward in as teacher a qualifiedbest man of focal center the be should what establish miles empire an and sand asbe or should groupeach quorum

It in faith the faith? that be should of the great western the in heart are to Following that work.signed

is that Christ, indeed he Jesus Lord desert.

qualifications that a suggestivea few the of the only world, Savior the and teacher, the through Furthermore, is to assigned should have whoman given heaven whereby under name livrighteous prayer, humility, and Priestof Melchizedek a teacher abe salvation receive can and come men for that ing, subhimself should gain first, class: should doctrine hehood of into the Eternal the presence back is faith powerful lime more which strong a has individualbe who an fact also, that faith the in Creator; or knowledge, wealth, worldly than gospel; of second, the hetestimony

to the appeared the Father and Son position; that exalted through and ability the has ashould be who man that apProphet through and boy will force a motivating faith come of instil the hearts the faith into

last dispensathe pearance opened will his cause those teaching in which place holderspriesthood not and all in faith of again, gospel; tion the for to instructs a he know whom third, skepticism doubt; hethere and

of have the words come which God is proclaiming that the surety he will person studious a beshould who of holy the the to us through mouths is life, of a eternal that he words of the preparation thoroughmake of prophets Father days the from light of truth that teacher which andlessons; fourth, a deshould be he

to the Prophet Joseph, and Adam to joy those everlasting brings who priestwill attendpendable man who hood meeting every time or have accept it.

a substitute teacher (wellprepared) Last but not least in importance, a

fifth, Priesthood teacher not attend; in case Melchizedekthere can of a he

is issues all truth a fact; A fact is living class should keep be should all the commandhe who a man truth; of the forth the Fountain from

gospel so his teachings will be by and the sciences are facts as far ments proclaimed in the restored gospel of Jesus Christ in order that hisexample as well as by precept and as men have proved them*—Brigthereby be effective in the lives of ham Young. teachings might ring true and be efthe priesthood holders; sixth, he fective in the lives of the class memshould be a man who loves teaching bers.

AUGUST 1952 595 Preaiarog

Duties of Aaronic Priesthood Quorum Adviser

*ipHE Aaronic Priesthood quorum adlooking until one is found possessing and participate in the allChurch pro- *- viser is infinitely more important the qualities suggested in both parts of gram for young men. The adviser

in this program than he suspects, and, the word dependability. should take the quorum roll with him

it is feared, than many bishoprics susThe appointment of a leader to the so that he may record the activities pect. The quorum adviser, in too many office of quorum adviser should suggest reported during the visit.

instances, seems to have little vision of immediately that he is a man of honor This particular responsibility of the his responsibilities. In some cases, even and enthusiasm, and that he is deadviser is being seriously neglected. It

presidencies of the Aaronic Priesthood pendable, that he can be relied upon should be given needed attention with look upon the office of quorum adviser to do his full duty under all circumemphasis to overcome this weakness in as one which may be filled if there is stances. our program.

a boy leader left after the rather thread- 4. Visit quorum members in their

bare requests for the appointment of the Duties of Adviser homes and become acquainted with all "best"leaders have been satisfied. of family. the Fathers members and

It error to be attempt an would (1) mothers, often not, appreciate more than all of to of duties itemize the the quoAdviser Live Should this friendly interest in their son and adviser; for exadviser to the rum (2) Teaches as He their give support and encouragement

listed. pect his that all obligations be

The first requirement of the adviser The Lord reminds all of us: which are so vital to our success with

should always be that he live as he is boys.

it I visit behold, advisers For should is not that every meet of Some memberexpected to teach. these pages On

is in all for things; that he in command comthe in his every quorum home month. forThe Improvement Era 1952 June all is things, pelled in slothful the a same Inactive visited freare members morethere appeared the following statement.. servant. not. (D. 58:26.) and a wise & C. quently.which should in always the be mind

of the quorum adviser: Therefore, we list the major responSuccessful advisers always visit their

sibilities of the quorum adviser which quorum members in times of illness,

Whom do you think you deceive when will serve to index his full duties as a misfortune, bereavement, and on all you do not live as you teach? leader of boys. other special occasions where they may

Surely, it is not God, neither your boys. 1. Attend each monthly meeting of be of assistance.

are You the only one deceived when you the ward boy leadership committee held 5. Work with the coordinator inthink else. deceive you someone

under the personal direction of the planning social and fraternal activities

Adviser bishop and his counselors. for the quorum. Present all such plans

Should be Dependable 2. Give conscientious effort and in the respective department of the

needed time to the preparation and ward boy leadership committee meeting

If a quorum adviser is not dependable, presentation of the priesthood quorum each month for the action of the member all other qualities of the effective leader lesson each week. Successful advisers of the bishopric in charge.

which he may possess are of little or report an average of three to four hours 6. Advisers to quorums of deacons

no value to boys. The word "dependspent each week in study and research and teachers should hold frequent counability"may profitably be divided into in preparing the lesson. cil meetings with their respective quotwo words when considering the ap- 3. Immediately following each quorum presidencies and concentrate on thepointment of a quorum adviser—"derum meeting, visit each absentee, livmore adequate training of these ofpend"and "ability."No matter how ing at home, to learn of his Church ficers in the full discharge of their reexcellent his "ability"as a boy leader, activities during the past week and to sponsibilities to quorum members.

if you cannot "depend"upon him, keep encourage him to honor the priesthood This feature of our work is lagging and should be given special attention.

presidencies left should not Quorum be SEVIER PRIESTHOOD (UTAH) AARONIC MEMBERS, STAKE to "catch should on"as they may: They SETS PERFECT RECORDS ATTENDANCE be advisers should trained—quorum Fortyone bearers of the Priesthood Aaronic a perfect with record at attendance train them.

priesthood and sacrament meetings for 1951 is the proud record of the Sevier (Utah)

Stake. Special recognition was given these young men for their outstanding achieve- 7. The quorum adviser should coment. operate with the secretary of the ward

committee in training quorum secretaries in record keeping.

8. Finally, the quorum adviser

should work in full harmony with the bishopric as the presidency of the

Aaronic Priesthood and with the coordinator of the ward boy leadership committee at all times.

It should be kept in mind that the coordinator has full authority to visit

Aaronic Priesthood quorum meetings and to make such suggestions to ad596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \-yepared bu oLee M. falt.met"

Adult Members Ward Teachers to leach Observance of the Sabbath Day

Procrastination and Fear HpHE Lord speaking through the Prophheightened. It permits association with

A people. that Smith repeated shake et Joseph greet and To the which goodAre the Enemies of Success

of faithful friends has joyful hands in previous he emphasized dispenis a exCoordinators, group advisers for adult sations regarding proper observance of perience. To unite with them in wormembers of the Aaronic Priesthood, the Sabbath day: ship increases our faith and gives us

the courage and power to solve thedoes calling frighten your you? Are you that fully thou mayest And keep more of life. problemsafraid to group visit your members in thyself unspotted from shalt the world, thou challenging responsibility to Thetheir think of homes? your you Do to the go of house prayer offer thy and up

assignment as a disagreeable task? Does sacraments upon my holy day; "see that the Church meet together

the magnitude of your calling make you For verily this is a day appointed unto often"is given to the ward teachers.

feel incapable of successfully filling it? you to rest from your labors, and pay thy Members should be encouraged to atIf your answers to the above quesdevotions unto the Most High. (D. & C. tend all meetings planned for their

tions are "yes,"you are quite normal. 59:9-10.) benefit, but attendance at sacrament

Most people have inhibitions and fears meeting should climax a Sabbath of that tend to keep them from doing what This is a commandment with a promrest and worship. In this meeting, we

they know they should do. ise. It is conditioned on attendance at pause from worldly cares to renew our

Now is the time to break the bands. sacrament meeting. Members cannot covenants with the Lord, to be spiritualSuccess demands that you become the disregard the law of the Sabbath with ly fed, and to reflect upon the true

master of your emotions. This is done impunity. values of life.

by courageously doing each task as it Attendance at sacrament meeting ofIt is the responsibility of ward presents itself, by doing today's work fers an excellent opportunity for worteachers to teach their assigned families today. It is surprising how disagreeship. Here we renew our covenants to keep the Sabbath day holy, to atable some tasks appear and how and approach the God of heaven in the tend sacrament meeting, and to enpleasant they become when started. attitude of prayer and thanksgiving. courage them to "meet together often"

It doesn't pay to dodge an issue, for Our minds are enlightened; our feelin fellowship with the membership of

eventually it must be faced. An obliings exalted; and our ambitions the Church.

gation is not fulfilled by putting its solution off until another day. Most of

the misery and tragedy that comes into the lives of human beings is the result of their attempts to circumvent life's BURLEY (IDAHO) STAKE FETE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD issues rather than face them. Most of MEMBERS AT SUN VALLEY RESORT

the peace and happiness of life reTwo hundred and eightythree Aaronic Priesthood members and their leaders from sults from great accomplishment which the Burley (Idaho) Stake spent a full day in the beautiful Sun Valley mountain retreat in turn results from fearlessly meeting in celebration of the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood. The day's activities

were ride highlighted a thrilling by the ski of lift to the on top ball Baldy, Mount life ofeach delay. problem without

picnic. games, swimming, program, and

is visit Today's really that counts. one

the are In Aaronic Priesthood photograph the Burley from members Third Ward itIf visit for to seems hard your you the with the Valley forming backdrop. Lodge Sun

group members, take time to pray and then go out and knock on that door, and do your best—today.

visers as will meet with the approval of the bishopric in carrying forward this priesthood program.

From the above outline, it will be observed there are many other opportunities stemming from these featured responsibilities which will keep the alert quorum adviser so busy as to compel the consideration of his appointment as one of major importance both to himself and to his group.

Stake committees are challenged to take hold of this matter in earnest and work with bishoprics in correcting any lag in the appointment of competent advisers and in promoting their active and effective participation as Aaronic

Priesthood leaders.

AUGUST 1952 597 Mekhizedek... King of Salem

(Continued from page 582) and praised God for the victory.

Read TruthNot Trash! Therevealed,contentbut ofits thisimportanceblessingisisindinot

cated in Genesis 14:40:

We are told to "teach one another out of the best And it came to pass, that God blessed

Abram, and gave unto him riches, and books."honor, and lands for an everlasting posAre we doing that today? Are we reading the "best hesession;had made,accordingand toaccordingthe covenantto the whichblessbooks"ourselves and teaching others from the knowling wherewith Melchizedek had blessed

edge we gain? Are we teaching our children (or letting him. (Italics ours.)

them teach themselves) out of the best books? Isn't This incident illustrates the exerthe situation facing the Church and the world serious cise of the patriarchal function of

priesthood. Melchizedek was a

enough to cause us to give earnest consideration to the high priest as are our patriarchs tokind of reading some of us, if not most of us, are day, and he gave special blessings engaging in today? as is indicated. It is interesting also

to note that God fulfilled that blessing when Abraham proved by obedience that he was worthy of

it.

Read Truth—Not Trash Wine—AnotherThe Blessing interestingof the Breadincidentand

connected with Abraham's triumphal return from the battle is as is the rally cry of the new subscription campaign of follows:

The Improvement Era. In the coming year an effort is to

And Melchisedek, king of Salem, brought be made to direct attention to the very serious situation forth bread and wine; and he break the

which now exists as reflected in the kind of reading matbreadhe beingandtheblestpriestit; ofandthehemostblesthightheGod,wine,

ter being circulated and read. And he*""gave to Abram and blessed

him ParentTeachers Associations over the nation are aroused. This is suggestive of the administration of the sacrament. Did

The National Congress is making an investigation. the Saints before the advent of

New York state has passed regulatory legislation. Christ have the sacrament as did

the saints afterwards? Some may

The Canadian government has applied strong rebelieve so; others will not. One is

strictions. inquisitive, however, as to why the

Over 50,000,000 socalled "comic"books are being bread should be broken and then blessed, followed by the blessing distributed each month. Floods of highly objectionable of the wine. Why is Melchizedek magazines come to newsstands regularly—many of them mentioned in this act of blessing

vulgar, vicious, and obscene. the bread and wine as the priest of

the most high God? Then MelThe Improvement Era, in the coming year, will enchizedek gave the bread and the

courage its subscribers, their families and friends to wine to Abraham. Note that the

procedure is the same as30 that followed by Christ himself30 and by the Church today. The other

Read Truth—Not Trash administeredordinances ofto thethe living;gospelis therewere

not therefore a possibility that the sacrament was administered also?

blesschizedek—AfterAbraham PaysreceivingTithes histo Meltenth of the NEED EXTRA MONEY? $50 NEED MONEY $75 ing, Abraham paid a

Sell Christmas Cards, Stationery and Gift Items For Yourself or Organization? spoils of the battle to Melchizedek,

PROFITS UP TO BIG 50% for actual samples Send on approval Sellto 100%ALLOCCASIONprofit. Send andtodayCHRISTMASfor price listCARDS.and samUp who was the authorized agent of

WRITE TODAY! ples on approval. God to receive tithing for the poor.

CO. SERVICE CARD AND BOOK kings invading SALES the QUALITY COMPANY Undoubtedly, Calif. Pico, Whittier 8811 BOX 1344 L.D.S. Operated OwnedBlvd.,and of everything best taken the OGDEN, UTAH had to Organizations) (Stock advanced

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA from each city they had subdued.

When they were defeated, the spoils belonged to the victor, so

Abraham and his friends kept what did not belong to the cities of the

Jordan Valley. Why did Abraham

pay tithes to Melchizedek? Simply

because he recognized the office and authority of his superior in the priesthood.

Wherefore, Abram paid unto him [Meltithes all ofchizedek] that he had, of all Friendly, timely advicethe riches possessed, which he which God had given him more than that which he to Intermountain home37had need.

makers is the service ofThe Melchizedek Priesthood—fered by Bonnie Lake's

interesting the change inAn name Home Service Departof the Holy Priesthood made was in the days of Melchizedek. In ment at The Salt Lake

the Doctrine and Covenants is reTribune. As well as with

corded the following: individual assistance by

There are, in the church, two priestmail, Bonnie Lake aids hoods, namely, the Melchizedek and

Aaronic, including the Levitical priestIntermountain househood. wives in their quest for Why the first is called the Melchizedek

Priesthood is because Melchizedek was ideas to make home life priest.such a great high more complete and food

his Before day it was called the Holy

Priesthood, after the Order of the Son for their families more

God.of But out of respect or reverence to the nutritious and delecname of the Supreme Being, to avoid the table.

too frequent repetition of his name, they, the church, in ancient days, called that priesthood after Melchizedek, or the Melchizedek Priesthood. 38 Bonnie Lake's Home Service Department is

The fact that the priesthood was one of the many services which make Thenamed after Melchizedek because he "was such a great high priest"Salt Lake Tribune... The Tie That Binds the

indicates that our subject was an Intermountain West.

extraordinary man. This change

was made only after receiving the sanction of God. Of two points

then, one may be certain: first, that

Melchizedek was so righteous that dt ukt feibumthe Lord sanctioned the use of his name; and second, that the people One of America's Great Newspapers

so revered the man that they sustained the Lord's choice.

Was Melchizedek President of the Church?—Salem, as has been

indicated, was probably the head11 quarters of the church and thehome of the presiding authorities of wBURNED OUT that organization. Who those auREALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

thorities were is not revealed, but

Dr. James E. Talmage raised a very A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

interesting question in an editorial with tremendous added expense before you find note appended to the article, another.

"Abraham's Three Visitors,"by Let us explain your need for ample insurance

Dr. Sidney B. Sperry in The Imto cover today's higher values.

provement Era: 39

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY Who then were Abraham's three visitorsat his encampment? They are not desigHEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

nated by name, but it is apparent that (Continued on page 601) AUGUST 1952 599 P.eopte—m ip a [eMortalrersona l/wa <t

RICHARD L. EVANS

\X/e are sometimes disposed to look upon people and their problems impersonally. In the many complexities of

ple—thatliving life, isinothera worldthanofourselves—tendso many millionsto ofbecomemen, populationother peoper square mile, to become prospects for our products, customers for our shoes or our shirts, clients for our services,

votes for our political ventures, patrons for our performances.

But we can't separate a man from himself, and we can't override the fact that each man inherently has rights and hopes and a heart and a personal potential and possibilities.

REDDV KILOWATT. There is no such thing as an impersonal person, and one of

the things we can least afford to lose in our modern manner is a personal attitude toward people. The mass must not let

us lose sight of the individual man. Bigness must not let

FOR.... us lose sight of human qualities and character. Numbers

WATER HEATING sinceremust notindividualreplace names.interest Statisticsin others.mustThesenot passengerstake from uswhoa

push their way with us on public conveyances; these drivers

THAT'S PERFECT who impatiently honk horns in traffic tangles; these who

crowd to the counter, who buy things, who need things, who want things; these millions who live in the millions of homes

use.... the inside of which we never see; these who crowd the classrooms, the hospitals, the public places; and these others whom

we read about remotely—all are people in a very personal ELECTRICITY with hopes and heartaches and sorrows and way—people

successes; some with their names in lights, and some with

their cases in court; some who have standing in social circles,

and some who have need of social service. But all are eternal,

all individual, personalities; of the children are important SEE YOUR.... has gave us is the Father life, who of us all, who Father who

ELECTRICAL DEALER portunitiesplans and purposesof our existencefor eachforof endlessus, whoprogressset beforeanduspossibilithe opties. The child, the boy and the girl, the mother, the mature

and able man, the aged and the infirm—they are each one

a person; and the sooner all of us know that everyone else is

A Utah Power & Light a personal person (and the sooner we act as if we knew it),

Message the sooner we shall have a foretaste of a heaven on earth.

Jhe SDokenSpoken l/l/ordWord from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, ]UNE 22, 1952

Copyright, 1952 Quick, Easy Way to

STOP SMOKING "IT DOESN'T COST -IT PAYS"with stop smoking no Now you can first easily, the very comfortably, day—oreffort, MY LESSONS

refunded. your The money

discovery have read about you recent—medicalN I COBy Enola Chambeclin

STOP, guaranteed absolutely harmless, nontoxic, nonhabit forming. Endorsed by physchool: did days of not cactus have too many thorns daffodil, From velvet and

sicians. Used successfully thousands. by

their feet in father's At I were restless singing pines strange, From and windMy for your druggist's or mail coupon today free information available sizes about tread; and tortured oak;

guarantee. moneyback just vestibule a were where was we And desert heat far high mountain and From

Dept. Saint Calif. A, NICOSTOP, Helena, far ahead. country golden lush some To chill; Please free send prices. information and in lessons bed, a I learned wagon my

eating that campfire tastes of food From hill, upstraining the a horses Behind Name

Address.. Fromspreadscent of rain and purple skies that And smoke.now I know that while the horses

City State. Their sequin stars. I learned from whiptrod

poorwill, I learned my lessons at the feet of God.

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Melchizedek, King of Salem futureIt is andvainneverto beactingalwaystowardlookingit, toward the (Continued from page 599) F. Boyes they were messengers sent by the Lord.—J.

... Write for Free Booklet on I venture to express an opinion—an inAct Now

ference only for which I am personally and alone responsible—that the probabilito the priest, great ties point high MelFALL QUARTER chizedek, associates and two who may at L.D.S. Business College... starts September 2, 1952

stood in with the have capacity him of counselors. L.D.S. Business College, now a branch of the Brigham Young University,

offers you the finest business curriculum in the West, topnotch instructors...

upto-theminute stimulating a fellow equipment students. group of and three beings in question The were

booklet schedule with offered, rates of courses Write for FREE of tuition, etc.

in all probability not "angels"but righteous men. The Hebrew says Enroll in your Church school

that three men, instead of three angels, visited Abraham. As for the title, Lords, it comes from adhon BUSINESS COLLEGE -,

meaning Lord, a title of honor for Branch of Brigham Young University men. The word Yhwh or Jehovah, 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY

which is often translated Lord Please send me FREE booklet about L.D.S. Business College.

( God ) is not used to designate the Name Agethree messengers.

The "Inspired Scriptures"states Address that "three men"visited Abraham City. State.

and that he addressed them as "my brethren."The Prophet Joseph

undoubtedly wrote angel in the text with the meaning of messenger in mind; since angel in the English,

Greek, or Hebrew means messen in Safetyger. Especially is this true in this FIRST

instance. idea The of mortal mesIn an occupation once considered more hazardous than the furthersengers is in substantiated

Genesis 18:23. (Inspired Revision.) ':'-L - average, telephone people have

And the angels which were holy men, MpfesA* <*? worked long and hard to attain and

forth sent afterand were the order of IS a maintain "first position"in the field theGod, [meaning Priesthood, after "Holy the order of God"J turned their faces of accident prevention.

from thence and went toward Sodom.

Such a record is a matthe If one substitutes the word mester of teamwork—

senger for angel in the Inspired same teamwork that

Scriptures, he will find the principal makes your telephone difficulty in use of the names cleared up. service the hest in the

It is, therefore, highly probable world.

that the three men who came to

Abraham and partook of his hospitality were three servants of God to whom he revealed his will conTHE MOINTAIN'STATES TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH COMPANY cerning the people. Furthermore, it

is possible that this was Melchizedek who was called the great "high priest"because he presided over the Priesthood Holy as President PIKES PEAR Send Your Friendsof the in that Church day.

at Home or Abroad Revealing the Secrets—The FLOURProphet Amos once said: "Surely

the Lord God will do nothing, unWith FOUR THE til he revealeth the secret unto his Extra Baking IMPROVEMENTservants the prophets."41 This great Advantagestruth is forcefully illustrated in the ERA

instance previously stated concernSALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS ing Abraham and his visitors. The Salt425 WestLake 5thCity,SouthUtah $2.50 a year $3.00 foreign

(Continued on following page) AUGUST 1952 Melchizedek, King of Salem

(Continued from preceding page) man who was the spokesman, and undoubtedly the presiding officer of the trio, blessed Abraham and by the spirit of inspiration promised a son to him and Sarah. Not only

did the Lord reveal this to his servant, but he also made known that

Abraham's descendants should become a mighty people and that all nations should be blessed through the seed of Israel. Again the maxim

of Amos is illustrated by the fact that God revealed to his servants that he would destroy Sodom and

Gomorrah because the cup of their iniquity was full.

The Fate of Sodom—After leaving Abraham, the three messengers

of God followed the trail leading down to the city of Sodom in the

Jordan Valley. When they finally

entered the city, they were invited to accept of the hospitality of Lot, who was a faithful member of the

Church. The licentious men of

Sodom were intent on doing evil both to these visitors and to Lot's two daughters; as a result, the men

of God smote the wicked mob with blindness insomuch that they could not find the house.

Acting upon instructions from the messengers, Lot prepared to leave the city. He told his sonsin-law of

the impending calamity, but they gave no heed. 12 Early the following

morning, Lot with his wife and two daughters departed; and as they

lingered, the three men took hold of them and led them away. All

were instructed by the messengers to make haste and not to look back, but Lot's wife paused for one last look at the old home, and in pausing she remained-—a pillar of salt.

Lot petitioned that he might be permitted to live in Zoar, and his request was granted. When Lot

and his daughters were safe, the messengers cried to God, and he rained fire and brimstone upon

Sodom and Gomorrah.

In the early morning Abraham looked out over the Jordan Valley, "and behold, lo, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace."* 3 After this final scene at

Sodom and Gomorrah, Melchizedek disappears from the annals of history.

BIBLIOGRAPHY 22Joseph Fielding Smith; Teachings of

the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 322323.

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MSee also Romans 10:14, 15.

"Abraham 2:6, 11. See also Sidney B.

Sperry, Ancient Records Testify in Papyrus and Stone. Adult M. I. A. Manual

8889.193839, pp. B. A. C.

Smith, op. cit., p. 308. Fielding 2CJoseph

2eDoctrine and Covenants 110:12. ISDIFFERENT!

"Ibid., 84:1113.

28See Discourses of Brigham Young, pp. There you will find:—

161, 162: George Q. Cannon, "The Law of *One of the largest, most

Adoption,"Utah Genealogical Magazine, beautiful campuses in the 26Doctrine and Covenants 132:29. * Lowcost, oncampus housing

dormitorapartment-plan in 132:37. "Ibid.,

ies. 31 I. R. Genesis 14:3738. * u n I i Opportunities m i t e d

Amraphel, king of Shinar, is identified every student is important at in Jewish tradition with Nimrod or Ham- B. A. C.

of Babylon. kingmurabi, Many scholars,

offering Broad this view. questionhowever,

B.S. degree andin arts,state sciences,certificateappliedin elementarysciences,educationand Airat B.A.C.Force R.O.T.C. You can get a

of nations""king translation may building 3aThe mechanics, in auto business, training Vocational after trades,two years.agriculture and home students for employment prepare the In courses of gentiles."These economics. "kingalso be rendered

FALL QUARTER BEGINS tribe, but nation, people singular goi means

September 15 for former students September 11 for new sutdents nonheathen, means the pluralin goim

Jews, gentiles. In the Authorized (King Write for a Catalog

James) Version, Genesis 10:5, goim is

translated gentiles but in Genesis 14:1, it COLLEGE AGRICULTURAL BRANCH CITY, UTAH CEDAR is MrenderedI. R. Genesisnations.14:17, 18. since 1897"the rural west "Serving

n. R. Matthew 26:2225.

""Doctrine and Covenants 20:7579.

:"I. R. Genesis 14:39.

:iSDoctrine and Covenants 107:1-4.

3"Sidney B. Sperry, "Abraham's Three

Visitors,"The Improvement Era, Vol. 34

(August 1931), pp. 583585.

24:39. 10Luke 3:7. So Greyhound "I. R. Amos

i2l. R. Genesis 19:1822.

*Hbid., 19:34. The above account is

taken from the Inspired Revision.

Just Open A SAVINGS ACCOUNT NOW!

The Church Moves On... IT'S TODAY'S with $50.00 or more and you will receive

lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen your FREE set. pencil {Concluded from page 560) BEST BUY IN TRAVEL! and

number basis instead of a percentage Go Greyhound... for less than Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to

your driving of $25,000. cost the credit girls receive on onethird basis; may (5)

.. operation.. traffic of continuous free 32 years from relax car! You'll

at for attendance records two the ward friendly routes, scenic enjoying worry, Per CURRENT constake, general, of your 7 or June money, meetings your Save companoins. '

ference. Also, credit will be given to car, your time, and yourself—by GreyDIVIDEND J Annum

girls who listen to conference on the hound every trip!

radio or view it on television if the girl Utah Savings and her parents sign a statement to the and Loan Association effect that she did see or hear it in this 172 West Center, PROVO, UTAH manner; (6) special awards will be MAIL HANDY COUPON

given for girls who were unable to meet to order or money your check Send illbecause of requirements attendance Provo, Center, and 172 Savings, Utah diffiof transportation or because ness set See your Greyhound agent about pen book pass and savings your culties and where the girl has done all popular vacation lands all over Amerwill be mailed to you immediately.

she could to meet the requirements. ica, Canada, and Mexico. Name -

Such special awards will be accepted as Ask for Address a requirement toward earning Honor FREE TOUR FOLDER City..Zone. State.

Bee and Mia Joy awards.

1 r\ There was a general session of the Unbreakable... moulded

glass. Lightlook like to under was which June conference

free. Econoise weight,

First Presidency of the the direction height. Standard CATHEDRAL MM nomical.

of the Church, and an afternoon conCHIMES Order from your dealer.

ference of Latterday Saint youth comSPECIAL OFFER lot trial of SI. 00 for 7\E Mail of and meetings schedule the pleted

postpaid. sent dozen one

I. A. conferof annual events the M.

Mass. 14, St., Boston Sudbury 55

ence. CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal. MAAS

AUGUST 1952 603 EditorTODAY'S BURL SHEPHERD,

Milky or gummy ones, such as poinGOOD FLOWER ARRANGEMENTS settias, dahlias, and hydrangeas, should have stemends seared or by Louise Price Bell plunged into boiling water for a few seconds. The hairy stems of zinnias

lightly;AHnconveysartisticmuchflowermore arrangementbeauty and howments.to Forcreatethis triangulardesign, thearrangelongest andand poppiesthick stems,shouldsuchbe assingedchrysanthejoy than a bouquet carelessly stem should be one and onehalf to mums and Easter lilies, should be

thrust into a vase. Creating an artwo times the height or width of the slit a little.

tistic arrangement is an art, but not container. Insert the backbone of The completed arrangement should

too difficult for an amateur to acquire. the design first, then fill in with the have all the essentials of good deYou can apply basic principles to shorterstemmed flowers to fill in the sign—unity, rhythm of lines, proper

your flower arrangements, add a little sides. No two stems should be the proportion, balance, color harmony,

imagination—and get charming resame length. The largest and darkand center of interest. By using one

sults. est flowers are used for the base of of the commercial preparations in

the design and center of interest. the water to lengthen the life of the

The buds and smallest flowers are flowers, you will avoid changing for the outermost points of the design. the water every day. As soon as

Don't mix too many fragrances in the lower blossoms of spike flowers a bouquet. For instance, roses, (gladioli, delphiniums, snapdragons,

gardenias, and carnations all have stock, and others) become wilted, lovely fragrances of their own and are best not mixed in a bouquet. Don't

use too many colors in one arrangement; two or three are enough; and

remember to group your colors instead of spotting them throughout

First of all, insert stemholder in conyour arrangement.

tainer and to hold it firmly in place, use There should be no crossing of putty sold for the purpose. This will

eliminate tipping. leaves or stems. Each leaf, stem, and

flower plays a definite part in the

There are many types of arrangedesign. If flowers do not have disments including modern, massed, tinctive foliage of their own, use

Colonial, and the Oriental or symother leaves, such as croton, sansebolic. veria, dracaena, magnolia, caladium,

Flowers with curving stems—such and evergreen. Never crowd too

as petunias, daisies, sweet peas, and many flowers and leaves into a vase tritomas—are excellent for crescent as this bruises the stems and makes

and curving arrangements. The the arrangement less artistic.

straighterstemmed flowers, such as All stem ends should be cut diagocarnations and chrysanthemums, are nally to help them absorb the most Cattails were added to give contrast, yet popular for line and Oriental arrangewater. The leaves must be removed not conflict with design. The completed

ments. Dominant blooms, such as below the water level so they will arrangementtion, and colorhasharmony.unity, balance,Figurinesproporlend

chrysanthemums, dahlias, and peonot decay and foul the water. Some interest.

nies, are suggested for massed arrangeflower stems need special treatment.

ments. Delicate flowers, delphiniums,?""ip tf they should be removed, the stems

sweetheart or garnette roses are ideal shortened, and the arrangement kept for Colonial designs. Ofou Can Hjo rt! unified. Never place an arrangeFor any of the arrangements, you'll ""Phis column for young peoment in a sunny window, draft, on a

need various working materials ple, and for any others mantel over a burning fireplace, or suitable container, scissors, knife, stem who wish to take advantage of near a radiator, if you want it to holder (needle holder, frog, or smallit, features articles of a "howstay pretty long.

mesh chicken wire), putty or suction todo-it"nature. ContribuYour arrangements will be more

cups (if heavy flowers are used) to tions are welcome and will be interesting if you will use figurines, make the stem holder stationary, thin considered for publication at leaves, fruit, or gourds to suggest the wire, and wire clipper. regular rates. spirit of the season or to portray a

Amateurs usually want to learn mood or theme.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COLOR IN KITCHENS 1111111 by A. D. MacEiven

It theis doubtfulhome hasif anywherecolor beenelsemorein HERE'S HOW TO GET YOUR MONEY'S in the abused than misused and WORTH IN A WHEELBARROW toryears, peoplekitchen. have For

uncomforttured themselves—been LOOK FOR THESE g IMPORTANT FEATURES AND their nerves, fatiguedable, frayed

LIFE, GREATER USEFULNESStheir eyes—because of misapplication GET LONGER

of color associations.

color talk through good As we LIGHT, YET STRONGBuilt of rugged lightweight steel, | the Poppy this thinkin room, keepprinciples Barrow can handle the toughest work with the least labor.

applicaopposite of theing many mini in sotions seen you've many homes, 2 mizesPERFECTtipping,BALANCEmakesFour-pointthe Poppy supportBarrow undereasy tothehandle.tray proved. you'll a point see Rememand

ber, our first principle is to select 2 BIG AND ROOMYYou'll make fewer trips with the Poppy

Barrow, because color it holds a big load... a full three cubicgeneral color-—or impact—not

of earth or mulch. pretty,just to look do a funcfeet but to

iitiiiini iii iiiiiuiii 1 1 l i 1 1 1 i iiiiiiiimiiiiuiiiimiiii sort of 4 load,BROADevenBOTTOMmix cementmeansinyoua Poppycan carryBarrow.most any articles sixth in a series of on(The

color for today's home) of

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 lilimimi minim minimi j i mini inn minim iiiiiiiiiilliilin 5 pushingBALL BEARINGa PoppyWHEELBarrow.takes the hard work out

tional job as well. Our second major, BIG, WIDE TIRE makes the Poppy

principle is to use this framework to Barrow ride smoothly... keeps it

select personally pleasing shades. In from digging ruts in your lawn.

bythe kitchen, used mostly STORE, the Poppy Barrow sits exercised.son, can be both principles one per- y outEASYof TOthe way in any 2'x 2'corner.

Well then, let's to the kitchen, since in the home, its importance THE NAME "POPPY"on the yellow wheelbarrow guarantees you all these important features. Lookrating is high.

for it on the.. barrow you buy. look for Boyco's Without enumeration, we are favalue-packed Poppy at Barrow Garden,

miliar with the fact that this room Hardware and Department Stores.

contains various pieces of equipment, large and small, light and heavy, that must be used and operated in the preparation of food. Thus, in

addition to inherent and developed skill, satisfactory results depend on considerable physical work in an atmosphere of a hot stove, hot water, and a cool head. The situation fair-

—aly shoutscool "colorfor predominantimpact."coolAs incolorsany

room, the room junction heavily overbalances any considerations of apparant dimensions or location—which

are always secondary principles in selecting in any case. As a kitchen

may be considered a "one person"room, final selection of favorite mass colors, plus accents for cheer and "lift,"should be made by that person.

In the opening paragraph, we mentioned misuse of color. It stems from

unconscious perpetuation of the old association of white with cleanliness.

Let's call it the White Tradition.

Now, there's nothing wrong with the tradition as such—it has just been

painfully in overdone—particularly

the kitchen. Fortunately, it's dying.

Color research has proved that ex- (Continued on following page) AUGUST 1952 605 COLOR IN KITCHENS J. C. BURGESS

GURRMITKD NEW CAR DEAL

I WE GUARANTEE

... you'll GET MORE for

your dollar... you'll SAVE

MORE dollars... with the

BURGESS deal on a big NEW '52 DODGE than on any other new car regardless of make, price, claims, deal or dealer!

(Concluded from preceding page) cupboards, even the wood trim of posure to large areas of white for doors and windows. A light sunshine C. BURGESS

lengthy periods (you're in that kitchyellow on visible trim is good, espe-, Motor quite hours a produces day) a few Co. kJ en grayblue. cially tones are if the wall J Dealer Downtown fatigue, contributes "nerves,"eye and accent putting a brighter Try

1000 So. Main to physical fatigue. Eyes are importinside the cupboards, on the insidecolor

ant, and no one welcomes fatigue. panels of the doors, the shelving—in

The Automobile Bargain Center We are not preaching revolution, but places out of normal view. It will

of Salt Lake City rather moderation in the use of white add interest and pleasure when a as a color, as with any other. Other door is opened to "take out"or "put

colors can serve a constructive puraway."No great harm will be done

pose in your kitchen that white does by carrying white on smaller areas, ALL-O-WHEAT not. such as the outer panels of cupboard cereal

is Most persons will have one or more doors or wood trim generally. It can

favorite shades in either the green or supplement the white of fixtures and blue range. For the one who has major equipment.

I weJucioim—not, compromise can be made by a Before we leave the generalities, a

choice of pleasant gray, a modified word or two more should be said

It is made from the green, or bluegray. If your floor about the mass colors. While giving

finest whole wheat covering is new or in good condition, a feeling of warmth, they should be the nutrition ALL and contains and goodness of the ENTIRE the choice of wall colors should be softened or grayed to a considerable wheat kernel! made with one eye on its predominant extent, to create an atmosphere of

SERVE YOUR FAMILY color tone, either to complement it or general relaxation and comfort. If

lots of to supplement it. we introduce the brighter tones to

this complete Breakfast Cereal Lighting, of course, will determine trim and accessories the wall colors the actual depth of color used on should not attempt the same job.

walls and ceiling. Kitchen activities One final suggestion for the type

call for abundant light in all areas, of paint finishes for the kitchen:

so deeper shades should be used with Modern finishes are a great deal caution. Medium tints or shades will more rugged in the flat or semilustre

do both jobs of giving good light types than they used to be. Large

diffusion and provision of a "cool"areas of extreme high lustre are conIT'S STEEL CUT atmosphere. As your eyes do not ducive to eye and nerve fatigue. Ask

People using keep ALL-O-WHEAT belook directly on the ceiling, white, or about flat (or eggshell) lustre finishes their protects cause it health and tastes so good. a very pale tint of the wall color may for ceilings, and satin, or semilustre

Ask for it at your grocers be used, to assist good lighting. finishes for walls and cupboards.

TODAY or write to There are numerous spots in the They're tough and washable. High

of cheer and interest for shelving and furniture—where ALL-O-WHEAT kitchenbright spotswhere lesser areas can be lustre enamels are still perhaps best

OGDEN, UTAH the curtains at the window, the shelvvery frequent heavy cleaning, and ing in cupboards, the trim on pots wear and abuse are the order of the and pans, the knobs of doors and day.

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Should I Discuss Personal Situations

MORE HINTS FOR With My Parents? HOME CANNERS

by Rex A. Skidmore by

PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH Tomatoes and peaches lead in homeTeen-agers are growing and changchildren obtain such information canning popularity. These favorites will

their in at peak your be area. The socially, later. Isn't or sooner desoon it more ing rapidly—physically, can, the save more you you more sirable for consult Often parents them to mentally, and emotionally.

they are confused and want answers regarding these basic aspects of livHow many Jars?

to many questions. 'Where should ing than to go to some overlybold, Ayieldsbushel18 toof 24peachesquart

young people go for help? In parboastful, and questionable boy or jars; tomatoes, 1520

ticular, where should they go for girl? quarts. By now, you've

filled all last probably questions? to personalanswers jars ones. and Be Suggestions for Youth year's schools provide get Ball the and only sure you The Church willDomeneed Jars,new

those wonderful with that comes experts are but most guidance, questions parkindsome Ask your of your Ball Lids. "TouchTest"Dome

to their can go ents. that if youthagreed find you'll You'll get satisparents they will receive answers in factory answers, that you'll feel good The Touch of Safety

the best possible setting. about them, and that this will bring jarfulDon't riskby losing"guessworka single

Youth who get their information you closer to your parents. They sealing."Ball Dome Lids

from the boys and girls "in the hidegive positive protection.

out"obtain much misinformation, Justdown,pressjar sealed.to test.SoDomeeasy

and especially do they acquire false This is the eighth in a series of—so sure. Dome Lids

encream-white articles proper the to purpose about andideas addressed the problems lining, red rubber of haveamel the teenager, especially to the and are mating. for Youthtime who seal, features. plus other

teenager family. in the no more; you pay You sex the that their parentstold by

urge is Godgiven but that it should can't buy better!

rbe expressed only in marriage with will help you keep these matters in Something NEW the person you really love, for bringtheir proper perspective rather than You'llFreezerloveJars!the newMadeBallof

ing children into this world and make them overlyglamorous or sturdy glass—reusable for

of economical containers.strengthening marriage, are likely to tempting through "hushhush"seyears—mostall frozen foods

revere and appreciate the moral teachcretiveness. Grand for refrigerator use,

ings of the Church regarding chastity. In addition to acquiring the "facts,"too! The gay metal caps

twist. airtight seal a to explain hesitate it is particularly Some parents to get important fill, to mouth, tapered an Wide sides—easywith

chilto theirphysical development of interpretation clean. Ball 12 Freezer them. adequate empty, Jars come

colors. carton, assorted in 6 caps with to a is It ofdren. whether not a question facts learn of life""the youth Some

for red, blue carton white the and Look to is going a get inpersonor not there. to failed have and stop They store or locker food plant at today! your

formation about sex; it is only a learn when mating is appropriate

question of when and where. All {Continued on following page) M-M-M! HomeMadeEverybodyJelly!loves

homemade jams and jellies. Make

Fortunate are the young people who can "talk it over"with their parents. plenty, as the various fruits ripen.

Liquid or powdered pectin produces more glasses with less boiling. Your dealer has Ball Jelly

Glasses in two sizes: third -pint squat,

halfpint tall.

Recipe Booklet—FREE

Simplify your home canning. Send card for my

new FREE booklet of recipes, timetables. Home

freezing included. Yours

for the asking. Address:

BALL BROTHERS CO.,

Dept. ERA2,$El Monte, Calif.

it's BEST

Your Home Canning!

132. O.B.CO.—Photograph by Eva Luoma

AUGUST 1952 607 Should I Discuss Personal Situations With My Parents?

(Continued from preceding page) which is, of course, in marriage. This

would be similar to a young man learning all about how to use the atomic bomb and then turning him loose without understanding when and where the bomb should or shouldn't be used.

Encourage your friends to talk with their parents. Unnecessary discussions with friends about personal

situations often are not helpful in any way.

If you feel uncomfortable in situations which involve your emotions and feelings talk to your parents and find out from them what is best and safest. If you confide in your parents, they'll undoubtedly confide

more in you. Personal problems and

questions fit well in the intimate family circle.

LETS EAT OUTDOORS

u A layer of moisturevapor proof

LOOK! Tests prove... LOCKERFOIL aluminum foil.

jiffy. front Biscuits or muffins in a In wraptops em all premium all. Among

of a layer special minutes. fire in ten muffins bake blend of of a hot materials tested... ping Lock- A Western

laminate. acts as waxes this turned of they must type oven be erfoil In gave:

- when done on top. 50% MORE PROTECTION against moisture A la )fer of tou n Kraft P a P er

loss.

BJ MORE FLEXIBILITY... better conformity to may be on the coals of a canyon

* package contents than other laminated It bonfire, it may be over a grill in wraps. your own backyard, but if it's

LEAST PERMEABILITY to odorous gases.

cooked and served outdoors it's bound

FULL PROTECTION against "drip"of contents while thawing. to be out of this world.

With a homemade reflector oven,

NOTE: ALWAYS PLACE FOIL SIDE NEXT TO CONtin cans, waxed paper, newspaper, the

Ask TENTS. for WESTERN LOCKERFOIL at your locker coals of a campfire, and some food,

grocer. plant or

) ou can prepare a banquet to delight

THE ULTIMATE anyone's palate. A reflector oven for

in Frozen Food temporary use can be made from

Protection easyto-pack aluminum foil and then discarded after use. Take a 24inch

of foil and piece heavy aluminum at a 45degree in the center bend it | JOeifec I|@C angle. Place it on a stone or other

Western Waxed Paper Div. Crown Zellerbach Corp. flat surface about 6 inches above the

PORTLAND SAN LEANDRO LOS ANGELES ground and close to the edge of a 608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA flaming fire, so that an intense heat can be felt in front of the oven. Top

of the oven may be supported, as shown in diagram, by two sticks. Biscuits baked in a reflector oven should

be turned when brown on top, so that bottom may bake well also. Best

results are obtained by using double thickness of the foil. (Excellent reflector ovens are often made from tin

cans.)

Baked Potatoes if you don't agree SUREJELL Pectin 2 No. 10 tin cans makes jams and jellies with

waxed paper newspaper finer Real FreshFruit Flavor!*

sand or dirt 8 mediumsized potatoes

Scrub the potatoes clean and wrap individually in waxed paper, then in wet newspaper. Pack them into the

cans with sand or dirt between so that potatoes do not touch each other or sides of can. Have the sand or dirt

quite wet. Place the cans directly in

hot coals and leave them about 45 minutes. If the sand or dirt gets very

dry, moisten it again.

ggs in Tomatoes (with sauce)

eggs tomatoes salt muffin pan reflector oven

Cut off stem end of tomatoes and scoop out insides. Sprinkle inside of We make this offer to let you see for yourself that jams and jellies made

tomato with salt. Break an egg into with SureJell have more of that rich Real FreshFruit Flavor. Here's why:

each tomato. Place them in buttered

muffin pans. Bake slowly on reflector Coded for freshness—you know SureJell is fresh!

oven. Oneminute boil—saves precious juice and flavor!

Sauce: Fry bacon slices crisp; drain

off grease and break or chop into pieces. 60 kitchentested recipes—for perfect results, follow recipes exactly.

Fry diced onion in some of the bacon Highly concentrated—a natural fruit pectin product!

fat, add cooked bacon and tomato pulp.

Season with salt.

*HERE'S ALL YOU DO to get Roast Corn triple your money boek IT'S A FACT!

Pull back the green husks and reAlmost 332 times as many silk the of ears corn.move from jelly Rereturn glasses were of and jam the front pane] of Tu theT'ears the in thewrap Package husks then and (the 1951 in SureJell with made one,K ft?WK?J"it 111 on to in SureJell paper.wrap the corn Lay damp Dent all other pS with than were made Park -> Ave SyngIasses2/ New York 17directly hot to on steam. embers v 5rf N dude combined. pectins powdered your and name address wh,;what paid y for SureTell andeSS'and 25 words or less on Wholewheat thTfi* whv Muffins e flavor y disappointed I anA von

jelly of making /opSt1? triple2 cups wholewheat flour JyZ\ ] 'Plusof3 tbsp. brown sugar A Product of General Foods postage costs. PlSlrlZ[fSi

3 tsp. baking powder

1 tsp. salt

1 cup milk. StllJElLfe America's 1 egg, beaten

3 tbsp. cooking oil

(Concluded on following page) AUGUST 1952 609 let's Eat Outdoors

{Concluded from preceding page)

Dry ingredients may be sifted and mixed together and taken to the picnic Better Bread grounds in a tightlycovered can. When

ready to mix, combine milk, egg, and oil. Stir lightly into dry ingredients,

just the flour. to moisten enough Dough and here's why

tins in greased muffin be placed may and baked on reflector oven at side of

The secret of Table Queen's superifire (see above), or it may be wrapped foil and baked on embers ority is milk. That's right—each in aluminum

pound contains the nonfat milk of fire. For this method, dough is best

separated into two parts, and cooked solids of 7 ounces of milk. This in separate pieces of foil (double thickmakes it better tasting, better ness). Wrap foil carefully, turning

toasting, more nourishing, edges so that no steam can escape; fold

You actually get more food value overpackagetwiceandat ateacheachedgeend),(alongbut topleaveof for your money, because "Milk enough air space inside so that dough

Improved"Table Queen costs no may rise. Place the package of dough

more than ordinary bread! on fire embers and bake about 20 minutes. Other biscuits or quick breads may

For bread at its best, get Table be cooked in this manner.

Queen—fresh daily at

your grocer's. Fish Dinner

2 or 3 slices bacon 3/4 to 1 lb. fish

1 medium potato 1 onion salt

Clean fish and vegetables. Tear off

about 26 inches of heavy aluminum foil; place 1 slice bacon in the center

and lay fish on top. Slice potatoes in

i/-inch slices and lay on top of fish.

Then place onion slices around sides and over top of potatoes. Put another

slice of bacon on top. Add salt, or any

other seasoning desired. Carefully fold

the foil and crease over top to seal.

Fold in the ends to seal in all the moisture. Do not break the wrap! Place

dinner on hot coals for 10 minutes. Take

blunt stick and turn it over and leave 10 minutes. Take a blunt stick and

turn it over and leave 10 minutes more.

(The larger the fish, the longer the cooking time, but only experience can teach timing.) Steaks, chops, or poultry

may be cooked in this manner also, with any vegetables added that are

For Your Reading Pleasure desired. Vegetables must be not too

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thethicklytimecuttheinmeatorderis todone,cook andthroughall seaby 12 Issues $2.50 sonings should be added to the food

C"iw::<i:"(;-<i*i)-i before cooking.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Baked Apples WE OFFER...

simple of Canker, in treatment Aids A COMPLETE

Fill apples. core center and Wash SERVICE ENGRAVING throat sore mouth minor and other

raisins. sugar, nuts, with and Use brown From Missionary Portraits to the Largest irritations. and throat

Catalogues. of foil piece to a long enough each wrap

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention apple completely in doubled foil. Place

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. HALL'S REMEDY in hot coals and leave 10 minutes.

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah Bananas or other fruit may be baked in

this manner also.

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TWO YEARS IN THE SERVICE CAN BE PROFITABLE

(Continued from page 569) Let us look the few simple facts beautiful song, "I walked today where plainly in the face. Two years is not

Jesus walked... and with him by actually longer for the girls than for

my side... and felt him close to the boys. Normally when men and

me."There is no man and no woman women mate, there will be that much

who may not thus walk with the indifference in age between the bride spiration and the influence of the and the groom. At the eighteen year

Savior by his side, close to him. It period, there is usually little age difis our duty so to live that as we walk, ference between the boy and the girl

day by day, he may be by our sides "going steady."But as they get a

with his testimony, with his influence, little older and come nearer to the with his spirit. actual mating, the girls will begin

Again I say, my message to the to look to older boys and the boys youth of this Church is, consider your to younger girls. From perfectly

blessings, count them, do not count natural reasons, the sweethearts of your ills, forget them, and then be eighteen are not too likely to be valiant in the cause of truth. joined as life mates.

May the Lord give to each and So you girls of eighteen, whose every of us, this power so that sweethearts of near equal age are we may all be there together in the leaving for the armed service, adopt celestial kingdom, living thus on the philosophy I have urged upon the through all the eternities with those boys: wait, two years will soon pass.

who are near and dear to us, I humAt forty or even thirty, you will not bly pray, in the name of Jesus. Amen. miss them.

POST SCRIPTUM If, when the sweetheart returns, you are both of the mind as when

To the Girls he went away, then you can marry,

HThe editors of the Era have asked and the two years'wait will merely THE MAKERS OF that I add to the talk I made at accentuate your happiness, now deMARCAL PAPER NAPKINS the June conference, a few words to void of the threat of army service.

the lateteen-age girl groups. While If either or both have changed their

I was speaking on the Sunday afterminds, then each is free to follow as recommended by Reader's Digest noon to the boys, it came into my his then choice.

before if the are married But two that to saymind I might something service, enters the the END FAUCET DRIP! he and then also,the girls appreciated the but I

of either changes, as happens, bit different,problem was a as was mind then a tragedy or less ** ** comes, more thereto,the approach so I decided then not to enlarge upon the matter. grave, sometimes involving a little

But at the request of the Era editors, one, innocent of the parents'unwis-

I offer these few words to the latedom, but bearing finally the brunt of teenage girls. it. Do not be misled by the idea

Since Eve ate and gave the fruit that your particular minds will be to Adam who ate also, woman has constant. They may not be. Stop wasteful, nervenagging,

exercised a dominating influence over When the preservice mating is leaking faucets—even old ones that

man. She has wielded her sceptre solemnized in the temple by a sealotherwise might have to be reThis NoRotate. placed—withusually for good, sometimes for evil. ing for time and eternity, the tragedy is endorsed amazing washer by

Too frequently this regal power is is often greatly complicated and inThe American Hotel Association, invoked to serve her own personal creased. If the husband does not return The Hospital Bureau of Standards

ends, generally it is summoned for and later the wife wishes to marry and recommended in a Reader's

Outlasts Report. Consumerthe benefit it is Digest and that again, means do, of man as most young women

times. 10 to 20 ordinary washersthe race. whole Almost human alnot to find always easy a good man installed quickly withEasily and

ways there is less of the earthy and willing to have his children by her out special tools. Your hardware

more of the spiritual in woman than belong to the first husband. dealer has them now

in man. Again I say, two years is not long.

divinely Thus endowed, is It life will woman not ruin to wait your INC. for KIRKHILL DOWNEY, CALIF.taxed with of exercising the duty her of the return one, loved your assumpower to lift man to higher levels ing he is still your loved one when

of thought and act and not to pull he returns. Moreover, your present DRINK

him down. She must often save man burning flame could be mostly sex,

from himself. It is under this conwhich flashes forth like a meteor and ficq A delightfulcept that I speak these few words to then dissolves into the blackness of for those hot beverage

the girls. They should help the boys a lightless night. who don't drink coffee.

to choose and follow the wisest course. (Concluded on following page) AT YOUR GROCERS

AUGUST 1952 611 YOU'LL LOVE Two Years in the Service Can Be Profitable

{Concluded from preceding page) THEM BOTH! You can wait a little with no harm

and. help the boys to wait, for there

will be no ultimate loss in happiness to either, and possibly you may forestall a tragedy. By so steadying both,

you will be helpfully exercising the regal power with which the Lord endowed you. Beyond all, be chaste,

for unchastity destroys happiness, breeds remorse, and, unrepented, defeats exaltation.

Disorder and confusion plague the world. Disaster may impend. But

chaos is not here, save as it finds place in the minds of the inexperienced, the weak, and the faithless. As I

said to the boys, the basic elements, -n"ti*(!T<'. the eternal verities of life are with

us today as they were at the beginning. None is missing. Still is it

true, as Cowper sang in his great si4re til hymn:

"Ye fearful hearts, fresh courage take

The clouds ye so much dread, Bread Are big with mercy and will break AUNT HATTIE

HONESTLY BAKED THROUGH AND THROUGH In blessings on your head."

Two Appointed to Y.M.M.I.A.

This lid goes General Board

(Concluded from page 557) when your the athletic committee for the first AllChurch M Men relays held in home canning's connection with June conference in

SAFELY SEALED 1951.His wife is the former Vera JackHEAR IT! SEE IT!... Yes, hear this new son. They are the parents of three

is assigned Bernardin SAFETY SIGNAL telling you that sons and a daughter. He

your home canning seal is safe... doubly safe to the athletics committee of the genbecause you see the depressed cap, and hear eral board.

the Bernardin snap! You'll be amazed how

Snap Lids take the guesswork out of home canning... No more halfsure canning when Levi Edgar Young

you "can by ear"with Bernardin Snap Lids. (Continued from page 593)

States—a great circular letter—and

of inforfountainheads these Compare 'JAede fyeatusiei, uutk A*uf OtUe* Jlidl from the for the titles secured mation built PACKED TO USE... READY of latex RINGS l!VE SAFETY BerUtah Territorial Library. In the

backto- lid nardin lids grip are packed Bernardin into the right tight to jar rims for high vacuum back... no sticking... lids slide struggle for the University of Utah

seal. out ready to use. to acquire a competence worthy of

LIDS TRIPLE COATED... food acid SNAP SIGNAL.Bernardin's new the sons and daughters of these pioresistant white enamel, on tough Snap Lids tell you when the neers, the need for an expanded lilacquer on a heavy coating seal gold is safe with a distinctive brary has always been great, and

"snap:'of tin.

just ask for Snap lids never more keenly felt than some forty years ago when the young scholar returned to his faculty BerNARdin post from studies at Columbia. The

Pierce collection, including source

CAPS AND SNAP LIDS materials on Utah, had slipped 612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA through the fingers of the regents, The same loving care and forealmost without trace, and had been sight has been exercised by President eagerly purchased by Harvard UniYoung as senior member of his Counversity. Then, moved by some of cil, especially in his interest that the

the chagrin, no doubt, which acrecords of the quorums of the seventy companied this loss, the Shepherd of the Church might be carefully

Book Store garnered a second collecpreserved. From these materials he

tion, largely built around Utah is currently engaged in writing a sources rapidly being lost. history of the seventy.

Failing constructive action from As one visits the Senior President story—"lackthe universityof funds!"),authoritiesyoung(the Proold ofimpressedthe FirstwithCouncilthese manytoday, interestsone is

fessor L. E. Young took the dilemma and accomplishments. His personal

by its horns. With a determined library of ancient and modern classics

vigor, which his intimates and audiand Church works mirrors the same.

ences are occasionally privileged to Among them all, the memory of his see, he called the proprietor and ormission presidency in the New Eng-—It's Only a matter of Minutes

dered the books on his own authority. land Mission, 19391942, burns exUpon delivery to the university, ceedingly bright. Into this call he with M*C*P

President Kingsbury called Profeswas able at once, and in a jurisdicsor Young to his office: "By what tionallydefined area, to direct the Jam and Jelly PECTIN

authority did you do a thing like interests of his mature life. With the

this?"approval of the First Presidency, he FRESH PEACH JAM

obtained and purchased for the "By the authority of the necessity Church the famous Alice Longfellow Is Quick -Easy -Sure of Street, 100 Brattle the people of Utah!"replied the home at Number the M.C.P. teacher. Way

is Massachusetts. Cambridge, Nearby (For 1 Recipe)

Gravely concerned, but inspired by Harvard Yard; the Washington Oak;

the conviction of his faculty member, adjacent is the Henry W. Longfellow HERE'S WHAT YOU BUY!

President Kingsbury called a meethome. It was an ideal center for 4packagelbs. fullyM.C.P.ripe Pectin;peaches;2 lemons3 lbs. orsugar;M.C.P.1

ing of the executive committee of the the mission headquarters. Lemonaffin. Juice; 10 sevenounce glasses; parBoard of Regents: W. W. Riter, GenAt the mission home there emaeral Richard W. Young, and the nated each month from the president HERE'S WHAT YOU DO!

noted Utah attorney, Frank B. and his coworkers, "The New Eng- 1. Wash, peel, and pit peaches; grind

Stephens. Trembling, too, in the lander,"a house organ designed as fruit. Add Vi cup lemon juice.

meeting, sat Levi Edgar Young, facmeans of communication. An ever- 2.fruitMeasureinto largeexactlykettle.4 level(Add cupswatercrushedto fill

ing what he properly thought was present need in organizational effort, out last cup, if necessary.)

3.his M.C.P. Pectin, stir well, Add bring to future a bleak in issue the designed also was dismissal—and to convey boil, stirring constantly.

factsview of his dreams. of As the the instructions of the presiding of- 4. 6 add level cups (previNOW, sugar

the case developed, the demeanor of ficer and, of great interest, a place ously measured), mix well, bring to full rolling boil. BOIL 4 EXACTLY MINUTES.the board members became stern and Field,) (Letters from the where the

fire, 5. let from boil Remove stir subside,severe. Suddenly, Mr. Frank of B. techniques actual turns for skim exmissionary and by 5 minutes.

Stephens stood his feet said: on and into 6. sterilized Pour glasses, perience, allowing of failure and success, could

1/2-in. for space sealing with fresh paraffin. I"Gentlemen, propose vote of a be reported It and shared by all.

thanks to Professor Young. He has would be natural, too, for President

shown us our clear duty and obligaYoung to receive many invitations to HERE'S WHAT YOU GET!

tion as regents of the university. I speak at colleges during his stay in

also move we consider for him a New England. Besides groups from

welldeserved promotion."nextdoor Harvard, he was able to

Thus the meeting which began meet with students from Mt. Holyoke, 10 SEVENOUNCE GLASSES OF THE

in serious vein, so far as the subject Tufts College, and many other inFINEST PEACH JAM YOU EVER TASTED!

of this story is concerned, ended in stitutions. Dinner with the Harvard

history department was also a weltriumph—triumph for the cause of

knowledge and the people of the come occasion. But perhaps the

state of Utah, who deserve books for item worthy of attention in these lines their young people as well as does is the remarkable conference, planned the Harvard library. Needless to and conducted by President Young in

say, the funds, although with some historic Plymouth, Massachusetts, trial and difficulty, were ultimately during the week of July 24, 1941. This

found to clear the purchase. The unusual affair was reported in the

university library today in addition Boston papers.

bears many books carrying the gift When the "mayor"—chairman of

A Product ofinscription of the former head of its the board of selectmen—was apCO. CITRUS MUTUAL PRODUCTS history,western and history and proached, the municipal Memorial

Established 1928 Anaheim, Californiapolitical science departments. (Continued page) on following

AUGUST 1952 613 LEVI EDGAR YOUNG

(Continued from preceding page)

Hall was made available for the connurture at the mission home after ference. With insight and good taste being released in the custody of Presiaimed at making lasting friendships, dent Levi Edgar Young—this prisoner

the leading Congregational minister had no faith, no background, no inof Plymouth was invited, and acheritance; but he took a chance one

cepted the invitation, to be present day and wrote a letter to the mission at the afternoon session to offer the office. of the told, is one This, when LAWSUITS invocation. City officials promiand experiof missionary most thrilling

FREQUENTLY FOLLOW nent women civic leaders were presences and reminds us of the great of the four biblical days. allegory: "I was sick, and in ACCIDENTS entThoughtfulon eachand kindly prison, behavior ye visited and me!"

it's too accident happens an When characterized the entire proceedings. his return Since from EngNew late to insured wish you wore that.. The result was when the conland, President as served has Young intentions won't take. good and

the place of protection when it ference adjourned, the earlier prepresident of the Utah State Historical to settlement. comes ask your So conference attitude of restraint and Society, his term extending over the review your local KOL03 AGENT to

auto insurance policy, and to show coldness had been replaced by warmth great centennial year, 1947. A beautiplaces other posyou where you and friendships. Numerous invitaful that the daily volume makes

sibly protection. need a repreAs tions were presented for the conferof journals piothe original of some sentative of the Intermountain

West's largest general insurance ence to return. neers of 1847 available to the readof strong, assure agency he can One of President Young's first acts, ing public is only one evidence of his all policies, types of stock company

insurance and prompt, fair settletaken as mission president in New presidency of this society. His life

ment of claims. England, was in connection with the and work as author, writer, Churchhealth of the members of the Church, man, and loyal American citizen have

and particularly of some of the chilcontinued to this day at quiet, dignidren observed in the branches. From fied, but determined pace, supported

his father, man of medicine that he faithfully by Sister Young.

interest was, plus of his an own, of If the a measure be man can FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. as a mission president young effect the roughly from he has made Bldg. 330 Judge Salt Lake City sparked

in Switzerland whence he attended on his fellows, this writer might ofthe great Nuremberg conferences fer the following evaluation. It is

on health, President Young has albased, not on the most intimate acentertained ways concern. much as quaintance, but one of his young NlWlcdmrnma recognition of the The citizens fellow Great Phyfellow and Churchmen

FOLDING sician and the power of his servants who has, at various times, received of his personality; the "impact"and

has, occasionally, received the \ CHAIRS touniquebless outletby administrationwhen one daywasa givenlong who distance telephone call, emergency in compliment of a few moments of nature, came from Sir Gilbert Parker friendly communication—on the camin New York City. The request was pus, after a meeting, in his home a

for President Young, an old friend, to time or two as a shy youngster in come to New York to administer to company with boys and girls, in the

Mrs. Parker, seriously ill. These are conference audience, in his office. It FOR CHURCHES AND

SUNDAY SCHOOLS sacred occasions, intensely personal may add up to something approachis in nature. Reference tubularhere in use! million Rugged Over made ing the stature the contribution and

styles: 3 seat wood, steel construction—8 this for the greatest respect fact, of President Levi Edgar Young: all for with steel, extra or upholstered, wide

maximum comfort. Write Dept. 169 but with the knowledge that Sir GilFirst of all, he has a profound faith

BACKinto framePANELwith bottomis deepformededge rolledsteelfor rigidity.for comfort, welded bert and President Young may not that religion is the only thing which

HINGEbelowSECTIONhinge rod, hasto distributereinforcingload.bar within frame above object to this testimony of a common will hold this divided world to peace and

CROSSinside of legsBRACESand riveted,of solidto resiststeel load.are shouldered against faith in the power of God to bless. and justice, and accord salvation to

GLIDES STEEL nonmarkingare rubbercrimpedshoes.around leg and capped with Not everything, obviously, can be our civilization. He fully senses, as durable,

Storage Trucks available for quick, easy handling told either about his life or the events a true historian, that all great creaof the New England Mission: Many tions of life whether political, social,

edmetican Sealt/ig Gtmpa/iy a Utah youth, studying at Harvard, or any other, cannot be made or built 2, Michigan Rapids Grand Distributors Branch Offices and in Principal Cities who came in for a blessing at crucial in a day or generation. Those great

periods of study and examinations; truths and principles of living which

the Baptist graduate students from do not mean a lessening of the spirHEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f life itual in University, Providence, of it Brown are but a clarification IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA k I help seeking growth. Righteousness, to of slow Rhode Island, who came YE be REST KINGS MOTEL on Ph.D. dissertations on the Mormade practical, takes a long time in

526 5TH STREET SOUTH Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner mons; the prisoner in the Massachuthe doing. He holds this profound

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager setts State Reformatory, who was rethought: "That persons not intellecBeautyrest Mattresses Throughout habilitated by visits in prison and by tually bright, perhaps not even edu614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

cated, are capable of living by something so advanced as the principles of the gospel. Yet that is a common

phenomenon.""Faith and not wisdom is the key to the kingdom of

heaven."He has stated his position repeatedly in the general conference sessions of the Church:

"Joseph Smith is the most majestic figure of the modern age. He walked

and talked with God and ushered in the new day which will bring the kingdom of God upon the earth....

"We have the age in which theProphet Joseph Smith lived. He was Meal

undoubtedly the greatest character in history since the days of the Savior of the world. He reestablished the

divine principles of the gospel of Ready /o eaf/

Jesus Christ in the day in which we live....

"The supreme test of religion is revelation. No religion can be persuasive and convincing that does not

rely upon and embody an authenticprinciple of revelation. Religion as a Europe

purely human product, valuable as be to progress,it might has human in Autumnnot to the inner vigor maintain a place of commanding power."Religion requires revelation. AFTER THE

Next, he has an appreciation for CROWDS men and for art in the broadest OFF SEASON sense, and by means of it, an appreFARES ciation for our heritage. Who can LOWER RATESever hear him discourse on C. E.

Dallin and the marvelous sculpture "Makes Ironing a joy—not a job,"says WONDERFUL

star of "What's McDonald,of the Angel Moroni, atop the pinMargret Worth. SCENERY Fort Cooking"on WBAPTV,

nacle of the Salt Lake Temple, and "If you're like I am, you love to do TOURS FROM $695 UP ever view that monument of life in beautiful, smooth, crisp ironing. It See us for details at no extra cost

the same light again? And then, makes you feel good to see neatly

with more seeing eyes, to look deeper ironed things come off pert and fresh

It's a ironing board. your from real UNIVERSALinto the meaning of life, into man's clean, sweet to pleasure put away

sojourn in mortality the ultimate and smelling, beautifully ironed laundry SERVICE TRAVELsignificance of of the gospel Starch Jesus each week. And Faultless HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

Christ? helps you enjoy your ironing. SALT LAKE CITY

One of Evan Stephens'hymns caralreadyFaultlessmixedStarchin—nocontainsironingironingaidsaidstories the title, "Sweet is the Peace the buy and worry about—no waxes on BOOK NOW FOR THE

Gospel Brings."To a world in which the bottom of your iron to clean off. CORONATION

the letter killeth, but the spirit givThat's why I say Faultless Starch while accommodations are still available a job. I cer- a joy—not makes ironing

this delightfullyeth life, in which serenity and assurtainly recommend ance seem to be needed as never bedifferent Faultless Starch."

fore, Levi Edgar Young is a solid, kindly example. For all of us who MAKE EXTRA MONEY

relish the ideal of eternal progress, The Friendly WESTERN Way!

21the Cards Christmas West. from Show new requireand inspiration in the who

sells fast, to $1 pays you Assortment Card up 50c Book, Address TREASSCROLL! GOLDENface illnesses of the discourageand Christmas Personalized For The Home,

Write others. experience URESCards, needed. now Noments, physical of otherwise, and FREE Imprint Samples. approval, assortments CO. SALT LAKE COSTUME Dept. 9 49 life, is STUDIOS,oncontemporary there ART better no 3-1031 St., Salt Lake City - Dial So. Main 248 Street, Spring California 12, Los Angeles WESTERN257 Southfor

tonic than to hear this good man, in richthe of his experience years, declare in a firm voice with and an THE IMPROVEMENT ERA emphasis profound and reverent: For Your Reading Pleasure Each Month of the Year

"The Glory of God's Work!"12 Issues $2.50

AUGUST 1952 615 o\xX &3<S?<>3<r<!<>&<>>*53*

Midway Islands

A Near lifetime of Service Dear Editors:

Tt is with humbleness in my heart and a sincere testimony of * the gospel that I write this letter. I am a priest from Phoenix

4th Ward, Phoenix, Arizona. I am serving in the United States

Navy at Midway Islands.

God once said, "Where a few are gathered in my name I am also."Here on Midway we have a few members of the

Church. But in this few stand the strongest testimonies I

have ever had the privilege to witness. We have nine members;

they are: Marvin L. Christensen, from Murray, Utah; Robert

L. Tucker, from Glendale Ward, Glendale, Arizona; Almon M.

Riggs, from Phoenix 4th Ward, Phoenix, Arizona; Ralph and

La Vern Millard, from Chula Vista Ward, San Diego, California; and Orien and Lula Mae Gossett, and their children,

Jean E. and Daniel T. Gossett, from National City Ward,

San Diego, California.

We hold Sunday evening sacrament services every Sunday evening at 5:30. Immediately following we attend the Protestant

services. After which we hold a gettogether similar to the

fireside at home. We sing songs and talk about the gospel.

We also hold Thursday evening family night: A time when

we have an opportunity to hear the gospel and to study the teachings of God. We are studying the Articles of Faith at the

present time. We also have about four boys who come to our

Thursday night services who are not members of the Church.

We hold our services in the home of Chief and Mrs. Gossett.

We have received some songbooks from the servicemen's committee. We sing together and pray together; by doing this we

have become as one big happy family. We have very few

facilities here.

Elder and Sister C. Lloyd Walch of the Union (Oregon) On holidays such as Easter, Mothers'Day, etc., Mrs. Gossett

is to the the us boys. goodness There and no end recently Stake their received Honorary entertains and Honorary Man M

feel Gossett Chief us boys love Mrs. Gossett have and to make nearlifetime awards. Gleaner spent Golden a have They

building up the Church in Union Stake. Elder Walch, a at home.

former bishop of the LaGrande First Ward, and counselor in Whenever we are discouraged because things don't go right, the stake presidency, and president of the stake, is now stake the Gossetts are there to remind us of the many blessings we patriarch. Sister Walch has served for a quarter of a century have received and most of all that we have the gospel. Chief

in the M. I. A. ward and stake capacities. They have four and Mrs. Gossett are indeed the most wonderful couple to

sons. Shown in the picture are Victor and David (standing), give aid and advice to the guys that anyone would want to

and Willard seated between Brother and Sister Walch. The know. The Gossetts are doing a wonderful missionary work

eldest son, Frank, is now on a mission in the Central States out here.

Mission. Whenever someone is ill, Mrs. Gossett takes cake and

cookies.... The boys really appreciate this even if they

don't understand the gospel and her reason for kindness. They

must know that this love she shows them comes from a true

Tying the Rose Bouquet and loving heart. After we have talked to the Gossetts, our

hearts are full of thanksgiving that the Lord has blessed us

Twentyone Mia Maids of the Baker Ward, Union (Oregon) with such wonderful and inspiring people....

Stake, recently participated in their rosetying ceremony. Two

of the class members were unable to attend. Five of the Mia Sincerely,

Maids are not members of the Church. The teachers are Almon M. Riggs

Dona Jeffords and Vernice Gwilliam.

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Perfect Pair for CANNING

Freshripe fruit at its peak of flavor and

Pure U""and—————II I CanningII I II. LJI V I Sugar.. II I <*f II I I

sm

and I StOCk UP On U now—it's perfect

for your most particular canning

v v

Always Buy U and I Sugar!

/ Jf Jtarina tke (looaJntn

M w *;iti -;:':"',..:,.S::.w.: v.--

''"f \?:

jfe

fef

.......:.:r.-Jf

"Gee, Dad, ifs so easy. *. when you know how!"

Yes, it is easy to expertly tie a fishing leader, to flick a fly into a troutfavored riffle, or just to enjoy the companionship and mutual understanding of father and son.

It's one of dad's many pleasant duties to teach his son the lure and lore of the great outof-doors. Dad has

another duty, too, in planning financial security for his son through the "growtngup"years and learning years.

This security can best be assured through a Beneficial

Life Insurance program.

Over onequarter Billion Dollars of

Life Insurance in Force.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company Dovid Q- McKay, Prei. Sott take City, Uloh

Z -................."'"..