** %.::!%

V- **

, RETURN!>-

L-SALT LA M*AT SALVAGE! One of the most important of

all home front duties. Here's why: Just one pound

of waste kitchen grease is all it takes for the gunpowder in 120 cartridges... bullets that may

help save American lives. Conserve every spoonful

of used fats. Your meat dealer will pay you in

both cash and precious "red"stamps. * And

here's a friendly tip! Prepare salvage grease

quickly, easily by this method: Put scrapings and

drippings into a pan, cover to prevent spattering and place in oven when you're baking or roasting (or over simmer topburner) and melt slowly, thus saving gas for vital war needs. Then

strain the "rendered"fat into a clean can. * Just

as easy as it sounds if you cook with clean, controllable gas... the economical fuel preferred

by eight out of ten western housewives.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving 23 Utah Communities

PATRIOTISM, POINTS, PENNIES Three reasons for saving every scrap of used fatsSERVING 1. THE WEST IN WAR AND PEACE

**- < w

*SXv;N

Xss-.J - v W.-.S*'.'*fen *+* <K>*vfr -j * ift*. **? **.

Im> *> '& *, '&.. v&s**'"* ''<>-:

..*'NS. // if

;>;:*rfft; v CJK - *::\ u

Li

#,..-.:*$ mm

/ // miV*

ft* 4ff-;1 888 I

M SfiffiM&v tf>:.-Sv

THE MOST DRAMATIC STORIES EVER TOLD

<27fe 1 "Era Improvement"THE GLORY OF GOD IS INTELLIGENCE

'imm* < dn d* /m m M tm mT irifT tM \rT m,tjj > iflinfr irffflT irfjn inW iffff tm m u rtfT <m dm ilffi ritt m m mm M m\ im it%M

JULY, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 7

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Jhe Lcouer Associations,Teachers, andDepartmentOther Agenciesof Education,of the ChurchMusic Committee,of Jesus ChristWardof Pivoneer

flag always flies *JJa Thein front Latterday Saints of the home of Betsy Ross, in for Perm., Philadephia, f July month THE in hours the dark in place holds a

fight for freedom, the of Jke Cditor6 all Latterof the hearts J-ar the that home was cen- A Family Temple Night... creatin activity ter of Heber J. Grant 425 dayreasons:Saints first,for twothe

which symbol ing a recalls Fourth of July unite all of would this counthat the vividly their great colonists in from dedicated Lhurch Jeatu.re5 try was

that struggle. Since the to the beginning

time, the qualities of Bishop: What Is Your Sense of Values? doctrines of liberty and

the flag have increased Marvin O. Ashton 428 justice for all; and

in their power to inUnited Order Feramorz Y. Fox 432 second, the Twentythe blue of fluence: the fourth of symbolField: July of to the Activity Report Another "Era"and Year

field indicates the of izes willingness the Success K. Orton 436 John truth; white strength of to leave great people a Reconciliations: Question, to and and Note June signifies purity of all possessed they and Literally? Translated Testament indicates the red the New mind; EvidencesLXXXII—Is desolate into a move

enwhich courage A. 445 Widtsoe John as one suitable region,

death; unto dures rattle429, 447 NoLiquor-Tobacco Church and The for trapper said Moves On 440

the ideals are the stars Priesthood: 446 Melchizedek coyotes, Music Page 454 snakes and

lend purpose which to Aaronic 448 unstinted 455 their Genealogy and by patriotism. 449 Field desert that Photos 457, 459 effort Ward Teaching make

is the cover The refuge of place a of photographic for work those worwould who re- E. Bonham, Martha the newly ship under

Charles E. touched by Church. Special}p jreaLeatures restored Jacobsen. Thou Hast Made Us to Incline to Thee....Levi Edgar Young 426

How Can I Quit Tobacco? L Weston Oaks 429

Resume of Laws Affecting Title to Utah Lands...HughaNeU 430 Executive and Editorial

Editors Apostate Factions, Following the Martyrdom of Joseph Offices:

J. Grant Heber Smith—Part HI—James

A. John Widtsoe The Spoken from TempleJ* StrangSquare....RichardE. Cecil McGavinL* Evans 433442 50 North Main Street, Word

Exploring the Universe, FrankThe Management of the Bad Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

Managing Editor lin S. Harris, Jr 419 Boy, Mary S. Kinney 450

Richard L. Evans Telefacts 420 Handy Hints 450 Copyright 1944 by MuSimilarities Between America Cook's Corner, Josephine B. tual Funds, Inc., a CorAssociate Editors - and Oceania, Charles E. Nichols 451 poration of the Young

Dibble 42 Out of the Junk Heap, Peter Men's Mutual ImproveJosephson C. Marba...452 Hunt of the ment Association 422 Books William Mulder the 453 from Camps of Christ News of Jesus Church of Faith, Albert L. Reward A Flag, Christine 456 Dryburgh All Saints. Our Latterday Zobell, Jr General Roberts..458 Manager Horizons, reserved. Subscriprights 424 New Noma

George Q. Morris Weary Not, Donald Bruce 338 Solution to June Puzzle 466 tion price, $2.00 a year,

Homing: Storage of Canned Index to Advertisers 467 in advance; 20c single

i Associate Manager Goods...: 450 Your Page and Ours 472 copy.

Lucy G. Cannon Entered at the Post

Business Manager (L*dltorial5 Office,Utah, asSalt secondclassLake City,

John K. Orton The Way of Unity William Mulder 444 matter. Acceptance for

Parental Opportunity Marba C. Josephson 444 mailing at special rate of

in for provided postage National Advertising Pioneers—1944 Style Marba C. Josephson 444 section 1103, Act of OcRepresentatives

tober, 1917, authorized Francis M. Mayo, July 2, 1918.

Salt City Lake S*torie$, \-oetr<t Era Improvement The S. Townsend, Edward P. Sharp 431 Confidence James responsible for unSan Francisco Katharine H. Taylor Success House 434 solicitedis not manuscripts, but

Dougan and Bolle, Frontispiece: The Shining Airplane, Rose T. Graham 421 welcomes contributions.

Chicago and Words, Arthur Wallace Poetry Page 439

New York Peach 423 To Think, J. Orval Ellsworth. 459 All manuscripts must be

accompanied by suffiMember, Circulations Audit Bureau of *>.*-'-*-*/i ****** cient postageand return.for delivery

CIRCULATION FOR THIS ISSUE: 92,000

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Should they ever be weaned?

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

HThe blackboard was invented by The thousands of babies who

Scottish Pillans, famous -"- James eduare fed Irradiated Sego Milk scholar,cator about 1823. and classical

He finally used a board of beechwood should they ever be weaned?

stained with logwood, after several experiments, and his students helped him Why should they ever be? Children, as

grind his chalks and mix them with colors. well as babies, need safe milk. They need

uniformly rich milk. And children through

the noncorrosive, strongTTantalum, * erthan steel, has all their growing years need more vitamin bluewhite metal, found new valuable uses recently. With D than ordinary foods provide.

a melting point about 5000 F., it has

been used for electric lamp and radio All these things are provided for children tube filaments. It is now used in mediat cine, since it is easily malleable; it has who use Irradiated Sego Milk—provided

been used for plates in the skull and lower cost since Irradiated Sego Milk costs plastic surgery. Tantalum has replaced

silk and catgut for sewing nerves toless generally than ordinary milk gether. Bone and tissue will grow over

tantalum and to it. A new type of glass

using tantalum with tungsten and Segd Milk Products Company lanthanum, with no sand, has doubled Originator of Evaporated Milk in the the lens speed in aerial photography. Intermountain West

:> Utah; Preston Plants in Richmond, and Buhl, Idaho

An "unsmkable"lifeboat has been ** designed and built by Francis Lowe.

It will right itself from a 99degree list.

The 55passenger capacity boat, if held completely under water, jumps to the surface when released. The drinkingwater tanks have twice the amount carPie Crust! You Bet!

ried in a normal boat.

"RTany of the toys played with in anMaking delicious pie crust is child s ** cient Athens and Rome are used also Sir today. for playthings D'ArcyW. play! Just use gmeSss, GRHHHMS us that the reminds first toyThompson

the infant has is his rattle; sometimes

anciently it was a little jug with pebwhole in your pie tin; or use

bles in it. The boys of old had a top, a

ball, or tambourine, a drum a mask to gfotuy&c*. crumbs. They're chockfriends, frighten horse. and a stick

Agesilaus, the King of Sparta, was found riding a stick horse for the amusefull of flavor—the perfect comment of his own small boys, and the

philosopher Socrates wasn't embarplement to any pie! But be sure similarly caught.rassed when Every

little girl had her own toys, especially dolls. "(ey re tffauy&c* GRHHAMS

A bout ten to fifteen thousand icebergs ishest things in town!

** break off the east coast of North

America and Greenland each summer.

The number which reach the northern shipping lines varies from a thousand to just a few for a year. Since the formation of the ice patrol, the course of

southern traveling icebergs is made known to shipping. Though rarely

reaching the shipping lanes, great tabular icebergs from the Antarctic have been observed one to two hundred feet high and fifty miles long. The North

Pacific Ocean has no iceberg menace.

(Concluded on page 420) JULY, 1944 419 1 TE1EFACT THE FOOD CONSUMPTION PICTURE (II) [ u. s.-per civiuan]

3DAIRY SUTTEf MAI CWCttN EGOS MtQDUCTS

MCTOGtAFH COVOBATtON—---

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE

(Concluded from page 419) muscles drives the naiad in a series of rapid spurts through the water.

rate appendicitis been has death HPhe * last in the half to almost * reduced four years. HThe Straits of Dover, as they are

+ * called on the English side of the

Channel, are called by the French, of chemists the duPont Company '"Phe Straits from of Calais (Pas de Calais) chemical developed * have a new side. city the French main on the The alwaysnew gift of process which makes wood extra

flameresistant, warpproof. strong, and influenza reduced of by were A TTACKS Mrs. J. G. McDonald's maple, than harder can be Poplar made ** in twothirds in men by vaccination

it that treated so can be cottonwood Training Prothe Specialized Army less than mahogany. The warps wood Selection ChocPersonal scattered universities at eight over gram air, the to in remove a is put vacuum winter the during States United the

is into the then methylolurea drawn soaked epidemic. and the olates will add to the joy chamber airless wood * the methylocontaining in a solution

are scents "\17arning possessed by the desired. include dyes if which can of your Anniversary. lurea,

orof the hymenoptera * * members the reaction with wood The chemical forms a hard, insoluble, unmeltable der of insects, wasps, and their relatives, resin from the surface into the heart of which are enemies of spiders. The

For more than 80 years, a the wood at a cost of about four cents spider's reaction to the scents is not only a board foot. to let these insects alone but often to

gift of Mrs. J. G. Mcfly away in apparent panic.

Tn the naiad stage of development, + fifty are about commerjet- is woods {\nly dragonfly * the young Donald's has been a part in varieties gill -* daily 1,100 of the the propelled. used squirted from Water

of many anniversary ritchamber by its powerful abdominal the United States.

uals. So continue the

customs with chocolates TEtlFACT which truly are the BEST RISE IN NET FARM INCOME of GOOD chocolates. 1939

Mrs.J.G. McDonald 1943

Chocolate Company (EST) Each symbol represents one billion dollars

Salt Lake City—Owned and Operated by

Mrs. J. G. McDonald and R. Neal McDonald PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

420. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SIMILARITIES

between AMERICA and OCEANIA PIONEERS

HpHE first oil refinery in Utah was built in 1909 by &u -Dr. Charlei <L. -Dibble Utah Oil Refinery Company on V4 acre of land,

leased from the Union Pacific Railroad.

T\R- Rivet, the French anthropologist, The first cracking unit to be installed in a modern begins his discussions of Melanesian influence in America with the staterefinery in Utah was built by Utah Oil Refining ment: Company in 1918.

Melanesian elements in aboriginal America are more important and more extensive The first pilot still to condense oil from coal and than the influences which derive from Ausshale in Utah was built by Utah Oil Refining Comtralia. pany in 1915.

America possesses a great number of cultural elements in common with The first oil pipeline to cross the Rocky Mountains

Oceania. They include the following was built by Utah Oil Refining Company in 1939, at

Blow gun, throwing stick, sling, double a cost of four and onehalf millions of dollars. If

canoe, similar decoration of the prow, tree it had not been for this pipeline it would have been house, musical pillow, hammock, wooden bow, shell trumpet, wooden tambor, fish poialmost impossible to transport crude oil into this soning, masked dances, head deformation, territory during this emergency.

the blackening of the teeth, and the preparation of alcoholic beverages by mastication. The first hioctane plant to manufacture hioctane

gasoline in Utah was built for Utah Oil Refining Turning to a linguistic analysis, Rivet finds that the languages of Oceania Company at a cost exceeding fifteen millions of dol- ( Melanesia, Indonasia, and Polynesia ) lars. Our plant now covers 135 acres of land in

show traits in common with the Hokan Salt Lake City.

languages in North America. (The Porno of California, the Yuma of Arizona, AS A PIONEER, WE SALUTE OURthe Sioux, and others.)

FELLOW PIONEERS!

Oceania Hokan head upoko epok mouth haha, aha aha, ha UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY large matoi mato man opa upa Manufacturers of Gasoline ocean tasi tasi (water) Pep88 Gasoline -Vico Motor Oils and Greases—HiOctane

sun laa, la alia, al Products of Highest Quality

Rivet concludes with bacteriological and medical evidence of the relationship and reviews the problem of a possible route to America. He suggests a route AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALLvia the Pacific and observes:

SINCE 1853 For a people who had demonstrated their prowess by discovering the many islands of the Pacific, their arrival on the American THERE'S A REASON—coast would be relatively easy. In fact, it LEVI'S

would be surprising if they had not done so. Others can't imitate LEVI'S!

AIRPLANE LEVI STRAUSS. A NEW PAIR FREE

By Rose Thomas Graham IF THEY RIP reocean'smyriadsblue of flying -fish skimming NONSCRATCH CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS

Think the sky's a lookingglass as they gaze at you?

JULY, 1944 421

(BodJuu

THE CHEMICAL FRONT

Alfred (William Haynes. A. Knopf,: ''$3.00.) York. 284 pages. MIANew

This is really a popular presentation of the recent progress of the applications the in warfare. However, of chemistry

are facts presented Reading Course Books numerous those now generally used in industry, medicine, and other human activities. Moreover, it out1944-45 lines coming world demands if the coming

will lead to prosperity. Whether technicalOfficially adopted and enthusiastically recommended are lyestedtrainedin theor not,informative,the readerunusuallywill be interwell-

these inspirational books: writtensmoke screens,chaptersbloodof thisbanks,book.drugs,Explosives,rubber,

plant foods, plastics, motor fuels, magnesium production, food dehydration, and many

Executives—"THE GOSPEL KINGDOM"$2.25 subjects between crowd the pages. It is a

for the to day, keep Writings of PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR book in the of the chemical gress day us up onfield—andthe prowe are entering a chemical age.—/. A. W.

IN Special Interest—"THE CHURCH WAR AND PEACE".$1.00 THE WAKE OF THE PRAIRIE

L By STEPHEN RICHARDS SCHOONER (Irene D. Paden. The Macmillan Co.

$2.75 ROBE"M MenGleaner—"THE 514 pages. $3.00.) trails pioneer of the over would go you IF By LLOYD C. DOUGLAS if of the as one the were West, you

prairie schooner companies, read this book.

Junior—"I WANTED TO SEE"$2.00 Youthe desert,will bumpfollowover thethe hillslandmarksand hollowsof theof

By BORGHILD DAHL course, and rub shoulders with the actual people who made and traveled the roads, and built the West. With them you will

Senior Scout—"FAITHPROMOTING STORIES"$1.00 face Indian massacres, buffalo stampedes,

Compiled by PRESTON NIBLEY births,floods, courtships,sandstorms,weddings,wagon deaths,breakdowns,burials, quarrels, and reconciliations, and the thouof the pioneer road. events one and Bee Hive—"TRAVELER'S CANDLE"$2.00 sand

alive. will come The past

By FLORENCE M. UPDEGRAFF The book is unique in structure, accurate

in historical detail, and vivid in the telling

Scout—"CANYON OF WHISPERS"$2.00 ofinformative,the westwardabsorbingmarch. interestIt is wellfordone,all. ofIt

By L. A. WADSWORTH could serve as a historical handbook for the

traveler between Missouri and California.

Mrs. Paden gained intimate knowledge

of the trails as, for nearly a decade, she accompanied her husband over the trails, and between trips by examining the literature of

DESERET BOOK COMPANY theform.—/.early A.West—inW. manuscript or printed

44 East South Temple Street BEFORE MAKING IMPORTANT

DECISIONS Salt Lake City 10, Utah... P. O. Box 958 (Roger W. Babson. J. B. Lippincott Co.

80 pages. $1.00.)

"THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"Thoughtful people welcome the spiritual messages of Roger W. Babson. Here,

(Concluded on page 456)

FAULTLESS FARM FUNNIES... goodbye to washday blubs.'GRAHAMHUNTEK

No, SE J(\CK,—Ves.wweep! COME. Look,mix!NOW -iws TOO TORTHEI NNCrtVT T\RV V\lHf\T (K T\r<\E Y00H00,wm\-) T\RESOV\E NO S WVER VJE'WE TOH\GHT. Ttt'USNHGV\OV\ES EOV.KS STfCtt f\RE FM)UVSS fcfc 5 tr\p next to -rovm ST\RR\N<3 OMER TH\sr"Autt\.ESSSTPRCH lAftKES so \RON\NG smooth Ff\UU\ tSS So STWRCH to usmoFftuULtSS get SUBE THESE, \T STOVE HOT \NE h r-iT-"CM*.ON NOV* ep*sw WlPSWftSS nesv? VOTVT AN9 WE SOW\E MORE. NNARtA forthe 1 StMICU WtfS J HOT.VJ\THY&RfECT \S!MPE \RON\HS AHS kTo MORE BUS STftRCH T\IAE, \U OTr TH\S UOORPtf BRREVS?\RST EOR AWS!!

\N\TttOUT MNNUTE A NENGHBOVU FftULlLtSS 5K tboKWG ST&RCW'THERE MUST BE Cot=\PENTmu N- \T SoiAETHWG TO 1 T\N\CE UFW FO\-VS SO TAPitW OR NOWf\S EGGS

SO BE GOOP WW1CH SO m?, YI\THTARNS

- ft ou wswpn? cheer pwounv VJOUUWTnam

TH'V\ f\CE!

"n'lViVi'i'iw g-,i5:->1f.-.-.v

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA;-**'-; -"*:.

m

StSWMj

ords

T.hese are the

shining words In a world grown dark When sullen guns

repeat old fears

In phrases stark

These are the noble words That like a flame

Brighten the ages

with a sign, A holy name

These are the shining words That call again:

Courage and faith—

across the world To the souls of men!

By ARTHUR WALLACE PEACH—Photograph by Marie Scacheri

JULY, 1944 423 Jl&eward of PA|T|-|

By ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Manyism, ofnowtheonconvertsa tiny steamerto Mormonin the homesick—homesickmidAtlantic, werewith seasickthe rememand

brance of the good but simple food that was theirs in a Denmark of 1869. The

memory of better days in a friendly native land was especially strong to Cathrine Henningsen Hansen Zobell as she sipped again the "sour soup"which had been concocted by the ship's cook. Although she had a grown son and two

daughters with her, that feeling grew as they arrived at New York, entrained for Chicago, and were said to be the first group of Scandinavian converts to travel by rail right to Ogden, Utah.

As they neared the mountains on the last portion of their journey, measles broke out among the children of the company, and two children died on the train.

The journey from "Tailor's Switch,"the rail terminus, to Salt Lake City was a daylong excursion with fast, desertworn horses, and soon the emigrants, and their earthly possessions, including the measles, were deposited on the

Tithing Yard, there to spend the August night with the stars as a roof. The next

morning an elderly whitehaired man came with a big basket of green corn and another basket filled with green cucumbers and began to toss them to the emigrants for breakfast. Cathrine

joined several of her friends in grumbling. Then her son, Hans, who was

well versed in languages, having spent ten years on the sea before the gospel found him, stepped to the brother, believed to be an Elder McMurray, and said: "There's a nineyear-old girl here

dying with the measles. I know. I have

seen death come before."

The brother touched the girl with his hands and then asked: "Are you people

Latterday Saints?"

"We are,"came the firm answer.

"Then let us form a circle around the sick."This was done, and the brother

prayed that God would give the child life's strength, and promised her that before the sun went down that day, she would walk upon the streets of the city.

This done, the elder disappeared from among the emigrants to perform other duties.

That was a challenge to Cathrine and all the doubters in the Tithing Yard.

They watched the strength return to the girl's body, slowly at first, and then to fulfill that promise to the very letter, as the sun was setting that night her grandmother took her for a little walk up what is now East South Temple.

And my greatgrandmother, Cathrine, and my grandfather, Hans, and those who had witnessed that modernday miracle, covenanted again to support the Church all the days of their lives.

Jeemote V flqkt 3amiliA fte J F YOU WANT TO DO A THING, YOU I CAN GENERALLY FIND TIME TO DO IT.

5u l-redldent *Meber sr. \irant

September the First Presidency of the to pass on to the other side and meet my relatives who

IastChurch asked the presidencies of stakes and have died without a knowledge of the gospel and am for neglect. going condemned be my -J to Priesthood quorums do the Melchizedek

I stir like to brothers and your up would you Nowto thoufor the one hundred the work endowment try sisters at least the to a week, to temple to get once sand men for whom the ordinance of baptism had and we will try to make Thursday our special night to previously been performed. I am greatly pleased go. I have managed to find time to go to theaters and

with the interest that many of the brethren have amusements in the past for years and years without taken and are taking in this work. going to the temple once. If I had spent the time in the

I at worthless shows, spent that Salt have Temple Lake I life buildinterested in the been All have my it for nothing far better to say me, been have would therein. in of performed the temples ing work and

those benefits that to accrued the have would about record, I obtained 1901 since Grant a Ever when the gospel. of die without a knowledge lines, who research along working someone had I have I interest than have always taken have more you As

and from four to twentyfour people doing ordiin temple work, I am going to trust to you to stir up nance work. It has been suggested that the results your family to get to the temple as often as possible.

of this activity, particularly an account of my Ever praying for your welfare, and with assurances personal participation, would be stimulating to of love and esteem for you and all your dear brothers the priesthood of the Church. and sisters, and asking that we make a specialty of

I will please dear mother work, your which temple know facts secretaries look of up one I have had my ever, as and father, I am, letter figures journal and book. from and One my affectionate uncle, Your

this letter contains item 24, 1 926, of December Heber J. Grant

Dear Brother Chipman: That the work was taking a strong hold on my

Thursday morning I was busy at my office until ten heart and that of the Grant family is shown by an mail. the Presidency's with o'clock went We then to entry of March 6, 1928:

Presifor the meeting of the the temple regular weekly dency and Twelve, following which I went through the Hyrum 's family are doing fine, going to the temple temple with the majority of the apostles and their wives. every Friday. That is the day we have set to go. We

It being the birthday of the Prophet, we celebrated it had twentythree a week ago last Friday and eighteen by doing temple work in honor of the founder of the last Friday who had endowments and then stayed afterChurch. wards and did a lot of sealing. Last Friday we were

sealed for twelve couples and had sixtyone children

It was in January 1928, that I decided to have adopted. I went through the temple twentytwo times

a weekly "Grant night"at the temple. We had a in January and February, which is a good record, and

splendid response from the following letter to I can go away now for a week without feeling that I am

Bishop Joseph Hyrum Grant. not keeping up my record of going twice a week, which

is what I have been trying to do for the year 1928.

My dearly beloved Nephew: I have become very deeply interested myself in tem-

I feel that I have sadly neglected my temple work. ple work, and am annoyed that I neglected it for

We have had about one meeting in a year or two of twenty or thirty or forty years when I could just as the Grant Family Association. well have done some temple work during all that

Yesterday I hired Brother Brigham S. Young to deperiod. Taking time to play golf taught me a lesson

vote his entire time looking after genealogy for me first that if you want to do a thing you can generally find and then if he has any spare time to gather up informatime to do it. I thought it would be a hardship to go

tion for a history of my life. once a week, but we went a little more than once a

I made up my mind a year ago that inasmuch as I week last year and have decided to go twice a week could find time to play golf nearly an hour or two that this year, and I have had no trouble at all in going more

I could find time to go to the temple for at least once a than twice a week while I have been home.

week, and I have no difficulty in arranging to go. I

don't have to get there until ten or fifteen minutes before From that time until my illness four years ago, six o'clock and I am out before ten every night. I have I endeavored to go to the temple once a week.

sometimes managed to go to the temple as often as Another excerpt from a letter of December 17, three times a week, and I feel that we should try to 1934, indicates our participation as a family in arrange for you and your good wife and for other this wonderful work:

members of the family who are within reach to also go to the temple, and that we should be actively engaged It may be of interest to you to know that on my in this work. birthday there were fifty of the family—including some I realize that as I am seventyone years and past, of my brother's relatives—sat down to dinner in the

unless we do something in the near future, I am going (Concluded on page 471

Jke Cdltod fifeaaet 425JULY, 1944

THOU HAST MADE US TO

rvicilne to Jkee reality is a called permanent edge, for its home is in the deepest naTherereligion; form, with of spirit and with ture man.

word and life. Without any extraIt has been truthfully said by the

ordinary effort, thoughtful men and world's great thinkers that the words which at once declares and continually women can have it, and rejoice in it. It found in the first chapter of Genesis are asserts his relation to the eternal. Man

is a reality of the spirit; it is sanctified unsurpassed in the literature of man. is in the image of God, and both his

by the body and spirit of man, for both Human history has no words more body and spirit are divine. The

the spirit and the body constitute the eventful than these: Greeks saw the beauty of the husoul of man. This was the teaching of man form and they declared that it was

the In beginning created the heavens related God to the gods. truths eternal The isthe Smith. Religion Prophet Joseph

earth; the and of of Holy every Writ demand man is torelated experience something and said, light: there.. Let. be And and God divinity the of recognition there the of the lies inthat souls deeply the of men.... light, was are human dependmore we it is that there true areWhile today and body—for created in his God image. And man own

for physical conditions ent on our hapreligion, schoolsever of have been many we are concerned with the true relation piness and for our goodness than we hath thing every in beautiful lives made his realize. He take color our from Our thisof to to learn have and God, man we

time: also set the hath their he in world health. state of close connection "The It accept employ. toand is given and us heart, that find so no out the can man work is solemn a between mind and body Light, itself theas and cannot be that the from maketh beginning to the God fact."Health duty, becomes a and in In hands. studies ourchanged our (Eccl. of end. 3:11.)

wilful to every of disobedience the laws all ofthe Bible other sacred books and is health keenest wrong. brain The is eternal there a truthGod, truths service of could be more Few point—an its health a foundation of needs to do full in which, consent, with our bringing right to the apprehenman—at best therefore put work. We should begins.thought love sion the his superb himself, in the of of place and We the treatment of the whole upon bodytones primal of the in universe, the words: respect be- "In high quickening a

ginning, God."This is the greatest of and regard for his splendid possibilities a moral basis. The body should be

all certainties, and is more than knowlin character and achievement than that treated sacredly as an integral part of human nature.

HPhe Apostle Paul had been speaking

A to the Corinthians and admonishing them to remember that their bodies were the temples of the Holy Ghost and then he adds: "Therefore glorify God

in your body and in your spirit which are God's."There is something in man's

bodily constitution that symbolizes his divine origin. The human frame in its

delicate proportions is the most beautiful of all natural objects. There is a

sacredness to it, derived from its association with the spirit, whose fit abode it is, and the physical body is more profoundly connected with the invisible world than is any other thing in nature.

The revealed truth given to the Prophet

Joseph Smith that the spirit and body constitute the soul of man finds ready acceptance by the Latterday Saints.

There is a close connection between the laws of health and the principles of truly healthy man with ONE OF THE morality. A

OLDEST BIBLE cleanness of blood, a clear brain, and

MANUSCRIPTS IN healthy tastes will keep free from evils;

EXISTENCE—the body should be treated sacredly as

IN THE an integral part of human nature. Every

SINAI act of intemperance of whatever sort;

MONASTERY every sin against the physical constituPhotograph by tion; every wilful neglect of the laws

Underwood Underwood 6 of health and moral life injures self and prevents one from living right.

Herbert Spencer in his book on education says: "Few seem conscious that

there is such a thing as physical morality. If bodily transgression is vicious, so

breaches of the laws of health are physical sins."The knowing of what is good

to eat and drink, and living by that 426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRESIDENT I** o*mLEVI EDGAR YOUNG OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

knowledge brings about a state of mind and a spiritual glow which are essential to high living.

"NANY of the Indian tribes of America * A have a fine conception of the importance of the body and its health and strength. Charles Eastman, a fullblooded Sioux Indian, writes in his

book, The Soul of the Indian:

The moment that man conceived of a perfectenduring—inbody, supple,that symmetrical,moment he laidgraceful,the founand

dation of a moral life. There was aroused

in him as a child, a high ideal of manly strength and beauty, the attainment of which depends upon strict temperance in eating, together with severe and persistent exercise.

With what beauty of word does St.

John the Divine write of the Savior in personality: of his description "The mnStBsR.'....

: -:-.,...:-,...-:.-.. -...,...- V.,-... flesh, and dwelt among Word was made

us, { and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) A THRESHING SCENE IN THE HILLS OF GALILEE full of grace and truth."(John 1:14.) ment is derived from two Biblical pasIN PALESTINE, THE WOMEN WINNOWING

The perfect body was a part of Christ's sages: "Honor thy father and thy moth-—Photograph by Underwood & Underwood

glory. er that thy days may be long upon the

in later land."passage (Ex. 20:12.) A Clothe the naked, and shelter the homeshall Leviticus fear reads: and rev- "Ye Home Life in the Bible less.

erence, every man, his mother, and his faVisit the sick, bury the dead and comfort

Among the many secondary books ther."In the reversal of the words "fathe mourner.

** that will interest the student of the ther"and "mother"in this second inSupport the widow and instruct the faHoly Bible are Dr. Neil's Life in the junction was to establish equality... therless.

Holy Land and Mrs. A. T. Roberson's neither the father nor the mother was to Ransom the captive.

for garments the orphan and proMake are Ministry They Women. interesttake of the precedence of one other. The maiden. betrothed for the ing give ideas concerning as they many life opvide survived reason has why Jewish

home life in the Bible. Marriage was a pression and persecution through the Legend throws this code back to the

sacred thing in ancient Israel and the ages is because it has been deeply rooted first Hebrew, Abram, to whom it was many descriptions of the love between in law. The eminent scholar, George revealed as a prevision of the principles

man and wife become fine lessons for Foot Moore, formerly professor of Sethat would underlie the law which was the youth of all time. Read how Isaac mitics at Harvard University tells us in to be the heritage of his posterity. The

brought the beautiful Rebekah into his his Judaisim in the First Centuries of the record of this revelation in the book of tent.. Sarah's, mother, he. and status of the loved Christian to Professor "Legal George according Exodus, Era—that

his after mothher; and was comforted to discloses the basis law compares Jewish of Hewomen under Foot Moore,

er's death. Jacob and Rachel loved each its advantage with that of contemporary brew law. Moses received the law

other with deep devotion for "Jacob civilizations and represents a developdirect from God, yet he had to descend served seven years for Rachel and they ment of the Biblical legislation consistto his people, and present it to them. In

seemed unto him a few days for the ently favorable to woman."(Vol. II, the assembly at the foot of the mountain

love he had for her."Mothers taught p. 127.) were men, women, and children. These

their the the Lord,"children "ways of lived under the law, and after all the Jews settled in Rome When:28 31 read in Proverbs and we assent, their exclaiming: "Weall hearpledgedand how the of Palestine, conquest Jewish Roman

"Her children arise up, and call her women organized into groups in the we obey!"The commandment was ratiblessed."When the law was offered to Jewish communities to render aid to the fied by the voice of the people. Comto Sinai, according Israel at the women, in described munity and home life as fatherless in want. dethose and The

writers, the first were Jewish many it plain Exodus and Deuteronomy make their duties in to scription of the is found pledge obedience. We know that the Rabbinic Code: that children were taught the principles

early expositors of the law declared of Jewish law. "Children are an heritage

that man and woman were equal before Feed the hungry and give the thirsty to of the Lord"says the 127th Psalm, and the statutes. The authority for this statedrink. {Continued on page 470)

JULY, 1944 427 IS YOUR EiiLo:ip: WHAT

SENSE OF VALUES?

other words, bishop, "do you see

INgold in them thar hills"? When arvivi LJ. tshton Colonel Tackling surveyed the sandy &f OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

hills to the west of Salt Lake City, his sense of values told him that hidden therein were millions in copper.

It doesn't take much intelligence, a specimen would make a Man of War, of three million of his fellows? Who

when gold is flashed in your face, clipping off a mile in one minute and would have dreamed that that same felto realize that you are beholding a prethirty-seven seconds? low would some day give a threeminute

cious metal, but what is important is to We are still talking about hidden talk that would be heard around the discern value when it is obscured or values, but what we want to emphasize world, and every letter of it be cut in hidden. The virtues of grace and beauhere are hot horses, swans, and elestone and cast in bronze, throughout

ty were hidden in the awkward clumsy phants, but things decidedly more prethe civilized world?

personality, if you please, of the Ugly cious, boys and men. Yet, the above Bishop, do you see those values unDuckling. Jumbo, the elephant, was comparisons may help us to keep in der that mat of unkempt hair sticking

loved by the millions of children of mind eternally that sometimes a boy's through the straw hat of an American

Great Britain for a generation or two. outward appearance may throw us off boy? Bishop, do you have the discernHe was world renowned for his almost the track in appreciating those hidden ment to see behind the inquisitive misunbelievable dimensions, but he was values that perform such miracles. This chievousness of an Edison the world

once the scrub of the herd. It took a unkempt, awkward product of the fronlight-flooded with an incandescent

P. T. Barnum to see this hidden value. tier, sprawled on the floor putting into lamp? Bishop, it was that kind of stuff

Now look at the awkward unsymmetrihis head every piece of knowledge and that gave you the steam engine, the Ben

MAN OF TOMORROW

—Illustrated by Nelson White

cal, unpromising colt in this picture. inspiration from the pages of a book Franklins, your Lindberghs, and MacBishop, have you noticed a young read by the flickering tight from the Arthurs. If you see the possibilities of

you'll lad over had that have would all open of proporwhom out fireplace—whothoroughbred—how

if that that that him love you to prophesy same the audacity much awkwardlook-tion youmore—andpreside, he appears—long,

rest that him, log cabin don't about the in love worry joints? of humanity piece we knee legsing and oversized

When you looked him over, were you would forty years later sign a document of it.

impressed that in a couple of years such that would break the chains of bondage (Concluded on page 466) 428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.::

while much help can be given one who is sincerely determined in his struggle,

I no individual can do the job for another. HOW CAN QUIT The once popular notion that some

drug could be secretly included in a smoking husband's coffee and destroy his taste for tobacco had no foundation? in fact. Job,acco Perhaps, from this point, brevity and

clearness may best be served by using a method of questions and answers

By L WESTON OAKS, M.D. 1 How Shall I Proceed?

Having considered the above facts

bondage, you may begin in either forHeretionsare presented some suggesbacco, liquor, and similar habitforming and arrived at your decision to break drugs. those gentleman win had your who would who A certain of two ways to thirty tobacco's release ceased from smoke cigarets hold upon some

them. The measures set down have years previous was heard to remark (a) Stop short off, and not touch anbeen gleaned from various sources, and that he still had the desire for a smoke other smoke or chew thereafter. This

it is earnestly hoped that some of them whenever he came into association with serves for the strongwilled person may prove helpful. others who were smoking. especially, but is also good for some of

Craving for tobacco is strictly an acThe physical craving already menthe weaker ones who cannot follow the quired thing. No one ever had it naturtioned is of short duration, once the tosecond plan because of being unable to

ally. It exerts its power over the user bacco has been discontinued, and two to stick faithfully to its conditions.

in two definite ways. Number one is four weeks will usually see it over with. (b) Gradually taper off on amount

purely physical, and grows out of efAs has been suggested, duration of of tobacco used until none is taken. If

fects of nicotine upon the nervous sysmental craving will depend upon how you have been accustomed to smoking tem, especially. Any powerful sedative firmly the individual can set himself fifteen cigarets daily, reduce the number

drug, when taken for a time, is said to against it. The story is told that Mark by one each day until the zero day,

induce production of certain antibodies Twain was able to meet this only by then leave them alone from that time on.

or chemical substances to neutralize, so converting himself to look upon tobacYou cannot win, if you give way now far as possible, ill effects of that drug. co as his mortal enemy and to hate it and then and smoke one or two because

Thus the body develops tolerance tolustily. some friend ridicules your silly notion

ward a poison and is enabled to deal of leaving them off. You will only have

with it. Consequently, smoking as it is The Desire to Quit the whole thing to do over again. Succontinued, does not produce the dizzi- "Taturally then, there is one thing cess requires all or nothing.

illnessness, general nausea, and which *"thing one only and which is ab- 2. Will a Change of Surroundings arise experience.frequently a first from if solutely setting necessary, are you Help? antidrug substances deThese same fight to out against the your win tobacveloped for defense of vital processes in co habit. That is a strong desire and That would be of great benefit, if

one's body are themselves abnormal, stubborn determination to succeed in it. your work takes you more or less conand serve only to attack and neutralize If you have any reservation in your stantly into association with others who

in a measure the poison which caused mind, if you are not quite convinced that are smoking. However, if you approach

their production. Therefore, when the you are ready, if you are not sure the this thing in the right spirit, such an enpoison fails to be supplied to use them results and the blessings that will come vironment will not cause you to fail.

up, they are said to set up a disturbance from it are worth the fight, you had as There is no doubt that association with of their own, which is recognized as a well not begin, because this particular persons who do not use tobacco is a physical craving for the drug that stimubattle was probably never won by anygreat help, under such circumstances.

theirlated development. one who entered it that way. Also, {Continued on page 466)

factor is mental or second The psychic. And, whereas the physical

hunger for nicotine is speedily overcome and finished, this craving existing in the mind may with some persons last throughout life. It is purely an outgrowth of an established habit, yet the

most stubborn and persistent force a person can have to face. It will drive a

man to drink liquor when he honestly desires to avoid it, when he knows full well that to do so will bring hunger and sorrow upon those whom he loves better than life itself. It compels the morphine addict to lie, steal, and even

worse, that he might obtain the poison which brought about his enslavement.

Habit is one of the strongest forces in human life—for good or evil. Good

habits are a salvation to the fortunate possessor. Bad ones are a continual

trial and curse to him who desires to be liberated from them. Some individuals

are sufficiently strong in will power to stop almost any habit at once and never indulge in it again. Most of us must do

it more gradually, and with continued effort over a long time. Especially is

this true of the mental craving for to-—Illustrated by John Henry Evans, Jr.

JULY, 1944 429 six months after the first publication of such notice, were required to state inRESUME OF LAWS writing the interest claimed in such land and to file the same with the clerk of county. the court of The probate Aiffectina Jitte to Ultah <=Lana5 the the staterecord to clerk was required

ment in a book and file the same in his notice to act to as office, a which was * O'NEIL By 7 HUGH inin settlerssettlers firstnrst thetrie arrivedarnvea hen { in interest such c aiming personsWhen S C nW - in the filing claim 11 a not land Anyone small region a ofTU tthe was Utah t con. not rf hts in were barred forever period scribe<J The was H to territory belonging vastpart of a t it gOV States United insofar tested gs Qr Uw year, less In however a thanMexico. Indian the but concerned, time not the extend was could emment judge that dmthe

all r ceded Mexico, been yet tifcles not first lands theS to b the had from? a in the Treaty Statest to the of United YTK it.F?bT people the consequently, extin uished; cause. for notice, of iication good effort had Hidalgo.of Guadalupe No holdi were sections gettkd alrad fa J courc prooate was. ]..,,, 9 secure to pioneers thebeen by made,, Inin squatters,cauatters l Deue claimants, adverse t hearingsi on 7hoId the title to arants land ufrom bv,o Mexico s iytbe Cmber 'to President kept be full,m were minutes *>r which,hA occupieu.occuDied uiey fft the thatlanoblandsXv j to recommended sage i853Congress triethe b b deoe fromirom An 'annealappeal n, it Pr,r,rnvp>daPP.ro declared, had Brigham Young a*T overover UtahLitan svstem extendedextenaea iyed stem bce allowed was the probate of mdge dsion? toiu outout toto measuremeasure policynolicv thetne A beoe f..wouldwotua passed later an Act year was a About Ai*trirt h mnrt n C a a m sutof a appointment lands aulhorizinS apto dataants adTee l?no er ses o No pp SSaZeK CUrl WaS thc Prbate refused or feU who fanTandftSeUy land y \Sm*- rerules to be the abideto by Were Congress's SAlST3 '*%5&fe 9 live elsewhere.. to yquested TIXftfSrt, * iTjA L f survevsurvey ofor aa armointmentappointment the>the utWizpdauthorized claim,i of validity satisfied 1Ythe with wajJ leadershipleaoersmp, riahtrignt Fxercisina thetne Exercising of01 territory, provided for orgenerai TJtah thecue onon enteredenierea hiHament toto be oe judgment waswas. u. the of the members and YoungBrigham f ffc tit]etitle aariculturalagricultural toto IndianIndian fhtne of kept to be minutes and fun record j lots selectedseiecteaiou, lot/, 1847 7/, AuaustAugust twelve,Twelve * onon extinguished. iands be minerai and after the artion was which 9 iudae'resalso site, making temple thenear?t. ioo:> treatvtreaty 1865 lfteretore durinaauring aa (lu Therefore JuneTune *Y of the w futhe to *:fact mayor the tQ tneirtheir certify orof fortor immeimmeprvationservations membersmemoers f tribes. a D Utah -Wlth number was made a deed make /own would who right 'of marwho, bydiate companies to all u claims relinauished thev P IuZ T?to f ve nce con *e, land, lots to entitled and were, oes territory a except tne witninSrttffihrttoexcertTdcsyf probate the Par> entry by snf made wherebvS was rrivf>w original Alai- 'menmen. nnmarripdunmarried toto given beingriage,nhpinnnone -,, l reservation. iqnated A., y convevanceconveyance aa tnto > maumaKe Jud9e selected lots it is that clear were,wasthouqh fe Th

saAssfsiflrst methd secure settlers a the didiJS'ipssiscM n4r claimant the judge probate the wassrto*per Sto naStv title to legal culd filed his to landS; be ciaim was to any wherebY theY allotall that Instructions issued were for Ver the land had adjoining of court an the probate with they on Vcterld aSy tb* umen'sre actalthough obtainOCCUd his SJuatters, handle court county, would which, as ****& It Bullock to keot Thomas be bv Xears untl1 obtained not was claimants, for other outlined 'as claim ydWtfslo\rltTl7\nlolat f* claimants notice to adverse giving. 18? aucertificates approved bysurveys,

1 8 67 'c%of March Act the a 'tOWn rtfciJP r lty 'Pr considered be shoufi surveyorsthorized, may/ t?', r inall authorities of corporate the that f of untice an the ju peace the of thrUgJor to the for holder the to % itle possession of the cities the of judge corporated and If claim the was town. incorporated described. therein land ofamount setland the enter should court county i-.i >-t- udqe probate iL or, was the * j mavor validV 1

land the their or and county city tled If conviyance. of deed Q executed - h'avf Thomas landndTo SUch to to J&5& deeded be was city or incorporated of corPorate the an mayor P assignassSn surhsuch aa rtnrHrecord ofofBullock632 keepWn or trust the use in judge authority or the ant> record. yalid daim until iodu.ments t0wn lands inhabitants. the benefit of The and to execute city or er was f such town

Although the Mormons organized a were to be disposed of to the proper tbe deed conveyance to the mayor provisional civil government during persons under regulations to be preUpon the certificate of the probate court of Prounder the name 1849, legislature. territorialMarch the scribed all in by allowed of venue was A change ot the Mate of visional Government Congress act of suits of By an law. as in cases, the of July 16, these same

Deseret, it was not until March I, 1868( it was ordered that the public Within thirty days after expiration recorder office of county that the 1850, constitute should territory lands the of statements, of six for filing of months this otIt duty ot created. was thewas district, to be named iand a new authorities Utah the corporate probate or the

transfers or conveyances ficer record to that preemption district, and required homejudge a statement were to make creathe With or tenements lands of United o the laws other steads and of in c q acquisition a ded mQn of the efforts office, the this of tion it. over extended States should be file title it in the to to the and iands

Church leaders to determine whether The Utah territorial legislature in an office of the clerk of the probate court.

or purchased, sold to be 1 land furwas 1 7, 869, February approved were Act authorities or the probate corp0rate The early tor relinquished, apparently also folto be procedure the ther outlined all collect t judqe required were transfer the mention year of this title the deeds of the legal in grant lowed ing of the the acquisition charges due in of lands for a consideration. land to the settlers. The corporate autitle> before making a deed of conveyDuring the existence of the Provisionthorities of a town or city or the probate ance. The money collected for lands

al Government of the State of Deseret judge of any county were to convey was to be paid into the county treasury many land grants were made to individtitle by a deed of conveyance. for the support of common schools in

uals by the general assembly. The corporate authorities or the tbe city or town.

When Utah Territory was created, it probate judge were required, within {Concluded on page 457) was provided in the Organic Act that thirty days after the entry of the lands, the "lands were to be surveyed under to give notice by publication in a newsdirection of the United States governpaper once each week for three sue- o&SSlJiS.tember 9, 1850; Compiled Laws o{ Utah, 1888: United ffHgri to notice i cessive the months. was bringing same The to preparatory ggj-j. ment * Jg con- | | Statutes, 2387; Section Acts. 1901, States lands United of the description ued tain the an accurate Act Organic the p market."into By

of LegislaISth Memorials Annual and 1 AicdisimjlxjoAinvolved. *V.the rim->T,primary.l,:JJforbidden were people 7. pages Utah, Chapter Territory Assemblyi of Resolutions,fiue

1 1 1, 4-6, 869, within lands, approved February of such claimants soil. Any the of posal

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CONFIDENCE

Dm dam,e5 [-.'Syrian<p

The stars winkedand blinkedM,.idnight.as if playing a friendly

game. excould be heard a sound Not to fall off. He stopped the horse and eyes. Then he said to me: "Get on your trottingcept the horse along the trail,

the creaking of the saddle, and the spur said: horse and notify the relatives. You will

chains hitting on the bottom of the stir- "Clara and her baby are both dead."find them up either in Headwaters,

Little Valley, or Better Valley. Horse village In a small country death whenrups. nearby. howled An- A coyote

it so as to be there when leave now strikes it affects just every as if home literallyother took it up until it sounded as if thousands were making the night one of their own household had passed comes daylight and you can see, for all is will they the need to there time away. wailing. theirhideous horse with The

here."get his as horse helped from and him tense hehad been and nervous but We now

I all told horses saddle him were my sat told steps the he us on wesettled to easy an running walk down this—for in the pasture, miles three and away fortyeight at sat the bedhe hours had ifas sat relaxed. completely rider The chances becould catch were not one his side sister of leaving. without She alertthere thinking wide awake and

fore daylight. cousin, Sharp, Adam IMy at died that had he day and noon had thinkwondering wondering,and and

there with me. saying, was spoke up He forty ridden bring the miles to sad newsing

Steel. to ride "You're welcome Blue father young husband and was—the I short before, hours Three had his That's old range he and can you bringing in bodies the a whitetop—the filling store after the largelocked door a trails. there the shortest not by funeral Whytake to they held at wished noon be toorder that early out go was Monday take him?"following the someone and must daymorning. other young came men Two I hesitated. not? bishthe Then Why the see digging notify about grave and foralong talked stopped and a and we said; op waiting for?"you "What in relatives the mountains some backfew minutes horseman a saw when we

I their explained this to that with on. sheep, go him not could horse he and was hillriding the distance short over a considered an that outlaw every bucked his told helped horse on him and in We the westaway. low was moon The time large one any rode him and he was to for notify him go home, would we it clearly see not couldand was we who carry to enough to a the of any end man everything. see bishop to would who notice that didbut the horse a the was we trail cat. nimble as as and a tired to the animal. Right themighty entered of the up home we When at for looked a He and me momentstore the the for preparing horse bishop he bed. and came saw was we He said, then "Trouble with young you in hisrider in listened tears silence as saddle, over to slumped about came his people of today everything have is—you to come too you easy and have always

an excuse ready for any and every/occasion. Adam here has confidence", in;

the ability of his horse to take you there, and I have confidence in your ability"1 to bring him back, and I don't want to see you come limping down "'the"road with a lot of excuses. Do you think: I:

relish the idea this of going through tonight asking town people 16 meet'mej at the cemetery at daybreak id"dicpthe/

I grave? criticism,* like the you think Do

;i that will certain cmtside'fs from come

find I they when have

1 broken; digging a grave? bath by Howtne'would"'Sabyou like to conduct the funeral tomorrow? I asked you to get.word to those

boys and I expect you to do it even if you have to walk.":

He'put on his hat"ahd"'coat.and went

out of the house. "V

W,t t E three youngsters got up

I stables to the and got went where

TOUCHED WITH HIM saddle blanket, bridle, chaps, my and

IMSPURS MY/ AND carried spirs those to cousand we my

I MEDIATELY WAS ON in:s; place. Steel led Blue out we When TOP OF A TORNADO

ofli|te stable, he lifted up his head and gave a loud snort—a defiance to us. We

tied his front feet together and put a blindfold over his eyes. Then carefully

thfe saddle was cinched tight, the front feet untied, and while my cousin twisted the horse's ears I eased myself into the saddle and pulled up the blind not knowing what to expect. The unexpected happened, for the horse gave another snort and trotted off like a well

broke animal.* >-. -;-,

[As I. rode awa: I he&rd the other

(GorifihueSoripage 458 JULY, 1944 AW UNITED ORDER

Ijidcrimination in the Ulde of Jeermd

used as for a Smith by Joseph name desires to understand By the general of system more stewardWhoeverthe literature the of Mormon 3 ships in attempted County. Jackson that people deals with Y. FOX, PH.D. their soFERAMORZ

cial ideals and experiments, must exercise considerable care in confining the President, L.D.S. Business Tf there has been confusion in the use

meaning of terms to their original sigCollege of the title united order, there has nificance. Much confusion has been ocbeen more in the use of the designation

casioned by the current acceptance order of Enoch. In the scriptures reamong the Mormons of the term united vealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith the

order as a general designation of ideal following occurs: "And the Lord called

economic systems from the days of the his [Enoch's] people Zion, because

Prophet Joseph Smith to the present 1844 to 1874, the words united order they were of one heart and one mind, in righteousness; and dwelt there and time; the appellation used. whereas never was used were

them."4 beno poor It has among the his contemporaries Prophet and by Smith gave the name united were Joseph

in a most restricted sense, and never order, which he used interchangeably come customary among Mormon writthereafter found its way into the literawith united firm, to a jointstewardship ers and speakers to refer to this happy ture of the church until Brigham Young of five men, later seven, constituting a economic condition of the inhabitants applied it to the system inaugurated in board of trustees to hold certain church of the Zion of Enoch as the order of 1 874. Neither Joseph Smith nor any of properties and to supervise the operaEnoch. Likewise, Joseph Smith's ideal

his associates ever referred to the Jacktion of mercantile establishments in system is often spoken of as the order son County experiment as the united Ohio and in Missouri. Their functions of Enoch, it being supposed that the two

order, and it is an anachronism to apply and responsibilities were quite similar systems are of the same pattern. But

the title to that program. to those of the board of directors of a the name Enoch was also used by the

Outside of a dozen references in the corporation of the present time, holding Prophet as a substitute for his own

Doctrine and Covenants and the Prophand managing business properties for and when so used the order of Enoch et's own History of the Church, the the Church. The proof of this statecould have meant, in the opinion of the

words united order may be looked for ment is ample. On April 26, 1832, leadwriter, the order of Joseph Smith and

.in vain prior to their use by President ing elders of the Church held meetings the city of Enoch the6 city of Joseph

Young at St. George as a designation in Zion during which the Prophet preSmith (Zion City). As so used, the

for the system he was then proposing. sented by revelation a command that order of Enoch has the same meaning

the united order therenot and would it beenHad common practice to refer five K. as Rigdon, Newel men—Sidney signify fore the broader system planned to the socioeconomic arrangements (all of KirtWhitney, Joseph Smith

made in Jackson County as the united land), Oliver Cowdery, and Martin for the members of the Church.

(Continued on page 459) order, have been the name would used organized of (both Harris Zion)—be subsequently as label in a convenient affairs of the the "to manage 96:1-9; 104:1- 78:9; 92:1-2; poor, and Doctrine and Covenants

the frequent 53: Smith. the allusions that 1:267, History 270, to 363; 340. Church of experiment all bishopric pertaining to the things

11:21, 49. the for his book The the devoted in sermons to consecration in the in the land of Zion and both fell into the United Order Mormons,title Geddes In Amongchoosing

error. of property a the prevalent of of a system book, stewardand second The The or- [KirtlandJ."of land This Shinehah

the Allen, United Second Order Mormons, Amongtitle 'ships. fact, a matter of the though As to an appointed is ganization be also misleading. until was there There can be no second

1 is first. ideal social in a attempted system Jackof everlasting In the order."minutes

Price, of of *Pearl Great Moses. 7:18 Book frequentlyson County discussed was eforganization thus the in the meetings title; title. 3-4; 78: Doctrine 82: Covenants and

104-. title. title: assemblies 2 96: the during periodMormon is the united fected to as referred firm.

In later revelations this body of men is

JOSEPH SMITH designated as the united order or simply BRIGHAM YOUNG as the order.

Those who have become accustomed to think of the united order of Joseph

Smith as coextensive with the stewardship system can find further proof of the restricted sense in which the term was used in the following sentence from a letter written by Joseph Smith April 21, 1833, and dispatched to his brethren in Zion: "For your satisfaction I have

inserted a revelation given to Frederick

G. Williams the 15th of March, 1833.

constituting him a member of the united firm."The inserted revelation is this:

"Verily thus saith the Lord, I give unto the united order... a revelation and

commandment concerning my servant

Frederick G. Williams, that ye shall receive him into the order."A careful

study of other references to the united order show that the term was never

1Doctrine and Covenants 82:1112. 20

*Far West Record, Ms.. April 26, 1832. Office of

the church historian; Smith. History of the Church.

1:270. footnote.

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

phosphorus glow a manifestation of the

Holy Ghost, another witness of his.TDodtatetpo5iaie jrachjracuons propheticThere werecalling.a few people in the dedicatory service who were not deceived.

Among this number was Reuben Miller, who with his family left on the next boatFOLLOWING THE MARTYRDOM that sailed from Beaver Island. He was

glad to join the pioneers and follow the leaders to the valleys of the mountains. OF JOSEPH SMITH

Another of Mr. Strang's deceptive

* devices was the announcement that

Dm C*. Lecll rvlcLjauln an angel had told him that a set of metal

OF THE CHURCH HISTORIAN'S OFFICE plates awaited his attention. He represented the angel as having said:

You know that tall tree where the road

III Burlington, Wisconsin, where he recomes close to the forest. That tree has

ceived it July 9, 1844. It assured the grown over a set of plates which contain a

Bible. the into to get Direcord sacred too James Strang J. that his Prophet days were numbered

will find tree that that rectly beneath you that he and called "soon to be would translate the plates record. ancient and Get early largest apostate the of rule spirits."in a land mighty host the of them! the ofThefactions Mormonism was it letter clear This that servmade "my

one founded by James J. Strang, a ant James J. Strang shall lengthen the This shrewd schemer thought that if

man who was comparatively unknown cords and strengthen the stakes of he went alone and recovered the plates at the time of the martyrdom of Joseph Zion,"establishing the place of gatherit would be said that he had deposited

Smith, having been baptized only four ing in Wisconsin, the rendezvous to be them there, so he called three of hismonths before the Prophet's death. Mr. named Voree. Later he transferred his apostles and described the hiding place

Strang was the shrewdest of all the headquarters to Beaver Island in Lake and sent them after the record. Arriv-

"aspirants to Moses'seat."Michigan. ing at the designated spot, they cut the

it tree of roots the over. Diand pushed his animposture by commenced He of the a few converts did new To who it rectly late small they beneath found a angel to him that announcing came not the in of the order know Church casket clay. of surmised bakedin They and of the afternoon 27th of the June matters of presidency, these claims

ira that the plates said concealed were that Smithtold and him Joseph Hyrum attractive, his seemed but disof most this it material, in so placed the Jail killed in wagon and Carthagehad been ciples were the gleaned of from ranks it and took back to Strang. the lead Mr.that to him the Lord wanted He the in hearts whose carefully into the cut clay covering apostates—people insisted and that the angelChurch. He had been the of seeds sown misunderplates. metal the found oil ordained his and withanointed head standing hatred. and

him to be a king over the latterday This selfappointed potentate soon kingdom. Within a few years, a few hundred published what he said was a translathis followers of type to had gathered tion these records. called his from visit important He miraculous and This

his at standard his Voree. Among scripture of new book the Book The surprise Jesse did not of Jamesmessage

1 were such people C. as John this o/ the that Lord. Law an dignitaries in his pocket He insisted sinceStrang, he had

alleged letter said to have been Bennett, William Smith, John E. Page, record had no connection with the

given to the Prophet Joseph Smith a few William Marks, William McLellin, plates of the Nephites, having been preGeorge Adams, others and J. who in times. were pared Testament Old Carthage. to So he before wentdays notorious troublemakers before even his that course plannedcarefully he had alleged His in translation the was the death of Smith. Joseph letter before printed the style of thehe had dealt Testament Old and

he showed it to anyone. He thought this As some people began to question his with a variety of subjects such as food,

course would add to the importance of ordination by an angel, he had William dress, animal sacrifice, activity on the the document, as the Prophet no doubt Smith and John C. Bennett ordain him, ( Continued on page 468

intended publishing it in the Times and both of whom had been excommuniSeasons at once, he maintained. It cated from the Church. JAMES J. STRANG

fail alsowould established secret order in a which He scribe to betrayit—-attheleasthandMr.of wrotethe who he imperial the primate, was known as so. thoughtStrang

absolute sovereign, generalin-chief and

In 1858, President Joseph F. Smith successor to Joseph Smith. There were

made the acquaintance of a member of three viceroys, eight privy councilors, the church, Charles Wesley Wandell, twelve cardinals, twentyfour princes, in California, who declared in the presand an equal number of marquises, ence of witnesses that he wrote the earls and knights, with twelve chanceldocument himself and mailed it to ors and marshals.

sursaid neverStrang. so he was He

his followers asked to build him He life his in acStrang asprised when large a tabernacle, promising the Holy his as a revelation vagaries fromcepted all 2 to Ghost diligently labored on whothe Lord. the project.

This spurious epistle was dated June 18, 1844. It was mailed to Strang at At last the longexpected day arrived

of and the glory Pentecost to be was frequently his his diary Strang xIn wrote name across revealed at the dedication of the buildis the of In 1831, this page. top entrythe uniformly

"Jesse J. Strang."Beginning with the following year, ing. The service was held in the early

the forms "Jesse and "James J."

until the latter in 1834 only form appears.J."areTheintermixedmaiden evening, since all his plans worked betname of Strang's mother was James, her father being ter in the dark. His apostles stood at

[not the desperado].Jesse Thus it James is apparent the doors and anointed the faces of all grandfather, for his maternal wasthat Strang named

and that beginning about the year 1832 he gradually the members with olive oil which conreversed the order

Miloo} Saint James, of M.his Quaife,given names.p. 2 (footnote).The Kingdom tained a strong solution of phosphorus.

Conference Report. October 1918, p. 58 In the early darkness he pronounced the

JULY, 1944 433 SUCCESS HOUSE

d5i4j J\atharine r4avliandJaiAioir

respite going never known one who'd was Arnold much baggage you got, Amy?"for "How A,.my

inside, her that Then, work. hardhome, back asked. had from to the town been Harry Arnold

named after her family when they had "Two trunks, three bags, and a hatmother clung to her, crying but smiling, owned almost all the land in sight and box,"she answered, and her father, and saying, "Dearie! Dearie!"as if

were important. Amy was bitter from taking off his cap, which she suspected she'd never stop. Cecile came downthe defeat that had been hastened by had once belonged to her younger stairs, shy from meeting the sister she

her having in her heart the family sweetbrother, Bob, scratched his head. He knew so slightly. She was grown and

ness. In the last days of her shop life guessed he could get Abel Jones to bring lovely, but still plastic, Amy saw, from

she had had a chaste and expensive the trunks; he couldn't manage those. her candid, inquiring eyes. Bob apNew York shop with "Arnold Decora- "Haven't you the farm wagon any peared; he had the fatal family smile.

tions"written on the door—she had let more?"she asked sharply. "Gee,"he said, "you're looking swell!"

customers return goods for which they Had Amy been looking at her father She was to go to her room to wash couldn't pay. "Things have changed she would have seen the gathering of up, and Mrs. Arnold would dish up.

so, Miss Arnold,"she heard again and worried lines upon his brow that, with Bob followed her with two of her bags.

again from harassed people. And she an effort of will power, he erased. But When he went down to get the other

had answered, "Yes, I know; don't give she did not glance his way and she heard bag and the hatbox, she stood staring,

the matter another thought!"That was only the cheerful but decisive voice that unseeing, at the new curtains.

his: she familythe the way, and "These have bad been was often way now just smile about the family would Oh,

felt, years; to through they which all had I had come mind make up my easily, it all. that something say, They'd

things, ruin. to loseto some and up I've made

too, that mind, thankful to be She had even made exit easy for Dean my I wouldsupper. turnThey'dup, selland anotherhave biscuitsstretch forof

Hewlett, to whom she had been encould keep the car."fields because they couldn't meet the

gaged. When the cessation of luxury To be thankful for that car of stiff taxes, and rejoice because the begonias

to close her her shop,buying set vintage ancient had forced upon springs and too, been she had Well, in bloom. were

I thought, If out: smile. her dear "But thehe had whined new, seared Amy's lips more. like that, but she no be would

heart, I thought you were so well esfather weren't so content, if he would tablished! This ends everything, it has realize the decay, fight and rebel, she

to end everything for us! You see that?"could stand it, she thought. But every l\iLMY found the diningroom

She had been kind about it, too kind miserable thing he salvaged from the crowded. Mr. Arnold's favorite chair

she felt later, and now she vowed she wreck was so much to be thankful for. stood before one window, and Bob. was

was through with softness. She would "You get in, Amy girl,"said Harry working out something on the table that

hereafter be hard and successful, and Arnold, opening the front door of the was before the other. Mrs. Arnold had

she would try to teach them at home car, "and I'll talk to Abel about bringin'had the sewing machine imported for that getting on came only with graspup the trunks."the same reason; it was nice to be toing and holding on. He settled by her some minutes later. gether.

She had changed trains at the junc- "I'll tell you, Amy, we're pretty happy "Sit down, dear, in your old place,"tion and now she rode on what Arnoldsto have you here!"her mother said. Amy spoke her apville called "The Branch,"in the familpreciation of the window curtains and

iar old, sootstained, creaking car. her mother's eyes filled again. "I hoped

She rubbed steam from the car win- X HE same unpaved street; you'd like them,"she said. Then, "Give

dow, hoping to see some landmark that the same dull houses and the sparse her some of the breast, Papa. We killed

still meant getting home, after ten long, street lamps that with their feeble pricks a young hen, but they're not laying hurried years away, but the winter of gloom made dark so much darker. much, anyway."

world was dark. Now they were leaving the town behind "We haven't seemed to have much

"Arnolds-t>i//e next stop!"sang out them. luck with the chickens of late,"said

the conductor, stepping into the car. "Mother's havin hot biscuits for you, Harry Arnold comfortably; "but then"The door slammed back of him. Amy's Amy. And another thing, she made new—he beamed around the table—"we got

chin set; the name might have been window curtains for your bedroom; plenty to be thankful for!"

something to be proud of if any of them and I'm kinda mentionin''em on account Amy stiffened. Cecile spoke in her

had taken thought of what they had of the way she's been thinkin'of how shy way, "How's Mr. Hewlett?"she

once had, fought against loss, and held pleased you'll be. She was ironin''em asked.

all right,"anshe suppose the time "Oh, I Amy and all this afternoon she off them, and of no, But, they—all over, of engagement's I guess "The 'Well, smilin'smile kept to and preferred and sayin,'"on.included—had can't smash! marry One pleased!'she'll out. lose be to and happy the swered.course—this world make

live in could pay a pigsty, and and Dean feelpromised, "I'll she them,"notice her faget off, to saw Waiting Amy

I his half of the had only so when way, that too, feeling, but their kindness, ing platform. station Always ther on the

to close up—little from they drew so. happiness the unusually even he shabby, was

"Amy!"he called loudly. "Amy!"His things clouded their eyes and the far They were appalled, she saw. Everyvoice broke on the second Amy. Then sight that should be fixed always on the one had stopped eating. Cecile breathed

a moment later he was kissing her, uphill road ahead. out a stricken, "Oh, Amy!"

patting her back, saying, "Well, darling, They were turning into the drive "He—he expected you to keep on

home again, home again!"and his eyes once impressive, edged by stately pines, workin'?"Harry Arnold questioned in

were brimming. but now so many of tnem dead and the slow manner of one who meets a

She fought the rise of emotion that others dying. The door of the house problem that is entirely beyond his unhis frankly shown joy put into her, for was opening and she saw her mother derstanding.

you didn't get anywhere if you were silhouetted against the yellow light. "Certainly,"Amy answered, "and so soft. Instead, she spoke of her baggage. She was a trifle more stooped—natural when business got bad we decided to

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

cut the tie. Both of us are rather keen, lose all appetite, as she had, because "I know you're right,"Cecile would

you know, on making the best of life you must see the impossibility of their grant weakly.

and making it a success,"getting anywhere. "Darling, I am!"Harvey has Father's

That was the way successful people placidity and cheer—that horrible habit

thought and talked, she knew, and she of making the best of everything. "And

knew, too, that her people didn't unJJ.im Grisby, the new neighbor, watch that sort, dear. Watch, that's all

derstand it; that they couldn't. Cecile appeared as the last of the supper dishes I ask!"

had twisted the setting of a small ring were being set on the pantry shelves by Cecile would sit on the edge of she wore to the inside of her hand. Amy Cecile. He was welldressed, goodlook- Amy's bed, twisting the ring that had

suspected that the child felt herself to ing. Amy would have met him without been worn by Harvey's mother, and

be in love and didn't want to speak of surprise in New York and might easily during these sessions she drew deep it now. have been charmed by his genuine apbreaths that did nothing to aerate her

"I saw that ring,"she said. "You've peal. But now the poison in her mind sodden feeling.

met the young man?"made her see him obliquely. She was Jim Grisby visited almost daily, but

"Oh, I have, Amy! He's wonderhostile to this newcomer and upstart Amy's hostility continued. And Jim said

ful!"She held her hand toward Amy. who was doling out small jobs to a little to her.

"It was his mother's ring,"she added descendant of the Arnolds who had So she was surprised, one day in early softly. once, long ago, owned all the land that March, when, in the presence of the en-

"I see. Is he going to be a success?"this young man now made to pay. tire family and over the checkerboard,

she questioned. They were looking at He turned to ask Mr. Arnold if he he asked her to go motoring with him.

her, because the voice she had used was wanted to play checkers. "Tomorrow afternoon,"he specified,

not one they had ever heard from her "Well, now,"Harry Arnold aneyeing her anxiously.

before; it was sharpened and by hasteswered as he rose, "you know what hap- "It would do her good,"said Mrs.

and something less pretty. pens when I'm asked that."And quickArnold.

"Why, I don't know,"Cecile fally he moved to get the checkerboard "That'd be real nice for her and it'stered. "I—I know I love him!"and men from the sideboard drawer and mighty good and kind of you to think

"You'd better know about his future. they settled to play. of it, Jim,"Harry Arnold added.

It's that, said see,"chin think of to she well up you Amy's and went was on, looking that the admitted Amy, filter this to question refuse she spoke. about Grisby and sawAmy, when Jim scene appealing have a would been on start sister's friends,"ironically, tointo said small a her mind "Dear he "you

it stage, life that in but she knew meant spilled thought. of the fermentchurning beans! go, have won't She failure. smiling, eternally putterBob,

thinking her of her good!"and "I'm now."ing invention other, his or on some was herself, for shall the "I to change chanted go,"to said glad beAmy Amy father again over get and never would her. quickly,in hurt Cecile's face of spots hot color angry her had on

little anywhere. Cecile Sweet was pretty cheeks. hated him! She imBy decision: with spoke Arnold Harry to herself about throw a on young away plication, raised with eyebrows and fine he Lane's a young man!""Harvey all his through farm would man who questioning expression, thousands of fine ofsaid. speaking men, young "And hers. lean days her and mother, And times to pointed had he disagreement to re going neighbor got a you newwe it! her to mother Content! used was her with hard and code he now was of, sightthink when come a you Amy,

to know him!"trying to make her seem a spoiled, capricious child.

that. to jl\ "thought passed had carry She She doubted month

( Continued on page 462 with she had the worlda sight"of one young knew man was who it. Amy

paid, upon her loving him, a dividend of making an impression on Cecile.

pain.men—andShe was,everyshesoftness.knew, through with

"He's taken the Biggers'place,"put in Bob. "His name's Jim Grisby,"said Cecile.—Illustrated by John Henry Evans. Jt

"He's just a few years older than you."

Amy forced a laugh. "Not interested."

"He's from the city,"said Harry

Arnold, "but he knows how to farm, and don't you forget it. I don't know

how he gets the results he gets. I can't,"

he ended without envy.

"He's real kind,"said Mrs. Arnold.

"He throws lots of little jobs Papa's way."Once they had owned nearly all of

Arnoldsville; now they were grateful

to anyone who "threw little jobs"their way! "He'll probably be over tonight,"said

Bob. "He's got the habit of running in."

"You're not eating much, dear,"said

Mrs. Arnold, leaning toward Amy.

"He's kind,"said Harry Arnold.

"Always askin'my advice about this or that, and that's just his politeness, because, when you come down to it, I'm just kind of a failure. Mamma, would

you start the pickles down this way?

Thanks."You admitted you were a failure and then asked someone to pass the pickles, if you were her father's sort, Amy reflected. If you were another sort you'd

JULY, 1944 435 John LOS ANGELES—Pres.REPORT TO STAKES SOUTHM.PERCENTAGEIverson;GROUP OF"B"QUOTA Owen B. Robinson,

Ellsworth, Y.W.M.I.A. pres.

THE FIELD Y.M.M.I.A. supt.; Mrs. Nell

LONG BEACH—Pres. C. Douglas

Y.M. Richmond, Barnes; L. M.of sQnotker Ljear of (L-ra Ethelyn L. Ward, M.I.A. supt;

Y.W.M.I.A. pres.; Darrell W.

Call and Mrs. Frances Soffe,

directors.Arctlultu and 2)u)ucce55 "Era"

By JOHN K. ORTON SAN FERNANDO—Pres. David H.

Cannon; David G. Watts, Y.M.

PJinineSd ftlanaqer of the C-m M.I.A. supt.; Florence M. Nortk,

Y.W.M.I.A. pres.; Ernest C.

Haws and Mary Robinson,"Era"directors.

Themostyearsignificantpast for thein Eraaccomplishwas the ment since the combination of J. Heber EAST JORDAN—Pres. and the Young Era ImprovementThe

P. Cannon, Burgon; Hyrum even in 1929, and JournalWomen's Gardsupt.; Gayle Y.M.M.I.A.

pres. photo (no ner, Y.W.M.I.A. goal of our fell a little shortthough we

Black and available); Albert secure did subscriptions,of 100,000 we directors. Jenkins, "Era"Mary

94,000, which is an alltime high for

MISSIONS

ONEIDA—Pres. Paul R. Wynn (no

PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA AND TOTAL NUMBER photo available); Erwin R. SpilsOF SUBSCRIPTIONS—GROUP "B"bury,Forsgren,Y.M.M.I.A.Y.W.M.I.A.supt.;pres.;OnetaMr.

Heber Meeks;SOUTHERN STATES—Pres. Helen Bay, anddirectors.Mrs. Ira J. Taylor, "Era"director. supervisor and "Era"Y.W.M.I.A.

NORTHERN STATES—Pres. David I. Stoddard; Forrest Ring Black, Y.M.M.I. A. supervisor and "Era"

director.

TOTAL NUMBER OF SUBSCRIPTIONS—GROUP "B"

E. Alfred Pres. INGLEWOOD—J. Sorensen, Y.M. Rohner; E.

M.I. A. supt.; Elva D. Cusworth,

Y.W.M.I.A. pres.; Stanford Bird,

"Era"director.

OGDEN—Pres. Samuel G. Dye;

Merrill W. Bird, Y.M.M.I.A.

supt.; Lynette Taggart, Y.W.

M.I.A. pres.; Albert W. Bell,

"Era"director.

WELLS—Pres. Thomas E. Towler,

Percy K. Fetzer, Y.M.M.I.A.

supt; Natalie Parsons, Y.W.

M.I.A. pres.; A. Y. Stirling and

Alice Coombs, "Era"directors.

BEN LOMOND—Pres. William A.

Budge; Earl J. Rhees,Y.M.M.I.A.

supt.; Addis Thomas, Y.W.

M.I.A. pres.; Melvin L. Swenson,

"Era"director.

P. WhitWm. "A"POCATELLO—Pres. OF SUBSCRIPTIONS—GROUPTOTAL NUMBER

Martin, Y.M. aker; Dan W.

Elijah Harro C. Beyer, Allen;CALIFORNIA—Pres. released recently supt. M.I.A.

supervisor "Era"director. Y.M.M.I.A. and campaign; the carried on who

PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA—GROUP "A"A.supt.;B. Chase,Grace Meadows,newlyappointedY.W.

NEW ENGLAND—President Wm. H. Reeder; Kenneth M.I.A. pres.; Mr. and Mrs.

Porter (who organized and started the campaign) Ralph Robbins, "Era"directors.

and Foley Richards (who carried the campaign to its completion).

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TOTAL NUMBER OF SUBSCRIPImprovement subscriptions by a Era TIONS—GROUP "A"margin. very substantial

LOS ANGELES—Pres. Wilford G. This magnificent total was achieved

Mervin Edling efforts untiring the through the misand disupt. Y.M.M.I.A. andL. "Era"Saunders,

spirit missionary stake of ward, and rector; H. Kirkham, Y.W. Mona

M.I.A. pres. and "Era"director. sion workers throughout the entire

Church. It is impossible to single out

any particular individual because outSEATTLE—Pres. Alexander Brown; standing records were received from

Wilkins, Jack C. Y.M.M.I.A.

supt. available); every locality and under every condi- (no photo

Leora Cropper, Y.W.M.I.A. tion. Just when we thought an insurpres., Leslie C. Seal, "Era"dimountable record had been established

rector. in Idaho some ward or stake in Arizona would surpass it and then later some other stake in Utah or California would surpass that, until at the close of the campaign, stakes and missions were far

T. George Wood;TAYLOR—Pres. supt.; ahead of any previous record, and we Y.M.M.I.A. John L. Allen,

Y.W.M.I.A. Walker, H. Fannye testimonies received from have men in

E. pres.; Wilde, D. and Emma in families services and from the armed directors. "Era"H. Dahl,

the wards, stakes and missions expressing gratitude for the message contained in the magazine and appreciation for the splendid way it is being produced by the

MOAPA—Pres. Bryan L. Bunker; editorialditions. department under trying conMarion B. Earl, Y.M.M.I.A.

this article of Whipple, supt; Y.W. LaVema list with the names We

pres.; L. Riddle M.I.A. A. citation winners, and the and while we know directors. Perry, "Era"Eva N.

that in one sense there can only be a certain number of winners in every race, still we like to stand on the sideline and cheer for those valiant stakes

WilmerFARR WEST—Pres. demissions courage and J. and who with

Jenkins, Lawrence W. Maw; closcarried the very termination on to di- "Era"Y.M.M.I.A. supt. and

rector; Mrs. Marjorie Schanck, ing day of the campaign, and who won

pres. Y.W.M.I.A. in many ways.

Again this year Southern California

PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA ** had the highest number of citation

GROUP "A"winning stakes and a new percent of quota winner in Group "A"—San DieWallace DIEGO—Pres.SAN conalways been has W. go. Diego San

T. Calder, Johnson; Kenneth

first time this is the sistently but good, di- "Era"Y.M.M.I.A. supt. and

rector; Lois "Era"Westover, the it of top honors has won the

pres. director; B. Bay, Josie Mrs. Lois Calder Westand Kenneth group. of Y.W.M.I.A.

over were the San Diego Stake directors.

A new mission came to the front this

President England. Wilyear—NewPHOENIX—Pres. Elders Kenalong with liam H. Reeder, Wallace E. Broberg,J. RobertY.M.M.I.A.Price;

supt.: Ethel R. Peterson, Y.W. Richards, would Foley neth Porter and

L. L. Driggs, pres.; M.I.A. the England for denied and not be New "Era"director.

first time secured first place in percent of quota of the smaller missions of the

Church.

Lloyd C. Walch;UNION—Pres. States Mission Southern won The

Y.M.M.I.A. P. Nephi Combe, the in percent of quota and place available); supt. (no photo Kate first

Metcalf, pres.; Y.W.M.I.A. subscriptions, of total Melhighest number

Myrtle Yin Westenskow and of the missions all the of not only directors. Price, "Era"

Church, but of all the stakes and missions as well. They have reached a

record that will be hard to surpass, turning in 3,391 subscriptions and

Presiquota. of their 511.5% L. reaching Pres. GeorgePORTLAND—the splendid with Y.M. R. Standing, dent Heber Scott; A. Meeks

supt.; D. Hardy, M.I.A. Rose

pres.; Wilford Y.W.M.I.A. W. director, Helen Bay, achieved this reHardy, "Era"director. markable record even with a greatly

reduced missionary personnel. Every

letter has indicated that the mission as a whole is solidly behind this work and knows of the great good which is done

MINIDOKA—Pres.

Toone; Frank F. Watson,J. MelvinY.M. by placing this magazine in the homes

M.I.A. supt.; Elsa Mclntire, of our people.

pres.; Y.W.M.I.A. Ralph McCloy diWith pride we mention the achieveLarson, "Era"and Marjorie

rectors. ments again this year of the South Los

Angeles Stake, first place winner in per- {Concluded on page 438)

JULY, 1944 437.

Report to the Field 2. SanFirst DiegoPlace, StakePercent of Quota

{Concluded from page 437) Sixth Place, Total Subscriptions flot!"cent of quota and total number of sub- 3. Seattle Stake l/l/eant

scriptions of all the stakes in the Second Place, Percent of Quota

Church. Our appreciation to South Los Second Place, Total Subscriptions

Angeles is great, and we know that the 4. Phoenix Stake By DONALD Improvement Eragrowth of The

Place, Percent Third of Quota M. BRUCE ten years is in part pastthrough the

Place, Total Subscriptions Fourth traceable to the remarkable achievesince time as at no other 5. Stake. Stake Taylor Angeles of the South Losments

left Saints Nauvoo, is stake the directed from Place, Total Subscriptions NowtheThis work Third presidency, with the bishops of wards Sixth Place, Percent of Quota there is great need for the in the machinimportantas a very cog old in the grand faith expressed 6. Union Stake

is set withery. organization up The of Full be Fifth Place, Percent of Quota hymn, "If the Way that precision, believeperfect and we

perhaps less actual campaign time is 7. Moapa Stake Trial, Weary Not!"

inused this stake than any other stake Fifth Place, Total Subscriptions None of us can say as to whatin the Church.

tribulations trials may and we 8. Portland Stake the remarkable We must mention is before this Seventh Place, to war endure Percent of Quota have citation winof the otherachievements

ners. Seattle Stake, which has been conEighth Place, Total Subscriptions won. It is needless to tell the

sistently a first* place winner, even 9. Farr West Stake members of the Mormon Church

though it placed second this year Seventh Place, Total Subscriptions that they will have to make sacto able secure of itswas 345.7% Ninth Place, for conflict, this no Percent of Quota rifices to winquota. States Mission, Northern The

Stake 10. Minidoka in world the other people know first finished usual place winner,also a

Percent Place, Eighth of thisin that word meaning of Quota the very as we year second place with a

Subscriptions Total Ninth Place, its of record ofremarkable 433.7% history do. and present Our past

quota. California Mission, Los Angeles, Stakes in Group "B"deeds show that clearly. I have

Inglewood, Long Beach, Phoenix, Ogden were again outstanding in their 1 South Los Angeles Stake in mind one brother who, while groups, as well as the other citation First Place, Percent of Quota keeping his younger brother on a winners. First Place, Total Subscriptions mission in California, was called

2. Long Beach Stake into the U.S. Army. Instead of

X\7e are proud that every stake in conSecond Place, Percent of Quota calling the missionary home, he ** tinental America went over the Third Place, Total Subscriptions sold his car, and left the money top this year. We are proud of our as- 3. Inglewood Stake in trust in order that his brother

thatsociations of group workers with a Place, Total Subscriptions Second finish his mission. No, might we inare not surpassed phase any Percent Place, of Quota of Third don't be told need to Mormons for activity loyalty devoChurch and

tion and energetic pursuit of a great 4. Ogden Stake how to sacrifice.

Place, Total Subscriptions sacrifice Fourthcause. of and The devotion

Place, Fifth Percent of Quota This war cannot be won simforthese is responsible leaders the sucrather ply but by a by sacrifice,cess of Era. Every The Improvement

cooperaof that and combination stakeward, and mission worker has 5. SanFourthFernandoPlace, PercentStake of Quota

contributed to this phase of missionary Seventh Place, Total Subscriptions tion, perseverance, and reverence activity. Many homes will be blessed for God. The need for the latter

6. Stake Wells benefited of inand and large numbers will be found increasingly more in

Fifth Place, Total Subscriptionsactive to will return Church members inspiration theactivity through of The 7. Ben Lomond Stake themustpostwarbe plantedera. nowYetintheorderseedsto Soldier every Era. boys inImprovement

Percent Place, Sixth willcorner contact of the world feel a ultimate of Quota gain victory the final and Place, Total Subscriptions Sixth dilithrough thewith and Church home evil. oppression over and

gence and conscientious efforts of these 8. East Jordan Stake

workers who have seen to it that The Seventh Place, Percent of Quota Victory would be an empty

Improvement Era would be placed in if could not see some word we Stake 9. Oneidatheir hands. in of place to live a decent means Percent of Quota Eighth Place,

The Improvement Era has grown bethe generations following the war.

yond our fondest hopes. Its power for 10. Pocatello Stake It is in this coming era of chaos

good is being felt throughout the entire Eighth Place, Total Subscriptions world. Era directors, ward, stake and and confusion that we of the Mormission, with the support and help of Missions in Group "A"mon faith will be called upon to

officers,the task take priesthood large share of are the motivat- a the huge Mission England 1. New thising force growth, behind and we of"resettling the world. In order Percent Place, First of Quota all that participated haveknow who task, to equal the must to be wewill satisfaction joy in the and have 2. Mission California

knowledge that the work has been done First Place, Total Subscriptions face the dark days ahead with so successfully during 194344. the same faith in God as did the

Missions in Group "B"pioneers during the dark days of

CITATION WINNERS 1. Southern States Mission Kirtland and Nauvoo.

First Place, Percent of Quota So keep singing, you Latterday

Stakes in Group "A"First Place, Total Subscriptions Saints, and remember 1. Los Angeles Stake 2. Northern States Mission If die way be full of trial, weary not!

First Place, Total Subscriptions Second Place, Percent of Quota If it's one of sore denial, weary notl

Fourth Place, Percent of Quota Second Place, Total Subscriptions Weary notl 438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Poetry

GIVE THANKS FOR ROOTS SURRENDER POSTSCRIPT TO A PRAYER

By Eva Willes Wangsgaard By Merling D. Clyde By Elaine V. Emans

for thanks GIVE to heart are white blooms dogwood my Close quiet roots. The sun, Unkissed by request walls. the canyon Has Along my

earth, in the unseen, Deep for dells weeks, Lain In wooded, mossy now is done. Their work falls. the best Yet, Lord, gently seepage Snow

Spraying the breath of spring There is a tangy breath

With almond scent, In burst of swelling sod; Answer, I know.

Sweetening crimson fruits While stiff young breezes At length will be

When bloom is spent, Cause tagalder buds to nod. Not my own will,

Cooling the summer noon The old hills watch once more But yours for me.

living vibrant, thing fragrant shade Each With the to Surrender charm a flowered rug Over spring. into winter Of SON AT SEA laid, grasses By

Making the autumn air By Margery Ruebush Shank as musk Mellow and the next through tomorrow OGod, unfold curls of GUESTS smoke While TWO next, the day and dusk, the Bluing the sea. Greene over Neupert By Lois Watch

Keeping the patterns true, Let starlit nights prevail, I ask of Thee!

floors; fruits flowers, Leaves, of the waves that toss the ship Be Master

at creaking work. is a mother's HEHeonlywincedsaw unevenand frowned Such deep; upon the

Mothers are roots. doors; And safely guard a little boy I used to rock

He found the worn place in the rug, to sleep!

shrug. old a mahogany Gave

face couldn't had he gone I IF FAITH When I HAVE ugly place. it seemed an My house; LASTS WHILE THE SHORTAGE Helen Mating By

brasses, old shine the loved You of my Lucretia Penny By stress this time of and work demitasses,After Admired Wedgwood my will not be less. of beauty love My design, shawl's Paisley Traced lean. my leak, it may may to IT find againI shall say words like for mine. Persian rugs sighed And paint, lack windows, Lack the I day. about wish mayWhat I left, and house you my When being modern Miss

If I have faith, and hold to light, Were thankful for your loving eye. Without being quaint;

I shall find comfort in the night. But the words FOR RENT

Seasons continue, as rain and sun... Upon a sign

is I peace calm when shall know won. HOPE CanHousemakelooka fine.shabby till spring, like bulbs within,Dormant

My heart will never forget to sing. By James Hood

tell in music, words mayLovely will cloud pass away swell. Every that rise and beautySurges of again; A FLEETING THOUGHT sunshine come And

As darkness but precedes the day By Inez Stevens Cooper

FOR THERE A TREE HAD BEEN So will flowers follow rain. Time is but reactive in length to how we

By Anna Prince Redd spend it.

**XTot well placed, and far too big,"we Thus—

* 1 said. Yesterday my children were but babies in

"Too shady underneath for lawn to grow; my arms,

It cuts the view; its branches trail too low; And yet today they're grown.

With all its tough, exploring roots outspread, Tomorrow I shall find them holding babies

It dulls the mower, chokes the sewer bed... of their own

Too bad, the weeping willow tree must go, Because the time is filled with little things

A flowering shrub shall take its place."And that I must do

so To make them grow.

We called the cutter. Undisquieted. No wonder that

Too lightly we consoled ourselves for loss Eternities are short to God.

Of graygreen leaf, of graceful bough and shade; WeFor linnettried tosongshidethethedawnscar hadwithusheredflorist mossin. "Photograph by Wgatt Davis TWILIGHT

Until new grass should grow. We used the PATTERNS By Thelma Ireland spade

blue; military sky is

light. eerie withTo no avail—for there a tree had been! By Marvin Miller TheIt glows

ENOUGH FOR ME StolidfacedWeaving designsNavajo, TheSewedstarson arethe bigcloakbrassof night.buttons

By Anne Pendleton Conceived in silence

Under silent pines, will be,Tt then, enough Master hand What * If, dart, as a friendly the loom ESSENCE you Gave song word in of mine to twistA wool And By John E. Donovan

lull Should some saddened heart. In your hog an room?

Perhaps that heart, through ache, Stoiclike Navajo, As years the book of Life unclose,

Has quite forgot to sing; Do you see ** The eyes of love have shown to me

The lilt of my tuned thrust The bloodred pattern That other hearts are told in prose,

May send that heart awing! Of eternity? But yours in poetry.

JULY, 1944 439

The Chircfo

Relics of '49 current events. Questions pertaining to

sent doctrine service be Church may by Invasion The collection of H. Sweeney'T'he James

the to Service L.D.S. Men's men Comportraits pictures, both and * guns;

this First mittee, Street, issued Presidency 47 East South Temple HPhe thepaintings early the of of El days * 1, Salt Utah. City after Lake statement hearing soon fixCalifornia; and region ofDorado Distribution of allied that forces Church the The had begun News furniture, items,tures, and household will approximately to seventy be invasion made

activities, has of earlyequipment day service thousand and men women 6, 1944 June the Deseret received Museum.been by their bishops. through ward the for the Revoluhave date asked of been guns from a comSome We

tionary War. ment upon the invasion.

The Church came into possession of We feel this is a day, not for comLogan Temple for prayer but loved for our sixtieth anniversary of the dedi- "THE collection they the ment, purchasedthe when in for are the service ones and who * cation of the was used Logan Temple to be for a meethomeSweeney righteousness. of the triumphing place of the Placerville Branch, limited to regular temple sessions, May

Northern California Mission. Heber J. Grant, 1 7. Six persons who attended the dedi-

J. Reuben Clark, Jr., cation services May 1 7 to 20, 1 884 were

David O. McKay, present at the endowment sessions.

The First Presidency They are Joseph B. Daines, first counChurch of the Air, July 23 selor of the present temple presidency,

'T'he Columbia Church of the Patriarch Samuel B. Mitton, John E.

will A Air be heard over KSL "The Church News"Eliason,Camp, andJohnMrs.E.MaryDahle,E. G.WilliamTitensor.P. the nationwide and Columbia

Broadcasting System, from the 'TVie Church News, miniature Church

Tabernacle, Temple Square, Salt A paper published by the first presiStandard Quorum Awards

Lake City, Sunday, July 23, at dency for the service men and women The presiding bishopric have an- 1 1:00 a.m., Mountain War Time. throughout the Church began publica- * nounced that during the first quarter

tion of a monthly schedule May 15. of 1944 they issued 873 Standard QuoThe twelve page 2% by Ay2 inch rum Awards to the Aaronic Priesthood

paper will contain inspirational material, quorums throughout the Church for the

Y.W.M.I.A. Board Member vital messages, answers to questions, year 1943. This record is nearly as high

"RTrs. Carol Hinckley Cannon, long and a summary of important Church as 1941, the banner year in this activity.

*-VA active in M.I.A. work in Liberty

and Utah Stakes, and the Wasatch

Ward, has been named as a member of the Y.W.M.I.A. General Board. She is

the wife of Tracy Y. Cannon, manager

of the McCune School of Music and

Art.

British Ambassador

At his own request, Lord Halifax, ** British ambassador to the United 15, 1944, MISSIONARIES MISSIONARY ENTERED THE HOME WHO MAYStates, touring America, accompanied 24 LEFT 1944 25, MISSION FIELDS FOR AND AND MAY Halifax, Mrs. and Governor Ladyby

first E. row: B. Marie Egbert, Carol Barraclough, Snow, Mary Cotton, Jessie JohnDon B. of his othersHerbert and Maw, ofson, LeftMarjorieto right,Jensen, McClellan. Rosa Mae

ficial party attended a typical Mormon Second row: Jacob L. Hartvigsen, Cleo Pond, Ingrid Johnson, Marion Knight, Ellen Knight, Verla G.

Sunday evening meeting during a Salt Wamsley,Third Ednarow: Groen,Wm. E.ClydeBerrett,Bair.Deaun Moulton, Patricia Croft, James C. White, William L. Francom,

Lake City visit May 14. Marva T. Jensen.

At the services, held in the Garden

Park Ward of the Bonneville Stake,

Dr. Adam S. Bennion was the principal

speaker. He described the Mormon

people and the Church.

At the close of the meeting Lord

Halifax was presented with a triple combination copy of the Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, and

Pearl of Great Price autographed by

President Heber J. Grant, Governor

Maw, Salt Lake City's Mayor Earl J.

Glade, and Sterling W. Sill, ward bishop.

In response to the gift the ambasMISSIONARIES WHO ENTERED THE MISSIONARY HOME APRIL 77 AND DEPARTED sador said; APRIL 26 AND 27, 1944

I have been profoundly impressed by this AliceFrontMay row,Brewer.left Beverlyto right:Ure.JosephCarol SmithSnow. Wilson, Nancy A. Sorensen, Kathleen Zundel, Don B. Colton,

experience. The Mormon exodus was one Second row: Maurine Hansen, Katherine Tuttle, Hector J. Spencer, Lola Humphreys, Rosemary Spears,

J. Clifford Bell, Henry W. Gubler. greatestof the faith in all hisventures of

row: Third R. H. Boswell, Elizabeth Boswell, Donna M. Corbin, Ira A. Maxfield, Mary B. B. Maxfield,

istory. for those example it an What who T. Edwards. David

seek the same freedom and liberty of truth. Fourth row: Henry G. Lawrence, F. E. Peterson, Wm. E. Berrett, Wm. L. Huff, Eben R. T. Blomquist.

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Primary Board Member LETTER TO STAKE PRESIDENCIES ForsbergTJTermana Lyon of the East * * Mill Creek Ward, Grant Stake, ON GIRLS TWELVE TO TWENTY

Primary Association has been ap- /\n June 5, 1944, the following imand advised monthly as to her attendance

Board. to General thepointed Primary at School, Sunday Y.W.M.I.A., sacrament letter stake to portant sent was

the graduate of UniLyon, a Mrs. meetings, tithing, seminary, of payment obpresidencies President AlGeorge by

is of servance the of the wifeversity social of of T. Utah, Edgar Wisdom, Word bert of Smith, the the of Council life associates specific and to with reference Salt director associate the ofLyon, Twelve life. is her careful moral of record made A religion, institute former of andLake

all these checkings regularly reported. and Brethren: Dearpresident Mission. the Netherlands of

secretary individual keeps The card an activities of supervisedShe women's for after looking carefully our A need girl, for each as as well comparative a that mission for four years. girls as we are now doing with our boys master roll, of every organization or girl

of Aaronic Priesthood age is commonly group, showing the attendance of each girl

Boy Scout Movement recognized. A plan for doing this was at M.I.A., Sunday School, and sacrament

HT'o further promote and utilize the Boy put into operation in Granite Stake in meeting.

"* 5. each Once as month, required the by in six the Scout Church, movement similar 1941 plans and soon were in opPresiding Bishopric, the of bishopric each of theof executives and Scout Utah in eration neighboring stakes. some

all meets ward with leaders of priestboy field recently repIdaho were named plans These the were examined by hood, School, Sunday Y.M.M.I.A. Toresentatives general of the Y.M.M.I.A. of the Council assisttheir Twelve and this meeting the same come women who

executives S. areboard. Dilworth The ants the result with that a checking girls. with this the and or work check on At

Young of the Ogden area council, Prescorrelation plan has been recommended meeting problems concerning every girl and ton W. Pond of the Cache Valley counwhich we approve herewith and send to boy may be discussed. To facilitate this

cil, Vernon L. Strong of the Teton you with the request that you give it there is a separation into three sections

workers girls with of boys and ages from council, CharlesPeaks of Balmforth R. careful study.

to 14, 12 15 to 16, to respectively. 17 20,the council, River area Snake L. D. girls'checking or correlation The the for girls checkup plan Thus involves of council, theRoberts and Tendoy plan as is as follows: set up extra of the meeting bishopric. no monthly A the ofRulon National Utah Doman W. 1. is report girl stake executive directing each committee sent the chairon lady by A

Parks council. Datus E. Hammond of the work consists of a member of the stake man and secretary to the stake supervisor

the Salt Lake council has been a mempresidency, a member of the stake high and secretary who compile the reports reber of the general board since 1931. council, stake Sunday School superintendceived for the ward committees and stake

ent, presidents of the stake Relief Society, presidency. Once a month the stake director

Missionaries Released Y.W.M.I.A., Primary, and principal of the meets with ward lady chairmen to discuss

this special Seminary. In problems. under Working small scatwidely and com-,rpHE

its tered mittee are and a advice suwards by lady a be wise for checkit may woman er to A "leasedfollowingduring March,missionariesand otherswere notrepervisorJunior girls secretary contact a closely all the and from work 12 to who 20 previously reported: with ward committee. her immediate neighborhood rather than into

Brazilian: Finn Bergstedt Paulsen, Salt Lake City. 2. In each ward there is a similar comdo as would be done in larger, condensed

Hart, Preston. Idaho; California: Jeddie Woodrow all girls the mittee where presiwards assigned up of the bishopric and to each made

Utah; Orton,Clarence North Ogden, Waldo Max to checker belong superintendent of dent or auxiliary the three one of each age Austin Park, Cook, Utah; George PalmGolden Hyde

er, Malad, Idaho; Lloyd William Guest, Salt Lake organization. groups. Checking only on one age group

City; John Leslie England, Tooele, Utah; William 3. Working under, and with the advice enables the checker to be in that section of

Robinson, Freedom, Elmer Wyoming;Wright chairCarvel of the executive committee, are a lady the monthly meeting to which her age group Pittsburg, California; Rogers,Dansie, Ida Hougaard

secretary lady belongs. with and who work man Russell Rogers,Lewiston, Utah; Samuel Lewiston,

Utah. is advisers dior checkers. checker Each setting the seen be As will up comof States: Ferre, Central City; Loren Waldon to rectly the responsible committee ward

Ellis City; Salt Robinson, mittees direction of Lake John the under stake SaltMax LakeLawrence the

for bishopric the checking 8 from and on Portland. Carlton Craner, Herbert Roy, Utah;Bond, bishopric, to presidency respectively, and Springs, OttoOregon; Orren Munro, Soda Idaho; 15 girls.

necessitates Schoenfeld,Allen Salt Lake City; Clyde Eldon Leonorganization, but a no new 4. duties requite of the checkers them The

City.ard Walton, Salt Lake plan paralleling the Aaronic Priesthood to in to assigned touch with each girl keep Alton Anderson, Canadian: East Idaho Falls, Idaho;

Lewis Cail, Woods Cross, Utah; Byron Braithwaite them and let her know that she has a friend plan designed to help and encourage the

{Continued on page 447) interested in her. She is regularly checked (Concluded on page 447)

MORMON BATTALION

Part of the first platoon of the "Mormon Battalion"that enlisted in the Marine Corps in July, 1942, is seen here ot a South Pacific base. They spent nearly

a year in New Zealand, and came through the Gilberts campaign unhurt.

The men, seated, left to right: L. Morris, R. Strieby, J. K. Heaton, H.. Vandertneyden, R. W. Young, R. Wellard, W. Rounkles, G. Shupe, G. L. Anderson. Standing, second row: E. Redd, G. Thurber, J. Barfus, D. Lindsey, O. Nelson, W. Beaus, A. J. Thomas, D. Sayer. Standing, third row: H. White, P. Levorsen, Hadlock, L.

Burton, J. W. Surrage, D. Tomlin, D. G. Heaton, 5. De Santis.

Those not present when the picture was taken are R. Beesley, J. Donaldson, H. Moss, O. Dilworth, W. Stevens.—Reported by Cpl. Reid W. Young.

iULY, 1944 -4*1 a

EtotPtif.pOtteOD...: "* * * *.. *..........''.\..............\.<m

-:C: fW

TLTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

By RICHARD L EVANS Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

the mothers of the world could make safe for us without if they will.—May 14, 1944.Jo r 1/(others, present and war,

Ujet to Lome Ljlorifuina the Ifl/ledivocre

Tt would be difficult on Mother's Day to say anything new "THhere comes to mind a phrase of three words—Glorifying

concerning mothers, or even to say anything old in a new the Mediocre—which is indicative of a practice whereway, so numerous and eloquent have been the tributes writby young and old are schooled in a world of unreality and

ten and spoken of them in all past years. But this year the confused thinking. In its mildest forms, in casual conversachannels of thought are burdened with urgent messages of tion and in the recounting of experiences to our friends and

love and appreciation for mothers the world over from sons acquaintances, it may be recognized by a tendency toward it for say would men, far places.in who young it doesn't For these emphasis where moderate exaggeration—placing of role the assume in if theythemselves were here, may we speaking happened; belong; adding color to what really

spokesman and convey their love and their gratitude to those terms of quantities and qualities that are somewhat beyond millions of mothers whom they cherish in their hearts, and the facts. In its more aggravated forms this practice of gloriwhom they dwell upon in their thoughts on this day. All fying the mediocre goes beyond mild exaggeration to the exglory be to the mothers who have done their work well. treme of deliberate and premeditated hyperbole, coupled with

And now may we use the seconds remaining to say for those prodigal use of extravagant words.We do not, by any means,

who are away defending home and country what we think use the English language exhaustively; thousands of words

might be their message to the mothers whose work still lies lie buried in the dictionary, never seen, never heard, never before them—a message freighted with truth and urgency: known by most men—but a few hundred words, some of

The politics of the world run in cycles. The great men of which are most extravagant, are greatly overworked. Inearth come and go. The fortunes of war change—but the deed, there are those who have lost the art of understateinfluence of motherhood is constant. Every generation is ment, and with whom hyperbole is worn and weary—whose

shaped by their thinking. The kingdom of motherhood is only regret is that there are not more grand and superb

one of the last to be invaded—and throughout all generaand incomparable and stupendous adjectives for the gloritions has strongly withstood those who would intrude upon fying of the mediocre. But calling the commonplace collosit. Its jurisdiction no public agency has ever taken over with sal, or the greatest whateverit-is of all time, is much like

continuing success. That's why we must look with critical crying "wolf, wolf!"If every performer comes on with

reservation upon any tendency toward making inroads upon fanfare, there isn't much left for the real star. If everything

the home. If we are to keep faith with our children, we is great, if everything is unprecedented, if everything is said

must, while ours is still the primary influence in their lives, to be indispensable, if everything is the chance of a lifetime, counsel with wise and understanding hearts, exhort, and disan opportunity that will never come again, language soon cipline in ways of sound living. War would not be possible; takes on the dullness that comes with oversharpening. After

evil could not gain hold upon the hearts of men; the social using a superlative there isn't much more that can be said

structure of nations could not disintegrate; the spiritual to add strength or to fortify conviction. It is no wonder,

hopes and ideals of the world could not be thrown down then, that our youngsters sometimes become loose in their and trampled upon, if every mother were to give to the thinking and immoderate in their speech. They have been

career of motherhood all that is implied and expected in this, schooled by observation in the prevalent practice of glorifythe greatest mission that God ever gave to any woman—ing the mediocre. If everything commonplace is clothed with

mission which, being well done, no joy can equal. A home glamor and garnished with unrestrained words, and propped

where the great spiritual truths and fundamental virtues, up with insupportable claims, it is going to be difficult for where selfimposed courtesy and consideration for the rights any generation to be straight and sound and sure in its thinkof others, have been instilled into the hearts of children, ing. This business of glorifying the mediocre and misrepcannot be the incubator of false ideas and ideals which perresenting the commonplace is basically unethical, and is

mit men to go wrong and upset the world in every generamaking it difficult for our children to distinguish between tion. This thought the mothers of all nations and people, sterling and tinsel. And it may make it difficult for us to

present and yet to come, will do well to ponder: We are recognize the real thing when it does come along.

fighting a war to make the world safe for those things which—May 21, 1944.

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ItapDG W

ing that somehow they will become what we have called this practice delightfully rnotker <UJait Will Oe'9earn them. In childhood we find

excusable. A small boy wants a horse. He finds a stick,

and straddles it, and calls it a horse—and to him it becomes omm9 a horse. If we were to confine this practice of childhood

As the years were added upon his head, Victor Hugo harmlessto things sourcethat don'tof pleasantmatter, itdiversion.might wellButcontinuewe sometimesto be a

wrote: "I feel immortality in myself. Winter is on my permit it to carry over where it does matter. In material

head, but eternal spring is in my heart. The nearer I apthings our laws have made some progress in prevention. The

proach the end, the plainer I hear around me the immortal manufacturer of commodities must indicate to the consumer symphonies of the world to come.... For a half century I what his product contains in terms that can be understood.

have been writing my thoughts in prose and verse; but I If it's all wool, the label may say so; but if it isn't, the maker

is infeel said part of me. not onethousandth what I have principles us. with inform so But must intangibles—with

I shall to the ended have grave I have gone downWhen problem virtues character and human and and."qualities—the

.. will begin next morning. but day's another work; daymy himself as difficult. designate more becomes may man A

It is great caused be to comforting minds to read have what it or indicate honesty prefix Smith. Honest may The John

written, but whether they had so written or not would may be a device to cover sharp practice. The conferring of

neither affect the outcome nor alter man's conviction. Man a highsounding title in public life, or in private venture,

isis his immortality. the not himself evidence of "God own seen implies, and what it it may not. may mean We have

living,"the (Matt. the of dead, butthe and 22:32) God of specialists. the office Holding experts of overnight and much

Memorial Day is recognition of an undeniable conviction and receiving the salary aren't the determining factors.

in men, that, being dead, they live. And yet, as concerning Titles are cheap, and there is no limit to the number or the

life and death, there are those who would take issue with grandeur of those that can be coined. Raising a man tothe decisions of the Almighty—those who, if they were office, lavishing him with authority, gilding him with extravrunning the affairs of the universe, would no doubt cause to agant publicity, attributing to him virtues he doesn't possess,

yearslive the shorten have died, and would some who isn't leader a transformations. effect miraculous not of do A

it difficult live unworthily.some now who find who But we leader says he is. is a because someone leader merely He

daily decisionsto the simple of our make if lives—difficult will if follow they lead only and if he can men him—and straight our to (and sometimes too difficult) keepenough do. back to the sorry aren't to go But they soon they whenown personal affairs—could scarcely trust ourselves with boy and his stick horse: Someone will say, if the stick will

the decisions of life and death. It is not given unto us to make him as happy as would a horse,why not? That might be

know the why of all things. Beyond every answer lies anall right if we could remain in our childhood and forever inother question, and inevitably we come to know that we dulge in the game of selfdelusion, but inevitably there comesmust live, in part at least, by faith—but a faith fortified with a time when life forces its realities upon us, and then comes

the allsufficient assurance that though death do us part there the realization that labels are fraudulent and titles are empty is yet another meeting place where men shall know and be unless they honestly describe the contents of the package or known by those they cherish; where they shall find work to the qualities of the man. To call a man something he isn't,

do, and shall grow in intelligence and godlike achievement, doesn't make him what we call him, whether it be good or worlds without end. And neither the uncertainty of life nor bad. Labels are useful if they tell the truth. They are

ofthe certainty treacherous if they don't.—May 7, 1944. such is foundwhom deathconviction—acan destroy convictionthe peace thatof thosecouldwithnot

be implanted by argument. There are no words to convince Copyright. 1944.

a man of such an elemental truth if the evidence of it didn't speak to him from his very being. And all our deference for

the dead is its own testimony of that without which life would have no meaning.—May 28, 1944.

cLabeld

"Rvery generation has its foibles and its practices of selfdeception, one of which, certainly, is the mislabeling of things—calling them

something other than what they are, and hopJULY, 1944 443 was sixteen; Henry Ford started his mechanical work

at seventeen; Jane Addams was only six when she had

determined what her life work would be; Florence Editorials Nightingale at a very early age devoted her attention

to the illness around her. And, most significant of all,

so sincere was the desire of the fourteenyear-old JoJke \AJau of lAnitu seph Smith to learn the truth that his earnest prayer was answered by the appearance of the Father and

VS7"hen Christ plead that his disciples all might be the Son to him, resulting in the establishment of the *"one, he sounded an abiding principle of conduct Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

in human affairs more fundamental than any rule of Perhaps something has gone wrong in the world of parliamentary procedure to be found in the handbooks. adults that young people are not given the encourageBeing one in purpose and spirit is the necessary prelude ment to develop early those qualities which could so

to being one in mind. Men of widely divergent views easily better the world. As parents right now, the

can deliberate on any problem and come out friends as opportunity presents itself to give more responsibility long as they are not partisan in spirit. In committees to these young people in learning the joys and duties of

or councils or general assemblies, or at international family and community life. Too often, parents who

peace tables, they will arrive at unanimity of action themselves had a hard time in their early life are guilty when they begin in unanimity of feeling. Fact and of coddling their families. They feel that they wish to

opinion and free discussion resolve themselves into a make the road easier for their children. But the way

decision which is the product of many minds but one of progress is not easy. As someone so wisely said,

spirit. What is an open forum becomes a concord of "Drifting is pleasant, but it is always downstream."

action which is not an agreement merely but a convicIf the struggle for an education, for instance, is not so tion having the forged strength of alloy, the harmony terrific that the young people go down to defeat, the of many chords. It is not spineless compromise; it is not actual sacrifice entailed in obtaining the education will

"peace at any price"; it is not flabby submission to make it doubly appreciated when final attainment is

whoever happens to be presiding. It is a new creation—realized.

it is the way of unity. There should be a goodly amount of family activity

It is the only way the Church knows. Since the planned during this summer, for the rubber shortage

burden of its mission is to establish peace, its memberwill make travel at a minimum. However, that need

ship must be one—whether as bishopric or stake presinot mean that the joys of travel cannot be experienced,

dency or Sunday School superintendency, as quorum, for directing an active imagination will devise ways and committee, or conference. Their every action to be means of capitalizing on this loss.

valid must be an action unanimously taken. This does At the same time that parents are providing for their

not call for a leveling of individual thought and conown, they can exercise a little generosity and include viction to a meaningless concurrence, but on the conother young folk in the family fun. The mother whose

trary for the full employment of the very experience husband is at war will be especially appreciative if and differences which caused them to be called to their some one else's dad will only put his arms around her positions. So long as they are "anxiously engaged in son's shoulders and "pal"up with him. The mother

a good cause,"they will without fail come to a unanimity who works will feel ever so grateful if some one else's of action. And to the extent they are in harmony in mother will occasionally arrange an hour or so of

their deliberation and discussion, they will express the recreation in which her own daughter can participate.

Lord's will, for harmony is the law of his government, Those parents who, meaning well, cannot seem to put in the bodies of the universe as in the heart of man. into practice their ideas of wholesome recreation will

Some there may be who, "convinced against their receive an impetus to greater activity by their children's will, are of the same opinion still,"and miss entirely the stories of what they did in a neighbor's home.

thrill of this harmony. Unable to discipline themselves, This task lies at hand: to plan so well in constructive

they nurture an opposition even after the decision effort that the destructive element has no chance even founded on due deliberation and free discussion has to enter the thoughts of young people, let alone be given been made. Highminded men and women avoid these a chance for fruition in delinquent acts. The opporrifts. They see the greatness and the beauty and the tunity lies at hand to create better citizens at the same

power of the whole, the one, of which they are but a time that parents create a happier, more completely part. They know the strength and joy of the way of satisfying type of home life.—M. C. /.

unity in the Church. W. M.

Pioneet6—i944 StuL

irtunikt HPo all Latterday Saints, the Twentyfourth of July [Parental kJiw t is culmination synonymous with achievement—the

across to carry the Pioneers vision strong enough "VJiTiTH"havetheansummeropportunityvacationto inlearnfull swing,whetherparentsthey havenow of* a planned wisely enough for activity, in both work and barren deserts to an even more barren alkaline waste play, for the younger members of the family, who, reland. The Twentyfourth means also the wresting of

leased from school, still need most careful direction. the land from its devastating drought until it became

In the past year or so, parents have heard much about an oasis of beauty and rest for any who happened to juvenile delinquency. Recognizing that such a thing reach her shelter. And many thousands have come and

exists, it now seems opportune to change the emphasis found surcease. More important, this day means that

and call it, from a positive point of view, juvenile opthe Pioneers had maintained their integrity, even in the portunity. It is amazing in the history of mankind just face of almost overwhelming odds.

how much had been done by children of even tender The qualities the Pioneers developed did not die with years. Parents need to recall frequently that Mozart them; they are to be found in abundance in today's

was only eight when he published his first musical score; pioneers who are holding fast to the vision of a new

Columbus went to sea at fourteen; Robert Fulton inworld, a world suited to the cause which they have

vented paddlewheels, computed proportions, and sold espoused. For that vision they are willing to withdraw

enough paintings to support his family by the time he from the world of temptation (Concluded on page 466)

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

served that help clarify the intent of the original manuscripts.

Often, the student cannot well fathom the mind of Evidences and the translator. For example, in the King James translation of the Bible, the Greek word pneuma is mostly

translated "spirit."When, however, the word "holy"reconciliations ( hagios ) precedes pneuma, the rendering becomes, generally, "Holy Ghost."Apparently, the translators felt

that the prefix "holy,"gave the word "spirit"the meaning of the third member of the Godhead, distinguished r/ote—<Jjia sfe5a5 Cver ferfortn by the name "Holy Ghost."This, however, led to inconsistencies, for in Luke 3:22, "the Holy Ghost deiSaptLI5m5 scended,"and in John 1:32, "saw the Spirit descending."Distinctions without differences appear.

HPhe last paragraph of the answer to this question in It is more likely that the failure to understand the "the June issue should read as follows distinction between the Holy Ghost, and the influence

There is no recorded evidence in the Bible, as transwhich issues from God, called the Holy Spirit, the Spirit lated from existing manuscripts, that Jesus actually perof God, the spirit of truth, etc., led the copyists of the

formed baptisms. However, the inspired translation by manuscripts in early days to corrupt the text, by adding

the Prophet Joseph Smith, John 4:2, reads: "Now the or taking away the word "holy"whenever it seemed to

Lord knew this, though he himself baptized not so many fit their erroneous theology. Certainly, whatever the

as his disciples."This accords with our understanding cause of the various translations of the word pneuma,

of the mission of Jesus. He gave authority to his disthey have led to misunderstandings and endless conciples to baptize, and no doubt often directed the ortroversy about the third member of the Godhead and his

dinances. But, certainly, he had the right to perform functions. Recent translations, such as Goodspeed's,

baptisms if he so desired. And, from modern revelation, translate the word pneuma, as "spirit"wherever it octhat matter, the word ghost is but the AngloFor as above quoted, he did perform A. W. curs. baptisms.—/. spirit. for Saxon word

The word pneuma is also translated as "wind"(John 3:8, "The wind bloweth where it listeth"); as "life"

Ixxxll. fd the Vfew Jeitamen t (Rev. 13:15, "He had power to give life"); and as

"spiritual''(I Cor. 14:12, "Ye are zealous of spiritual

translated cJLiterallu f gifts"). Many other Greek words are likewise rendered under

is phthano several Greek words. English word The translation art to another of language from one HPhe

shall not in I Thess. 4:15, "prevent,"as translated "We difficulties. involves Vocabularies gramand many

is it "attain,"places rendered other In them."prevent differ language. matical constructions with every A the to attained "Israel not hath law."9:31, in as Romans literal translation for book, would or of any word word

is Philippians psyche most 3:16.) also The word (See fail original meaning. the to reproduce probably Cerin "soul,"are as 10:28, "but translated frequently Matt.

it is tainly, readable. exan not be very would Here

it kill is soul."But, often as nearly able to the not

: ample translated "life,"as in Matt. 6:25, "Take no thought

The literal translation of Matt. 23:14 reads: for your life."Psyche is also rendered "heart,"as in

heart"; the "will of and 6:6, from the word Eph. God

for scribes Pharisees, hypocrites, to you, and But woe in 1:27, Philippians places, as three in "mind"ye becomes

pretext of the at great length as a widows, houses devour and is together."baptizo word one mind striving "with The shall this receive of praying. Because ye abundant more

it also is translated "baptize"; but translated usually judgment.

"wash,"as in Mark 7:4, "except they wash, they eat

King James'version renders the above: not"(see also Luke 11:38). The word soteria is usually

2:12, in Philippians "salvation,"as "Work Pharisees, hypocrites! scribes and unto you, for ye translated Woe it as "health,"salvation"; also appears but out your own for houses, devour and widows'a pretence make long prayer:

therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation. as in Acts 27:34, "for this is your health."

Such diverse translations of one word are numerous,

The translator must catch the intended message of a and examples could be multiplied.

sentence or paragraph, from the meaning of the words, It is equally interesting to note that several Greek from the context, and from his own feelings, and then words are often rendered alike in English. For example,

attempt to reproduce the thought correctly, with every the English word "law,"in the New Testament, comes inflection of meaning, in the best words at his command; in most cases from nomos, but there are about five other

and to the understanding of the reader. words translated "law."Twelve or more different

This makes it unavoidable that much of the translator, words are translated "child"; about twenty are transhimself, remains in his translation. His technical knowllated "see"; about thirteen are rendered "ordain"; ten

edge, his manner of language, his beliefs, and even his or more are translated "death"and nine at least appear likes and dislikes are reflected in his rendering of a docuas "life."Eleven are rendered "minister"; eight are

ment from one language to another. For example, a translated "judgment"—and so on with scores of experson reared in false Christian doctrine would, perhaps amples.

unconsciously, make the translation of a religious writThis is not surprising. In English we have numering conform to his beliefs. ous synonyms, words that have very nearly the same

It is these and other difficulties that make it necessary meaning. For example, agreement, contract, covenant,

to scrutinize translations with greatest care; and to comcompact, and bargain, carry much the same idea. So

pare the renderings by different persons to come as near also do alarm, terror, fear, fright, consternation, trepidaas possible to the original meaning, and to avoid mistion, panic, and apprehension. Or take the words, belief,

leading interpretations. The more important a book is, credit, trust, faith; or heavenly, celestial, divine, godthe more necessary such care becomes. Therefore, the like. When, in a language, there is no exact equivalent,

New Testament has been translated and retranslated with the same shade of meaning, the translator is com* many times. In every translation differences are ob- {Concluded on page 471

JULY, 1944 445

Melchizedek Priesthood

J> TBtijrtrw"Tfr> Tfc fcjfcjfcrjrwjrjrfflt i ffftr "h jryyjrj Tfr 8> iftii Ibfc Wti wth lft> w al>> mi i JnTTii lro> iffiftii fflr.fffe i ilTOi.Sai l flfri i ifm i ffffl i.iMW iilmJt>>Ab fc 'jrjrjrjrjrjr,jrjrjrjrjrjr*w9www"1fc h Jfc Tfc Ttm Ih i TfcMb lit Tth w*9w> Wi fflli w"ft "frlh

FIELDING SMITH MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COUNCIL COMMITTEECONDUCTED BY THE OF OF THE THE TWELVE—JOSEPH

A. CALLIS, G. CLIFFORD CHARLES CHAIRMAN; EZRA T. BENSON, HAROLD B. LEE, ROMNEY, MARION THOMAS E. MCKAY,

E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS, RUFUS K. HARDY

sionaries at our city library in the geneaus, but we are happy in our assignments.

logical section. Most of these ladies are We know enough of human nature to realize

from Cache Stake and we have officially set that the development of a new program is

Intelligent Leadership Means them apart to their work, in which they are gradual. So long as we can continue to

Increase in Temple Work most conscientious. To make our library maintain an active interest and gradual inshall of crease accomplished, researchcard drawing a for our more in work we indicate a commendable"Deports that people, of atvarious progress is being a degree made. have inminded made we WefeelAv particularcrease jn temple work,... it. to divine for are enlarge continued the tempts of need mindful

ly in connection with the current priestAlready many of our brethren who are help and inspiration in doing such an imporhood temple project. Although some too busy to go to the temple, and in some tant work.

stakes are located more favorably for instances brethren who know they aren't Rigby Stake temple attendance, results invariably inworthy to get a recommend yet, have made December 26 the high priests visited the towards cash contributions it is viriledicate that and progressive names. did work for 52 and the proxy enLogan Temple

... program. isleadership of transportation to hire determines means which the amount dowment Our only

of temple work accomplished. We have found that our stake and ward a bus and that is difficult to do. However,

Official instructions emphasize that leaders are outstanding in recognizing their we met with a member of every Melresponsibility as priesthood last to members chizedek Priesthood presidency go quorum at thethe encouragement of attendance it its effect temple, to the has representative of other along and the Sunday, on with a responsibilitemple of the is one major to this of stake members presidency service ward come who know and Church comties of stake genealogical ofand ward activity leadership this and of mittee, become aware discussed work. and

ficers. All appointments for official bapindividual responsibility in Church service. On one excursion, all members of the

tism, endowment and sealing excursions Excursions from elders'and seventy's quostake presidency, the stake patriarch, six from the stake should be made through rums are in frequent evidence.... high councilmen and most of our wives visthe stake committee. Stake and ward All in all we recognize we have a real ited the Logan Temple. Our bishops have

genealogical officials should utilize responsibility to fulfill in the calls made of been cooperating with us very well....

every established organization and every legitimate opportunity to have effective announcements of such apMelchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, September, 1944 pointments made to stimulate and inText: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

spire Church members to participate. Writings and Discourses of John Taylor

Reports follow of two stakes where such leadership is being effectively given LESSON 33 law, Satan, etc.) What are the results of

Foundations of the Christian Faith the atonement? Why should "all things be

Stake inCache the the done of they? name Son"? Are 109114. Topics: Text: pp. The Memothings are? things are not? What What Last accepted June assignment an from we rial the of the of Lord's Sacrament Supper.

it difference in the might What make modernthe to temple 2700 do proxy male for Christian Advent. Second Reasons The

if all world things in the done were of name the duringments balance of 1943. did WeendowRevelation. Memorial Knowledge by Came Christ? all things Should in his be done4486 and had brethren participating many Christ to Revelation. of The by Come the (Recall scripture: Work name? every- "Not had not this previously active in beenwho of the Diffusion Christian of God. The.".. saith, its one that Lord, Lord and In lieu local ofwork. project for this a year Idea. of Tradiand Testimony The Myth warning insincere about performance.) are accepting the projectwe Churchwide tion. Revelation Modern and Knowledge

of temple for every work Melchizedek the of Atonement. 36 LESSONPriesthood desires particito member who

all basis the of Discuss: lesson past On Restoration of The the Gospelpate. and are bishops furnishing The us with

class discussions, treat this material and the Keys of Priesthood thelist of of names Melchizedek Priesthood is the of the sacrapurpose question—What aremembers to worthy receive temple 121126. Text: who Topics: pp. Joseph partake? ment? do we new What Why will theyrecommends; also Smith. to Referred the a Son. recommend Principles and light President these throw does Taylor onconservative for assignment Priesthood. each the of Gathering. member Keys The this in clearer questions chapter? unWhat fulfill hisbased capacity upon to the of the same. Restoration. Purpose Gather an To derstanding the of nature of and meaning committee, as part a of theOur servUpright People. Church Bring Life Imand To is to material the the gospel from had beice will committee, in then help the mortality to Light. preparaFree. Make To Men heading, the organized Diffusion under "Thetion letter of call to a to to of the these each Introduce go Rule and Government To of the Christian Idea"? members, assigning reward of a them temple Earth. as Smith Joseph on a God Responsibility in the of storer. proxy Joseph's so many Joseph's TesOwn Story. 3435 LESSONS to do.endowments are having timony for the to John Taylor. ReNeed formWe Mediation and Atonement the The stake presidencymember of the storation. in charge

of our work sign this letter... Text: pp. 114120. Topics: The PosiDiscuss: (This lesson concludes the maDuring the latter half of 1943 we broke tion of Christ. Holds All Power by Reason terial in Book II, "The Gospel Message,"

our assignment of 2700 names down into of the Atonement. Distinctions Between the and leads naturally into Book III, "Priesteight units and gave a unit to each ward Position of Christ and His Followers. The hood: The Government of God.") Could

on the basis of priesthood membership. Act of the Atonement. Of Central Importhe gospel have been restored without

These units were broken down within each tance. The Suffering, etc. The Power and priesthood? What of this statement (p.

ward and given to the high priests, sevenEffects of the Atonement. The Resurrection. 122): "The people that are independent,

ties, and elders. The work was done by a Progress Toward Godhood Made Possible, who think they can get along without refew. This experience caused us to go direct etc. The Atonement and the Christian's ligion or without God, will find that in time

to the individuals worthy to do temple work Life. or eternity they will have to come to the

in our project for 1944. We hope that it Discuss: What is Christ's position in priesthood of God."What was the purwill work out with greater satisfaction. the scheme of things? Was his sacrifice pose of the Restoration? What is "the rule

Brothers Nolan Olsen and Spencer H. necessary to gain this position? Why sufferand government of God on earth"? Was

Daines are my counselors and we are in ing, bloodshed, sacrifice in connection with the gospel restored to bring such rule about?

mutual agreement in our program. the atonement? Could the sacrifice have This being true, what forces or agencies beNolan is in charge of our research probeen made in some other way? Was an sides sectarian churches might have been

gram, since he was already directing the atonement necessary? Why? (Recall maexpected to oppose the rise of Mormonism?

efforts of a group of parttime lady misterials in previous lessons, e.g., concerning Why? Need they have feared?

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

smoke, drink, swear, etc., because they This means that every girl of Gleaner age,

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO lackotherstheindulge.moral courage to refrain when notMutual.properly exempted, has been enrolled in

COLUMN Now it is a demonstrated, scientific We submit the plan to you for your

Conducted by fact that smoking and drinking are posistudy and adoption with such modificaDr. Joseph F. Merrill tivelyspiritually,harmful,to thephysically,normal person,mentally,espeand tionsstancesasmayyourwiselyconditionswarrant.andHowever,circumcially to the youth. So, many states two things are to be kept in mind: the

How to Cure the Smoking Habit have passed laws requiring that the committee setups ( 1 ) shall be kept unin shall taught public schools be youth direction the stake of the presidency der like stop to smoking youWould alcohol, effects tobacco, the of harmful tendthus the bishoprics and and ward inso, If habit? the we overcome narcotics. other school and Also activities and to develop independent ency article interesting the to readvite you all athletic the college over coaches shall the develop, lady not and (2) printed p. on Oaks, L. Doctorby W. training in their prohibit their country boys shall of because chosen be workers docthe Era. of issue this in The429 etc. drinking, smoking, from sympathetically, qualifications to work is an authoritatively, writestor, who are general of There methods effectively the to continually, two end and Utah. in Provo, practitioneroutstanding teaching examshall and maintained that on be check a conduct—precept the smoker is with sympathetic veryHe it is ple. the generally two, conceded girl the 12 age Of of and every between the give like up to really wouldwho is that effective far the example is the more of Church. a member 20 who so. it difficult to Hence finds dohabit but "I'd rather method. see sermon a any brethren, Sincerely your to time out taken has OaksDoctor states than generally a one"hear day

write up the most helpful suggestions accepted truth. Further, "I cannot hear Council of the Twelve,

to make. able been experts havethe Smith, are because George Albert what say you what you

surely suggestions all theseAmong President. in loudly my ears."

quit habit the desiring to smokerevery heartily most school commend ringsWeso to suited of them or findwill more one authorities for their asking to teachers case.his abstain indulgences from that be would The Church Moves On unfailing, powerful is there an But students. to their harmful Virtues can

name. doctor does not 44 that the Continued pagehelp from It best be taught example. by Utah; Stratford Evans, Logan,1 Utah; Payson,( Cheever, prayer. worthy The California; Bronzelis prayer—sincere, Monica, Jex, Santa Lorenzo Delbert

Lord will surely not turn away the toLaBriel Pickett, Gunnison, Utah; Nathaniel Carling

bacco addict who will worthily and Letter to Young,peg, Manitoba,Kanab, Utah;Canada;GeraldFultonEldonWoodruffMelchin, Bevans,Winnipersistently seek his help. This means Cardston, Alia., Canada; William Love Nalder, RayNiels Skousen, Alta., Jr., Canada; James

Alta., Welling,the smoker who makes up his mind to Stake Presidencies mond,Chandler, Earl Wilde, Arizona; Elmer

quit and sticks to his resolution, in the (Concluded from page 441) Canada.

meantime praying earnestly that the girls to be active in existing organizaWilliamEastern:NibleyJohnWale,HayesSaltMoore,Lake City;SpanishConwayFork, WelchUtah;

Lord will take away the desire to smoke, tions. The committee should not plan Dunn, Logan, Utah; Greenland Cadman Simpson,

will not be let down. Yes, will power or promote activities for the girls except Bakersfleld.Sacramento, California;California;EdgarLawrenceThatcherEdwardRolapp,Taylor,North

and God's help combined enable any those sponsored by one or more of these Hollywood, California; Ray Bailey Barker, Ogden,

smoker to overcome his enslaving habit. organizations. There are to be no Utah;East FredCentral:RussellNormanGreen,J. SaltAndrew,Lake Trenton,City. Utah; And how great the joy of him who classes or activities planned for the girls Mrs. Ruby Adelia Harper Andrew. Trenton, Utah.

finds that he is free once again! "I will,"outside of the existing organizations. lenHawaiian:Petersen, RayTremonton,James Hill.Utah.Ogden, Utah; Scott Alis the battle cry of achievement. This is a matter which should be closely New England: Douglas Jolley Hardy, Salt Lake

Doctor Oaks'article will be reguarded, for the tendency will otherCity;WinfleldGoldenHurst,AtkinDeclo,Buchmiller,Idaho; DonRexburg,FrithiofIdaho;Johnson,Leo

printed in pamphlet form and a copy wise develop to have social and other Shelley, Idaho; Willard Bovee Mecham, Mt. Emmons,

sent free on request to all applicants. activities independent of existing orKennethUtah; DavidWinderGeorgePorter,Nelson,Monroe,III, Utah;Snowville.Frank Utah;BenAddress NoLiquor-Tobacco Commitganizations. nion Redd, Monticello, Utah; George Rogers Hawkes,

tee, Church Office Building, Salt Lake In the stakes where the girl checking Preston,NorthernIdaho.California: Spencer Rock Pugh, Murray,

City l,Utah. plan has reached every girl the results Utah; George Shelton Standage, Mesa, Arizona; David

Stewart, Davell PeterKaysville, Rodney Utah; Alma are very satisfactory. The attendance Huffaker California; sen, Venice, Wilson, MidEmerTeachers and Smoking at organization meetings, way, and sacrament Utah.

Xn the June issue of the Reader s Diigest the payment of tithing and all other acCity;NorthernHermenStates:RudolphGrantCarpenter,Morgan Bosworth,Park City,SaltUtah;Lake

relating to the girls as LatterCity; Rees, Spencer Salt Marion Lake Duff Hanks, T. a tivities is published a article by condensed

Idaho; Richards, Oakley, Ashton Utah; George greatly have day Saints improved and Loa, university, eneasternprofessor in an Scott Greybull, Haskell Smith, Mervin Wyoming;

Salvesen, Eugene Utah; Robert Hyrum, Normantitled, in the Classroom.""Revolt The increased.

City. Salt Lake In a recent report from Granite Stake Thompson, the deploreswriter fact that many Arizona; Phoenix, Reid North Central: Jay Bodine,

read: Fork, Utah; Anderson, Spanish Keith Lynn James we left the during classroomteachers have

Balls, Charles Holden, Bennett, Park, Utah; Jess Hyde of have average an had approximatefor other remunerayearsrecent more We Call, Utah; Richards Utah; Odell Willard Ogden, Van

girls ly 1220 inclusive ages 558 Bountiful, Clifford City; record Salt Smith, Card, Lake on Ted given the reasonstive But work. among

Altonah, Utah; Arthur Utah; Timothy, Heber James in this Granite Stake. as Using number a in for the employchange writer theby Bishop, Sublett, Clayton Zollinger, Jacob Idaho; David the following base have observamade we Delta, Utah. Willard. Merlin Utah; Norton Cook, following: the are "Communitiesment girls tions: of these attended sacraTetonia, Bradby, Northwestern: LeGrand James 35%

infinitely in ingenious debeenhave Idaho; Johnson, Vernal, Utah; DonTimothy Dwayne during the meeting 1943; ment year 61%

ald City; Cornelius Koller, Salt Benjamin Lake Wright life the the of tovising make ways the of in present group were same Sunday Thirl City; Nielsen, Salt William MapleLake Tew,

forbidunpleasant. all girls of stake; the of Schools have theseteacher They ton, Archibald Hooper, Widdison, Gardner Utah; 71%

Harris Finn, Utah; Idaho; William Rigby, Thyrald tithe the of are records the as on Church swear, drink, to dance, smoke, himden

Boise, Idaho; Delbert Nelson, Hatch; Robert Norman this of payers, being 308 reported number hotel, part takelive or pool play in a Howell, Campbell, AriPaul Phoenix, Utah; Delos

full tithe as payers reported as 90 part and zona; Loa, Utah. Oldroyd, George Kay politics, Inin so and nauseam. on ad

Lauritzen, Monte, Southern: William El Orson girls tithe of payers. (This group paid a the forcedgeneral, communities have Paris, California; Idaho; Orr. King Victor Vyrin total tithing in the during of $8,150.42 year Catherine Bluebell, Utah; JenWathen, Brady Henry all the of toteacher a negabe model the In of February 1943.) 1944, of month sen, City; Salt Salt Christian Jensen, Lake Lake James

virtues."tive City; Smith, Willis Arthur Monroe, Baird Utah; Reese girls to are the 558 have been shown 62%

Falls, Hill Sessions, Idaho; Coburn, Idaho Jack Oxsurprising things to of the us in in School, preOne present Sunday were 43% ford, Idaho; Anderson, Northman Cottonwood, Jack

is in sent meeting,this each sacrament the assertion that Sunday statement and moral Salt Franklin Earl Utah; PhoeCounty, Updike, Lake

nix, Francis Gibbons, Arizona; AriPhoenix, Marion attended In the public eveMutual. negative.virtues since long are did 45% How

zona; Utah. Johns, Ogden, Lamont James of session stake our held ning conference drifttkis to be? downstream come Griffin, To Clarkston, Julia SpanishAmerican: Utah;

12, the presidency 1944, of under March Miller Utah; Hansen, Melvin Monroe, Grange Campis easier to than upstream. row "When

bell all Idaho; Hill, Lorenzo, Goff. of Marion the SacraHeath Richards, Bishop LeGrand 53% isin the the as do"do Romans Rome California; Taylor, mento. Alvin Ralph Utah. Mendon, girls present. of teen Granite Stake age were

Texas: Lyle Cooley. Newton, Rigby Hale Utah; to the the behave, noteasy, worldly way of the feature the "Binding program was A Pleasant, Burt Seeley, Keller. Utah; Mt. Nathaniel

act. the to moralcourageous, Most way Ricks, Idaho; Earl Creek, the Idaho; Girl Sheaf."Teton, Mink of Gleaner Norman hundred One

youths (and other people, too) begin to thirty girls participated in this ceremony. ( Concluded on page 452

JULY, 1944 447 Aaronic Priesthood '><4<<<*<** CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP (xJPi&iL Sbwudstiidu 3bwuL

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY AUGUST, 1944 Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS

Chapter XX: A "Do"Program

Quotations from the Text:

1. Boys are held to religious life by a do

program in their own lives. Nothing

produces loyalty like activity.

2. In the do program you must use every

tack possible in your discovery of potential abilities. I've located talent

by talking to dayschool teachers, to parents, and to a boy's close friends who make up his crowd.

3. Wise teachers ace alert to signs of na

tive leadership.

4. My family would tell you that of my

halfdozen hobbies, my first hobby is the search [or talent. I like to try to

outguess people. I like to locate ability

where nobody else has seen it. You get AARONIC PRIESTHOOD LEADERS, MIDVALE FIRST WARD, EAST JORDAN STAKE

that hobby and you'll build an invenLeft to right: Robert Mortey, deacons'adviser; Lawrence Mineer, ward clerk; Elmo Sager, deacons'adviser;

tory of youth that thrills the Church. Henry Wahlqttist, second counselor to bishop; Cecil Douglas, teachers'adviser; Frank Griffiths, first counselor

to bishop; Louis Monson, general secretary; H. G. Tempest, bishop, and priests'adviser; Sid Arnold, deacons'personal success with boys 5. Whatever

to adviser. I have ever not been had has due

ability but to a certain uncanny knack of making boys run themselves. To "Dishop Henry G. Tempest and his general secretary and the quorum adthat end, in my own class work I've **"* Aaronic Priesthood leaders point the visers.

yet than of never be leader done more five qualiin follow their "All leaderand the boys quorums way the ward class discussions. "chores"were The

fied ship for witness as the following the attendance Standard Award. Quorum classes. of members That done by my

so trained leadership that one boy went records at priesthood during the entire The average attendance at quorum into the deep hills of the Cumberland year 1943: meeting for the entire year was 66%,

range, back among his own illiterate Priests i Standard Quorum enrollment.

forty miles railroad people a from and total tithing of paid $530.00 was "A Brown, Ray Raymond Wan85%; first started the that in School Sunday the group, of by with boys the berg, 98% Buckley, Marvin 85%; 77%. I is section. truth that whole The participating. deacons produced The: Teachers that started something probably was 113 for pounds of the dressed rabbit

I, thing the important that than more Bates, David Glendon Camp94%; welfare Church program. is myself, all doing. what That was bell,; Olson, Richard Rich94%; 94% the direction of "Under to. this Robert ripples of of service Morcomes The Vincent, ard Buckley, Donald 92%; ley, finally find the of themselves advisers distant to the one on deacons'Stowe, Shirl Tommie 90%; 90%; It thrill shores. gives to one a know quorums, a chorus organized of was out Sandstrom, Clark Jones, 88%; 83%; it? this, doesn't a which quartet double quartet a and Nelson Buck, Kenneth Wanberq, 81%; youthful trained leaders for were 6. My also selected. were sing These boys

lieutenants jobs. into 81%. sent roomWe regularly at stake functions."and ward hotels, ing houses, homes. found They.Deacons: last the of year. Sunday each On out missing. members were why They Billie Buck, Strong, Robert 88%; Bishop his Tempest andco-workers of brought sickness. word They Allen Jensen, Shirl Kirk, 88%; 80%; hold in an program. award delinquent the brought members. Here They

brought in new members. I never 75%; Melvin Mitchell, 75%; Jack priests, teachers, and deacons meet in

knowingly located a true leader that Webster, 75%. a group for a fine spiritual program and

straddle right into job. a not him the presentation of special of for the reasons in awards success Some

7. Dillinger ever given was John NoI did presented a this to young with set forth are outstandmen work Louis by Monprogram. boyhood heard only do He ing records in the son, various general secretary, of phases as follows: series a don'ts! shouted of

8. To locate and use boys'talents not "The Midvale First Ward conducted the program.

only gives them a positive Christian a successful Aaronic Priesthood proAnother splendid example of what action program of living, but it is the gram during 1943. can be done with boys when leadership

world's greatest spiritual against wall points the way. attribute our success to follow- "We

all inaction. help us evil and God to ing the prescribed program

for building kep vast on God's men the Presiding by reliBishopric. suggestedWe tomorrows!

giously hold our monthly boy ward yojdk. for SpwkduHelps the Class Leader: leadership meeting. committee We

1. the author's Discuss thoroughly sugalso hold regular council meetings with LIKES A IN BOY PRIEST- "WHAT A gestion of a "black white"invenand the general secretary, advisers, quorum LEADER"HOOD talents. tory of officers and in quorum attendance. A 2. inthe to Demonstrate use which such

at social least T like once is a priesthood each leader is very month friendwho talents of ventory be placed may helpful. fellow ly, a greets with a who the of through you oragency our Church

ganizations. "Each member of the bishopric supersmile, shakes hands, and has some

3. Is there an actual "Do"program for vises the activities of his respective friendly conversation whenever he

boys in your ward? group, and in close cooperation with the meets you. A friendly leader gets your

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ward Teaching CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

confidence and helps you with your onproblems. go back boy won't A a WARD TEACHERS

his leader helps a friendlyfriend, so boys to do right whether he is with them The teacher's duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and or not. strengthen them;

I like a leader who is interesting, one And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with who studies the lesson before coming to each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

illustrate finds thingsclass to each and that the church see meet together often, and also see that all the Andpoint. interesting leader knows An their C. 20:5355.) duty. do his members (D. &

will that the things hold theirboys and attention. He makes the lessons fit our

experiences.

I like understanding, leader a who has Warn UeackeH rl/le55a<je for Jruffbist, 1944 is sympatheticone when who we are in trouble and, in turn, shares our fun when we are happy. An understanding leader SECRET PRAYER

TJTis heart was heavy. The time of His betrayal was near at hand. The

* * curtain of mortal life was soon to be drawn. A full realization of the

climax to his earthly mission was pounding upon his consciousness. He

knew!

Though he was a God; though the earth, the sea, and even life itself

were the products of his creative power, how he longed for the support whichGethsemane—itcould come onlywasfromquiet,his Fatherpeaceful.in heaven.Wearily, but expectantly, he

trudged toward the garden. His disciples followed as if to protect him.

Though he appreciated their faithful interest in his welfare, that which he sought was far beyond their power to give. He bade them "tarry."He

wanted to commune with his Father. He "fell on his face, and prayed,"

alone.

Jesus has not only set before us the example, but he has also given us instructions in the matter of secret prayer, saying, "But thou, when thou

CHARLES PETER WARNICK prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy

Charles is president of the Deacons'Quorum, Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward

Denver Second Ward, Denver Stake. He delivered thee openly."(Matt. 6:6.)

quarterly the address printed here during a stake brother, conference. Reed, His younger is also Jesus recognized the great power coming through secret prayer. He

shown in the photograph. was anxious that all men be instructed in this principle. It had blessed and

comforted him—it would do likewise for others.

places himself in our position and sees When shall we pray? Shall we wait for the exigencies of war, the

things from our point of view. He never pinch of poverty, the dread of disease, or the fear of death, to crowd upon

embarrasses a boy but always makes us before we seek the Lord in prayer? Should these and kindred needs be

him feel that he is in the right place at the only spur that sends us to our knees?

the right time. What about those who now enjoy an unprecedented degree of pros-

A leader who knows what he is talkperity? Have they need for the Lord's help? Do they have any need for

ing about soon gains a boy's interest prayer—secret prayer?

and respect. We all like to feel that our The answer is obvious to the thinking mind. There is not one single

teacher is an authority and that there thing ordained for the blessing and comfort of man which is not God's to is to question anything he says. no need obligations to the clearly defined. are withhold. Lord Man's to give—or unless respect don't a leaderBoys reverently in thanksgiving for each soul Christian truly day will bow they The

feel that he knows more than they do blessings received and pray for blessings needed.

that they can dependand on what he daughter, a mother, son, a whether old prayer of a father, a The secrettells true. as being them to the the salvation or sad, is a sure rich or anchor of poor, happy or young,

I like a priesthood leader who is soul, for it is linked to the throne of God.

strut or doesn't show onehumble, who like Yes, let us pray as Jesus did,—always, and so teach our children. like boaster, but I dooff. I don't a

a leader who makes me feel somewhere near his equal and that he can learn from me, too. What he says we remember and believe. every little mistake, and they will take

I like a leader who is cheerful and I like a leader who has a sense of a chance in answering a question or dolooks on the sunny side of life. No one humor, a fellow who can appreciate a ing an assignment, even though they are

wants to be around a grouch or a leader good joke even though it might somenot sure they are exactly right.

who can't ever seem to smile without times be at his own expense. Boys like Most of all, I like a leader who comunusual effort. to feel free with their leaders. They mands my respect. I want him to be

I like a leader who is sincere, who don't want to feel afraid or that they successful in his work—honest in whatpractices what he preaches, who doesn't must guard every word or act. If their he says and does—and someone who

He or cheat. A leader who is sincere gets leader has a sense of humor, boys soon can and will correct me when I am

under our skin and stirs our emotions. learn that they won't be blamed for wrong.

JULY, 1944 449

Homing < < <4*4<*<< <

that foodstuffs preserved produced and by greatest part of Hyde. he what "The idtu the spoil for that householder not would do Vuaaeduond The utmost care should be taken to see as what he loves,"says Dr. William will forget. speedily knows, he What waste, the disfavor looks be and with Lord

loves, will on. feed His hunger he he his waste. blessed has upon people with He

effort nis his will to increase prompt this crops. for promise abundant year The STORAGE OF ON

It is store."the the of thoughts boy is is hopeful. most doing Lord (1942) The CANNED FOODS his part; he expects us to do ours."(From and the things that he loves which shape

the "Message of the First Presidency,"given the future man.

Issued by the General Church Welfare at the April Conference, 1942. See Era, President James A. Garfield once said,

Committee p. 272, May 1942.) "I feel a profounder reverence for a boy

I a man. a ragged never meet boy of this bulletin will than copies Additional Bulletin No. 9 street feeling without on the him I owe request. be sent upon

a salute, for I know not what possibilidays, pioneer people our have—Photograph by Paul S. Bieler ties may be buttoned up under his shabSince

their leaders counseled been by coat."by

"to have a year's supply of essenOn the tomb of Schubert, the great tial foodstuffs ahead. This should so far musician, is written, "He gave much, but

as possible, be produced by each househe promised more"; and it is this imholder and preserved by him."measurable wealth of promise that

A part of these foodstuffs are canned makes the lives of boys so full of beaufoods. The question frequently arises ty, of interest, of wonder, and of power.

as to the length of time these foods can be safely stored in containers manufactured under wartime restrictions. Answering this question Dr. R. W. Pilcher, Handy Hints

of the Research Department of the

American Can Company, has said Payment for Handy Hints used will be dollar publication. one In the upon event introduction possible of so The many

that with the are submitted, idea two same it invariables the canning procedure makes the earlier will receive one postmarked thedifficult definite to issue the statement on a dollar. the of ideas returned, None can be lifeservice various of the products. canned

will receive but consideration. careful each is life shelf the quite of not cans Although

as long as prewar, yet with ordinary care in handling and processing, cans should give If you have trouble keeping double service almost equal to former years. At blankets from pulling up at the bottom, try

best, the shelf life of the highly pigmented running a cotton clothes line rope or heavy fruits, (black and red cherries, berries, string through the fold of the blanket at the prunes and plums), is limited and these foot of the bed and fasten securely at each for longerproducts should not be stored side.—Mrs. E. D. H., Grace, Idaho. Vegetables such as asparathan one year.

gus, beets, carrots, green beans, tomatoes, Substitute for sleeve board: Lay a magaspinach and greens have a shelf life of apzine on a turkish towel, and roll with towel

proximately two years. The shelf life of The Management of on outside. Insert the end of this roll inside

such vegetables as peas, corn and lima beans the sleeve and iron as if on sleeve board. It

is considerably longer. the Bad Boy works beautifully and is especially helpful

Cases or cans of milk should be turned for colored garments which should always over every thirty days to prevent the fats By Mary S. Kinney be ironed single thickness to minimize streakseparating, ing. the product should be andfrom Leavitt, Alberta, Canada. Q. M

is imperfect. Therefore, very A boy within a year.consumed *"* interesting. very he is One wonbaking potatoes in a bonfire; wash When

Reports indicate that it has been the ders whether he will become a savage potatoes well and wrap each in a piece of experience of some housewives that or a seer, a bandit or a knighterrant. brown paper sack that has been wrung out

in cold water. done can you remove properly processed andcanned goods When beone must go understand him To

the will clean, paper delicious have and you insealed under kept prewar cans, and is his life surface. hidden neath the His

potatoes. P., E. baked Shelley, Idaho. conditions, kept begood storage may consist life life. not real does His real

years. longer thanfor periods two Some in process of becoming. in the being, but celery curls stocks cut small make To

far as to that meats gone sohave say can be to be he is seen only in short pieces of celery What into lengthwise properly canned and stored have a shelf by the eye of faith. One must see into shreds, cutting to within a halfinch of thinthe

life of from three to five years. the future and find evidence of things leaves on end of piece. Place in ice water

Canned goods should be stored in a not seen in a mere word, a softened - to curl.—E. E., Salt Lake City, Utah.

all. at any exterior orcool, even without cooler dryer look, dry place. and The freezing stick in the won't Your ice trays and with him kept, the should arethe longer be chummy canned goods One if refrigerator compartment of your you slip

they will last. Place the oldest canned get close to his heart. Right contact a piece of wax paper cut to size under each

goods to the front of the shelves, and with joyous activities, good books, picone. The trays will slide out at your touch.use them first. Fruits and vegetables tures, company, pleasant surroundings,—E. H., Hinckley, Idaho.

and meats properly processed in glass love, and sympathy help make up the jars and stored in the home will keep in proper forces and facts in bending the After new shelf paper has been put in shelf of a paper, piece cover with wax the place, direction in which dark, fully to the right as long placea cool, as dry boy far shelf extending of only over edge enough fruits, grow. should goods,canned such as and some man it shelf that tacks the keep and thumb may force positive, for good powerful will highlythe longer. pigmented, keep A is in soiled, place. paper paper waxed When

is life in the acquaintance and the boy's In can, determining to careful what it disturbquickly without be removed may character of Jesus, perfect for theconsideration ing the should be given to stocks love paper underneath.—/. E. A, Para*

dise, is not so important California. a knows boyon hand. "What

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ra&gce sju/z. Durkee's Margarine is made by

an improved process which churns the pure vegetable oils right in with the fresh pasteurCook's Corner ized skim milk. IN foods and

ON them, you'll love the flavor

Josephine B. Nichols of Durkee's Troco Margarine!

"Pake your dinner outdoors, on the tcr-

A race, in the back yard or at a nearSPREAD.. COOK.. BAKE.. FRY

by park.

Things to take. Some hot, some cold: One of the Basic 7

Main Dishes edFoodsin therecommend-U. S. NuCasseroles, meat loaf, meatburgers, bartrition Food Rules.

becued meat, and kabobs.

Scalloped Chicken in Casserole 5-oz. package potato chips

2 cups cubed cooked chicken or tuna, or tuna and chicken may be used 4 hard cooked eggs, chopped 2 tablespoons chopped green pepper or M.%.

parsley mtwwc 2 cups thin mushroom sauce stAi*T>-m

Combine mushroom sauce, chicken, eggs and pepper; season with salt and celery salt.

Put a layer of the mixture into a greased casserole: next a layer of potato chips, then

a layer of mixture topping with potato chips.Bake at 350 F. 25 minutes. mo0\ OLEOMARGARINE

Kabobs are alternating Kabobs by made bacon nQUNTRYFRes,strips with 1-inch cut in cubes placed meaton skewers. Lamb, beef, veal, liver and ham so

used. In addition onions, be mushrooms,may;tl

inapples or tomato wedges combinaany so tion Broil used. turn, to a be may over a SO Mll-P

live coals, in the of oven. bed orgood mim tNFLAUiM

Bread Rolls, buns, and a variety of breads may be used.

Prune Bread 1 cup whole wheat flour \ x/2 cups white flour 1 cup sugar 3 teaspoon salt teaspoon soda 2 teaspoons baking powder 1 cup sour milk 2 tablespoons fat 1 cup cooked prunes 1 cup prune juice 1 egg 1 cup nuts Cook eightounce package of FRILLETS 6% minCream fat and sugar. Add beaten eggs utes. Drain and chill. Make cream sauce with flour,

and prune juice. Mix dry ingredients and butter and milk, cooked thoroughly. Mix in tuna fish

add alternately with the milk to mixture. or salmon, fine cut pimiento, salt, then chill again.

Add prunes and nuts cut fine. Pour into Shape into croquettes, roll in egg beaten with two

loaf pan and bake at 375 F. for 35 minutes. tablespoons of milk. Dip in bread crumbs, fry in deep fat. Watch them "come

again"for this treat! Several packages for quick, on hand of FRILLETS Salads will tasty dishes provide easyto-prepare meals that so many are wholesome

Garden Tossup with French Dressing and cost you less money.

Use fresh, crisp, vegetables. Lettuce,

radishes, spinach, celery, cucumbers, green peppers, endive, water cress, onions, cabbage, carrots, cauliflower, and tomatoes. Order a supply

limit to the combinations is noThere that GOLDEN in salad. tossedare possible Add the dressing and toss before serving. EGGNOODLE

Gelatin salads may be made and stored FRILLETS in the refrigerator until ready to serve. today

Cucumber Salad 2 cups grapefruit juice 1 package lime gelatin 1 onion teaspoon juice SEND THE "ERA"IIVUSEForOVERFlFFYYEARS 1 cup chopped cucumber Dissolve gelatin in hot grapefruit juice. Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

Add onion juice. Chill until syrupy. Add Your loved ones away from home sore throat, and other minor mouth

chopped cucumber. Pour into mold and chill. need its inspiration. and throat irritations.

Desserts desserts, Cake, cookies, frozen and fresh 12 issues $2.00 Hall's Canker Remedy fruits.

536 Lake City, Utah East 2nd So.—at Salt (Concluded on page 452)

JULY, 1944 451 ( Concluded from page 45 1 j Summer Coolers juice cups or cider apple Brownies 3 GOOD juice 3 cups orange IDEAS-- ATggjIIB 1 quart carbonated water Yi cup fat or fruit mixer 2 ounces chocolate Combine, pour over decorated ice cubes.

flour cake cup % Iceberg Cooler teaspoon baking powder Y2 sugar salt AND DEALERS teaspoon 1M cups Y2 cups water 2 eggs 1 cup sugar 1 package lemon or lime flavored summer 1 teaspoon vanilla drink powder 1 cup nuts, chopped 32 lemonsoranges

Melt fat and chocolate over hot water. grated peel of 1 orange

Cool. Sift flour with baking powder and cup mint leaves

II"1 '1''ill a*?*** salt.chocolateBeat mixture,eggs untilandlight,blend.add sugar,Add flour,then 4-5Boil cupssugarwaterand water 5 minutes. Add

vanilla and nuts, and mix well. Pour batter drink powder. Cool. Add fruit juices, peel.

into greased 8x8 inch pan. Bake at 350 F. Pour over mint leaves; let stand one hour.

for 35 minutes. Cut into squares. Add water and ice. Makes 2Yi quarts.

OUT OF THE JUNK HEAP

By Peter Hunt PAPERING? TRY THIS... "\17'hat can be done with a discarded was painted on each side as well. A

* radio cabinet? Lots of things. feather edge, also red, was brushed on

Have 3 walls patterned, the inside Here's the an example. of the top, and another heart

other plain. Among Fuller in the center. put set was removed and sent to The radio

Vogue Wallpapers you'll find

special "ensemble papers"made to go together!

Nobody Can

Stop LOSSEverybody Can

Avoid It Through FIRE INSURANCE thewoodsalvageput on.heapTheandlegsa backingwere sawedof plyoff posts,Bermudafor thebluemottos,was usedfor laceedgingfor the cornerthe

leaving the top knobs. The top was hearts, and for the teardrop scrolls

hinged. New wooden knobs were put which use the veneer applique as a beon the doors. Then I painted it all over ginning, repeating only the graceful eleWhen you come with white. Chinese red was used to ments of it. Mary Rose keeps her dolls

here for insurance paintheart inaroundeach doorthe penciledpanel, andoutlinea red heartof a inin thethe top.bottom, Mother stores blankets

you get it, coupled with attentive, experienced service. THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Junior Longenbohn, Arizona; Grace, Moccasin, LeRoy (Concluded 447) page from

Idaho; Victor Angeles. Steimle, Los Eugene West of This agency is an Franklin Turpin, Utah; Murray, Willard EdJames St. Utah; California; Sagers, Elmer Mark John, LaVar

Lindsay, Utah; Ballard, ward Ogden, Afton RockPocatello, Idaho. Lynn Judy, Fire ville, the Utah Call Bleazard, Utah; Utah; GlenJr., Joseph Ogden, Home Philip Sonntag, Salt Canadian: Tadje Western

City; Salt Lindsay, Henriod, Allen Leonard Lake Roy Klein, Angeles, Robert CaliforCity; Los Lake Donald

City, Utah; Andersen, Heber Wendell Mendon, Vance Insurance Co. nia; Alta., Barnwell, Johnson, Mills McClellan CanUtah; Gilbert Green, Utah; Robert Angus Sandy, ada; Pehrson, Provo, Utah; Garth Dale Edward

Lovell, Charles Hopkin, Calvin Glen Wyoming; Stephens, California; Richard Lynwood, Kenneth Ros

Palmer, Grantsville, Utah. Salt City, Utah. Lake Tucker,

States: Western Taylor, Utah; Orvin Mendon, Ray FIRE UTAH HOME

Salt Charles Duncan, John Lake James Edward Chest War New Zealand Hunter, Holden, Utah; Royal McGill, DowCity;Murphy, CO. INSURANCE Tregeagle, Clarence Salt Nevada; Lake Gordon Saints raised $110,000 City; "M"ew Zealand Verle Tremonton, Lorin Waldron, Utah; Thomas Heber J. Grant & Co. Fisher Widdison, Rexburg, Idaho; DeLeon Clayton, * for their nation's war fund at their

California; Diego, San Anton Joseph Wozab, Salt fourday annual hui tan (conference) City, Lake Heber H. Buell, City; Jay Utah; Dean General Agents

Wintsch Bartholomew, Fayette, Utah; Wallace Troy held at Hastings, New Zealand, last

Butler, Salt Lake City, Utah City; Lake Tetonia,Max Idaho;B. Crandall,Alma SaltHowardLakeCooper,City; DeanSalt Easter. Two thousand Maoris from all

William Criddle. Clearfield, Utah; LaMont Heaton, parts of New Zealand attended.

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

MOST important thing News From The Camps <<-c<<<e*<-4*< *<<** about Rancho Soup is

Somewhere in Italy spent in worship was to have a lasting effect, not only upon me, but upon all at fivethirty I arose and in comof those attendance.

for the preparations Easter*"*As menced dull gray clouds were still above "taste The

Sunrise Service, it seemed just like anus: the roar of the airplane engines still

other day in the army. But in a few audible: our daily routine still ahead.the LEAST important thing

taking theminutes camp commenced on of us: done. a job still to be However,

systhea little life. loud speaking Over vision about Rancho Soup is perspective our changed, our had

tem came a conglomeration of phrases, been enlarged. I was able to see beyond"Time to get up—French toast for my thoughts of a few minutes ago andbreakfast—Get out of those 'sacs'realize that death was not final. All

let's wheels on go."TheCome evicould seen us of the around in nature be price trucks could be heard bumpingheavy life faith, hope, dences of and a new

along the dirt road as they sped the the green grass, the budding trees, the mechanics down to the line. Soon I young colts grazing in a nearby field.

airplane enroar of the hear thecould miles of thousands from Thus less because our mm It you costs as throughoutgines resounded they ones, the without grandeur the loved and it less us to get costs early morning air, and I could almost splendor of our gothic temples, an EasRANCHO SOUP to your feel the vibration which was caused by ter service in far away Italy had engrocer from our farmsuch a tremendous concentration of tered into our thoughts and touched our kitchens here in the West!

lighted for the messhorsepower. Except felt lives the for as before, never we VARIETIES* 5 tentshalls, of enthe remained most real significance occurred had of what VEGETABLE. PEA TOMATO in as the occupants darknessveloped the said angel them, unto when "He ASPARAGUS CHICKENNOODLE Grocer's is At your last precious to thoseclung covetously risen.".. always

sleep. ofwinks I. Sgt. George Cannon

As I carried the songbooks to the sethelected meeting organ and spot, and REACH FOR their in properpulpit were arranged '"Phis was written one night while places I was conscious more than ever A Keith was on guard duty in the of this terrible conflict in which we were mountains of Washington. He is an

the of hate andengaged and aware of Compton Center Ward, suffering RANCHO the it expressedgreed and Stake. and MLongManBeach

death which it brought.

The meeting was being held in a field A SILHOUETTE AT NIGHT directly in front of the officer's mess, fresh spring grass being our carpet and By Keith Wardell the clouded sky our roof. The fellows A silhouette at night, when

thedrifted appointed towards bright. the stars spot, and All are twinkling A Mew

the I see minutes to sevenat three high towering mountains I commenced the prelude and the chaplain and the Like rugged sentinels against the sky."eightvoiced choir"took their places. They seem a constant vigil to keep, Discovery!

all in sleep. the is deep world While singing sincere inspired prayer andThe

I the see towering peaks above that sublime to build towardsseemed hotel discovery in love. of untarnished Like symbols ANEW scriptures the from when wasmoment comfort found can be forth looking hand every on So

read, "He is not here: for he is risen."I gaze upon this wonder land: at Salt Lake's newest

short, the service but wasThe or or when, how, wonder spirit And where hotel—the Temple Square! those from to minutes there."put ensued found time few themwhich "God

All west rooms are aircon- ditioned, as are the lobies and our popular 50,000 Cof- H feeof 200Shop.roomsTakewithyourbathchoiceand

radio. You'll enjoy the hospitality that awaits you at m

the

Hotel Temple Square

Salt Lake City!'',.

3-i GATES'SINGING LORD'S PRAYER""THE THE "EIGHT VOICED CHOIR"AT THE SUNRISE EASTER CLARENCE L WEST, 9, 1944, APRIL SERVICE, IN ITALY SOMEWHERE

Reading from left to right: Chaplain Frank Robinson, Jr., St. Petersburg, Fla.; Sgt. George I. Cannon, Manager

Salt Lake City, Utah (organist); Pvt. Wayne C. Christensen, Rapid City, So. Dak.; S/Sgt. Wm. H. Greer,

Muskogee, Oklahoma; S/Sgt. Richard L. Hunter, Farmersburg, Ind.; Capt. John D. Sandifer, Sequin, Texas;

Sgt. Gerald R. Hunter, Farmersburg, Ind.; S/Sgt. Verner L. Hunter, Farmersburg, Ind.; Corp. Stuart E.

Ballard, Detroit, Michigan.

JULY, 1944 453 1IS1C.B.a.T8a, ls.Vw Tl.1i. TK. Ifc - Tin, 'it, 3fcJhi3fc "S&-'SL-'8'<a, &, i./38k Tfe. T8H,. Ti "8& T&, Hi. 'Bk 1& ';&. 1&. =, B, rtrww.

Worship in Song "Greator "SweetGod,is Attendthe Work,WhileMyZionGod,Sings,"My thatAs adultsan example,will drawit wouldmoreseemspiritualclear

King,"will then the director well to strength do from Kind GraThou and "O Schteinev By A/ejcander his conduct modestly, actions cious so that Father,"the children's than from

Organist, Tabernacle and Member, will interrupt not the prayerful song, devoof SpringOpening "The Buds

Church Music Committee tions of the worshiping singers. The time."

best singing of congregational the leaders by Sometimes for songs choose is singing of a mode is righteous It prayer unto the a Lord. a rousing response, avoiding those of this of importance worship. The{"Congregational clear that recreational seems directing spiritual power. are peoThere many to large of worship very loomsmode is suitable in recreational only gatherwill ple that agree that which who thethe ordinary of congregamember ings, in that worshiping and a (Concluded assembly page on 457)

tion. visitors the strangers act and To singers allow must our to worship. we

faithful singingof together the with may us consider Let a second thought.

effective of theeasily the part be most like dictators, not Americans either do Tropic Choir Wardservice. are aroused, emotions The political musical. or chorister good A retouched, arehearts courage and "Dishop of the Christensen Orval J. will gently, like lead shepherd. a He singing the of hymns. Church bynewed Tropic sends the followus Ward, will never use of kind any compulsion

is congregation the Singing with an ing information his concerning ward's force, will or never that the ask and he is It worshiping. theimportant of way choir: faster. sing congregation is progressive This simply

opportunity congregathe allowedonly hearing After Bishop Richards LeGrand not the directors. best will done by He participating in actively thetion of in the in semiannual say conference Oclittle, his merely just to need keep beat a

service. Thereforeworshiping mutober that desired to we he every have ward little, a very singers, of the lest ahead

their all of or to to consicians sacramore can out ward must do make we 25% the too slow much. hymn down bishopric meeting, that our ment decided a inspiring, singinggregational devoan Dr. Hamilton C. of Macdougall wellorganized to choir with do would muchtional, of servthe part enjoyable and College, national Wellesley a authoriseveral of to be one might adopt ways we thisice. us done? Let can be How ty, writes: this thirty goal. reach Thus, ward memitems. threeconsider reader only The called bers the bishop, as a missionwere by It is for not organist an (or uncommon others. to able be addmay called, for ary of period be would a one chorister) to drive the nag and congregaclearly let differentiate First, beus year. this of Twentyfive over number, tion. Is that a not notion, most mischievous recreational song of leadtype in attween attendance choir a been have prac75%, destructive singing? of this good For hymn

tices, meetings, other sacrament planned anding, of devotional the song and way I find reason often myself unable to sing the rethe set as programs which minimum we is suitableleading. former a when The in church. hymntunes young, was When to quirements obtain the Service Choir for sings the amusement. Heregroup the singing that the idea I had a Ihymns was

for 1943. Award I musical performance. will will director sparkle, But bethe of heeyes when now

all for choir meetings, sang sacrament The I I lieve sense, of have more strongly am personality, attract his theexercise and with average over attendance. They 85% is the that singing opinion primarily hymn attention singers of to the himutmost all for all for funerals, faresang missionary of part a worship. and modeself. will director consome do parties, The wells also three and took and comsiderable talking to cajole and entertain Our best professional directors, when plete programs to neighboring wards. Four

his singers. But all of this technique is they lead a congregation in hymns, complete sacrament meetings in this ward

out of place when a group of people merely lead gently along, according to were under their direction: one being the

life in of one, music; song Smith Joseph and the to teachings the worship ofhave on mornmet Sunday Shepherd, Good

life the Christ in of one, music; song and evening. theing or all trying people are Here Sunday whose example we the the to folthe early of history westChurch and

their to deworship and low.have met pay into ern the journey one, Utah; music and

votions to the Most High. The best diThird, we still need to give some care of our early Church writers. At Christmas

rectors will say little or nothing. They to the selection of songs. Our Deseret time they presented a Christmas pageant.

will not ask for the attention of the singSunday School Songs contain many They also furnished all the music for one ers, because these singers will give their songs intended primarily for children. stake quarterly conference.

hearts and attention to the sense of the Such songs are less useful in adult SunOfficers of the choir are: Leslie Lehymn through which they are worshipday Schools and services. "When I was Fevre, manager; Malen Mecham, assisting. When the congregation addresses a child, I spake as a child, I understood ant; Mary Hall, secretary and treasurer;

itself to Deity by singing "O My Faas a child, I thought as a child: but Annie Colvin and Virginia Ott, codi-

ther, Thou that Dwellest,"or "Redeemwhen I became a man, I put away rectors; Flora LeFevre, organist; Luer of Israel, Our Only Delight,"or childish things."(I Cor. 13:11.) Zene McAllister, pianist.

ags

TROPIC

WARD CHOIR

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Genealogy "fc- -""frh Tfh "Tun gfrni 'i(failhi '*llh i *lffiiifc"Tth "',B>fr. *lfiti lK 3fc j, jryyrsrWWV"sik ]fc Jh Tfo Ifc. wh i Mfc Tfliir*i Th "TBUir IBhV TV> "fc i 3fc3fcWWWWTfr TT "**!TJT**J*m f>ii "iftr Tr*- **"<<<<*- <A<

roughly, out of every three names II. Avoid lines of the higher nobility,Eight Ways to Avoid checked one had been previously ofsuch as families of dukes, earls, lords, counts,

ficiated for. Out of over 60,000 names, marquises, etc.

Duplications scarcely 40,000 would actually reach Almost any family which can get a good its will start in pedigree tracing conback temples.

families. of nect these with one a When By Archibald F. Bennett the fairly ratio of duplications was This

is titled single connection famiwith a made total the year. throughout constant A usually connections can be ly numerous

of 310,436 names were checked at the made with other families of the nobility.

June 8, 1944 temple index bureau; 104,176 duplicaThe further back in point of time the greater

Dear Stake Chairman: tions were prevented by this checking. the number of us who establish lineal relaTouring the year 1943 we namesHad allnevernamesbeforesubmittedsent to beena temple,new Thustionshipoverwithandtheoversameagainprominentduring ancestors.the year Index at the different the checked Temple patrons presented selfsame r-f there been 104,176 have more would

office. families to this the index noble Could names. 781,496 Bureau Of at during the the temples on hand names this effort rethey see as at constant see we failed to names 320,075 number year; the used temples have could and I petition sure, patrons, our not would am for temple approval receive work additional very to these names good less to their urged need to be time to devote previously been they because had 2, lines. 1943, advantage. February popular we On alone In month one endowed. lines are with such "dabble"Few who 1210 found checked 2830 names and

of out 57,102 1944) (March to qualified for identification provide proper duplications.

elimi22,354 checked, were all names frequently the too them; use they and is little reality In there atvery work

all the of duplications of available, poorest as sources nated work many persons not to of checking altached names excellent could records when been have done. ready cleared previously are endowed. They all facts used giving the known. duplicathese attempted Had the at can index imbureau and go

tions not been prevented there mediately to the typists and will soon be III. Be aware of the fact that names from

of ap- a waste have been would easily accessible most printed records have to a temple. on their There is much way than 1,200,000 proximately more already taken. been in correcting of conand adjusting work

in the of performance hours this for reason out yourself. may You unnection of those with names whose work

for the ordinances dead. necessary thousands upon Thousands of Church memis least; the to done, already say from

trace bers to in ancestors England the duplications though New Even is three times to as long required to two the states of Massachusetts, Connecticut, there forestalled already had were as handle equal with them an compared Island, Hampshire, Rhode and VerNew a occurred expenditremendous is of those number whose not work mont. are published There family many in ture of searching these time out

it all in done. August, this genealogies section; been Thus from had printed and preparing the family and names vital of records various are quite towns easily work, could sent new have we

records which were sent to the 80,000 names to the temples instead of plentiful. These will probably be found in index bureau—all to no useful 40,000. every genealogical library in the land of

purpose. in importance. searcher any York, New A years the preFor under old plan of

in another in another Angeles, Los call Denver all genealogical upon We senting for temple names upon work or or Chicago, D.C., Washington, each may effort exert committees to every sheets ratio the temple duplications of vital extract the data from records or same in sending to the avoid of such prevented in about ten< was one now, history, family in the send selfsame and quantities of enalready names is it indicated as in three. record. above, accepted. one one be time Only can The

instruct Please the dowed. people is the useless spent others in duplication on this has incaused tremendous What

jurisdiction under this your how far is research, as as temple conwork crease? that great the Simply majority

done. be the following all Read may cerned. probability, In the however, in of those are handing doing names

for article the containing family in question useful so work was done trying earnestly to suggeswithout present only in, say,... the back 1905, volume when tions. was

eligible. of are names those who first printed, relative an older Utah by Sincerely your brethren, We watched carefully during the these other searchers. of

Genealogical Society of inyearresearchto detectthatthehadtypesalreadyof duplicationstaken place IV. Use caution against repeating ordiUtah, the nances converts first for your family of the in of types duplications and temple Fielding to join their the Joseph Church, for immediate and preventing. result a were Smith, work we As ancestors. President

that of the study following suggestions

It surprise to learn large that Archibald F. Bennett, a you may are offered patrons to enable them present of to number Church members Secretary avoid such a waste of time and effort, lost all knowledge of their forefathers havewho

expensive alike to them and to the first brought the family into the Church. AlChurch. most every day at the library or archives

assist to or find persons one records more we I. the 1942, submitting of August the month Avoid names of all mem'Pouring

of greatgrandfathers greatgrand- second or*-* bers royal families, of those and nearly of library the genealogical closed we sacrificed fathers the for everything who allied to them. efconcentrated public the theto and gospel, they but never whose names have a recent ruling Under of more no such all available force theforts of our on early heard. these Perhaps were members received names for can be for checking, the

of subfamily records groupchecking at their received endowments Nauvoo; own that reason practically of work every memmitted for temple work. Additional ber of royal families has already been done, and patriarchal blessing; and then died on

workers joined us from the St. George, possibly several times. Better spend your the weary way to Utah. Years ago I dupliManti, Logan, and Arizona temples. As time where it will do most good. Morecated the work for my greatgrandmother.

a result of this united effort 14,260 famiover, there are so many different ways in Her maiden name was Mary Bell. I could

find grandfather's in mention temple no my ruler or a which prince be described mayly sheets through checked group were that record been she ever endowed. had No as such "William, of Duke Normandy,"total containing bureau, ofthe index a to her. anything one seemed about know I of "William England,"or the "William this of names. 62,397 number Out I full identification Finally secured her and etc., it that is Conqueror,"comparatively

to al21,846 proved have been were for baptized her Later endowed. had and to the get easy through even name once

ready endowed. Others of necessity again, unless the greatest vigilance is exlearned that she was the one who, as aI

would be the names of children inercised by every person having to do with widow, brought her family into the Church.

eligible for that ordinance. Hence, the record and the checking. (Concluded on page 456)

JULY, 1944 455 Genealogy tersaveragesearchedcost perin anameEuropeanmay becountry.higher; Thebut

so will the yield for temple work. Or you

(Concluded 455) page from wills, in old deeds, connections may find \Jur jrta9 the the Nauvoo endowed in sense all Temple court recordsShe was and the like, and under the name of Mary Bennett, with only joy of being the original discoverer.

given. birth being ofher date When nearly Names are urgently needed at all the By CHRISTINE DRYBURGH burying the plains to Utah, crossed shesixty

two daughters and some grandchildren in temples. You can do your share to

Winter Quarters and Council Bluffs. I canmake more available by using wisdom see our flag every day somenot feel that it was any great compliment and good judgment in the names you where, although we give it slight WE repeated to have devotionto her and memory office. to the it submit index and copy great is the notice. know We herself to durattendedordinances she had a high value Place time your on all and stand country of and our we emblem suggested If only someone hading Me. to ours. to be nation; but have for as a we enthat were at then Nauvoo womenme

feel to complacence our from aroused sealed their but married name, underdowed to husbands under their maiden name, I the real grand thrill of a great possescould have avoided that duplication. Book: sion, a living, vital possession which betherefore, use cauthat in suggest, thing you individual our at once an comes We (Concluded 422) from page early for these in attemptingtion memwork stripes stars in hearts. the see and sitting the of Mr. emphasizes value Babson We

acof descriptionbers. be them Your may of to one belongs each that self a quiet in one's prayer "by meditaand

reidentification the complete; andcurate tion in edifice,"a before church deStates. making United own us—oursomething not. living of persons at thatquired was day cisions of nature. In the developing any bring far a from be home may these early were To of membersAgain, many theme of becoming with acquainted one's

full their the of near for those better and understanding meaninbaptized Nauvoo self hurried in age, our sugnumerous wise if in arrived theyrelatives dead; were flag ing country who of mean and our what for gestions are in application every made

for the frequently baptized they wereUtah if It enthuus. are to not matters life. we daily man's A. J. W. for sealings deperformeddead, had and see, cast siastic or down over what we

for the couples. deadceased Endowments LETTER GUINEA FROM NEW flag loneliness, glimpse of our a from

until of a dedication the not becould done (Vern Farrar Haugland. Rinehart, and

it all for of think will us which make 1877. before in ietemple Utah, 1943. pages. York. 148 $1.50.) New

stands. adventure, genuine spiritual with a "pOR or carefully old family over Check V. Hill in the Colton "old stood I once this significance, * will high rank book been ascertain has records and whattemple beScotland, in Edinburgh, cemetery"this stories the of war. among and Young earlier already the fammembers by ofdone

writer. it, of old will a famous side it finding the mausoleum reading in enjoy a relatives.ily, living older with consult and

will that genuineness the of convince this, other them along to with glad see I was reare dates ordinance no when Even faith author's abiding in a Being Supreme I could to see; only things I had come

in records, the have thesecorded work may does indeed guide inthe and guard who strange feeling in the lonely help not neglected. the recording done andbeen dividual man.

I leave to turning just city. as was And ordito similar neglect record aThrough Press Associated an correspondent, As

I the of glimpse the caught cemetery, a detect subpatrons today,nances some we flew to Mr. Haugland Guinea from New

it I flag. and to in hurried over times several themitting one group American same in his Australia, arrival but Guinea New

year. was entirely different from that which he found it bright and beautiful above a

VI. Examine Records on pie in the Church had expected to make. He had to bale out statue of Abraham Lincoln, taking the

Record Archives. over the jungle, and his experiences in getchains from a Negro slave.

ting to the lines Allied back are what make all beside find already has loneliness gone There a relative you was may My story in proportions assume such all dates record giving completeplaced a all that I It flag. of to spoke me the my of those read of hisminds it.—M. who C. J. of his ancestory. familyordinances each on I to cherished which and loved and

will in time research save your andThis IN MEN'S BOYS return. SHOES soon would

of submitting therender your unnecessary Burroughs. E. Co., (Harry Macmillan The

first visit Frederick, to Maryland, in to these get My for order checkingrecords 1944. pages. York. 370 $3.50.) New

I forever. to something remember If dates. to was are unabledesired you make talk delinso about when much this TOD/fY invite relative Francis flagpersonal of the examination, a the who and name saw

is in, this indulged being quency book to for the archives to so access you.has do I imof thought our Scott Key, and to legitimate of give a done boys was what research In a VII. undertaking on new its inspiranational with anthem mortal for their outlet energies to deserves be widein test sheets ancestry,line send a few of still author's tion mantle the power, and ly followed. wisely BurMr. read—and entire the transcribing checking, beforefor loyal roughs, falling the American. himself experienced every had upon wholine sheets. upon group

the of underprivileged, exhardships knew it I flag again; little the later saw A fortune the us Let have suppose good you the of actly to with problems cope how attic flying oldfashioned from an was establish connection with genealogyto a in these turn as to a such newsboys way of the will, been which had home in course,printed of 1935. window copy You find their to to energies help good, and them

names of the new ancestors upon your pedithe things they needed in order to avoid Barbara Frietchie. I wanted to linger

gree chart. Since all in the record are debecoming delinquent, and thus harmful to here; it was holy ground. It told of the

of are yours, ancestor ofscendants an you of society. change the of greatness and a woman

forentitled are to temple those work do who the the of Burroughs analyzes needs Mr. the recognized in he heart a when man

if their been already not hasdead, work his the in and newsboys'boys which ways his country.

this, relatives. ascertain otherdone by To also needs. for cared these foundation He

love, without are surely withoutselect, the the first family of perhaps, anflagWeof tells the confronted problems about which cestor; then a family of about a century him in trying to establish the foundation. sentiment, without appreciation of the

later; then another where the deaths of But the most important part of the book most wonderful country in the world,

recently occurred. Send only havemembers thrill activities felt for stirred to the if deals the with or boys and a never have we

office, tf this for tothese the index checking directors the part the the the of of plans on the see patriotism the highest when we all for that three hasreveals groups work attitudes correct the to the of foundation seen stripes. stars have and same We administered, previouslybeen you may the themselves. of foundamotto be boys The it vicin in the of the of war, cry gloom that has already surereasonably someone tion the the desire indicates the part of on the in in tory, the of glory and peace is line. If this for familycared done work these to recognize directors young men make

flag, worship. church only, where earliest then Ourfor the group we you may their in society: StriveServe-Saveplace

send in groups from the later period. Study. our country, a part of ourselves!

the to foundation, BurMr. addition In

all), Finally best of VIII. (and probably in established the Agassiz Village roughs

tostrive original research, discovering do instrucreceive boys and where go Maine ancestral connections by any not madenew arts farming, in tion well various as in as before.researcher

table. cooking, and waiting

This will often bring to light records not Replete with specific instances, the book included in any printed volume, and will should be a welcome guide not only to those most certainly enable you to strike an anwho would help groups of children, but also cestral vein not worked out. This may reto parents who must meet similar probsult from haying unpublished parish regislems.—M. C. /.

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Resume of Laws (Concluded from page 430) In the event of the death or removal from office of the corporate authorities or the probate judge, any lands entered in trust to such officers were to be vested in their successors to office. Any

lands unclaimed six months after notice were to be surveyed and the land divided into suitable blocks for public squares or buildings or farming lots and recorded in the recorder's office. All

land not used by the county, city, or town government was to be sold at public auction at not less than $5.00 per

acre or fraction thereof, and any land left unpurchased was to be sold at pubBOISE STAKE ELDERS'BANQUET lic or private sale at a price most beneFebruary the elders four 1944, 4, On quorums of the Boise Stake hosts were at their annual to banquet ficial. persons, including some the 245 Boise Stake presidency, Melchizedek Priesthood advisers quorum ward

bishoprics, elders the their and and partners. of number adult A of the members Aaronic Priesthood were

also present It invitation. by special was prepared the First Boise by Relief Society served Ward and the bv

First Gleaners. Ward

of the food at this served banquet was produced by the local elders'quorums in their welfare by Chairman W. Ralph Marsh. Music projects.—ReportedMuch

[Concluded /rom page 454) touches the heart is of more influence than that which produces a loud sound.

Let us not neglect hymns of spiritual significance, such as "Lord, Accept Our

Devotion,"True "Praise from God

All Blessings Flow,""Let Whom the IDAHOGOLDENFALLSGLEANERSSTAKE

Spirit's Holy Promptings be Your

Guide,""Prayer is the Soul's Sincere

Desire."On the contrary, let us sing

them often.

We hope that the application of the three principles here outlined will inhonored guests beautiful at a "rainbow review"reception held recently in 1 c?f /Iwn left crease the to right, Phtraph Nellie enjoyment Ingram, and spiritual Lewis, Norma Betty c *, the R ThmJI eth and Lucilc Slater - Thse ', Present ore: Jo Picketf Betty Ann * -L\ quality Jir"rJ''- r?"'MarJl OS?LeS were{gZert u 'strength and i of congregational B.Y.U., at in Provo, Utah; Gladys Williaml Falls, Twin Rayold Lundblade, Idaho Falls, singing. and BettyMHunter Millespaw, hZtn/WIPM**!1 Washington.

Song of the Month The songs recommended for especial attention during the coming months are the following July: "O Say, What is Truth,"number

76 in Sunday School Song Book August: "God of Our Fathers,"number

147 in the same book September: "Lord, We Come Before

Thee Now,"number 155, same book

In the first of these songs we shall be singing largely to ourselves concerning the wonderful and priceless value of truth. The second and third of these

songs are to addressed our Heavenly LATTERDAY SAINT SUNDAY SCHOOL. WELLS, MINERAL TEXASFather. Let interno director rudely Front left row, right: to R. Don McPhie, Bodily, Ruel Wayne Nelson W. Calvin SandburaSandburg, RichardBirharHrupt these Norton, either prayers, Arthur Anderson, the force by Raymond Steve Glen Larsen

Ce ** rs - Garfield, MaYard Mr. his Mrs. andof Morris, LaMel personality,:, i Mr;,?"d or Mr. single a r Pell Mrs by Rov spoken t% r/0W E'ma Ra"Ce Pyt CPe'Ellen Mrs ElderMword. is congregation Wright The praying and CSeand Dewell.'Poulos,M"an'k Calvin Craig, Selin, Merle it Shippley, Robertworshiping sings.,L?r>d[trom, Glen Colder when E Glen Larsen?u,r0W:PLck a

LONG BEACH STAKE MISSIONARIES

city Long Beach were missionaries, Stake who at wartime were report meeting November totaled 14. They 84 exhausted, facilities mnagerof one of hadthe withlargethehotelsiormerin Mineralsenator Wellsfrom Utah<were offeredW'"'.the arouoKing. then, 91. by and -Reported now have JohnT'welni

JULY, 1944 457 Home -Grown / few 4cvnzond By LT. NOMA ROBERTS

Vegetables, Women's Army Corps the few weeks I have been on duty in as a in the majority of cases. home state of Utah was true memwhich my Utah's In ber of responsibility the to of Corps, This brought us the Women's Army

many friends and fellow members of the living our religion and proving by exHome -Owned Church have asked me, "Has your servample what we believed—the Word of ice in the WAC changed your attitude Wisdom, faith, love, tolerance, and

Evaporated Milk towardsAnother thequestionChurch I andamitsoccasionallyteachings?"otherThus, insteadbasic teachingsof being influencedof the Church.by the

asked is, "Has the WAC changed attitude of others, our actions influenced

Tastes Better! you?"My answer to both of these them. In this way, many of the L.D.S.

questions is an emphatic "Yes."women virtually became missionaries.

Since I enlisted in the Women's To do this and to answer the myriad

Army Corps more than a year ago, my questions asked about Joseph Smith, attitude towards a great many things has eternal marriage, the Word of Wisdom, altered, and I know that I, too, have and other phases of the church, it bechanged. But the change, I hope, has came necessary for us to study more

been one for the better. I know it has than ever before. We read more dilibeen in many ways. gently the Book of Mormon, the Pearl

ft A Since my service, I have turned to the of Great Price, Doctrine and Cove- >H Church more than ever before in my life, nants, and other Church books. We

and I have benefited greatly by this wrote home for instructions and intergreater dependence upon religious pretations of what we had read. In this

>r* guidance. In addition, I have had to manner, we learned more about the

\> delve deeper into the teachings of the Church, we were able to answer quesChurch to answer questions otner memtions accurately, and we gained much bers of the WAC frequently ask. Thus, because we understood many things

I before for granted. took spiritual a greater underwhich have gained wel#?w7; standing specific gained and more I have knowledge from much the WAC.

about the Church. I have had the opportunity to serve, to

To a few, this seems strange. They meet new people, to see new places. I

that to feel seem mingling because I am

It's mighty satisfying to eat all constantly parts with from women havelife—anddevelopedI am thankfula broaderthat Ioutlookhave beenon

vegetables from your own of the country, from all walks of life, able to do my part. Being a member

Victory garden, and to use and from all religions, that my standards of the WAC has increased my powers would change. of understanding, my patience and tolMorning Milk—both homeAdmittedly, this association has been erance. I have gained a greater appreowned products, born and and still is a challenge. As other memciation of my Church and its teachings.

I am grateful raised in Utah! bers of the WAC discovered that some Because of these things,

of us were from Utah, they immediately for the opportunity I have had of being concluded that we were Mormons a member of the Women's Army Corps.

You CanTaste CONFIDENCE Its Finer Flavor!

jji*o jt young (Continuedman who fromwas. pagenot 431)much of a sonews.in a HefewstoodwordsthereI toldin himsilencethe andsad

WSk Mormon say, "Looks like someone put then asked me to get off, tie my horse sort of a hokuspokus on the old boy up, and get in his bed while he went and for tonight."notified the others. I explained that the MORNING MILK "I'm afraid it won't last,"replied horse I was riding was an outlaw and

Adam. could not be tied up. I asked him to

Mile after mile we went, with me hold the horse while I, got off and moved thinking about the sad ending of a short, my saddle front a few inches.

happy married life and wondering what He took the hackamore rope and I minute the horse would decide to make got off. He was a good hand with FDRCHURCHES me ride as I had never ridden before. horses so volunteered to move the sad-M and SCHOOLS are carried for vocal MayI enjoyedand justthetheride,kindfor ofit wasnightearlyone dle.appearingThe firstin graythe eaststreakswhenof dawnI preparedwere Large stocks

choirs, solos, I let instrumental after and for longs cold winter. horse's the to the mount. held a The man

orchestras. is but There bands and into saddle. the about he wished horse head and I slipped and where go limited curtailment the governby

of in the publishing ment music the across only,"surprised he he cut when and wasU name "Some outlaw—in reasonrequirements your can be started a small up main canyon and commented handed when he me the filled supplied. ably Mail orders

or promptly finally that write for catalogues ravine rope. onto a short ridge and hackamore

lists. and special up. long led to the one I wanted to go The horse took a few steps up the

VICTOR, COLUMBIA I had never known of that trail. ridge and when I tried to make him go RECORDS.s WE CARRYAND OTHER

While the manufacture of pianos A coyote howled up the ridge and a down it he stood still. I touched him

instruments disconband was I I that spurs barked with immediately answer. an dog and knew was my

18 tinued months ago the by first also of there tornado. a a a top on be jump where dog would was The ernment, conditions, due to war govwe I and still limited class stocks of this have on. off so nearly I rode dogs man, began head and popped when More my of invite to merchandise and you

I fallit like bricks presently barking the he lit sheep and a thousand saw was write for further information.

wagon on top of a hill. When I got to ing that jarred every bone in my body.

DAYNES MUSIC CO. it the herder was standing in the doorMy ears were ringing and my head felt

47 S. Main t. Salt Lake City way. It was one of the men I wanted, as if it would burst. I had never been 458c THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Confidence much of a broncho buster. I usually rode

free for a couple of jumps, pulled leather for a few more, and then proceeded to plow up half an acre of sagebrush when I lit.

I was pulling leather and felt that I was losing my balance. Then quick as a

flashop—"Icamehaveto confidenceme the wordsin yourof theabilitybishto bring him back and I don't want tosee you come limping down the road—

A strange something came over me. I

knew I could ride that horse, so I got a good cinch hold with my spurs and began riding. My hat went off. I was

getting a bit tired of that continual bucking and remembered that Lige Perkins who was an old time broncho buster had once said, "If a horse wants to buck, let him buck, but give him something to buck for."

Immediately I got my spurs free and began to rake the animal from shoulders SERVICE MEN IN BRAZIL to flanks and every time he went up I Standing, left to right: Sgt. Clyde Graehl, Sgt. Lewis Smith, Cpl. George Doyle, Sgt. Weeks, Sgt. Daren

would swing the end of my hackamore Youngno.

rope around and catch him under the LewdlySeated,n Kuester,left toandright;Cpl. Pfc.Bouch.Leslie Morrell, Sgt. Ralph Simmons, Lt. Franklin Shafer, Chief Petty Officer

belly, lifting him a few feet higher than he had intended going. Soon he began

to squeal, and his bucking became mere cat hops. THE UNITED ORDER

When he gave up, the sheepherder (Continued from page 432) authorized representative, and subseoff said, with andcame hat and my the apply Prophet does Nowhere of a quently regular surrender by the

I'll get ride another to horse back you despecific the system to designation officer. surplus the to Exincome same

I'll get shoot aand gun and of "the law rived compliance with from "Getthe—cept of compliance, as evidence it was

6 stands."where he of principle the conthe but title Church"the that to all not necessary

I got off, sick as could be. My nose secration of property and acceptance member's property be actually transwas bleeding and the front and sleeves, of the status of stewardship, often referred, for that part of it to be retained

of my lightcolored shirt were saturated ferred to, suggest the appropriateness as a stewardship could more simply be with blood. I began to vomit great clots of the title, order of stewardships, an left in his hands; but it was essential

that reminded me of liver. The herder appellation used by Orson Pratt in that the position of trusteeship be acbrought me a cup of water to drink and 1 854/ knowledged and that it govern subse-

a wash basin full with which to wash my The stewardship system was not the quent use of the property and its inface. After this I felt better. I now had plan urged by President Young in 1 872crease.

all the confidence in the world in my 74, and hence it was desirable to find a In Joseph Smith's program, every ability to ride that animal until he term that would more appropriately head of family was to hold legal title dropped, so I mounted and rode down suggest the essential characteristics of to a parcel of land. Bishop Partridge

the ridge. the new association. United order was and the Prophet disagreed on this point,

The sun was possibly an hour high most apt, suggesting economic as well the former believing that only right of when I rode up to the cemetery gate. I as spiritual unity and connoting close use through a revocable lease should be

saw six or eight men digging the grave. relationship to the plans laid down in granted. Under the lease system transMy cousin saw me and walked over to modern revelation. gressors could be practically excluded

where I was. The bishop climbed out of In view of the considerations stated, from the community by the voiding of

the grave and started over to where we it is suggested, first, that Joseph Smith's the lease. Under the Prophet's plan, an

were. His face was white with dust plan for social welfare be referred to apostate could not reclaim that which he

and long streaks of sweat were running as the System or Order of Consecrahad given to the Church by consecradown from his brow. He took a handtions and Stewardships, or briefly as the tion, but his title to the portion of land

kerchief from his pocket and wiped his Order of Stewardships; second, that held by deed was not to be disputed.

face as he came on. Without looking Brigham Young's plan for social welUnder the Prophet's scheme the stewat me he asked if I had found the boys. fare be referred to as the United Order; ard retained his free agency.

I told him I had found Paul, and he was third, that the restricted copartnership In setting up the United Order, Briggoing to notify the others and they called without discrimination by the ham Young accepted as basic the idea would be down for the services. Then Prophet the united order, united firm, that the possessor of wealth was trustee

he looked up and saw my shirt. He and order of Enoch, be carefully disfor the Lord. He had at an earlier

also saw the long spur scratches on the tinguished from the ancient order of period called upon all the members of horse and asked, "You and Blue Steel Enoch and the united order as planned the Church to recognize this relationship sort have some the individual of a disagreement?"by Brigham Young. of and

of."sort "Yes, transferring all possessions. the Church8 Butby title to

Then he walked over and placed his '"Phe essence of Joseph Smith's plan by 1874, he had developed a conviction arm partly around me and said, * was that the holder of property was in the usefulness of the corporate form "Thanks a lot for going after the boys. a trustee for the Lord. The acceptance of organization for the management of

I'm glad this happened. Trouble with by a member of the concept of trusteeproperty and provided articles of asyou youngsters is you have the courage ship was evidenced in the first instance sociation for the United Order that

of a tiger and the ability to accomplish by the transfer by deed of gift of his permitted share ownership proportionalmost anything. Only thing you lack possessions to the bishop as the Lord's ate to invested property. Withdrawal

is confidence and that comes by doing History o[ the Church 1:148 was discouraged in the nonlegal assowhat you think is impossible."7Journal 0} Discourses 11:100 ( Continued on page 46 1

JULY, 1944 459 V.VJAfAVCWC<MftV4

>>NXXfrXy.t.A:i li,;v *x

xcoc<*>?wxc %z>*

Z

I'll predict no -milesan-hour.

I'll hand it to folks. They've had the the whole label. You'll see where

patriotism to hold down their speed. Conoco Ni oil's special synthetic

But imagine war restrictions ended. fastens oilplating to your engine's

Man, you'll see old cars overdoing fine inside finish. Then OILPLATING

till they can't chug another mile. is really sort of a special surface to

You'll see every repair shop crowded block steady acid corrosion. When

for months, but I'm figuring to duck repairs might be just a promise, and that! Of course, I couldn't see everyyou can only pray for a new car,

thing corning when I originally had you're way ahead with your engine this engine oilplated. I'd simply safely oilplated by Conoco N*A.

overheard that any engine forms dangerous corrosive acids. It made

sense to try protecting the engine by CONOCO oilplating it with Conoco N*A motor oil. I switched to N. You

can suit yourself about thinking it's the only oil or not, but first read MOTOR OIL

Am THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, The United Order {Continued from page 459) ciations by forfeiture of half the bookvalue of the withdrawing member unWeeds! Weeds! Weeds!

less he had remained in the association five years.

In Joseph Smith's Order of StewardNO WE'RE NOT SELLING THEM—

ships each member managed his affairs as best he could. True, he might be WE'RE KILLING THEM WITH called to new responsibilities by the au- W

thority of the priesthood, as Edward

Partridge had been called to abandon merchandizing for the ministry; but if a farmer or a mechanic, he was free to hm CARBON

plan his own employment, withdrawing from the avails of his labor what he deemed essential for the support and BISULPHIDE family. comfort of his His surplus was

consecrated, that the and a is, passed on to bishop for the use of the Church. It will

be observed that the system differs in many ways from communistic forms of Mack Anti Weed Gun social organization, among which differences is the wide latitude afforded The most powerful herbicide and a perfor the initiative exercise of individual in the of property management and in fect tool will do wonders at cleaning up the satisfaction of personal wants. valuable acreages now infested with

Members could freely buy, sell, exWild Morning Glory, Knapweed, Hoary change, consume, but could and they Cress, Canada Thistle, Johnson Grass, etc. retain not either in permanently, kind

conversion, or the surplus by product of Send for our free illustrated Booklet No.

their efforts. other hand, should On the

the returns from their labors be insuffi212P and leam how.

cient to supply their own needs, they the storehouses from could draw of the WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFRRv 636 California St; San Franciscobishop things such as they required.

Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

"Drigham dous urgeYoung,to realizedrivena byselfsufficinga tremencommonwealth, and impatient at the incompetency of the rank and file attempted to make his people wealthy Stent t&e T><uf through cooperation directed by intelligent leadership. Under this system ttit& * Smile and

a man was assigned by the board of directors under the immediate supervision of a foreman or superintendent.

for Making due allowance changes in SHEW circumstances, asserted that it might be

President Young merely modified, rather than abandoned, the stewardship pnt4A Stent (Zeneeit system. Naturally, with land so easily

possessed, almost everyone wanted a A*.***FS #*?A

farm, and having one, wanted to farm it to the exclusion of labors he was more competent to perform. Under the M ake every morning your good morning with

Prophet's system a man's work was his RUSKETS... America's flakedwheat biscuit! Slostewardship, likewise and it could be baked 2 hours for quick digestion. Four energy—easyargued that in the United Order, though inner sealpacks keep crispy fresh them... a realty

everyone basis, was on a wage the asGOOD way to start your day.signed task the stewardship, was

though it was not generally so regarded.

The measure of success in both plans is the emergence of a surplus, something in excess of current family needs that ARLINGTON XofTtaJUndaFOOOl -4 CALIFORNIA might accumulate in the hands of the bishop or his agent for common purposes. In the Order of Stewardships

family surpluses were surrendered voluntarily at periodic intervals and there Read was considerable latitude for individual determination of current needs. In

United Order current consumption the 9n. ifoi. $DApL 7bL was

controlled by a system of wage debits By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

(Concluded on page 462)

Consecration 8See "The of Movement the Middle On sale at bookdealers everywhere 'Fifties,"Era., by the author. The Improvement F?bru

ary 1944. p. 80, March 1944, p, 14.6,

JULY, 1944 461,. )

The United Order (Concluded from page 461 FARSIGHTEDNESS and credits. The gross product of com-

i&itt cdwcujA. cl handicap. munitylonged inandthe individualfirst instanceenterpriseto the Orderbeand was distributed to consumers on

For example, the ability to look into the future carefully controlled requisitions. The

and plan accordingly is a rare quality. portion remaining could be used for

building chapels and temples, supportPlace—or foryourselfpostwarin linebusinessfor importantopportunities—bywar work ingInmissions,practice andthe tosurplusaugmentwascapital.not often

enrolling for day or evening classes at the realized. Most of the experiments were

short to admit of short L. of the finest D. S. Business duration—too College—one

"Sffiaen! School test of their adequacy when proper of a of the West. its kind in schools

measured by relative productivity. Some

under yields than greater reported farm L D. S. BUSINESS of the branches of the United Order econthe OLLEGE individualistic methods and SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH unherding cooperative were omies of

FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON FOR INFORMATION: doubtedly great. On the other hand, it

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE is evident from the records that the

70 North Main Street orders that continued for three or four

Salt Lake City send1, informationUtah about your courses of study, methods of instruction, free years fell far short of the anticipated Please employment service, rates of tuition, etc. results.

Name Address Success House (Continued from page 435)

JL he following day was fine, rarely warm. A thin coating of snow

upon the fields glistened in the sun, where purple to blue and darkened Gets PRIORITY the that pierced Stubble shadows lay.

snow and thawing lanes said, "Spring soon!"It was the sort of day that canat any meal not be found in a city.

Amy was arraying herself in her best,

You're almost certain to find bread on when Cecile tapped on her door.

"I've again. crying Cecile been had

I I that just telephoned the table at every meal—breakfast, lunch told him;

or dinner. And when it's Royal Bread wouldn't see him—for a week!"

you know it's good bread, encool,"I'mtheglad,child'sCecile."agonies(Steady,were soa littletryriched with extra vitamins and ing] )

"I know, but"(a gasp), "Amy, he iron. he didn't understand, and he was soListen to "Sam Adams, Your Home so hurt!"

Front Quartermaster"Every MonAmy's mother called up the front s waitday, Wednesday and Friday, ing."stairs. "Dear,"she said, *J*m

9:30 A.M.—KSL Jim turned in a direction she didn't

know. Ten years before, when she'd

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY, Salt Lake and Ogden lived at home, motoring had not been so

More Than Fifty Years oi Service and Progress general as it was now. It was a lovely

country of smooth, rolling hills, gentle valleys, and placid farms.

in car. the quiet had She was There 333 talk silent to to let him and keep vowed

it. it if that seemed he But he wished you want the BEST COSTUMES.. If too. at the drove could keep silent, Jim WE for or your PLAY, PAGEANT that physically conservative pace A COMPLETEOfHR was

ENGRAVING SERVICE PATRIOTIC CELEBRATION and mentally his, and that, if held to,

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest takes one far. At the top of a long, Catalogues

hill his car to a standhe brought to her. turned Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention HILXAMS COSTUME SHOP lovelystill, and

Salt Lake City, Utah CO. ENGRAVING UTAH said, to he "I asked go you "Amy,"

St. Salt Lake City, Utah 113 Regent

I I feel because out today must with me say something to you."He stole a side

glance at her. She was raising her

shoulders and her eyebrows and smiling all to herself, as small women can who -A WELCOME GIFT AT ANY TIME wish to be mean. He flushed, but his THE ERA jaw set.

12 Issues $2.00 "Iconoclasts,"he said, "fire bricks at

altars. They don't build. They merely

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Success House smash. one. I'm You GOOD..-':ATIDEAS. afraid—you're

sister home;came found your little you

very happy because she loved that niceyoungster, Harvey Lane, Now, every uMk Poi$Stfoed.

time I go to your house I find her eyeAND DEALERS lids red. Why? Because you think

Harvey won't get on...."

She broke in. "I wanted her to see,

to measure, to try to get somewhere."

Although her voice was smooth, she was shaking from rage.

"Where is that somewhere? You

made money, but where is it now? And,

remember, the seeing and measuring have only made you bitter, unhappy, unfair in your judgment of others, and unkind to them and to yourself. If Iask your father's help, your chin goes UTAH

up. You think, 'Noble of him to throw

his help our way!'And you think it with

that that something sneer doesa to you hile doctors nutses the from our and Wisn't father, pretty. But your who forces, state with our are other armed STEAMY BATHROOMS it embitters to look oneknows how front of are doctors thousands home

back on past glories and material posWall finishes here "take a fighting doubly hard to keep their felsessions, says warmly, gently, 'Why, beating!"Paint 'em with lowcitizens in good health.

Fullerglo Fuller -withstandsfine, of Overland Lines Greyhound We Jim!"I'd be real glad to help you

splashing, steam tribute Overland to our doctors.out!'and pay

washings. is repeated vital, job Greyhound's out it?"she get of he does "What different—but

Decoratortransportation to unify Providing selected colors. too! in, shrilly. fields are almostbroke "Our

is efforts, really important our now. war

is sold tumblingbeing our house and down. What does he get from thinkOVERLANDing blindly?"

"He gets that peace of God you hear EYHOUND in church, the peace that passesabout UN5all understanding,"anJim Grisby swered; "and he doesn't think blindly. INTERSTATEOperated byTRANSIT LINES

He thinks and sees sanely. He knows

he has the greatest wealth any man can have: the love of his neighbors; a

good wife, two girls, and a boy. 'None

better!'he says of you all, and he means

it. He sees nothing wrong even in a

girl who, because she has a home to come to and comes to it, sees life as over. "Is that matter?""Yes,"heyour—yourassured her, "it's my matter."

"Why? Just—why—Mr. Grisby?"

Rage made her gasp.

"You've contributed nothing but discontent to that house—no work, no happiness, and every member of every family ought to give those to a house. You

brood about don't knowwhat it means!"success—youhe stated. "You little

idiot, you are living with a house full Yes.,.all that bread

successes and paused and then"—he is this delineeds then,"ofsmiled—"and he pushed on, "you

flavorful jelly matter.ask so cious, You're why this is my

absorbed with self that you don't even quality in the famed

Tea Garden tradition.see that—I love you and that I wish

with all my heart and every drop of blood in my body that you were different, "my 'Iallloveyouyou,'could'Willbe, soyouI marrycould addme?'to

"I hate you!"she flung out, voice I have received The Improvement Era for the last three months. I don't

shaking. know whom to thank for this, but I'm sure you will..

"Well, that's something!"he said, I am very well pleased with it. And sorry I have not had it all the time.

and he started his car and turned toward I look forward to its coming now as much as I do pay day, as it holds more home. in store for me. It has taken a place in my heart that can never be filled by

other magazine. the door, she Arnold's did not inany At

to thank is responsible want whoever invite into the him but stalked house. return the blessing in some way. As to God I formeits itbeingis a blessingsent to me.to beAndablemayto

She passed Cecile on the stairs. Cehave access to such a wonderful magazine.

cile was sobbing. Then Jim, who, despite Cpl. Marion M. Bassett

{Continued on page 464) JULY, 1944 463 are made for loving. We know Amy's SUCCESS HOUSE mistaken. Go telephone that boy!"

{Continued from page 463) around and her childish face reflected Cecile came back from the telephone,

Amy, had followed her into the house, loveliness; the old pieces, all well mistyeyed and flushed.

called an utterly cheerful, "Come on, placed, the open fire with the cheering Then came two weeks Amy would

Cecile, I'd like to see you!"flames that cast shadows. never forget with all trying. She had

In her room, Amy closed the door to "Cecile,"said Jim, "I want to ask been hardened, not softened by the talk stand back of it, shaking. something. Where's Amy's man who and by something else she would not was bound to get on—succeed? acknowledge; and Harvey was back

Where's Amy's successful young man?"with them, every evening! And Cecile

Decile had always loved Cecile gasped. "Why, Jim!"she said. and he were so absurdly happy over the

Jim Grisby's house, and in it now she Jim put his hands on her slender plans for the wedding and fixing the old was almost as happy as she had been shoulders and laughed. "Dear child, Lane place, a wreck if ever there was

before Amy came home. She looked minds are made for thoughts, but hearts one. And Jim had pointed out their

..-,..,......,. -.........:-..,--.-......-,.....-.. r....;..,...-.,,y,<,,.V,,.........,..,,..,...,,...,...

31* mmm mmm

Homemade Skids Make TRANSMISSIONS AND DIFFERENTIALS

Barrel -Loading Easier Even when working alone you can REQUIRE SPECIAL LUBRICANTS load barrels of fuel from the ground with skids like those beKeeping pace with engine development, today's automotive powerlow. Hauling Standard Gasoline transmissions are improved units that employ gears of various types.

or Diesel Fuel to your tractors To withstand the extreme preswill save precious gallons. Save sures and temperatures caused by Fifth War Loan Drive on loads, and action of different gears,

—Buy More Than Before opedStandardseveralof Californiaspecializedhasgeardevellu-

Theyet—thegreatestFifthdriveWar Loan—openedfor bond sales bricants.On the relatively slowspeed

June 12. Six billion dollars is the driving gears in tractors, straight

quota for individuals. That's only a mineral RPM Gear Oil cushions

part of the total sales necessary to the jolts of changing loads. It recarry on the fight. Buy more bonds. duces wear to a minimum, resists

heat and flows freely in cold weather. Zerolene Gear Oil, anWindow Slides Lubricated othersells atstraighta lowermineralprice. It'slubricant,an old

With Easyto-use Wax favorite of many farmers for use

A few daubs with a cloth dipped in tractors and some trucks.

in Standard Liquid Wax will keep windows from sticking; old bedSHOULDAT LOW TEMPERATURESFLOW FREELY MUSTSHIFT LETEASILYGEARS

springs from squeaking. It's easy

additional fuel by idling your ento use on floors, too. Apply a thin

gines less, cleaning air filters, servcoat and let it dry for 30 or 40 icing carburetion and injection minutes before polishing. A pint

systems regularly. Standard Gasocovers approximately 500 square

line and Standard Diesel Fuel come to you 100% clean.

MUST RESIST H TO REDUCE WEAR AND SLUDGING Spray Early to Control RPM Gear Lubricant (ComDisease-Carrying Flies pounded), another of the Standard

At the rate flies multigroup, is specially made to provide "AHDARD ply, one destroyed early a wide margin of safety for gears in the season can mean (except hypoids) in modern cars there'll be thousands and trucks. It's also used in tractSPRAY LY less to plague you later tors and on bronze worm gears.

on. Why not start your Specially compounded, RPM

fly -control campaign now with Hypoid Lubricant protects all

Standard Fly Spray? It won't hypoids against the extreme constain wallpaper or the finest fabditions developed by the

rics and is not harmful to humans. feet. For asphaltic type floors, as peculiar wiping action of

It knocks insects dead! In pints, well as all other surfaces, use the teeth of these gears.

quarts, 1- and 5-gallon containers. Standard SelfPolishing Wax. For more information

and suggestions, see your Standard Man. e STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUCCESS HOUSE couldanothergive,heart.with Sheloving,wouldall warmthnever failto

couldtoo.father as if they didn't look well, I'd be—why,

if it weren't interfering, I'd befor—"on the andtop heof herThefine,kitchenher successfuldoor openedfather again!and Jim implying the world see!n't Always

that he alone cared! nodded upward. Grisby stepped in to move toward the

by; everyone Rapping had gone to sink. "I of he used thinking keep how Whenever Jim came, Amy left the

that ceremony. came in now without Cecile. picnics,"said "Reus take onroom.

At the end of those two weeks Harry member?""What are you doing?"he asked.

Arnold woke one morning with a fever They nodded; smiled with unsteady For a moment she smiled up at him

so high that he didn't quite know where lips. and his heart turned over. "I'm going

he was or remember his age. He had "Sometimes right here in the yard,"to take mother's breakfast up to her on

stepped back to younger years and said Cecile, "and we'd pack up as if a tray tomorrow morning,"she said.

miles. going doctor's waiting for the coming, were And didn't we weAmy, trifle he was He said—a thickly—that it!"place love it, the "Losing murmur,heard him at riding that going her to take two

...... hard, I will swallowed. acre nodded "Some-... suppose Bob acre by afternoon, time hadn't he did. and She

but the children, school... keep them times, at first, at Massachusetts Tech, to make herself smart and she didn't

I might used tohappy think—he have—gone

further. I met some fellows Then Then.. the. don'tdoctorlet themcomingsee meandworry."growwho caredidn'thowmind.sheSilentlylookedtheyso rodelong theas wayJim

ing grave and saying, in a whisper, didn't care at all about anything at (Concluded on page 466) "Awfully—pneumonia,sorryandto reportprettyit,bad!"Mrs, Arnold home,and—well,who anyway,hardly knewI'm theirglad people,I had The house grew quiet; the neighbors sense enough early to realize—all hecame to the back door to open it and was. I—I told him one day"—he hadtiptoe in. to pause a moment—"I told him,"he

The hushed inquiries were kind, kind. continued, voice rough, "because I was

These people, old friends, loved her faashamed of that time of—of doubtther as only the very deserving are about him—and he, I can see him now,loved. "If there's anything—anything saying, 'Why, Bob! I'm nothing,'smil-—we can do!"she heard dozens of ing, but his eyes were wet."times a day with stories of what he had Amy rose quickly to hurry to the WARdone for this or that person. "And pantry. Cecile was sobbing. Bob strugDidn't Change It—

troubles of his own,"one visitor added, gled to his feet to stand, back to them, "but he never let those make him blind before a window.

said,to the troubles of others."he had him,""Anyway, we Neither willPEACE! turning. rough, voice without Amy

heard it in the pantry. She never had

she'd knew, now, what Amy him; she might had have had, but she Before the war we madebeen doing to herself, her with new hadn't him. accepted

creed, and how she had lost her way. every effort to show our apAnd, too, she heard, "Oh, everybody

loves your father and mother; we have J.HREE weeks passed and preciation for the privilege

reason to!"And that was often folAmy stood before the sink washing a

lowed by a furtive dab of handkerchief tray. She had told her father that mornof serving you, by renderto eyes. ing how wonderful he was and how

"I know,"Amy would agree, lips unproud she was of him; she was still ing the finest service we possteady. shaky from it, the little that had drawn

The kitchen was inconvenient, she them so closely together that they could sibly could.

found, working in it; there was plenty never again be divided.

for her to do now. Her mother must He had taken her hand in his. "Amy,"During the war we are strivhave too been lost—land, thingschange a few income ing to do the same thing, in tired everywith—withday; she'dthis heandsaid,too much"I knowof it,whatand I'vea good

past. "Oh, God, out all it come make it. from But spite of wartime handicaps.right! well!"him get she begged Make all for ter myI couldn'ttrying. seemBut toalwaysdo bet-I

a thousand times the war we shall conHarvey came each eachnoon—aday. boy you knew,love andtoo,thewhatprivilegeI'd kept:of helpinghonor andmy After

could upon. depend each day And Jim neighbor roof over and our a heads give to our to and tinue meaningGrisby came. fine family! family! my My food—and Cecile, in ate and Amy, the Bob remembering keeps what you have And desire to serve mainyou, by

kitchen now to save steps and strength, you in tune with life and keeps the smile and one noon, after Harvey had come on top. And maybe I'm wrong, dear, taining the highest possible

and gone, Amy swallowed hard and but I don't think everyone thinks quite fine,spoke. "He's Cecile,"she said, as as much they ought to, maybe, about standards of courtesy and

better!"do'You couldn't they have!"what

It was easy to cry, and Cecile began. One of her tears had dropped on his efficiency.

"You know,"she whimpered, when she hand. "Why, Amy, dear child!"he

—youcould speak,said he"justwouldafterbe likeyou Father,came homeand broke"It's—it'sout. all right,"she faltered;that—that actually made me wonder "it's only that I'm awake, living, and

whether I'd marry him, and now—it's so happy!"

all I ask, all I'd ever ask!"And now she was washing a tray Bob, very gentle, said, "Well, you and remembering that small scene; and B

see it was so different here for Amy, reflecting that, perhaps, people loving

Cecile; she couldn't see all at once."each other in little shabby houses all

tried to answer, the over couldn't. so, she but world, and saying Amy made UTAH POWER & she like could scenes she speak that turnedWhen to that—scenes would

Bob. "How's the invention?"she asked. never be snowed under in the magpie He looked surprised, then for a mostorage-house of mind that we call LIGHT CO.

ment his eyes kindled. "Got it,"he memory. It was wonderful to realize

said. "I know it's good. Jim says so, what loving could do! And how you *JULY, 1944 465

SOLUTION TO JUNE PUZZLE SUCCESS HOUSE (Concluded from page 465) Now she understood what came of simthey'd followed before and at the crest ple happiness and how it grew. She'd

of the same hill Jim brought his car to a put the Martha Washington geranium standstill.,. r. in the center of the table—it was in

"I love you,"he said, and this time flower and lovely. And later her father

he added, "Will you—will you marry would say, "Now, what do I smell bakme/A few hours later Amy was in the Wig/Her father,-smiledM - on her,; f,, so happy

kitchen with her mother, who was about her marrying Jim. And Jim's eyes

ecstatic over the engagement and was were more than happy; they were worplanning the supper which Jim was to shipful, incredulous. Instinctively he

share. moved toward Amy, and, putting a

"Hot biscuits,"her mother said. hand beneath her chin, he raised her

Amy dropped her head to her mothface to kiss her. Bob sat back from his

er's shoulder, hugging her tightly. Her drawing board, grinning.

mother felt her nod, heard her whisAmy spoke tremulously, "Mother pered, "Yes, I'll go tell them!"told me to tell you,"she said, "that

She moved toward the diningroom. we're going to have—hot biscuits!"Lw.v.uiniwu'.nvT,ga

3. BISHOP: WHAT IS YOUR SENSE OF VALUES?

(Concluded from page 428) If you wish it to work, don't give it a jerk,

The following poem has been quoted But pull it through—smoothly and light.

but it probably has not appeared before Now, boys are just somewhat like zippers

likely to you're find you're left 'way authorities the to And referred of one mprovement Era inences,print. At one of our general conferIf you jerk them, they get off the track, behind, like being a zipper. a boy as H. David cannot forward or back. move And Elton, prominent of the a member stuck with problem hard mighty You're a

Church and at the time mayor of LethYou're balked and stranded, I fear.

it's can't cinch an inch a dead you move all are of gear. out meshes your*2)ubdcrihtfcnberd... bridge,and wroteCanada,this poem.caughtIt thehits zipperthe nailideaon ForWhen

the head in this philosophy we are If you'll just treat the boys like a zipper, start out them right—they'll come The you ERA gives much of stressing. compliment him for the And We through, the genius of the piece current best and its soundness. CHURCH times nine out of ten will make splendid And

LITERATURE. Within its covers you find each month auZippers and Boys Energetic,men efficient and true.

thoritative material written or The zipper's a modern contraption, But thrust them, and twist them, and jerk spoken by our Church leaders. SupplantingWe now bid the"goodbye""button"toandthe"lace,""hook"and Like themthe zipper, they'll slip out of clutch,

the stalled "eye,"that dear hope you've And Has it occurred to you what boy—your their zipper place. taken has The joy your and priceless of theology, gems

It travels delicate meshes, much! lad that valued on you The poetry downto-earth and gostight, fastens quite snugly and H. Elton And D.—so

pel you the have in yearby- year of this volumes magazine? EDITORIALS

not preserve for Why them '47, (Concluded page 444) from cannot from of neers they withdraw future your reference your and ideals. their inimical But, to a world to that those not they succumb may children's edification? We urge alien entering are they world, even an their of things rob which them would to so. you do test the passing high it with meeting and is the vision for part of courage; a good

quality of courage. This courage means honors. These pioneers of 1944 are also

Single volumes (12 numbers) bound the ability to stand for what is right in maintaining their integrity-—and so long

in durable, attractive, blue cloth spite of whatever may come. asceivetheytheretainblessingstheir ofvision,their theyEternalwill Fare-

binding, stamped in gold $2.25 Like the Pioneers of 1847, many of ther, who knows their trials but who

each plus postage. the pioneers of 1944 have had to leave also knows the rewards that come to

their loved ones; they have had to those who hold fast to the truth.

C. /.Ten or more volumes at one time go into barren places. Unlike the Pio-—M.

$2.00 each plus postage.

I QUIT TOBACCO?Bring them in or mail them to us HOW CAN

(Continued from page 429) an individual thing. He has certain

Cases have been noted of persons with foods he cannot take without disturbno particular reason to stop smoking, ance, as well as others which he dislikes. fU who gave it up because no one among This will not be altered by his campaign

their immediate associates used tobacco, to quit tobacco. However, since all drug

and keeping on with the habit seemed habits are closely related in nature, it is too much trouble. most important that tea, coffee, and

Jhe *Jjederet r/ewd [-re55 3. Is There Anything to be Done in especiallyat the samealltime.alcoholic drinks be left off

29 Richards Street. Salt Lake City the Way of Diet That Will With some, the taking of small

Help Me With This Job? amounts of ice cream, milk foods, or

Every person's diet is more or less other fluid nourishment between meals 466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I QUIT TOBACCO? HOW CAN

maycraving—especiallyprove helpful duringin appeasingthe first fewthe thisfluid equalouncetoofonesolution.or two teaspoonfulsAn amount ofis

held there into and in small the mouth can takenweeks. amounts Candy for moke, &8erreR. matter, then thirty or such desire for a seconds here, a whenalso be helpful

smoke comes on. Chewing gum somediscarded, without swallowing any of it.

times gives aid. The taste is undesirable, and if used

Quite important for most individuals when the craving becomes troublesomeis the taking of an increased amount of it may be of considerable help. maki it GOOD /

fluids each day. This helps to eliminate

poisons more speedily and to lessen the 6. Since the Mental Habit Will be

Problem, Difficult Most for be smoke.craving a Should you a My So Fresh

Things it is That perCan I Do fever or asthma,victim of What hay haps not wise to increase your fluid inWill Help Me There? So Smooth

us require of mosttake However, much.

natural individual's ingenuity Each elimination healthfor proper and good So Good will little things which suggest may eight total of tumpoisonsof about a cirparticular his in beneficial prove in liquid twentyfourblerfuls of each certain underlyare There cumstances. milk, in water,hours. be had This may the conquest principles governing ing ale, gingerbuttermilk, orange lemonade,

are: this force, which of among drinks,juice, soft not other harmless and

including those that contain caffein. (a) Avoid idleness as you would the

Taking of vitamins may prove helpplague. This one thing may make or

ful, if there is a deficiency in this dibreak your effort. An idle mind is bad

rection; but where a general mixed diet company for such a job. If your work

of cereals, whole wheat bread, vegetarequires sitting still and not doing much bles, fruits, and milk, and a moderate but being there, carry a suitable bookamount of meats is eaten, the vitamin let in your pocket and crowd the minbalance is likely to be satisfactory. utes with thoughts outside yourself. If

Where there is some impairment of this is not permissible because of the health, this would not necessarily hold nature of your duties, you may memtrue. orize interesting material and go over it "The question of use of laxatives and during those minutes between. You will

purges as a part of the program is often be surprised at how much you may acreferred to. Here wisdom should be complish in mental advancement and ONE OF DURKEE'S FAMOUS FOODS

employed, and every case determined cultivation, no matter where you may be. If there is not anyupon its merits.

is if it or to constipation,tendency (b) Avoid idle companions. There k. SINCE 1 857

present only in such degree as is easily is no need to hurt or offend them. One

controlled by adding fruits and bulky can always get around wounding feelfoods to the diet, laxatives should be ings, with a little kindness and tact.

left alone. These drugs usually contribWhen you are faced with some time

ute to the cause of chronic constipation, that would ordinarily be spent under THE ADVERTISERS and do not cure it. Where such a probsuch conditions, go to the library and

lem is present, the advice of a well get acquainted with the numerous auand Where You Will Find imphysician is general to offertrained most waiting you thors there inspiraTheir Messages it. entertainor friendship, of tion, to the overcomingportant growth,

ment. Take your companions along if Beneficial Life Insurance Co Back Cover

Cover Bookcraft Company to help be able they will go. You may Other Things Can I Do to4. What 468 University Young.....Inside.—Backtraveling begin unconsciously them Physical Increase Oil a BrighamContinental Company My General—460

Resistance?, different and more interesting road. Daynes Music Company 458

Deseret Book Company—422466 Press News

- 467 Mayonnaise Bathe your body daily, if this is pos- (c) Don't go to the moving picture Durkee'sDeseret feelingsible. of vital get great a is Oleomargarine Troco Some there unless Durkee's pastime, some as a show—451422 Starch Faultless oruplift cold shower the morning from to picture particularly you wish good 424 FelsNaptha Soap & Soap Chips this too others seems bath. For istub 463 today average 452. movie made P. Fuller see. The Company W.

451 difficulty Hall's Canker Remedysevere. one has for advertising Where of powerful in a medium

462 Shop Hillam Costume in sleep, soaking batn for to a hotgoing will liquor and and tobacco, both 417 in- K. S. L

greatly. will help oftenthirty minutes is tryone of the difficulty College -462 crease Business who L.D.S.

421 Strauss Levi Company either. of using habit the to break time outof-doors as as ing much Spend 461 Food Company Linda Loma

is least at equally the this radio vigorIn can. of absorbing hour Inside Back Cover - Pectinyou One M.C.P.

420 Chocolates McDonald's Mrs. J. G. select will guilty, to well and will do deal you a great each do playous day 458 Milk the discretion programs you Morning poisons, with as well elimination of someto favor Fuel Supply Mountain Company—Inside Front—Cover time. least listen to, at off somefor a craving. the one's to takeas mind

463 Lines Greyhound Overland interesting to thing more..451 do—notablyFind PorterScarpelli Co Macaroni5. Is There Any Drug That Can be reading of good books. You will disPurity Biscuit Company 419

453 Soup if Rancho Help passed to Used that has you by cover much Me Break the 462 Baking Company Royal Desire for reading. a Smoke? one been have not who you No 470 Tribune and Telegram Salt Lake

Products Company 419 Milk Sego living a full rounded life has any time this, is things used for been have Many 464 Oil Company Standard kill. to 463 Products of them another.at Garden and one time Tea Some

probably are of more or less aid, but (d) The nervous part of tobacco HotelHotel TempleUtah Square - 453471 guidunder 462 a physician's takenmust be also involves be might habitism what Utah Engraving—

452 Fire Insurance Home safe. usePerhaps the mostance to be habit neurosis. of Utah His called a smoker's 469 Industry of Utah Mining Metal Utah

thing offul simple is a 421 mouth wash cigar, cigaret, pipe or holding Refining becomes Oil Company Utah...465 Company Utah Power 6 Light solution. is obtainedsilver nitrate This unconthat he so a part of him much

461 Stauffer Reynolds & containat the should flickWheeler, drugstore, and of sciously motions through goes three grains of silver nitrate to each ( Concluded on page 468

JULY, 1944 467 I QUIT TOBACCO? HOW CAN

(Concluded from page 467) of One Who is Frail from

Standard ingmouth,ash whenor of heplacingis nottheactuallysmoke smokto his BadOtherHeart?Causes, Such as a

ing. motions, they habit and are These

is all. at doing one by None What will smoker often the themselves remind

is the stopping withdrawal the tobacco light cigaret, to does he really a when never been has of which a poisonCollege its effect ocespecially. Such not crave one to the to bring body human known the extremely are currences common in

small, benefit, large single and which or strain, nervousness, of or presence any in is health definitely to human harmful professional uneasiness. man, one As a ways. demonstrable many When it:Work... the long a smoker, put "Whenever

is from person to be suffering found lags conversation or you know do not the first thing poisoning, arsenic chronic lighting hands, a your what to do with the find the and of drug to source fills conis these the year around cigaret the bill."Under

it his into getting body. stop from The light ditions, will often a cigar- a person

at et, take a few draws upon it, then exlogic and results are the same in both tinguish it, only to light another in ten cases.

to twenty minutes and repeat the same process. 8. Why, If This is True, Have Some (JSriaham, i/lcf ouna It is of interest that these habit moPhysicians Actually >f tions do not occur if hands and lips are Their Patients to Take UpAdvisedSmokotherwise engaged in some activity. ing?

in the points This remedy. a measure

is being only physician a human lit A lips otherwise emhands u, and Keep medicial special along training with involve chewing ployed. Such may training his of lines. plus of basis the Upon in carrythe of occupation gum, hands carplans THE his opinion, he personal and SECOND TERM

gloves, of object, ing as pair a some his patients. of ries the treatment out

stick, etc. book, person walking Each of the in some his be knowledge weak Should

less, his will evolve to or have, more niceffects of in the particular, such as his inthis to solution according of SCHOOL SUMMER is likely otine the body, he upon human dividual circumstances program. and

if Little advice. to any give wrong SESSION

(e) Although it sounds more than a time is actually given to study of this colin medical subject any ridiculous, true particular the less it is none July 24—August 25 little

is there lege in the ample land, yet mathat wearing smoking a blindfold when reduces greatly the sense of satisfaction terial available. No physician with full

offers worthwhile eduof the smoker. Because of this, such a knowledge of just what nicotine does

heart, vessels, nervous and the blood to to help of has proved some cational opportunities measure delibuses it ever of him system who difficult the to break time those having a to those who are too ochabit. It has been said that most smokerately advised a patient for whose care

responsible, to take up tobacco. was blind behe cease to go smoke who cupied to attend college ers whether smoker, addition, every In it is of the doing trouble not justicause

during the regular acafied by what they receive. physician or mule skinner, loves his

demic year. 7. Is There Any Reason to Fear smoke,to learnandfactsdoeswhich,not go ifoutheof believedhis way

That Stopping Tobacco Will them, would only serve to make him unWrite for current catalogue to the Further Damage the Health comfortable about doing what he likes.

President's Office Brigham Young APOSTATE FACTIONS

University (Continued from page 433) shall speak in the following chapter.

as King Thereafter, he was known that topics other day, and Sabbath Provo, Utah ashe which was James, and everything of entirely useless people to the seemed his community. sociated with was called "royal."

In keeping with the spirit of the law It is interesting to know that this of Moses, his new publication deman, whose chief lieutenants later manded that the last day of the week assisted in the organization of the ReWHEREVER THEY GO was the Sabbath, so from that time fororganized Church, taught that plural

Somewhere in Burma ward their meetings were held on Saturmarriage and baptism for the dead were the to Editors: divine principles revealed ProphDear all their religious rituals perday and

last year's Noago his A week insisted that Smith et Joseph and that day. formed on of copies the vember DecemberI received and faithfully. subjects these decrees obey Era. issues to old They seem may

strictly at they but home, are you new for the baptisms performed dead to jungles. ones in these here He me this is significant that imarrogant Tt

is of point the However, newness a in set in the lake the forest and a small * called to content postor not be was is one. to minor the Paramount me

in the of marriage order example by of spirituality contribute, they both touch inpresident, reverend. elder or He

uplifting especially those conference additional four wives. sisted that should be taking he king and a was of the in messages leaders the Church

November's thanks pages. them My revered addressed as such and by his that the often boasted Mr. Strang for filling in to you and a gap tomy life disciples. service dedicatory the in this At outpost folof the remote globe, in persecution of the and their Twelve

otherwise which facilities Church isandentirelyassociates.devoid Theof the tabernacle he had a disciple ordain lowers was proof of their rejection by

Era is an invaluable bridge linking me him a king and place a crown upon his the Lord. The absence of persecution

with the Church. head royal robe him with and present a disciples himself of he interpreted and

Sincerely yours, of crimson knight and orange. The divine approval. who as evidence of This an

Cpl. Max L. Carruth was chosen to place the crown upon his was well answered by Reuben Miller

head was George J. Adams, of whom we (Concluded on page 470)

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA jr

HPHE people of Utah and its industries have lived together facts about the mining industry. He will tell them in "down

* many years. Together we have weathered many storms to earth"terms, and occasionally relate stories of human

... together we shall continue to work for the State's progress. interest about persons and incidents.

strive 'which better should understanding for an even We father Mike's""Miner miner. an early Utah was He worked

will for in the future. progress even greater make in Silver Alta, at hauled where by ox the Emma ore was

Are most people aware of the importance of the mines, team to Ogden for shipment to Swansea, Wales, for treatment.

mills and smelters that have been built in Utah? That they He mined at the Silver Reef in Millard County, the Horn

employ a great many persons? That they are vital factors Silver in Beaver County, and panned gold in Bingham Canin the social and economic life of our State? yon before the camp joined the ranks of the large copper,

lead and zinc producers. His father also mucked in the old

The State has grown and her people have prospered. Ungold camp of Camp Floyd, now Mercur, and later at the

derlying this progress has been harmonious relationship beOntario at Park City, and the Apex at Bingham. So "Miner

tween the people and the industries of our State. Mike"is steeped in mining lore, having grown up with the

With a better understanding of problems that may arise in industry.

the future, progress of the past can be continued. Mindful Each month he will answer interesting questions about

of this and recognizing the desire of the people of Utah for mining... WATCH FOR HIM1

knowledge, we want you to know more about the metal mining industry of Utah. His first message to the people of Utah is:

"Miner Mike"will tell you interesting and educational "BUY A WAR BONO TODAY!"

METAL MINING INDUSTRY OF UTAH Silver King Coalition Mining Co. Chief Consolidated Mining Co. Tintic Standard Mining Company

Utah Copper Company Ohio Copper Company of Utah Park Utah Consolidated Mines Co.

American Smelting <S Refining Co. Combined Metals Reduction Co. International Smelting & Refining Co.

United States Smelting Refining and Mining Company

JULY, 1944 469

APOSTATE FACTIONS

(Concluded from page 468) Hancock with such a holy terror. It is this

will the years'in time That Mormons five his from Beaver Island, departure after branch! root and driven Wisconsin be

in these bold words it! to claim a prophet not be do Mark Wefrom

The reason is that he has not enough or a son of a prophet, but we see in the foolpriesthood and authority and the spirit of hardy career of these miserable dupes and tocitizens action of other knaves, and the the devil mad. with him to He is make God

to such tendency them, wards an inevitable of persecution blaze the fanning same against the Saints that have moved west, a result.6

that Tom Sharp and the mob did against Within nine years this prediction was

Joseph and Hyrum. Mr. Strang has a spirit fulfilled. Two of Mr. Strang's disciples

of revenge and a perfect hatred against all shot him on June 16, and on July 9, his career. in are to him opposed mad who alexpired. died 1856, His colony he

unchristian in his conduct, only not He is time suddenly. a short as Within most sacrifice perfectly abusive, would and but

the innocent and unoffending upon the altar his disciples left the island and fled to of public opinion to the Moloch of his amthe states where they looked for some bition. He is in possession of the same spirit other leaders to arise and hold them tothat crucified the Lord of glory, and the gether as an opposing force to Brigham

same spirit that has influenced all the other Young and the pioneers in the West.

this first of organization the since apostates four of In there branches 1936 were spirit that the put the dagChurch, and same with the Strangite a memberChurch hearts.8 and Hyrum's ger to Joseph

123,"ship as the regarded him of who

George A. Smith said of Strang and true successor of Joseph Smith. There

others like him: are not enough members in any one

the death number After a of men of Joseph president maintain an organization. No the revelators; to professingDestiny Date appeared, community to hold regular meetings or be

office holds the kingly Mr. or king now I believe, of them, noted was James most J.

Tuesday. June B. 1944, joins in Strang.Bishop, George... CharlesJ. AdamsThompson,and othersGladdenarose ficesStrangarehadburnedassumed.''on theirNoaltars,animalsuchsacrias

history other dates in the desuntil prophets for awhile were at a discountl were done on Beaver Island; no priest

tiny of America and a free But all these vanished into thin air; their receives revelations to guide them, yet

world. It is a day which renames were forgotten and their pretentions they look forward to the return of the

unless are unknown, their 6, 1917 scattered April before dates: some of us happen to Lord few memcalls other them.4 think and tell of

.. for-. eagerly look bers pass away.... They 11. 1918 November

December 7. 1941. In 1847, the Qttincy Whig, though ward for the "one mighty and strong"

bitterly prejudiced against all Mormons, who will lead them before the second

Since 1871. The Salt Lake said the following of Mr. Strang coming of the Lord.

Tribune has helped record his- (Next Installment: George J. Adams

all these matters of a In have view we to Transplanted Branch In World in the making. tory—A the readers prediction ask make, and we Palestine) servthis II. it continues War editors those to mark who

coverage the of doings the of February people regardedit—particularlyto 3. 1847 *Quincy with Whig. news ice a have

equal to that of any news3Reuben Miller, James J. Strang, Weighed in the eReligiousTQuaife's book,Bodies,KingdomII, Bureauof ofSt.theJamesCensus,(1930p. 836ed.,

Wanting, Truth and Found of The comBalance the world. in paper

10, 1858 History, Journal January 16 p.1923—182),apparentlysays thattodaya presidingthe highestelderoffice.was ordained in of Associated facilities plete

Press, United Press, InternaService, tional New News

OverService. Foreign Times York THOU HAST MADE US TO INCLINE TO THEE

seas News Service all are (Continued from page 427) were held. A loving wife is declared to

available to you through the in the book of Deuteronomy, we find be the gift of God, and a worthy woman columns of The Salt Lake the following eloquent words is more precious than rubies. The folextract lowing Proverbs conTribune. from the

great, that is there so nation what And t of tains the formulation most complete as righteous statutes judgments so hath and

The Salt Lake Tribune awaits all this law, which I set before you this day? the ancient Hebrew ideal of womanhistory's next dates of destiny: Only take heed to thyself, and keep thy hood:

The end of war with Germany, soul diligently, lest thou forget the things find virtuous a can lest woman? seen, they and thine Who have eyes the end of war with Japan. As which is far rubies. price For her above all thy of the days thy heart from depart

those days approach, your life: but teach them thy sons, and thy sons'

Salt Lake Tribune continues sons. (Deut. 4:8-9.) The heart of her husband doth safely trust

its complete, accurate presenin her, that he shall have no need of spoil. tation of history in the making. Drom*- of aEzekiel,careful Ezra,readingandof Nehemiah,the books So

will and not evil good She do him undertaken education that find was we life. the of her days in All of the officers government the by

Palestine upon the return of the exiles She seeketh wool, and flax,

in his Peritz of Mr. women, Ismar J. 1 from Babylon. Concerning the position And worketh willingly with her hands. in the Ancient She is like the merchants'ships; entitled, article "Woman

Hebrew Cult"(Journal of Biblical LitShe bringeth her food from afar.

erature), writes:

She riseth also while it is yet night,

The Hebrews in the earlier periods of their And giveth meat to her household, history, exhibit no tendency to discriminate And a portion to her maidens.

between man and woman so far as participation in religious practices.

Many passages reveal the love and She layeth her hands to the spindle, tenderness in which wife and mother And her hands hold the distaff.

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THOU HAST MADE US TO INCLINE TO THEE TO SPEED

She stretcheth out her hand to the poor; Her children arise up, and call her blessed;

Yea, she reacheth forth her hands to the Her husband also, and he praiseth her. OUR BOYS

needy.

Many daughters have done virtuously,

But thou excellest them all. HOME... clothing; are herStrength and honour

to time rejoice in she shallAnd come. FavourBut a womanis deceitful,that fearethand beautythe Lord,is vain:she shall

She openeth her mouth with wisdom; be praised.

And in her tongue is the law of kindness. Give her of the fruit of her hands;

She looketh well to the ways of her houseAnd let her own works praise her in the hold, gates.

And eateth not the bread of idleness. (Proverbs 31:1015, 1920, 2531.) mm—-'

THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from page 425) Number of persons identified Decemhistoric Lion House. After dinner we went ber 31, 1943 71,212

did work. temple the temple and toover recorded We Ordinances

eternity baptism for in and marriagebelieve q Baptisms proxies living acting as the dead,for the by W.8/3rneCs Endowments occupying dead. their werefor kindred We 1 1,199 wives to husbands Sealing, in temple, having the differentthree rooms

to parents 41,565 children Sealing, dead. for our eternity for performedsealings

children 1,516 sealed by proxy hadWe Total ordinances,.172,510 parentsto their on my birthday.

I miss years recent more than During unbalanced records were own My association tell family the happy of the TI can oflike members most those

I grateful s e of the Lord am *he ou four to being women's workChurch—the has Produce and Conserve—the that in heaven Fatherr way fP my a numof the men. Forthousand ahead

ber of years I have only employed men, been opened to obtain names of my deart that he 'and awakened m me Share and Play Square P evened record has been thatso now the wlll th( the to do mymdxvidfd kin and; desire necesthe enabling to perform usup,

sary sealing ordinances. 9 with FOOD! tmf I of tahtoSl report the latest here include temple abound work * ulykitVi F mightiest of our IS one Reynolds, has done GraceMrs. who R the T700D Saints of the and fa may th/hearts the for research record and workmy their realize of your war. priesthood the of Grow brethren weapons

last twelve years of full advantage responsibility and take own, help on farms or in processing in this to participate opportunity 13,714 their groupsFamily

Duplicate of pedigree charts.. 232 most important mission. plants. Buy only what you need,

kill black markets by buying only

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS withthan ceilingration stamps,prices. andWhenpayeatingno moreout,

page 445) from (Concluded copyists the opportunity, and, had no whether in our popular Coffee Shop, it select the of nearest text, doubt, oftenpelled to took word to correct the meaning. This has been done by the thus corrupt it, whenever they thought or in the Starlite Gardens, or at any

so. Testament, of thetranslators but it proper to do New

used has All these other difficulties inrestaurant, help share America's foodeach translator his own judgand ment as to the meaning intended, and, herent in the task of translation, justify supply by ordering only what you therefore, the translations vary, usually the eighth article of the faith of the in minor matters. Church can eat, and eating all that you order.

All this brings to our attention the A- believe Bible the to be We text in of depending onedanger on is correctly. translated far as it as the God the word of FOOD—A Vital War Weapon! read scriptures. the should ofstudy One

the context carefully; and seek out other Joseph Smith, the Prophet, said:

is disin subject theplaces hand where the Bible as it I believe read came when it true, exact or the morecussed. Then,

writers. Ignorthe original of from the pen the mist through seen bemeaning, may translators, transcribers, careless or deant

of the translator's efforts. And, it is signing and corrupt priests have committed

equally valuable to compare various many errors. ( Teachings, p. 327.

translations, for each one may furnish some clue to a more complete underHowever, despite errors that may standing of the original meaning. have crept into it, the message of the

In the case of the New Testament, Bible is consistent from beginning to the difficulties of securing a dependable end. It teaches the way to life and

translation are many. The manuscripts salvation. It remains the greatest book

in our possession from which the transon earth. Read intelligently, it does not

lations must be made, are not the origdeceive, but leads men into the light of

has not yet been surpassed. inallost—butones—theprobablyoriginalscopiesareof longcopiessinceby truth. And, the King James translation

hand, before the coming of the printing (For further study consult Smythe, press. Such copies contain unavoidable How We Got Our Bible; and James

errors, missing words or wrong words, Gall, An Interpreting Concordance of characteristic of hand copying. Besides, the New Testament.)—]. A. W.

JULY, 1944 4/1 Your and Ours

tP8*! rftTfti "** l6 "Ifri fo> TS fe TfiFi fflfri TWtin Tl|fc,iffti Hn Bit, lfllih ifti( *infh Wi.HBIBii ff?ti "Bffffti Tlh I

final ideas in the article itself, of the glorious doctrines of the

Salute to William Mulder Churchthe next instop,connectionreluctant withto giveMatthewhis address5:1416.to a perfectHe gotstrangeroff at

I to in the read eager the of given him. more copy Era to congratulate wishes William Mulder Era The personal scribbled of the the card on gavebut address and him my * his in recent appointment as an ensign the United

... hall here. hold where our meetings we

States Navy. The Era feels keenly the departure of WilIt is experiences like this that strengthen my testimony that

liam Mulder who has given invaluable service to the magthe Era truly is the voice of the Church. I am thrilled that the

azine. The staff wishes him Godspeed and a quick return. Era is the fine magazine it is; as I told him whom I met in the

bus: "The Era is one of the keys to the gospeldoor."This

is an original thought with me, and it expresses my sentiments completely.

missionits wonderful magazine you are ThetheRaymondoutstandingSecondrecordsWardin theof Churchthe Taylorthis year.Stake hasThisonewardof aryMaywork.TheThisImprovementis my prayerEraforcontinuethe splendidin

turned in 301 subscriptions, which is nearly 400% of its quota, supervising.

and also this ward turned in six more subscriptions than the Sincerely your brother, entire Taylor Stake quota. Elder Willard D. Stephens

Stake tells us that Taylor Allen Superintendent John L. is -& this of the remarkbecause citation winner year largely a double

able record of this ward.

Congratulations to Raymond Second Ward, to its Era workThere's a Difference all others bishopric, officers and ers, who and ward Mutual "Father, Harry: what's the difference Young between a gun entire ward your the campaign. in know that participated We a machine and gun?"activity. this splendid united behind have been must

is It a big difference. is just as if I spoke, Dad: "There and

-$- then your mother spoke."

Dear Editors: Somewhere in Africa Difficult Maneuver

bit country, for are, in our of doing our us as many Engaged, Small Dorothy, learning to dress herself, was having difservices about bring help to fit to our engage that has seen ficulties. difficult, it is find rather earth, the the people of to peace we

said she exasperatedly "Mom,"after awhile, "you'll have to land, in to a foreign the especially with Army Forces when this for dress button me 'cause I can't."to us that teachings the with mean so much keep in contact

Saints. Latterday as "Why''Cause—well,can't you?"'causeaskedthe Mombuttonscalmly.is behind and I'm in front."It is for this reason that I am taking this opportunity of writing you to express in a few words just how much it means

to me to receive each issue of The Improvement Era. I look Ultimate

it next, the to and pleasure one issue from great with forward visited college. his son's students Watching in a A farmer

to, spiritually uplifting to be able invigorating certainly and class, chemistry told they looking for he was were a universal unsurmountable, hardships almost dark, things and seem whenis solvent.

pleasant relax his in the to troubles from one's take mind away that?"Farmer: "What's

does doing and, is edifying one so very that by so material fluid will Student: that dissolve anything.""A

all that far quite from and are that feel they so home away not idea. great Farmer: "That's a you find it, what are When stories articles at the hand, having, to and us so by means much it in?"going to keep you

it contains. that

associations of the pleasant that I miss Assuring you the Technically Correct contact with and and the Church people at home good my close all that it stands for, I remain, Teacher: "Who can name a liquid that will not freeze? All

Sincerely, right, Freddy."

David J. Smith Freddy: "Hot water."

-<*>- Natural Query Dear Brethren: Cambridge, Massachusetts

eat carrots, Mary: must "You your dear. Don't you the years; and enjoyed Era for many have known carrots will beautiful?"my people knowAunt make you I for several generations, of the Church been members have niece (after Small observing carefully) her aunt: "Didn't

of the impressed foremost has always as one and me the Era they have carrots when you were a little girl, Aunt Mary?"

also, to attest, in the that gospel. the of advantages I want

mission field, we elders of the Church find that the Era is a Kind Landlord

It endeavors. inspired missionof aid to us in our is an wealth

telling people of and our about about us ary means beliefs, "I'm"That'sgoingnice,to Iraisecouldn'tyour raiserent"it."

the of restored precepts the Church. explaining example by

Just by chance, the man nextI happenedto me happenedto be ridingto remarka bus histhe dislikeother dayfor Road to Recovery when tobacco and for smoking in busses. Here in Lowell, there is The "road hog"was lying semiconscious in a hospital after

a wholesale disregard for "No Smoking"signs in the public the crash.

busses. Across the aisle from us a pouchy creature was vigorDoctor: "How is he this morning?"

ously puffing at a cigar. I was carrying an Era with me at the Nurse: "Oh, he keeps putting out his hand."

time, and J. opened it to the "When It's 'No Smoking'In the Doctor: "Ah! He's turning the corner."

Army"article by Paul O. Morgan in the February 1943 Era. It

certainly hit a responsive chord with the man next to me. He Limited Sweetness

wanted 'to know where he could get a copy of the article, so I Member of ration board: "What's your complaint on your

gave him mine. As we rode on, and I explained to him how sugar ration?". >

we adhere to the high principles that Paul mentions in his Farmer: "Well, I'm trying to do my bit patrioticlike, but

Epistle to the Corinthians (I Cor. 6:19), the gentleman got I'm married, have eight children and I'm darned if I can ke,ep

more interested than ever. Then I told him, prompted by the on buying all that sugar."

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BOOKS

... FOR THE HOME LIBRARY

History... romance...

adventure... inspiration

... entertainment

BRIGHAM YOUNG

THE COLONIZER—

an account of the Mormon conquest oi the

Great Basin; one of the

world's great stories, vividly told. By. Dr. Milton R. Hunter. Price,

$3.00.

THIS DAY AND

ALWAYS...

the "spoken word"of the Tabernacle Choir broadcasts; a treasure

chest of inspirational thoughts, beautifully expressed. By Richard

L. Evans. Price, $1.50.

is a very sugar fruit or and juke SAVING 1... ORDER NOW $ energyin making economy important

J enclosed. order? or check money relieve the jellies help which rich jams and Please send C.O.D. \ Q as such foods rich other of shortage wartime $2.50 of Life Smith F. Joseph The \ D J jams, etc. butter, Homemade eggs, meat, Smith Fielding Joseph By J J

$3.00 Colonizer the Young Brigham save which spreads excellent are especially, JJ R. Dr. Hunter J5 Milton By

"points"and are far more economiprecious This and Always Day $1.50 J J

Richard By z cal than butter or margarine.

of! the The Story MormonL. EvansPioneers..$2.00 3 By Mabel S. Harmer With M.C.P. PECTIN you get more

The Gay Saint $2.50 {! glasses of jam or jelly from the same amount By Paul Bailey

Sam Brannan and the California! of fruit or juice, for you don't "boil away"

$1.75 s Mormons i these costly ingredients.., yet, the M.C.P. By Paul Bailey

For This My Glory... $2.50 5 method prevents spoilage due to too short a

Paul Bailey By eliminate recipes easyto-use boil. Tested, Hills $1.50 J{ Unto the

... i and work.. f RichardRichard L.L. EvansEvans save you time ByBy guesswork

$2.25 Gospel Standards { C and, because M.C.P. PECTIN is colorless, f S By Heber J. Grant

.. as- $1.25 always 4 In the tasteless are Gospel Net odorless,. you and { d

A. J Widtsoe John By finetextured and jams tender, clear, sured for RECIPE THIS Reconciliations $1.85 USE Evidences K and \| G

flavor. fruit jellies berry natural A. i By or Widtsoe of pure, John JAM BERRY FRESH the $1.25 Signs Times

Berries Ground 6 Fielding Smith Joseph V ofBy Cups 'if to Perfection $1.25 Variety) Way (Any j SESSSr *****%****"?:**??.* Fielding Joseph Smith By Sugar S Cups y2 C $2.00 Great The Answer I Pectin 1 M.C.P. Package Margaret By Lee Runbeck 1 smm I'qts. fully 3 grind stem, Wash, $3.00 Apostle The > ZTsr* \ completecrush or berries, y ripe By Sholem Asch

is to reduced Lincoln $3.50 J1 Abraham berry each ly so

By I level Dougherty James 6 exactly Measure pulp.

Surgeon Burma 1 (fill 3 out berries crushed cups VJ\ Gordon 1 S. Seagrave, By M.D. $3.00 if neceswater -with last cup Thunderhead $2.75 S | kettle. Add large into sary), By O'Hara Mary | J Ml bring well, stir Pectin, Long, M.C.P. Long $2.75 Ago |

constantly. By Woollcott stirring Alexander boil JJ to a

NOW, add sugar (previously THE BQDKCRAFT CD. \ measured),a full rollingmixboil.well,BOILbringEXto

Remove Offices 4 MINUTES. at Travelers'(New Lodge) Motor ACTLY J

1465 State 4, Ut. South let boil subside, 1 City St., Salt Lake from fire, stir IP

Please send the books checked above: 5 and skim by turns 5 minutes.

jars, allowsterilized into Name with sealing for -inch Yz -S-L Address... $I Pouring

For paraffin. fresh (NOTE:

add Jam, % ANY OTHER THAN SUGAR F Your orders will receive prompt attention. J Strawberry cup AND

6 cups to each lemon juice BUY CAN PECTIN YOU berries.) crushed******** JELLS MORE FRUIT OR JUICE SAVE FOODBUYWAR BONDS

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA- ||( RETURN,, POSTAGE GUARANTIEE/

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH i*

i HERALD OF A NEW DAY...

A day,of political progress... of scientific

achievement... of hope for new goals.

A great step forward is the development of life insurance, whereby provision can be made for one's own declining years—or for

loved ones who may be left in want.

t m\ imINSWKAII'61 PAST Salt Lake City, Utah