'LAST NUMBER OF VOL. III. PLEASE RENEW YOUR

SUBSCRIPTION AT ONCE.

is Intelligence. No. 12. VoL Ell. The Glory of God

IMPROVEMENTA

Organ of Young Men*s Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERALi BOARD.

Grant, F. j Business Hebkr Joseph Smith, \

) Managers. i HULL,J. wHJtr,r<!''"O"'Thos. ANDERSON, Edw. H.

OCTOBER. 1900.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

The Pioneer Monument Hon, Spencer Clawson 881

Learning to Sing Apostle Heber J. Grant 886

Whisperings of Nature. A. Poem J. M. Lauritzen 895

Helen Keller Sara Whalen 896 '.. Leslie's V/eekly 899 Always Tell Mother. A Poem

The Salmon River Mission II John V. Bluth 900

Is it the Dawn OF THE Millennium? /. H. Ward 914

The Point OF View. A Poem Major R. W. Young 918

''Thou Shalt Have No Other Gods Before Me."Lydia D. Alder 919

Friendship, Love and Truth. A Poem Elder H. W. Naisbitt 926

The Revolution In China III Dr. J. M. Tanner 927

Light, Truth and Love. A Poem L. L. Greene Richards 932

Are We Americans? ISlephi Anderson 933

Editor's Table: The Brigham Young Academy Exploring Expedition—Destruction

of Galveston—Lord Russell—How Are

You Going to Vote?—Anarchy—Airships

—Missouri Persecutions 937

Notes 949 In Lighter Mood 951 Our Work: Local Missionary Work—Y. M. M.

III. 1. A. Convention—Close of Vol.

Can a Teacher Ordain a Teacher?—The

Era Free 952 Events OF the Month Thomas Hull 957

SA.LT LAKE CITY:

214 AND 215 TEMPLEXON BLDO.

Published Monthly. $2. per Mnnum.

READ THE PROSPECTUS FOR VOL IV,

IN THIS NU3BER.

The Best Company is the Company THBi that does the Most Good. j

STATE THE MUTUSL LIFE OF NEW YORK opHas Paid to its Policy Holders over OTflHHeber J. Grant, Prest.

William B. Preston, Vice -Prest.

Hebbr M. Wells, Cashier. $515,000,000. r AS. S. BUBTON, AsBt. Cashier.

DIRECTORS: ebcr J. Grant, Chas. S. Burton,

B. Preston, PhiloT.Farnsworth WilliamFor Particulars Apply,,—Heber M. Wells, Smith, Joseph F.

A. WT Carlson, Isaac Barton,

RULON 5. WELLS, Byron Groo.

and MANAGING AGENT, ACCOUNTS SOLICITED

CORRESPONDENCE INVITED.

5-10 Commercial Block, Salt Lake City, Utah. Drafts Drawn on All Parts of the World.

Ieep IWoney at Home

SflSH, DOORS, By Insuring.- in the—

1I00LDI|IGS.

Garry

'"IMLIi WORK Youp. HOME

WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.

TflVliOt, FIRE o'GOmPflflY. UTAH

Office and Yards:

fl6D6r J. Grant & 60.,COR SOUTH TEMPLE AND SECOND WEST.

Salt Lake City. GENERAL AGENTS.

Telephone 267. "2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

(WHEN WRITING TO ADVKBTISBBS MB:NTI0> THE ERA.)

The iVew Manua For 1900=1901

Will be ready for distribution to the Associations by about August 15.

SEND IN YOUR ORDERS AT ONCE

So that you may have them in time to prepare the First Lesson for the First Meeting of the Ji Association. S

SEND ALL ORDERS TO

THOriAS HULL, Gen. Sec'y, Y. M. M. L A.

Price, 25 cents per copy.

*!K6r

FARM WftGON

Conceded by all farmers and teamsters to be tlie best and lightest ruauiag wagon on the market

Al work guaranteed strictly firstclass. The name STUDEBAKER stands for the BEST.

Studebaker Bros., Mfgf. Co.,

J57, J59 and \\ State Street, - SALT LAKE CITY.

(WHKN WRITING TO ADVBRTISKRS MKNTION THE RRA.)

NEWEST OAK STOVE BDILT NICKEL BASE AND CIRCULATING FLOE

POSITIVELY AIR TIGHT, AND HANDSOME ENOUGH FOR ANY PARLOR

60 OD. waoon

& MacniDB Go.

Utah and Idaho.

GEO, T. ODELL, Gen'I

rA5r EXPKES KKVKZ.

THE - - Ileal Yofk SoathamptoQ (p'.D

BaOinc WifiDNESDAT &t 10 a. m.AMERICAN

Btaraiais, Sirfi 81.TUIIDAYB, oalling at Chbbbodb*

Day. LINE Same

Philadelphia - Liverpool Sailing SATURDAYS.

Steamers of this errioa earrj onlj Beoond

Cabin and Steerage P—angera.

THE jjlemYorkRED STAR Mmerp LINE SaUing WEDNESDAYS at Noon.

BELQIUM.

One of Shortest, SWITZERLAND.

Cheapest, Best HOLLAND, Routes to THE RHINE.

FRANOE S ITALY.

liAVlGflTIOli GO., CH.O00, mt.IfllWmUh

W. O. SPENCE, Agent, BAI/T liAKE Cmr, UTAH.

(when writing to advertisers mention the era.)

fl fl liOW PlICE. GOOD ORGAfl AT

Realizing the fact that a great number of worthless organs are being sold in Utah by

Eastern firms who are flooding the country with circulars representing that their goods are first class, and offering all sorts of inducements, such as trade prices to customers, in order to introduce their goods and claiming that they do not sell to dealers, but to families direct, etc.; and in order to protect the

public against these misrepresentations, we have added to our stock an organ made by the Sterling Co., whose goods have been sold

by us in Utah for fifteen years, and have stood this trying climate and have always given entire satisfaction. The case of this

particular style is plain, but everything about the instrument is well made. The accompanying cut is a representation of the case, in either oak or walnut and we will make the price

$6S.OO.

This figure includes a stool and book. We

will say further that if anything should transpire that is in any way unsatisfactory we can be easily reached and matters adjusted. Send for Catalogues to

74 MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY.DAYNES MUSIC CO. Box J090.

EDWARD H. AJVDERSON,

Ogden, Utah. THE NEW

Il MANUAL ON THE DISPENSATION OF By Prof. L. D. Edwards. THE FULLNESS OF TIMES

*J*HE first edition of "UTAH IS OUR is most valuable compendium history HOME"is exhausted. A new lot and text book on Church

is now for sale. The music "takes"up to 1839.

well, is noisy, lively, patriotic. Try it. It contains many gems from First copies cost 25 cents. To make it

popular, the anthem is now sold for the history of the Prophet Joseph

Smith. 5 Cents Send orders to the copy, few or many. It will pay to

sing it. The bass is the author's best. THOS. HULL,

Send orders to 21415 Templeton Bik., Salt Lake City.

EDWARD H ANDERSON Price 25 c. each.

Box 362. Ogden, Utah.

(when writing to advertisers mention the er.-.)

ROYAL B. YOUNG, Pre8t. KSTABUSHED 1879. JOS. YOUNG, VicePrest.

CO.,YOUNG BROS.

Dealers in Domestic, New Home and Standard Sewing Macliines, Bicycles,

PIKNOS, ORCKNS.

Largest stock of Mosical Merchandise in Utah. Music Boxes, all

sizes, ail prices, from $1.25, $8.00, $12.00, $25.00, $45.00, $60.00, $75.00,

$90.00, $n 0.00 to $250.00 each. Wholesale and retail.

Agents wanted everywhere. Write for catalogue*

At Our Store if you wish to buy the best and the cheapest.

We carry the most complete stock of jt

Famiture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Curtains, Draperies,

Stoves, Tinware, Crockery, Etc,

TO BE pOUflD Ifl THH WH8T.

- - Salt Lake City. H- OlHWOODEY FORIIITUHE CO.,

SAVE YOUR MONEY, AND WHEN YOU GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COflPANY.

DIHEGTOHS.

Lorenzo Snow

President George Q. Cannon,

VicePresident.

George M. Cannon,

Cashier.

Joseph F. Smith,

Lorenzo Snow, Francis M. Lyman,

Heber J, Grant, Angus M. Cannon.

T. G Webber,

James Jack, H. B. Clawson,

George Reynolds, L. John Nuttall

1, 3 & 5 MAIN STREET. - - - SALT LAKE CITY UTAH.

(when writing TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.

FORVolume IV* J900J90h

HE November,"1900, number begins the fourth volume of the Improvement Era, the organ of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations of the Latterday Saints.

For three years it has disseminated the best productions by the best home writers. It begins its fourth year with

many friends. The support of the past is a sure indication

that the magazine is to become a permanent fixture among the Latterday Saints. Your help is solicited to this end.

ABOUT CONTROL AND OWNERSHIP.

The Era is controlled by the General Superintendency and

Board of Officers of Y. M. M. I. A., and is owned by the subscribers. It has no capital. It was started by the members of the Y.

M. M. I. A., who recognized the pressing necessity for an organ.

It has been loyally sustained by them in the past. It depends on

their loyalty, faith and good works for the future—for this volumeIt is not a moneymaking scheme. Every cent of profit is used in

the interest of mutual improvement among the young people of

Zion.

SMITH. L NELSON GDANT. MORRIS.

FREE TO MISSIONARIES.

For three years, through the liberality of special donors, and by the aid of Era subscribers, every missionary of The Church, in the whole world, has been supplied with free copies. Gospel doctrines in the Era. have been the means of converting numbers to

the teachings of the true Church of Christ. Thousands of copies

are circulated in the homes of every Englishspeaking country on the globe where missionaries of The Church labor; and in foreign

nations, messengers of the Gospel have translated into divers tongues, inspirations and truths from its pages. Every subscription,

besides returning full value to the subscriber, aids in the continuation of this important missionary work. That is a good reason

why every young man at home can afford to become an annual shareholder in the enterprise. It costs only $2.00.

AIM AND PURPOSE.

The Era is clean, accurate, readable, interesting; it aims to

awaken ideas, and to instigate investigation into the truths of the

Gospel. Its primary purpose is similar to that of the organization

it represents: To instil into the hearts of the young people a testimony of the truth, and the magnitude of the work of God; "to

aid them in developing the gifts within them, and in cultivating a knowledge and an application of the eternal principles of the great science of life."It aims also to educate and interest in history,

science and the arts, and to keep its readers posted on the great leading current events of the world. It is the organ of the Improvement Associations, and as such contains all the official instructions of their leaders, the class methods, and the newest and

best thought of their officers everywhere; and the foremost ideas

on the conduct, government and advancement of the Y. M. M. I. A.

It is, therefore, indispensable to officers, of great value to students of the Gospel, and of interest to every reader of good literature.

RICH. \A/IDTSOE. COWLEY WHITNEY.

SOME SPECIAL FEATURES OF VOLUME IV.

series of articles on this important subject has Training A been outlined by leading Church educators; its and Equipment of divisions and subdivisions will be treated by experienced elders, mission presidents and expresidents, Missionaries.

in a way both practical and plain. These papers will

be eagerly sought by the student, by the prospective missionary, by the messengers in the field, and will serve as unequalled supplemental reading for young men taking the missionary course in the Church colleges and academies. These papers alone will be

worth the subscription price.

There will be lull page portraits of the Governors Governors of Utah Utah, with accompanying short biographical sketches. This will serve as a new and interesting

lineament to the magazine, lending added historical importance.

Popular One of the best scientists in the United States will

Science contribute several pages monthly on popular, agriPaCes. cultural and current scientific themes, popularized

and simplified so that they will be of thrilling interest to the boys and the young men.

Current Storv Competent contributors will condense into pithy of the World paragraphs, accompanied by appropriate comment, the world's most striking events as they transpire.

Several pages of these will be presented monthly to the readers of the Era.

Experience of the past has demonstrated that Questions and Answers demand for a department devoted to the answer of proper questions. The aim will be to make

this department fully supply the demand.

THE REGULAR DEPARTMENTS.

The essay department will contain, as heretofore, the

Essays. best thought of leading home writers on doctrinal topics, on historical, religious, social, literary and scientific ihemes;

and on current state, national and foreign affairs, as well as upon

WOODPUFF. SLOAN. ROBERTS. WOOD.

subjects that inspire the young to good and successful lives and careers. Suitable stories will also appear from time to time.

Editors'department, the editors will pay special attention to religious topics, and to subjects that have a Tablc tendency to inspire young men to noble lives and useful careers in Church and State.

Qyp The aim will be to make this department indispen-

I. A. workers, officers and members, to Work. sable to M.

bring it in complete touch with the associations, by discussing methods, by advising concerning difficulties; and by

presenting the best practical ideas relating to the more perfect conduct of the associations and the better advancement of their members. Leading superintendents, presidents, and other practical

workers will contribute to this department.

PARTIAL LIST OF CONTRIBUTORS.

Hon. B. H. Roberts. Apostle Heber J. Grant. Dr. J. M. Tanner.

Prof. J. H. Paul. Dr. James E. Talmage. George Reynolds.

Orson F. Whitney. John Nicholson. Prof. Richard R. Lyman.

Prof. John A. Widtsoe. Major Richard W. Young. Attewall Woottou.

Apostle A. O. Woodrufi. Apostle Mathias F. Cowley. Henry W. Naisbitt.

Dr. Geo. H. Brimhall. Prof Willard Done. Prof. N. L. Nelson.

Apostle Francis M.Lyman.Nephi L. Morris. Nephi Anderson.

W. O. Lee. John V. Bluth. Prof. Mosi&h Hall.

Prof. Douglas M. Todd. Pres. W. W. Cluft. Prof. Levi Edgar Young,

Thomas Hull. Alfred Osmond. J. M. Sjodahl.

Prof. Jos. F. Merrill. C. W. Penrose. James H. Anderson.

Andrew Jenson. Joseph W. McMurrin. Apostle Anthon H.Lund.

Sarah E. Pearson. Sara Whalen. Walter J. Sloan.

Edwin F. Parry. J. H. Ward. Lydia D. Alder.

L. L. Greene Richards. Dr. Seymour B. Voung. Christian A. Madsen.

Sophy Valentine. W. H. Chamberlin. Prof.BryantS. Hinckley.

Prof. Wm. H. Jones. Junius F. Wells. Dr. M. H. Hardy.

J. G. Kimball. Ben. E. Rich.

REYNOLDS. LUND. SJODAHL.

A WORD TO YOU.

After all these considerations, will you interest yourself to help the Era? It is a good thing in Zion. Every young man should

consider it his magazine, and do his part. How? By himself becoming a subscriber, and by also obtaining the svibscription of a

friend. Will you do that much? We will be glad to enroll you as

a companion with us, and a helper.

As a highclass advertising medium, the Era is unAbout surpassed in the intermountain region. Advertisers

Advertising who have patronized it from the beginning consider it THE BEST. It reaches all the better class of citizens in the

mountain states and territories—the active, bright, upto-date young

men—the men who do the business, the families who buy. Space

open only to reputable business and reliable firms.

AGENTS OF THE ERA.

By virtue of his office, every president of an association is an agent of the Era. It is his duty with the help of his counselors

and aids to see that his ward is thoroughly canvassed, and that his membership generally become subscribers. Stake officers are requested to supervise the labors of ward officers in this matter.

Every officer is expected to subscribe and to help in getting at least one other subscriber.

TERMS AND GUARANTEE.

The former pledges to their patrons, subscribers and adverDONE. LEE. CLUFR TALMAOE.

YOUNG. MADSEN. HALL.

tisers, kept by the publishers without exception in the past three years are renewed for Vol. IV. The Era will be issued promptly

on the first of every month; it will be sent only to subscribers paying in advance. We do a strictly cash business. The price of the

magazine is |2.oo per annum strictly in advance.

THE MANUAL.

A copy of the current class manual, price 25 cents, is given to all subscribers free. The manual is a continuation of last season's

work, treating on "The Dispensation of the Fullness of Times."

It deals with the history of The Church from the settlement of

Nauvoo to the time of the exodus. Six lessons in it are devoted

to important doctrines promulgated by the Prophet Joseph Smith in Nauvoo. It has one hundred and fiftyfour pages of outlines

and notes which are choice, copious, well arranged, carefully selected and edited. It should be in the hands of every member,

IvORENzo Snow, General Superintendent.

Joseph F. Smith, )

Heber J. Grant, [-Assistants.

B. H. Roberts, )

BOARD OF AIDS.

Francis M. Lvman. Douglas M. Todd.

John Henry Smith. Nephi D. Morris.

Mathias F. Cowley. Willard Done.

Abraham O. Woodruff. LeRoy C. Snow.

J. Golden Kimball. Frank Y. Taylor.

Junius F. Wells. RuDGER Clawson.

Milton H. Hardy. RuLON S. Wells.

Rodney C. Badger. Joseph W. McMurrin.

George H. Brimhall. Reed Smoot.

Edward H. Anderson. Bryant S. Hinckley.

MosE? W. Taylor.

Thomas Hull, Secretary and Treasurer.

Evan Stephens, Music Director.

H. S. Ensign, Assistant Music Director.

E<lited by Joseph F. Smith and Edward H. Anderson

Business Management by Heber J. Grant and Thomas Hull, Salt Lake City, Utah.

TANNER. TODD. PENROSE. YOUNG

WHAT THEY SAY.

Here are a few testimonials culled from recent current correspondence. They speak in highest praise of the value of our magazine:

The Era—the missionaries'best triend.—/. Z. Stewart, Jr.,

Logan, Cache Co., Utah.

The Era should be in every home. It is a credit to the

Mutual Improvement organization. O. M. Mower, Springville,

Utah Co., Utah.

I consider the Improvement Era a precious treasure, containing the finest thoughts and principles for old and young, for

Saints as well as nonmembers ot The Church. Elisabeth G. Barney, Cedar City, Irofi Co., Utah.

The Era is much appreciated. It furnishes the elders with valuable material to place before our friends who are investigating the

truth. It was a happy and generous thought that suggested free

copies to the missionaries. It will return to bless the The Church

with souls brought from darkness into light.—im. J. Snow,

Brooklyn, New York.

I deem the Era an excellent magazine. N. Tanner, Jr.,

Ogden, Utah.

Saints, investigators and friends are all interested in its contents. The Era is a great aid in the dissemination of the word of

God, and bears silent, yet forcible testimonies to the message of life and salvation, and opens the way for more extended investigations of the great latterday work—C A. Hardy, Washington,

D. C.

I will do my best to get all my family to read the beautiful truths contained therein.—/. E. J. Knop, Moroni, Sanpete Co,,

Utah.

I am well pleased with the 'ERA.-oseph F. Wright, Nephi,

Jicah Co., Utah.

Its subjects are well chosen. I am pleased with the magazine.

Jos. Orton, St., George.

The Era is full of good things.... No better magazine

is published in Utah.—Tooele Transcript, Aug. 3, igoo.

Those who read it say there is no other magazine as good. E.

F. Taylor, Fruitland, San Juan Co., New Mexico.

We read the Era regularly and with deep interest.—W. Hasler,

Missionary, Germany.

NAISBITT. BLUTH. LYMAN. PAUL

May success continue to attend your labors. I heartily endorse

the contents of the 'Era.—Pres. F. A. Hammond, Moab, Grand

Co., Utah.

I think the Era a fine magazine. AIvin Allen, Mount Pleasant,

Mich.

I am heartily in accord with the aims and objects of the Bra,

It is accomplishing a vast amount of good, and should be patronized by every family in Zion. Pres. IV. IV. Cltcff, Coalville,

Summit Co., Utah.

There are ideas in the Era, and where read there will be ideas of it. It should be, by the vigilance of the elders, in every

reading room into which it can be placed. Millennial Star,

/uly 12, igoo.

I think the Era the best of its class ever published. If the

young people would just study it each month, it would be an everlasting benefit to \.\yva..—Maud M. Cook, Syracuse, Davis Co.,

Utah.

Success to the Era. Every missionary realizes the good this

splendid magazine is doing.—/. W. Lesueur, Bristol, Etigland.

The Era is looked eagerly for in the mission field, where it is also much appreciated. I pray for its even greater success in the

inivLx&.—Lydia D. Alder, English Misstoriary.

Your periodical, February, 1900, number, was given me by

Elder Harmer—at this time I did not appreciate the gift, for I did

not realize how freighted it was with select material. I read it

through and feel benefited by each article.... 'Your Improvement Era seems considerably in advance of many of our

popular magazines—speaking as I do from even a prejudiced standomt.—Sara G. Warner, Terre Haute, hidiana.

PA PRY. WOOTTON. ALDER. JONES.

Vol. III. OCTOBER. 1900. No 12.

THE PIONEER MONUMENT.

ERECTED IN SALT LAKE CITY IN HONOR OF BRIGHAM

YOUNG AND THE PIONEERS.

BY HON. SPENCER CLAWSON, A MEMBER OF THE COMMITTEE ON ORGANIZATION.

The monument erected in honor of Brigham Young and the pioneers is a subject of common interest to thousands of the people of the intermountain region, and especially to those who have contributed so liberally to its erection.

The great fame of the pioneer, statesman and man of God, will always rest securely in the hearts of his people, where the foundations are laid in love and reverence for his memory, and in admiration for the work which he accomplished. No monument

of bronze is needed, therefore, to perpetuate the memory of President Brigham Young. The state in all its various enterprises, the

cities in the development of their growth, the towns in their location, the irrigation system which is the wonder of the civilized world, all bear the impress of his genius, but the statue, and the fig--

882 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ures representing the Indian, the trapper, the pioneer—will stand

as an outward memento of respect for many ages in the centre of the principal city, the foundations of which were laid by his dexterous hand. It is fitting that a brief record of its history should

be written, that future generations may know the motive that actuated the builders. I, therefore, trust that the facts following

will be of public interest.

In December, 1891, a committee on organization was appointed by President Wilford Woodruff and his counselors, who called together and appointed the following officers of the Pioneer

Monument Association:

James Sharp, president; Willard Young, vicepresident; Heber

M. Wells, secretary; Elias A. Smith, treasurer; with an advisory

committee, consisting of Presidents Wilford Woodruff and George

Q. Cannon and Joseph F. Smith; who, with the following subcommittees, took the work in hand

On Organization.—Franklin S. Richards, Susie Y. Gates, Nelson A. Empey, George M. Cannon, Brigham F. Grant, Frank Y.

Taylor, James Sharp, Spencer Clawson, Elias A. Smith.

Executive.—David H. Cannon, Heber M. Wells, John Clark,

Le Grand Young, Willard Young, Nettile Young Easton, Charles

S. Burton.

Riter, Francis Armstrong, James H. On Statue.—William W.

Moyle, John W. Young, Thomas G. Webber, Heber Young, Leonard

G. Hardy.

On Location.—Hiram S. Young, Andrew Kimball, Orson F.

Whitney, Thomas W. Jennings.

On April 15, 1891, the Association issued an address to the people announcing its object, and soliciting contributions to start the work, also announcing that the design for the monument would be given to Mr. C. E. Dallin, a native of Utah who had attained an

enviable reputation as a sculptor in the art centers of Europe.

The selection proved a wise one, as the finished work will show, although the artist's original design was not carried out in detail.

The sub -committees at once went to work with energy, and those in charge of the statue, with Willard Young as chairman, after considerable deliberation, accepted the design as the work now stands, with the exception that the original idea was that the

THE PIONEER MOMUMENT. 883

main shaft should be cut from native marble, and the figure of the pioneer cut in relief out of the stone, in place of the bronze basrelief, as it now stands. The bronze figure of President Young

was then cast by the Henry Bonnard Bronze Company, of New

York, and was placed upon a temporary pedestal in front of the

Utah building at the World's Columbian Exposition, Chicago, in 1893; later it was placed within the Temple walls, where it remained until it was finally put in its present position.

The selection of a site was a difficult matter. The committee,

with Thomas G. Webber, chairman, had under consideration one in

front of the future capitol buildings, on north State Street, and another at the entrance of Liberty Park, but they finally recommended to the Association a site within the southeast corner of the Temple Square, and the grass plot within the temple wall was removed for the purpose; derricks were placed in position to remove the cap from the stone wall, in order to give free view from

the street, when, upon the suggestion of President George Q. Cannon, who urged that the achievements of President Young and the

pioneers rendered it more fitting that the monument to their memory should be in a more public place—it was decided that the

monument should be built at the intersection of East and South

Temple streets, and the city council deeded to the association a plot of ground twentyfive feet by twentyfive feet, for that purpose.

The labor of collecting the necessary funds was somewhat delayed until the First Presidency of The Church issued a strong address to the presidents of stakes and bishops of wards, asking for contributions, and apportioning certain amounts to the several stakes of Zion, as follows:

Alberta stake, $210.00; Bannock,* $122.40; Bear Lake,

$1,050.00; Beaver, $350.00; Bingham,* $525.00; Box Elder,*

$805.00; Cassia, $350.00; Cache, $3,561.65; Davis, $1,155.00

Emery,$420.00; Fremont, $595.00; Joseppa,* $47.00; Juab,$595.00

Juarez,* $329.00;Kanab, $350.00; Malad, $350.00; Millard $455.00

Maricopa, *$299.55; Morgan, $280.00; Oneida, $888.95; Panguitch

$420.00; Parowan, $455.00; Pocatello, $243.65; Salt Lake, $8,400

San Juan, $210.00; Sanpete, $1,750.00; San Louis,* $280.00

Sevier, $840.00; Snowflake,* $366.05; Star Valley,* $245.00; St'.

884 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

George, $1,190.00; St. Johns,* $350.00; St. Joseph,* $280.00;

Summit and Woodruff, $420.00; Tooele,* $490.00; Uintah, $280.00;

Utah, $3,500.00; Wayne,* $287.85; Wasatch,* $420.50; Weber,

$1,750.00; Eastern States Mission,* $163.80; Northwestern States

Mission,* $44.50.

The fiftieth anniversary of the arrival of the pioneers, viz:

July 24, 1897, was the occasion best suited for a revival of the lagging interest in the monument. The SemiCentennial Commission were naturally anxious that the monument should be unveiled

during the celebration, and, with the help of President Woodruff, who advanced eight thousand dollars, the contract for the granite work was let to Watson Brothers on the sixth day of June, 1897;

and, aided by the remarkable energy of Mr. Joseph Silver, then

superintendent, the monument was completed July 20, 1897, the cornerstone having been laid by Hon. Brigham Young, son of

President Young, with appropriate ceremonies on the first day of

July that year.

The celebration of the fiftieth pioneer anniversary was a great event in our local history. Five days were devoted to the celebration, and more than sixty thousand dollars were expended by

the SemiCentennial Committee which had it in charge. The ceremony of unveiling the monument was the opening feature of the

first day, July 20, when President Woodruff, in the presence of four hundred pioneers and many thousands of people, drew the cord which released the flag, and unveiled to the gaze of the multitude, amid the booming of cannon, the ringing of bells, music, and the huzzas of the people, the monument in honor of the Pioneers.

Those who beheld the spectacle will never forget the thrill of joy they experienced on that occasion. The city was in holiday

attire, and all her people, regardless of party politics or religion, vied with each other to do honor to the surviving pioneers who had been made the special guests of the occasion.

The basrelief of the Pioneer Group and the figures of the

Indian and the Trapper were not placed in position until July 24, 1900. At that time, notable ceremonies were held, in which Presi-

* The stakes indicated by a star are those which have fully paid their apportionment.

THE PIONEER MONUMENT. 885

dent George Q. Cannon made an able address, and the sculptor,

Mr. C. E. Dallin, spoke of his work in connection with the monument, Miss Margaret Young, a greatgranddaughter of President

Brigham Young, unveiling the figures.

There remains yet to be built a granite coping, in harmony with the finished work, to replace the temporary wooden rail that now encloses the monument. This will be done as soon as sufiicient funds are contributed.

The monument has cost to date $34,897.08, of which Mr. Dallin, the sculptor, has received for his part of the work, in full,

$25,750. There has been collected from subscriptions to date,

$26,897.08, and the Trusteein-trust has assumed $8,000 of the

association's obligations. The cost of the permanent coping is

estimated at two thousand dollars, leaving a balance of about ten thousand dollars yet to be collected by popular subscription.

It is hoped that the present prosperous times will suggest to the public that they come forward without delay to complete this magnificent work erected to signalize the memory of the founders of the State.

LEARNING TO SING.

A PRACTICAL EXAMPLE—WITH ILLUSTRATIONS ON THE

VALUE OF MUSIC.

BY APOSTLE HEBER J. GRANT.

When I first commenced to write for the Era, it was my intention to become a frequent contributor, but during the past few months, I have neglected writing for the reason that my spare time has been devoted to practicing singing.

Believing there are quite a number who have never sung, who perhaps would be benefited by reading an account of my efforts, and who might be encouraged thereby in learning to sing, I have decided to give my experience to the readers of the Era.

My mother tried to teach me when a small child to sing, but failed because of my inability to carry a tune. Upon joining a

singing class taught by Professor Charles J. Thomas, he tried and

tried in vain to teach me when ten years of age to run the scale or carry a simple tune, and finally gave up in despair. He said

that I could never, in this world, learn to sing. Perhaps he

thought I might learn the divine art in another world. Ever

since this attempt, I have frequently tried to sing when riding alone many miles from anyone who might hear me, but on such occasions could never succeed in carrying the tune of one of our familiar hymns for a single verse, and quite frequently not for a single line.

When about twentyfive years of age, I had my character

LEARNING TO SING. 887

read by Professor Sims, the renowned physiognomist, and he informed me that I could sing, but added, "I would like to be at least forty miles away while you are doing it."

Nearly ten months ago, while listening to Brother Horace S.

Ensign sing, I remarked that I would gladly give two or three months of my spare time if by so doing it would result in my being able to sing one or two hymns. He answered that any person

could learn to sing who had a reasonably good voice, and who possessed perseverance, and was willing to do plenty of practicing.

My response was that I had an abundance of voice, and considerable perseverance. He was in my employ at the time, and I

jokingly remarked that while he had not been hired as a music teacher, however, right now I would take my first music lesson of two hours upon the hymn, "0 My Father."Much to my surprise,

at the end of four or five days, I was able to sing this hymn with

Brother Ensign without any mistakes. At the end of two weeks, I

could sing it alone, with the exception of being a little flat on some of the high notes. My ear not being cultivated musically,

did not detect this, and the only way I knew of it was by having

Brother Ensign and other friends tell me of the error.

One of the leading Church oflScials, upon hearing me sing, when I first started to practice, remarked that my singing reminded him very much of the late Apostle Orson Pratt's poetry.

He said Brother Pratt wrote only one piece of poetry, and this looked like it had been sawed out of boards, and sawed off straight.

Once, while practicing Ringing in Brother Ensign's office in the Templeton Building, (his rooms are next to a Dentist's) some of the students of the Latterday Saints'College who were in the hall, remarked that it sounded like somebody was having his teeth pulled.

One would think that the following item from a letter from one of my nearest and most intimate friends would be very discouraging, but, like the uncomplimentary remarks above referred to, it only increases my determination to learn to sing. Referring

to my daughter, he says: "I see Lutie is making quite a name as a

don't think, though, that this fact need encourage yousinger;—I

to try to become the George Goddard of The Church. I admit that

your point is a good one, i. e., if you can learn to sing, nothing

888 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that success ultimately need discourage anybody—but the fact

must be reached by traveling along the borderland of ridicule, makes the task a difficult and delicate one, particularly for an apostle, who, unlike the ordinary musical crank, cannot afford to cultivate his thorax at the expense of his reputation as a man of judgment."One Sunday, at the close of a meeting in the Thirteenth Ward, upon telling Professor Charles J. Thomas that Brother Ensign

informed me that I could sing, he said: "Didn't you tell him I said

no?"I answered, "Yes."He said, "Why you can't even run the

scale."I said, "I am aware of that fact, having tried for half an

hour this morning and failed."My voice at ten years of age,

must have made a very deep impression upon Brother Thomas, seeing that he had remembered it for thirtythree years. Noticing

that he seemed quite skeptical, I asked him to walk over with me into the corner of the building, so as not to disturb the people who had not yet left the meetinghouse, when I sang to him in a low voice, "God Moves in a Mysterious Way."At the close he

said: "That's all right."

At the end of two or three months, I was able to sing not only, "0 My Father,"but "God Moves in a Mysterious Way,""Come,

Come, Ye Saints,"and two or three other hymns. Shortly after

this, while taking a trip south, I sang one or more hymns in each of the Arizona stakes, and in Juarez, Mexico. Upon my return to

Salt Lake City, I attempted to sing "0 My Father,"in the big

Tabernacle, hoping to give an object lesson to the young people, and to encourage them to learn to sing. I made a failure, getting

off the key in nearly every verse, and instead of my effort encouraging the young people, I fear that it tended to discourage them.

When first starting to practice, if some person would join in and sing base, tenor or alto, I could not carry the tune. Neither

could I sing, if anyone accompanied me on the piano or organ, as the variety of sounds confused me.

I am pleased to be able to say that I can now sing with piano or organ accompaniment, and can also sing the lead in "God Moves in a Mysterious Way,"in a duet, a trio or quartet. I have learned

quite a number of songs, and have been assured by Brother Ensign, and several others well versed in music, to whom I have sung

LEARNING TO SING. 889

within the past few weeks, that I succeeded without making a mistake in a single note, which I fear would not be the case, were the attempt to be made in public. However, I intend to continue

trying to sing the hymn, "0 My Father,"in the Assembly Hall or big Tabernacle until such time as I can sing it without an error.

How did I succeed so far? Brother Ensign adopted the plan

of having me sing a line over and over again, trying to imitate his voice. He kept this up until the line was learned and could be

"pronounced musically,"on the same principle as learning the sound of a word. The child may be taught to pronounce correctly

the word "incomprehensibility,"notwithstanding the length, even if the child does not understand the phonetic sounds. I learned to

sing upon the same principle, starting, figuratively speaking, in the eighth grade, with not even a knowledge of the contents of the primary. It required a vast amount of practice to learn, and my

first hymn was sung many hundreds of times before I succeeded in getting it right.

Upon my recent trip to Arizona, I asked Elders Rudger Clawson and J. Golden Kimball if they had any objections to my singing one hundred hymns that day. They took it as a joke, and

assured me that they would be delighted. We were on the way

from Holbrook to St. Johns, a distance of about sixty miles. After

if I sang the I had sung about forty times, they assured me that remaining sixty they would be sure to have nervous prostration.

I paid no attention whatever to their appeal, but held them to their bargain and sang the full one hundred. One hundred and

fifteen songs in one day and four hundred in four days, is the largest amount of practicing I ever did.

Today, my musical deafness is disappearing, and by sitting down to a piano and playing the lead notes, I can learn a song in

I first commenced less than onetenth the time required when in my caseto practice. Where a person has a low voice—as

he should ask some kind friend, who understands music, to transpose his songs to a lower key. It is impossible for me to

sing a majority of our hymns in the keys in which they are written in our Psalmody. The above points are mentioned for the special

benefit of my musically deaf friends who desire to be cured, and 890 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

are willing to do a goodly amount of hard work in order to accomplish that very pleasant result.

There is nothing more pleasing to me in connection with our religion class work, than the fact that the children are being taught to sing some of our familiar hymns, first learning all the words and then to sing without an accompaniment. In this way, where the

Saints do not have an organ or piano in their homes, such households will not be deprived of the privilege of praising the Lord in the songs of Zion. At the recent annual officers'meeting of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations held in the Templeton Building, I asked permission of President Smith to lead the singing for a couple of the hymns, and was assured afterwards that no errors were made. Permission to lead the singing was

asked simply to give an object lesson to those, present, and with the hope of encouraging them one and all to learn to sing. The

Lord tells us to seek knowledge by study and also by faith. "By

constant effort and by faith, I believe that we are entitled to the blessings of the Lord, to learn to offer prayers to him in an acceptable manner in the songs of Zion. We know that people

who are blind, by practicing, their fingers become so sensitive that they can read with them by the use of raised letters. By

practice, the ear of a person which is not musical, will become more sensitive; as an illustration: I have learned the different

letters on the piano, and partially play my own accompaniment, using but one finger, striking the lead notes.

When I first started to do this, quite frequently, I would sing one note and strike another, and did not know the difference.

Today my ear detects a mistake of this kind, showing very plainly that my "musical deafness"is gradually disappearing.

President Brigham Young once remarked, that the Spirit of the Lord would do more to convert people than the eloquence of man. The same is true of singing. It is not always the ability

that a missionary has to sing in a creditable and entertaining way that will aid him most in his missionary work; but on the contrary, if he can sing some of our beautiful hymns with the spirit

in which they were written, he will be able to carry conviction to the hearts of his hearers as to the truths of the Gospel. As an

example of this: Elders J. Golden Kimball and Charles A. Welch,

LEARNING TO SING. 891

neither of whom claim to sing well, while on a mission in the

Southern States, were about to baptize some converts; a mob had

assembled, and the brethren were given to understand that if they carried oat their intentions of baptizing that the mob would throw them into the river. The brethren determined to go ahead no

matter what the result might be. Before doing so, however, they

sang a song. The song seemed to have such an effect upon the

mob that they were almost transfixed. The brethren proceeded

with their baptisms, and then went some distance to attend to confirming the baptized. A message came from the mob asking

them to come and sing that song again, and the request was complied with. The leader of the mob, Joseph Jarvis, afterwards

joined The Church, and he stated to Elder Kimball that the sentiments of the hymn, and the inspiration attending the singing, as above related, converted him to the Gospel. Brother Kimball's

recollection is that the hymn was "Truth Reflects Upon Our

Senses."* Another incident related by Brother Kimball will be interesting to the Era readers. Calling at a home while in the Southern

States, the people informed him and his associates that they were from Missouri, and immediately commenced making attacks upon the "Mormon"people. Brother Kimball and his companions energetically defended our people, refuting many of the slanders

which were advanced. The arguments became quite heated, when

the head of the house said, "Daughter, play us a piece, and sing us a song to drive the evil spirit away."After some music and

singing, he remarked to Brother Kimball that he believed they could now proceed with their argument with a much better spirit.

Elder Kimball assures me that he has never forgotten this incident, and that it was a lesson to him which has ever since been of great value.

An incident is related in connection with the late President

John Taylor, which shows the power of song. Some brethren

called on him, one of them having a grievance against the other, and manifesting quite a vindictive spirit. Brother Taylor agreed

*See page 269, L. D. S. Hymn Book.

892 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to listen to their case, but remarked that before doing so, he thought it might be well to sing a song. After singing one song,

he suggested that they have another, and followed this up by singing several more. The result was that during the singing of

the last song, the brother who had made the charge was melted to tears, and asked the forgiveness of the brother whom he had made complaint against, and President Taylor was not called upon to hear the story of their differences.

The late George Goddard has touched my heart many times while singing the songs of Zion, and talking to our Sunday School children upon the beautiful sentiments which they contain.

There is nothing more pleasing and inspiring than music in the home, and since I learned to sing, we generally have a hymn at our house each morning before family prayer. There certainly is a

delightful influence which attends the singing of the songs of Zion, and it is my opinion that the Saints should make singing part of their family worship. The Lord says in a revelation given to

Emma Smith, the wife of the Prophet, (Section twentyfive. Doctrine

and Covenants): "For my soul delighteth in the song of the heart,

yea, the song of the righteous is a prayer unto me, and it shall be answered with a blessing upon their heads."

My soul has always delighted in listening to singing, having been passionately fond of it all my life, and I am delighted to be able today to pray unto the Lord "in the songs of the heart."It

is my opinion that if we will all remember the words of the Lord, that the song of the righteous is a prayer unto him, and shall be answered with a blessing upon our heads, and will frequently supplicate our Heavenly Father in the sweet songs of Zion, earnestly and honestly echoing in our hearts the sentiments of our beautiful hymns, that we are bound to have the promised blessings, which I urge upon the Saints to try and obtain.

The two hymns which I most desired to learn were: "God

Moves in a Mysterious Way,"and "0 My Father."Nearly every

reader of the Era is familiar with them, but I will quote the latter: my Father, Thou that dwellest In the high and glorious place!

When shall I regain Thy presence.

And again behold Thy face?

LEARNING TO SING. 893

In Thy holy habitation, Did my spirit once reside?

In my first primeval childhood,

Was I nurtured near Thy side?

For a wise and glorious purpose

Thou hast placed me here on earth.

And withheld the recollection Of my former friends and birth.

Yet ofttimes a secret something

Whispered, "You're a stranger here;"

And I felt that I had wandered

From a more exalted sphere.

I had learned to call Thee Father,

Through Thy Spirit from on high;

But, until the Key of Knowledge

Was restored, I knew not why.

In the heavens, are parents single?

No; the thought makes reason stare!

Truth is reason; truth eternal

Tells me, I've a mother there.

When I leave this frail existence,

When I lay this mortal by, Father, Mother, may I meet you

In your royal courts on high?

Then, at length, when I've completed

All you sent me forth to do, With your mutual approbation Let me come and dwell with you.

The hymn, "God Moves in a Mysterious Way"was the late in the TemPresident Wilford Woodruff's favorite—and was sung

ple at the weekly meetings of the presidency and apostles, more than any other hymn. Quite frequently it would be sung every

week for a month, and upon more than one occasion I have noticed tears in the eyes of President Woodruff during the singing of this hymn. At President Woodruff's home, at social gatherings, my

experience was that almost invariably he would request those present to sing:

God moves in a mysterious way.

His wonders to perform.

894 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

This hymn certainly is a beautiful prayer, and one if offered from the heart to the Lord, as we all know it was by President Woodruff, cannot help but be answered with a blessing upon our heads. One reason for my desiring to learn the hymn, "0

My Father,"is because it was written by inspiration. I know from

my own experience that Eliza R, Snow was a prophetess, and that

God did bless and inspire her. When I was a child she promised

me by the gift of tongues, the interpretation being given by Sister

Zina D. Young, that I should be chosen to be one of the leading

men in The Church. Today, I remember the promise very distinctly,

but it passed from my mind and was forgotten until after I was chosen as one of the apostles in the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints. There were a number of sisters who always

took an interest in me as a child, and gave me much very good advice, but from none of them did I receive more kindly advice, all of which if followed would be calculated to assist me in becoming a noble man, than from Sister Eliza R. Snow. Recalling her

interest in me, and the above prophecy uttered by her and its fulfillment, I often wished that it were possible for me to sing her beautiful hymn, "0 My Father,"and I can assure the readers of the Era that it is a source of genuine pleasure to me now to be able to sing this and other hymns. I am confident that

the hymns of Zion, when sung with the proper spirit, bring a peaceful and heavenly influence into our homes, and also aid in preaching the Gospel of Jesus Christ. I recommend to the youth of Zion,

that they go to work with determination and learn to sing; particularly is this recommendation made to the young men, because,

next to a familiarity with the scriptures, the ability to sing will assist them when they are called to the nations of the earth to preach the Gospel. It will insure them many a friend, furnish them

many a meal and bed, which they would otherwise go without.

Some will say, "Oh, I can never learn to sing, for the oftener

I practice, the farther I get away, because I am simply learning to sing the song incorrectly."I suggest to such that they practice

only in the presence of someone who understands singing, until they can fix perfectly a given tune in their minds, and then they can practice it alone. If there is an instrument in the house, I

suggest that they learn to partially accompany themselves by

LEARNING TO SING. 895

playing the lead part of each piece; this can be learned in a very

few hours, and, while it will be somewhat slow at first, like learning to manipulate a typewriter, it will soon become very easy. Of

course, I would recommend, instead of a partial accompaniment, or playing but one note at a time, that the young people learn to play upon the organ or piano, but where a person is between forty and fifty years of age, as in my case, and his time is fully occupied, it might not be worth while to take the time to learn instrumental music.

I say to ''our boys,"I have learned to sing; you can do the

same; will you make the effort?

WHISPERINGS OF NATURE.

Standing on Norway's snowclad island hills,

Viewing her icy peaks and crystal fjords;

Her pineclad slopes and laughing babbling brooks

And peaceful hamlets, 'neath the forest shade.

Sweet nature seems to beckon me to say:

"Come join with me, rejoice, and be made glad,

Bask in the light, of my eternal day;

Inhale the breezes of my northern clime,

And sip the nectar that my bosom yields;

Sit in the shadow of my ancient pines,

And view thy image in my crystal lakes;

Stand on the shore and view the mighty deep

Where vikings sailed their fearless barks of old.

And when at length thy feet shall fail and tire.

And eyes grow weary with the wondrous sight,

Go seek repose upon some mossy bank,

And dream the dream of childhood and of love.

Securely sleep, for thou art not alone,

A mighty sentinel shall guard thy couch

The midnight sun, with rich and mellow light,

Shall banish every dark and evil power.

J. M. Lauritzen.

Tromso, Norway, July, 1899.

HELEN KELLER.

BY MISS SARAH WHALEN, TEACHER IN THE UTAH STATE SCHOOL

FOR THE BLIND, OGDEN.

"Mute, sightless visitant;

From what uncharted world Has voyaged into life's wide sea

With guidance scant?

As if some bark mysteriously Should hither glide with spars aslant—EdmundAnd sails allClarencefurled!"Stedman's "Ode to Helen Keller."

While seated in my schoolroom one day in the Perkins Institution for the Blind, in Boston, Mr. Anagnos, the director, entered

to inform me that he had just received a letter from a Mr. Keller,

of Alabama, desiring a teacher for his little daughter, who was deaf, dumb and blind. That was our first introduction to Helen,

who has since made herself so famous. Many thousands of people

know the story of her wonderful achievements.

Mr. Anagnos, at the time, stated to me that he would send for

Miss Annie Sullivan, who was partially blind, and who had formerly been a student at the Perkins school, to come there to study the methods pursued by Dr. Samuel G. Howe in his training of Laura

Bridgman, and then send her south to educate Helen.

In a few days. Miss Sullivan came, and the work of preparation

commenced. With a Godspeed she was sent on her southern

journey to begin the task of opening the darkened mind to the light. Letters which recorded each day's doings of the little girl,

came fast to Mr. Anagnos. Very scholarly himself, he would frequently, in his replies, introduce a Greek, French or German word which

HELEN KELLER. 897

would be used by Helen in her subsequent letters. The latter could

not be called properly anything but notes, and very short ones at that, since they often consisted of one short sentence, which Helen was able to compose. No doubt the desire to acquire foreign languages was instilled into her mind by the introduction occasionally

of a foreign word into the letters sent to her.

When Helen had been under instruction about one year, she sent the following letter to Mr. Dwight, of Boston. It was written in printed letters, very well shaped and clearly legible

TuscuMBiA, Alabama, May 26, 1889.

My Dear Mr. Dwight:

Your little friend Helen was delighted to receive your letter. Yesterday I went to another picnic with my little friends. We sat in the

shade which the great trees made for us and ate our dinner. The little

birds sang sweetly all day. I think they were glad to see the little boys

and girls so happy. There was a gentle breeze and it was very fragrant,

for the woods was full of the delicate wild flowers. We gathered some

of them to take home to our friends.

I am sorry Mr. Anagnos is going so far away. But he says he will

write to me from Rome, Paris, Athens, and many other beautiful cities, and when I am old enough I shall travel myself. My little friend Eva

has come to stay with me while my dear teacher goes home to rest, I shall miss her greatly, but I must not cry, for that would make teacher unhappy. I should like very much to go to Boston with her, but I cannot. So I will write to her every day.

I wish you were here to eat some of the delicious strawberries and raspberries. Mildred and I would pick the nicest berries for you. The

magnolias are in bloom now, and the air is sweet with their perfume.

Teacher and mother send you their love. Sister sends a sweet kiss,

and I send many.

Helen A. Keller.

Only one error occurred in the original letter, which is printed without the slightest alteration.

The desire to acquire knowledge, as evinced by Miss Sullivan's account of her, was very great in spite of almost insuperable obstacles. She would put to blush many a person possessed of all

his senses, by her prodigious effort. Think of a person, deprived

of the three great gateways of knowledge, crowding information 898 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

and skill past the two inferior ones, the gates of smell and feeling:.

Is it not enough to make any one of us stop to consider how much more we have? How many more talents and how much more the

Lord will expect of us?

Helen through the masterful efforts of her teacher, acquired a knowledge of the English branches, which are usually taught in the common schools. Her teacher was her constant companion, bringing to her by the one great approach, the sense of touch, knowledge of things material and immaterial, and Helen, ever alert, was

ready to receive this knowledge as it was telegraphed to her mind through the finger tips, and ready to telegraph back by the same route her comprehension of it. Did this not mean effort and arduous

mental labor? Truly it did. And as if it were not enough that

Helen should acquire the commonschool branches,*the acquisition of which usually satisfies the craving of thousands of girls and boys, she, soaring upon the wings of the morning, traveled through the depths of the higher branches, entered a preparatory school with

Miss Sullivan as guide and mentor, and her efforts have finally reached the point of taking the entrance examination to Harvard

University. This she passed with credit, and nothing daunted is

now eager to pursue a university course.

This great feat of hers ought to be an incentive to many young men and women in possession of all their faculties, to put forth greater effort on their part to outstrip her in the race, and not have it said that one so hopelessly hampered as she, was able to outrank them.

Shame on young men and young women, 'who would hesitate for one moment to dare to do as much at least as Helen

Keller.

In all her short life, she is now about nineteen years old, there has been no word of complaint or murmuring against her lot, no sitting down with hands idly folded, waiting to eat the bread of idleness, which might be fed to her. On the contrary her hands

have been in ceaseless activity, else she would not have been able to accomplish her task. Her motto seems to have been

"Don't fret, dear heart, but work."

Helen, with all her other accomplishments, has been able to

HELEN KELLER. 899

acquire speech and the reading of another's lips by the sense of touch.

Let no one think for one moment, that she has been urged to great effort, borne onward by the spur of praise or fame, for such is not the case. She is eager, as so many afflicted ones are, to do,

to improve, to show the world what can be accomplished by welldirected effort. Miss Sullivan is no less a shining example of this

than her brilliant pupil.

Many deprived of the sense of sight, battling against strong odds, have been able to accomplish great things, and to show to those more favored what may be accomplished by their less fortunate brothers and sisters.

The statement has recently been made that instructors of the afflicted classes will be appealed to, in order to show instructors of the more favored classes, how the work of accomplishing such good results has been done. By that means, the afflicted ones become shining lights to the community, and possibly thereby fulfill

their mission. For that they have a mission on this earth is true,

and in God's own time it will be made known.

ALWAYS TELL MOTHER.

Take mother's hand when temptations entice;

Ask her for counsel; seek mother's advice.

Always tell mother. In mother confide;

Foster no secrets from mother to hide.

Train your thoughts nobly, nor let your lips speak

Words that would kindle a blush on her cheek.

Mother stands ready her aid to impart.

Open to mother the door of your heart.

Always tell mother. Your joys let her share;

Lift from her shoulders their burdens of care;

Brighten her pathway; be gentle and kind;

Strengthen the ties of affection that bind.

Tell her you love her; look up in her face;

Tell her no other can take mother's—Lesliesplace. Weekly

THE SALMON RIVER MISSION,

AN ACCOUNT OF ITS ORIGIN, PURPOSE, GROWTH AND

ABANDONMENT.

BY JOHN V. BLUTH, CLERK OF THE WEBER STAKE OF ZION.

II.

Notwithstanding the danger foreshadowed by the news of the approaching army, brought during the celebration of the tenth anniversary of the entrance of the Pioneers into Salt Lake

Valley, President Young was true to his promise to strengthen the

Salmon River mission. A number of brethren and sisters were

called, in the fall of 1857, to go on a mission to Salmon River.

Most of these were called from around Farmington, though some of them had their residence in Ogden.

The company, when organized, consisted of fortythree brethren and fifteen sisters, and a number of children, so far as the number can be ascertained at present writing. Of these,

twentysix had already spent a portion of their time at the mission, and thirtytwo were going there for the first time.

The twentysix who were already acquainted with Salmon

River are named as follows:

Thomas Smith, president of the company; David Moore and

his wife, Susan and daughter, Lousia; P. G. Taylor and wife,

JaneN.; Francillo Durfee and wife; I. J. Clark, wife and son;

Charles Dalton and wife; H. V. Shurtliff and wife, Alcemina;

THE SALMON RIVER MISSION. 901

Chauncey Hadlock, Richard Margetts, George McBride, Milton D.

Hammond, Clifton S. Browning, Ezra Barnard, Baldwin H. Watts,

Thomas Day, Thomas Carlos, Amos Wright, interpreter, and

William Batchelor.

The new members of the mission who left their homes for

Salmon River for the first time are as follows:

J. L. Dalton, son of Charles Dalton named above; James Wilcox; Eliza Jane Hadlock, wife of Chauncey Hadlock; Oliver Robinson, James Miller, Charles F. Middleton, Henry Smith and wife;

Jesse Smith and wife; William Smith and wife; William Marler,

Frederick A. Miller, Reuben Collett, Fountain Welsh, Orson Rose,

Andrew Quigley, William Parry and wife; William Taylor, Levi

Taylor, James Allred, Martin H. Harris, Jonathan Bowen and wife;

Joseph Bowen, Stephen Ghean and wife; Henry Harmon and wife;

and James McBride.

While a large number of brethren were sent to Echo Canyon to aid in stopping the invading army, this company started for the north, in October of 1857. Those who lived in Weber County

departed October 3, 1857, and were joined by other contingents until camp was struck some ten miles after crossing the Bear

River, where President Smith arrived in camp, and where the party became fully organized for the trip. This company made

the journey in several days shorter time than the pioneers of this mission had done, and of course did not suffer the same hardships, having better knowledge of the route, and the best camping places. Fort Hall was reached on the 13th of the month, a number of Shoshones having been fed on the way. Fort Loran was

also reached on the evening of this day. In the morning, the

camp awoke to find the fort burning, and, although there was strong suspicion as to who was the incendiary, the guilty party was never apprehended.

On the 16th, they crossed Snake River and followed it past

Market Lake, where they met Abraham Zundel and S. Collett on

their way home. At this point. President Smith and two other

brethren left the party to go ahead and apprise the mission of the coming of the new force. In another week, the party reached

the headwaters of Salmon River, being met by a number of the "boys"from the fort who had come out to help them in. Fort

902 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Limhi was reached on the 27th of October, the twentyfifth day of their journey.

Arrangements were at once entered into for building a new fort some four or five miles below Limhi, thereby increasing the acreage and the strength of the colony, and also giving more room for the new arrivals. A number of log houses were erected

somewhat on the plan of those at the upper fort, though more scattered. Milton D. Hammond was appointed president of this

little community. Everything went along peacefully and all were

taking hold of the needed work to prepare for winter. On

November 28, President Smith and L. W. Shurtliff started with

the mail for Salt Lake City, but were compelled to return, arriving on the 11th of December and reporting that the snow was too deep and that they had found it impracticable to cross. They got

as far as Eagle Rock where the snow was twentytwo inches deep with a hard crust that would bear the men but not their animals.

During the night, the Indians sought to secure their horses which were hobbled near by, but failed through the vigilance of a little dog that had insisted on accompanying them from the fort. The next

morning Brother Shurtliff tramped seven miles through the snow to get the animals which had wandered that far towards home.

That day they returned. In the meantime, on December 3, lots

had been drawn for the land at the lower fort, which was thus equitably distributed among the people, while the threshing which had been continued at the upper fort all the fall, was completed by the middle of the month.

The threshing was done by oxen. The ground was cleared in

a circle of perhaps twenty to thirty feet in diameter, and the grain laid lengthwise along the edge of this circle, about six sheaves wide. The center of the ring was left bare. Five or six

yoke of oxen were then fastened together, one yoke after the other, forming a circle, while the driver occupied the center of this circle; driving them thus in a continuous round, the grain

was thoroughly tramped out, after which the straw was pitched away while the chaff and grain was pushed into the center of the ring. The edge was again filled with fresh sheaves and the process repeated again and again until a large stack of chaff and

grain occupied the center of the ring. The threshing done, each

THE SALMON RIVER MISSION. 903

party had to await his turn with the fanning mill which had been constructed at the mission, and which moved from place to place until all the grain had been cleaned. This cleaning occupied all

of the winter, right up to the time of the abandonment of the mission.

Up to the time of completing the threshing, no trouble had occurred with the Indians. Their continual contact with the

mountaineers, however, who in their turn drank in hatred and prejudice by visiting the camps of the approaching army, served to lessen the friendship heretofore shown to the missionaries by the red men. Notable among these mountaineers was a man named

John W. Powell, who always associated with the unfriendly Indians; in fact, dressed and painted himself as they did, and was

one of them in all their deviltry. To him the brethren attributed

much of the illfeeling that arose, and which finally ended in bloodshed and the loss of the mission. This man was not wholly

bad, however, for when he saw the evil he had invoked would not cease with the stealing of cattle or burning of stacks, but would end in murder, and that he was powerless to stay the work of destruction he had incited, he sent warning to the mission that they might be prepared to resist. The missionaries were also

placed in the delicate position of attempting to maintain friendship with Indian tribes who were at enmity with each other.

Their friendship to the Nez Perces was a cause of irritation, if not downright offense, to the Bannocks and Shoshones, although they in turn were receiving the same kind treatment given the firstnamed.

Onthe 21st day of December, forty lodges of Shoshones arrived at the Fort, and from that time the relations between the mission and the Indians grew more strained. These Shoshones

were treated kindly and were fed by the mission, departing next day. They had evidently made a raid on the Nez Perces prior to

their arrival, for, on the 26th, a band of the Nez Perces arrived on a hunt for stolen horses. They were also hunting for one of

their chiefs who had been absent from them on some peacemis- sion longer than they thought was necessary, and they feared he had met with foul play. They had sworn that they would neither

at nor drink until they found him, so their joy was great to find 904 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

him receiving the hospitality of the missionaries at the fort.

They were well treated, boiled wheat being served to them, and room was made for them in the various log houses of the fort for the night. The missionaries gave them the privilege of placing

their animals in the fort corrall. This kindness proved a help to

the Nez Perces but an offense to the neighboring Bannocks, who, as was afterwards learned, had planned a raid that same night on the horses of the Nez Perces, but who were balked in their attempt by finding them enclosed in the fort corrall. The following

day, a contention arose between the Nez Perces and the Bannocks over horses driven away in a former raid, a Shoshone Indian riding into camp with one of the stolen horses. This trouble was

smoothed over, and the Indians became quite friendly, smoked the pipe of peace, and the Nez Perces departed next day in apparently good spirits. Their peace smoke, however, was but a cover for

treachery, for that night they returned and stole some fifty or sixty Shoshone and Bannock horses, at least so the Shoshones reported, though some of the brethren firmly believed that this was a false report in order to have an excuse for war. These

had not been placed in the corrall, the privilege not having been asked by the Indians. Thus, to have their attempt on the Nez

Perces'horses frustrated through being corralled, and their own horses stolen (so they alleged) by the tribe thus befriended through their not being corralled, roused the ire of the Shoshones and Bannocks. Two days later, the Indians sought to persuade

the wife of E. Barnard, an Indian woman whom he had recently

married, to depart with them, and on her declining to go, they sought to take her by force. They failed in their attempt at this

time, but accomplished it shortly afterwards.

On January 13, 1858, six brethren, in charge of P. G. Taylor,,

of Ogden, were sent out to the herd which was guarded some miles away, as the Indians had threatened to steal some of the cattle. On their arrival, they found that one or two head were

already gone. They started in pursuit, and after a hot chase of

twenty miles overtook the Indians and found them in possession of the meat from one of the stolen oxen, the carcass having been found some eight miles back. They demanded and brought away

with them a horse as pay for the slaughtered cattle, though this

THE SALMON RIVER MISSION. 905

action was censured by those who understood Indian nature. It

simply meant that their own horses would be taken whenever opportunity offered.

For nearly a month, nothing of any noU occurred, the brethren continuing their wheat cleaning, in their turn, and in the performance of their daily routine of labor, having but little warning of the tragedy approaching the now fairly prosperous mission. That the brethren had made friends by their conduct

was evidenced by the action of John Owens, Indian Agent in Bitter

Root Valley, in the Flathead country. A man named B. F. Fickland, a volunteer officer in Johnston's army, was seeking recruita

among the mountaineers for an onslaught on the fort to carry off the cattle and sell them to the army. When Owens heard of

this, he sought out the leaders of some thirty mountaineers who were about to volunteer, and persuaded them to abandon their project by showing the good that the mission was accomplishing among the Indians. This was shown in his correspondence with

David Moore, clerk of the mission. On the 7th day of February,

a large band of Shoshones arrived at the fort on their way to fight the Nez Perces. They demanded to be fed and housed,

which demand was complied with. It w5s with considerable

relief that the mission witnessed their departure the following day. Two days later an Indian stole Colonel Smith's horse and

escaped. A company was sent out, and, after considerable danger

and labor, recovered the animal, having had to travel some eighty miles eastward in accomplishing this purpose, and using the best of judgment and precaution in order to get safely back. Seeing

the necessity of taking more precaution than had been done heretofore, the families in the lower settlement were moved up to the fort on February 11, though the brethren continued their labors in hauling wood and timber and improving their homes.

On the 24th, word was hastily brought from John Powell that the Indians were talking of burning the stacks and stealing the horses and cattle. President Smith sensed the dangerous position in which the mission was placed; still, there was but little

apprehension that the Indians would do more than attempt to carry off some of the cattle, and the necessary precautions werenot taken.

-906 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

February 25, 1858, however, proved that the plans of the

Indians were of a more murderous nature, and all hopes of averting the threatened danger were dispelled. At 9 o'clock in the

morning, while Clifton S. Browning and C. F. Middleton were

cleaning wheat, the latter saw the Indians moving at a gallop towards the herd, grazing some two miles off, guarded by three brethren, Andrew Quigley, Orson Rose and Fountain Welsh. The

Indians were first observed by David Moore and Charles Dalton, who were at work cleaning the mill race from ice, in order to start the grist mill running. The alarm was at once given by

Elder Moore; and ten men were immediately dispatched in charge

of William Taylor to aid the herders in keeping the cattle from stampeding. George McBride came tearing into the fort in

great excitement, armed himself, jumped on his horse, and was riding out, loufly declaring what he would do to the Indians, when David Moore hailed him, and ordered him to proceed with the party of ten who had been sent out. It should be stated in

passing that a military organization had been effected at the fort, by General Wells, during the visit of President Young and party, of which Thomas Smith was colonel and David Moore, first lieutenant. As Colonel Smith had ridden off that morning in

company with E. Barnard, the command devolved on Lieutenant

Moore, and McBride therefore obeyed the order and joined the party.

The Indians reached the herd first, and began driving off the cattle. Fountain Welsh was rounding them up and trying to

keep them together, never for a moment thinking the Indians would resort to murder. He was completely taken by surprise

when they began shooting; and before he could escape, he was

shot in the small of the back and fell while running away. When

the Indians came up to him and lifted his head by the hair, he thought his scalp was gone, and it was all he could do to prevent betraying himself. He feigned death so well, even when the

Indians stripped him and applied a whip to his body to see if life remained, that they rode off thinking him dead, and without scalping him, as they considered him a coward who was fleeing at the time of his death. When Andrew Quigley saw Welsh fall, he ran

Tip a little mountain but was shot through the shoulder as he

THE SALMON RIVER MISSION. 907

reached the top, and fell. One of the Indians broke a hole in his

skull with a gun barrel, and left him for dead. Orson Rose, the

third herder, dropped into the heavy sagebrush, at the sound of firing. Here the Indians could not pass with their horses, and,

while they riddled the brush with a hail of bullets Rose escaped unhurt. He lay close until evening when he made his way to

the fort.

When the party of ten reached the knoll, George McBride was sent ahead to ascertain the state of affairs, so the party would know how to act. On reaching the top, he waved his hat around

his head a few times, a veritable challenge, uttered a yell, and rode down among the Indians where he immediately met his death, being shot through the arms and body. The party followed him,

but on finding Welsh, who in a weak voice called to them as they were passing, they stopped, picked him up and with him returned to the fort.

Colonel Smith and E. Barnard had gotten about eight miles

away from the fort when they noticed the actions of the Indians, and immediately set out on their return, their fears that something was amiss being verified when they heard the shooting. They

were met by the Indians who were driving off the herd down the river, and were shot at. One ball passed through the colonel's

hat, another grazed his arm, and a third cut his suspender, and struck his horse in the head. The animal reared and threw off

Colonel Smith, who lost his revolver and hat in the fall, but the horse was caught by E. Barnard who aided the colonel in remounting, and both made good their escape. Upon arrival at the fort,

the wounded horse, it was learned, had splashed blood all over the colonel, and it was feared that he was badly injured, but examition showed but a slight wound in the arm. The Indians drove off

the entire herd, consisting of two hundred and thirtyfive cattle and thirtyone ponies.

As the Indians passed down the river with the cattle, the brethren who were at the lower settlement, moving and working, encountered them, and several narrow escapes were the result, while one of the brethren was killed. H. V. Shurtliff, Oliver

Robinson, James Miller and Reuben Collett were working together when the Indians came upon them and began firing. Miller was

908 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

shot through the body from side to side, as had been McBride, and was killed. Shurtliff and Robinson were directly in range of a

bullet which passed through the former's arm, struck the latter in the hand, went through and hit him in the leg, the bullet lodging in his clothing. They at once made a run for the brush near the

river where they separated. Shurtliff stole along in the water

under the edge of a bank, step by step towards the fort, suffering keenly from his wounded arm. He had a dog with him who followed his course up the river. At times, when the brush was

thick and the dog found difficulty in following his master, he gave vent to a snappy bark or yelp. Time and again Shurtliff was on

the point of calling the dog to him and put an end to his life lest the noise should betray him, but each time he was spared. He

passed two Indians stationed on a cliff above, but succeeded in eluding their vigilance and in reaching the fort in safety. Collett,

who was loading wood at the time of the attack, whipped up his cattle, throwing the wood off as they went at a stampede speed, and made good his escape.

Not knowing the fate that had befallen McBride, Quigley,

Miller and two or three other brethren who were missing, a company started out to search for them. They found McBride killed

where he had been shot off his horse on the other side of the knoll.

He had been scalped and stripped. They at once returned to the

fort with the body. Another party, among whom were F. A. Miller, Amos Wright and P. G. Taylor, were sent out to hunt for Quigley. Miller and Wright, having found seventeen head of cattle,

started with them for the fort while the others continued their search for Quigley. He was found a mile from where McBride's

body was discovered, shot, and his head badly crushed in by the blow from the gun barrel!. He was carefully placed on a litter

improvised from the shirts which the searchers doffed, and was taken to the fort where the wounded were given such attention as the primitive condition of the mission could afford. At dark,

another company started down the river to hunt for three of the brethren who were still missing. They failed to find them, but

Henry Harmon and James Wilcox returned during the night unhurt. That night six men were stationed as guards, though it was

held that there was but little danger of the fort being attacked..

THE SALMON RIVER MISSION. 909

Fourteen head of cov/s and young cattle, which had gotten away from the Indians, returned during the night.

After a night of anxiety and watching, a third attempt was made to secure a report of the missing brother, James Miller. A

company went down the river on the morning of the 26th, and finally found Miller's body, which had been completely stripped.

For the next two weeks, the brethren spent almost all their time in building bastions, strengthening the fort, digging holes in which to cache their wheat and other provisions, and in standing guard, relieving each other every four hours; those called to this

duty devoted eight out of every twentyfour hours to this work.

The labor of superintending the guard and seeing to the wounded, was placed on D. Moore, first lieutenant, in fact all the

military work and the orotection of the fort. On the 27th, a couple

of Indians were seen circling around as if reconnoitering, but otherwise nothing occurred.

On the 28th of February, President Smith called the brethren together and laid the situation before them, asking them for their counsel as to what was the wisest thing to do. Many were discouraged and desirous of abandoning the mission and going home.

Others felt that it was their duty to remain until released by President Young, After considerable discussion, it was finally decided to remain, but to send a dispatch to President Young and apprise him of the situation. It was thought to be a very hazardous mission, but all promised that if chosen they would perform the duty,

and notify the president, should they be able to push their way through. E. Barnard and B. H. Watts were chosen to carry this

dispatch. The greatest secrecy had to be maintained in order to

get them safely from the fort, two squaws, friendly to the Indians, being present through whom their intentions might easily be divulged; this was particularly feared, as these squaws had made

several attempts to get away. The horses were taken to the corrall and shod, provisions were made up, and the dispatch was sewn

in the lining of the coat of one of the messengers. When they

departed in the night, they followed the east bank of the river a short way from the fort, and then crossed to the west where there was less likelihood of meeting the Indians. To the anxious listeners at the fort, it seemed as if the footfalls of the horses on the

910 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

stones must surely be heard by the hostile Indians, whose keenhearing was proverbial, and thus bring disaster and perhaps death to the two brave men who were risking their lives to save the mission. The noise, however, died away in the distance without the

messengers having been disturbed, and the inmates of the fort settled down to await the results, hoping for their success, and in;

the meantime taking all precaution and increasing their defensive strength.

Thus two weeks passed away awaiting news. On March 1,

Margetts, the blacksmith, with the assistance of D. Moore, began

the construction of a howitzer. It was made of iron staves bound

together by wagontire bands. This was to be used in defense of

the fort. The friendly Indians, who since the tragedy had settled

near the fort, showed much curiosity as to its carrying power, and its destructiveness when fired. The missionaries did not scruple in

their wonderful description of this gun, and there is no doubt that the hostiles obtained some information of the "big gun,"and what it would do, and that it had some weight in preventing an attack.

It was love's labor lost, however, for the first time it was fired it disappeared. Not a piece the weight of a pound could be found.

Fortunately no one was injured by the bursting of the gun, the precaution having been taken of firing it from the inside of a log, bastion. On this day the fort was organized into companies of tens,

to water and feed the cattle which remained, one company relieving another at stated intervals.

March 4, was fast day, and the'fast meeting which had been regularly held at the mission was also held this day, partly in the house, partly outside on watch for the Indians. At this time, those

of the Indians who had been baptized, but who had apostatized or had taken a hand in the robbery and murders which had occurred

February 25, were cut off from The Church. Elder Moore states

that all of the Indians baptized, unless it were one, were excommunicated, as they all had a hand in the trouble.

By this time, the Indians were beginning to show sings of making a compromise, or were shamming peaceful intentions, in order to complete their murderous work. On the 5th of March,

three Indians, among them "Old Dad,"who had been the herder at the mission, came into the fort as delegates of the Shoshone chiefs,,

THE SALMON RIVER MISSION. 911

and said they wanted to make peace, and were willing to bring back the cattle they had in their possession. They said they had only

about thirty head, as the Bannocks had carried off the remainder as well as all the horses. Colonel Smith ordered them to be fed

and cared for, and they departed promising to bring the cattle the next day. It was not until March 8 that they redeemed their

promise, when they brought back twentyeight cattle, reiterating the statement that the rest had been taken by the Bannocks, with whom they had had a quarrel, during which a Shoshone squaw had been killed. On the 11th, they brought up eight more cattle which,

they said, had been found since the 9th, but it was afterwardslearned that they were in possession of still more cattle and some horses, so that it was certain that their new friendship was not of a very deep nature. Particularly did this become apparent on word

being brought of threats by the Indians to come up to the fort and shoot the guards. Up to the 21st of March, the brethren continued to work on the defenses of the fort, cleaning wheat and

caching it; also in standing guard and in repairing their wagons

should the word come to abandon the mission.

That the mountaineers and the agents from Johnston's army were to some extent responsible for the murderous work at Fort

Limhi, may be inferred from the statement afterwards made by the

Indians that a majority of the stolen cattle was at once driven to the array for food, and exchanged for such articles as the Indians desired.

In the meantime Barnard and Watts had made the best of their way to Salt Lake. Barnard was lame, but he was one

of the most experit need mountaineers and guides at that time..

The snow was deep, and it was exceedingly cold. This trip

was not only dangerous in the extreme because of the hostility of the Indians, but full of hardships and suffering, because of the cold weather and the precaution they had to take to avoid falling into the hands of hostiles. One of their horses grew lame. Barnard

rode the sound horse, and Watts led the lame one, trudging on through the snow. This accident delayed them so that their provisions gave out, and for fortyeight hours they were entirely without food. At last they reached Barnard's fort on the headwaters

of the Malad, where they secured fresh horses and food, and made- 2 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

such good time that two days later they arrived in Salt Lake City.

Immediately on receipt of the news, President Young ordered out

Colonel Thomas Cunningham with about one hundred mounted men and twenty wagons, with needed provisions, in order to help and escort the missionaries back to their homes. A company of fifty,

under Captain Haight, also started from Farmington, though under

Cunningham's command. An express of ten men was sent ahead

to notify the mission of the approach of the relief expedition, and on the twentyfirst of March, Sunday, this express rode into the fort, bringing the joyful news of help, in addition to letters from home. They had a narrow escape while coming down the canyon,

at the head of Little Salmon River. The Indians were guarding

the pass, and the express could see the sentinel fires along the road.

A short consultation was held, and it was decided to run the gauntlet rather than turn back. Putting spurs to their horses, they

passed the guardfires while the sentinel, excited and taken by surprise, shouted to the camp in an attempt to rouse his companions.

The express could hear the noise and shouting, but passed out of hearing and into safety as fast as their horses could carry them.

Two days later, March 23, the company of mounted men arrived. Then there was joy and thanksgiving beyond description.

The intense strain to which the brethren and their families had been put for a month past, was removed, and everywhere were signs of the relief brought by the expedition sent out by President Young, whose instructions were to abandon the mission and come home. The

express of ten men immediately set out on their return to Salt Lake

City,carrying with them the mail from the fort. Among this express

were: B.F. Cummings, George W. Hill, Gilbert Belnap, Bailey Lake,

Sylvanus Collett, John Galliher and E. Barnard, the last named having returned to Limhi with the express. On nearing the Bannock

range, while passing through the narrows on Bannock Creek, near

Cedar Point, they were ambushed by the Indians, and Bailey Lake was shot and killed. The other members of the express succeeded

in making their way through.

The day after the arrival of the relief expedition, a number of the Shoshones came in and had a peace smoke, and remained at the fort over night. The next day, a company of eighty men went

down the river eight or ten miles and gathered up a few of the

THE SALMON RIVER MISSION. 913

cattle and colts that remained. Captain Haight's company of fifty

arrived at the fort this day, March 25. The next two or three days

were occupied in preparations to leave for home, and on Sunday,

March 28, Fort Limhi was formally abandoned and left in the hands of the Indians. That day the company traveled fourteen miles and

camped. The deep snow made travel very difficult. In many places

the lariats had to be fastened to the wagons and the men had to aid the cattle in pulling through, but the party had plenty of provisions and were well prepared for the journey, so they suffered but little. They passed Blackfoot April 5, and on the 7th found a

note from Colonel Cunningham who had left them two days before to go ahead with a number of his men. The note was dated April

5, and informed them that he had found the body of Bailey Lake, scalped; also one horse and a mule dead; also a saddle and

leggings owned by B. H. Watts, abandoned on his trip to Salt Lake

with the dispatch for President Young. This was the first news

the party received of the returning express and the tragedy that had occurred.

The mission arrived in Ogden April 11, 1858, at 3 p. m. Two

births had occurred on the way, one of them to Elder Harmon's wife. The returning missionaries found their homes presenting a

desolate appearance. All the way down, they saw the homes

empty, and not until Box Elder was reached did they learn from one of the "detail"what was the trouble. Twothirds of the people

had already packed up and gone south. The "move"was in full

progress to escape Johnston's army, and nothing was left the missionaries to do but to continue their journey, none knew where.

Three days of rest, and, on April 15, most of them were again on the way south.

Thus ended the Salmon River Mission. The effort to civilize

the Indians and better their condition had been frustrated, and three of those who had only sought their welfare had been murdered. Years after, the land fell into other hands, and a government reservation was established some little distance above this

point, and now appears on the maps as "Fort Lemhi,"and "Lemhi

Valley Indian Reservation."

IS IT THE DAWN OF THE MILLENNIUM?

BY J. H. WARD.

A few weeks ago, Paris enjoyed one of those gala days of which she is so very fond, and of which she manages to have a much larger number than is alloted to the other capitals of the world. She opened then her International Exhibition, amid

a display that was as gorgeous as the speeches were eloquent. In

that exhibit of the achievements of the nations in the arts and sciences. President Loubet recognized the dawn of a larger peace

on earth, and a more widespread good will than had ever before been known among men.

Perhaps many a person smiled when they heard or read that speech; or, if in a bad humor, they may have used some strong

language against a president of a republic predicting peace and good will when the vast military forces of his own country were engaged in active war preparations, and when the shadows of warclouds are darkening the skies of most of the nations represented in that exposition.

Perhaps others recognized in the sentiments of President

Loubet a similarity to those expressed by Louis Napoleon at the exposition of 1867, which Victor Hugo eulogized as the precursor of the "United States of Europe,"with Paris as the capital, which in turn was to be succeeded by an "Empire of all Humanity."Yet

all this was not able to keep back the ominous warclouds which were then already pressing forward, and which, three years later, hurled the emperor from his throne, and inundated France with the blood of thousands of her youth and manhood.

IS IT THE DAWN OF THE MILLENNIUM? 915

Perhaps there are those still living who heard similar sentiments uttered at the opening of the first international exhibition at the Crystal Palace, London, in 1851. They remember how that

exhibition had been proclaimed, as "a modern temple of Janus, in which the nations of the earth had met to celebrate the inauguration of an era of perpetual peace."But they also rembember that

that era of perpetual peace never outlived its inauguration. The

following year saw England, allied with France and Turkey, engage with Russia in the bloody Crimean War, lasting four long and cruel years, followed, as more or less remote consequences, by ten or twelve other wars which brought innumerable sufferings to millions of unoffending people.

Others may recognize that the sentiments expressed by President Loubet very much resemble the language used at the opening of the great world's fair at Chicago, in 1893. That was called the

"World's Peace Jubilee."Those gigantic edifices were white

"temples of peace"showing by their exhibits, their congresses and conferences, held beneath their shadow, that men had begun to beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruninghooks. It seemed to be a prophecy that nation would no longer

lift up sword against nation, nor learn war any more. It was a

beautiful dream; but it vanished with the destruction of the buildings. Five years later our nation was at war with Spain, out of

which it passed into the conflict with the Filipinos.

And yet, though some people smiled, and others were indignant, at the words of President Loubet, still there are many who make his words a subject of profound thought. When, in spite of

the frequent wars, we perceive such thoughts forcing themselves to the lips of the leaders of men,*it is time for us to ponder these words, and appreciate their meaning. It is time to believe that,

even though wars still rage, there will yet be goodwill among the peoples. And what is better still, it is time to believe that, though

bullets still hiss, and cannon still roar, the fulfillment of the prophecy has already begun.

Take, for instance, the present widespread indignation because of the war against the Boers. With but few exceptions,

the whole civilized world sympathizes profoundly with that handful of brave people. Why all this pity? Why all these protests?

916 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

Who are the Boers? Are they not a mere peasant tribe in far

away South Africa? What has that unlettered, narrow and fanatical people ever contributed to civilization? Why all this indignation at England, the mighty England that has contributed to

freedom her Magna Charta, that has crowned literature with her

Shakespeare, law with her Blackstone, science and philosophy with her Darwin and Spencer? Is this bitterness the world's gratitude

for the blessings she has showered upon it? No! It is the world's

condemnation of war. It is the world's declaration that, much as

it values contributions to letters and arts and sciences, there is something that it values infinitely higher, and that is justice.

This is something new. It is one of the glimmerings of the

dawn of universal peace. It is the beginning of an international

morality that shall yet flower and fruit into a Brotherhood of Man.

There was a time when a great power like England could have gone to war with an insignificant people like the Boers, and the affair would scarcely have been noticed. In fact, other mighty

nations might have helped as a neighborly act, in order that they might receive help in turn when they wished to swallow up some other petty nation. But this is changing. The calm voice of

justice is heard above the wild yell of brute force. Nations are

realizing that beside Krupp guns and Lyddite batteries, they must have a mighty armament of right and justice on their side, if they

civilizedwould win the highest prize of all—the approval of the

world.

Let us look at another example nearer home. Without going

into discussion regarding the war in the Philippines, or whether or not our cause is justified, the remarkable fact remains, that the interest of a halfsavage people, thousands of miles away, so concerns many of our own loyal and cultured people as to arouse them to public opposition and fierce denunciation. What is the cause of

all this? Have these persons suffered any material loss by this

warfare? No. Have any of their relatives or personal friends

been killed or wounded in this war? No. Are the Filipinos of

their race or religion? No. Why then are these persons so

hostile against the course our government is pursuing? It is

evidently their fears that under the glamor of glory, injustice may be done; a conviction that a halfnaked, halfsavage people thousands

IS IT THE DAWN OF THE MILLENNIUM? 917

of miles away, is as much entitled to right and justice as our most cultured neighbor. To my mind, there is in this the sign and

token that the era of peace and good will has commenced to dawn.

Another case may be mentioned to show the change in social

Dreyfus case. What an interest the cruel fate ofmorality—the

that French Captain awakened throughout the civilized world!

What an outcry it aroused! What sympathies it awakened! What

agitations it started! And who was this Dreyfus? An obscure

captain who had never done anything to attract the attention or gratitude of the world; a Jew, one of those people for whom the

world has not had any too much love, for whom it has often had very much of oppression and persecution and cruelty. Why such

a mighty change in the case of Dreyfus? Because the world is

awakening to higher ideas of right and justice. It was not for

Dreyfus, the Frenchman, or Dreyfus, the Jew, that it cared. It

was Dreyfus, the man, who awoke the world's sympathies. It saw

a human being wronged, condemned unheard, sentenced for life, on the charge of one of the blackest crimes, to one of the most cruel of punishments, without his guilt ever having been proved.

Its indignation was aroused. From every civilized nation arose

the clamor for a fair hearing, for a just trial. Even though the

prisoner was an obscure captain, even though his accusers were among the great ones of earth. And the clamor increased until it

shook the very foundations of France, until it opened the cell in which the prisoner had been kept confined for years, until it him free. It was the voicesecured for him a new trial and—set

of humanity demanding right for their fellowman. Verily the

era of good will has commenced to dawn.

We might speak of the affairs of China, and the commotion that is going on in that vast empire. No one will excuse the

murders that have been committed, or try to palliate the atrocities that a horde of barbarians have inflicted upon helpless and unoffending people. What is it, then, that prevents a terrible venis it, then,geance from being wreaked upon the perpetrators? Why

that the vast armies of the allied powers remain comparatively inactive? Is it not because the civilized nations, who have sent

those armies there, are not entirely convinced that all the wrong918 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

doing was on China's side? Whatever the outcome of this commotion, it may be safely predicted that no war of revenge will be

allowed. The voice of humanity will not permit it. Diplomacy

will take the place of the roar of carnage. Reason will modify

the demands of brute force, and the rights of man and our relations to China will be better understood than in the times past.

Surely, this is a sign of the dawning of a better day:

"It breaks, it comes, the misty shadows fly,

A rosy radiance gleams along the sky.

The mountain tops reflect it calm and clear,

The vale is yet in shade, but day is near."

THE POINT OF VIEW.

BY MAJOR RICHARD W. YOUNG.

"Your faith is lustreless with years,"

The sceptic urged—"forsooth;

Its precepts vain, its hopes all fears.

When scanned by light of truth.

"Like yon cathedral's window old.

Beneath the sun's stern gaze.

Design it lacks, its colors cold,

Should this evoke your praise?"

And he of faith with faith replied:

"Come, shift the point of view.

Beholding that with skill denied

No longer false but true."

i They knock; the willing portals yield,

vision of beauty rare! ']

Transformed the window's glorious field, }

Transfigured, Christ is there.

''THOU SHALT HAVE NO OTHER GODS

BEFORE ME/'

BY LYDIA D. ALDER, ENGLISH MISSIONARY.

Generations have been born, have lived and passed away, since

Moses, the great lawgiver, announced to Israel God's first commandment, "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."No penalty is attached to it, if broken; no reward, if observed. Still,

both are in evidence to the understanding of the human mind; for

reward or penalty surely follows its observance or disregard.

Amidst the thunderings of Sinai it was given to a people freed but yesterday from bondage, by the power of the Omnipotent who for that deliverance declares that they shall serve him alone.

But the mind of man is prone to evil. Soon God, and the

mighty miracles wrought by him were forgotten. And the jewels

and gold of the Egyptians were used to make a God that they could see. They strove not to be more worthy, that they might

stand on the holy mount and not die; or even see God in the midst

of its burnings. They strove not to rise to meet Jehovah, but

went down and made a god of the dross of the earth, with their hands of flesh and blood. Behold! the golden calf which they

could look upon and not be afraid. While their leader pleads for

them with the Majesty of heaven, they are breaking the commandments. What a dreadful price was required at their hands for the

broken law! 0, that they had been obedient! 0, that they had

hearkened, and remembered, "Thou shalt have no other Gods before me!"

As it was then, so it is now. That law never has been re920 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

yoked, but stands out in preeminence, written by the finger of the Almighty, with the unwritten penalty against its violation. It

is true the sufferings of persons or peoples remain unfelt by those who taste not of them. Perhaps this is one reason why this first

great commandment is so much disregarded. Many of God's children ignore him altogether; declare with an oath that they know

him not! They esteem it an honor to be called infidel, atheist, or

something akin; anything, so that the first commandment is broken.

And what is the result of this sin? They drift farther and farther

away from a loving parent, at every step increasing the distance betweed him and themselves; at last, in the thick darkness, they

become lost among the fogs and mists, finally sinking out of sight and are hidden away. Yet in the dim consciousness of the last

thought, this terrible truth is spoken as loud as when thundered from Sinai, "Thou shalt have no other Gods before me."

What other Gods? Gold, the yellow idol, claims worship

from many of earth's children. Every day one can see its devotees bow down and worship before its shrine. The greed of gold

can see the hungry starve; the weak, faint and die, nor part with

one illgotten ingot. It steels the heart to the call of mercy, deadens the ear to the orphan's cry, and crushes the widow, who imploringly raises her hand for charity. It never hears the glee of

childhood, nor the music of sweet murmuring rills, even the roar of the cataract is unheard. All that is grand or great weighs

as nothing against this passion. It stands not aghast when the

life blood is freezing in the heart of its victim; but, with a vulture's

fierceness, snatches the coin out of the dead hand, and laughs in demoniacal glee at the sight of the glittering siren.

Yet the unwritten law asserts itself. Unloved in life, unrenowned in death, is the penalty. 'This love cannot close the filmy

eye, cannot assuage the parched lips with refreshing draughts, cannot hold the chilling hand or smooth the clammy brow. When

the unalterable fiat goes forth, "This night thy soul is required of thee,"and the debt has to be met, gold has no power to repudiate it. In insignificance, it sinks before the given commandment, "Thou

shalt have no other gods before me."

Ambition. At ambition's shrine many worship. Ambition

clutches its object in splendid apparel, thus luring the blinded "THOU SHALT HAVE NO OTHER GODS BEFORE ME."921

'Ones on. Oftentimes the path is rugged, then steep and slippery, but

always dangerous. Ambition floats away and away, high and

above the strained vision; yet it is so alluring that though the

path behind is marked in blood, it is unheeded. Fingers bruised in

fruitless endeavors to clutch the sharp, jutting rocks are unfelt;

the rapid beating heart and pulsating brain are forgotten in its will-o'-thewisp pursuit. Even if caught at length, it is held by

nerveless fingers, from which the lines of life are already slipping away; just a moment, then falls utter darkness. "Thou shalt have

no other gods before me."

Power. Many peoples of many lands make their obeisance to

power. To rule the world, then cry for other worlds wherein to

hold dominion, illustrates the passion for power. Its love steeps

the soul in crime, its abuse fills the regions of the damned. Clasped

hands with ambition it soars to the throne of God, and would hurl him from his high estate. Mountains, seas, life nor death, are of

ny moment, if they impede its progress; madly it rushes on in

pursuit of preeminence, until it destroys man both body and soul.

To feed it is to inflate it with greed that naught can satisfy. Impotent, it demands all things earthly, crushing right like a puny

child, and insulting Deity itself. It is a sop that dulls the brain, and

drags its victim to the very edge of an eternal abyss, where, at its depth, are darkness and night, and oblivion casts her mantle over all her subjects. It, too, must fall, under the foot of the stealthy

foe that crushes all things to powder. But the echo from chasm

or dust only reiterates, "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."

Glory. The love of glory sets the world on fire. Bands are

playing, flags flying, and the steady tramp, tramp of soldiers is intoxicating to its votaries. The fear of death is forgotten, or if

remembered at all, is associated with the planting of the colors on some dangerous peak, the exultation of seeing them there just for a moment, ere the eye glazes o'er in death—this esteemed

glory.

Or, perchance, to be wrapped in the nation's banner, or hear the heavy roar of cannon, as the rod falls on the stiffened form. Is

this glory?

To vaunt that thousands have been slain, sent uncalled into 922. IMPROVEMENT ERA.

eternity, leaving moans and cries in as many households; or that

the widow's son will never cheer her breaking heart again, or tell of mothers left childless, or children orphans, or the wife left to battle where no flags float or drums beat, though the ground is bedewed with blood tears. Is this glory?

It is true, some win the epaulets, some gain the cross of distinction, but can even that be called glory? 0, how dreadful the

cost of earthly glory, which is but the counterfeit of that glory which abides in the world beyond forever, and can always be won for the that fades not away; glory that causes no striving—glory

falling tear; glory unto that God who has said, "Thou shalt have

no other gods before me."

Pleasure. Of all earth's delusions this is chief and foremost.

To sail on the river, to play in the dell, is enchanting. To ramble

in the woods where rabbits play hideand-seek and the squirrels deftly climb the trees; where many voices murmur and song birds

trill their melodious lays; where a sense of rest breathes from

tree and flower, this is true pleasure. But the false is most loved

by the children of men. Pleasure is a shy goddess, that ever

evades those who pursue her. The shadows are long that fall behind her, and these are grasped by her votaries, who live in a whirl

of excitement; the dance, the play, the music, keeps an unnatural

fire burning in the veins of youth, until it is passed away, the halcyon days gone forever. As time slips away, these pleasures pass,

and with them the capabihty to enjoy. They do not satisfy even

when we hold them; in the midst of them, a sigh rises from the

very heart, and a feeling of oppression fills our being. We yearn

for something more; some undefinable sense rests upon us, which

none of these things can satisfy, for we shall have "no other gods before me."

Friendship. "No greater love hath man than this, that hewill give his life for his friend."

Soothing and sweet is friendship! Heart sympathizing with

heart, thought associating with thought, sure of a perfect understanding, unselfish, seeking only the good of its object. What joy

thus to understand and be understood! But coldness and estrangement may come between friends; paper walls may grow up thick,

and high, over which they may never in life, clasp hands again.

"THOU SHALT HAVE NO OTHER GODS BEFORE ME."923

The sweetness of the past is forgotten, when coldly they meet on life's highway, and silently pass as strangers. Does not the heart

thus cruelly crushed, remember the words written on the tablets of stone? "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."

Love. Hearts are laid on this altar, and affection the incense

that rises therefrom. Its worshipers lowly bend at its feet, in

every land and clime. It is as old as Eden, yet it is ever new and

young. The sun shines with glories divine, the birds sing in

enchanting chorus; flowers are blushing beneath rosy skies; fountains sing a lullaby, and ambrosial odors are scattered by the

winds of heaven. When love fills the heart, life speeds on fairy

feet, and soars on clouds of amber and gold until infatuation blinds its subject; then, drunken with its wine, myriads bow down

and worship.

Is it a child that steals away the heart? See the rosy tint

forsake its cheek; the lip lose its bloom. Behold the sunny curls

heavy with death's dampness. Cling closely to the frail form, so as

to shield it from cold winds that blow, and learn that in spite of you, it is gone; gone where you are powerless to follow; leaving

the clay in your trembling embrace. Amid the awful silence, hear

God's decree, "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."

Does love sit enthroned on your hearthstone? Day and

night, does it beautify your home? Do warmth and light gild its

walls with a radiance divine? Boast no't thyself! The heavens

are aflame with crimson and gold, and the sun sinks in a blazing bed ere it goes out into darkness and night. So fade the suns of

life, eclipsed by darkening clouds, thick and dense. Have you

leaned on a strong arm? How strangely cold it has grown; unable

longer to shield you from the chilling blasts of life, or guide you through its hidden snares and pit falls. Then in the darkened

room, far away from toil and fret, bow down before the King and learn the lesson he has set for you, "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."

Is it a beloved, whose tender love pulses through your heart, closely entwining itself through every fibre, that its every beat throws out other clinging tendrils? Does love shine in the downcast eye and tremble unspoken on the lip? Does it envelop the

earthly object in rays divine? Lo, it passes away, and in

924 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

bitterness and tears you must learn, "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."Or love may change. A steely coldness creep

into the eye, where was wont to burn and glow the elixir of life.

As a mockery now sound the words:

"I have no past where thou art not,

Or future that's unshared by thee."

What is more cruel than changed love? Love is the sun of

life; then what is life without its sun? Darkness, chilling, cold,

"unendurable, made even more dark and gloomy by the contrast of what went before. Hearts are made of brittle material, and sometimes under such heavy pressure, the slender threads giving way

break for lack of that living chord that binds heart to heart.

As a benison fall the words on death's cold ear, ''Thou shalt have no other god's before me."For this sweet assurance comes that

though the heart is crushed in the crucible, yet with God all is light, joy and gladness.

Houses and possessions. Do you prize worldly possessions?

Lo! they, too, are of earth, and perish with the handling; nothing

remaining but ashes, which are scattered by the winds of heaven, leaving nought but emptiness in your outstretched hand, "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."

Love the Lord thy God. In the meridian of time, came the

world's great Mediator, and again the law is given to man (Luke 10: 27.) "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy

heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbor as thyself."To love God and be

unselfish, this is the requirement. This is the love that passeth

not away, but endureth forever. To be thus one with God, is to

find in him, all that seemingly we have lost in this life; with him

all our treasures that we laid away, or placed upon the altar.

Nothing is lost; not a heartbeat, not a prayer nor a sob, but is

known and felt by the universe. Not a hand raised in supplication, but vibrates to its uttermost bounds. Then do not all things

exist in God? To love and serve him brings us all things that are

enjoyable, for all things are his.

"Seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all "THOU SHALT HAVE NO OTHER GODS BEFORE ME."925

other things shall be added."This instruction was given also by

the Messiah. There is no room for doubt; no hidden meaning in

the commandment. Those who heard were to let their first love

be for the kingdom; if done faithfully, all other things were to be

added. No blessing, or any good thing would be denied to those

thus admonished; it was only another form, to express the great

truths that were enunciated from Sinai. (Luke 18: 29, 30.) "Verily,

I say unto you, there is no man that hath left house, or parents, or brethren, or wife, or children, for the kingdom of God's sake, who shall not receive manifold more in this present time, and in the world to come life everlasting."(Mark 10: 30). "But he

shall receive an hundred fold now in this time, houses, and brethren and sisters, and mothers, and children, and lands, with persecu.

tions; and in the world to come eternal life."

These are the words of Christ; his words being sure, we wil]

find joy to our souls. Let none store by earthly jewels, for they

are of no avail. Note their hideous glare on the cold dead hand

whose beauties are brought out, intensified and made exquisite by the great sculptor. Death, in whose presence the things of earth

pall and are branded "Worthless;"one even turns from their contemplation with a shudder, having a full understanding of the

value of all things of earth.

Matthew (19: 29), says, "And every one that hath forsaken

houses, or brethren, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive an hundred fold, and shall inherit everlasting life."We are also admonished,

"to lay up our treasures in heaven, where moth nor rust can enter, nor thieves break through and steal."There we will enjoy eternal

riches, with no corresponding weight of care.

All that we have and are, are Christ's, and he is God's; if we

are true to him, we will become joint heirs with him in his Father's kingdom. Today we roam as strangers in banishment, then we

will be at home forever more. Then shall we build up the kingdom! Will we go to the nations of the earth? Will we leave all

for the Gospel's sake, and in humility carry its tidings from door to door searching for the honest in heart, despised and rejected of men? Yes; seeking only the highest reward that can be given

926 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to win souls to Christ, Always remembering with joy the commandment, "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."

FRIENDSHIP, LOVE AND TRUTH.

BY H. W. NAISBITT.

The mellow voice of Friendship rings

Adown the fleeing years;

And closer to my soul it clings,

In words and quiet tears.

For I have tasted mental woe, Its suff'ring hath been mine, The fainting soul alone doth know,

The cheer of Friendship's wine!

The charm of Love hath brought me bliss,

Its dulcet tones have been The prelude to its holiest kiss,

Life's elixir unseen!

Full oft beneath its magic spell

Hath thrilled that music sweet,

Which was not all that life could tell

To tired and weary feet.

The tender touch of Fame hath lit

Ambition's lurid fire, Which swelled and died as all unfit

Save 'twas for wild desire;

It only reached to earthly joy 'Twas meant life's cup to fill;

Beneath it all was base alloy.

It vanished at my will!

I dreamt of Wealth, men call it gold, 'Twill buy—oh many things;

I could not bind, as time unrolled,

I found it, too, had wings!

And now my Friendship looks afar.

E'en Love hath upward flown, And Fame, and Wealth; where gates ajar

Heaven makes the whole, my own!

THE REVOLUTION IN CHINA.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER.

m.

Again the unexpected has happened. After the liberation of

the foreign legations in Pekin, the capital of China, Russia comes forward with a proposal that all foreign countries withdraw both their armies and ministers from the city of Pekin, and allow the Chinese to there reestablish their government preparatory to those negotiations which must be carried on between China and those countries which have claims for damages and which will seek reparation at the hands of the Chinese. This, of course, is a distinct

announcement on the part of Russia that she has no intention to make any partition of China. China also further proposes to withdraw her vast armies, numbering, some say, more than two hundred thousand, from the northern province of Manchuria. Of

course, throughout Europe there is universal scepticism over this announcement, and speculations are rife as to the motives which are actuating Russia at this time. This is particularly so because

it was believed that Russia would be foremost in her demands for general partition. However, Russia might have very reasonably

supposed that if China is not to be divided among the European nations at this time, that nation which first secures friendship and influence among the leading Chinese will be the first to reap the advantages that will come through the adjustments in the affairs of China, at an early date.

928 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

America felt, and so expressed herself, in reply to Russia, thair all should remain at Pekin, or all should withdraw. Harmony, it

was felt in this country, was the most desirable in order to prevent those dangers which not only threaten the leading countries of the world with political disturbances, but may be with war. It would,

of course, be difficult for other European nations to arrange a treaty in the absence of an understanding with America and Russia. Germany and England feel as though they were defeated,

because, as a piece of diplomacy, Russia has really made an excellent coup d'etat. England seems unusually suspicious, and has attributed all sorts of designs and schemes to the Russians. But

what is perhaps most objectionable at this time is the particulg,r advantages which Russia may gain from becoming the confidential adviser of the Chinese government. The needs of other European

nations must, it is thought, be relegated to the rear. Russia has

an army sufficiently large in China to give her a high and respectable standing among China's diplomats and to make her the guardian of China's interests.

What motives, it may be asked, can reasonably be attributed to China in the present movement? In the first place, it is thought

that Russia is not sincere in this matter; that although its army

may be drawn from the capital city, when the other armies have been disbanded, Russia will under one excuse or another retain its large army in different parts of Manchuria and possess virtually all that it could have held under a partition of that country in an understanding with the different powers. It is not likely, at any

rate, that Russia's soldiers will be withdrawn at a very early date from the northern provinces. There still exists more or less confusion, and there will be ample pretext to retain the Russian army

under the claim that it is necessary to establish order in the most distracted region of the celestial empire. It is further believed

that the celebrated viceroy, to whom are entrusted questions of negotiation with the powers, is altogether too friendly with Russia.

At any rate, the great Li Hung Chang must see that Russia is in, a position to render him in his negotiations the most assistance at the present time. After order has been restored, the emperor recalled or a new one initiated, there will then begin a system of

oriental diplomacy which means intrigue and a play for commerTHE REVOLUTION IN CHINA. 92

cial advantages. Russia will stand first in directing the affairs of

the Chinese government.-

The great contest will then lie between Russia and Great Britain. England's commercial interests overshadow those of all

other nations. These interests will be hampered, it is believed,

more or less, by the ruling powers at Pekin, and the English suspect that the Chinese authorities will be instigated to place in

England's way all the obstacles that can be contrived for the hindrance of England's commercial interest. China is unlike

European countries. There are governments within governments.

Interests within interests. Taxation does not cease at the great

commercial harbors. Each province may set up its own tariffs,

rebates may be given, preferences shown, and one nation enjoy from the government vast advantages over its competitors. In

this country and in Europe, when goods are once landed, they stand on an equal footing. Not so in China. To American and European

interests there may be great delays. These delays are always exasperating and frequently disastrous to business advantages. If

Russian interests are expedited and English and American interests retarded, it can be readily seen how business men may be so harassed that they will be disposed to withdraw all enterprise from the Chinese empire. At present, England commands the leading

ports. Her interests are paramount in the great Yangtse valley.

She also owns the beautiful island of Hong Kong, and an Englishman is in charge of the tariff system of the empire. It can hardly

be that England will submit to any intrigue at the capital on the part of Russia which would lead to the gradual squeezing out of British commerce. The great questions in China must be solved

in a large manner in view of the conflicting interests that will arise between England and Russia.

The unexpected proposal of the czar must have been a great disappointment to Germany. Her famous general, Waldersee, was

to have been the commanding general of the allied forces. If

these forces disband before he enters the country, his honor will be an empty one, and Germany will be thwarted in the 'prominent part she expected to play through the commanding position of her great general. But Germany is not prepared to withdraw her forces.

Her minister was brutally killed in the streets of Pekin, and her 930 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

rights to compensation and recognition were 'considered foremost among all the powers by Germany.

The Chinese are a very peculiar people and highly superstitious. The retreat at this time from the capital to Tien Tsin will

undoubtedly be regarded by many Chinese as a defeat of the purposes of the allies. There will be raised a general feeling to satisfy the multitudes that the hosts of the allies became alarmed and

in the presence of their fears withdrew their armies to safer grounds. This was virtually the position taken by the Chinese in

1860, when the English and French marched to Pekin and destroyed the Summer Palace but did not enter the imperial or inner city. This was considered a great victory by the Chinese who

promulgated the idea throughout the empire that no European army would venture upon so sacrilegious an undertaking. In order

that the Chinese might no longer hug to their souls this notion, the allies entered the imperial palace and all the armies were permitted to march through the sacred precincts of the emperor's imperial home. The emperor and empress dowager fled to parts

in the southwestern division of the empire for safety, and will no doubt return when the city is vacated.

No sooner had the legations in Pekin been relieved than there arose a strong fe sling, especially throughout America, that there was a Chinese side to all these difficulties, that the Chinaman had been wronged, that there was some justification for the uprising, and that there was a strong semblance of patriotism in the united action of the Boxers to expel foreigners from the country. Certain it is that China has not been treated very tenderly either by

the European nations or by America. We slaughtered great numbers of Chinamen at Rock Springs, Wyoming, some years ago. We

exclude Chinamen from our country; deny citizenship to those who

are already here, and yet perhaps we have been the most humane of all countries in dealing with that peculiar people. In 1840,

England forced her great opium trade upon the empire, which has done much to demoralize the most of the people in that country.

The use of opium there has become all but universal. France has

been somewhat insolent. She has not thought anything of entering Chinese harbors and of destroying the Chinese fleet together

with three thousand seamen. England has been appropriating to

THE REVOLUTION IN CHINA. 931

herself great spheres of influence. A few years ago a couple of

Catholic missionaries, subjects of Germany, were killed in the province of Shantung. Germany was not satisfied with the assurances that the perpetrators of the deed should be brought to jusice. She demanded an indemnity, and, landing her sailors, she took

control of the port of Kiaochau. France helped herself to Tonquin. And Russia's influence extends over the entire country of

Manchuria. After all this had been done, the Chinese have been

reading the discussions of the intention among European nations to dismember the empire. Spheres of influence were spoken of as

territorial domains of the respective countries which claimed these spheres. Naturally enough the Chinaman has felt that the integrity and stability of the empire was threatened, that he was about

to lose all rights of local and self government, and that he was to become a prey to foreign and ambitious nations.

Not least among the difficulties in that country has been the differences in religious feeling and the aggressive policy of the

Roman Catholic church. That church, step by step, has gained

civil power. It settles controversies among disputants when one

of those disputants happens to be a converted Catholic, and there are armies of that kind in China. The Chinese have felt that in

these disputes the Catholic Christian was always given the advantage. The Protestant religious denominations have felt that in the

matter of proselyting, the civil power which the Catholic Church exercises in China gave her an immense advantage over her Protestant competitors. These religious differences, sometimes quarrels, have led to disclosures on the part of missionaries, and they

have been free to tell us the wrongs that the Chinese have suffered at the hands of their respective Christian brethren. Certainly China must not be treated as if she had been the aggressor,

as if there had been no excuse whatever for the revolution that has been started in that country in defense of national interests.

A mighty conflict is on in that vast empire. The forces at work

cannot be stayed, but they may be wisely and justly directed.

More universal discussion and a higher enlightenment regarding affairs which relate to China, will result in time in a greater justice to a misunderstood people. At this time, September 13, chaos

prevails in the diplomatic movements of the rulers. America will

932 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

do all she can to maintian the integrity and identity of China. England will second this movement, and now that Russia has led,

there can seemingly be but one. outcome, and that is the withdrawal of the allied forces from the Chinese capital. England

may feel chagrined at the march Russia has stolen, but in the end

England will yield because she opposes the dismemberment of the empire and prefers the natural growth of her great commercial interests in that country. Germany is nonplussed. France will

go as far as she reasonably can to satisfy her ally, Russia, so that it looks as if Russia had set the march for the other countries of

Europe and for the United States.

LIGHT, TRUTH AND LOVE.

Let all my soul be filled with holy Light,

That I may never falter by the way.

Should darkness overshadow me, and night

Shut from my natural eyes each guiding ray.

Let Truth abide in me, a living source,

That never can be quenched by floods of wrath;

That fire cannot consume me, and no force

Have power to turn my feet from duty's path.

Let Charity, the pure, sweet Love of Christ,

Envelop me, that I may keep aloof

From all things which have hitherto enticed

My being into ways that need reproof.

Thus standing, where have stood the true and brave.

Thus walking where the faithful ones have trod,

I shall o'ercome the world, the flesh, the grave,

And, mounting upward, dwell with Christ and God.

L. L. Greene Richards.

ARE WE AMERICANS?

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, SUPERINTENDENT OF SCHOOLS, BOX ELDER

COUNTY, UTAH.

Are we "Mormons"Americans? Are we Americans at heart

spirit and in truth? What is our belief regarding America—in

and her destiny? Have we shown ourselves to be Americans?

May I answer these questions? I read in the introduction to

Julian Hawthorne's "History of the United States,"this expression:

"I take the view that the American nation is the embodiment and vehicle of a divine purpose to emancipate and enlighten the human race."

Had Mr. Hawthorne purposely extracted the essence of "Mormon"belief regarding America, he could not have stated it better.

What the historian expresses as an opinion, "Mormonism"teaches as a divine truth.

He who shapes all human events to his own glorious purpose had a hand in the formation of the American republic. God's

Spirit moved upon the restless, untiring Columbus, and led him westward. The time had come for the establishing of political and

religious liberty in the earth. The Old World lay rankly overgrown

with the weeds of despotism, bigotry, and superstition. A virgin

soil must be had in which to plant the precious tree of liberty, that it might get growth before the enemy should come to sow his tares. Then the same Spirit of God moved upon the Pilgrims,

implanting in their hearts the love of liberty, and strengthening them in their resolutions to seek and establish it. God gave

strength to the armies of liberty, and sat in the councils of the 934 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

republic. Slowly, carefully, shapen by the hand of God, this nation

arose pure and strong, and there was now a spot on the earth where the purposes of God could be consummated. And now came the

celestial messengers from heaven bearing another precious tree to plant in the garden prepared for it; and that was the pure Gospel

of Jesus Christ, revealed again from heaven in its ancient strength and power and purity, given into the keeping of citizens of the

American republic.

As to past history, this is what "Mormonism"has taught me.

Is there anything unAmerican in the doctrine?

The Book of Mormon (a record claimed by the Mormons to be a divine history of ancient America) contains many references to this land. Let me quote a few:

"Behold, this is a choice land, and whatsoever nation shall possess it shall be free from bondage and from captivity, and from all other nations under heaven, if they will but serve the God of the land, who is Jesus Christ."

"Behold this land, saith God, shall be a land of thy inheritance, and the Gentiles shall be blessed upon the land. And this land shall

be a land of liberty to the Gentiles, and there shall be no kings upon the land who shall raise up unto the Gentiles; and I will fortify

this land against all other nations. * * * Pqj. jq j

raiseth up a king against me shall perish, for, I, the Lord, the

King of heaven will be their king, and I will be a light unto them forever that hear my words."

The italics in the above quotation are mine.

In the book of Doctrine and Covenants claimed by us to contain the revelations of God to The Church in this age, we find this:

"It is not right that any man should be in bondage one to another. And for this purpose have I established the Constitution

of this land [the United States] by the hands of wise men whom I raised up unto this very purpose, and redeemed the land by the shedding of blood."

If there be an American religion, "Mormonism"must be that one. No other religious system makes such claims for America as

does "Mormonism."No other religion has made America such holy

ground by its teachings and history. The "Mormons"have placed

America along with Palestine and made the Holy Land to share its

ARE WE AMERICANS? 935

honors with the Zion of the West. The Book of Mormon teaches

that Jesus visited the ancient inhabitants of this continent, walked and talked with them and taught them the principles of the Gospel.

The Lord's feet have pressed American soil.

We "Mormons"claim an American prophet. All other religions look to other lands for theirs. The founders of the Christian

sects were German, or Scotch, or Swiss. The founder of "Mormonism,"through God, was an American, a descendant of the Pilgrims. Other religionists limit angels'visits to a far eastern land.

We claim that the West also has been sanctified by the presence of heavenly beings. Others confine apostles and inspired men to

a past age, and an Old World nation. We say that God has raised

up American apostles, and the inspiration of the Almighty can be and is given to Americans.

Are we Americans? Across the American continent have the

stirring scenes of our history been enacted. Beginning in New

York, The Church, in its infancy, removed to Ohio, and from there to Missouri. Driven from lands purchased from the general government, we next settled in Illinois, where a flourishing city arose.

From Nauvoo went the exodus of a people across the prairies of the West. We were often advised to get out from under the

United States'jurisdiction, but always did we say, "No; this government is our government, and under its constitutional laws we

wish to live. Though ofl&cials might abuse them yet are they Godgiven."Picture, then, the moving of a nation into the wilderness,

seeking a home, they knew not where. Then remember that at

this point there came a call from the United States for five hundred volunteers to fight the battles of their country. The men

were obtained, and women and children drove the ox teams on alone.

Never was there a more difficult march of infantry than was performed by the "Mormon"Battalion from Fort Leavenworth to San

Diego in the war with Mexico. Yet, reader, go to your bookshelf,

take down all your United States histories, and see if you can find even a mention of that wonderful expedition.

Here in the desert valleys of the Rocky Mountains, we have built a great American commonwealth. Converts to "Mormonism"

who come to America from abroad soon lose their national characteristics and blend into the one American life. And are they

936 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

brought into a bondage to a "Mormon hierarchy,"as is so often claimed? Let me quote what the Lord says to The Church on this

point in the Doctrine and Covenants:

"No power can or ought to be maintained by virtue of the

Priesthood [the governing power in The Church] only by persuasion, by longsuffering, by gentleness and meekness, and by love unfeigned; by kindness and pure knowledge which shall greatly

enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and without guile, reproving betimes with sharpness, when moved upon by the Holy Ghost, and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love towards him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be an enemy;

that he may know that thy faithfulness is stronger than the cords of death."We are inseparably connected with America. Her destiny is

ours. We believe that here the latter day Zion will be erected,

on whose towers will shine the glory of God. America is the

land of Zion. "From Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of

the Lord from Jerusalem."The golden age of the world is coming. Then justice will take the bandage from her eyes, and every

wrong thing will be righted. America will get her share of glory

and honor, and in that share the "Mormons"will have a part.

EDITORS TABLE.

BRIGHAM YOUNG ACADEMY EXPLORING EXPEDITION.

The expedition which left Provo on April 17, to explore the ruins of the Central American country, arrived in Nogales, Sonora,

Mexico, about the middle of July. It was here hindered from proceeding further on the journey, because of the excessive tax or

duty on the pack animals and equipments. It was discovered that

either a bond of twelve hundred dollars or a heavy duty was required before permission would be granted to them to proceed.

The bond could easily have been secured, but the conditions were so exacting that it were better to pay the heavy duty imposed, for the reason that, if a horse, blanket, saddle or mule, or any other enumerated or registered thing in the company's possession, on entrance into the country, had been found missing on their exit, the bond would have been declared forfeited. These

conditions, however, were, upon application, afterwards so modified that missing articles only would have been subject to the tax. But the odium of breaking the law could also have been cast

upon the expedition, perhaps with other additional complications.

It developed that the duty on a gelding was thirtyfive dollars, while a mule passed for three; and as the expedition was principally supplied with horses, it would become obligatory to make a

change in the animals, which would be a source of much trouble, expense and annoyance, with so large a company. The size of the

company was also a menace to its peaceful passage through the country. So large an armed and formidable force would arouse

938 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

constant suspicion in the minds of the more ignorant natives of the interior states through which it had to pass, who would steadily throw obstacles in its way to hinder and annoy, if not in the end to defeat.

The financial question became a serious one, because the enterprise, though essentially a public affair under the auspices of the academy, is principally a private business as far as money support is concerned. Under these trying difficulties. President Cluff sought

advice, and the result was that President Joseph F. Smith, accompanied by Elder Seymour B. Young, visited the camp to consult on

the best method of procedure.

The brethren left Salt Lake City in the early part of August, and were absent three weeks. On their journey thither, they held

eleven religious in Pacheco, one in Garcia, four in meetings—one

Juarez, two in Dublan, and three in Diaz, in which the resident

Saints were encouraged, and many strangers heard the testimony of the Gospel. Arriving at Nogales, they found the brethren of

the company in camp in good condition, but weary of waiting, and impatient to continue their march. The time had not been wasted,

however, for whatever could be studied and investigated, had received attention by them.

After thoroughly discussing the situation, it was decided, much to the regret of the members, to reduce the size of the expedition. To retain the original large number was found impracticable, on account of the great cost of maintenance and supply,

and incidental expenses. Besides, it was found unnecessary to

have such a large body of men for the purposes of the organization. A few men could readily obtain assistance where many could

not be helped. A small company would be just as safe, and could

accomplish the mission just as well, with a more than corresponding reduction in the outlay. The company was therefore reorganized. Nine men were selected to continue the work, and fifteen

were honorably released.

One reason for selecting so many men in the first place was that in such enterprises, many generally back out, but the young men of this expedition were composed of different mental material.

They were an unusually brave and excellent body of men; and those

who were released were deeply disappointed, and declared that they

EDITOR'S TABLE. 939

would rather lay down their bones in the desert than to backdown from their determination to succeed in what had been undertaken, unless it were considered best by the proper authorities to honorably release them.

President Smith and Elder Young had come for that purpose, and so the action of reducing the company was taken. On the

12th of August, the following men were selected to proceed: Benjamin ClufF, Walter M. Woolfe, John B. Fairbanks, Walter S. Talton, Asa Kinke, Chester G. Van Buren, Joseph Adams, Heber Maggleby, and Paul Henning; while these were honorably released to

return: Gordon S. Beckstead, William Adams, William K. Cluff,

Soren Hansen, Parley Nelson, William M. Hughes, Eugene Roberts,

Lafayette Reese, George Q. Cannon, Henry E. Giles, B. T. Higgs, Jr.,

Mozier F. Pack, Warren Shepherd, Christian Olsen and Royal

Woolley.

On the 13th, the company selected to continue the journey, were cleared and proceeded on their way to fulfill their assigned mission, in which work the blessings of the whole people accompany them; while those who were honorably released, are welcomed home like men who have done their full duty.

DESTRUCTION OF GALVESTON.

One of the most shocking calamities ever effected by the ele ments befell Galveston, Texas, on Sunday morning, September 9,

A hurricane from the West Indies fell with fearful fury over the

Gulf of Mexico, setting its waters in such commotion as to completely cover the city with a flood which, with the rain and wind, swept everything before it. Houses, bridges, railroads, cattle

horses, men, women and children were helplessly borne away, or carried to death and destruction. It is estimated that five thousand human lives went out, with many thousands of horses and cattle and other domestic animals, while the property loss is estimated

940 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

at nearly twenty million dollars. The suffering and sorrow are indescribable, and no account of the terrible scenes can exaggerate

"the true conditions. Whole families met death in the debris of the

wave and storm.

From a letter to the Deseret News, it is learned that four "Mormon"elders were in the stricken city on that dreadful night. They were: Peter A. Norton, of Pima, Arizona; Horace

L. Johnson, of Thatcher, Arizona; Samuel Shaw, of North Ogden,

Utah, and Heber N. Folkman, of Plain City, Utah. They all

escaped as by a miracle and stood unharmed where thousands had fallen all about them. They had been laboring without success in

the city for the past three months, and were about to leave when the flood came. The News account continues:

On the fatal night they were stopping with a family named Daniels.

As the water rose and reached the house, these good people fled panicstricken to higher ground, leaving the elders alone in the house. These

went upstairs and commended themselves to the care of Divine Providence. When morning broke and the desolation wrought stood forth in

all its aweinspiring details, it was found that the house in which the elders were, was the only one in that entire neighborhood that had escaped damage.

It seems these missionaries were, during the entire night of horror, unconscious of the extent of the visitation. Elder Norton, in his

letter to the News, says part of the night they slept, though the water was surging and the wind raging all around them. When in the morning they went out to see what damage had been done, they were astonished to learn the extent of the disaster. They saw corpses everywhere.

Men, women and children had met death either by drowning or under the falling houses. There was no difference now between rich and poor,

white and black. Death had placed them all on about the same level.

The miraculous preservation of the house in which the "Mormon"elders had been given shelter that night, must have been a powerful testimony to some of the people who had rejected their message.

The tornado also did great damage in other parts of Texas, and was the cause of many deaths. The storm continued over the

Mississippi valley and the great lakes, passing out to the ocean over Boston and other New England cities, its way being strewed with destroyed shipping and other property amounting to several million dollars.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 941

Galveston was a city of about thirtyfive thousand inhabitants, a sea port, and the largest city in Texas. It was situated on the

northeastern end of Galveston Island, off the coast of Texas, which island is about twentyeight miles long. Galveston Bay is an inlet

of the Gulf of Mexico, and extends northward from Galveston about thirtyfive miles. The city had a large trade with steamer lines

from New York, and Havana, Cuba. It was especially noted for its

export of cotton. Being settled in 1837, it was ten years older

than Salt Lake City. Great improvements in its harbor were recently contemplated by the government. A terrible fire destroyed

the place in 1885, but with commendable energy and enterprise, its citizens rapidly rebuilt the city. Whether or not it will rise from

its present ruin, is a question that cannot now be answered. In the

meantime, relief funds have been established for the aid of the sufferers, and the generoushearted over the whole nation are freely giving of their substance to relieve the temporary want and misery.

The downfall of Galveston adds one more fearful item to the long list of troubles in the form of war, famine, pestilence, and destruction by tire and flood, which have so prominently marked this year, indeed, when beclosing year of the nineteenth century—a

lievers in prophecy find much to confirm the predictions concerning the judgments which are to follow in the wake of the rejected testimony of the servants of God.

LORD RUSSELL.

Lord Chief Justice Russell, who died on the 10th of August, at the age of 67 years, was one of the most remarkable characters of the century. He was a worthy successor of the great Lord Mansfield, who has stood for so long conspicuous as one of the greatest

judges in the world. The Chief Justice was the attorney of Mrs.

Maybrick, in that celebrated case, and offered the most brilliant 942 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

defense in her behalf. He was noted for his great eloquence and

for his skill in the crossexamination of witnesses.

It is said that his income was nearly a half million dollars a year. He was sought in the most important cases, and by those

who could well afford to pay large fees. Notwithstanding this

enormous income, he was usually in debt, and greatly embarrassed by the demands of his creditors. A curious story is told of a

syndicate organization, among some of his friends, to place him into a financial position more in harmony with the great character he sustained as one of England's great lawyers. His old friends

followed him. They borrowed money, which he was generally

willing to lend indiscriminately, and they induced him to enter into speculative schemes, by which it was possible to bury his enormous income and leave him, as he often was, in an embarrassing position. An arrangement was made with the syndicate by

which all his fees went first into their hands, and from them a liberal allowance was made for his expenses. The balance was

used in the payment of his debts, and the creation of a fund. At

the end of two years, his debts were all paid and a respectable margin left for his support.

When he was made an English Lord, he departed from the usual custom in accepting his wellmerited recognition from the

English crown. He had the peerage limited to his own life, so

that if his children become peers, it must be by reason of their own merit. He had always been outspoken in his opposition to

the inherited peerage among his countrymen. He was known in

this country, first, because he was one of the commissioners in the settlement of the Venezuela question, and did much in that case for peace. In 1896, he delivered his celebrated speech before the

Bar Association, at Saratoga, on the subject of "International Arbitration."In his definition of civilization he says: "Its true

signs are, thought for the poor and suffering, chivalrous regard and respect for women, and frank recognition of brotherhood, irrespective of race or color or nation or religion, the narrowing of the domain of mere force as a governing factor in the world, the love of ordered freedom, abhorance of what is mean and cruel and vile, ceaseless devotion to the claims of justice."

What seemed most curious, however, to most people in this

EDITOR'S TABLE 943

country who were interested in the life of this remarkable man, was the readiness with which it was said he would adjourn court in an important case to go to a horse race. That trait, however, was

no peculiarity to the English people who entertain almost a patriotic pride in horseracing.

Portaits of Lord Russell give us the face of superior refinement, and a keen, searching and discriminating intellectuality.

Among the legal fraternity, he will stand forth as one of the leading characters of his age. A great man was Lord Chief Justice

Russell.

HOW ARE YOU GOING TO VOTE?

Until after the 6th of November, nothing will claim a larger share of attention than politics. The great national parties, as

well as the small, have placed their candidates before the people.

; so have the county The state candidates have been named

leaders. Let the interest continue. It is a healthy sign that the

people become reasonably concerned in political questions. From

the people's knowledge of men and principles in politics grows the health of the civil life in our state and country, as well as its strength and power. It is every voter's duty to exercise the franchise, and every young man's duty to learn its sacredness and

value.

But a caution is necessary to young men. Beware of believing all that is said by the party leaders who have been chosen to

expound the party platforms. They are naturally prone to exaggerate the virtues of their own side, and to tell less than the truth

concerning those of their opponents. It is well to hear both sides,

and to judge from your own point of view of the course to take.

Do not believe all the man says who declares that this party or that is false to every principle of good and true government; or that

this or that party is intent upon ruining the national honor and 944 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

finance. No one party possesses all the good; no one party is

wholly right nor all in the wrong. Remember that aside from

these enthusiastic partisan speakers, it must be admitted that the majority of the people of all parties and classes, however they may differ in opinions of policy, are as a rule sincerely anxious to take the course that will promote the best interests of our state and country.

This does not mean that one party's policy is as good as that of another, and that it makes no difference which way you vote.

Far from it. Between two policies there must necessarily be a

best; between two parties one must surely present better reasons,

a better public policy, better political principles, in your judgment, than the other. The best may be represented by the party with

which the voter affiliated at the last election; it may not. Not

party only, but principle, is the motto that will perpetuate liberty, truth and good government. Therefore, to be sure that his vote

is cast right, the wisest course for every voter to pursue is to study the public questions for himself; viewing, but not necessarily

believing, all sides; to hear as many public speakers as he can, who

have different views; to follow the campaign for himself, eliminating its trash and exaggerations; then to set prejudice aside, and

vote according to the best light of his soul, and as his own educated conscience may dictate, or as God may inspire him to act.

So much for the national and state tickets. In local or county

offices, where party policies and political doctrines are of less importance than competent labor, men should be studied, and representatives selected and voted for who stand for efficient service, with unimpeachable honesty of character.

ANARCHY.

The assassinations of President Carnot, Premier Canovas,

Empress Elizabeth of Austria and King Humbert, together with.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 945

the attempt upon the life of Muzafered-Din, Shah of Persia, and the reputed scheme to assassinate the President of the United

States, all indicate an unusual activity among the anarchists of the world to terrorize the governments of Europe and of this country, by striking down their leaders. Undoubtedly the aim is

to arouse feelings of terror, by so shocking the sensibilities of the world in the assassination of the leaders of organized governments as to induce the people to inaugurate forms of government and conditions of life in keeping with the views of those who are urging anarchist propaganda. If a reign of terror could be inaugurated, and men prevented from accepting exalted positions in government, it is believed by this class that people would forthwith

establish some new forms of government more satisfactory to those who rejoice in the misfortune of the potentates of the earth.

It is sad to contemplate the fact that in a liberal government, like our own, it has become necessary to use the most stringent precautions to guard the life of the President who ought to enjoy the fullest personal liberty, and to move among the people with the greatest freedom. Such dangers and such precautions make

the office less inviting and doubly burdensome. An anarchist

paper published in San Francisco makes this comment: "When the

downtrodden proletarian, (the working man) filled with a deep sense of the myriad wrongs inflicted on himself, his dear ones and his kin, strikes a blow of vengeance against the representatives of the system which has transformed men into beasts, we do not rejoice—nor condemn. We simply explain. Would you put an

end to the assassination of rulers? Then end the conditions which

make men miserable: end the wrongs which provoke men to resistance; cease to outrage flesh and blood as human and as sensitive

as that of kings."This is perhaps as approvingly as an anarchist

paper could view the assassination of King Humbert.

The frequency with which the assassin has made his appearance, within -the last few years, is a direct menace and danger to the organization of society and government. Anarchy is a secret

organization, and the most extreme of all organizations whose principles and purposes are not open to the deliberations and the discussions of men. Anarchy stands for disintegration. It pretends

946 IMPROVEMENl ERA.

it is true, to replace the present system of government with something ideal and angelic; something of course that is wholly beyond

realization. Its pretenses can never be accomplished this side of

the millennium, and then not by the means which it proposes.

Anarchy may do much to break down existing forms, and in this age of rapid changes it may take upon itself extraordinary growth, and become a terror to the world before we fully realize or sense its development. Men are indifferent to it today, because its propaganda seems so unreasonable to this age; but the unexpected so

frequently happens that no one today can say that anarchy may not, within the next few years, assume prodigious proportions, and be a serious menace to the welfare of mankind. No effort is put

forth for its destruction. It is looked upon as one of those abnormal conditions whose dangers must simply be warded off. So, notwithstanding there have been numerous assassinations by anarchists in recent years, anarchy is not taken seriously by the great

mass of mankind. It is well to remember, however, that this is

an age of surprises, and not least among those that may arise to shock the sensibilities of mankind, at no great future day, may be the unexpected and incomprehensible growth of anarchy.

AIRSHIPS.

We have now arrived at a stage in the inventor's travels where we cease to shrug our shoulders in unfeigned skepticism when the flyingmachine is mentioned. We have come to believe

that it is really a possibility, if not an immediate probability.

One of the most successful attempts at navigating the air was made recently in the region of Lake Geneva, by Count Zeppilin, a famous European aeronaut. The count got his large cigarshaped

cylinder of canvass, of over four hundred feet in length, and forty feet in diameter, out on Lake Geneva. The interior of this

machine was filled with two thousand small cylinders holding about

EDITOR'S TABLE. 947

tliirtytwo thousand cubic feet of hydrogen. Its weight was

about nine tons. At the set time it arose from Lake Geneva,

and made a run of about three and a half miles, during which time it was guided by its occupants in the freest manner, until an accident happened to the steering gear which compelled them to descend from a height of twelve hundred feet, which they had attained, in order to make repairs. This is, perhaps, one of the

most successful efforts which has been made, and Count Zeppilin, feels that he has really been victorious. Of course, there is no

present thought that the airship will be a means of transportation. It would be too expensive for that. The one used by Count

Zeppilin, it is said, cost about a quarter of a million, an expensive experiment. Like many other inventions, however, it is

intended for war.

The balloon, during the recent campaign in South Africa, proved to be a great aid in locating the enemy and directing military movements in the field. The airship itself might be made to

carry great guns and other means of human destruction, and at the same time occupy a position beyond the reach of the enemy.

One might naturally be led to wonder that if one enemy can use the airship in a battle, another one can do the same, and thus afford us the interesting spectacle of.battles and wars carried on

in midair.

MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS.

There has just been issued from the press of George Q. Cannon

& Sons Co. a work entitled, "Missouri Persecutions,"by Elder B. H.

Roberts. It includes the matter published under the same title in

the Contributor, fifteen years ago, and in addition a considerable amount of historical information now presented to the public for the first time. Among these data are copious extracts from the

accounts of these occurrences published by the enemies of The 948 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Church. These, the author says, are introduced by way of contrast, that the reader may have both sides of the story before him,

to enable him to judge accurately of the truth of the matter. The

work has been issued with the purpose in view of combating these false statements, and correcting the impression sought to be made by opponents of The Church leaders, that the people were driven out of Missouri chiefly on account of their evil acts. It also aims

to inform its readers on the early history of this dispensation; the

character of the early experiences of The Church; the acts of

injustice perpetrated against the Saints in Missouri; the sufferings

of the fathers for the holy faith.

In reading the work, one is impressed with its accuracy and fullness of historical detail; orderly and logical arrangement of

facts; correctness of inference; thoroughness of treatment; plain,

dignified historical style. To the careful, systematic reader, the

work will appeal especially, on account of these qualities, while at the same time it is not dry and incapable of securing the interest of the casual reader.- As a book of reference and supplemental

reading for the young people who are studying Church history, it will meet with great favor, and provide the student with invaluable data. Price $1. 25.

NOTES.

Happy is he who knows how to forget that which cannot be helpedIf you have an idea, and you are sure it is a good one, don't aim to use it too long. Fire, and fire quick.

"Fortune, men say, doth give too much to many.

But yet she never gave enough to any."

Patience, wisdom and time, make the impossible possible. Pierre

Kraus.

If you feel that you must say something unpleasant, say it; if you

would say something pleasant, write it. Nothing is so mean as a mean

letter, because it gives your opponent no chance for defense at the only time defense is a satisfaction—at once.

To preserve one's self good and pure amidst evil surroundings is to attain a moral character; to be preserved from evil character by seclusion is to remain innocent, it is true, but is not at all to gain a moral

character.

"A nation,"said John Milton, "ought to be as one huge Christian personage, one mighty growth or stature of an honest man, as big and compact in virtue as in body; for look, what the ground and causes

are of happiness to one man, the same ye shall find them to a whole state."

There are many people who will oppose a man seeking for any end just because they know him. They don't care about a total stranger

gaining the thing desired; but they cannot bear any one they know

should reach it. They cannot make up their mind to that. You be

broader in your views than one of these.

Would you have your children profit by your life? Then remember

the truth expressed by Andrew Boyd: "It is utterly impossible to bring

all men up to a rope stretched across the course, and make all start fair.

If a man be a drunken blackguard, or a heartless fool, his children must 950 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

suffer for it, must start at a disadvantage. No human power can prevent that. And on the other hand, if a man be industrious and able, and

rise to great eminence, his children gain by all this."

Habits are formed by the repetition of certain acts. People have

such an easy way of falling into customs that before they are aware, a habit is formed which it is difficult to free themselves from. Habit,

therefore, may be termed second nature. Habits will add to either one's

happiness or discomfort. Impure and degrading habits are easily formed;

hence, the need of cultivating good moral habits which will comfort and bless through life. They should be formed in youth when lasting impressions are made. Good spiritual habits, gentleness of character, a

generous disposition, an agreeable and openhearted soul, evenness of temper, a desire to work for the good and salvation of our fellows these are habits that a young man should learn by severe training; and

once they are impressed, they will render his life one round of happiness. Benj. F. Blaylock, Jr., Australia.

Getting on in the world means one thing to some and another to others. There is success that cannot be counted in dollars. It is often

sweeter and less wearisome than the worldly success which brings fever and toil and suspense. To gain success, let each man humbly do his

duty, and leave the issue with God. The advice of Andrew Kennedy

Boyd is worth remembering: "Let us trust in God, my friend, and do

right, and we shall get on as much as he thinks good for us. And it is

in matters that benot the greatest thing to get on—I mean to get on

gin and end upon this world. There is a progress in which we are sure

of success if we earnestly aim at it, which is the best getting on of all.

Let us "grow in grace."Let us try, by God's aid, to grow better, kinder,

humbler, more patient, more earnest to do good to all. If the germ of

the better life be implanted in us by the blessed Spirit, and tended by him day by day: if we trust our Savior and love our God, then our whole

existence, here and hereafter, will be a glorious progress from good to better. We shall always be getting on."

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

Mother: "What are you doing, Max?"

Max: "Reading papa's poems."

Mother (to hushand): "Why, has he been naughty again?"

Little threeyear-old Howard had often watched his mother and her artificial teeth with admiring wonder. One day her regular teeth gave

her trouble when she held her hand to her face, saying, "Oh, oh,"in great pain. Howard asked, surprised, "What is ye matter?"On being

told that her teeth pained her, he queried with an air of one who has a sure remedy, "Why don't you take yem out?"

Small Margaret had said her prayer, and her mama was tucking her in to leave her to her slumbers, when the child begged that'mama would not leave her alone.

"Why, Margaret,"said mama, soothingly, but surprised at this unexpected demand, "you know you are never alone, for God is always with you.""Yes,"rejoined the small maiden, doubtfully, "I know. But, mama,

I'd rather have some of my own relations."

For many years Aqueduct Commissioner Maurice J. Power, of New

York, was a police justice. Politics, however, is not Mr. Power's livelihood. He is a manufacturer and connoisseur of bronze art work. During the last year of Mr. Power's service on the police bench he received

a call at his house one evening. A formal dinner was in progress. The

visitor failed to make her errand clear to the servant and the justice's daughter went to the door.

"The judge sint me son up to the Island this mornin'an'I want to see him,"said the woman.

"What judge?"asked Miss Power.

this time the justice and two "I disremember his name, mum"—by

of his friends had gone into the smokingroom, near the door, where the dialogue was clearly heard—"but he makes thim tin images up in Twenty-fifth Street."

At this point the justice interrupted the dialogue. The woman did

not get her son off the Island, but she collected the rent for her flat and enoughexpired.—Saturdayready moneyEveningto keep Post.her until her wayward boy's sentence had

OUR WORK.

LOCAL MISSIONARY WORK.

At the late convention of the General Board and stake officers in

Salt Lake City, excellent instructions were given upon missionary work, one of the most important and prominent factors of the labors of the

Young Men's Associations for this season. From remarks there made,

the following points are culled, which will prove of great value in guiding presidents of wards in the selection and instruction of their missionaries.

It should be remembered, in the first place, that this local missionis, it is to continue as a factor in the laborsary work is permanent—that

of the associations. Men may change, missionaries may change, but

this work is to remain permanent. New men are to be added to fill

vacancies that may be created for cause. Those men who were selected

last year for this purpose, providing they are competent, and as good as can be obtained, are to continue their labors this year; but if for some

cause they cannot continue, then their places are to be filled by other competent brethren, to be selected by the president of the association in consultation with the bishop of the ward. Special care should be exercised in the selection of these missionaries, so that men may be chosen

who are able and competent to do the work assigned to them—men with

judgment and experience.

The object of this work is to convert to the Gospel and to Church duties such young people as are indifferent to counsel in this regard. It

is to be a labor of conversion, just such work as the missionaries are performing among the people in the nations of the earth.

It was found last season that the effects of the missionary labors were most excellent, and there are many examples where young men were converted from the error of their ways to a better life and to an interest in the work of God. Instances are on record where boys were

converted from secret gambling, from swearing, and other evil habits, toOUR WORK. 953

join the associations and become faithful members therein. In the world,

we spend much money to convert a soul. The average number of converts for each missionary sent out by The Church is less than three per

annum. We have a better field at home, which can be reached in comparative ease; and the object of this labor is to open this field among the

young people in Zion.

Great mistakes have been made by those who are called upon to perform this labor among the young people. It is an error to try to convert young men in bunches upon the street corners, or in the saloons.

Individual work is absolutely necessary, for in this way the hearts of the young men may be reached, and you may get near to them and bring them to a sense of their condition. Love and kindness are the means to

be employed. The missionary must love the souls of men. His leading

characteristics should be sociability, friendship, and the knack of ingratiating himself into the confidence and favor of men who are in darkness. This cannot be done offhand. The missionary must become acquainted with the man, learn his traits, his desires, gain his confidence,

and make him understand and know that the only desire is to do him good and to bless him. When this condition exists, the missionary message may be given, and its good things presented in a loving and kind

way. Therefore, in selecting missionaries, men should be chosen who

have sociability and friendship, and who are without enmity towards men. If there are none such in your ward, some young men should be

called and trained and qualified for this work. There are a certain class

of men whose characters are such that you never can make good missionaries of them. They are too highstrung, not humble enough, they

cannot get down in humility, but they feel themselves above their fellows. You should not select such men. In the very first place, the missionary should have in himself a testimony of the Spirit of God, and the

witness of the Holy Ghost. If he has not this, he has nothing to give.

Men are not converted by eloquence or oratory, but on the contrary, are converted when they are satisfied that you have the truth and the Spirit of God. The cause of failure in missionary work is frequently the halfheartedness in which the missionary goes about it. It must be done with

is constant, will succeed. Misyour whole heart. The faithful man, who

sionaries should have frequent consultation with the presiding officers, and should keep in touch with the bishops of their wards, making them feel well towards the work, keeping in mind constantly that love and kindness are the means to be employed. Compulsion and a haughty

spirit should be far from the missionary sent out to convert souls.

Now as to the methods of missionary work; the president of the Y.

-954 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

M. M. I. A. shculd divide the ward into, say, three divisions; one to be

presided over by the president, and each of the other by one of his counselors. The presidency should make a list of the names of all who need

laboring with, and should consult the bishop and then select one missionary to labor with each of the names on the list previously mentioned.

The bishop should then call the young men so selected, as missionaries, to a meeting without publicly stating the object of said meeting. When

they are brought together, the object of their call should be presented, and the work expected of them fully explained. It should be especially

stated that they are called by the bishop by authority of President

Lorenzo Snow. Then they should be asked if they are willing to accept

the mission, and all who are willing to do so should be set apart thereto.

The presidency should then divide the missionary corps into three parts, assigning them to the three districts before mentioned, calling the president and his counselors to take charge of them and the work in the districts over which each has been appointed to preside, directing their labors and receiving their reports at least once each month. The work

should be entirely private and should not be published before the ward.

The M. I. A. ofiicer appointed to preside over the district should give to

the missionary, privately, the name of a younng man with whom he is to labor, and no one need know that name excepting the presidency and the missionary. The work of a missionary need not interfere with any other

duty, there being a lifetime in which to accomplish the conversion of the young man with whom the missionary labors; therefore, a Sunday

School teacher, a ward teacher, and all other workers, may be selected for this labor without interfering with their regular Church duties. The

work should be begun immediately and all vacancies should be filled in the missionary corps without delay.

Y. M. M. I. A CONVENTION.

On September 9th, a convention of the General Board with the superintendencies of eleven stakes was held in the temporary home of the

Latterday Saints'College in the Lion House, Salt Lake City. President

Joseph F. Smith presided. The stakes were represented as follows: Box

Elder, 3; Davis, 10; Granite, 5; Jordan, 7; Juab, 1; Morgan,!; Salt Lake,

6; Summit, 1; Utah, 3; Wasatch, 4; and Weber, 5. There were 18 members of the General Board present. The object of the meeting was to

OUR WORK. 955

treat upon the topics to be discussed in the stake conventions which were held generally in all the stakes of Zion on the 16th. The stakes

represented at this meeting conducted their own,while other stakes were assisted in their conventions by members of the Board or by their aids.

Every topic named in the call published in the September Era was discussed with much zeal and profit, under a great outpouring of the Spirit of God. A fire of enthusiasm was kindled which was spread over the

whole Church, in the conventions held on Sunday, the 16th of September, and which it is hoped will find fuel in every ward society. The subjects

treated and the speakers were as follows:

Missionary TForit;—Elders J. Golden Kimball, Frank Y. Taylor, M,

F. Cowley and President Joseph F. Smith.

Improvement 'ra;—Elders Heber J. Grant and Edward H. Anderson.

General Improvement Fu?i(Z;—President Joseph F. Smith and Elder

Rudger Clawson.

Preparations for Opening the Season:—Elder Junius F. Wells.

Grading of the Associations:—EMer Rodney C. Badger.

Class TForfc;—Elders George H. Brimhall and Briant S. Hinckley.

Hull. Secretaries:—Elder Thomas

Miscellaneous topics, with questions and discussion, were also fully treated, many present taking part. The instructions given were of special value to the workers in the cause, and as a reminder to all ofilcers,

the Era will present choice extracts from the remarks of the various speakers, as the season's work progresses..

CLOSE OF THE THIRD VOLUME.

This number closes the third volume of the Improvement Era. We

all our subare gratified with the success that has been achieved. We ask

scribers to renew their subscriptions immediately for Volume IV, upon the blanks that will be sent them.and to use energetic efforts to obtain new subscribers, because every member of the associations is an agent, and is incall attention to the prosterested in the welfare of the magazine. We

pectus which is found in this number, and which gives in detail some of

We ask all the special features that will be presented in Volume IV.

to read this prospectus, being confident that by so doing they will be inspired with a desire not only to continue their own subscriptions, but to obtain other subscribers to help the good work along.

956 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

It will be the aim of the General Board to make the!Era a suitable

exponent of the mutual improvement cause, and to provide reading matter that will instruct and inspire, as well as entertain both old and young.

We congratulate the young men upon the aid which they have given to this enterprise, and trust that they will rally to the assistance of

Volume IV. with such spontaneous effort as will insure the continued

improvement and success of their magazine.

We repeat that the Era is not a private enterprise, but belongs entirely to the young men; every cent which is made will be used

for the spread of truth and for the benefit of the youth of Zion. Let

there be a unanimous response to this call for subscribers, without further invitation.

CAN A TEACHER ORDAIN A TEACHER?

"Can a teacher ordain another teacher or a deacon?"is a question

that has been submitted to the Era.

The general reply may be made that what power or authority a man has in the Priesthood, he can confer upon others. What a man has he

can give, but it must be under proper conditions. Such conditions do not

exist in organized wards, and hence, while a teacher can ordain another teacher or deacon, it would be highly improper in organized wards, stakes, or missions, presided over by authorities holding the Melchizedek Priesthood.

THE ERA FREE.

We desire to call attention again to the fact that the Era is supplied to missionaries in the field, free, and that the price of subscription to their friends, outside of the organized stakes of Zion, is $1.00 We

will be pleased to receive subscriptions from any source to be sent as above.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

BY THOMAS HULL, SECRETARY OF THE GENERAL BOARD OF Y. M. M. L A.

August 11th: Official dispatches confirm the capture of Pekin, China,

by the allied forces on 14th inst. The ministers were liberated. * * *

Bishop Fowler at the Methodist conference shamefully abuses the "Mormons"* * * To steamers from Alaska bring three million in gold to Puget sound ports. * * * rpjg Cannon & Sons job

and book printing and binding business has been sold to the Deseret News.

18th: Fourteen anarchists arrested in New York charged with

conspiracy in a plot to assassinate President McKinley. * * *

The 1400 Cuban school teachers on a visit to the United States are entertained at Washington.

20th.- Henry Parsons, born in England, April, 1827, an old and respected resident of Manti, Sanpete County, died. * * * rpjjg

Consolidated Mercur mine is putting 1175 tons of ore through daily, at a profit of $4.00 per ton. * * * Li Hung Chang asks for

an American peace commissioner.

21st: Ofiicial confirmation of the fall of Pekin states that the allied

armies entered on the 14th, the American and Russian flags having been planted on the east wall at 11 a. m. The United States has refused Li's

request for a peace commissioner.

23rd: William H. Smart has been released as president of the Eastern States Mission and will be succeeded by E. H. Snow, of St. George;

Alfred L. Farrell, has been released as President of the Netherlands

Mission to be succeeded by Sylvester Cannon. * * * rjijg

funeral services of Stephen Hunter were held in the Third Ward Salt

Lake City. 25th: Mary Ann Barfoot, wife of the late Professor Joseph Barfoot, died, aged 84 years. * * * President Jesse Crosby of

Panguitch Stake, who removes to the Big Horn, was succeeded as president of the stake by David Cameron.

958 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

27th: The Populist party accept the declination of Hon. C. A. Towne

for vicepresident, and substitute the Democratic nominee. * * *

The thirtyfourth annual encampment of the G. A. R. opened in Chicago

last night by a monster meeting in the Coliseum; 350,000 excursionists

are in the city. * * * General Olivier, the Boer general

and his three sons have been captured by the British, and the Boers were severely defeated at Machadodorp.

28th: Professor Joseph J. Daynes, who, in 1867, at the age of 15

years became Church organist, sent his resignation to President Snow, the reason assigned for the action being pressure of other private duties.

He served faithfully under five choir conductors—Sands, Careless, Griggs,

Beesley and Stephens, and is the only organist who has handled the great tabernacle organ since it was built in 1869. * * * rpjjg

Utah and Oregon lumber yards were destroyed by fire in Ogden; loss,

$10,500. * * * Loi.(j Roberts is reported to have succeeded

Lord Wolseley as commanderin-chief of the British armies.

29th: The Great Salt Lake is lower than since 1861-2, and teams

may be driven across it from the Jeremy Salt Works to Antelope Island.

* * * A fire destroys much timber in Pine Canyon,

Tooele County, entailing an estimated loss of $20,000.

30th: There is a revival of the rumor that the Salt Lake and Los

Angeles railway is to be built. * * * Lqq Rassieur was

chosen commanderin-chief of the G. A. R., and the next encampment

will be held in Denver.

31st: Bishop T. J. Stevens, born Bristol, England, January 24, 1848

died at Ogden. * * * John G. Woolley, prohibition candidate for president, spoke to a large audience in Salt Lake City.

September 1st: Hon. F. J. Cannon announced that he is a candidate

for the United States Senate. * * * he Utah Loan and

Trust Co., in Ogden, go out of business. * * * rfe production of Utah mines reaches $13,727,620 so far in 1900.

2nd: The Salt Lake Stake conference was held; a feature was a

meeting at 10 a. m., of the Sunday Schools, all being represented.

3rd: George A. Baton, was chosen principal of the Salt Lake

High School at a salary of $200 per month. His place in the Ogden High

School will be filled by Professor A. E. Wilson.

4th: The Republican State Convention met in Prove and nominated

the following ticket: Presidential of Rich, Electors—Wesley K. Walton,

C. E. Loose, of Utah, J. R. Murdock, of Beaver; Representative in ConSutherland, of Salt Lake; Justice of the Supreme Courtgress—George

George W. Bartch, of Salt Lake; Governor—Heber M. Wells, of Salt

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 959

Lake; Secretary of State—James T. Hammond, of Cache; AttorneyGen-

eral—M. A. Breeden, of Weber; Superintendent of Public Instruction

A. C. Nelson, of Sanpete; Treasurer—John DeGrey Dixon, of Utah;

Auditor—C. S. Tingey, of Juab.

5th: The population of Salt Lake City, as announced by the Census

Bureau, is 53,531, an increase in the decade of 19.37 per cent or 8,688

persons. * * * Embassadors at European capitals advise

Washington that there is no danger of a clash among the powers over the Chinese question.

6th: The Democratic State Convention met in Salt Lake City and

nominated for Representative in Congress—William H. King, of Salt

Salt Lake; Secretary of StateLake; Governor—James H. Moyle, of

Fisher S. Harris, of Salt Lake. Frank J. Cannon acted as temporary

chairman. 7th: The Democratic State ticket was completed by the nomination

of Henry N. Hayes, Sevier, for Auditor; R. C. Lund, Washington, for

Treasurer; A. J. Weber, Weber, for AttorneyGeneral; N. T. Porter,

Davis, Superintendent Public Instruction; 0. W. Powers, A. H. Tarbet

and I. C. Thoreson, for electors; J. W. N. Whitecotton, for Justice of

the Supreme Court.

8th: The N. G. of Utah passed in review before Governor Wells at

Camp Liscum. * * * ipjjg monitor Wyoming was launched

at the Union Iron Works, San Francisco, it being christened by a daughter of Senator Warren.

9th: A terrible tornado overwhelms Galveston, Texas; about five

thousand people are killed and nearly twenty millions of property destroyed. * * * Indications point strongly to the building

of a railroad from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles, by western capitalists one of whom is ExSenator Clark of Montana.

10th: The public schools opened in Salt Lake with an enrollment

of 10,801, and in Ogden with 3,890. * * * The number

of American missionaries murdered by Chinese is given as 22, while the

English is given as 71. The number of Chinese slain in the battle of

Tien Tsin is given as 2,000.

11th: Today closed the week's National Guard encampment at Camp

Liscum. * * * Rev. Daunt Scott returns to Salt Lake City.

* * * Twentythree hundred dead have been recovered from the ruins of Galveston.

12th: Senator Charles Warren Fairbanks, of Indiana, spoke in the

Salt Lake Theatre on campaign issues. * * * The death

list in Galveston is increasing, and the conditions are indescribable.

960 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Relief funds are established over the country. * * * President Kruger is in Lourenzo Marques, a fugitive, in Portuguese Territory.

* * * The United Mine Workers of America have ordered a strike to begin the 17th.

13th: A monument to Gen. Henry W. Lawton, was unveiled at

Fort Wayne, Indiana.

14th: Lord Roberts appeals to the Boers to lay down their arms,

pointing out that Kruger has abandoned them. * * * It is

reported that Russia and France will demand the disarmament of China.

* * * Hundreds of victims of the Galveston disaster are cremated as the gruesome work of cleaning away the debris goes on.

The exodus from the city grows daily.

15th: The C. A, Smurthwaite Company received notice of the

awarding to them of a gold medal at the Paris Exposition for Utah alfalfa and timothy seed. * * * Thousands of people have

lost their all in coast towns of Texas that were covered by the Galveston hurricane. * * * The great anthracite coal miners

strike practically began, and 145,000 coal miners in Pennsylvania will lay down their tools.

16th: Great Britain is considering the transfer of more soldiers

to China in view of further hostilities. A company of 14th United

States Infantry had a sharp engagement with 2,000 Boxers near Matow, in which the Chinese were routed, leaving 200 dead.

17th; Hon. A. W. McCune announces that he will not be a candidate

for the senate. * * * The great strike in the anthracite coal

mines is on. It is the greatest in the history of our country. The coal

fields affected represent the hard coal output of the world.

*A good book is like a good name—better than richesImprovement Era,

J ORGAN OF Jfi

Young Mens Mutual Improvement

ASSOCIATIONS.

Volume III.

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD.

Edited by JOSEPH F. SMITH and EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

HEBER J. GRANT and THOMAS HUIIv, Managers.

Salt Lake City,

18991900.

The Glofy of God is Intelligfcnce*

Improvement Era VoL IIL

INDEX TO SUBJECTS:

PAGE. PAGE.

Acts of Special Providence in Causes Leading up to the ReMissionary Experience....30, 171 formation 280, 338

Advice to Writers 153 Caution Against Debt 622

Always Tell Mother 899 Census. The Twelfth 598

American Port in China, An... 231 Children Restored to Health... 171

Anecdotes, Collection of 65, 260, China, The Revolution in.. 734,

263, 421, 424, 426 853, 927 Annual M. I, A.Conference.The 634 Chinese Education 756

Annual Conference of the ImChrist Crucified? On What Day

provement Associations, The Was 89 693. 707. 788 Collection Day for the General

Answers to Manual Questions 236 Improvement Fund 152

Answers to Questions 393, 394, Collection of Anecdotes:

553. 556, 557. 956 Brother's Definition of Gross

Are we Americans? 933 Darkness, A 426

Apostle Lyman's Mission to Incident of the Camp, An.... 263

the Indians 510 Introduction 65

Aspirations of Youth 509 Memories of the Past—Reflections on the Fall ofNauvoo 424Be Happy, My Boy 273 There is a Life Bej'ond 421Be Not Discouraged 428 Was it Theft? 260Be, Therefore, Loving 22

Consolation 109Boer Envoys, and the Relationship Between England and Contrast, A 347

America, The 616 Corianton 760. 835

Cupid Interviewed 348Boer War, The 860

Book Cultivation of Literary Style, of Mormon, The Original The; 313 6r of the Manuscript

Book Review: Death of Chief Washakie 472

Church Chronology 145 Death of President Franklin

Life of David W. Patten 478 Dewey Richards 230

Missouri Persecutions q47 Determined Doer, The 613

Mormons and Mormouism... 477 Don't Send My Boy Where

Sketches of Missionary Life 238 Your Girl Can't Go 26

Topical Bible, The 478 Deference for Sacred Places.... 305

Y. M. M. I. A. and MissionEditor's Table: ary Hymn and Tune Book 145 Airships 946

American Port in China, An 231

Brigham Young Academy ExAnarchy 937 ploring Expedition 543, 937 Annual Conference of the ImBrilliants 443 provement Associations,

British and the Boers, The 37 The 693

Building 858 Boer Envoys, and the RelaBurns, Spiritual Side of 165 tionship Between England

Business Training 658 and America 616

Business View of the Word of Boer War, The 860

Wisdom 143 Brigham Young Academy

Can We Forget? 481 Exploring Expedition 543, 937

IV INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAGE.

Business View of the Word First Vision, The 682; Love ior of Wisdom, A; I43 Flowers for the Dead

Death of Chief Washakie 472 the Living 486

Death of President Franklin Forgiveness 362

Dewey Richards 230 For the Salvation of S0UIS..329, 412

Destruction of Galveston 939 Friendly Handclasp, The 275

Historic Parallels 703 Friendship, Love and Truth.... 926

How are you Going to Vote? 943

"Inspired Translation,"The 388 General Conference, Y. M. M.

Lord Russell 94i I. A 476

Ministers and Money 861 Gentleman and a Scholar, A... 767

Ministers and Saltair, The... 782 Gibson, Walter M 395

Mission Work 471 Gift of Tongues and Prophecy,

Missouri Persecutions 937 The 30

Morality Alone is Insufficient Give Yourself. 470

for Salvation 778 God's Kin 746

Movements in the Religious Gospel Studies:

World 626 Reality and Significance of

New Edition of "Succession,"Heaven and Hell, The 198

A 701 Gross Darkness, A Brother's

Only Surviving Son of SidDefinition of 426 ney Rigdon, The 697 Original Manuscript of the Harvest Time 87

Book of Mormon, The... 61, 389 Healing, Two Cases of 33

Prayers and Work for the Helaman 571

Dead 698 Helen Keller 896 Question on Tithing, A 233 He Liveth Long Who Liveth

Reynolds'Chart of Nephite Well 843 and Lamanite History 629 Hints on Presiding 386

Roberts'Case, The 307 His Inspiration 174

Scofield Mine Disaster, The 620 Historic Parallels 703

Seek Wisdom 864 History ot Religions, The Paris

South African War, The 776 Congress of the 69

Talks to Young Men: Holy Ghost, The Mission and

Caution Against Debt 622 Necessity of the 116

Deference for Sacred Places 305 Hoppicking in Kent 611

Hints on Presiding 386 Humble Devotion vs. Military

Regard for the Priesthood 540 Glory 300

Visit of Cuban Teachers, The 784 How I Became a "Mormon"... 23

Ecumenical Conference, Some How I Obtained a Testimony of

Figures from the 597 the Gospel 493

Elder's Return, An 32 How Shall We Preach? no

Era as a Text Book, The 72 Important Instructions to MuEstimate of the Scandinavian tual Improvement Workers.. 548

Jubilee, An 747 Incident of the Camp, An 263

Events of the Month, 79, 155, Independence Day in Mexico.. 645

239.316.397.479.558,636,717,797, Indians, Apostle Lyman's Mis876, 957 sion to the 510

Every Progressive President Inhabitants of Samoa, Their

Should Answer, Yes 78 Social Life and Customs, The 44

Evil Spirits Rebuked 30 In Lighter Mood 71, 148,

Experiences in the Life of Pres235. 311. 547. 631, 706, 786,

ident Wilford Woodruff... 161, 359 867, 9SI

Expulsion from Missouri, The 629 "Inspired Translation,"The... 388

Instructions to Missionaries 126

Fatherhood of God, The 595 In the Andes 857

First Mission to the Lamanites 10 In the Stillness 95

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE.

Is it the Dawn of the MillenMission Work 471 nium? 914 M. I. Work in San Francisco.. 315

Mohammed and the Saracens.. 503

Jesus and Joseph—History ReMorality Alone is Insufficient

peating Itself 721 for Salvation 778

Joseph Smith from a PhiloMormons and Mormonism 477 sophic Point of View 38 Mother's Dues 770

Movements in the Religious Kingdom of Heaven, The..401, 496 World 626

Kruger, An Opinion of Paul... 724 Mutual Improvement Speakers'

Contest, The Labor, The Nobility of. 81 632, 666, 673, 683, 741, 829

Lamanites, First Mission to the 10 My Kingdom 259

Learning to Sing 886 My Prayer 208

Let Each Man Learn to Know Himself 299 Nature and Origin ot Man, from

Letters from Missionaries: the Standpoint of Revelation

A Dream 614 and Reason 816 Honor Your Parents 518 Nature's Testimony 114

Way Cleared, The 679 Necessity of Officers'Meetings 151

Purity 517 Nephite's Commandments to

Who Will Join this Cause?... 680 his Three Sons, A:

Word of Wisdom 614 Corianton 760, 835

Life and Labors of Sidney RigHelaman 571 don, The Shiblon 653 97. 218, 265, 350, 458, 487, 579 New Edition of "Succession,"

Life of David W. Patten 478 A 701

Light, Truth and Love 932 Nobility of Labor, The 81

Lighter Mood, In 71, 148, Notes 146, 234, 310,.235.311.547.631,706,786,867, 949 390,475.545.630.704,785.865, 949

Liquid Air, and some of the Extravagant Claims Made for Only Surviving Son of Sidney

It 51 Rigdon, The 696 Little Things 34 On What Day was Christ CruLoving Words 185 cified? 89

Opinion of Paul Kruger, An... 724

Magic Word, The 733 Organization 384

Make Good Use of God's Gifts Original Manuscript of the to You 383 Book of Mormon, The 61, 389

Man, Nature and Origin of, Origin of Some Popular War from the Standpoint of RevSongs 328 elation and Reason 816 Our Work:

Manual, 19001901 477 Advice to Writers 153

Manuscript Found, The Annual M. I. A. Conference,

241, 377, 451 The 634, 707, 788

Memories of the Past 424 Answers to Manual Questions 236

Method of Roll Call, A 149 Answers to Questions:

Methods and Motives of Science, Can a Teacher Ordain a

The 250 Teacher? 956

Ministers and Money 861 Concerning Zion 394

Ministers and Saltair, The 782 Form of the Lord's Prayer 393

Mission and Necessity of the Number of Gospel DispenHoly Ghost, The 116 sations 394

Missionaries, Instructions to... 126 Official Name of the

Missionaries, Their Preparation Church, The 556 and Labor, The 75 Order of Ordaining an

Missionary Labor 715 Elder 393

VI INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAGE.

Prophecy ofZechariah ConDetermined Doer, The 613 cerning Joseph Smith, Don't Send my Boy Where

The 553 your Girl Can't go 26 Setting an Elder Apart as a Flowers for the Dead; Love

Teacher 557 for the Living 486

Sword of Laban,The 557 Friendship, Love and Truth 926

Who Fixes the Tithing God's Kin 746

Prices? 393 Harvest Time 87

Call for Officers'Stake ConHe Liveth Long who Liveth ventions—Piogram of InWell 843

structions, A 870 Independence Day in Mexico 645. Collection Days for the GenIn the Andes 857

eral Improvement Fund... 152 In the Soilness '.. 95

Close of the Third Volume... 955 Let Each Man Learn to Know

Cultivation of Literary Taste, Himself 299

The 313 Light, Truth and Love 932

Era as a Text Book, The 72 Loving Words 185

Era Free, The 956 Magic Word, The 733

Every Progressive President My Kingdom 259

Should Answer, Yes 78 My Prayer 208

General Conference Y. M. M. Nature's Testimony 114

I- A 476 Pilgrims 815 Important Instructions to Point of View, The 918

Mutual Improvement Procrastination 125

Workers 548 Reverie, A 9 Local Missionary Work 952 Scofield Mine Disaster, The.. 661

Manual 19001901 477 Send a Prayer to Heaven 594

Method of Roll Call, A 149 Silence a Sin 755

Missionaries, Their PreparaSometime 533 tion and Labor, The 75 Star of Bethlehem, The 587

Missionary Labor 715 Sunshine and Shadow of Life 538

M. I. Work in San Francisco 315 Through Christ and RepentMutual Improvement Speakance are ye Saved 436

ers'Contest, The 632 Utah, Star of the West 678

Necessity of Officers'MeetVoice of Spring, The 495 ings, The 151 We are not Here to Sigh.... 189

Printed Invitations to Attend Whisperings of Nature 895 the First Meeting 73 Why Don't You Laugh? 217

Rebate on the Era, A 151 Pioneer Monument, The 881

Title of Officers 476 Point of View, The 918

Y. M. M. I A. Convention... 954 Powder and the Bullet, The 395

Paris Congress of the History Prayers and Work for the Dead 698 of Religions, The 69 Preach? How Shall We no

Philosophy of Trial, The 741 Printed Invitations to Attend

Pilgrims 815 the First Meeting 73

Pilgrims: The Pioneers, The... 641 Procrastination 125

Pioneer Monument The 8S1 Prophecy, The Gift of Tongues

Poetry and 30 Always Tell Mother 899 Prophecy, The Spirit of 32

Aspirations of Youth 509 233 Be Happy, My Boy 273 Question on Tithing, A

Be, Therefore, Loving 22 Questions, Answers to 393, 394, 553

Brilliants 44 Reality and Significance of

Building 858 Heaven and Hell, The 198

Consolation 109 Rebate on the Era, A., 151

Contrast, A 347 Reflections on the Fall of NauCupid Interviewed 348 voo 424

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE... PAGE.

Reformation, Causes Leading Spirit of Prophecy, The 32 up to the 280,338 Spiritual Side of Burns 165

Regard for the Priesthood 540 Stake Conventions, A Call for

Religion on Samoa 174, 395 OflScers'870

Religions, The Paris Corjgress Star of Bethlehem, The 587 of the History of...; 69 Statistical Report of the Y. M.

Respect for Self 603 M. I. A. for the Year Ending

Returned Elder, The 27 April 30, 1900 712

Revelation by Works and Word 335 Stonehenge 590

Reverie, A 9 Stratfordon-Avon 687

Revolution in China, The 734, "Succession,"A New Edition 853. 927 of 701

Reynolds'Chart of Nephite Sunshine and Shadow of Life.. 538

and Lamanite History 629 Richards, Death of President Theology in Education:

Franklin Dewey 230 Place of Theology in the DoRide on the Locomotive of the main of Human Learning "Empire State Express."A 407 ";; 321,444

Rigdon, The Life and Labors Theology as a Branch of of Sidney Study 525, 604 Theology in Our Church 97. 218, 265, 350, 458, 487, 579

Rigdon, The Only Surviving Schools 844

Son of Sidney 696 There is aLife Beyond 421 "Thou Shalt Have no OtherRoar of the Cataract, The 647

Gods before Me"919 Thou Shalt Not 666Salmon River Mission,The 801,900

Salvation Diversified 662 Through Christ and RepentSamoa, Religion on 175 ance are Ye Saved 436

Samoa, The Inhabitants of. Tithing, A Question on 233 Their Social Life and CusTithing—A Young Man's Extoms 44 perience 772

Scandinavian Jubilee, An EsTitle of Officers 476 To Him That Overcometh 121 timate of the 747

Science, The Methods and MoTongues and Prophecy, The tives of 250 Gilt of 30 Scofield Mine Disaster, The 620, 661 Topical Bible, The 478

Seek Wisdom 864 Trip South with President

Young in 1870, A...293, 363, 431Send a Prayer to Heaven 594

Seventh Day and Sabbath, The 276 Twelfth Census, The 598

Shiblon 653 Two Cases of Healing 33

Shiz, the Headless 588 Utah, Star of the West 678Silence a Sin 755

Silent Forces 437 Visit of Cuban Teachers, The 784

Smith, Joseph, from a PhiloVoice of Spring, The 495 sophic View 38

Some Figures from the EcuWalks and Talks with Unbemenical Conference 597 lievers 186

Sometime 523 Was it Theft? 260

South African War, The We are not Here to Sigh 189...134,209, 284, 370,463.532.776 We Walk by Faith 561

Speakers'Contest, The: What Can We Know? 521

Expulsion from Missouri, Whisperings of Nature 895

The 829 Why Don't You Laugh? 217

First, Vision, The 683 Woodruff, Experiences in the

Joseph Smith—His Mission Life of President Wilford...

and Persecution 673: 161, 359

Philosophy of Trial, The... 741 Word of Wisdom, A Business

Thou Shalt Not 666 View of the 143 mil INDEX TO AUTHORS.

PAGE. PAGE.

Work and Keep Your Promises 190 Young, A Trip South with

President, in 1870...293, 363, 431

"Yankee Doodle"34 Zionist Movement, The i

INDEX TO AUTHORS.

Adams, Samuel L 421 Nelson, N. L 198, 844

Alcott, Louisa M 259 Nibley C. W 165

Alder, Lydia D 611, 919 Nicholson, John 816

Anderson, Edward H. 510,598, 870 Orton, Joseph 32Anderson, Nephi...27, 109, 329,

412,641, 933 Paul, J. H 401, 496

Berry, C. G 687 Pearson, Sarah E 87,486, 645

Bluth, John V 801, 900 Princess Amelia 347

Bonar, Horatius 843 Brown, Mark C 673 Randall, Harley P 518

Burton, Wm. W 539 Reynolds, George 588

Bush, Charles C 661 Richards, L. L. Greene 858, 932

Butterworth, Hezekiah 857 Richards, Samuel W 384

Roberts, B. H 570, 653, 760

Carlquist, Carl Hjalmar 641 Robinson, Ezra C 30

Clayton, W. P 614 Rogers, D. J 614

Clawson, Spencer 881 CluflF, W. W 428 Savage, C. R 293, 363, 431

Connelly, Daniel 772 Shepherd, Warren 503

Crockett, Fred. W 116 Sjodahl, J. M 747

Sloan, W. J 260, 666

Davis, D. E 658 Smith, Jesse N 424

Done, Willard 321, 444, 525, 604 Smith, Joseph F...61, 241, 305,

Grant, HeberJ 81, 190,300, 886 377. 386, 451. 540, 622 Spencer, John T 276

Hall, Mosiah.... 756 Stewart, Lewis 95

Hill, Geo. E 407 Stoney, J. H 614

Thos.Howells, J 829 Talmage, James 53, 250, 481 EHull, Thomas.. 79, 126, 155, 239, M...I, 134, 209, 284, Tanner, J.

316, 397.479,636, 707, 717, 370. 463.532, 734,853. 927

788, 797, 870, 876, 957 Taylor, Alma O 682

Islaub, Geo. H 171 Taylor, Frank Y 870

Jaques, John....io, 97, 218, 265, Walker, C. L 426, 594

350, 458, 487, 558, 579 Ward, J. H 186, 523, 914

Jensen, Junius C 33 Watkins, Chas. F 89

Webster, Daniel 603 1Kempe, Christopher 517 Whalen, Sara 263, 647, 896Kimball, 870 J. Golden.. White, Henry Kirke 587

Lauritzen, Annie G 436, 678 Whitney, O. F 348

Lauritzen, J. M 895 Whittier, John G 208

Lee, W. O 44, 175 Widtsoe, John A 561

Lesueur, James W 679 Wilcox, Ella Wheeler 746

Little, Malcom 724 Woodruff, Abraham 161, 359

Lyman, Richard R 632 Woodruff, Lloyd 114..35, 123, 274, 335,Maeser, Karl G 23 Wootton, A.

Mangnm, Lester 280, 338,, 521. 595 733 Workman, J. L 680Montgomery, James 509

Morton, Wm. A; 493 Young, Levi Edgar 38, 767Naisbitt, H. W 9, no, 437, 662, 926 Young, Richard W 721, 918

I 3

ce Wheatine s

THE

ABSOLUTELY PERFECT I BREAKFAST FOOD>

.I I choicest quality white |I Made from the

California wheat. iI

. SI All the woody fibre taken off

t I All the Qluten retained. |

c 2e t

i S I I FOR SALE 9 I BY ALL FIRST CLASS I S GROCERS. I

S I S I TABUIESBIPA-N-S Doctors find A Good Prescription Ibrma

TB for fire cenU.at DrniglfU. Orocen, Restaarute,

Saloons, NewsStands, General Stores and Barber*

Shops. They banish pain, induce sleep, and prolong life.

One gives relief I No mattr wnat's (he matter, one will do you good. Ten samples and one thousand testimonials sent by mail to any address on receipt of price,

fcy tbe.Ripans CheBucal Co., lo.Sprnce St., New York City.

(when writing to advertisers mention the era.)

Scenic liNE=World

;RIOGRANDt MAILROAD.

THE POPULAR THROUGH

CAR LINE FROM THE NORTHWEST -TO ALL POINTS EAST a F. NEVINS. Central Agent S. K. HOOPER, G. P. & T. A.

SALT LAKE QTY. UTAH DENVER. jQi

Oregon Short Line Railroad

Operating 1421 Miles of Railroad through the Thriving States of

UTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROAD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

Pour Daily Trains between SAJLT LAKE CITY and OGDEN. The POPULAR

LiENE to aU Utah Mining Districts. The Only Boad to MEROUR.

The Fastest Service to All Points East.

BUY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE "SHORT LINE,"UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

City Ticket Office, No. 100 West Second South St., Salt Lake City.

S. W. ECCLES, General Traffic Manager. D. E. BURLEY, Gen. Pass, and Ticket Agt

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest and General Manager.

(WHKN WRITING TO ADVBRTISICRS MNTIOK THK BRA.)

STODDflllO jUIFG. GO WEBEH WflGOJlS

Tigep and GfaDgep Hakes

The old reliable. More in use

than total of other kinds.

Havana Press Drills Insure even growth, and use one

I- <* KND third less seed and raise one third larger crops.

BOB SLEDS KING OF Alili. Beck Hav Loaders

Save time and hay. Strongest

made. Will elevate from swath,

wind row, or cocks.

GoOD6raiiiv6 Wagon & MacHlne 60,

EXCLUSIVE AGENTS IN UTAH AND IDAHO FOR ABOVE LiINES.

GEO. T. ODELL, General flanager.

w$ Can Sav you Tm'On anything you want in the line of Guns, Ammunition, Fishing

Tackle, Pistols, Baseball Goods, Boxing Gloves, Athletic

Goods, Tents, in fact all kinds of Shooting, Fishing, Camping and Sporting Goods. Also Kodak and Photographic Supplies.

Send for our New Catalogue ofWMOIvKSATvE PRICES.

it is TREE to all.

We carry six different makes of BICYCLES (about eighty different kinds).

If you want anything in our line get our prices.

BROiAiNING BROTHERS CO..

155 Main St., 2461 Wasliington Ave.,

Salt Lake City. Ogden, Utah.

(when writing to advkrtiskrs mkntion thb kra.)

m'-'im.stSFm

B. H. ROBERTS'

NEW BOOKS 5? K

The Missouri Perseouiions AND

TI16 Rise and Paii ot Nauvoo

ARE INDISPENSABLE TO

STUDENTS OF THE

YJJ.I.AJANUALF0R1900-1.J

PRICE OF EACH, CLOTH BOUND,

. I 25 POSTPAID $

'"+4"*'4'++4*+'i*4'

The firstnamed work is now on sale and the other is in press and will be ready for delivery before the Associations begin for the coming season.

jt.tSEND ORDERS AT ONCE TO

GEO. Q. CflHrlOH & sons CO.,

1113 Main Street, Salt Iiake City, Utah.

(when writing to advertisers MENl ION THE ERA.)

mm kXTfW? GflflMPION

jj*s* Six -Roller Harvesters and Binders, FARM AND FREIGHT Light Folding Reapers,

Combined Reapers and Mowers, and Draw Cut Mowers,WAGONS CONSTITUTES THE -*s- ]Vlost Cotxiplete Itine of aehlnevy

C&vvled In the State.

Sold exclusively by the Cooperative Wagon & tF'The Success we have experienced Machine Co., in Utah

in ttie Sale of These Machines has been and Idaho. Phenomenal.

A Celebrated Case. The Best liine

-0- M There is only one Threshing outfit made that gives Entire STEEL PLOWS

Satisfaction.

AND

During 1897 and 1898 there were sold in Utah and Idaho HARROWS more Case outfits than all others combined.

.. Is Made by..

WiW JOHN DEERE & CO., J. I. CASE T. M. CO.,

"'Racine, Wis. MOLINE, ILL.

GOOPEHATIVE (QflGOli & CO., WM

EXCLUSIVE AGENTS IN UTAH AND IDAHO FOR ALL ABOVE LINES. N Od

HEBER J. GRANT, President. JOSEPH F. SHITH, VicePrest.

Melvin D. WELLS,GEO. T. ODELL9

General Manager. Secretary and Treasurer.

(when writing to advertisers mention the era.)

CO., Agts.HEBER J. GRANT &

20 to 26 South IWain Street, Salt Iiake City.

ARE YOU INSURED?

IE NOT, WHY NOT?

Take Your Choice of Four Strong Companies.

The Hartford North British and Mercantile Fire Insurance COMPANY, (United States Branch.)

Hlartford., Conn.

Assets, Jan. i, 1900, - $4,037,62499

Net Surplus, over all Assets, Jan. i, 1900, - $11,00258802 liabilities, - - 1,791.83897

life assets fire and combined The

Mercantile British and Net Surplus, over all of the North liabilities - - 3,810,204.50 are over $65,000,000.

"INSURE TODAY, LATE."TO/WORROW MAY BE TOO

German Pennsylvania

American Fire Insurance INSWRKNCB CO0025F=KNV, NEW YORK. r=>lxila.dLe;lph.ia..

Assets, Jan. i, 1900, - $8,125,840.42 Assets, Jan. I, 1900, - $5.i7i.3o6.2i

Net Surplus, over all Net Surplus, over all liabilities, - - 3.678.999 liabilities - - 2,181,94526

lets the Insurance Companies Carry his Fire Risk A Wise Man

. and then Stops Worrying.

WRITE CO., Agts.HEBER J. GRANT & Hake City. 20 to 26 South IWaln Street, Salt

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

BEST LOCAL TRAIN SERVICE

OGDEN AND SALT LAKE CITY, PROVO, ETC.

I i 3 RIO GRANDE 3 CHOICE DAILY TRAINS WESTERN OF RAILWAY. TO

ROUTES EAST. THE EAST.

Pallman Sleepers to Chicago without change. Perfect Dining

Car Service. 3 3

GEO. W. HEINTZ,

General Passenger Agent, Salt Lake City,

VALUABLE TEXT BOOKS FOR THEOLOGICAL CLASSES OF

"SABBATH SCHOOLS QUORUMS.

The M, I.A.Manuals

J. The Life of Jesus. book on the history of the Church

2. The Apostolic Age. from J 805 to J 839 and containing

3. The Dispensation of the Fullmany choice items not generally

ness of Times. Being a text accessible. Price 25c each.

Send 214 lempleton Bidg. ffilTHOMAS HULL

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

(WHENWHITING TO ADVERTISERS MENTION THE ERA.)

CO., MARTIN WAGNER

RAOKBRs OK Baltimore, Nld..,

KT THE SIGN OF THE OVSTEtS, DOG'S HEKD LOOK FOR THE HlOHEtT PEFECTION IN CANNED QOOOt.

DOQ'S HEAD VEGETflBLiES.

CORN TOMATOES PEAS PINEAPPLE PEARS LIMA BEANS APPLES STRING BEANS PUMPKIN BLUE BERRIES PEACHES STRAW BERRIES OYSTERS BLACK BERRIES SWEET POTATOES.

BRAND. I The Highest Achievement in Canned Goods. BAKED EANS )

WERNICKE BOOK CASES. LIBRARY GLOBES.

C. 8t CO., F- WEBEH

SCHOOL, CHURCH mo OPERA HOUSE FURNITURE. Sehool Supplies.

Telephone 489-4. B. A. McMILiLEN, Manager.

77 W. First South Street, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

TWIN

BROTHERS MUSH

Delicious. Nntrltions.

Economical.

THE FAVORITE BREAKFAST FOODS Specially adapted for Children, Aged People and Invalids.

- A''GROCERS SELL IT.

(WHBN WKITING TO ADVEKTI8BR8 MENTION THB ERA.)

'LrkbIkkb Cixv.Citv. t y /'Tf\/\ T SkltSklt

.\jrTJ5H.

MANUFACTURERS "AND i.mIMPOHTEKS OF DEALERS AND

Q-eneral Merchandise. ofr,

Our Extensive Stock is the Largest and Best \

Selected in the State, and we have the

BEST GOODS AT LOWEST PRICES.

OUR MATVTMOTH ESTABLISHMENT CONDUCTS BUSINESS.it—,

WfioIvEsaIvK jmd Retail.

We keep everything New and Up=toDate for all

Family Supplies. In making small profits

OUR MOTTO IS LIVE, AND LET LIVE.

OGDEN, PROVO, IDAHO T-i-LLS, John Watson, Manag'er. L. O. Taft, Managrer. B. BennooC, Managrer.

OFFICERSPresident, Lorenzo Snow, Secretary, Thomas G. Webber, VicePresident, George Q. Cannon, Treasurer, A. W. Carlson.

F. Joseph Smith, H. Geo. Romney, Barnes, Dinwoodev, John B. P. T. Heber J, R. Winder, Grant, DIRECTORS: H, Lund, John Farnswo'rth. Anthon TV

John Henry Smith, Francis M. Lyman, William H. Mclntyre.

T. Q. WEBBER, SUPERINTENDENT.

iili@j@iaMKMSJS3MisM@isisiaiaE(a'Sja!3ia'3ia'ai5i

Owift's 1 remium 11ams

Cooked in any manner are always delicious and of superior quality. Swifts Premium Bacon has

the delicate flavor and dainty appearance so essential in breakfast bacon. Inspected by U. S.

W Government.

Swift and Company

Chicago Kansas City Omaha St. Louis St. Joseph St. Paul