/llmprouementlfra

APRIL, 1946 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH Gee, Mom, I'll soon be OUT of these O.D.'s One more of YOUR

iHL..or meals, and the buttons would pop

off anyway. What's cookin',

goodlookin'? \\ This and

Eco lomy, Too"One ofyour favorites, dear:

Lamb Chops., very SPECIAL

... cooked in my new GAS

broiler.

The chops are sizzling, but there's Pardon, may I add my twocents'worth?

no smoke... notice? Thegas flame (THRIFTY of the Gas Flame Quints)... Gas

lights itself and I can regulate it cooking saves nutrients; reduces shrinkage;

with a touch of the dial. I'm so costs practically nothing for upkeep, little for

proud of my new "CP"Gas fuel. Now here's the RECIPE for those tasty

range. lamb chops. Try it I

mi j im r j 1 1 j j -w e RECIPE BRO(lE0 UM8 CH()p$ Preferably usp fh* at g$f * 6"""* is "-me PUStfturn ga oStsP'y CI

bysamPfl'nutesf'<-broiana. v?'PIatt<*- AUow? 1on other

Whs recipe supp]iPPned,,by your

B, nPanys Home Service rp

Mom, K-ration is but a fading memory!

?. Now, /f Sis could cook like YOU, maybe

she'd LAND that j.g. Me, "I want a

/ girl just like the girl who married dear old Dad."THCWfSTPRttttS

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

She Forgot Everything

'thlAnwsJidJL But Her

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. t

Cmall pieces of choice jade in China * in are frequently wrapped soft *a I GRRHRMS * next leather or on a cord silk and worn heat In time the to the body. and v changes of themoisture body human the texture, the color becomes darker,.. 4.

and the surface contracts. 1 'f

A blackberry without thorns has "been released to the English public by the John Innes Horticultural Institu- *JV tion, a development of work started in ".V r -Vw? 1912.

the research on\T7artime v human in Britain, scabies ease of Great disWorth Remembering When You & for patients, volunteers using disease is not likely to be transmitted found the Want Delicious, Oven Fresh Flavor by any means other than human con- 3?

tact, and that the incubation period is often a month or more after infection.

As a result of the testing of various of practicures of treatment,methods L of this itching disease cally all cases can PURITYbe made in a very short time of those #MRMS who do not develop an immunity by themselves. &&*

Antibiotics, or germkilling sub- * stances, can be produced not only by molds ( such as penicillin ), bacteria, #-&5zs&k* and algae, but now may be found in leaves and fruits of a wide range of plants. Substances powerful enough to

kill staphylococcus germs have been found in mullein, peony, and Scotchthistle leaves, and the fruit of the blue- M It might as well berry, currant, mountain ash, and

honeysuckle. be spring***

A new glass has been developed which *** will withstand hydrofluoric acid.

The new glass contains phosphorus pentoxide instead of sand, and glassware, factoryused for laboratory will be s* <&.sfiSaV

and laboratory windows, and safety \\i%.i>/ '

goggles. 4: TVothers used to think of the spring sunshine for their children with

Ceventeen American ships have been "* A a little worry about how much damage the children had suffered by converted to mule carriers. The ships lack of sunshine during the winter. But now, medical and nutrition

carry from mules, with 320 to 699 sick authorities know that the mother who has given her children during the sixteen thirtytwo mules. tobays for

The stalls are built to take care of mules winter an adequate daily quantity of milk that contains 400 units of of various sizes, allowing more space vitamin D per quart, has given them just as good assurance of sufficient for the Missouri than for the slightly vitamin D—as good assurance, that is, of developing sound teeth and

smaller Texas mule. To help reduce bones and making normal growth—as if they had been playing in bright

seasickness the stalls are built crosswise. sunshine all winter. Many thousands of mothers have given their babies

and children this happy assurance through the use of

IIexico is larger in area than France, Sego Milk, which always contains the required amount

A Spain, Italy, Germany, and Ausof vitamin D and which, incidentally, costs less gentria combined. erally than ordinary milk.

Tt has been estimated that the average fall time to necessary asleep is fourminutes,teen the years and when the SEGOOriginatorMILKof EvaporatedPRODUCTSMilk in the IntermountainCOMPANYWest most dreaming occurs is between the Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl. Idaho

ages of 20 and 25.

APRIL 1946 193 J'altk Jhe Ccover of the spires AsBy Elaine V. Emans The

serve Hall sembly the of us to remind faith been has Never the of diligent worship lovelier now, than QmprweniSFTk matpioneers who, no it I seen have Though ter the urgency what unproved, in a dream of of hour, the gave APRIL, 1946 VOLUME 49, NO. 4

their time and their And through a night money in order to "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"too dark for any build and enter houses Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement star, of worship. This unAssociations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward Felt it about a mounusual photograph of Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of tain to be moved,

the spires over the Latterday Saints And often deep in

Temple Square wall is praying. But somethe work of Jeano Orhow

lando, adapted best: not is the for * This cover use by Charles where you knowing

Jacobsen. are (Though it's in some nor corner) remotest Jke (L*ditor6 J-caae danger, In what bright Lhurch of the The Sacredness of the SacramentGeorge Albert Smith 206 Theyettimebelievingis past, whenyou'll have surmounted war, Lhurch featured And,youwellwill andcomehappy,again. P\r. John A. Widtof the Council soe V* Moyle 207 of Church Henry D* Welfare Ten Years

will of the Twelve in the 212 B, Sperry Universals Book of Mormon....Sidney be Some of the the "Church

Air"speaker on the Forty Years Ago Albert L. Zobell, Jr* 218 Columbia BroadcastEvidences and Reconciliations: Oil—Does Science ConChange of Address:

ing System Sunday, tribute to Religious Faith John A. Widtsoe 225

renotice days'Fifteen 7. April program The..238 222 Teaching Church Ward The Moves On of adfor quired change will at 10:00 heard be NoLiquor-Tobacco Column ordering dress. a When a.m., S.T., 222, E. 223 9:00 Mutual Messages 235 include please change, 8:00 C.S.T., M.S.T., Priesthood: Melchizedek Convert's 234 Genealogy: Con- A stencil from impression a 7:00 P.S.T. and His

tribution to 237 Aaronic Work..239 Temple the of magarecent issue subject will "Faith be

in an Atomic World."zine. Address changes

cannot be made unless Jpeciat the old address as well as the new one is included. >F J-eateaCurei

Editors A Mormon Wife—The Life Story of Augusta Winters Executive and Editorial George Albert Smith Grant—XTV: Conclusion Mary Grant Judd 216 Offices:

John A. Widtsoe Seen 219 Have Not Asahel D. Woodruff The Realm We

Square...Richard from Temple The Spoken L Evans Word Editor Managing 220 50Salt NorthLake CityMain 1, Street,Utah.

the Universe, FrankLines 202 Richard L Evans Exploring

Copyright 1946 by Mulin S. Harris, 193 Indian Jr Chance to be An LifeA

Inc., tual Funds, a CorEditor Associate Living, Better Field Garner..203 For Queen, Jean AnderMary

Marba C. Josephson son 1 95 Letters of Confidence, Phil poration of the Young

On the Bookrack 196 Hannum 204 Men's Mutual ImproveGeneral Manager Teaching Your Boys and Girls, Homing: Points for Painters, ment Association of the

George Q. Morris H. H. Bailey 198 Katherine Dissinger 226 Church of Jesus Christ of

China of the Hundred FamiCook's Corner, Josephine B. Latterday Saints. All

Associate Manager lies, Hundred Languages, Nichols 226 rights reserved. SubscripLucy G. Cannon C. A. Scheinert 202 Your Page and Ours 256 tionin advance;price, $2.0020c a singleyear,

Business Manager copy.

John D. Giles Entered at the Post

Editorial Associates (L-cLLtorials Office, Salt Lake City, secondclass Utah, as J. Moffitt Elizabeth

matter. for Acceptance L.. Richard 224 Evans Jr. Anniversary Albert LZobell,

special mailing of rate at Lundstrom Harold Welfare Richard L> 224 Evans in for provided postage National Advertising Our Good Wishes to an Associate Richard L. Evans 224 section 1103, Act of OcRepresentatives tober, 1917, authorized

Francis M. Mayo, July 2, 1918.

Salt Lake S. Townsend, Edward City Storied, Joetoeim, is Thenot responsibleImprovementfor unEra

San Francisco and solicited manuscripts, but

Los Angeles Sold for Freedom Cecilia J. Carpenter 210 welcomes contributions.

and Dougan and Bolle, Hungry Sheep Blanche Kendall McKey 214 All manuscripts must be Chicago

New York Faith, Elaine V. Emans 194 Proof of Title, Lucretia Penny 228 accompanied by suffiMaurine 200 Jacobs Poetry 238 for delivery cient postage Audit Bureau of Member, Daughter, Eddie C. WilTrees,My Home Again, Ray C. Davis....204 and return. Circulations

lis 205 242 Frontispiece Purpose, Louis E. Thayer 227

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR BETTER LIVING

By Jean Anderson

Aheritage of liberty rooted deep in the soil belongs to both my husband and myself, and we feel that contact with the good earth makes for KNOWS A FEW living. better

selected of earth fragment The we city BEAUTY SECRETS'for comprises only two a home herself first this lots. to attracted were keeps She We

beau in running yomW* the of spot water sound knows by she all, t,J- I others, creek. Like nearby a many. Mother too the colorapp She river carried from over have a memory and makes*a comfortfew charm add The We O It vital of Wool childhood. part of exis a me, quality and appeal

erting an unconscious influence upon much that I do.

We have made many changes during the past twenty years. A wire fence replaces the old wooden one. Covered

with ivy at the alley line, it makes an effective and beautiful screen at any season. To be sure, it has to be disciplined occasionally by means of the

pruningWe haveshears.a small but productive -J:J

vegetable and herb garden together with a few choice fruit trees and berry bushes. On many excursions to the

woods we brought home a variety of native trees, shrubs, and flowering transplanting corner plants for in a far /f your Th of the spendback yard. The maples, y

thrifts to of soil continued nourishment, 3 het e! w',?"evergreens, the take the from away o- dv-M n for so necessary normal food growth 'i0r ** she favors sacrificed. to they t stumps be had The ** gift tu* Ch

a Wol call built the three pools we remain.We o- TheZ i if to SUlt, her'* in *m*nan Pastcl hlllgned lakes.the yard, small our We,,CVer on2 back The

on high ground, is shallow. Here robins

and sparrows, goldfinch and phoebes drink and bathe. It flows through a

pebbly stream bed and over a ledge of rock into a larger pool below. Beneath this ledge the fronds of a woodfern reach for the lifting spray. And

this pool has an outlet into a large, reflecting one—our great lake. What

matter if the source of the highest one is the city water pipe, carefully disguised with rocks and moss, so that the water seems to be issuing cool and clear from a native spring!

A portion of the ground remained uncultivated during daughter's our season, nd ote years.childhood she raced Here with "*?

her dog, hid among the tall bracken, climbed the big cherry tree, or felt the rhythm of a tall swing's curving flight.

We called it our freedom space. Recently, we reclaimed a part of it for

more garden, fruit trees, grapevines, 1 and berry bushes.

Already it has given generously to more than our physical needs: often,

under great emotional strain, I have weeded the vegetable garden or pruned the vines or berry bushes. Returning

from these tasks, I have felt refreshed in spirit and able once more to see the pattern of life clearly. at. m * Jsi *

Now through the postwar days that still challenge our inner strength, I am becoming more and more certain that contact with our own bit of earth givesbetter balance to our living. P R T i AND WOOLEN HILLS PORTU N D 3. OREGON

APRIL 1946 19 0}nF%(3kxack

FUNDAMENTALS OF CONDUCTING pilation will also acquaint himself with a lived ninetyof prophet and a God who man Deseret Cornwall. Book Co., (J. Spencer

trials turbulent the to years share most one Salt 50c.) 93 pages. Lake City.

and most exacting hardships of the Church,

Spencer Cornwall has an excellent and who also lived to see the turning point

J background from which to draw material in its history and to complete and dedicate for a book dealing with this technical and the Salt Lake Temple. The reader of these

exacting subject. Serving several years as pages will also come to feel and to know the

school music instructor, over a score of spirit of one of the greatest missionaries of years as school music supervisor, and more all time. But beyond knowing Wilford

than a decade as director of the famous Salt Woodruff, the reader will also come away

Lake Tabrenacle choir, as well as training from this study with broader and deeper hundreds of choral conductors, he qualifies knowledge of the gospel of Jesus Christ, as an eminent authority on this text. and with firmer faith in its power to save the

While Fundamentals of Conducting is souls of men.

primarily a treatise on choral conducting, it All earnest students of the gospel will find may be pursued by any musician with great this work inspiring as reading and useful profit. One outstanding feature capably for reference. It promises to become a nehandled is the discussion of good tone qualicessary addition to every basically comit be produced, it is best ty, may how how its five with plete Church library—along singof in the various ages developed best in predecessors the series listed above.

ers, and finally there is great stress on the—R. L. E.

importance of the best tone in singing, a subIt in similar books. ject sidestepped often MARRY YOU WHEN best the ticklish question of the deals with Millis (Evelyn Duvall and Reuben Hill.

is fine to organize Equally a choir. ways Association Press, York. New

the treatment pointed on the concise and pages. 450 $3.00.)

often avoided subjects of dynamics, phrasing, interpretation, and learning to read TITTarriage, the most popular social institumusic. The advice on how to plan and or- *** tion, is facing difficult problems in this

ganize a rehearsal is much needed, for many complex age. This book presents these

conductors lack a specific program on how problems simply, comprehensively, and to proceed with this vital problem. The secsanely. There is a constant and unusual

tion on congregational and community singsearch for causes which give confidence to ing should be particularly welcomed. the advice given. The conclusions reached

generally sensible and safe. Few books reare well should be especially book This

this subject can so on be recommended find universal also and should and ceived instant adoption throughout the Church. If heartily.

closely followed, it will greatly improve our The discussion falls into four parts:

musical standards. Frank W. Asper. Anticipating Marriage; What It Means to

Be Married; The Making of a Family; and

THE DISCOURSES OF Familyrow. TheseLife Yesterday,subjects, inToday,detailedandchapters,TomorWILFORD WOODRUFF are discussed in an easy, informal manner,

(Selected, Arranged and Edited by G. and with an abundance of cleverly devised

Homer Durham. The Bookcraft Company, illustrative material, pictures, charts, analSalt Lake City. 357 pages. $2.50.) yses, questions.

This is the sixth volume to be published Unlike many writings on the subject, the from the discourses and writings of past effect of religious living on family life is presidents of the Church, and it will take its given attention. Postwar problems are also PABCO place in this series as another significant discussed. There is digging down for causes,

addition to Church literature. The five young and old.

it are: Teachings of preceded have which

to those marry, intend PAINT and Those TRIM who ANDSASH Discourses Smith; The the Joseph Prophet

this are married, with read could who book Kingdom, Gospel The Young; Brigham of touch to longer up no profit.—/. WAIT A W. F. Doctrine, Joseph Taylor; Gospel John Sash Trim and! Pabco your home Grant. Heber Standards, Smith; Gospel J.

Paint is home from the wars As these men themselves have differed in MOBILIZING FOR ABUNDANCE ready to bring you new, brilliant, their experiences, their gifts, and their per- (Robert R. Nathan. Whittlesey House,

longwearing accents of color! sonalities, so each of the books differs from New York City. 228 pages. $2.00.)

of Wilford discourses others. the The is of over. This is a study book war is paint quality the famous This The of Brigdiscourses the are not Woodruff problems. solutions possible of postwar... dries easily that brushes on so of Heber nor Young, J. ham Grant—but, is full the to maintain employment How

all all, differences despite in brushsmooth, them without dominant and hard will of argument. the burden many Though

personality, are time, circumstances, and of,. provides greatest. and marks the conclusions, the author's disagree with

the truths of the great fundamental reader will stir the into necessary postgospel book against sun protection summer applicatheir and of the Lord Jesus Christ, war thinking. J. A. W. cold! Paint up now and winter living. tion to

Paint Sash and Trim Pabco with faithfully, humspoke Woodruff Wilford I LEFT BEHIND THE BOY ME authority the and under hardpaint, courageously, leading... lumber, at bly, Leacock. (Stephen Doubledav and Comapostle as and calling his an of inspiration stores. Inc., City. 1946. ware, pany, and department Garden

the of later President as and prophet, pages. $2.00.) 184

life's his it of is essence the and Church,

THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES INC. messagevolume, bythat meanshas beenof classifiedpreserved excerptsin this To laughedthe manywith StephenAmericansLeacock,who thesehave

SAN FRANCISCO 19 "selected, arranged and edited"by an able posthumously published chapters from his also, of WetPatch, Makers, Black Hydroseal Pabco will welincompleted autobiography Durbe compiler, Dr. qualified G. Homer Paint, and -Shield Roofing; Pabco and Alumi Pabcoweb,

little life of the humorist is relatively in it come. began there The early while ham. And Flooring. Mastipave Linoleums, Pabco HeavyDuty

parish in the hamlet yet which and "Swanmore, call biographical, is a that might one reader who acquaints himself with this comon Waltham Chase* in Hampshire. They

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA use names like that in Hampshire because it is so old; it doesn't say who chased who:

they may have forgotten."But there are

poignant parts to his early childhood, humorously though his pen may touch them.

And there are sound philosophical observations that all parents will be glad to read.

The reading of this book will result in a keener insight into the workings of adolescents. M. C. J.

THE LOST LANDSCAPE (Winifred Welles. Henry Holt and Company, New York. 299 pages. $3.00.) 7bw---

rTro lovers of Winifred Welles* poetry, In one volume: the teachings of

* this, her only prose book, will prove to Wilford Woodruff, fourth president be an experience of great value. But even of the L. D. S. Church.

those not acquainted have with been who inspired Wilford Woodruff an was willWinifred nostalgic Welles experience a fearless in leader crusader... a for createsresponse, she her not so much of righteousness the cause a... autobiography of that she as does anown of and sympathy deep human man that the of early age EngNewage—and is understanding. compila- a

land. history of early rural and AmerThe finest of tion his Hereteachings—truthsica before the reader. delighted unfolds But of values, as applicable enduring

attic fishballs has or eaten hadwhoever an first utas they today were when will ancestors, find thisor had appealbook tered.

that just includes about everyone,ing—-and material under The is grouped

it If itdoesn't it? doesn't, should, for in an four headings: "Foundation main

age when we have surfeited with too much, of Mormonism,""Position and Practhis simple story of a full life, simply entices of the Church,""Some Gospel joyed, will help restore sanity. M. C. J. Questions,"and "Life's Experiences."The book is indexed and

BURMA SURGEON RETURNS crossindexed for convenient ref- (Gordon Seagrave. W. W. Norton and erence. "I consider it is one of the greatest

Co., 1946. pages. York. 268 $3.00.) victories New for to learn a man... how THE DISCOURSES OF WILFORD

* to control himself. this those read Surgeon, Show who interestBurma is intensely me a man I Jp WOODRUFF

* book will be a welcome sequel, indicating, whether it is read page by who does control himself and I will oring studied as as the successful it does a reference. of those return page show you a safe man; for a who man

is simple, The language forced yet each time at the from Burma werewho this has prepared himself prinby is clearly, thought powerfully exof the conquest. did those Japanese who To

not read the former book, this new volume pressed. Even the casual reader ciple is on the road to salvation."

will prove of great interest. For most will be deeply impressed.—Wilford Woodruff

it willreaders experience happier than be a is This a book that any home the dealt former which book with the to possess be proud book remay... a

treat in the early from BDDKCRAFT stage Burma will of the every treasure. reader 18 Richards St., Salt Lake City 1, Utah this In war. the Eastern book, authorFar

orders will Your be promptly filled tells, long, step, the step struggle arduous by of the return from northeastern India.

One of the amazing features of Dr. SeaFILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON

grave's writing is his ability to deal with both and humor make tragedy—and the BDDKCRAFT18 Richards Street, Salt LakeCOMPANYCity 1, Utahstory the printed come to page. life on

—M. C. ]. Please send the books checked below:

Wilford Woodruff the The Gospel Through Ages $1.30 D Discourses GTHE TREE WISDOM Compiled ofby Dr. G. Homer Dr. Milton R. Durham$2.50 Hunter By Hawkridge. Houghton, Mifflin(Emma and the Man 52.00 Dragon Thunder Cave

Dr. By John A. Widtsoe Jeremiah Sears Boston. By 1945.Company, $2.50 504 pages.)

Prince The $2.00 Ur of $2.00 the MostStokes—Jack High Q Temples '*'Y. By Susa N. D. Widtsoe tree roots strike By I 'hat wisdom whose ofGates—Leah

Theirs Is Kingdom $1.50 The Spoken "and B. Word"Lundwall -* $2.00 D into stability, flowers are deep whose Bythe Wendell L. J. Ashton Richard Evans By

its Story righteousness acts, which as bear Jesus The $2.50 Bible Story D Hurlbut's

Eliza Byof Jesse Hurlbut R. Snow $1.25 By ofLymanthe felled,"selection to not be amoralfruit—ought The Quest $2.00 $1.25 In the Gospel Net D Barita, affords her author thefrom Buddha O. By Dr. F. Ursenbach A. By Widtsoe John

title and introduction to an analysis of the Modern Miracles $1.50 God's Covenant Race $2.00

Stokes H. By Jeremiah Anderson James By religionsvarious which shaped have the Iohnny Always and $2.00 This Day into sections, threeworld. Divided with L. Compiled by Hrirriet J. Stradling Richard Evans $1.50 By

numerous subdivisions, the author treats the DThe Gospel Kingdom $2.25 [ J A Skeptic Discovers Mormonism....$2.00

Taylor John By Byprimitive patterns, as well as

Smith: ProphetStatesman the $1.75 T.ChurchW. Riggsplex oriental religions. and occidental the more com- D Joseph Bjy Dr. G. Homer Harold B. Lee Durham....$2.25 Youth and By

Perfection Colonizer $3.00 Young, The $1.50 The Way the is almost state to tempted book D Brigham One

R. Dr. Milton Hunter Fielding By Smith By Josephto is read, there an essential for all to one but Evidences Reconciliations of All $1.85 Restoration and Things $1.75

is one thing that most religious people will By Dr. John A. Widtsoe By Joseph Fielding Smith

$1.50 Book Constancy Amid Changefind lacking, belief D Military that is the inherent and

R. E. Albert Georgeof Remembrance By Gygi By Bowen $2.00 that, recognizing man'sin a Godhead weakMansions at Dialogue Golgotha $3.00 His Many $2.25 Q S. still inspiresnesses, Howells Rulon By to reach Oscar McConkie By W. beyond man

... Everlasting $2.50 Song $2.25 Gospel Standardshimself. the accept hardly can whole One Paul Bailey By J. Grant Heber Byof religious experience as ac- a myth. The This Glory Vision $1.25 $2.50 DThe My

Bailey the division Paul of the D For N. intoceptance of Isaiah B. Lundwall By By

The Gay Saint several of writers has been diswork By Paul Bailey $2.50 D Assorted GemsBy N. ofB. PricelessLundwall Value..$2.00

incounted writers, by many authoritative cluding many Latterday Saints. ( See The D Payment enclosed Q Send C.O.D.

Improvement Era, September 1939, The "Isaiah Problem"by Dr. Sidney B. Sperry.) Name

On the whole, those who wish to gain a clear picture of the development of religion will find the book interesting and—M.factual.C. J.

APRIl 1946 197 TEACHING YOUR BOYS AND GIRLS

&JJ.JJ.y BcuL f

took the car, your honor, because the keys had WEbeen left in the ignition lock."And thus ended the journey of a young man and his bride who, having but little money, decided to hitchhike across the country.

While the writer believes in removing temptation wherever possible, the excuse given above is frivolous and cheap and unworthy. If the best part of our

law observance rests in keys and locks and bolts, America's honesty is in a deplorable condition.

BECAUSE IT bestThepolicy,"old slogan,often"Honestydoes a greatis thedeal of Life today is so complex and so harm. Honesty is a virtue, not a policy, artificial that the livelihood often comes

and a fundamental virtue. There should before the home when it should be secBETTER be only the highest motive in its conondary to the home. The biggest and U sideration, not a policy motive, and the best work that parents have before

There's no mistaking the quality highest motive is to be honest because them is to rear children of stalwart flavor of Morning Milk, especialhonesty is right. He who seeks reward worth. He who accumulates a million

ly when you compare it with any other than in the act itself builds upon dollars and an underpar family is poor;

is rears excellent sands. an family he who other evaporated milk on the the

rich, his material though this young man thought that even wealth Perhaps market. This finer flavor makes dishonesty undiscovered, as he hoped negligible. is

all your recipes taste better, too! for himself, is not dishonesty, just as The training in our homes must be

Make the "taste test"today, and many folks believe that hidden hypocsupplemented in our social life, our busyou'll switch to finer flavor risy is not hypocrisy. iness life, our school life, our church

Morning Milk! Dishonesty hurts most of all the one life. The home cannot succeed unless

who is dishonest. these join in the undertaking.

The solution to such conduct is proper training, a training that begins in Social life must never be under par early childhood and builds honesty and to benefit. It is a part of the environhonor and uprightness and the other ment that parents provide for their

fundamental virtues, into the very life. children, actively or passively. We apHonesty, the kind that successfully proach the ideal when we remove from

stands trial at the zero hour, is. not a the community that which is detrimental

coat or cloak that may be donned or to child life and bring into the comremoved at will but the embodiment of munity that which is beneficial.

life. Anything less than honesty from Business life that does not help mainwithin will be found wanting when tain the standards of the good homes

weighed in the balances from without. of the community is short sighted, for

This training must have its beginning those who make legitimate business in the home with supplemental training prosperous are the very ones who have at every turn. Our homes today, many good homes.

of them, are without the family circle Our schools should understand the of yesterday. Then, the father and importance of clean, wholesome teachmother and the children gathered at ers. "The schoolmaster teaches somethe breakfast table, the dinner table, the what by that which he knows but

supper table, and oftentimes spent the mightily by what he is."The schools

Compiled by Harriet J. Stradling eveningIt wastogether.at these happy gatherings that ingshouldof idealsalso understandis often worththat morethe teachthan

eye"of father, and not the the view head of the home A "private's the teaching of facts. war, letters revealed in of the a the discussed the breadwinner, alone

the realize that must churchman The soldier. is inintensely "Johnny"duties virtues, of the the great value of

... lessons teresting are given of the great church interestprofoundly rightlife, responsibilities of the home ing story.... great price, his a The in to proportion strength power and uplifting of citizenship, the worth eous $2.00. ability the teachings interpret of to the of priceless heritage habits, the and 197 for (See order page blank) life. his in daily church clean, Verily, he straight thinking. was

the "autocrat of the breakfast table,"Together with the other fundamental BDDKCRAFT while the homemaker, not the housevirtues, let us build honesty into the 18 Richards Street wife, if you please, gave her support to lives of our children, for a nation that

Salt Lake City 1, Utah all that is right and good, in what she is not rigidly honest lacks considerable said and in what she did. of being ruggedly stable.

198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For More Beautiful and Impressive Choral Music

These volumes of sacred music, compiled and published under direction of the General Music Committee of the Church, provide Ward Choirs, Directors and Organists—and directors and choruses of auxiliaries—with more than

a hundred beautiful arrangements of favorite L.D.S. anthems and worldfamous, beloved choral selections and sacred songs by great composers.

ALL ARE SPECIALLY ARRANGED TO BE EFFECTIVE MUSICALLY, YET EASY TO

LEARN AND SING. ACCOMPANIMENTS ARE EASY TO PLAY, WITH SATISFYING HARMONIES AND TONAL COLOR.

CHAPEL ANTHEMS FOR WARD CHOIRS

Composed or arranged by Kimball, Gounod, Gregor, Schreiner, Cornwall, Wheelwright,

Franck, Robertson, SaintSaens, Mozart, Stephens, Bamby. Each, 50c; Dozen, $5.00.

FESTIVAL ANTHEMS SACRED CHORUSES FOR MALE SINGERS

Specially suitable in use meetings, stake sacrament Cornwall. Fortytwo compiled Arranged J. Spencer and by

conferences and specialfor gatherings. classical 25 inspiring Recommended including numbers, by compo- L.D.S. and

wardchoir directors. 60c; Each, $7.00. Dozen, 75c; $8.00. sitions. Each, Dozen,

TEMPLE ANTHEMS

DESERET ANTHEMS SPECIAL OFFER TO Selection of the best and most popular for choral numbers use IN 3 VOLUMES MUSIC DIRECTORS previously published under

Doz. Vol. original LISTED 2—10 AS (TOTAL anTHEMS VALUE $4.45) thems L.D.S. by 50c; SENT POSTPAID WILL BE FOR—Doz. $5.00 Vol. ancomposers,3—Favorite GATES ANTHEMS

thems L.D.S. 50c; by composers, or compiled Composed, $5.00 Doz. Cecil Gates. Each, ranged by B. $4.oo 75c; Doz., $8.00. arFUNDAMENTALS OF

CONDUCTING By J. SPENCER CORNWALL

Director of the Tabernacle Choir

ONLY This volume, with many comprehensive illustrations and diagrams and clear, understandable text, is almost a "must"for every director of choirs all others choruses and and who lead the in singing auxiliary gatherings. or other groups are called upon to 50cPOSTPAID

DESERETHI'The Book Center of theBOOKIntermountain West"CO 44 East South Temple Street—P. O. Box 958—Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Enclosed is $ - Send the titles and quantities as checked.

Name...... Address

APRIL 1946 199 fflosdJu

VIEW FROM GETHSEMANE

April showers bring May flowers. Tfifl April also By Ova Pate Stewart

they roofs were by day Gray in the night ushers in. the 5th consecutive tough spring season for your But

Blueblack they lay.

The light car. It's time for a spring checkup. Drive in That would have shone

Turned sad away.

"Jerusalem—Jerusalem How oft to your favorite Pep 88Vico station or dealer for this

Would I have gathered you Beneath my wing—

Spring freshening: But ye would not."

Gray roofs they are today Blueblack at night Blueblack and gray twilight. At

* Motor oil changed to spring, and summer grade Gethsemane they appear From

As tombstones * Car completely lubricated—wheels repacked Guarding sepulchers once white.

* Transmission and differential drained, flushed and refilled with clean lubricant of proper COMPENSATION grade By Georgia Moore Eberling straight road seems a smooth, a Battery and tires inspected and serviced LIFE eyes. childhood's To

The youth discovers curves and bends;

a Spark plugs checked, replaced if necessary Man finds it lies

On slopes and hills, with jagged rocks feet. the tear for leaks, That system cleaned checked and * Cooling

past through rosy mist. the sees Age if necessary fan belt replaced radiator hose and

sweet. was way The

* Antifreeze removed (saved if permanent type) and rust preventive added SPRING'S METASTASIS

In addition, it is a good idea to have the air By Edna S. Dustin

cleaner cleaned and the oil filter changed.

Isn't it strange such a simple thing

As the wind's warm breath in the early spring Can coax out the buds on the willowed lane,

Qet highest quality products at And tug at a heart with nostalgic pain

PEP 88VICO STATIONS AND DEALERS Till start,the seed buried there will awaken and

Sending fresh rootlets deep into the heart?

(PEP\

Oil UTAH k88, 7*ATLAS2 REFINING

Atlas 88 Regular Vsco, Quaker Stmt Ftp 88 Ethyl Pep

Gasoline Gasoline Motor Oils Products WHOM GOD LOVES BEST

By Margaret Woodland Black think God loves them best soil, the I Who till miracles the for '''".""! ""j ""J Preparing

Of growth and recreation.

Sunstrength, he sends, And quiet benediction of the rain,

The Quality ForOf bendedthose whobacksofferandsacrificeworkgnarled hands

At the bountiful green altars of the earth. Soap for To sponsor little roots that take communion

II PARticular CHANGE OF HEART Housewives! las, it isBytrue!JeanI'mLouiseno longerPiatthis one love; A His heart felt today more than mother

and son love.

He came home from school with a big yellow sucker,

Bestowed on him by his new teacher, Miss

Tucker. Subscribe to and read unwrapped it, and gave it a twirl, He gently

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thenmygravelygirl."informed me, "Miss Tucker's

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PSALMS By Gertrude Ryder Bennett HpHE Savior loved the Psalms. They were

his bread.

He loved their beauty. With his heart

aglow Often he paused and lifted up his head

To see the splendor of the sunset grow

Into the shades of night. He knew so 'well

The poet soul because it was his own.

The Psalms did more for him than simply

A tellbalanced thought. Each phrase stood out alone—

The truth a shepherd found upon a plain,

The beauty found in hills, the vision burned Upon the soul; and even in his pain

Upon the cross, in those last hours, he turned Back to the Psalms. Each word he spoke

was flame Burning the truth on hearts that sobbed his name.

TULIPS AT THE TEMPLE

By Jo Adelaide Stock TTulips at the temple, Rows of stately grace, Radiant splash of color In a holy place.

Marching in the raindrops, Shining in the sun, Harbingers of summer Only just begun.

Magic painted tulips, Proud and fair and wise, Knowing you find favor See the Tractor with

In the Father's eyes.

Tulips at the temple, Blessings sweet you bring, OPERATING Tying up the gardens QO

In garlands of the spring! JLJL CONVENIENCES

WASH DAY FANTASY This Case "SC"is a full 2-plow tractor. Among its 22

By Nell Cox operating conveniences are the safety seat that pushes in fragrant rows I hang my up for a backstop when you stand for a change from allONclotheswash dayto dry,But my mischievous socks go flirting off on day sitting... composition steering wheel—cool in sum-

... Synchronized Steering—fastA whiteeachone,breezea pinkthatone,comesa blackby. one of lisle mer, warm in winter

In unmated numbers are left in the pile. action when going ahead, easy action on cramped turns

I seek them, I hunt, but I seldom regain

Those vagabond stockings from yard, field,... fullswinging drawbar that shortens turns, locks

lane. or is unseen"as the poets declare. automatically when backing. wind"The

Though invisible, still he likes stockings to wear. See for yourself the conveniences that count with

Someday, street unsurprised, I may meet on the farmers who know tractors best—from the castered

Invisible wind children with socks on their front wheels past the rightside belt pulley to the rightfeet,

White, pink, and black, and people will stare height, wellshielded power takeoff.

As they do at the odd ones my kiddies must wear! 12 GREAT TRACTORS CITY AT NIGHT Besidespose tractorsthe "SC,"includeCasetheallpur-popBy Pansye H. Powell ularpriced 1-2 plow "VAC"

and 3-plow "DC."There are

KTTy city wears a jeweled crown tonight, three orchard models and four "* And necklaces of scintillating pearls; standard fourwheelers, also

She is a Tudor princess in her gown vineyard and narrowrow

Bedecked with rubies, jade, and amethyst. specials. See your Case dealer;

Her girdle is of diamonds, deepset write for catalog of size to fit

In the black velvet of the night's embrace. your farming. Mention any

From the hill I see my city's sweeping skirts implements or machines you

Spread wide in regal splendor o'er the plain. may need. Address Dept. B-31,

She is beautiful, alluring in the night J. I. Case Co., Racine, Wis.

A warm and vibrant personality.

APRIL 1946 201 of tL aIvia HUNDRED FAMILIES, HUNDRED LANGUAGES

"X yr then my wife, who was born in By C. A. SCHEINERT

\/\/V V people,Shanghai,whocomesare toof visitCanton,my old charge, has these because he for public interpreted she says be must what

I go, relationships. family Anywhere I visit understand. them to her When

I can then, Chinese, there are where people, they please can say they what about me, and I will not understand,"get a meal or a roof over my head, for and Philip Lee laughed heartily at the I can look up a Chinese named 'Lee,'and he will offer me his home.

Here on a mission to help China, his face sobered as he considered China's present plight, saying that much of the trouble inside China is caused by that separation that comes to people who cannot talk to one another with understanding. Lack of transportation, of

travel between provinces, has held back that understanding, as well. The differences in speech or dialect come from the

days of the "hundred families."The

power of the family of local "war lords"fynd&n. also comes from the days when these

hundred families ruled the land, each with its own area—each paying tribute

to the emperor, and exacting tribute in turn. sfon y. Add? o//y 'sf'>"'nq Vn "As understanding comes there will

be unity, and then in time a real democracy of the people of all China."

5 mnufes A<,Vi cup ar fPV t0uf eqas '"dlesm * '6-oz. and Turk'0r cheese sace & Life Lines. CMcfcei,.>de"deafen Add;.K ";

"VTow that civilian products of metal r. ""mod flj s'0r ">- "are coming back on the market, put

a new metal ash can on your shopping

A CHINESE JUNK list, suggests the National Safety Council, to avoid the danger of a fire in the thought this statement conjured. A basement.

in eduCanton, born he was It's more than a a Chinese, folsafest game—it's distance at to which The married a then in Chicago, cated for family or treat—either is for car carlength another low one Shanghai. in girl born Chinese serve you a tasty, guests—when speed, miles the ten of each says Naall those Chinese, but are "Yes, tempting we thirty tional miles Council. Safety At not speak Shanghai do of and Canton for hour, "followthe example, safe an

all is the true of that same. the And cardistance ing"three be would

are one China. of There provinces lengths.

NOODLE RING hundred languages, or dialects, some of

It's simple to make, for you right off with start themstani—oras differentEnglish.as Russian and Hinduto Accidentstwentyeightkill yearsmore personsof age fromthan twoany delicious, readycooked Lynden Noodles with Tur- "A Chinese emperor a long time ago single disease, reports the National

key or Lynden Noodles with Chickdivided the country among one hundred Safety Council.

en. leading families, and we can consider

There'scies—therealtantalizingflavor toodorthoseanddelicarich thatresentsthe alandprovinceeach familytoday.ruledSo overit is repnot fatalSix trafficpercent accidentsof all driversin involved1944 werein

savor of your favorite bird. only the land of one hundred languages, youngsters under eighteen years of age,

but of the one hundred families. And the National Safety Council reports.

saying today the that the cause of was is actually Snowblindness, which to every cousin that 'every Chinese is a is the hazeyes, of of the sunburn one Chinese.'other

sports, especially winter ards of many "Those of one name are said to be skiing. The best preventive is a pair of

all children of one worshipful ancestor. snow goggles or dark glasses with shatMy name is Lee, so anywhere in the terproof, special lightabsorbing lenses,

world I may meet another Chinese with suggests the National Safety Council.

the name of Lee I can claim to be a relation. If he is a man older than myAlthough only seven percent of the

self, he is my 'uncle.'If he is about my population of the United States is over

age, he is 'cousin.'And if he is younger, sixtyfive years of age, sixtyfour perthen he is my 'nephew.'cent of the victims of falls are in this

Lynden Canning Kitchens stranger,"A Chinesebut hecomesis neverto thisa nuisance,country aa ageSafetygroup,Council.according to the National

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA h

A CHANCE TO BE AN

Jsvidian Jueen Outstanding New Books

PUBLISHED BY By MARY FIELD GARNER must tell you of a little experience STEVENS & WALLIS, INC.

I I1852.had whileThe Indianscrossinggavethe plainsus somein:trouble, and especially me. You see, I PUBLISHERS OF FINE BOOKS

had long, red, curly hair, hanging in ringlets down my back, which seemed to attract the Indians, and I was afraid of them.

One Indian chief took a special fancy toto wanted Mother me and In exchange as his give me For Over 700 Years the Churchto him, white squaw.

he would give her many ponies. Of

he she refusedcourse him, but was Has Waited for this Book our and followed determinedvery camp for several days. We were all very

worried for fear he would steal me,so after he left camp Mother decided THE WITNESSES OF THE to try to hide me. The next day before

we left camp, Mother took our feather boxes two them overbeds and placed BOOK OF I crawled not smother, andso I would By PRESTONMORMON"NIBLEY under.

Surely enough, the Indian chief came elevenIt containswitnessesa ofwealththe BOOKof documentaryOF MORMON.evidenceIt provesand historicalbeyond questioninformationthatconcerningthese eleventhe

back with his men. He asked for me. people saw and handled the gold plates from which the Book of Mormon was translated.

in historical research widely and teachers,Mother told him I was lost, but he was recognizedThis valuableas an authorNEW book,of bookscompileddealingby awithmanL.D.S.highlyhistory,skilledwill be a great boon to

not satisfied with this, and proceeded missionaries, students and to all church members.

to look in every wagon to see if I was there. Then he came to search ours; Price $2.25, Postpaid.

he even felt the feather bed under find hiding, did not he butwhich was THREE "BEST SELLERS"OTHER all the stayed withme. company HeI in full literature, live of forceful and

it I if back. to see cameday When library should these important have reading—everynotable Mormon

saying he dark went away,became books:

sometime he would find me, but we the during again himnever saw reLIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL valley. trip to Salt Lake of ourmainder

The crops of 1854 and 1855 had both By Orson F. Whitney

failed because of drought and grassLarge Gift Edition hoppers. By this time I was a grown 520 pages

young lady, and still had my red, curly Price, $3.00 Postpaid

hair, which had its attraction for the red men. day an Indian chief came to our THREE MORMON One

surprise to our greatdoor, it was and

Indianthe had CLASSICS same we with whom had our experience on the plains. He Vital Stories of

made us understand he had followed us Wilford Woodruff here and still wanted me to be his bride. George Q. Cannon

Of course Mother refused him again, Jacob Hamblin but he would not go away. He sat bePrice, $2.50.

side our door for three days. This was

an old Indian custom before demanding his bride. After three days he again HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH

asked me to be his white bride, offering By his mother

Mother ponies, beads, and blankets for LUCY MACK SMITH me. He said he would make me queen Price $2.50

of his tribe; that I would have a tent of

my own, and his other squaws could be my servants, and he would make me happy. Mother refused and told him to FOR SALE AT

go away. Still he was not satisfied and

asked me to go with him back to histribe. I refused, and told him I would DESERET BOOK COMPANY

never go with him as I was white, and 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City 10* Ufa his live andhe must among own people not head bother me. and Also at all Leading Book Dealers With bowed

benting.—Preparedshoulders, heby wentHaroldawayH. sorrowJenson STEVENS & WALLIS, INC. PUBLISHERS OF FINE BOOKS

from the "Life of Mary Field Garner,"

She died in 1943 at the age of 107,

APRIL 1946 203 oLetteM of Lonndience

By PHIL HANNUM Onesympatheticof the mostacts thoughtfulof friendshipandto come to our attention recently was performed by a boy who one would imagine was too busy with two college jobs and his studies to have time to think of any other person's difficulties.

This boy learned that an older friend in his home town was leaving soon to take a job on a city newspaper. The

college boy realized from his own experience away from home how lonely and discouraged his reporter friend would be at first. He knew, too, what

a comfort friendly letters are to a fellow while he is getting acquainted in a new place.

The college boy sat up late that night after he had finished his lessons to write!"a letter to his friend. He expressed confidence in the reporter's ability to make

as fine a record on the city paper as he had on their hometown newspaper. He

recalled some of the best news stories his friend had written and told how they had stayed with him. He mailed

the letter to the reporter, not at his home, but to the city paper, so he would have a welcome letter of encouragement waiting for him on the first morning he went to work among strangers in a strange office.

During the first two weeks, while the reporter was becoming familiar with the new job, the college boy wrote other letters, some addressed to the office,

Ah, Spring! When birds are a-twitter... when some to the reporter's new rooming

college knew boy how house. The

his friend, to could mean a letter the sap begins to run again (no offense, Junior)... much

and a fellow pops out of his cold weather covering when the latter would reach home in the evenings, tired, discouraged by the like a butterfly from a cocoon! trials of his new work, and painfully

aware that he was far from friends and

Now's the time when harried mothers are family.

Several years have passed. The remore than ever grateful for FelsNaptha Soap. porter is now city editor. But he has

With clean shirts in constant demand, it's a told others that he has never forgotten real relief to use this faster, gentler soap... thefriendlythrilllettersof receivingof encouragementthose timely,during the days when he most needed such

There's relief from endless hours in the laundry. a tonic. With such a confident friend

Relief from ordinary washing wear on collars backgood. ofThehim,youngerhe felt thatboy hewashadrewardedto make

and cuffs. Not to mention relief from wear for his friendly act by his pal's success

his letters learning that had by and tear on Mother's disposition. and

reporter's resoluto bolster the served tion when he might have given up in

Ah, Spring! Ah, Youth! loneliness and discouragement and re-

(and from the ladies, in chorus) turned home.

Of such kindly, thoughtful, sym-

A-h-h-h, FelsNaptha! pathetic little acts is the stuff of enduring friendship made!

HOME AGAIN

By Ray C. Davis

breezes again where summer homeFelsNaptha Soap I'm plains, off sunkissed Blown BAN/SHE$yATTLETALE GRAY Cool thoughts of war....

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

*iife:p:

ft;::'::; ':':':'".';;::.-;;':;:.::':::"'': IP i;

'::: ':[ ':'; &W$&<

[-Mm 3ft

lyM'i K'i; \;K:: ':::;.:i:::'

.

"-"""""""1

—Photograph by Hal Rumel

the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me,.J am

though he were dead, yet shall he live:

And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die.—John 11:2526.

jt>nd righteousness will I send down out of heaven; and truth

will I send forth out of the earth, to bear testimony of mine

Only Begotten; his resurrection from the dead; yea, and also

the resurrection of all men; and righteousness and truth will I

cause to sweep the earth as with a flood, to gather out mine elect from the four quarters of the earth, unto a place which

I shall prepare, an Holy City, that my people may gird up their loins, and be looking forth for the time of my coming;

for there shall be my tabernacle, and it shall be called Zion, a New Jerusalem.—Pearl of Great Price, Moses 7:62.

APRIL 1946 205 Jke Sacmdneid of the Scacramevi t

By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

think perhaps most of us realize what a gift has come to us on those oc- j casions when we are permitted to assemble in peace and in quiet, to meet together and partake of the emblems of the broken body and the shed blood of the Master. It should be,

and I presume is, in the minds of every one of us a most sacred and solemn occasion to realize that we are renewing our covenants with him who gave his life that we might be resurrected and exalted. When we partake of these emblems, I am sure we all realize

that the sacrament, established by him before he passed away, is to be to us an uplift and inspiration and a blessing throughout eternity.

I fear sometimes that as the sacrament is administered in some of our meetings there is not the solemn atmosphere that there should be. It is such a sacred privilege. I remember

a long time ago President Joseph F. Smith instructed us on this subject, calling our attention to the fact that it was a blessed privilege, and that those who partook of the sacrament

should have in their minds the obligation that is indicated in the prayer. It is a marvelous

prayer. The blessing upon the bread and upon the water, and the Lord's prayer, are three

perfect prayers that he has given us.

President Joseph F. Smith said he had noticed as he went out among the people of

the Church that during the passing of the sacrament there was no particular recognition of the men who preside in the various stakes and wards, and he advised us, and we carried to the field this recommendation, that when the sacrament was administered it should be presented first to whoever was the ranking officer, indicating not his individuality but the authority and the position that he held. In the stake conferences the sacrament was administered Sunday morning and was passed first to whoever happened to be the ranking

officer and then as far as possible was passed to all the congregation. He intimated to us

at that time that the brethren should be seated on the stand so that it would not be necessary to run back and forth in order to reach first one and then the others in the order of their seniority. I remember that for quite a long time this procedure was carefully observed, and

it was always beautiful to me. And to children in the Sunday School it was an indication

of respect for the priesthood of God, and of its various callings in their order.

I think generally the passing of the sacrament by our deacons and teachers, and the blessing of it by the priests in the various wards, is done in a pleasing manner. The young

men seem to be imbued with the sacredness of their responsibility.

I think we should emphasize in our own simple and dignified way our appreciation of the beauty and privilege of partaking of the sacrament in the meetings of the Church.

Jke Ldltos laqe 206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Oj Jen \JJeaM CHURCH WELFARE

l/l/hotenearted support of welfcare durina time of plenty proved

ble5&LnQ\e5Sma In time of need

By HENRY D. MOYLE

CHAIRMAN, GENERAL CHURCH WELFARE COMMITTEE

PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

President Heber J. Grant, and his President Grant gave us the general President Grant further said at that

counselors, President J. Reuben scope of the welfare plan: time the Church had

Clark, Jr., and President David O. As promised at the last April conference,... provided for the use of existing

ten yearsMcKay, ago appointed inaugurated security a Church plan. a we To Churchorganizations,organizations.the priesthoodThe stakequorums,and wardthe committee. welfaregeneral Church facilitate into effect the putting of the plan,

Today, after ten years of experience we organized a general committee whose Relief Society, and the various auxiliary organizations to render the servmaximum functions to represent were the Presiding of theand growth, the welfare plan. ice in the.. interest of the general welBishopric detailed in the administrative before, is expanding,Church as never fare of the Church. of coordinating the work and supervising

the scope of its usefulness under the labors of the various regularly established President Grant emphasized that the inspired and able leadership of PresiChurch organizations in their large and imimmediate objective of the program dent George Albert Smith. portant security operations.... was:

PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

APRIL 1946 207 WELFARE SQUARE ACTIVITIES Caption reading clockwise from upper left: Beef, Lamb, Pork being prepared for packing and shipping; sewing room; canned goods packed at Welfare

Square; boxed clothing ready for shipment to Europe; potatoes ready for shipping to points in Utah and Arizona; sorting potatoes from projects in Idaho;

bales of cotton from Arizona; foods packed for overseas shipment; center photo: Grain Elevators in Welfare Square.

sible to visit the storehouse personally.

In this, as in all other phases of our work, the priesthood quorums assist, under the direction of the ward bishopric or the stake presidency. Stocks for

these bishops'storehouses are furnished by what has become known as the

Church welfare annual budget. The

preparation of this budget is one of the most interesting and inspiring operations of the entire program. The bishops

of the wards survey annually their needs. To assist them in this work a

card index known as the "green card"is provided. Each bishop has such a

card for every family in his ward. The

Harold B. Lee, Managing Director Marion 6. Romney, Assistant Henry D. Moyle, Chairman cards are frequently given by the bishop to the priesthood quorums, and these

To provide by October 1, 1936, by a During the first year of its existence quorums in turn arrange for every memwholly voluntary system of gifts in cash or it contributed directly to the happiness ber of the quorum to be visited, and a in kind, sufficient food, fuel, clothing, and and the security of more than twentycard for his family carefully prepared bedding to supply through the coming winfive thousand Latterday Saints. Before and kept current. These cards reveal

ter famievery needy worthy Church and famithe of needs the present only not us, the 193637 of the winter upon was itself,ly, in for furnish order to these unable need of likelihood lies, the forecast but its bishops, for available had Church sufferthat the of should Church no member experifuture. in the assistance The of contributions of voluntary the through stressin these of times emergency. and present emoccupation, training, ence, sufficient loyal of the Church, members

Work was to replace idleness. This money, food, fuel, clothing, and bedployment, or lack of employment, are

was the emphatic counsel given to the ding to take care of the needs of all items of information to be found on

Church by its then venerable leader. worthy members through that winter these cards, when properly kept. Now

This has been the counsel of all the At no time since has there been a shortfrom these cards, and from the bishpresidents of the Church from the beage of cash or supplies, in the hands of P's general knowledge of the families ginning; so much so that work has bebishops and welfare committees of the of the ward over whom he presides, the

come an everyday principle in the Church. So far as the general commitbishop is able to forecast the needs of

lives of worthy Latterday Saints. tee has been able to ascertain, no memthe ward for a year in advance, and

Continuing, President Grant said: bers of the Church, whose needs were reports his estimate to the stake, and

known to the Church, have suffered for the stake in turn to the region, and the is insofar set to up, purpose primary Our committee. region to the general life since necessities the the of or needs

as possible, it might under a system be initiation the the of program.

of idleness thewhich curse done be would

Bishopric, and the genTThe Presiding fufor similar the record insure a evils To the with, abolished, of dole aaway and independence, industry, and thrift, and ture, we have, during the past ten years, eral committee, now prepare with selfrespect be once more established assisted in constructing and establishcare and in detail, a complete budget amongst our people. The aim of the Church ing, wherever a real need has appeared, of the needs of the Church for a year

Is to help the people to help themselves. ward, stake, and regional storehouses in advance. Some of the items found on

Work is to be reenthroned as the ruling throughout the Church. There are many this budget follow

principle of the lives of our Church memother bishops'storehouses planned for Dairy and poultry products, livebership. construction, with plans drawn and stock, meat, fish, jam, honey, vegetamoney available, as soon as materials (Continued on page 244)

TThe general Church welfare commitand welfare labor become available. It

tee, for the past ten years, has deis the purpose of the Church to keep

GENERAL COMMITTEE itselfvoted to the accomplishment food, supplied storehouses of these with

Stringam Austin, A. right: Lett to Markthe of the purposes fundamental two clothing, of our care to take and fuel F. Sterling Ryberg, Clyde Stevens, H. Nelson, W. President Grant, givenprogram as by. Deliveries - s needs are people made Barker, to C. Roscoe W. Eardley, Edmonds, Howard

and encouraged by the advisers: John those who find it difficult or imposEzra C. Knowtton, Clyde J. Brown, Paul C. Child,

A, Widtsoe, Albert E. Bowen, Thomas Lorenzo H. Hatch.

E. McKay, Clifford E. Young, Alma

Sonne, Antoine R. Ivins, John H. Taylor, Oscar A. Kirkham, the Presiding

Bishopric, and the general Relief Society presidency. The people of the

Church have responded magnificently to the call made of them. The regions,

stakes, wards, priesthood quorums, auxiliary organizations, and above all, the Relief Society organizations of the

Church are to be congratulated, and are entitled to receive the grateful appreciation of the people of the Church.

It would be impossible to estimate the good that has come from the time and energy given, and the contributions made to this great humanitarian project.

APRIfc 1946 209 FREEDOM

is story 'T'his a based actual on his Robert pondered chin a moment, "'Tis the law, Robert Mary."comin the lives * events of Robert and dropping to the "playne of band"white smile. mented with a "Besides Wentfirst (French) Smith, Mary known linen collaring his Holland doublet, then in life worth joy would have no were forebears of American Smith, Joseph

the Mormon Prophet, Material has he said slowly, "There was a colt that he not permitted to judge others.

been collected from the court rec- I was informed came out of a stray Wouldst begrudge him that, Mary?"

ords of Essex County, Massachusetts, mare that has been challenged and "Methinks there are better occupain which they lived among the Purtaken away by Lt. Lawtroape. Mrs. tions,"she answered. "Hath he not

settlers itan last the half during the of it Tuttle said belonged trial to Simon, her served juries with thee?"on all

seventeenth century. based While son.""'Tis true,"acquiesced. Robert facts, is the story on Actionized to

colt the branded?""Was for I witnessed "And when Henry interest. give it reader All persons

named are actual individuals living "Yes, with the letter E."Archer in clearing him and John Baker

at that time and with whom Robert "That is all. Next witness."of suspicion in not putting six bushels

and Mary Smith were associated, exRobert felt Wentworth's dour eyes of malt into each hogshead in Septemcept Ezekiel Wentworth, who is ber 1652, that jury. also on he was follow as he him cloak his gray drew

purely character. a fictitious remember sayArcher Goodwife about him the and pushed door open Dost

into a flurry of Massachusetts snow. ing they put twopenny and threepenny

Near the meadows of Hamton Upbeer together8 and sold it for threeland, he paused at the east field near pence?"

HisRobertcall asSmith'sa witnessquiet interruptedcontemplathethat highwaywas saggingcove,*withtestingthe weighta fenceofpostthe fireMaryand swungseated theherselfkettleatbackthe spinningover the tion of Ezekiel Wentworth's snow. In the spring he would have to wheel, smoothing the snowy white

solemn face in the jury box. give up some of his tailoring and devote apron that fell in folds over her full

Raising his tall frame from the rude more time to the farm, he thought, even gathered green wool skirt.

wooden bench, Robert's clog shoes though the crops had been successful "Aye,"she replied, "And I remember scraped against the rough board floor since Thomas Moulten, York planter, how sore mispleased Ezekiel Wentas he stepped toward the magistrate for had conveyed the land to him in 1654. worth was when we both testified at

questioning. Ipswich quarterly court three years ago

"What is thy name?"TUIary, who had been watching for him that the fences were insufficient adSmith.""Robert joining field. general the have would He at the with window, twoyear-old

I age? in hy for the stocks destroyhad someone in latch her arms, pulled the Thomas "I thirtythree."ing Infour am Kimball's bushel of Henry on the as door he approached.

it born?"thou rent, for wast laid the dian corn "Where out had "It trial,"long not a she 7 was com- "In Toppesfield County, Essex, Engso."not been

it his mented, taking cloak hanging and land."see, not hath "So you Wentworth dish the near peg a on open wooden

didst colto thou the come "When his smilsaid always Robert had way,"cupboard.

onies? all juries. ing, 'nor hath served he on until did "I the anend,"not he stay

I sailed years ago. "Near twenty not the did serve with grand on me He I I testified swered. as soon "As had

in from 1638, with London John May 1651."in in jury in nor 1650, Hamton leave. took Ezekiel on was Wentworth "severalWittingham brought boys who 'Tis opportunities pity a such were jury,"the exher watching added, he

over. to indentured were him caustically, We replied missed,"she and as pression.

servants in return for paying our paspointing lying on to a doublet a wooden blazed in twin sparks. Her eyessage."1 continued, chest beside the window, "Ezekiel methinks, will be Wentworth,

"Dost thou mean Mr. Wittingham on the jury in the judgment day,"she "Mr. Dudley brought his doublet to be

of Boston?"said acridly, "and doubtless, will conaltered. It appeareth too much good

"The same."Robert's shoulders vict the saints."food hath extended his waistline, and

lifted with pride as he added, "I built "Let not the neighbors hear thy he would wear it when general court infor third the having house Boston him in convenes Boston."rise against church stalwart so a tongue

in cellar.'ofa work knew He my of the doublet, a chided, there mention Robert Robert man,"At but was

I signed England, withBoston, where his kiss into in his reached pulled to as pocket twinkle eyes and he bent own also over. to anhim come owned He out her. a small package.

atestate miles four Southerton, away."see take neighbors the thee not "Let I believe that "I not have you would citizen in col- a the "Art thou now liberties rewife,"she thy such with forgotten twentyseventh your hadonies?"plied wriggled from archly as Thomas it birthday, the although passed on in citizen in "I Ipswich here a became to floor turned the to she her arms and I this 22nd. given to have you would ten after of indenture1648, serving an venithe of dinner simmering pot swing it, I but then received depending hadyears."fire its to the a crane over son open on delivery passing travelers makes on acquainted with Simon "Art thou it. stir position she could where slow,"apologized. heTuttle?"is at high a sweet "Liberty even shining as she uneyes Mary's were Tuttle's "I lived mother, with Simon seating a himself cost,"rejoined, on he rolled spoons. pewter four "Robert,"eight his in father England,while was stiffbacked, chair prerush-bottomed art softly, the best hussaid she "thou I the for ago. nineor years worked rifle. flintlock his clean paring to had."ever a band woman thatch,family, sawing and drawing it high cost too,"a was "And Mary

taking timber out of the swamps, and tossed her brown head, "that we should "They were ordered from Boston,"mending fences."* both be brought to trial and each fined* he said proudly, "the town of thy

"Didst ever hear mention of a young because that prying Ezekiel Wentbirth."

mare colt in Mrs. Tuttle's keeping?"worth saw you kiss me before we were "We have been married for more

Testimony In trial at Ipswich, Massachusetts, married,"she flashed. "Testimony in Ipswich Quarterly Court, September

March 27, 1655 1652 Massachusetts Genealogies, Cutter, 1:111 Conveyance recorded on Essex County records Testimony at Ipswich, Massachusetts, January 26,

testimony in trial at Ipswich, March 29, 1659 BFined for incontinency, Essex County records 1656 210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Another daughter, Phebe, had been born August 26, 1661, at Boxford, and on October 29, 1663, another son was born, whom they named Ephraim.

A little more than two years later, aBy CECILIA JENSEN CARPENTER third son was born on January 26, 1666.

They called him Samuel.

Thomas was almost ten now, and old enough to help his father about the than three years now, 8 and they have John Remington signed the sale with farm. Robert was grateful that his

been years of great happiness."his mark and seal. eldest child was a boy who could some

"Much hardship, too, I fear,"he said Robert and Mary stood happily today take over the farm.

holding her close, "but we shall have gether as Mary's mother, Mary French, Mary's life became busier as her a better home 'ere long. More and more affixed her signature as witness below family grew, but she made no comtailoring comes to me, and as your famthat of John Whipple and handed the plaint. It was a sin to waste time.

ily did well at tailoring, so shall I. quill to Leonard Harryman and Henry On August 16, 1668, she paused long

to will great help names me,"Ryley whose be ofThomas were9 added as witenoughter and namedto give herbirthEmey.to another daughat the nesses document. to the boy. fondly lookinghe added

life, the beginning of a This was new little will help,""And Mary be my celebrated before they DAYS thought. miss the "pouR would He softly said pulled the as she covRobertMary

first again birthday, Emey's Mary able preaching of Rev. independent anderlet sleeping fivemonth-old the over

baby lying in the hooded wooden cradle John Wise at Ipswich, but Mary was waited for Robert to return from the that Robert had made. happy that her children would be listed Hamton quarterly court.

as members of the same church in which This time he was not a witness but

HPwo years later, in 1661, with their she had held full communion in 1 648. the defendant in a case brought by John

A two children, Robert and Mary "Document: "Lt. John Remington, Sr., late of RowHuggins, their neighbor, who had

of an inhabitant for Roxbury, 20 but now molestation pounds and with charged Robert in Village to RowleySmith moved to a ley,conveys late Smith, Robert of Ipswich, now in troubling and his cattle an battery him later assection to be inhabitant all within the his of known that was bounds land Rowley, the village called land, about acres both 208 ground. on his ownBoxford, where Robert bought 208 commonlyupland and meadow, bounded Zachariah by on Gould cooking a kettle of baywas Mary theacres of land. S.E. and butting the S.W., end line dividon the

ing the between lands of Topsfield little and Rowley; for candles while the berry Mary wax sale the Although acknowledged was side E. N. lands laid bounded to by out Samuel string wicks. laid was the She out in Brocklebank possession now of Crosbie; Anthony before 23, 1662, Daniel DeniJanuary

the part bounded land laid to N.W. by out John Phebe, was with eleven now, and who until 19,son, that not 1662, July it was Lambert, possession of now Robert and Andrews tasks. eight, regular household her had part of some of meadowin Mr. Baker's of Ipswich."—

Historical Collection, Society Tapsfleld 13:153 Ipswich deeds. From Old 4, Book p. (abstract). 349 also three, six, Samuel, Ephraim, and

helped in small ways.

A slight frown puckered Mary's forehead as she thought of Thomas. He

was twelve now, old enough to be of real help to his father, but he disliked farm work and begged to live with his grandfather, Ensign Thomas French of

Topsfield. It was a source of sorrow

to Robert. He had counted on Thomas'

help through all these years but he himself had sought opportunities in a new land when he was less than fifteen and he would not withhold freedom from his son.

When Robert arrived, his eyes were tired. It was hard enough to keep the

farm going without having a neighbor cause trouble, Mary thought.

"The verdict was 'not guilty,'"he informed her.

"I knew it could be nothing else,"she said positively.

He smiled at her assurance and thrust a workhardened finger into the velvety fist of little Emey smiling up at him from the cradle.

"Huggins threatened to appeal the case,"he said. "There will be more

trouble."At the Hamton quarterly court in

October, Robert brought a suit against

Huggins for assault and battery.

The verdict was for Huggins, and the case was appealed to the next court of assistants, where both Robert and Huggins were convicted of misdemeanor in quarreling one with anand struggling fined. 10 other and were

The next year, on April 12, 1670,

Robert was called to serve on the grand jury in Salisbury. Two months later,

( Concluded on page 228

"Testimony of Smith at Hamton court, October 1669

APRIL 1946 211

SOME UNIVERSALS

IN THE

ormon

By DR. SIDNEY B. SPERRY

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

a universal clement is meant a yea, they did esteem him more than any

Byteachingstatementwhichof a hasbit ofa comprehenwisdom or otheras a tyrantman; whofor theywas didseekingnot lookfor gain,upon yea,him

sive spiritual appeal to humanity at for that lucre which doth corrupt the soul;

of them, riches exacted not for he had rule of the lacge. Master golden The

of the shedding in neither delighted he had illustration of what unusually good is an the in established peace he but had Illustrated by John Henry Evans, ft.

in is found examples meant. The his people unto granted the blood;land, had he and

Book of Mormon are of very high that they should be delivered from all manmerit. ner of bondage; therefore they did esteem definitely favors the righteous. One is

At the outset we note that the title him, yea, exceedingly, beyond measure. reminded here of the stirring words of

page of the Book of Mormon states And it came to pass that they did appoint the prophet Amos when he said:

to or them, them judge to rule over judges in part written scripture thisthat was Ethiothe of children as not Are ye did this they to law; the and according the of Genconvincing the and"to Jew Israel? saith of children pians unto me, 29:38all O land. the (Mosiah throughout Christ,tile the Eternal is the that Jesus Israel out I brought not the Lord. up Have

all na41.) to himself manifestingGod, Philistines the land the of and of Egypt?

tions."Manifesting himself to all naIn this connection note another great from Caphtor, and the Syrians from Kir?

tions! There is no narrowness or parpassage in II Nephi 2:27: (Amos 9:7.)

ticularism here. The message and doctrines of the book are and were inWherefore, men are free according to the The same principle is again expressed

tended for persons of every church, flesh; and all things are given them which in different words by Nephi in a beaufree are they unto expedient man. are And tiful quote passage which we race, or Gentile,creed, whether and Jew

life, eternal through liberty to choose and black, brown, Methodist, orMormon to choose *U1 it or of men, mediation the great nothing save [the doeth Lord] he... of white. Fatherhoodred, or God The capto the according death, captivity and he children of the plain men; and unto be

for all mankind pervades the book from tivity and power of the devil; for he seeketh inviteth them all to come unto him and parbeginning to end. The spirit of humilithat all men might be miserable like unto take of his goodness; and he denieth none

ty, faith, trust in God, sincerity, and himself. that come unto him, black and white, bond

love for man are inherent throughout. and free, male and female; and he rememIn fact, the good of man is the center A mong the greatest of the universals bereth the heathen; and all are alike unto

and whole aim of it. to be found in the Book of MorGod, both Jew and Gentile. (II Nephi 26

The reader will find a profound opmon is the one which sets forth the 33, Italics ours.)

all before throughposition oppression sin of God.position to and men common

is belief It the of the considered instructing find these In 17 days Nephiout the when volume. we In I Nephi we doctrines that writer as expressed such

souldestroying the reasons the concerning his brethren abouthear so much will of the Mor- "prove"Book Israelites the of the to above of men,political permitted doctrines and why God anything the to than world more mon shackle Palestine to of inhabitants and the beingattempts conquer made its defense. or say in can do we sundry says: crossing devious the after and Nephi Jordan.regiment by men

soulit is andtechniques, wholesome in free And now, do ye suppose that the chil- A nother very interesting universal of the spirit notesatisfying to reference the has land of in the land, Book of were Mormon of this whoagency and democracy in the Book of dren faout driven teaching by our promise, of to the God's were word whoMormon thers, do ye suppose that they were rightthe nations. While the Lord wouldamonglike

Therefore they relinquished their desires eous? Behold, I say unto you, Nay. Do ye to lift up and exalt all of his children,

fathers been that have would our suppose all that teachers as knows, he know, anxious exceedinglyfor king, became and a if they been they choice had than more chance equal spirthat intellectual should have are an of unequal every and men man

I the you. Behold, righteous? unto Nay. say all every land; the yea, and manthroughout itual capacities. unindividuals Some

is all in one; that flesh esteemeth he Lord his for to willingness answerexpressed a truth great with receive derstand and (I is... God. righteous Nephi favored of

it that to sins. pass Therefore, cameown fold; fruit facility yield hundred and an Italics ours.) 17:3335. in together themselves assembledthey it less yield readily receive others and

in their land, to cast thebodies throughout still fruit others tenfold twofold; or and the expressed courageously Here is their should bevoices concerning who

it all at find the truth see save hard to else being that, everything the law principle according to judge themjudges, to which had been given them; and they were equal, all men stand in the same relation in its barest outlines. Yet our Father

exceedingly rejoiced because of the liberty to God. There is no favoritism. The views all of his children with love and

which had been granted unto them. And only thing that can change that relationcompassion, and he does not desire those

they did wax strong in love towards Mosrah; ship is sin and unrighteousness; God of little capacity to be held responsible

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

for truth in the same degree as those spared had it recognized this principle! hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.

of large capacity. What we have said Moreover, it has the backing and bless- (Hebrews 11:1.)

individuals, of the of less Book Mormon ing of no a figure than Jesus of in nations seems to apply to the declared: followNazareth who mere Almacredulity—i.e.,takes faith outreadinessof thetorealmbelieveof ing words:

If any man will do his will, he shall know on slight evidence. There is a note in

For behold, the Lord doth grant unto all of the doctrine [teaching], whether it be of his statement which rings true to the nations, of their own nation and tongue, to God, or whether I speak of myself. (John 7: critical mind. There are too many perteach his all word, yea, in wisdom, that he 17.) sons in every generation, including our

fit that seeth should they have; therefore we see that the Lord doth counsel in wisThere is a feeling of confidence, trust, own, who hope for things—fantastic

the name of faith and relidom, according to that which is just and and respect aroused in an individual things—in

true. (Alma 29:8.) when he is invited to experiment upon gion, but who give little thought as to

truth. or are not they based whether on test or the prinvalidity religious of a

If is this scripture corunderstood of ancient and good problem The ciple. tells of us Book The Mormon

it rectly writer, the that the by seems is interest. evil universal of The that prophet, of another the by name sentiments expressed therein account of the Nephites, the ancestors Hefriend Amulek, a of and comrade for fact the that of the most among tradition philosophic brews, had no the the of Alma's, emulated example

literatures world's various there are exterm. in the of sense the Greek Morehis exhorting brethren to by certain truths. pressed basic In latter gospel acearliest seem, Nephites the over, in hearts, "plant that the your ye word

all other words, permits peoples God least, their at accounts to cording own its try the experiment goodmay of to as his of truth as they have much folk simple, honest with been to have Italics author's.) ness,"34:4. (Alma assimilate understand. can and The interor speculative profound no few

writer knows from actual experience The Book of Mormon doctrine of exests. Consequently, the religion of the

how very difficult it is to explain to perimentation or of testing the validity Nephites was simple, and they handled

Arabs the fundamental principles of the of religious teaching is interestingly apthe problem of good and evil accordgospel. Up to a certain point they plied by the last Nephite prophet, Moingly. Nowhere does the Book of Morcomprehend and understand; beyond roni. Before sealing up the sacred gold mon make an attempt to solve it in the

that they seem to be lost. If the Book plates of which he was the custodian, manner of the Book of Job. To the

of Mormon is correct, it would seem to this great individual urged the future Nephite teachers all that is good comes be no accident that great leaders like readers of the Book of Mormon to test from God, and evil comes from the

Confucius, Buddha, Zoroaster, Mothe validity of its claims with a sincere devil others raised experiment been and have hammed, is whatsoever For I say unto you that of various peoples the world. up among whatsoever and cometh from God, And when ye shall receive these things, 1 good

These men have, in a measure, taught would exhort you that ye would ask God, evil cometh from the devil. (Alma 5:40.) is

"his word, yea, in wisdom, all that he the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if seeth fit that they [the people] should these things are not true; and if ye shall ask Note also the teaching of Mormon:

have."We have no disposition to overwith a sincere heart, with real intent, having

simplify the problem, but it has always faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of Wherefore, all things which are good seemed to us a remarkable fact, having it unto you, by the power of the Holy cometh of God; and that which is evil

great philosophical import, that only a Ghost. (Moroni 10:4.) cometh of the devil; for the devil is an

against and fighteth unto him God, enemy small fraction of the world's peoples This great experiment in the spiritual inviteth to continually, and enticeth and have any considerable insight into realm is urged upon all men without disand to do that which is evil continually.sin,

Christianity even when taught by catinction; if honestly and sincerely per- (Moroni 7:12.)

pable individuals. formed, any person may have the truth

Whether one agrees entirely or in manifested concerning the claims of the In the instructions of Lehi to his son part with the Book of Mormon teachNephite scripture by means of the Holy Jacob, there is to be found an interesting ing here expressed, the fact remains that Ghost. variation in the Nephite solution of the

it has universal insight worthy of conproblem of good and evil. We may call

sideration. "Defore passing from Alma's sermon, it the doctrine of oppositionin-alllet us notice another teaching of his things. In terms of modern philosophy

Tn the thirtysecond chapter of Alma which has universal elements in it. It it might be denominated the theory of

there is a great discourse on faith and concerns the principle of faith. After contrasteffect. Lehi says

how it may be acquired and made a pointing out that faith and knowledge is it there that be, oplife. an needs in spiritual Forpractical must instrument are different entirely and, concepts, two

... If all in righteousthings. not position so in confidence to such seems haveAlma furthermore, that person a knows who pass, neither to could not brought ness be religiousthe truths expounded him by is will in the responsible of a more God neither holiness misery, nor wickedness, is his that willing subto he have words position before only him than one who it needs neither bad. nor be... must good

trial. tojected experimental He believes, the states: prophet forthere opposition; the that even an was

his follows hearers to aspreached life; fruit in tree to the of opposition bidden

I said concerning as And now faith—faith bitter. the other the being sweet one and if behold, will arouse But and awake ye is things; not to perfect a of have knowledge

the unto Wherefore, Lord gave man God faculties, toyour experiment even upon an therefore if faith things have ye hope ye for (II for himself. that act should he Nephi faith, exercise particle of words, a andmy true. seen, are are which not which (Alma

15, 2:11, 16.) if desire toyea, than can even ye more no Italics 32:21. ours.)

believe, let this desire work in you, even until ye believe in a manner that ye can This Book of Mormon prophet has There are universal elements in this acceptable teaching even to some modforgive place feet the a portion of my words. (Alma his on a person ground—when

the latter ern philosophers, though Italics ours.)32:27. faith has are hopes he for things which

is that entirely point there out might too is seen, clearer not are true. This which recognition teachings that The many evil for the in the purpose world much in respects and satisfac- a more manyin spiritual the be, realm should and may contrast good. to of Lehi While was faith tory statement about the than one

isbe, tested universal experiment by of attempting to philonot probably be in 11:1: Hebrewsinterest validity. trouble and and What is his sophical, his to to the sermon son

sadness may the world have been Now faith is the substance of things {Continued on page 240)

APRIL 1946 213 I,t was not by accident that Hungry Sheep

Joan watched the large Goodrich sedan draw up to the curb across the street.

She had brought her work from the

Daily Gazette to her bedroom so as to be at home when the three o'clock train pulled in from In Henderson. a moment I will! He'll to honest precious be bring to to Paul gone Henderson methe chauffeur alighted helped and Hen- "Stan's utter because of tenderyou—home."rietta sister, Goodrich her Elizaand

I'll ness, cry, "Don't back, swiftly, Joan. come sat Henrietta eyes up brownbeth, the to sidewalk. the Elizabeth was "you know—coiffure, supreme moment, her her under One snapping grayelder it ten years, some by she but was filling lifetime! to enough a encompass clinging thin to her overdecorated robe carried the overnight bag, whilewho she forgotten could Yet her have knees. work there see don't "I be should whyHenrietta leaned the upon chauffeur's at the Gazette, could even forgothave ride to a a todo such Henderaboutarm. failed, have They thought Joan; ten Paul old and Mrs. Goodrich and "If son,"protested. doesn't she Paul

isthe over, but to war Paul refused futile given to mourning let way because live to home, him somewant come Lannie, home.come the maid, colored life for never hold her would another else."lay again with where She downappeared the porch, on the took bag such moment! rapidly, breathing eyes, closed and assistedand Henrietta into house. the

face. her small shawl drawing a around chauffeurThe drove the away, andlarge Goodrich house settled to its Dut she must find out about Losing one son was hard enough,

customary atmosphere of silent imPaul. Even before she took her copy thought Joan, feeling her own throat

mobility. to the Gazette office, she must know grow taut. One can scarcely expect a

Joan threw herself upon the bed, about him. If only someone other than woman to lose two gracefully. But it

pressing rigid palms into her burning his mother had seen him! As she crossed was not out of pity for Henrietta Goodeyes. She found it hard to analyze just

how she did feel toward Henrietta, the mother of Stanley and Paul. She knew

that she had hated her once, but those flames had been extinguished in their mutual tears when Stan had been killed.

No one could suffer as Joan had suffered without feeling pity for the proud woman who had suddenly passed from the simulation of youth to old age passed beyond the rescue of her beauty parlor. Tears pricked Joan's eyelids as

she admitted that she had forgiven

Stan's mother. But she could never forget. If it hadn't been for Henrietta

Goodrich, she would have borne Stanley's name all the days of her life; she

might even have borne him a son. A

smothering wave of loneliness enveloped her.

But after a moment she sat up with an effort. Something must be done

about Stan's young brother, Paul. Her

glance roamed the four walls of her room but found no answer; then her

typewriter and bestrewn desk, even

Stanley's photograph became as nothing, and she stood with him under a great tree whose branches shut out the sky and held them close.

"Perhaps Mother was right,"Stanley was saying. "Ten months in camp—"Illustrated by Charles Jacobsen

opens your eyes to a lot of things. I

guess I ran into too many war brides the street, the Goodrich windows aprich that she steadied her voice to with their crying babies."But his words peared to be gazing at her inhospitably. speak. She could hear her own choklacked conviction, and Joan had known She strained to pull her nerves under ing, "I'll take care of Paul, Stan—

even then that she and Stan would have control. Lannie admitted her to the liv- "Did you see Paul?"Joan asked.

been married if it hadn't been for his ing room, where Elizabeth was knitting Elizabeth laid down her knitting and mother. She lived again their last day in a low rocker and Henrietta lying leaned forward, watching her sister.

together. The sun had gone down, and upon the couch. She hesitated on the After a silence Henrietta replied. "Yes.

an immense yellow moon had climbed threshold, and Mrs. Goodrich lifted He is better. Out of the hospital, in fact.

the sky to grow small and white, and herself on her elbow, surprised into He uses his—hand well."She stretched

yet they had not talked their hearts revealing her curiosity. upward to look at a water color hangempty. "Come in, my dear,"said Elizabeth ing above the piano. Joan turned and

"I hope it's all over before Paul turns cheerfully. "Here's a comfortable chair gazed at a delicately painted lake, its

eighteen."Stan's constrained voice, waiting for you."edges rippling beneath a trailing willow.

tightened above his normally low regAs Joan seated herself, she silently Two finely printed words stood out ister, echoed now in the still room. studied the face of Paul's mother. Then, mutely in a lower corner: "Paul Good-

—tooStan's livingsensitivevoice!for "Paulwar—"is suchHer aownkid afterspoke.a jerky little intake of breath, she therich."sameForstraina momentof pity,theirthenheartsHenriettabeat

sobbing reply: "I'll take care of Paul, "Yesterday's Gazette said you had lay down again, wearily.

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "You are not afraid of me, are you,

Paul?""No.""Then may I talk frankly?"

"Of course."

theDm "I think you need to face yourself squarely, Face as you are today. j iSlancke J\endatl il/lcJ\e <i Paul unflinchingly. you And when new

are used to your new self—a deeper

friends, old your about among will will find accept they you "If he is out of the hospital, where is would lift bruised spirits and give light self—goand you

he staying?"asked Joan softly. to the blind? The wheels seemed to on that deeper level. That's why I want

His mother's brows twitched. "At a rotate: "Feed my sheep."you to go home."

jerkily. she said boardinghouse,""With her first glimpse of Paul that flared. It was stand "I couldn't home,"he "some of his 'buddies.'Her thin to her approach. the keynote his tone gave his with he pressed mouth He Then

quivered. was slumped in a large chair, not in a closed fist and stared out over the green

"It's true that Paul is better,"broke boyish sprawl, but as old men somecarpet. She did not intrude. When his

in Elizabeth thoughtfully. "But he's not times sit when they have surrendered voice came again, it was under control.

well. He seems lost. I don't think he youth. His head was bowed, and his "Don't get it into your head that I

was really glad to see us. At least not right arm with its pitiful hook was lying haven't thought about it. Or that I

after the first half hour. He needs help left his I in his lap. hand But was spread like where wouldn't be back to—to and—his chair, the helplessly of on thumb arm the comhome back left off. But I was

Joan rose. "I think the Daily Gazette drooping over upturned palm. She had ing great artist. People don't underwould gladly offer Paul a position,"she but a glance, but in it she saw the real stand. That's why I cling to my budbegan, Henrietta her arms but threw like man, with ourexplain was to dies. don't Paul. He have We

wide. lines his sorrow the fire his outrage of still selves."down turned He a blindface—one

again! I wish this Gazette town "The the dark. constant bewildered nothing. said by she With but on her

would forget all about me and my "Joan,"he said as she came near. softened tones he went on. "I want to

sons."life, Joan. I

the dripping "We shall never forget our heroes,"Then"I'm gladas herto warmsee you,smileJoan."enveloped him, makeresolvedsomethingthat over ofthere.my In

cried dark huskily, hazel her eyes Joan, I to hospital saying tent kept of a my- "it's I,"she exclaimed, good so "And the in creeping through the shadows I 'If self, to I'm be going not get back, of regular out to the see you "hospital—a large speak could not She windows. failure a because his of—this.'again."features studied She guy plea her Stan's but she continued name,

like do, Paul?"to you would felt "What looked reassured back he and when for playing Paul. Paul remember "We I I That's did. don't "I I wish know. steadily. at time you, see her "Every leads, editing college the the high school

I cling—"His went head down like Stan."look why more you beto the contributing Gazette Journal, instead cry, to but again. longed She his eyes swallowed and dropped He not eighteen."did fore turned She he voice: Elizabeth's listened to "He she hard. moistened. lashes After Joan's gift, greatest Paul's seemingly mention

recurring the to and seems are asked, a dohe lost—lost—"you moment "What his for before but a moment was train: sheep."the "Feed of rhythm my in ing Henderson?"sucpainting. to see a Paul want silent"We getting and a now, low sun was The if visitcessful turn business. he I'm can man. Gazette "Daily whom To their the cool swept pond breeze from his this friends editors forget ing him?"morning. to come Want thought, if in to her faces. answer As small Henrietta's along?"beat spasmodijaws

live in that big said, house "I couldn't he thin cally cheeks. in not did she her But

don't Mother. Stan. without know You read speak, not Elizabeth even when go. to decided JLlE They I Paul!'go Paul! would 'Poor Poor the stroke address, she Paul's heard and offices, in the newspaper spent morning crazy."

of pencil. a interest his become she watched where all at home,"Joan you need "We

more and more evident. In the early said. "The Daily Gazette wants to take

J<Joan worked late at the afternoon they lunched on the balcony you on."

Gazette office, preparing her copy a day of a small restaurant overlooking the "'Poor Paul'?"he asked ironically.

simple the well park. Paul managed earnestly talked schedule. of She ahead "Not at all. We are dreadfully shortfinished, they ordered. food he editor, When city whose about with the Paul handed."

overstrained vision revealed itself as Joan suggested, "Let's get out into the He studied her inquiringly. "What

he took off his glasses and squinted at park."would I do?"

her eager face. "Paul was a brilliant They sought the pond, with popcorn "Assist the city editor. He's

kid,"he said. "I surely would be glad for the ducks. Later they found a bench swamped."

to give him a chance. Besides, I'm where a clump of evergreens gave them She saw his artist eyes examining a

snowed under."a feeling of seclusion. pinktinted cloud forming a filigree

All night Joan's mind, consciously or Joan lifted her eyes from the sweep against the paling blue.

find studyto grass Paul of sunsoaked with be painted "Pictures can her problem otherwise, with busy was clear, her. ing steady and His gaze was suggested. she words,""The Gazette talking been she of Paul. had Once

in its lay of sure she wasn't but what starting point."be a might talkthen she Stan; with about him was

ing with Paul himself about his mother; brown depths. "It might, at that."

to are go "Paul, you afraid why voice Elizabeth's exaggerated advantage. she heard her to push She was swift."home?"repeating, life will seems an artist, be "All your "He you lost—lost—

left and his His down, head went the that. not until she get But can't from was on it was away train riding toward Henderson that she hand flexed nervously. Then he looked Paul—youAnd it is the artists who understand

recalled Milton's line: "The hungry back at her bravely for a second before people. You have the imagination to

sheep look up, and are not fed."It had he said unsteadily: catch viewpoints. To bridge over the

been two or three years since she had "I don't know that it is fear. I'm not differences between philosophies. Our

thought of Lycidas—perhaps not since sure exactly what it is. Maybe I'm guns are silent now, but that doesn't

she and Stan had poured over the poem afraid of myself. I saw a lot of poor mean we shan't have to fight."

as freshmen. The line kept recurring: kids who went—loony. It's bad enough He sat unmoving. He was thinking "The hungry sheep look up, and are not to lose part of your—mechanism, but of a doctor in France who had said to

fed."Thousands of boys elatedly sailit's worse when your mind gets shot up. him when he lay low: "Son, a country

ing back to America—some of them all Sometimes I'm afraid what may have that is worth dying for is worth living

right, some of them maimed. Who happened to mine."for."(Concluded on page 240)

APRIL 1946 215 A MORMON WIFE

XIV Conclusion Jke cJLife Jtom of Mission to Japan

toldMotherus of andthe beautiesFather hadof Californiaoften er5 Kjrant and how some day they hoped to 9 take the family there. Grandma Grant's

eightieth birthday,approaching which the By MARY GRANT JUDDwould occur on March 7, 1901, was circumstance which made this dream a DAUGHTER OF PRESIDENT HEBER J. AND

reality. AUGUSTA WINTERS GRANT

Before proceeding with a description of the trip, I must include this item from my mother's journal: "March 1899.

Heber is in Chicago where he took Ray to see John H. Taylor who has had an

operation for appendicitis. This makes Halliburton did, we traveled the royal too warm to keep their jackets on."It

it impossible to keep her engagement road to romance. What did it matter was a rare interlude, and the family

tourist sleeper not a a made the most of it. and we rode first secret the in the any that family—a that ate Pullman, of our lunch out we longer, the children nearly and went

wild with excitement."The marriage the box we had brought along from HPhen, like a bolt from the blue, came

took place in August of the same year. home instead of going into the diner? the astounding news that my father

Father in his bighearted way, deMarch 1901 found our family of nine had been called to open a mission for cided that not only Mother, Grandma, and we five sisters, but Ray and her sixmonths-old daughter Lucy, must all go to California for a two months'vacation. His finances were in a precarious state, but, by economizing, we

could make out. We fared forth on the

twentyfifth of January. It was the first

time all of us had ever been out of the state of Utah and as much as Richard

MRS. GRANT MAKING HER FAVORITE RECIPE

—from eightyyear-old Grandma to MISSIONARIESGRANTSWHOIN WEREJAPANWITH THE

sixmonths-old Lucy, Rachel's baby Left to right: Joseph Featherstone, Marie

vacationing in Pacific Grove, Califor- J.Featherstone,Grant, AugustaSanfordWintersHedges,Grant,the Almaauthor,O. HebetTaynia, "the quietest, cleanest, greenest lor, Mrs. Horace S. Ensign, Fred T. Caine, Horace

temperance town in the United States,"S. Ensign, Leon Jartis, John Stoker.

as Mother wrote in one of her letters.

There had been excited sightseeing in the Church in Japan, where Mormon

San Francisco, and room "without missionaries had never before set foot.

board"in a house on Geary Street, We children were amazed and could where Mother was permitted to use the talk of nothing else. When would he

kitchen to prepare our meals as long go? Who would go with him? How

as she kept out of the Chinese cook's long must he stay?

way (but he proved smiling and acThree men, Louis A. Kelch, Horace

commodating, and taught her how to S. Ensign, and Alma O. Taylor were

bake the fresh fish that was new to called to accompany my father. At

her). And there had been "royal enterhome again, there ensued such a series

tainment"friends—dinneron theat thepartBohemianof Father'sClub, ofas meetingshad scarcelyand dinnersbeen knownand receptionsin the

trips to Mt. Tamalpais, Golden Gate community before. Much speculation

Park, the Cliff House. But best of all was rife as to how the new missionwere the quiet hours among the tall aries would be received, for it was just

pines and flowerfilled yards of Pacific at this time that several Christian misGrove, and carefree fun on the beach. sionaries had been put to death in

"Below me the children are playing in China.

: "Our Japanese thefish—anysand, pickingstrange upandshells,interestingmoss, thingstarrecordedOn thein30thher journalof July 1901, Mother

that the sea casts up before them,"missionaries have gone. I felt as if there

wrote Mother. "They have just run to had been a funeral in the house after

me with their collection and declare it Heber had gone. I never felt so lonely

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ture the second wedding in the family occurred, I am impressed with the organization which must have been required to get everything done.

"June 26, 1 902. Lutie was married to

George J. Cannon today. We went to

the temple at onethirty and stayed to be set apart for our missionary labors.

Went home and finished our packing and preparations for Japan. At five the

family, immediate relatives, and all the

General Authorities came to the wedding reception. (A dinner served at

tables on the back lawn.) About ten

o'clock the entire Tabernacle choir with

Professor McCIellan came to our home and serenaded us. It sounded like the

singing of angels, and the tears rolled down my face as I stood outside on the porch and gazed up at the stars and thought how long it might be before I saw my home again. ( My mother was

never to see her father again, for he died while we were in Japan. ) Soon we

went to the Union Pacific station where several hundred people had congregated to see us off."

There were twelve in our party including the bridal pair, who accompanied us as far as Seattle and stood on the pier to wave us farewell as the

Kaga Mara steamed out into the Pacific.

A fter an ideal voyage ( though seven- * teen days seemed a long time) we arrived in Yokohama, enthralled by the novelty and beauty of the landscape, like artistic Japanese prints come to life. We discerned Elders Kelch, Ensign, and Taylor among the brightly

colored, kimonoclad throng which always greeted an incoming liner, and soon, customs inspection over, we were on our way to Tokyo aboard a queer, little train. that noticed LIFE chugging, PICTURES OF IN LATER MONTAGE TAKEN We

OF HEBER J. AUGUSTA WINTERS AND GRANT the seats, before when he went away, but then other faced which each and

he has never been so far nor for so long. ran the length of the car, were uncomMy best hope now is that I can soon journ in a foreign land, for the family fortably wide for us. The reason was

go to join him, as that was his last wish who were to be left at home, and the soon made plain. As the journey conalso."fact that on the very day of our depar- (Continued on page 229)

It was almost three weeks before the family received any word from the departed missionaries. Then the joyful

news arrived, via cablegram, that they were safe and sound in Yokohama.

After this there were many thrilling letters, pictures, and clippings from newspapers containing interviews, etc.

But this story belongs rather to my father's biography than to my mother's and must be told elsewhere. MRS. GRANT

The following spring my mother was HELPING told by the Church Authorities that in PRIMARY the early summer her husband would CHILDREN return to take her back to Japan with him as well as a fairly large group of elders and two lady missionaries, wives of Elders Ensign and Featherstone. I

was thirteen years old at the time, and when it was announced that I was to accompany my parents to the fairylike spot that I had been reading and dreaming about for a year, I could hardly believe my ears.

As I contemplate the preparations that must be made for our year's so- 'K X *mL ItnmllM w/Mmlmm

APRIL 1946 217 'ears Atao jrorty U THEence seventysixthof the Church annualof JesusconferChrist tionformationagain, spread"used tooverbe a themembercongregaof the darkenednot unlike yearsthose thatof 191617-18,the world hasin moredays of Latterday Saints convened in Bear Lake Stake Young Men's Mutual recently known, obtaining his release in the Salt Lake tabernacle Friday, April Improvement Association superintendearly 1919; Elder Whitney filling that

6, 1906. As sessions passed, nothing ency when they had fiftyseven ward European assignment from July 1921 to

was said about the important vacancies organizations."November 1922; and Elder McKay,

to be filled. By now messengers had slipped from after touring the world in 192122, in

The closing session commenced Sunthe tabernacle unnoticed to carry the which he visited all the then organized day afternoon at two o'clock. "If ever news to the overflow meetings. missions outside the United States exthe tabernacle held ten thousand people within its historic walls it did so at

session,"the afternoon read a newsGENERAL AUTHORITIES SUSTAINED IN APRIL 1906paper of the occasion. account Three

thousand more conferenceattenders The First Presidency for into Hall thewere Assembly packed do YOU F. President Smith Joseph JJcow mant least meeting. another overflowan At

as first President Winder John R. be* 'remember thethousand formed people grounds on

counselor for openairthe meetcongregation an Patriarch of the President Anthon H. Lund as secPresiding itsing. prayers, meeting Each had own Church ond counselor selections, speakers.musical and John Smith

facilities public (Radio address and of the Council Twelve The Seventv First of the Council The installed marSquare, on Templenow

Francis President M. Lyman B. President Young Seymour are, localvelous as they taken have Smith Henry John Roberts Brigham H.color conferencetime.) from Teasdale George Reynolds George

There was an anthem and an invocaHeber J. Grant Jonathan G. Kimball

tion and another anthem at the taberRudger Clawson Rulon S. Wells

nacle conference session. And then Reed Smoot Joseph W. McMurrin

speakers: Elder John Henry Smith... Hyrum M. Smith Charles H. Hart

Albert Smith George... PresidentElder Charles W.Penrose Bishopric Presiding The Charles Penrose W. F. Smith read the auditing comJoseph

F. B. Preston Richards William Bishop George

mittee's report. And then President Orson F. Whitney Robert T. Burton as first counselor

Francis M. Lyman of the Council of David O. McKay Orrin P. Miller as second counselor

the Twelve was announced as the closing speaker. Watches were nervously

glanced at. Could it be that the existing

Africa, presided continued over the President cepting South down Lymanvacancies going to be filled? were not

".. the from familiar form: Mission F. European November. and Joseph his PresidentAfter delivering address

Lyman presented the names of the GenSmith, Jr., as an assistant Church his1922 to December 1924.

eral Authorities to be sustained. Here torian."That, too, was a new appointIf President Richards had done nothit came: ment, and like the others, it was well ing else in his long life of faithful serv-

"As members of the Council of the received. ice, he would be well remembered as

Twelve Apostles:... George F. Richpresident of the Salt Lake Temple from

ards, Orson F. Whitney, and David O. 'T'he apostolic careers of Elders Rich1921 to 1938. During his administration

McKay."ards, Whitney, and McKay are too that temple was enlarged and the ordi-

A wave swept over the congregation well known to dwell long upon here. nance work, both for the living and for

as thousands turned to their neighbor to Each has visited the stakes of Zion the dead, was carried forward in greatinquire: "Who are they?"many times to fill conference appointer degree. He is now, in addition to

"George F. Richards of the Tooele ments and to counsel the members in his duties as president of the Council

true spirit brotherhood. the of in supervisor of temples of the Twelve, the stake presStake presidency—that's

F. Elder George in recently been Richards is now the the Church, havingidency both that gave the Church

Francis M. Lyman and Heber J. Grant. president of the Council of the Twelve, charge of the beginning of ordinance

having succeeded to that position on work at the newlydedicated Idaho "Orson F. Whitney—why he's been

bishop of the Salt Lake City Eighteenth May 21, 1945. Elder Whitney comFalls Temple.

Ward for twentyeight years.... pleted his earthly mission on May 16, Bishop Whitney, as he delighted to

1931. Elder McKay was sustained as be called, was the poetprince of Mor- "David O. McKay—he's that young

in Presicounselor the First secondprincipal of the Stake Academy Elias Weber having monism, penned—An

that 6, 1934, and in October on things doing as a member dency thewho has been the Ages, Love and Epic of of the Weber Stake Sunday School sucapacity has served President Heber J. Light—An Idyl o/ the Westland, and

perintendency in Ogden."Grant and is now serving President also the History of Utah (four volPresident Lyman raised his voice George Albert Smith. umes), Saturday Night Thoughts, The

again: The three apostles that were susMaking of a State, and Whitney's Pop-

"As members of the First Council tained together forty years ago this ular History of Utah, of the Seventy:... and Charles H. April conference have also served as President McKay soon found himHart."presidents of the European Mission: self engrossed in Sunday School work.

"He's from Logan,"the wave of inElder Richards serving in the war- {Concluded on page 238) 218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE REALM WE HAVE NOT SEEN

C3nturies ago, an old prophet whose names had been Moses, Joseph, asked a question that has been reElijah, and many others.

asked from that day until this An air of pleased anticipation charged one. It comes out of the longing the crowd. From their conversation one

of man to know more than he knows, might have discovered that before long to see farther than he sees, to be assured their beloved leader would return from that the horizon of his vision does not an absence that had extended into some mark the end of all life and happiness. thirtythree years. His return would

So Job asked, "If a man die, shall he mark the end of a voluntary exile from live again?"the company of this brilliant assemIf a man die? But men do not diel blage. Then he would resume his place

Man, the ego, is as indestructible as as the coordinator and director of all any other matter. He is eternal. What the inspired actions of those who were

does that mean? He never had a beginbound together by love and common

ning, and he can never have an end. purpose.

gird themselves to learned have Men This society of a highminded was in but adventures variousfor new and resolved to temmen women who had developed attire. Their newlyporary their eternal dedicate lives to the exelectric or steel, or rubber,suits of the of endless panding worlds around

are merely whatnot,rays, or the adapthem. to mind seemed Every know by the conditions to oftations wise men intuition the full of the import events

incident to certain places or times. Do that would soon take place. Only one

they cease to live when they have taken cloud hung over the scene. Hearts were

off such clothes? feeling its pull distinctly. It seemed there

Has man only now found something must be a period of intense personal used? and long knew agowhich God suffering of the the on part whose man occafor the are dressed mortalsWe they coming before awaited, he would

this world. of explorationsion of our It necessary, be them. they with as was

the to belong senses, inner whichOur in for the knew, place from he which with equippedreal been person, have still to come, able to—Illustration by Fielding K. Smith was people were

of outlets channels or physicalvarious see spiritual great and comprehend explorare the worldcontact with we in truths only. part king Their needed

is well not suit hereing. wear we The these the groping people show way,

life larger more to a and onadapted life so could they follow into the him 8,v to scale, consequentlyuniversal and we of the next could not they which room it for a time behind we whenwill leave if see. Strangely, permit only would he

here.leave <J-J. infinitely hurt, to \AJoodriA,ff himself they be Miakel would

this physlean to learned on have We inthink of him as really deeply and PH.D. world. the withical of contact source

it terested in their welfare. So was bedropping of it, we we thinkWhen UNIVERSITY CORNELL that suffer for time, to he a leave must

come panicstricken and try to hold on a thought burned forever into the minds as a drowning man grasps at straws of a blind world. But soon that would

appearwhich them.

give.cannot toWeofferrarelyhim supportleap intotheya be over and he would be with

cannot into whichroom we see. We

unwilling and himself with other tools fit for another Tn another place, the scene was less into it withfeel our way cautious steps, no matter how wondertype of surroundings. And so we say peaceful, less characterized by calm,

intelligence. air. high in the Anger was itful little he is dead. out to be. turn have may We

intelligences temporarily hindered desirability those of realmsfaith in the Victor Hugo said: Great tools material blunby gross were seen. not havewe

When I go down to the grave, I can say dering around in a blind and angry atlike others, finished "I so many arrive at have to tempt an my to someanswer have with experiences men whofUR finished "I say, work,"but have their that thing manifestly was beyond eternity of into the next room gone life."the day's will begin work my MyI cannot capacities. in the stood calm man One only see complete. themare not alley, is blind next morning. a not We tomb The confusion. eyes midst of the His were are because mortality it is now, as Itduring twicloses the a thoroughfare. on we

the channels through which our senses light; it opens with the dawn. not blinded by his material suit as the

function are limited to physical phenomothers. He merely waited for what

the happen. After a while crowd It not would with Jesus. so it was was And suit inena. see the adapted only We sign that the seemed to have been given real the and taken Jesus was down who sudreal friend moves. ourwhich Then

denly the suit is laid down, inanimate. tenderly laid in the tomb. Let us rewas wanted. It moved away from a

It no longer moves, it no longer funcconstruct the story of what happened courtyard and off to a hill, where it tions to give us contact with its former on that memorable Friday over ninenailed the quiet man to a cross in an insulting senseless and manner. sky The ago. years teen hundred attached sowearer. have become We black overhead, though even it was it fail realize has that large suit to theto group was have must a been There we

still noon. real laid used the of assembled. asidebeen bore them names by Some man who

it for a while. We have known the man that would sound familiar to us. One

within only through this suit, which we of the most striking was a fatherly man "DiNALLY out of the chaotic scene arose think carries the qualities we love. But of evident greatness. His name was a cry—triumphant, glad, strong, full

the master craftsman's tool is not a Michael. He had at one time been of victory and satisfaction: "It is finmaster without the craftsman. The suit known, under other conditions, as ished!"

is not the man we loved. He is still Adam. Near him might have been The king was with his friends. The

about, but our channel of communicafound Gabriel, who had once been scene is beyond our description. It must

tion has been broken. He is equipping known as Noah. There were those ( Concluded on page 238

APRIL 1946 219 QJcDtPd]

TJTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt

A A Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System

By RICHARD L EVANS every Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central

Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

utencm9 yJur Lshildiren \Jyi jrmmvtnltu from tk \17hen we are dealing with inanimate objects, there may come a precise moment when we can stand back and Jroublei of LJtkerd look at our work and call it finished. But with our children

the problem is not so simple. We may put them to bed fNE of the rare gifts among men is the gift of imaginingat night and sigh something of relief, and feel a certain ourselves in the place of others—and acting accordingly.

satisfaction and security in their hours of sleep, but with We are so very much ourselves, and sometimes live so morning the process which parents know so well begins very much within ourselves, that our outlook tends to be all over again. Sometimes in our puzzled discouragement the outlook of one who views the world from precisely

or weariness, we might wish that we could transfix our where we are sitting. The inclination to see everything in

children for the moment—that we could feel that the clay terms of our own present situation is demonstrated in many

it is difficult relatively ways. to rememwe are warm, When in its render them set somehowhad we could mold—that cold. bitter penetration sumptuousthe are of ber we When least long think they ought asimmovable we to be—at

of alive it is difficult sensation ly fed, the acute to keep to wishfor be given to get us our breath.enough may We

comfortable, prosperous hunger. when and we are When seal under them thating could somehow we glass—away

families circle conthe sheltered or in the of our we are in all all contrary and conflicting thought, from awayfrom contaminating influences. But our children aren't going to genial company of our friends, when Providence smiles

lulled falsely comforting into the sometimes upon us, we are will. in they neverlive have and never a vacuum—they that that other shall never men, be as we we shall quickly each going day thought normal, they are areIf they to move

and see many things and think many thoughts and react never know their sorrows or their loneliness or their want.

allin many ways. And through all of this intense growing We are aware of our own troubles, of course, which we

and moving and changing, if we are wise and constant, have; but it is so easy to feel an immunity from the troubles

We can do much to help them, to protect them, to guide of others. But "the mills of the gods grind slowly and

them in all that they see and hear and think and do. exceedingly fine."Fortune and circumstances change. By

But no matter how able and earnest we are, no matter how events which we never could have foreseen, we sometimes long we may live, no matter how close we may have been find that we ourselves are the ones who are in need of to our children, we cannot isolate them from the influences comfort or of help or of sustenance, and except for the of their own time and generation. And inevitably there will ministrations of others, perhaps we would never survive

perhaps, at least, our faith in men would not survive. Andbe times when we will not be with them—when other

voices will be in their ears, when other hands will be on so, partly in anticipation of a possible time when we might their shoulders, when their decisions will be made without be the ones who have some urgent need, but more espeour presence or help. And since we cannot isolate them from cially out of consideration for our obligations to all men

life, since we cannot fix their thoughts, or cast them into whether we shall ever be in need or not, we would do an unchanging mold, or anticipate all their problems, we well to keep before our thoughts that "pure religion and would do well to give them, early, while ours is still the undefiled"of which James spoke, for always there are many strongest influence in their lives, a sure set of standards, widows and fatherless. Always there are many sons away

a foundation of safe and sound principles, on which to base their actions and their decisions when we are no longer from home. Always there are crying needs on every hand

by their sides to counsel with them. Among the greatest for comfort, for kindliness, for understanding and encouraid. pattern of the for material as as well And greatergifts than a hoveragement, child—even

all times us has been action for given such by him who character, theing, solicitous the wisdom, a parent canprotection—isgive a

the standards that will help him safely to make his own told of a certain Samaritan for whom it was enough to decisions and provide his own protection. know only that here was a man in need.

—February 10, 1946.—February 24, 1946.

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,?V?!&:v?&!J7*;.

tern S:g:5S?:'W;

and desires, it so often happens that uninvited and unfore-

L>7t. iSeinq9 Lc.onvincm bestseen planning.events quicklyWhychangeit shouldthe pattern,be so, isofttimesa questiondespitethatouris

f)NE thing we all have to learn in order to live happily universally asked and difficult to answer. But certainly

and successfully is how to get along with people. And part of the answer is to be found in the fact that if we had

one important factor in getting along with people is to deeverything our own way, there are many worthwhile exourselves. There spare surely periences would which convincingly we sincere. Then their be serve confidence—to

later great prove learn at things cost which we are many be thus convincing? the question we How comes: How can can we give assurance to others that there is no sham or to be worth more than they cost—even though by our own

superficiality or hidden motive in our dealings with them? choice we would avoid them if we could. Even as there

How can we convince them that the reasons we someare few children who would not at some time prefer to times give are the real reasons for some of the things we avoid going to school, with its discipline and its pains of do? Sometimes there is much studied effort to be convincing learning, so, likewise, there are few adults but who would

prefer to avoid the problems and the—much utterance of pleasing and wellchosen words not at some time

life. But the great Teacher of all men, the much resort to the techniques of persuasion—all of which discipline of

have their proper uses, no doubt, and which, even with Father of us all, who prescribes the curriculum, and fixes misuse, sometimes meet with seeming success. But those the requirements for graduation, somehow sees that we

who misuse their powers of persuasion, those who mislead get our share of the lessons of life, to fashion and to fit us, are seldom long accredited in one place; they soon us for things to come, according to our needs and nature.

squander their capital of the confidence which others have And we may confidently offer the maxim that he who lives in them, and are convincing no more. No matter how able life just as he plans it, misses much, because the things we

or artful they are, sooner or later they have to find new don't plan for ourselves are often just as necessary to our prospects, new friends, new faces, because there is no happiness as the things we do plan—even if they are harder,

satisfactory way of longcontinued dealing with anyone, even if they bring effort and difficulty, heartache, and disexcept on the basis of mutual trust and confidence. And appointment. We may still ask why; we may rebel; we may

ultimately to be convincing is no mere matter of salesmanhonestly believe that we ourselves are the best judges of ship, or of showmanship, or of oratory, or of artistry; it what would give us happiness; and some of us may never

satisfies us this side of the grave. But is no mere matter of technique—no more than is being truthfind an answer that

ful or honest or virtuous a matter of technique. Either we to each of us will come the answer, if not now, then later. if necessary—but are or we aren't. When we want to be convincing, thereWe have a long time to learn—eternity,

fore, suppose we examine our own hearts; suppose we blessed are we if we learn early to meet life as it comes,

look squarely at our motives; suppose we imagine that and to have faith, when events move beyond our control,

others can read our thoughts, even as we can; suppose that we shall find an ultimate compensation in every exwe see ourselves standing before the Judge of all men, with perience, with strength growing out of our difficulties, and

understanding out of our sorrows. shall—and all one day indeed we nothing hidden—which—February 17, 1946. ourselves, to convincing are still if, supposing all this, we

then we may well rightfully expect to be convincing to others. There is only one sure way to be convincing and

Copyright. 1946. that is to be what we ought to be—to seem to be what we

are—and to be as sincere and as honest as we sometimes

wish others were.

—February 3, 1946.

eyUi&cipurie for cLlvln

TvJone of us can count with certainty on any prolonged period of tranquility

When things seem to be going about as we would have them go—when

at last it seems that we might relax and live according to our own plans

APRIL 1946

-z

IU13

'-.-'c (3tMrehJ/loves On

Food, Clothing, for Europe France, Belgium, Holland, Norway, Primary Convention

Tn early March the equivalent of ten Denmark, Finland, and Czechoslovakia. ''"Phe fortieth annual convention of the

railroad carloads of food had been Y.M.M.I.A. General Board Primary Association will be held

8, in 7, Salt welCity the 9, on to and Europe Churchshipped Lake June by of members four new Appointment direction the of plan. from of under food carloads Adelefare Mrs. Five Can- "of the of the general board Young is Calipresident. general Angeles, Howells, ThisSalt one Los non Lake, from

fornia, and one from Mesa, Arizona, Men's Mutual Improvement Associathe first Churchwide Primary convenare awaiting shipment. tion has been announced by Superintion held since June 1941. (M.I.A. June

are tendent George They Q. Morris. has conference been announced for sorted carefully Clothing, and packed principal of Merrill Clayson, D.

8. 6, 7, and the June boxes,in paper and heavy waterproof Seminary; Granite School Reed High

Salt shipped from beenhad longactive Richards, Lake City, H. Men ath- M Falls. Lessthan-carIdaho andOgden, letics Madsen, leader; Richard Jr.; Deseret Club W.

load shipments of clothing have been and Richard M. Ball, recently dis- A Deseret Club has been organized

made from welfare projects in Chicago, charged from the armed forces. The two * among the Latterday Saint stuNew York City, and Washington, D.C. young women members were appointed dents at Oregon State College, CorSaints have received shipments in last month. {See March Era, p. 159.) vallis, Oregon, by Dr. Franklin L.

SIX NEW MEMBERS ADDED TO M.I.A. GENERAL BOARDS

RICHARD W. MADSEN, JR. ALICEBETH WHITELEY MERRILL D. CLAYSON

.::..:::..::

;;::..:... v. '..:.:..:!.:::.,

REED H. RICHARDS LILLIAN A. SCHWENDIMAN RICHARD M. BALL

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA March Excommunicated 16, 1882, deacon. States Northwestern Branch, the Vancouver of educacommissioner ChurchWest,

Salt in the Twentyfourth Ward, 18, 1945, Mission. include the club of Officerstion. Mar

Stake. Lake Hamilton, born February Arthur Joseph president, and JohnJean Hickman, W.

Cook, vice president.

President Richards

President George F. Richards of the

* Council of the Twelve and Mrs.

Richards were feted at a family dinner PERFECT

ATTENDANCE birtheighty-fifth his 23, onFebruary RECORD living thirteen their attendedday, by sons and daughters.

President and Mrs. Richards'posterity includes thirteen sons and daughters,

sixty grandchildren, and fortynine greatgrandchildren, "without a black sheep among them"as he proudly describes them.

President Richards arrives at his office daily at 8:30 and works until 5:00.

He was ordained an apostle on April 9, Twelve Granite Stake girls had one hundred percent records for the year 1945. This represents

Association, the for meeting sacrament and Improvement School, Mutual at Sunday attendance perfect president of the became 1906, and given public of they have observe the one Wisdom; full tithepayers; they Word year. They are entire 21, of the TwelveCouncil on May girls in the project. picture welfare in above The participated service a Church and in a Church address

stake Trauffer, A. Hamilton, Pearl Goates, Jean Luanda front to right, row: Audrey left from 1945. (See also page 218.) are

to row, left Trauffer, Moulton. Back Joy Saint girls; for and Mardene Latterday of committee chairman

right: Jeanne Egan, Ruth Hamilton, Audrey Norberg, Joyce Marie Crow, Narda Riddle, Ruth Turner, and

Sunday School Board Beverly Jean Turner. (Donna Jones was absent when the picture was taken.)

A ppointment of Richard E. Folland,

** former president of the South

African Mission, and W. Lowell Castleton, superintendent of Emigration

Stake Sunday Schools, to posts on the CONFERENCE general board of the Deseret Sunday HELD

School Union has been announced. IN

MUNICH, Ward Anniversaries GERMANY \17ards unionsin theon Washington'sSalt Lake areabirthday,held reFebruary 22, the ninetyseventh anniversary of the organization of the nineteen original wards in Salt Lake City.

Network Time Change

towering, snowcapped at the foot located of the Bavarian Saints of Munich, Germany, the Area and attend. distances great to weather, miserableCincecastingMarchSystem's17, the Columbiaradio programBroadArmyAlps.Recently an inspirational conference was conducted tor all Latterday Saint servicemen of the Third In spite of Captain James cold came many and

from Temple Square featuring the Lieutenant John D. Baker, Lieutenant C. Lowe, Chaplain Eugene Campbell, and Roger Rose were speakersPaul,at

Tabernacle choir and organ has been whichthe morningthe Saintsand eveningand servicemensessions. gaveThe thanksafternoonfor sessiontheir membershipwas a sacramentin the andChurchtestimonyand themeetingheritageduringand

heard Sundays one half hour earlier blessings which were theirs.—Reported by Leon H. Flint.

than heretofore, at 11:30 a.m., Eastern

Standard Time, 10:30 a.m., C.S.T., 9:30

a.m., M.S.T., and 8:30 a.m., P.S.T. MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME FEBRUARY 4, AND LEAVING FEBRUARY 14, 1946

Red Cross

The Church joined in the nationwide

A appeal of churches, March 3, to have their membership join the 1946 annual Red Cross drive for funds.

Excommunications Phil Sylvester Murphy, born July 26, 1921, priest. Excommunicated January

1946, in Redmond Ward, North Sevier

Stake.

Daniel Zuniga, born February 4, 1918, elder. Excommunicated February 3, 1946, director;Left Zolato right,NickelfirstMateos,row: MaryPhyllisK. Bench,Roberts,JunFrancesNiki, AftonNeal. B. Turnbow, Geraldine Huggins, Don B, Colton,

in the Mexican Mission. Second row: Oliver J. McDonald, Jr., Marjorie Earl, Verda Adams, Grant Probst, Louise Armitstead,

Olson, Driggs. Fern Marjorie Lowene Wood, 23, born January McGonegal, C. Guy Francis, J. Francis, Sanders P. Mrs. Hambleton, Garner, Mrs. Bertha C. Ray Third row: Mrs. M. W. Febpriesthood. Excommunicated 1885; no Stella S. Wall, White, D. Clara Mrs. Jesse Limb, Farnum Angus Hambleton, LaMar Wood, Wood, Roy

Johnson. Schramm, J. Bent Reed 11, 1946, in the South Second Ward, Dowel! ruary

Louine Nielson, row: Fourth L. J. Garner, Walter J. Wood, George M. Johnson, Darrell M. Warnick, Stake. Liberty Merrell. C. Vern George V. Jolley,

Ellen Almina McGonegal, born March 1, Fifth row: Gladys Mecham, Jennie Ravsten, Mary L. Huish, Fred W. Kerkman, Gilbert D. Hartley, Charles

Burnett. 1946, V. 11, February Excommunicated 1893. Sixth Glen B. Marble, row:

Stake. Liberty in the South Second Ward, Allen, Battison, Irene M. Salmon,E. KeithOraStott,Jensen,AaronOrpahS. Ferrell.Brown, C. Joseph Salisbury, Glen G. Fisher, Amy LaRue

Brien, Larsen, Ellen Lindley, Evelyn Donna Barton, Shirley O'Darlene Jensen, Seventh Afton Mary row: 1914. 18, born July Alice Pearl Tharp, Jo Lee. Betty Eunice Hancock,

in the Armour, 11, 1946, February Excommunicated S. Robert Tolman, Arva B. S. Lloyd, Asay, Merrill K. Bodily, Eighth Bevans, D. Morton Grant row: Keith

Fellows. Lyle A. Miner, Richard A. Wiltord Atwood, Stake. Madsen, Liberty Second South Ward,

Jr., Elsebusch, Rulon P. Parkinson, Burton Blaine Stephen row: Ninth D'Mont W. Coombs, 13, 1906, born Oxspring, June Melvin instructor; I. E. Berrett, Davis, M.E. Gordon William L. FrankOwens, Cornel'ris Aaron, Taylor, John Workman, W.

elder. Excommunicated August 20, 1945, in Carson, Grant S. Paxman.

APRIL 1946 223

who, since colonial days and beAmericans—peoplefore, have held principle above price, and have ever

been identified with causes they believed in, regardless Editorials of their own personal convenience.

And in this time, when problems are multiplied and complex, and when confused thinking cries for an unit insight, heart prayer and inspired is our Lonrerence IffoLice derstanding

President Albert be Smith George and wish that may given strength and direction equal to all the responsibil- 'T'he one hundred and sixteenth annual conferities of his office as President of the Church of Jesus ence of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterChrist of Latterday Saints. We wish him well on his

day Saints, to which all Church members are inpeacebirthday,in allandtheweyearswishto himcome.healthR. L.andE. happiness and

vited, will convene in the tabernacle, Salt Lake

City, Utah, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, April 5, 6, and 7, 1946, with general sessions each day WJfcam at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. "XTZe especially invite attention in this issue to the

"article Years Welfare,"of Church on "Ten by general chairman of the D. Moyle, general welThe general priesthood meeting will be held in Henry

the tabernacle on Saturday, April 6, at 7 p.m. fare committee. ( See page 207.

What the welfare program has now become, was not, of course, foreseen ten years ago. And what it may

become within the next ten years is not now known.

But there were those then, and there are those now, who, under the inspiration of their office and calling, could not deny the Spirit that prompted them to organize it, and cannot now deny the Spirit that prompts them to urge its further development and fuller functioning.

Needs which ten years ago seemed beyond the realm of probability have since arisen. Surpluses in the

public stock pile have dwindled to shortages. Money

The First Presidency values have shrunk. Real values have soared. War and

waste have opened the way for famine and want.

Hunger and cold have been relieved at home and abroad from welfare sources. Advice which may not have

seemed to be much needed when first it was given, -J,nniuefdam has proved to be prophetic.

in period, tenyear a the despite can happen What organization of the anniversary before the days '"Pwo history, of planning far best men, so as the past is now of anniversary the birthday comes "* of the Church is cirmatter concerned. needs And, and what no

President George Albert Smith, who was born in Salt cumstances may arise in the future, the pattern and

Lake City, April 4, 1870, and who has served among the principles, both for our temporal and spiritual welyears. than fortytwo Authorities for more the General fare, given. clearly have been with do we shall What

President Smith is of seventysix the age At is, at his the pattern principles as always, to us. and the up

pertains all that in engrossed day, vigorously each desk L. E. blessed—R. has Lord of the Church. The conduct to the

him with health and with strength equal to the long hours, the numerous problems, and all of the other arduous demands of his office and calling. \Ju,r Ljooa lA/idkei to an Mssociate

it official obligations, everincreasing apart from But identified has with VSTilliam been Mulder, who The his of out to President go Smith of is characteristic * since 1938, appointImprovement Era and whose blessing to personal and comfort of errands on way in Associate as Editor of announced ment was May sick, downhearted, are and are who who who many Pacific recently returned 1943, from duty with the his cheerful encouragefor grateful to be cause have States that are sure and readers United Navy, Era we after see him, before and to is It not ment. uncommon

list his seeing again the enjoyed active on have name halls, visiting after hospital room walking hours, office issues. his in the writings of recent columns and

his unwith cheering blessing, encouraging, and room, expected appearances in those places where his comHowever, Brother Mulder (who received his A.B.

forting and reassuring presence is so gratefully welas an English major from the University of Utah and come. There are those close to him, and who are who did some graduate work at Harvard University in

mindful of his welfare, who repeatedly caution Presi1941-42), has expressed his desire further to continue dent Smith against driving himself beyond necessity his graduate studies under the rights and privileges but it is characteristic of him to go wherever he feels for which he became eligible while serving in the armed that he can give help and encouragement, and to trust forces—and this he is now doing on the campus of

his Father in heaven for the consequences. the University of Utah, in addition to teaching a numWe are grateful for the leadership of this man who ber of English classes.

has served so long in the presiding councils of the We shall miss his name on the Era staff roster and

Church, and who, as part of his heritage, represents shall miss his services and association, and we wish many generations of faithful and able men and women him success and satisfaction in his academic activities.

in the Church, and many generations of freedomloving -R. L. E

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of science was that all nature is orderly in its behavior, and that it operates under a series of eternal, unchanging laws. That our universe, everywhere, is under the Evidences and "reign of law,"has been so completely demonstrated

that no one can question it. Change has been ruled out

of scientific thinking. Every occurrence, if understood, reconciliations is a product of order.

Then thinking men could not escape the conclusion that since in the works of man, order is always the

CUV. JJoed Science Lontributuie product of intelligent action, the order in the universe must imply a universal governing intelligence—that is,

God. The words of James Jeans that "the universe beto /Keualoud jraltk f gins to look more like a great thought than like a great

machine"are being supported by every new advance

Tt is a cardinal doctrine of our religion that the gospel in science. Men cannot believe that order ever comes

of Jesus Christ embraces all truth. Truth may well of itself. It takes intelligence to make and assemble

be another name for the system of faith professed by the parts of an automobile, and it takes intelligence later the Latterday Saints. In the words of Brigham Young: to drive it. The universe about us is much more com-

"Our religion is simply the truth. It is all said in this plicated than an automobile. By the firm discovery of

one expression—it embraces all truth, wherever found, universal law and order, materialism has been driven

in all the works of God and man that are visible or inout of men's beliefs. Instead, belief in God, however

visible to mortal eye... whether religious, political, poorly he may be understood, has found a permanent

scientific, or philosophical."(Discourses o/ Brigham place in the beliefs of mankind. The words of David

Young, ed. 1941, p. 2.) have been confirmed: "The heavens declare the glory

Such a doctrine eliminates any conflict between sciof God; and the firmament sheweth his handywork."

ence and religion. Every statement must be tested for (Psalms 19:1.) Science has done much to establish

its truth. If found to be true, it is incorporated into the faith in God in the hearts of men.

gospel structure. If found to be false, it is rejected and By recognizing our universe as one of law, order,

forgotten. That places factual knowledge high and and intelligence, science has driven fear from the hearts

inferences or theories much lower. Latterday Saints of men. Intelligence acts in intelligent ways. The inmust be certain of the truth they accept. To be ever telligence at the head of all things may be trusted to

searching for truth, and of course practicing it, is the act intelligently. There arises therefrom a trust in the

real business of Latterday Saints. things about us. The ageold horror, called fear, which

Truth is found in several ways. It may be revealed has so long distracted humanity, vanishes. Superstition

by the Lord to man. Such revealed truth is the basis is laid low. Men come to understand better the love

of our religion. Other truth has been left by the Lord of God, and his offerings of goodness. Certainly, in so

to be discovered by man himself. Nevertheless, even doing, science has contributed to religious faith.

such truth is really revealed, for it appears only when Likewise, faith in a world not visible to our natural the will and power of the Lord inspires and directs the eyes, another basic principle in religion, has been consearcher for truth. firmed by the advances in science. The molecules from

When man sets out to discover truth for himself, he which all matter is made are in most cases far beyond must rely on the evidences drawn from a study of the the ordinary limits of human powers of observation.

external world. The whole of nature is a witness of The atoms from which the molecules are made are in

the truth of things not visible to the naked eye, and of a world beyond human senses. They shall probably

the directly revealed word of the Lord. Truth is always never be seen. They are known only by their effects.

truth and must of necessity support its parts. Yet they have been weighed and measured. The atoms

That great truths may be found or confirmed by a in turn are composed of much smaller particles, the study of the things about us, is verified by the scriptures. electrons, protons, and others of immeasurably small

When Jesus faced unbelief in his divinity and mission dimensions, and occupying a space utterly beyond huon earth, he declared that his works would bear witness man direct reach. Nevertheless, we know much about

of the truth of his claims. them. They also have to some degree been weighed and

measured, marvelous as it may seem. Science has exBelieve in that Father, the and the me Father I am in me: plored the invisible atomic subatomic and worlds. That

believe or else for the very sake. works'me (John 14:11.) has confirmed our faith invisible, in the spiritual world,

Later, the Apostle Peter made the same statement in the effects of which we have often been happy recipiemphatic words ents. The discoveries of science have established more

firmly our faith in the world from which we came and... the invisible things of him [God] from the creation of to which we shall return. That is another real contributhe world are clearly seen, being understood by the things tion to religious thought.

that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead....

(Romans 1:20.) Many prophecies, often ridiculed by careless thinkers, are made to seem possible by the advancing front

It could not be otherwise in the minds of all who of science. For example, bearers of God's word in

believe that the visible and invisible worlds are but ancient and modern times have discussed the end of manifestations of the one universe in which we have the earth. They have agreed that after the Lord's work

our being. In one sense, every worker in science, in on earth is finished, the earth shall pass away, and be

any branch thereof, is contributing to the truth of reconsumed as by fire. Then, there shall arise a new

vealed religion, and adding to our understanding of the heaven and a new earth. Science, while not entering

words of revelation. into the prophecy, does seem to make such events posThe history of man's progress in knowledge shows sible. It is now well known that within every particle

that science may contribute to religious thought and of matter are inconceivably great forces. In some subfaith. stances these may now be released, as in the recent

The confirmation of the existence of God is the first atomic bomb. There is good reason to believe that by

and most notable example of the power of science to some methods, probably never to be in the hand of contribute to religious faith. The first great discovery (Concluded on page 255)

APRIL 1946 225 Select a good grade of paint and a good brush—cheap paint and brushes

are not economy. First, mix the flat

paint thoroughly with a wooden paddle and apply to the furniture with smooth, even strokes. Flat paint should

be applied thinly and brushed out well. owing Should the paint become too thick, thin

it with a little turpentine.

Allow the first coat to dry thorough-:!: ly, at least twentyfour hours or more, POINTS then rub the piece lightly with sandpaper to remove brush marks, being

careful not to rub the edges hard enough for to cut through the paint. Dust again

and apply another coat of the flat paint.

PAINTERS Asare asufficient,rule, twobutcoatssometimesof the aflatthirdpaintis necessary if the first two have not

Bu coveredGenerally,properly.one coat of enamel is all

Katherine EXissinger that is required. It should be stirred

well and applied with a full brush and

TThere is something brushed on lightly to avoid streaks and fascinating about a brush marks. Inspect the piece imbrush and a can of mediately after you have finished

paint, and most of us, at there will still be time to brush away one time or another, any sags (little ripples of paint that to tempted been have re- '''*$$$$'"'haveany lumpsrun downthat maya verticalhave formedsurface)belowand old juvenate of our some furniture. Besides being the edges of a flat surface.

fun to do, it is an easy It is this painstaking care at every and inexpensive way to bring an added table tops, fold the sandpaper around step that enables even a novice to do touch of color and interest into a room. a block of wood so that it can be an admirable job.

But, a piece that can be shown with grasped in the hand comfortably. Alpride is not achieved by haphazardly ways, before painting, rub well with a

slapping on a coat or two of paint. clean cloth to remove all dust and sandThe preparation of the piece before paper particles.

you begin to paint is the secret of a sucIf there are any knots in the wood, job. It cessful plan to these should remove given is a good be a coat of shellac Josephine B. Nichols all before beginning to hardware to prevent the work sap leaking from through

pulls, knobs, take off drawer paint. and spotting the If the piece—unscrew is FAVORITE RECIPES FOR APRIL can remove hinges. be polished pine, They of yellow made it should given be

and replaced when the furniture is dry. a coat of shellac, then sanded lightly. Easter Egg Nests

If the old paint or varnish is chipped, If the piece is made of open grained 1 large loaf white bread marred, or peeled, it is necessary to oak or walnut ( it would be a shame to butter or margarine use a commercial paint or varnish repaint a walnut piece; refinish it, in- 6 eggs

mover and take the old finish off right stead ), the pores of the wood must be salt and pepper down to the bare wood. closed with a transparent filler, also Trim crusts off a dayold loaf of bread.

slices thick). inches into six (about two Cut the a cheap available at on Spread remover filler paint shop. a The

of the of center out block each Hollow alruin will in a good thick a comes paste should and withone—andbrush—it the wall be bread, inch leaving a onehalf on

fifteen for minor it to set thinned twentylow benzine with that so be it can of sides the cases bottom. and Dot inside

utes, then scrape with a putty knife, spread over the surface with a brush. with softened butter or margarine. Drop

being careful not to gouge the wood, As soon as the filler begins to dry and one or two eggs into each case. Season

and wipe off the sticky mass with an shows dulllooking spots, rub vigorouswith salt and pepper, and dot top with old cloth. Rubber gloves will protect ly with a soft cloth until the surface is butter. Bake immediately on a cooky sheet

your hands. Apply a second coat of wiped free of the filler, which is used in moderate oven (350 F.) for twentyfive

let it stand, againthe and remover, to fill only of the pores the wood. Let browned.minutes, or until eggs are set and cases knife putty the with the and wipe.scrape for piece stand fortyeight hours

Repeat this process until all the old and sand lightly before painting. Crusty Fillets

finish has been removed. When the If the old finish is merely dull and 1 pound fish fillet

surface has been scraped clean, sponge dingy but not chipped or marred, it will 2 tablespoons grated onion with benzine or alcohol to remove all not be necessary to remove it. Instead, 2 tablespoons melted margarine

trace of the varnish remover. Have wash thoroughly with soap and water 3 tablespoons lemon juice

salt teaspoon x/2 in air circulatingas as possible much to dirt grease, remove and and wipe 1 beaten eggthe using the benzine and room when a with cloth benzine with dampened 2 tablespoons waterpaint a near remover never use and fine sand with and sandpaper. Howflour enriched cup l/4

flame, are inflammable. highly as they if ever, the piece stain, has a mahogany 1 flakes crushed corn cup

If the piece has been marred or give it a coat of aluminum paint to keep 3 tablespoons fat gouged and shows nail holes or defects the stain from striking through. Sand Cut fish into serving pieces (about onewhich cannot be removed by sanding, lightly before painting. half inch strips). Combine onion, marfill with cabinetmaker's putty, which is When the piece is smooth, clean, and garine, lemon juice, and salt; brush over fish.

available at any paint store. When the dry, it is ready to be painted. It should Mix egg and water. Dip fish in flour, then

into the flakes; mixture. in Roll is corn egg dry,putty coarse sandsmooth with given be several flat priming coats of

chill crust. set to hours about two Makepaper, then entire the piece over go paint followed of coat a gloss by enamel

fillet rolling pinwheel the skewering and bylightly fine sandpaper, with rubbing of the color the same and same brand strips in frying. before golden Fry brown thewith grain of the large, it For wood. to give the smooth, hard, durable fat. hot Garnish parsley with lemon and

likeflat surfaces fronts finish drawer is and desirable. so which slices. four. Serves

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA April Luncheon Salad package lemonflavored gelatin 1 pint warm water 1 pimiento cut in strips 2 hardboiled eggs, coarsely cut

olives chopped chives 1a cupcupteaspoonschopped celery chopped 34 teaspoons salt 1 tablespoon vinegar Dissolve gelatin in warm water. Chill

until slightly thickened. Arrange pimiento

strips in individual molds. Combine remaining ingredients; fold into gelatin. Turn into

individual molds and chill until firm. Unmold and garnish with water cress. Serve

with mayonnaise.

Hot Cross Buns

1 cup milk scalded 4 tablespoons shortening 4 tablespoons sugar 1 teaspoon salt Yi teaspoon cinnamon l cake compressed yeast 4 cup lukewarm water 1 beaten egg 3 l/2% cupscup currantsenriched flour

Combine milk, shortening, sugar, salt, and cinnamon; cool to lukewarm. Add

yeast softened in lukewarm water; add egg.

Gradually stir in flour to form a soft dough. Add rich flavor to fish, vegetable and macAdd currants. Knead well. Cover; let rise aroni dishes with white sauce prepared

until double in bulk. Form into buns and with sm- 0-0 -o-th, evenly blended Durflatten slightly. Brush top with slightly kee's Troco Margarine! Durkee's Troco

beaten egg white. Let rise until very light. Margarine is a "find"for cookies and

blade cut of topUsing on a razor a cross... baking family your so economical can mJM

(400 inbuns. F.) twentyhot oven Bake spread delicious Durkee's MargaTroco "-ilt*&five minutes. the from oven, removal rine liberally bread. Upon important on An

fill cross with confectioner's frosting. energy food, enriched with Vitamin A.

Oatmeal Cookies

Y1 cupcup shorteningsugar Y1 cupegg milk 14 cups quickcooking oatmeal 4 cup raisins - -\Y cups enriched flour BIOGRAPHY

Yi teaspoon salt 2 teaspoons baking powder % teaspoon cinnamon at its best

Yi teaspoon cloves 1 cup chopped nuts Mix and sift dry ingredients. Cream fat Sketches of eight remarkoat- sugar. wellbeaten egg,and add Add

raisins,meal, nuts. dry able characters from the and and Add milk

alternately.ingredients by Drop teaspoon pages of Mormon history. sheet. greased baking in moderateon Bake

ly hot oven (375 F.) twelve to fifteen

minutes. "In the history of Mormonism there are

many life stories that have been hidden, comparatively, from the public view, like

PURPOSE some of the more beautiful blooms in the forest. In Theirs Is the Kingdom,'WenBy Louis E. Thayer dell I. Ashton selects an octavo of them

for of the each prebeatitudes—and not your knowledge to make empty oneUse sents of in refreshing them a bouquet show,

For fools—not wise men—flaunt their biography."

knowledge most, And they who proudly brag of what they As characters to exemplify the beatiIf you like people, you will find keen know, tudes, the author selected Aurelia Spenenjoyment and food for thought in this

Expose their lack of that of which they cer Rogers, Truman O. Angell, R. M. outstanding contribution to the literature

boast.

It is not what you know but what you do Bryce Thomas, Evan Stephens, Thomas L. of the L. D. S. Church and the West.

It is the purpose you put knowledge to. Kane, George D. Pyper, Richard Ballan- (See page 197 for convenient order blank)

tyne, and Dan Jones.

Knowledge can build a structure tall and grand, Or prove a weapon fashioned to destroy;

Knowledge can veto royalty's command, infant's as useless toy. prove as an Or BOOKCRAFTSTREET SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAHIt for is not wins reward knowledge you 18 RICHARDS

It is the purpose you put knowledge to!

APRIL 1946 227 SOLD FOR FREEDOM (Concluded from page 211) Towne, on February 2, 1680, and on the 25th of June, another daughter, Phebe had married John's brother,

Sarah, was born. Jacob, on June 24, 1684. Ephraim was

Their eighth child, a son named twentythree now, and together with

Nathaniel, was born two years later, Samuel, who was twentyone, did most

September 7, 1672. of the heavy work on the farm.

In 1673, Robert's name was listed in They talked among themselves of the the record of Rowley notables with five discontent spreading against Governor other signers of a petition to the genAndros. His taxation had led to a puberal court, praying that the efforts of lic demonstration that year in Ipswich

certain persons who were endeavoring led by the Reverend John Wise who to "free us from Topsfield and lay us to had gathered more than one hundred

Rowley,""be frustrated. townspeople in angry protest."

"New settlers have moved in, and Governor Andros'agents in Boxford some are afraid there will not be enough were binding over such persons as refeed for all the cattle, so they want to fused to pay taxes and who were facremove us to Rowley,"Robert extious and seditious.

plained to Mary. There was also trouble brewing with

Eight children were now crowding the French and Roman Catholic Inthe confines of the house, and with his dians of Canada who had attacked need for money growing, Robert deEnglish settlements.

cided to sell a parcel of land. On March The next year, Governor Andros

20, 1673, Robert and Mary, each with called for colonists to join him in a foray natives the against the Penobscot made an and seal, a mark assignment12 of to expedition, the joined Andrews. Ephraim and acres three to Thomas

"It will be that much less to farm,"leaving with John Tyler and Jonathan

Mary consoled him. "With Thomas French, also of Boxford.

gone, it is hard for you to do all the He was gone seventeen weeks.

From the gay social whirl to work."Robert's health was failing, and five

the fundamentals of house- "Perchance he will come back and years later, in August, 1693, he was help me,"Robert said hopefully. confined to his bed. On the 7th he made

keeping and child care, The But Thomas did not return, and on his will, naming his wife, Mary; his

Salt Lake Tribune answers August 28 of that year, Robert and sons, Samuel, Ephraim, Jacob, and

Mary faced a tragedy in the death of Thomas; and his daughters, Mary

the reading interests of the their threeyear-old daughter, Sarah. Towne, Phebe Towne, Emey Towne,

women of the Intermountain Still grieving over Sarah's death, on and Meriah Smith. Of his son Thomas,

the following January 26, Mary bore he said "my sonne Thomas Smith did

West. For today, the woman Robert his fifth son, whom they named leave me as soon as he was able to doe

is a person of wide interests Jacob. anything and went and lived with his

In the meanwhile political upheavals grandfather frainch, and never come to... capable in her home, were swirling about the colonists and mee to help mee in my old age."u He

alert to outside affairs. the people of England. Robert, in 1676, named Mary and his son Samuel as

signed the oath of allegiance to Great executors. On August 30, Robert died.

Britain. On October 6, 1698, Samuel was made

The Sunday Salt Lake TribIn October of that year, Robert sued administrator of his father's estate une maintains a skilled staff Nahill Batchellor for "trespassing and valued at 187, 7 s. and 3 d.

claiming his land which he had bought "That is almost four times the averof its own, and adds the recof Thomas Moulten."1* The verdict was age estate here of 50 pounds,"Mary

ognized authorities of the for Robert, but the case was appealed remarked to her son. Then, her eyes

to the next court of assistants. growing misty in reminiscence, she

women's world to augment In 1680, Robert Smith was listed as added, "In the town record thou art its coverage of news and feaamong the heads of the families of given the title of gentleman, which in

Rowley. England, the land of thy father's birth,

tures for this great segment is the title given to younger sons of of sold years father sixtyfour of nobility. families Thy by his of readers. Worn

that he might in 1687, servitude into himself hard work, struggle and himland, redeemed he opbut enforced to this Andros come Sir Edmund Tribwhen Salt Lake morning the With a thy children left and England to thee self the taxation and on pressive New Salt Lake Telethe evening une or and opportunity in tyranas served of freedom heritage he which over colonies costs Tribune the Sunday gram, deSmith was worship."Robert governor, nical

you only 4 l/3c. scribed as an "old decrepid man."Massachusetts, The American Series

That year Emey married Joseph "Essex Wills. 306, pp. 74 and 114

Towne on the 10th of August. He was

a son of Edmund and Mary Browning PROOF OF TITLE

Towne. The family at home was smallBy Lucretia Penny

Towne, married John had now. Mary mine not always was IT Symonds Catherine and of Jacob 1 soner its land. small house and This vine wistaria white doorway's 1673 Notables, My of Rowley Record

for village, of hand. Rowley Smith another's "Robert trained Assignment: by Was

of Rowley to Andrews Thomas conveys eight pounds climb first the feet chose Another's the E. on bounded upland acres three village about hill, the around the path For rock a and at beginning land, Smith's said Robert by dt fake that stake to vine fig straight line and the of a upon shaping running so N. The

land so land by and said aW. Andrews'the stands by will. another's Reflect

it till to comes of Gould land John S. by of Andrews; began the work before long But and Robert Mary by Acknowledged again."rock the

Smith before Daniel Denison. July 10, 1674. Edmond In which I had no part,

JanuRecorded Witnesses. Morrals. and John Bridge of this plan blueprint I the held

1682. ary heart. in Filed my 1667 court, October at iSTestimony13. Hamton quarterly s THE IMPROVEMENT ERA228

A Mormon Wife (Continued from page 217) tinued, people would slip their feet out of their wooden clogs and curl up on kneel seats. children Sleepythe would their Airline ace thinks seat, toward us, backs bowon the

heads on the window sill, and take a nap. Chevron Supreme On the outskirts of Tokyo we

found a comfortable house, part foreign. Wrote and partJapanese nice sets the pace had some houseMother: "Our

lawn and shrubbery at the sides and in the back. Well, not any more. Our

landlady hired a man to come and trim the trees and clean up around the Captain grounds. He has cut away nearly the W.L.(Swanee)Swanson

the trees dug of up AMERICAN and of somewhole

AIRLINES left bare grass and spear ofevery ground to be swept as the people do all around their houses. We feel sorry but

can't help it. Although we never

thought of going out to sit on the grass because it is always so damp, we liked the looks of it."

in did July, Arriving we were as we in American Airlines flier learns a highway trick two miles up rainy season the to introducedsoon

Japan, consequently, our first impressions of the climate were not too favorThe smoothest motors in the world able. But since we remained somewhatover a year, we experienced the differride the nation's skyways—and Capent seasons as one followed another, tain W. L. (Swanee) Swanson of

and we came to know how really delightful this island empire can be. In a American Airlines has found how to

letter dated September 2, 1902, my get the same kind of performance on mother wrote: "The weather has been

simply remarkable since we came. I bethe road. Says Captain Swanson

lieve there have been only two really sunny days. Everything is so damp and

season. the rainy during Themouldy I tried Chevron Supreme I "When all smell one musty. Everyhouses

have been in has the same odor, and Gasoline in my car, I got the same the ground in the yard is never dry. dependable power Chevron Aviation

When we get into bed, the sheets feel damp, almost cold, as does our clothing Gasoline gives aircraft."Right, bewhen we put it on in the morning. And cause Chevron Supreme's a highway

yet I find that the least exertion makes the perspiration roll off like rain. My version of this great flying fuel.

hair is wet nearly all the time, and perspiration drops off the ends of my ears. During the war we found new ways

Day before yesterday was a sunny day of rearranging petroleum molecules so we got all our clothes out to look after them. You should have seen them! to make gasoline blending agents

Some of our shoes were mossgrown; that unleashed extra speed, range,

our clothes had patches of mould or little dots of mildew all over them. And power for the skyways. Now, they're

as for our gloves—we knew they were tailored for cars in Chevron Supreme.

ruined beyond hope of redeeming, therefore we threw them away and will try not to wear gloves again in this climate. The mosquitoes are very bad.

We have to have a heavy, smelly, green netting suspended from the ceiling over Your Chevron National Credit Card proeach bed."

The mission home was situated on vides an accurate record of motoring exthe edge of an enormous parade ground. penses. Use it wherever you go in the U. S.

"We are surrounded by soldiers on all and Canada.

sides,"my mother wrote in one of her letters, "and their bugle call is the first thing we hear in the morning and almost the last thing at night. These

bugle calls, combined with the weird CHEVRON SUPREME IS A and mournfully monotonous sound of FAMOUS STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA PRODUCT the temple bells give us the creeps as we hear them just at dusk or at early dawn. It affords us a great deal of en-

{Continued on page 230) AT CHEVRON GAS STATIONS, GARAGES, AND STANDARD STATIONS

APRIL 1946 229 A Mormon Wife (Continued from page 229) tertainment to see all the drilling and exercises that the soldiers go through battles, with Their sham day. every of

rifles, glitter of bayonets, of the cracking Secret are of victory shouts charges, and A mad our house at times and, exciting, quite seems to be almost the center of attack Natural as they come rushing towards it from all directions. But we never feel at all

alarmed, for the tide of battle generally turns before it reaches our gate, though our inoccasions when or two on one Growth! of gate, some our us outside terest took

us got mixed up with the retreating

Qlts helps your chid s natura,, foe."

B behet your why know little the of you a learned f* we radually Do *"w some made and language ". e***"- ibw* people. the have. Japanese realMy friends among must m0 childA** protrin

aptitude natural growingg a had always mother other natural true gave any and language, foreign Nature a up picking for tne *>d %g&JgZ y "she as of Vitamin Japanese Bl learning the to took natural cereal provides! foodiron that chdhad French in an earlier day. It was

on. wits her sharpen to something fun, made Quaker Even with would as he Father! Try poor But Oats*venfor ounce t ounce,d needmote, persistence dren and patience raisins orspmach all the of

life, his whole characterized had Look for the which Quaker Oars is so gjggZgSZl remarked he of no use. As it was

many times, the people simply couldn't understand their own language when he spoke it.,

"It pleases and amuses me greatly, wrote my mother, "to be able to say a little to the people we meet. We have

peddlers by the dozen, and I can ask the prices, say 'too much,''don't want any,'or 'nothing today.'When we have

callers I can ask: *HoW f do you do?'

invite them to 'come in,''sit down, 'come again.'I can say 'it is pleasant

weather,''very hot today/ or 'very cold today.'We put in hours and hours

studying but I like it.

"'See Nikko and die,'is an old Japanese saying, and truly when in November we were privileged to enjoy this enchanting spot with its verdurecovered mountains, its lacy waterfalls, and gorgeous temples, among the most beautiful to be found in Japan, we thought it was almost heavenly."

lM*lliSSl Time sped along. Almost before we

knew it Christmas was approaching.

Just before the holiday season my mother recorded: "We have had three disWsSffi tinct quakes during the last twentyfour

hours. However, we have these so

often that we don't pay much attention to them. They rock us a little in our

beds at night, move the pictures on the walls or rattle the windows or the:.... dishes, but we are getting quite used to

'''SlilSillliil them. If they are no worse, we shall

Quaker Oats and not mind it. It was strange to us to

Mother's Oatt are the Same have such pleasant weather in what would have been our winter at home."

On December 15 my mother wrote to the home folks: "This is such a beauti-

-* ful, bright day. I am sitting in my bedroom upstairs with the windows openQUAKER and the sun shining in just like a spring

day. From my windows I have a fine

view of Fujiyama, the great volcanic to consider people mountain that theThe World'sOATSBestTasting Breakfast Fowl (Continued on page 232) 230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA from a neighbor's farm Safeway's Farm Reporter keeps tab on how farmers make work easier, cut operating costs, improve crop quality. His findings are reported because Safeway knows

that exchanging ideas helps everybody. After all, more

than a third of our customers are farm folks.

W*#m frwljyf

WISPS'"WHsivws

Now in use at the Weyl - Zuckerman ranch,

McDonald Island, California, this idea has caused farm machinery makers to sit up and notice. take After seedbed, plowing making and

driving| lift his a shouldn't farmer rt, to able why out be de While by saw I it Built tractor. in use engine selfpropelled and a Tails,:ligation Jq7asbion water -delivery side rake, mower, spreader, manure thC in ib WhSVood of goo? picker, corn potato digger or (cQSt have you what llaW"from mostly 30—t thlsM. iff*> gas foot aUto one tractor the The engine same which powers water acres u the on see potato 4-row WeylZuckerman digger you rf wired as water wheelto"ne 0- apiece also here as in functions the tracktype needed with armland, 25 <* &u

tractor (now minus engine) shown alongside.

ta&U I different

deliver these

II items eet the to. ide first SafeW* Aether togew needs {eway crocer

. go // out|THER have fem then* ways f tes regularlyAJ o one: and just is Haircut This 5 sT/"

L. of E. Evans Cascade County, Monfarmer's

likes tana, belt la lower, the to shelter keep his olive, hedges (Russian Caragana, to cut "tnbrush) close to foot 6 trimmed direct,, t sellssells direct, height, feet built he wide. So buys $y2 Safeway

costs produce** in.# this mechanical hedge trimmer between"

his trip In shop. farm along own one borage no Safeway ****%. neverit. cuts the side the top row one and market better, steady rices the of, here hedge. Evan's on Shown P, er navspays qquotes producer ggoing Safeway than tractor, the 30 -horsepower hedge vo wSP move a;"! offers P"ce is hehe\p trimmer allowing? demountable, to ready stands tractor the to other used prices, be farm Safeway on surpisiUe con. lower 11. at the jobs throughout year. Noble A Ife

i. ie their is blade, cut right to the width, used direct, se by

for cultivating between hedge rows. sumers v-""

This device clears out weeds withstoies cutting out shrubbery roots or causSAFEWAY- gtoceiy ing loss of soil moisture.

APRIL 1946 231. enlpnWl A MORMON WIFE W*% (Continued from page 230) we have as high as a dozen all applybe sacred and that we see pictured on ing in a group for baptism. They are

so many different things. I look out into very much surprised when we refuse to

our garden and see one tree full of buds baptize them until they know more just ready to burst into bloom. There about our religion."But at the end of

is a whole hedge of camellias. We have twenty years about twenty converts

a bouquet of these waxlike flowers had been made who had remained true.

m*m s whichtable alllookthe liketime.bigThisdoublewholerosesgreaton citythe Sovemberthe mission1936 whenwas abandoned.a number ofIn veryNois one large flower garden. We are sincere converts had been made in

No battles over milk makingas nearlypreparationslike what wefor Christmashave at homejust Hawaii,there. Todaya Japaneseheadquartersmission wasareopenedstill

when you make it into as possible."located there under the name of Central

delicious RENNETCUSTARDS Pacific Mission.

the people met were some we A mong for It's fun little folks to eat milk with a "interesting ones. Conclusion cultured very and in delicious, spoon colorful rennetcus-

tards. So easy to make—no eggs, no Of these we liked best the Mashimo ftfl'liCH might be chronicled concerning

they get all the precious family. Mr. cooking—and Young (whom Mashimo the years 1903, between when my vitamins minerals fresh of milk. to called marshmallow Mother the returned fix his mother from Japanese And rennet enzyme makes more—theand quite interested in her mind ) was name Mission, her and 1918, husband when readily milk digestible. more

in us. first visited the he Church when president of the seventh became the "Junket"all grocers. Rennet Powder At called, next he said, he day when The it Already sweetened. Six favorite—flavors. Church, but for purpose our present

"I since yesterday."But Vanilla Chocolate am a Mormon Lemon sufficient will to only touch a be few

Orange Raspberry Maple religion didn't the subject of pursue he It highlights. of the but a few was

Tablets Rennet "Junket"letting friendship further, a warm after returned they for months had home sweetened. sugar, Add—Not suffice. terrific time a us had At one we flavor to taste. tablet faacross the Pacific that Each broad my

5 or rennetcustard makes 4 all night, typhoon. upblew wind The ther traversing the Atlantic was Ocean desserts or than a pint more

in trees rooting garden. our huge Toin of automatic ice cream to he on his England, where way

frigerators. in 12 package. Atrethe entire front early morning wards for of presided the over Mission European grocers druggists. and

the upstairs part of our home crashed three years.

in, making a great noise and frightenDuring this interval my mother reing us considerably. In an hour or so mained contentedly at home enjoying

here came young Mashimo on foot the association of her family and across the big parade ground. He was friends, engaging in Church activities,

that hatless explaining as he came particularly in bringtemple work, and SEND "* it along, spiral jerked a had from wind Sllu''WrMfr COUPON ing fruition to plans authorized by my for it his next head, the he and knew was the father building for of a nome recipes new "9HPw"HJBm

K sight him. disappearing of out and above just Street, 174 at South East Temple

'! Free at sure alarmed would be was He we > 1 the corner East. around 4 from Second "Junket"Miiferocity the the of Rennet storm had and % come tract of also land purchased a She

Tablets \;o2s, fears. cv Q5'ARO: to our calm rpcsKSJit* in Brighton Big nearby Cottonwood—%><'We visited our friends'homes many Canyon. Here was built a log cabinat

quite like to learned for helps times Japanese and mothers the resembling those constructed by *'**rOITfi'/Menuplanning"DoubleDuty and RecMenus food. returned our they call, we When in early days. Mormon Pioneers ipes"; also trial When package "Junket"

Rennet Tablets. introduced them to American food all my father returned from England, the

'Junket'Folks,""The liked of cheese except and which they in readiness. the were cabin was Many Chr. Hansen's Laboratory, 74. Inc., Dept. they couldn't even pretomatoes, which Little in this retreat spent (In Canada, Toronto. hours Falls, N.Y. happy canyon

Ont.) of to enjoy. tend their food "Some enonly Father not and Mother is where Please send "DoubleDuty Menus and wrote. queer to us,"mother very my Recipes"and free trial package their friends tertained but "Junket"also enown

Tablets. Rennet to hear you "It would amuse how the tered into the wholeheartedly pastimes paste {Just

of the describe food some and your add thisnamecouponandonaddress.)postcard missionaries All of the unconscious younger group.

they have at their Japanese hotel. 'We that they were being chaperoned, their

had:i stewed rosebuds and cotton for daughters, in a setting as wholesome as

dinner today,'one said, 'and for supper it was romantic, associated with a fine we had stewed pocketbooks and fish group of young people. One by one,

fin soup,'I notice are all getthey But foster daughters her "Aunt Gusta"saw SINCE fat. the rice love 1363... ting the the They way Smith; to Willard marry—Florence, BOOKSTORE AT YOUR that say here cook over it, and people Edith, to Clifford to Anna, Young; E.

You can trust the sometimes, in the course of a meal, they George Midgley; and lastly, her own

National trademark... call for their fourth bowlful."daughter Mary, to Robert L. Judd.

for more than three quarters As for the progress of the missionary Thus the family group grew larger and nil. it the soon almost was "Aunt Gusta"was being called When of a century it has been found work,

first the mission "Grandmother."of our people opened,

on fine Bibles. There is one Church felt that a wonderful harvest In the lives of President and Sister

to fill your every need. would be reaped as it had been in HaGrant the sonsin-law filled a niche left

KING JAMES VERSION waii when Mormon missionaries had empty these many years, and the filial first gone there. But they did not realize devotion which they extended towards

how completely different every concept their parents by marriage was beautiful of the oriental mind is from that of the to see.

occidental. The missionaries were unOn "Aunt Gusta's"eightyfourth

able to explain our religion. Even our birthday, one of many occasions when

God was different. As to proving our her family honored her, a delightful

points from the Bible, that meant nothdinner party was in progress in the garNationw bibles ing.the mission"The younghomestudentscome towhobe flocktaughtto dentime ofCliffordthe LionE. YoungHouse. paidAt thather ahappytribEnglish and not the gospel. Sometimes ute and among other things said: "Aunt

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A MORMON WIFE

Augusta, I feel honored to represent the Sister Grant, as she is affectionately secret of her poise was that she never sonsin-law in expressing the love and known to thousands, brought to the tried to make an impression. Whether

appreciation that they feel toward you. position of first lady of the Church, the visiting the President of the United

You are not only a grandmother to same intelligence, quiet dignity, and States and his wife, which she and her

Mary's children, but the same love and faith, which anyone knowing her inhusband did during three administradevotion you have shown them you herent characteristics would be led to tions (Harding, Coolidge, and Hoover) have likewise shown to all of the other expect. Realizing that the favors and or enjoying the hospitality of the humgrandchildren. You have the rare qualiprivileges which were now hers came blest Saint, she was just herself—the

ty of fairness and justice."as a result of her husband's position, she woman who as a little girl had worn

took it all serenely and without ostentachips tied on her feet when the travelCrom the time that her husband betion. Gradually she relinquished any ing shoemaker had no shoes in her size,

came president of the Church, public duties that were hers, content to and who had, as a young woman, gone

Augusta Winters Grant was content to play the important and interesting role to the old University of Deseret with take her place by his side and bend of wife of President Grant. Their home only fifteen dollars tucked away in the

every effort towards helping him to on the edge of City Creek Canyon pocket of her one dress!

magnify that exalted position. In the overlooking the beautiful city that they And now, as her ninetieth birthday

following words she expressed her atwere instrumental in building, was ever approaches, Augusta Winters Grant titude: a haven of peace and rest to him. Here, lives out the twilight years well, happy,

"As a Latterday Saint wife I honor if the spirit moved, he could sing lustily and enjoying life. She still clings to

my husband as a man holding the priestto express his exuberant nature and to the philosophy formulated by herself hood. It is my firm conviction that if relieve overtaxed nerves, or read to his and to be found in her own handwriting

the women or our Church would rely wife by the hour from some book that when she was a lonesome young woman unfalteringly upon the inspiration of he needed to know. Often as the mornaway from home teaching school: "I'll

their husbands, in all important matters ing sun was touching the Wasatch like to do what I have to do and I won't concerning their family affairs, they mountains that he loved so well, Presiwant anything I can't have."

would find that their husbands would dent Grant's car might be seen waiting In her own home, surrounded by the grow in the power of discernment and outside the Hotel Utah to escort some dear familiar objects, she greets her decision through the exercise of their distinguished visitor to a nearby canfamily and friends as they come and priesthood. yon where the beauties of nature and go. "Yes,"they say, upon leaving,

"I, who know my husband better the beauties of the gospel were dis- 'she is still beautiful,"beautiful with than anyone else possibly can, know cussed. Later this same distinguished an inner radiance, for she feels the inhim to be a man of God, that he desires guest might be found in the Grant home fluence of her loved companion of sixty

to understand the mind and will of God, enjoying a breakfast of Utah peaches years. She is never downhearted, and

and in humility to do it. I therefore not and cream and delicately browned hot often remarks: "Everything is just as

only uphold him as head of my house- 1 cakes that came from the kitchen it has always been."

hold, but as head of the Church."cooked by Sister Grant herself. The The End

Ultak J>tate raricviitviral Lolieae announces a full quarter of work for the summer of 1946

JUNE 1DTH - AUGUST 24TH FIRST SESSION EXTENSION SERVICE

June 10—luly 19 WORKERS'SCHOOL

SECOND SESSION June 10—June 28

July 22—August 24 COACHING SCHOOL

14 Among important special lune 10—June events are:

RURAL EDUCATION WESTERN WRITERS'

INSTITUTE CONFERENCE lune 10—June 28 July 8—July 17

Daily Lecture Program—First Session

Write for catalog or additional information

APRIL 1946 233

Annual Commemoration of the Restoration of the Melchizedek

Priesthood Tn 1945 very successful services were held in the various wards of the Church, commemorating the restoration of the Melchizeident of his own company, the Curtis The Improvement Era join members dek Priesthood, and it was deBuilders Supply Company of Sugarof the Church everywhere in wishing cided to follow this procedure anhouse, where he is also secretary of the Elbert R. Curtis well in his new vennually. A. R. Curtis & Sons Company. ture.

It is recommended that the commemoration exercises for 1946 be held the third Sunday of

June (June 16), and all priesthood officers and bishops are asked to Suaaedted froaram for onthlu J-riesthood plan accordingly.

oLeaderdhlp eeuntit

Tn the January Improvement Era, sugtrue brotherhood that should charactergestions were given for the various ize priesthood quorums; and to provide

departments for the first three months through quorum activity and service, inof 1946. Material was also sent in cluding adequate class instruction, ward

pamphlet form for the entire year. teaching, temple work, active missionMaterial is herewith given for the ary service, socials, outings, etc., a feelsecond quarter. The program has puring of fellowship, faith, and love that

posely not been outlined in detail in shall meet all the needs of the memberorder to allow stake Melchizedek ship. ( For duties of this committee, see

Priesthood committees to adapt their letter No. P-13, from President George

requirements and avoid any attempt at F. Richards of the Council of the

regimentation. We encourage departTwelve.

ment leaders to watch Melchizedek

Priesthood pages in The Improvement Suggested Topics:

Era for supporting material to assist in April: Correspondence with absentees.

the conducting of these departments. Consider tithing program for month of

May, and correlating efforts on this

Personal Welfare Department auxiliaries.matter with program of bishop and

(For quorum presidents and personal May: Discuss "The quorum member and

welfare committee members) his tithing."

Prepare program for June, commemoratObjective of personal welfare coming the restoration of the Melchizedek mittee: To help every bearer of the Priesthood.

Melchizedek Priesthood attain to the June: Outline summer social program.

degree of economic independence and Each quorum to have a major social funcELBERT R. CURTIS material wellbeing that will assure adetion during summer months.

quate food, clothing, fuel, housing, and

P"lder Elbert R. Curtis has returned other needed physical comforts and edFact-Finding and Statistical

to private business enterprise after ucational advantages for himself and Department his this family. duties of ( For commitoffice inserving a the of year the Melto this reassigned (For counselors tee, see letter President P-13, from No. in committee, Priesthoodchizedek group and and for quorum the of sponsibility, F. Richards Council of George set to the hewhich helped Melup new secretaries. the Twelve.) inchizedek Priesthood program now

in theoperation Church. Objective static factfinding and of Topics: Suggested called Elder Curtis to the Meltical was constantcommittee: To provide

April: record employment. on Survey Firstchizedek Priesthood the ly, by work in upto-theminute, usable form,

cards. (green) welfare Study afterPresidency serving as president of the concerning information complete

Check for fortyMay: States Missionthe Western enthat will of the quorum, on welfare of families of men members from home. away priestthree months. to the its He brought asable the presidency to perform

individuals to help solve How a traininghood office efrich in Church exJune: responsibilities in the finansigned most

cial budgets, family problems, prepareperience. is a greatgreat-grandson of this He fective manner. com- ( For duties thrift, etc. practice

of Brigham Young and Miriam Works. Plan how quorum might cooperate with mittee, see letter No. P-13, from PresiHe is the eldest of a family of ten, havbishop in assisting members now on dent George F. Richards of the Council

ing one living sister and eight brothers, public relief to become independent. of the Twelve.

seven of whom have filled missions.

Topics: superintendent Curtis has beenElder Activity of Quorum and Church April:Suggested Complete and analyze first quarterly Schools,the Stake Sunday Cottonwood Service Department reports. stake of presidency the aand member

of the Granite Stake. Several months (For quorum counselors assigned to May: How to write accurate and effective

minutes. responsibility of the and members as first counselor this heago was appointed

first quarterly reports. Analyze activity and quorum Church servicein the presidency. Sugarhouse Stake

He married Luceal Rockwood and the committees. June:tics.Prepare "Noliquor-tobacco"statiscouple have three children, Bruce R., Objective of quorum activity and Prepare for second quarterly reports.

who served in the navy during the war; Church service committee: To bring

Kathryn, and Luceal Jean. to every member of the Melchizedek Gospel Themes Department

Elder Curtis leaves the post in the Priesthood spiritual and mental well- (For brethren not required to be in

Church Office Building to become presbeing; to help establish the feeling of one of the six other departments.

234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

Conducted byHPriestW OF THE COUNCIL of OF THE PRIESTHOOD M.D., GENERAL COMMITTEE CONDUCTED BY THE L. Snow, Harold Bishop

B. CALLIS, A. HAROLD FIELDING CHARLES SMITH, JOSEPH CHAIRMAN; very California, a TWELVE—Ward, Pedro San

E. CLIFFORD KAY, G. LEE, BENSON, EZRA TAFT MC ROMNEY, MARION THOMAS field mediof special in his man E. busy

YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS cine, sends us the following article:

Subject for 1946: b. Responsibility of children to reWomen Smokers'Hearts

school their medical parents spect hundred one About (Continued) Perfection to I. The Way to children of c. Responsibility sat uniforms duck in white be graduates gospel) to (The 4. Obedience their parents to obedient tiered steeply the in together crowded a. of of Law cochildren to of Lawcompensation—all d. Responsibility CounChicago's Cook of amphitheater blessings received as a reGod's living in parents with operate ago. They years seventeen sult Hospital of to law ty obedience family income within

b. Obedience necessary for man's e. Responsibility of children to prolistened to the serious voice of a Northsalvation vide for parents if parents are in western University professor who held,

c. sin of Nature purplish, the hand, their old in rubbergloved age in need a

d. of Sabbath day Observance of a heart flabbymuscled glistening, things all any these and of In Note: living e. of Law chastity—clean the died had She woman. middleaged chilparents and between relationship other f. of Wisdom Word

night. to teach responsible are previous parents the dren, the Church, References: Youth and pp. are responsibilitheir recognize women more their to children so many "Because 226- 1-9, 8796, 194196, 148156, 5667,

family. in cigarets,"he the of and ty home use the taking up the Dragon, 236; and A. Widtsoe, John Man 3: now Colossians 20:12; References: Exodus see to more expect soon said, may "we Fielding Smith, 123138; The Joseph pp.

20. coronary of cases these of 186190, 202209, to Perfection, more and pp. Way

Hunter, Milton 232239; R. The Gospel

1819, 138144; Ages, Through the pp. John The Lord's Tenth thrombosishave been inoccurringwomen. mostlyHeretoforein men."they

this material be that D. Widtsoe, and It is Leah A. of The suggested Word artery little heart the to pointed He

the quoconsideration by 11250; 88; preserved 82:10; C. for Wisdom, pp. D. & pathe caused clot had blood a where deservice activity Church and rum 11; 132:5, Doctrine, 130:2021; Gospel pp. said, cases,"he "These death. tient's meetleadership April at the partment 263272, 300311; Discourses Brigham of toof use the to by predisposed "are ing. 338351. 282289, 254268, Young, pp.

bacco."II. The Latterday Saint Home: [embers of the high council assigned A recent issue of Victor News, pub- 1. Responsibility of Latterday Saint M'to conduct the quorum activity and lished by the General Electric Corporatheir parents children toward Dr. report the at by disclosed a tion, department service W. Church

a. to be a right have heJ. in will which of Toronto meetings leadership wellpriesthood McCormack the covenant under Childrenborn—born a having it is suggested that are now outline states the that women note from Responsibility parents b. to teach of

the gospel to their children that consideration be given at the April "great deal more coronary thrombosis c. Responsibility of parents to set a meeting to the tithing program for May. than previously."He explained that

good example before their children For some years, the month of May previously this disease occurred "five to it had d. Responsibility of parents to prehas been designated as a special time one in men."A few years ago

for their children parenthood pare thromcases of three to only increased tithing, of principle the to emphasize into guide temple marand them It has in women. in to one bosis men given talks short have been special and riages that so in we increased women now the during meeting sacrament at each responsibility of par- e. Economic

ratio, he said. to one two have a this and subject. of on Two children month ents toward May

f. Responsibility of parents to be onehalf minute talks on tithing at SunDr. McCormack was of the opinion

companions with their children, day School have usually been assigned that this change could not be explained diagof methods chilrecreation the improved to provide on simply by similar in and for each Sunday May level, dren's popularegular to hold and of female ages Relative nosis. auxiliary in other the given assignments

family parties situation. the explain failed to also tion meetings. organization to the Children a right have have g. of result the it the that was believed He is Melchizedek the that It suggested all at told times truth and to them addicfemale "increasing of efinfluence their correlate Priesthood quorums tell it that they expected to have study alcohol."and tobacco tion to A during rest of the truth. Church forts the the with

of one hunon examinations made their h. Children given was have a right to own consideration be that and May coronary fiftyone male cases of to property personal dred and own subject this important of phase some

the questioning in private their rooms have obtained by own thrombosis durmeeting or at quorum each group their the home. Also companions average deceased. the The of widows ing May. the in should welcome be made to found of these was rate men death of testify to brethren our Encourage home. ninetyfour years. Over fiftytwo be into them that blessings have come the It is possible to place too not much Note: fiftyaddicts and tobacco percent were printhis observing dividually through stress responsibility of parents the toward on

alcoholic of users percent five were their the of children the the importance and windows ciple. does open Lord The

home in developing good citizens in our naof heaven and pour out blessings when beverages as well. The average age of

tion in the of kingdom and home God. The

is in institution society. All the basic other we keep his commandments. thetimeheavyof theirsmokersdeathin wasthis groupfortysevenat the

institutions are auxiliaries to it. Attention, Secretaries! years. Those who were not smokers

68:2528; References: A. D. John 6 C. of fiftynine and to an average that this material be lived It is suggested Religion, Widtsoe, pp. An Understandable of age. years onehalf preserved for consideration by the factthe Lee, B. 152171; Harold Youth and

statistical at the department finding and 1929, F. Smith, 33; Church, Joseph pp. Drink and Youth leadership meeting, April Doctrine, 341399; Gospel Discourses pp.

of childis abuse preposterous a *'Tt 300328. Brigham Young, of pp. ofgeneral priesthood committee HPhe should be that they youth and "* hood 2. Responsibility of Saint Latterday flee activof a scene been has much in organized play to engage persuaded children their parents toward

ity, auditing, receiving, copying, and the of body physical development a. and father thy thy mothand "Honor

er"by living the gospel of Jesus summarizing the annual reports, as well and leave school with a welldeveloped

Christ (Concluded on page 236) {Continued on page 236)

APRIL 1946 235 MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD NoLiquor-Tobacco (Concluded from page 235) Column as the reports for the fourth quarter of \o/uediloti6 and ywn6vuer5 (Continued from page 235) 1945. of for underuse, lack habit alcohol of 50: few Sundays Question ago we this to thank take opportunity A We is fitness farce a physical that standing in giving demonstration quoour a were for secretaries officers the and more

disself-control, judgment, and sick. to the After without to administer on rum how is in careful that these evidence on work

first of anointed, the individual one been had qualities the mind of cretion; three reports. in came much more They officiating in the brethren the ceremony incompetent by dulled to and be made the promptly, neater and and work was of said, anointing."seal the Another "We Emeralcohol."Dr. the Haven of use far this time. accurate more to the raised as question our members University. son, Columbia

it is "seal"to the use proper whether word still stragglers, are a There few and told of students have me "Hundreds the outside temple. of this take opportunity remind to we them social resist the to unable that are they

refer to 50: of 141 Please page Answer first for that the reports the of quarter Unfortunately, their group. pressure of the as reads Missionary's which Handbook, office in at are Salt 1946 our due Lake in it to finds be hard individual the who follows: 15. for April City these reports Blanks of resist pressure the to minority, the

will be found in the back of your roll Sealing the Anointing the larger group, is often the least able

All report books. and reports go first alto become resist the tendency to elders lay their hands or more Two to the of the stake chairman Melchizesick person, Harding. of the has the head on T. coholic."—Dr. George who

dek Priesthood committee for checking been anointed, and the one speaking Ohio State University.

and for listing. The stake report then may say in substance: Calling the in- "Much of the richness of experience

to dividual the general the comes of priesthood name—"In comby name vividly to looking back upon depends

Christ in the the of authority Jesus and mittee. recol- I find that the joyful memories. seal Priesthood, confirm Holy and we It is that presisuggested quorum of retain to people lections seem which the anointing of the conupon you dencies carefully review past reports repulare sprees and alcoholic muggy oil secrated with have which been you

and study the progress that they are anointed to the end that the blessing sive to them. Many drinkers defend almaking. We ask that particular attenpronounced in the anointing may be cohol as a means of obtaining thrilling

tion be paid to entering the comparative realized."To this may be added such excitement. But I shall find my thrills

Spirit of blessing the as words figures may the from 1945 report. great The keen, body keeping mind my by my

dictate. value the from report the from comes delightful, vigorous, memories my my

past, presi51 the: In the Question only it use of the information provides. made free from sound, friendships and myself

the of Melchizedek Priesthood quolike drugs is efforts, dency blessing enslavement to habitforming your The Lord has the information rum requested had Hart. brethren. Hornell in alcohol."—Professor up work! Keep the good report, the confidential the annual such as

tithing status of each individual quorum Duke University.

pernicious It is to drink,"is a "smart etc. member, Now, however, we underOur Servicemen Need Your Letters!

get, people that stand the factfinding committee, worldly young made idea some

By Elder Mark E, Petersen, up as it is of group leaders, as well as a and, unfortunately, even some young the of of presidency member each quorum it is true in the Church. people Now the Council the of Twelve of this will this Is information. quorum, have things that many do nonmembers may

incorrect, the misinterpreted or have we It is this that suggested material be withcannot that do members Church structions? preserved consideration in the for ". quo-.. standards. out violating Church: 51 corunderstanding is not Your Answer activity departrum service Church and is reis given much unto much whom rect. 4, Letter reads: item 8-H, P-13 Page at the April ment leadership meeting.

is wellrecog- quired,"a 82:3) (D. of president shall the at &C. "The quorum have

HpHE general Melchizedek Priesthood hand a record of the full, part, and nontithe- nized truism. Nonmembers of the

is It the in payers advisable quorum. thought of the received not Church have Word as committee, as well the L.D.S.

this that the president himself seek informahave. These members know Wisdom;servicemen's strongly committee urge

it tion of the the treat from and bishop ward abstain to requires the that them Lordthat the letters officers that see quorum in strictest confidence, the in laboring love tobacco, liquor of and the use fromcontinue to to go quorum members who careless In patience those with are and who not that do nonmembers knowledgeare in services. the this armed matter."desire important There renow to We

it that possess. no be remembered And that bishops several give informalet- emphasizeare reasons when good these why

ters should continue: tion to the president of a quorum for use in amount of socalled social popularity

confidential the compiling reports, spiritual annual moral ever and outweigh no can is that the boys, are One who now should amounts the bishop. be named by at integrity. only former most has The idle,comparatively in longer and the no is information This obtained the to be by values. latter fleeting, enduring, the No leiexcitement of combat, have more president the of the quorum, and not by at of honthe expense success securedsure, letters the need and committee. activities committee's than more The have

integrity permanent. ever be can or and to the individwith number, notever. with do an

Another is that writing letters to the ual's record. Letsciousnessthese factsof ourbepeople,burned oldintoasthewellconas

boys will encourage them to associate young. Every one can tell substantiatwith the quorum on their return home. The Boys Come Home ing experiences. Smoking and drinking,

friendshipsPreserve contacts and by Saint peoor both, Latterday one by its booklet honoring commemorative Amail, which after maintain hope to you inin lessening, results rather ple than *-* twentysix have served members whothe boys home. come creasing, that respect nonin informed the serving forces are still and the armed who

A third reason, and certainly one of and one who was killed in combat has been Mormons have for them. Moral courthe most important, is that every effort issued by the 132nd Quorum of Seventy in age is admired by all, friend and foe

should be made to keep in touch with the Hyde Park, North Logan, Logan Fifth, alike, wherever they see it exhibited.

of and Tenth Stake. wards Logan Cache still still being enlisting, drafted,boys the is usually Teaching example by mimeographed, bound andstill into going various branches of effective to teach. the most All memway is edition the souvenirAttractively of a quo- "Who's Who"service. not lose must contact with obligation of bers the are under Church We lists servicemen: Roll"rum an "Honor them

these young men. alphabetically by name along with home to teach by example. Let this teachQuorum officers, do all you can to address and service history including rank ing be helpful rather than harmful.

continue the custom of writing letters or rate, length of service, theaters of operaLiquor Drink tion, citations. by the booklet and opens with Theto servicemen, and encourage your quothe priesthood welcome, ex- "Your quorum to assistrum this you. members in Put to is on foot Utah A movement fellowship,"tends good to you and an introproject basis, on a systematic send and state secure to the amendments "In Recognition,"duction, expressing the "

each boy in the service at least one quorum's appreciation to them and a desire liquor laws, making some drastic letter each month. to assist them at home. (Concluded on opposite page)

236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA """Xawiic HPriestdoo6 CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

the boy and in his life situation. These she

if she would help him avoid Inland for Lelebratina the rcaronic rriedtkood mustthe habitunderstandof smoking.

The important question thus became:

r\edtoration Why do boys and girls take up smoking?

Tobacco is not pleasant to the taste, yet it satisfy some need or it would humanHPhe people. not be so many used by A tion1 17thof theanniversaryAaronic Priesthoodof the restorawill Priesthoodconnection towithtakethiscareserviceof each detail in must

have, people need which have One we 5. the of duringbe observed Special week Priesthood music Aaronic May all is this in for column, year

15. the group or a duet—"Prepareby the service of 19 sacrament The May interesting, adventurous, exWay"discussedactivity—forwill set for the aside commemorating be citing, 6. experience. novel Religious and the conditions If wholesome during boyhood

of this event. Bishops should plan now of the Prophet Joseph Smith—by an activity of this character is not provided,

substitute and drinking nothing smoking become allowfor this program to Aaronic Priesthood and minutes adviser—10

since particularly of gaining a thrill, (Relate the unrest; means of religious conditionconflict. conquarterly stake Where

ferences are held on this date, bishops disputes among the various churches; they are tabooed in Latterday Saint society.

their of the of lack knowledge and God stuof college group a large asked this forshould arrange to be program We his orauthority; churches were how dents, of inveterate been had some whom inpresented the of meeting sacrament

etc. ganized, supplement, read For occasional they others smokers, and whythe previous or the following week. story.) Smith's Joseph own to started answers they which smoking. The as travel regulations Inasmuch have

I all feel like big, could were: agreed "So 7. to Events an of account up it lifted, is that suggested therebeen I as and, could be accepted one a man,""So first the minutes a deacon—5and leadingvision—bybe pilgrim- a annual resumption of the I friendship of needed."a group whose (Tell of joining concern Joseph's about

ages to historic places of interest. If a church; read James 1:5; and relate the In the beginning, boys and girls do not

overnight trips are made, it is suggested story of the vision in detail.) smoke for the sake of tobacco but for satisthisthat real night for their for appointed Friday needs emotional and of faction be

8. forth the of preceding Events coming feeling for that perare they adventure andpurpose, returning their the to boys the original of Book Mormon: and (1) Little children others. to acceptable sons evening. Saturdayhomes should There visits of the subsequent Moroni, Angel taught to the need adolescence be to uppositively be no over camping Sunday plates, obtained the (2) Joseph how (3) of tobacco from abstinence and values in thebecause attendshould boys be give of the the three witnesses girls that age, liquor. and need boys Above

at minutes a meeting.ance evening Sunday—by teacher—7testimony the subject and more opsermons on fewer

the of three testimony (The witnesses In realize to order the maximum themselves up, portunities to grown prove benefits, opportunity to participate should be repeated from memory.) to be men and women, so that they do not

should be provided for as many boys 9. Special music by the Aaronic Priesthood feel the need to resort to a harmful way ofas is possible. The priests should adgroup or a duet—"On Lovely Susquegaining an adequate feeling of selfhood.

minister the sacrament; teachers should hanna's Banks"To guard youth against the evils of dishelp of to sipation, each leaders them mustprepare table the sacrament and of the restoration do PriestAaronic the 10. The

selfin to the sun,""place his find win itsushering; to individual; blessings the the deacons hood and pass should

evil. evil with respect. not combat does One all a Church; andsacrament. mankind—by in is strength there wrongdoing. Neither minutes as bishop the president the thepriest—10 of The said, "overas should, Paul Therefore, we is tell opportunity to (Here an whatAaronic Priesthood should the conduct inthe evil good."Through with come Priestthe the restoration of Aaronicentire meeting. receiving assignThose every of and Church, strumentality the boy for the the State world. hood has done

achievement, of girl the joy reto theirments confine should should speak know benefits the of direturn from coming confidence. love friendship, and of and to limit the specified. timemarks The the right vine authority; to baptize;

shall discuss in this goal to achieve we ofHow theirboys should urged not be baptism, to read to of the kingdom the doorway talks. The use of notes is not objectionGod; mode of baptism revealed, etc.) greater detail in ensuing months.

able, but speaking from the heart is 11. My responsibility in training the future

recognized as being most beneficial to leadership of the Church—by the bishpersonal development. op—15 minutes

The restoration of the Aaronic 12. Closing song—"We Thank Thee, NoLiquor-Tobacco

Priesthood will be the theme for the Heavenly Father"—chorus or quartet

of meeting. importancesacrament Column The 13. Benediction—by a deacon its blessingthis sacred to the event and (Concluded from opposite page)

members of this Church cannot be overchanges among which is sale of Uquoremphasized.

built has been around The program WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP byliquorthe candrink.be legallyUnder purchasedpresent lawsin Utahharda group of songs are found which to be

in the song book Aaronic Priesthood OUTLINE OF STUDY only at state liquor stores and by those liquor the buy. permits to having And 1946 MAY Bishopric PresidingChoruses. urge The

containis other bottles or in sold only bishops to copies of secure theward reor fourteenyear-old seven boys Six the not ers on must be consumed and in for time the to amplebook boys after class recentSchool mained Sunday premises. songs. theprepare song chosen their to is ly Each voluntarily confessed and young reto or permits laws be made Utah fast that habittheypertinent teacher becoming the were to restorathe of theme

tion of the Aaronic Priesthood, and its ual smokers with others of their friends. pealed by a majority vote in a general

the of provisions Until election. the teacher concerned though much wasefficient will rendition add much to the The

this definitely let feelings. are did of she her the known not proposed law boys knowspirit of the entire program.

to attack to time plan an on have had She pronounce to unable be column will correct to problem. should she the do What it. say, can howjudgment upon Program We

first situation? to the get thought Her was principle are opposed that ever, on 1. we song: "Praise Opening to the Man"by evils to of the speaker speak and on a come that provision promote the to would any the of smoking. dangers would be What liquor, reof ease greater consumption 2. a priest this procedure? Invocation—bycongregation

it, increase 3. governing strictions and Sacrament that discovered the reateacher soon The song—congregation

4. Sacrament—members of the Aaronic son boys smoke lies not in tobacco but in lawlessness.

APRIL 1946 237

i Racking axh CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Forty Years Ago (Concluded from page 218) WARD TEACHERS

Six months after he became an apostle, The teacher s duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and he was sustained as second assistant strengthen them;

superintendent of the Deseret Sunday And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with

School Union. On April 4, 1909, he each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

was advanced to first assistant, and then And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the succeeded President Joseph F. Smith as members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

general superintendent, the appointment being made December 31, 1918.

Here he served until being released on lA/ard Ueackerd'fjfaddaaa fw M/ay 1946

October 30, 1934. The Sunday School TITHINGoffice has some statistics on growth

roughly embracing President McKay's TThe Lord as the creator of the heavens and the earth is the rightful owner administration of all that is produced thereon. The Psalmist said, "The earth is the

1918 1933 Lord's, and the fulness thereof; the world, and they that dwell therein."

Sunday Schools.... 1,430 2,104 (Psalms 24:1.) In this day the Lord has said, "I, the Lord, stretched out

all things therein Teachers 20,330 29,295 the heavens, and built the earth, my very handiwork; and

104:14.) are mine."(D. & C. Pupils 192,382 336,391 right to enjoy the use of his domain, he has requested that a For the

President Charles H. Mart of the tithe be paid annually upon the increase. This is God's law of revenue, and

origin. is of ancient applies of his Church. law to each member TheFirst always Seventy, of the Council

it. first their Since the to observe Melchizedek among were and a Abrahamit well inquiet, served unassuming man,

its the through importance the frequently emphasized has day, Lord all that he attempted. He was a memprophets.

ber of both the general boards of the He has reproved his people when they have failed to obey his mandate.

Deseret Sunday School Union and the When speaking through Malachi, he said, "Will a man rob God? Yet

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Asye have robbed me. But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes

sociation. He presided over the Canaand offerings. "( Malachi 3:8.)

dian Mission from 1927 to 1930. He His denouncement of those who failed to comply with the decree was

died in Salt Lake City September 29, countered with an unusual promise of blessings for those who abide his law.

1934. "... prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you

The other new appointee at the sevthe windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not it."receive to 3:10.) (Malachi enough room F. beentysixth conference, annual Joseph

blessmaterial understood should not a to mean be promise This historian, assistant ChurchSmith, Jr., as looking the thought of should forward with not paid alone. be Tithing ing

served in that position until 1921 when to financial prosperity as a reward. The real values that come from tithehe was sustained as Church historian. paying can never be measured in dollars and cents. The major benefits

On April 7, 1910, he, too, was ordained are spiritual in nature. To him who keeps this commandment comes an

an apostle. Today we know him as increase in the capacity of his soul through the application of the principles

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith of the of faith, honesty, and generosity in his own life.

Council of the Twelve, Church hisPayment of a full tithing is the only evidence of our acceptance of, torian and recorder, president of the and appreciation for, this divine law. It is an honest obligation that can be

Salt Lake Temple, and president of discharged in no other way. Failure to so acknowledge it jeopardizes the

spiritual blessings. temporal the and right promise of to enjoythe Genealogical of the Society Church.

faith injuncthis sacred has lead to obey him him, however, whose To important vacancies Yes, were spiritual joy, influence. in increase power, will to be tion and an The benefits comefilled at that April conference—and are not confined to the individual. A father who pays tithing makes it

looking back over the forty years there possible for his wife and children to share the Lord's benediction with him.

is but one judgment-—the elders who Although the Lord has given this commandment, he does not enforce

were called to those positions of trust it. Observance comes not by way of coercion, but "out of the abundance

were well chosen indeed. A. L. Z., Jr. of the heart."Righteousness cannot be legislated; it is born of a sincere

desire to do God's will. "A good man out of the good treasure of the heart

bringeth forth good things."(Matt. 12:35.) "And whatsoever ye do, do

it heartily, as to the Lord, and not unto men."(Col. 3:23.) He who risesThe Realm We above selfishness and gives from the goodness of a generous heart will

Have Nof Seen nevernever lackclosedfortothesuchassurancea man. of God's love. The "windows of heaven"are

{Concluded front page 219) have been a glorious reunion. The joy

of it goes on forever. anguish, he said, "Mary."High among TREES

Two days later a sorrowing woman the values of life eternal are the By Maurine Jacobs highminded in reunion and uncertainly ofstood the sweetness by a tomb cut things: of is a multitude A tree

itrock. her association. with Somehow The king approached for children's feet; In spring, a ladder cannot be **

the words, "Woman, why weepest worth while to limit our hopes and our In summer, shade for an old man's ease;

thou? whom seekest thou?"(John joys to those that can be picked up by In autumn, a haven for homing birds;

20:15.) Then to cut short her our limited tools of this earth. In winter, a harp for the wind to strum.

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA had a feeling that the Lord would help me in my efforts to obtain this book. In

a short time I wrote the son again and told him I was gathering the White records and felt certain his record would help to straighten out some of Hjtyitaiogy the ancient lines. His reply was courteous, but stated that he was sorry he

I several for ing wrote it, and in monthsA Convert's Contribution to Temple Work couldn't mail me the book. I kept prayat offering to the bonds again put up

of as guarantee a good Royal Bank of dollars G. 2025 sending Massachusetts, and Gordon two Whyte, P*lder

I faith. as to a appealed Finally him

fifty for cents Street, payment. Regina, Garnet Saskatchere- the waited and a to White Whyte

I this to previous years wan, as a baptized convert Canada, two Some was exsult of appeal, which had now my enthe in baptism administered and 1913. had reAlthough he has always years. of period tended Time over a two for in Daniel Appleton sided the dowment missionfleld as of Judge a member I to think along, slipped began and my of fourth couMassachusetts, the a Branch, Regina instruWhite he has been vain. in efforts been had sin 7, of mine, in died born 1776,mental for his having June performed letter arrived 13, 1930, a On May 12, 1861. married Septemberkindred had others the dead and impressive He statSheffield, of T. A. from White W. in total succession, three of under 43,228 temple and ordinances. widows his record family mailing ing he me was entitled to not procedure, normal was His activitemple genealogical and I out after copied returned to had be

him. to of sealed have any them one ties in all of began 1918; hence them for. I personal looking was what My I in his time the temple Every name sawhave in been administered a of period praythis: record notes "And now my feeling over of record sorrow a came years. twentyeight In addition, the I the for are ers can do answered, now prethe me. had Here man was who his stimulation of leaderexample and all this of family large for temple work family's to record the 1610 served back in ship the distinctRegina has Branch distant this bless the Lord Whites; may the to temple enabled and had do me ly contributed the accomplishtoward this book."of relative for loan the

I all couldn't for of them, and work ofment 13,610 ordinances by members arrived the 15, 1930, book On May his. complete of that in period. branch the same it I to able copy mail from and was by

entitled book Life The Mary The of his experiences enwhile Of so many In six weeks'names. hundred two some

fine of record a a Wilder was Whitegaged. Brother writes: Whyte its it Sheffield, to time home on was way

in Massachusetts young who woman England.

I state to that wish the gathering of infatuated with a Mr. became Van

genealogy and doing temple work, for both Indies, the of and Schalkwych West is myself and of the branch, members him, out to be a The Spirit of Elijah but a married he turned full story of faithpromoting incidents, insouth, scoundrel. in the year a After finest the of converts of the One labor, tense years of relong and many the plague, and her died of husband the to Jesus Church of Branch she Regina search, coupled satisfaction with the joy and

of having really accomplished something was kept a virtual prisoner until one Christ of Latterday Saints is Brother worth while.... day an American tramp steamer came John Craig, who was baptized on the

Fortunately my lines extended back to the along. To her great joy the captain twentyseventh of June 1930. Almost

first settlers in Massachusetts, from 1635 to was from her home town. She told the immediately he became interested in the

1640. Some of the records were difficult to captain about her plight, and he took work for the dead and on August 6,

obtain, but through prayer and plenty of her home to Massachusetts. Soon after 1931, sent in forty names of his dead

faith effort, unceasing the and names arrival introduced she of her home, was for relatives endowment. baptism and

thirty ofabout kindred thousand were my to it soon aunt White, and her story. this by Judge told evening he me One I together.gathered to send used out... into match. love true Not left developed a four brothers 1800, the year About letters, fifteen ofhundreds but percent only

this I until of the read announcement to two Scotland. Canada; came Oneof those of notice addressed took any my

this it that did on marriage dawn me states; one southern for and the to letters information; wentappeal the but from

that fifteen percent made up a thousandwas my relative, Daniel Appleton went to far off Australia. Said he, "I

fold for the ones who never sent an answer. White, whose temple work had not wonder how I could get in touch with

all to with eagerness theTheir supply me I in sat den completed. been As grandfather's my of the descendants my

offerinformation to then had they and I Lord, of the at the marveling ways are any, if there brother's people, who, that revelationsecure indeed a more was I asfelt presence, their and suddenly let- I said, a Australia.""Write are inthe spirit them. did of Elijah prompt

their wishes that would be in sured them daily ter papers of the large to one was Many, the way many times of. President care sealed taken Edward stating J. Australia, Sidney, wish to you or laterup, but sooner someone would

write me something that would reveal the Wood of the Alberta Temple, was conget in touch with the descendants of whereabouts of the names missing from the sulted, and these good people were one of four brothers who left Scotland records. sealed for eternity, May 5, 1926. about the year 1800, and enclose three

faithpromoting some I am submitting willcidents which I hope encourage some inThe Result of Prayer ment."or four dollarsBrothertoCraigpay didfor thethis,advertiseand then

of our Saints to hasten the temple work for In the year 1928, a catalog of English said, "Now what do I do?"I said,

their dead relatives. genealogies which came into my hands, "Start praying that the spirit of Elijah

stir entitled will the Craigs in Australia, if The Whites a book up The stories mentioned follow: mentioned that there impressed Being any."are of Wallingwells.

to he by, but I wrote should book, months purchase this or five went Four Prompted to Buy a Book I

I several bookstores, but answer. of them none received day no had One

In the month of February 1926, I rehad ever handled a copy. Then I wrote met him on the street, and he said, "I

ceived a catalog of various books, and a letter to Mr. White of Wallingwells guess that Australian Craig never

on looking through it I noticed one enin northern England and offered up a reached his destination."I replied,

titled The Life of Mary Wilder White. prayer that the letter would reach the "Don't give up yet. I still feel you will

Immediately an inspiration came into right party. In due time I received a get results."The next day the telephone

my mind, "Buy that book,"but I paid letter from T. A. W. White of Sheffield, rang with Brother Craig on the other

no attention. For two mornings I heard in which he said that only two books end of the wire. "Well,'said he, "that

the voice louder and louder, "Buy that were printed, and his old father had one Craig of Australia didn't die; he left a

book."By this time I was convinced of them which was not for sale, nor large posterity. I received today seventhat somebody on the other side of the could it be borrowed, as the record was teen letters from Craigs in Australia

veil was urging me to purchase that a rare one. and New Zealand, all relatives of

book, so I wrote to the firm in Boston, This did not discourage me, as I still mine."

APRIL 1946 239

HUNGRY SHEEP

{Concluded from page 215) As they entered the hall, Elizabeth

Joan made a poor guess at his muswelcomed them joyously in small, ings. "A man doesn't have to remain in broken sentences, drawing them into

a small town after he has outgrown it. the living room. Henrietta had risen.

But right now the Gazette needs you."Struggling against tears, she stood

He turned, passionately. "I'm trying swaying slightly, as though she were

to save myself, Joan. You don't know attempting to advance but found her

what it would be like to live in that feet too weighty. "Hello,"he said,

antiquated house without—Stan,"boyishly. She stretched out her arms,

"I think perhaps I do."and the spontaneity of her smile lifted

Something in her throaty tone stirred him. "Oh, Paul,"was all she could

him, deep down, where he was strugmanage. He placed her on the couch

gling to keep the loneliness under covand sat beside her. In a few moments

chin and intense gaze, drapes, pallid in and heavy picture the Stan's cheek, hisANOTHER STEP er. He scrutinized her profile—lifted he took in the familiar walls, the oils, thinness captain of which flowing uniform, his her of brown the own sketch

In Overland Greyhound's hair failed to hide. lake.

it used Improvement Program heart,"Youdo don'tyou?"think Stan died in my to "Yoube, didn'tkeptyou,everythingMom?"just as

to. "I tried I Elizabeth But In and have pity his he swept eyes from away First in step conversion our postwar long had wait."a struggling her face. felt the muscles He faster buses, schedules, more was

lay She the back pillows on his weakly, of throat pulling painfully. own greater million convenience. a Now clinging his to hand, eyes hungry his little on stubborn "You chaplain,"said he dollars termiof worth modern new

face. Paul leaned nearer thickly, discovand let "you won't even yourself in are the process nals or planned

of construction. And Greyhound is cry."After what seemed a long time ered something about his mother he

going forward with still other plans he stood up jerkily and groped for her had never known before: Carefully

to make bus travel more attractive hand. guarded, beneath the artificiality, her

heart burned fierce with desire a for afbefore. than ever "I guess the ladies you win. beTo fection. felt the She his of wave sym- I'll long for go back a the—spoiled. pathy. or day got to get home."you OVERLAND two—I've "I couldn't lose sons,"said, two she telephoned Joan while Paul packwas shaken. "I didn't have the strength to ing.GREYHOU1/AfJFS lose two."

Operated by "You'll right, be all Mom,"soothed

Interstate "I'm an Transit Lines IN ow as he helped her to Paul. old stickin-themud

the curb, she felt the tremor of his now, and I'm going to stick around here hand. His conviction that he must pro- a long time."

tect her from unhappy memories had Joan slipped out of the house and steeled him during the long ride, but the walked slowly down the steps, the velsight of the small streets with their vet touch of night on her burning eyes.

trees immense and the sudden loom silent as of The street was as the sky. As

his home had his sleeping awakened unshe reached the side, other i...r-aroaround drd", ichcs>riches>r the sheltercertainty. Joan slipped her arm through ing trees pushed their branches down to

his started and resolutely path, her. up the will Paul They knew, precious be * ats. salads-- "MG, heart, but too, her fluttering with was don't let this moment be add to me—God,

r tatt*'I voU misgivings. if she salad had avail! What done it the no then that And the was

thing in bringing Paul thus realization back to came her, as in a flash: ttteen VepetieAys. wrongabruptly? of little She so knew about of the great illNone moments were ness—could overstrained nerves snap? lost. Unchanged, they lived to everrush

In reality, the only thing she did know back, again and again, to shine above about Paul was his need for love. the dulling clouds of anguish. They

Could Mrs. Goodrich do as Joan had were the understanding moments,

requested over the telephone, accept springing from the well which lies deepher son without pity? er than culture or race.

SOME UNIVERSALS IN THE BOOK OF MORMON

{Continued from page 213) Men are that they might have joy!

writer the most philosophical of any All men, whether English, Americans, in the Book of Mormon. Russians, French, Germans, Japanese.

"Defore concluding, we call attention Italians, Hottentots, or Burmese, were to two other passages in the Book placed on this earth for the purpose of of Mormon having distinct universal having joy. The word "joy"as used

implications. The first, which is very by Lehi in this scripture has no narrow

commonly quoted by our people, throws connotations. The word, of course, has

light on the purposes leading to man's the usual dictionary meanings such as existence in mortality. It therefore re- "the emotion excited by the acquisition

fers to all men without exception. The or expectation of good,""gladness,"

passage reads "delight,""bliss,""gaiety,"but far and

Adam fell that men might be; and men beyond these Lehi seems to mean a

are, that they might have joy. (II Nephi way of life that will lead to eternal life

2:25.) {Concluded on page 242)

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Do you remember the time when you could go into a railway office and quietly purchase a ticket for business or recreation travel? You

didn't feel that you should stay at home in order that some member of the armed forces could travel. And you didn't stand in line only

to be told that the train was sold out to the Army and Navy, and those traveling on vitally essential business.

Those days are here again!

Today, all service personnel are being moved promptly and there is no backlog on the Western Pacific.

So, space is now available on the Western Pacific Exposition Flyer.

Train service is getting back to our usual prewar standard and we are serving three meals a day in the diner. The only restriction

is that, for the present, reservations cannot be made more than fourteen days in advance.

It's been a long, long time—but now you can plan a pleasant

WATCH FOR and comfortable trip. For information see:

H. R. COULAM, General Agent

48 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah, Phone 4-6551

*> *40m m m t WESTERNTHE SCENIC ROUTE ACROSS AMERICA PiSAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO

APRIL 1946 241

Some Universals in The University of Utah the Book of Mormon offers a memorable {Concluded from page 240) in God's presence. As the Nephite

prophet further states... I have none other object save it be the

everlasting welfare of your souls. (II Nephi SUMMER SCHDDL 2:30.)

10 to August 23 There is a nobility to Lehi's words Summer Quarter—June Six Weeks'Session—June 10 to July 19 which all men must admire, whether or

his theology. with agree He not they Post Session—July 22 to August 23 for encompasses and out reaches men

The visiting faculty includes leaders in many fields... them in the arms of love and understanding. The chaotic and warridden

Dr. E. Allen Bateman—State Superintendent of Public Instruction, Salt Lake world in which we find ourselves desCity.

perately needs such men.

Dr. Raymond Burrows—Associate Professor of Music Education, Teachers The second passage of scripture apCollege, Columbia University, New York. propriately connects the service which

Dr. Marcia Edwards—Associate Professor of Education, Assistant Dean, men give each other with their service

College of Education, University of Minnesota. of God. A great Nephite king, Benjain his old age gave a last John W. Ferree, M.D.—Staff Member, American Social Hygiene Association. min by name,

sermon to his people. In it he said

Professor V. D. of Accounting and Business AdministraGardner—Professor

Behold, I say unto you that because I said State Agricultural College, Logan. tion, Utah

in your spent that days I had unto my you

Katherine Miss S. Knox—Special for I desire boast, I have to Representative, PrenticeHall, Inc., expert service, not do Shorthand. on Thomas Natural

beof in service God. the And only been

Dr. Edwin Mims—Professoremeritus of English, Vanderbilt University, Nashhold, I tell you these things that ye may

ville, Tennessee. learn wisdom; that ye may learn that when

beings fellow in service the of your of in the service your God. only Dr. J. C. Moffitt—Superintendent of Provo City Schools, Provo, Utah. yeye areare

Miss Mary Nielson—Supervisor, South Sanpete School District, Manti, Utah. Behold, ye have called me your king; and

if labor to king, your do ye call I, whom Dr. Dora V. Smith—Professor of Education, University of Minnesota. to to labor not you, then serve ought ye

Dr. V. T. Thayer—Educational Director, Ethical Culture Schools, New York serve one another? (Mosiah 2:1618.)

City. There are few finer sentiments than

Dr. Harold W. Vinacke—Professor of International Law and Politics, Unithese to be found in all scripture. When

versity of Cincinnati, Ohio. ye are dn the service of your fellow beMiss Mildred Wharton—Extension Specialist, National Congress of Parents ings, ye are only in the service of your

and Teachers, Chicago, 111. God! One need only find and serve his

In addition to regular courses, an intensive program oi school and civic neighbor in order to find himself in the activities will be offered...Plan to attend one or both sessions of Summer service of God. The only true selfSchool at your University. service is to be found in this course.

FOR SUMMER SCHOOL BULLETIN The universal element in such teachWrite to ings as Benjamin's justifies the assertion

DIRECTOR OF SUMMER SESSION made"the goodabout ofthemanBookis oftheMormoncenter thatand aim of it."

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH whole SALT LAKE CITY

MY DAUGHTER By Eddie C. Willis

VTesterday I held her tenderly against my * breast gently, as her head on rocked downy HELP US - HELP YOU! And

pressed; lips dreamily sleepy eyes And myMUSICWe carry large stocks of music suitable for daring to to hold her Content thus—notI HILLAM'S ahead. look COSTUMES CHURCH ES I packed her lunch and dashed away are BETTER COSTUMES Today

a tear shining eyes not see; happy, must for Her Safer cossecure you to ANDSCHOOLS

of is her This school—her first day Arranged setting Pertumes BEFORE year. for Vocal and HOME USE Instrumental formance Date. She'll learn to read and write—and notfirstto

SOLOS—CHOIRS—BANDS miss me!

specialize in L. D. Write music.We

to for suggestions available. material us S.andChurch

SteinwayDealers Lester in pianos, band Hillam's Costume Shop Tomorrow!old homeShe'llwalls;find her mate outside the and

orchestra instruments, talking machines,and She'll her spread the famiwings and leave Salt Lake City, Utah supplies.records and musicians'nest. ly

FILLED SPLENDID WITH 10 ROOMS o'er gently heads our graying While falls, twilight head against her breast. hold a downyDAYNES47 So. Main St. MUSICSalt Lake CO.City 1 COSTUMES She'll life's

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SPEED UP your hay harvest WITH OLIVER

W8m!w&t&$zf!K& iMiM.. > i WKt>&ffiRS&i v* *. &

\Uhen hay reaches the ripe stage, the farmer left outside for fast drying and fleshbuilding faces the biggest risk of damage to his crop. vitamins are preserved in the feed.

Speed is allimportant. If the food content and After fieldcur-

protein value are to be preserved, the hay must be ing, Oliver's Hay put up now. Modern faststepping hay tools... Loader deftly

implements like Oliver's 21-B Mower, Side Depicks up the livery Rake and Hay Loader—are the answers to windrowed hay

this problem. with sure gentle

"fingers,"pushes The 21-B Mower, behind a Row Crop 60, for the cut crop instance, will cut 20 to 30 acres a day with your across the loader tractor running in second or third gear. It's

deck into the simple and easy Side Delivery Rake and No. 2 Hay Loader

wagon with a to attach and deminimum loss of tender leaves and heads.

tach... shears

close with a full, Yes! Your hay harvest can be speeded up this

even swath... year with Oliver on the job. Make more hay,

works right up to save more hay, feed more hay—the Oliver way.

fence corners.

Row Crop 60 and 21-B Mower, R.C. 70 Following up Mountain States Implement Co.

with Oliver's Side OGDEN, UTAH

Delivery Rake works the cut hay gently into Dealers Throughout Utah and Southern Idaho

Branches: Ogden and Tremonton, Utah; Preston, Blackfoot, Idaho Falls,

loose, airy windrows. Heads are turned in, stems Shelley, Twin Falls, Buhl, Rupert and Rexburg, Idaho

IFINEST IN FARM MACHINERY!"

APRIL 1946 243 Church Welfare {Continued from page 209) bles, fruit, sugar, household supplies, miscellaneous food items, drugs, and wft) FOR THE MOTHER WHO WORRIES BECAUSE sundries;wheat, barley,field oats,cropsalfalfa,of sugarcotton,beets,and

clothing for men, women, and children.

When this budget is finally approved by the First Presidency of the Church, it is then submitted to the Church for its approval. When approved by the

Church it is apportioned among the *nw cdi/Uu/cnY stakes of the Church with the consent and approval of each stake presidency and stake welfare committee. The stake

committee then makes assignments to eat/"the wards, with the consent and apYour child's birthright is provalgroups.ofInthethisbishopslatter groupand wardeachwelfarepriestgood nutrition... and here are hood quorum is represented. The quoin for the one books mother two that portion of the approve rums next

to all be sure, wants about who allotted to them. The assumpau- budget children is both an feeding

ihoritative, safe manual of child tion of responsibility thus becomes envoluntary.

farms have purchased wards ><>? feeding,the womanandwhothe firstcookscookfor bookchildrenfor tirely Many edmg to produce or from which ranches

pages 269 rely budget. the Other of share wards **fS;

formto prepare individcook and and quorums priesthood upon % fliP$&l%&&*. their

foods, HQWulas, school and canned raw of the ward's portion uals to a produce lunches, vegetables meats, and

Relief Society so budget. women's The that will children them. want

in as in Church, the so far every ward need, schedequipment you WHAT final analysis proin.. the have know, special diets we ules to follow,. hundreds of other facts to help you raise duced a very substantial part of this

infancy. child healthy from a advisers, the general budget. our To

infants, babies, feed to grow- '* 4. WHEN Society, the Relief and of presidency

.. ing children to long keep. how are of the Church to the women we bottles, etc. feeding, breast with on

very grateful.

Includes 23 page index and glossary During the production period, reports of progress are made by the local units general committee. to the When

authoritative, complete, Tbe there is a failure or a reason for any exclusively cbildfeeding manual likelihood of a failure to produce that ALL ABOUT which has been assigned and undertaken by any ward, the bishop reports the probable shortage to the stake preseither event, idency. In such some an FEEDING CHILDREN

its to budget voluntary other adds ward

Attending Pediatrician at the By MILTON is general committee or the York Hospital,J. E. SENN,and AssociateM.D., Associate Professor of Pediatrics New in Psychiatry at commitment,

Cornell University Medical College. And... notified, and some other stake is given

PHYLLIS KRAFFT NEWILL, author of Good Food and How to Cook it. the opportunity to volunteer to make

up the shortage. The result has been

that in every year of our experience, our budgets, approved and assumed in the foregoing manner, have been produced substantially as agreed, and have BOOKCRAFT been contributed to the welfare program.

Each ward and stake retains for itself, that of use, for portion its own BOOKCRAFT its is budget produced needed which 18 Richards Street is locally. the surplus subheld Only

Salt Lake City 1, Utah ject to the order of the general committee for use elsewhere in the Church,

Please send me copies of ALL ABOUT FEEDING Each welfare region of the Church, as.

CHILDREN, at $2.49 each. well as practically every stake, by producing its budget becomes as nearly

I enclose payment of $.. Charge my account selfsustaininglocal unit need drawas is onpracticable.any other partNo

of the Church for anything that can be produced readily nearby. The genName eral committee is a clearinghouse for

the surpluses of each region. It makes

Address disposition of these surpluses from time to time throughout the Church, when

City Zone State. and where needed. The entire welfare

(IF ANY) resources of the Church are thereby readily made available anywhere to [Continued on page 246) 244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Nobel Prize Winner Points Way to Better Health and Longer Life

Through daily use of Genuine Bulgarian Yogurt

It took a great man of this tract is swarming with germs—good at the Rosell Bacteriological Dairy Instiscience—Nobel Prize and bad. Thereafter, as long as life lasts, tute at the Trappist Monastery in Canada,

"Winner Metchnikoff there is a neverending battle between the a worldfamous scientific institution. It is

—to prove in his labogood germs and the bad. Modern science this Genuine Bulgarian Yogurt Culture

ratory what primitive teaches us that by changing the "intestinal which we now offer you—and for which

and unletteredpeople flora"—by introducing inlong ago discovered: to the digestive system

that the magic key to a "friendly"lactic acids—we

METCHNIKOFF long life and a healthy can retard growth ofharmof Scientific Father putrefactive bacteria one is to be found in ful,

Yogurt Modern herself. causepremature old which Nature

A deep student ofbiology, Metchnikoff age and shorten life.

knew that Man is not only born hungry This, in substance, was but is born with a hunger to live long. As the great discovery of the

a result, the quest for life goes on. Man famous Russian biologist,

marshals his arts and his sciences; his test Metchnikoff. He was a

tubes and his retorts; his X-Rays and his Nobel Prize winner and

vitamins; his sulfa and penicillin—and Director of the Pasteur

struggles anew to solve not only the riddle Institute of Paris. He was

greatly life. impressed riddle both the by life but of of long

of and vigor often the age the Yet, happens, as so answer is the AmericanRosell CultureLaboratoryis producedof Internationalfor you byYogurttrainedCompany—technicianswhere

onMan'sDoorstep: the answer to longerpeople who lived in the

lasting youth, beauty, health. Track back Balkans and the Russian Caucasus. Many we have the exclusive American rights.

several centuries and you will find simple of them lived to be 100. Their average TheCultureisproduced bytrained techhabits of these ancients that, in the light lifespan was 87. nicians in our own laboratory, pictured

of modern nutrition, are a revelation. "What,"asked Metchnikoff,"do these on this page. To make good Yogurt at

Take, for instance, the cultured milkfood people eat?"Their everyday dish, he home all you need (in addition to our

we now call Yogurt. learned,was a special cultured foodknown Culture) is good milk. Then you simply

Down through the corridors of time, asYogurt.This contained vast amounts of follow our ABC directions.

primitive people have used the milk of lactic acids and special lactic organisms. Genuine Bulgarian Yogurt will bring

cows, sheep, buffaloes, to produce the After long research and ample clinical your family notonlya new sense ofhealth foodwe know asYogurt.True, it is known proof,Metchnikoffconcluded thatYogurt but a new tasteadventure. You can eat it

by different names in different countries; was the best natural way to combat Man's straight or sweetened with sugar, honey,

but essentially it is the same milkfood. Health Enemy No. 1: excessive intestinal cinnamon, preserves; and for vegetable

Thus, Bulgarians call itYogurt. Inhabputrefaction. and food salads it's "just tops."

itants ofthe Caucasus call itMatzoon.The Metchnikoff's theory has stood the test The handy coupon below, plus $1.80,

Greeks call it Yaourty; the Italians, Oxyoftime. In fact, two greatAmerican scienwill bring you enough genuine Culture

Gala; the Russians, Varenetz; the Scanditists, Prof. Irving Fisher ofYale and Prof. to make a full month's supply ofYogurt.

a Haven Emerson of Columbia University, say this in their recentbook, "How to Live": "It may

be safely said that the great majority of leading clinicians agree with Metchnikoffthatthemictatinc croorganisms inhabitset bodies have ing our (IE) 1 INTERNATIONAL YOGURT COMPANY facthere apoison going Hills, Cal. I Blvd., Beverly 149 N. La Cienega

tory which shortens our (Check one or both) I

Institute Rosell Bacteriological Dairy of of Canada—where Home Attached Send enough me.80 existence by secreting I Culture Bulgarianis *1 Genuine a this to make perfected Culture Yogurt developed Genuine and was

penetrate i full poisonswhich supply.month's include ofYogurt.Also I

tailed to instructions it at home.deon make how precious injure all our navians, TaeteFilbunke; Yugoslavs, most the our tissues, I free healthstory the romantic Send me

liver, brain, kidneys."ourarteries, organs, of""af Surely, Yogurt. KisseloMleko. any food so uni- I

years has all these been versal in problem its appeal have something must The

Name- I that strain would genuine culture vitally get a necessary to Yogurt to humankind!

has! It is this: be uniform, potent, stable. Because no Street- I

At birth there are nogermsintheintesYogurt is better than the Culture from City. State- i

tinal tract. Twentyfour hours after birth, which it ismade. Thisproblemwas solved

APRIL 1946 245 Church Welfare (Continued from page 244) meet any emergency. Bishops have no

fear of meeting their commitments to opte-'lfce golden skinthe needy. The worthy can rely upon

the Church administering to their wants when necessary. Our resources are

ample. \ttste the tangy juice

ance to from seventeen $H DFSERT <WS fiftyCince 1936 we have rendered assistthousand persons a year. thousandWe areto

better prepared today than ever beterially increase this enlarge esand clean, bright Cut into a Desert iN fore to continue, and if necessary, masential service. matter of fact, a As Grapefruit you'll find and somesending parcels to Europe. we are now

thing special. From generous contributions to relieve

Inside that Desert Grapefruit, our brothers and sisters in the wariSs,-&> juicyAnd they'regolden segmentspacked withawaittangyyou. ravishedthousand countries,parcels havemore thanalreadyfourteenbeen

juice flavored by the desert sun sent to Holland, Belgium, France, Fin- -rich with vitamin C. land, Denmark, Norway, England, and

Spoon into that healthful Czechoslovakia.tain clothing. SomeThesefood hasparcelsalso beencongoodness for breakfast each shipped. From reports of Elder Ezra

morning. Enjoy Desert GrapeTaft Benson, president of the European

fruit, too, in salads and desserts. Mission, we know many of these parWe'll tell you how. Send for our cels have arrived and have been defree booklet of unusual and livered in good condition to our people.

tempting ways to serve grapeWe are now busily engaged in shipfruit. Write Desert Grapefruit ping carload lots of food and clothing to

each for countries of the above named Industry, 746 So. Central Ave., distribution President under Benson's

Los Angeles 21, California. supervision. Relief to our people in

ARIZONACALIFORNIA Germany has been delayed because of difficulties beyond our control. President

Benson has just succeeded in completing arrangements whereby we can now ship food and clothing into Germany DESERT through the Red Cross. Germany will,

Grapefruit therefore, soon be added to the list of countries actually receiving aid from our Church, for our people.

The budget, of which we have written at length, together with the fast offerings of the Church, assures us

The book for which you long against suffering arising from want for have waited! ings,the necessitiesand in factofthelife.tithingThe offasttheofferpeo-

ple, have increased along with the development of our welfare program.

Many stakes of the Church soon Song reached the minimum donation of one dollar per capita a year, requested by President Grant early in the welfare program. This assignment since then Cverlasting has been met, or at least approximated,

by all stakes during the past ten years.

a rich, interpretative and hauntingly Contributions to our annual budget beautiiul "Mormon"novel have increased the spirit of giving in by PAUL BAILEY thehappierChurch.we areTheto givemoremore.we Presidentgive the

(Author THIS of FOR MY GLORY, THE J. Reuben Clark, Jr., very recently said:

etc.) BRANNAN. GAY SAINT, SAM

In the same skill and vigor which has won And so we began this welfare plan, which him wide acclaim as a novelist, Paul Bailey was to do the two things: first, provide for

gives to his people a book as peculiar as those who needed help and, second, bring their faith, as dynamic as today's events, and to our people the blessings which the Lord as enduring as Utah's hills. has always promised in ancient times and

A Westeralore publication in modern to those who relieve the distress

SONG EVERLASTING will comfort those who mourn, strengthen those whose faith of others....

waiver, may and open the universe to those who grope. In it the depth and meaning It is rather a curious thing to me that itself. of eternity

Price $2.50. See page 197 for order blank. since we began this welfare plan and since

we began calling upon the Saints to give, our tithing has increased more than one still the fifty percent and is on 18 RichardsBDDKCRAFTStreet Salt Lake City 1, Utah hundredincrease. [Continued on 248) page

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "HELLO...

*S3S"WW"'Mr. INSURED

This is your FIRE M INSURANCE Man * dL—just wanted to remind you that

property values have been going up steadily these past months. I'd

like to suggest checking your values against your present insurance to make sure you're adequately covered. Tomorrow

morning? Fine—I'll be there!"

SO EASY, so profitable—and so just criticism to our entire industry. IT'S

important to the entire fire insurance It's up to us all, companies and agents, industry and the agency system to keep to accept full responsibility for the proproperty values and insurance coverage tection of our insureds... to deliver

in balance these fastmoving days... a service of such high standard that the

golden opportunity to prove that "Servinsurance industry and the agency sysice is what we sell!"But more—it's an tem will continue as irreplaceable facopportunity that, neglected, can bring tors in the economic life of the nation.

This message is published by the GENERAL AMERICA COMPANIES as part of General of America's effort to keep itself and its agents alert and on guard against an admittedly critical situation. We will continue to exert every effort

toward keeping property values and insurance coverage in balance.

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE CO. OF AMERICA

K. K. DENT, Priiri*nt... Ham. Office: SEATTLE

*The Capital Stock Company of Preferred Risks*

BRANCH AND SERVICE OFFICES IN PRINCIPAL CITIES THROUGHOUT THE UNITED STATES CANADIAN DEPARTMENT, VANCOUVER, B. C.

APRIL 1946 247

Church Welfare offeringmade wereconsistentcontributedwith theto thesavingChurch,thus asfectiona people,in ourreachedprogresssuch aandstatedevelopof per- (Continued from page 246) we surely would have no problem in ment, and it should be a simple thing so

If we all paid our tithing and if the meeting the needs of all of the unforto do, we would no doubt have elimifast were observed by all and a fast tunate members of the Church. If we, nated to a great extent the need of any

relief. We would likely have few, if

any, to assist. We could then apply

ourselves and our resources more and to the of preaching to the gospel the earth. of TIME TO morethe nations This we must

DECORATE Church,do soonertherefore,or later. embracesOur purposethe elimias a

nation of the causes that lead up to the.... INSIDE necessity for relief.

arations above outlined for the relief AND OUTSIDE We are not satisfied with the preprequired in our midst. We look upon

of our activity much as temporary. Less relief and less should be required as we

progress selfishness. FOR the MOST in faithWe areand notunityunmindfuland in unof

EFFECTIVE theProphetfact Josephthat fromSmiththeto daysthe presentof the time, the Church has admonished the COLORS ON Saints to live in such a way that there would be no poor among us, but so long WALLS AND as needy are in our midst, they should not suffer or find occasion to go outside WOODWORK the Church for needed assistance.

SELECT HPo insure against idleness, we must

BENNETT ployed.find Presidentand make Grantwork inforthetheOctoberunemconference of 1937 said:

WALLPAPERS Cease to be idle; cease to be unclean;

cease to find fault one with another; cease With Beautiful to sleep longer is than needful; retire

early, bed that not ye arise may be weary; Matching to early, that bodies your and your minds may

Colors in be invigorated. (D.GC 88:24.)

It is, therefore, immediately apparent 65 West First South BENNETT'S that we take care of our own people and Bennett Branches and Dealers within the Church, and keep them gainin Utah and Idaho PAINTS fully employed. President Clark beautifully outlined these purposes in the

October conference of 1936, when the plan was first announced.

We have read much during this conference regarding the security plan which the

Church is putting into operation. That plan

has behind it two essential things, first, that shall starve or realfor life; ipn Ottsteli Jlessaqe fan au wely needshallforseethethatthingsnobodynecessary and,

secondly, and just as important, that every one who can work shall have some work to given or to him her to do. THE SERMON

I feel the how dignity about and.. andthe tohonorsay

of work. Work

the earth. law of. this.. ON THE isWhena greatAdamthing.was Itcastis

out, upon him was passed the glorious sentence, "In the sweat of thy face shalt MOUNT thou eat bread."

So long as unemployment was a (JllusiaateJ Iif Qvefieif Sninn problem in our midst, before the war, numerous makework projects were

You will want this exquisite book with its eighteen full color initiated. It was immediately apparent

that idleness not was necessary; that pages beautiful and black white many drawings a part and to be could be for work found dethose who

library for of your all time. text is from The the King James sired their part to do rather to than

Version of the Bible with no additional material. Everyone of have someone else do it for them. We

every age will be able to appreciate the sheer beauty of Everett were ready, without delay, to give to a needed, he what man if he but would Shinn's inspired interpretation of one of the world's greatest in that give return of which he was masterpieces—THE SERMON ON THE MOUNT. $2.00 pable. caOn one of the most important initial

makework projects, a large building in

Salt torn City down. Lake was carefully THE JOHN G. WINSTON CO. IN PHILA. All building materials that be could

salvaged were then used to build our 248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church Welfare WiS"* present Central Bishops'Storehouse on

Welfare Square. This work, for the

most part, was done by men who would otherwise have been idle. Their only

order on bishop's acompensation was historic Mormon the opposite location our of proud We're small a with togetherthe storehouse thousthe serve to us enables it only not for Grounds, Temple their meet to necessary cash ofamount conferences semiannual the attend Saints Latterday who of ands workmen requirements. twocash No travellers to the hosts as act to also but Church, of the Mormon amount the paid same necessarilywere

site. this at famous to homage pay come America who of circumcommodities. or Thein cash

stances of each man varied. Each

workman made his needs known to the bishop at the end of the week. The

bishop gave him an order for what he needed. For example: Two carpenters,

one a widower whose children were all grown, had no one but himself to support; the other had a wife and a number

of small children. These two men

worked side by side doing the same work with substantially the same skill and energy. The latter received substantially more, in fact many times more

than the former because his needs were far greater. Thus all were tided over

the period of temporary unemployment.

Such actual experiences exemplify the extent to which men will go to help one another when men follow the teachGUY TOOMBES ings of Christ in their everyday lives. Managing Director

Salt Lake City The HOTEL UTAHRAany makework projects throughout *"the Church furnished men and women gainful employment which not only gave them temporary independence and selfrespect, but also opened the way for many to permanent employment in industry and commerce. Among Squirrels should not bother you

the makework projects, stakes have acquired range land, pasture, and feed as long as you can get lots to produce and fatten beef. One

hog farm alone produces three hundredfifty fullsize and marketable animals a CARBON BISULPHIDE year. Three dairy projects are being and a

successfully operated. Fruit orchards

are constantly being planted and cultiDEMON RODENT GUN vated on acreage purchased for this Both may now be purchased to take care of your purpose. Stakes have and are successrodent problem.

is control all, period rodent this the After when three large asfully as operating farms kill the adults unless practiced, for you be acres. some Perhaps twentyhundred is to increase squirrel population bound the of nowshould are projects successful welfarethe most everything have months. the You coming during

owned and operated by the wards. On to gain by getting an early start.

these, the bishops and ward members Squirrels are an expensive luxury for they encourwork shoulder to shoulder in the spirit age soil erosion, spoil the contour of the land and of fine brotherhood to help one another make planting and harvesting difficult. They comlife and health which plague menaces municate the for to among needy provideand animal. of both and man factory has successful soapthem. A illustrated conCircular for free our Send 209B—It satisfactory established.been Many information. of tains good a lot

and efficient sewing centers, a woodfurniture plant producingworking STAUFFER & REYNOLDS and WHEELER, canitems, and canneriesother wood Stauffer Chemical Division of Company fruits, fish have vegetables,ning and built the For 636 CALIFORNIA STREET SAN FRANCISCO 8 Church. throughoutbeen

example: We can salmon in the Portland and Seattle stakes and tuna fish

in the San Diego Stake. Poultry projects are producing eggs for the program. There are many individual quorum projects. The time is rapidly approaching when every stake and quorum will have permanent projects to

assist in the production of the annual welfare budget as well as furnish gainful employment for our unemployed. -$.

The immediate future may well re- (Continued on page 250) Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

APRIL 1946 249. )

Church Welfare

{ Continued from page 249 quire the initiation of other projects of a similar nature to meet unemployment problems now at our doorstep. No end

of thought and effort is now being expended by the Church to meet and solve the unemployment problems we believe to be just around the corner. All welHeaders.. presidencies,fare committees,all allbishoprics,priesthoodallquorumstake

presidencies, in fact all members of the

Church must assist if we are to avoid

The ERA gives you much of idleness and suffering incident to any the best current CHURCH future period of general unemployment.

LITERATURE. Within its covEach unit of the Church must in the

find ers you each aumonth final analysis the solve of its problems thoritative material written is people. general committee or own The spoken our leaders. Church by

itself continually preparing to assist

Has it occurred to you what more and more, when and where necespriceless gems of theology, sary. The foresight and inspiration of

poetry and downto-earth gosthe individual membership of the pel the have in you yearby- in initiating leaders Church and of local of year this volumes magalocal activities are and must zine? continue A group of specially fine

to be the backbone of our welfare Bibles with many unusual Why not preserve them for work. welfare committees of the The

Teachers, for use future your by your reference and if regularly Church to features meet must we are children's edification? We urge Scholars, succeed. Workers. and committees transThese must to you do so.

late this local thought local these and

Single volumes (12 numbers) bound ideas into immediate action. TEACHERS BIBLES concordance

in durable, attractive, divinity circuit, R.L. leather, cloth blue Genuine 380

is individual the exour Church, Tn Christ of complete Wordsbinding, in red—the stamped $2.25 in gold

5'/2 alted. exists for this pur8V2; Church Bible. The x type. large $8.50 each plus postage. in pose. believe the is created man divinity circuit, leather, 157. Genuine We

Ten or more volumes at one time image of the Father; that as God is, 60,000 center column references. 5V2 x

8; illustrated. $6.50 individual Man's man may become. $2.00 each plus postage. responsibility is equally as great as his

BIBLES SCHOLARS'and potentialities. He mustBring them in or mail them to us possibilities

divinity circuit, Genuine leather, in 222. gain, however, his own exaltation

the kingdom of God by his own work, pocket size, all Bible aids. 4 x 6V*. $5.50

leather, limp, full of special 621. Genuine of not is above and by that another. He Tiow! scholars. features School for Sunday 3V2 x all else the given priesthood to magnify.

We literally believe with the Apostle 5%. $4.50

"faith without that works old of Jke BIBLE r/eu/5 <UJe5eret CHRISTIAN WORKERS'freM Jamesis also told us dead."James circuit, divinity leather, an Genuine that: 850. 29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City before undefiled religion "Pure and all subjects conunusual on Bible marked

God and the Father is this, To visit nected with the Theme of Salvation. $9.75

the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted At Your Book Store from the world."In this respect we C.WINSTON CO. THE JOHN * FRIEND temporal between no distinction make IN PHILADELPHIA m\ wr0the individual salvation. spiritual and The mik tthatch\

It is, is both. for responsible himself OF therefore, part of the welfare plan that Up

the individual be called upon to exhaust first initiative, resourcefulness, his own v THE selfhelp other before desirand every ing or accepting any outside assistance from any source whatsoever. When SAYS

adversity in any form overtakes the in- "Recently the Newmont Mining of the larger nation's one Company, dividual, his beimmediately problem its mining companies, announcedIt is estimated the birds such nuthatch, as intention developing of certain minto matter of concern primary comes achickadee eats and each woodpecker as downythat eral in ground enshould Utah. We 100,000 insecthigh as larvae eggs per and his family. the or or man, woman, To courage outside to capital more takemonth,..Without birds the insect the problem

in re- a of hand development fullest our the extent to family assuming acute. bewould more much

sources. of dollar ore each For is this responsibility solution given the produced, in stays 90c Utah."LEAF 40KILLS INSECTSBLACK

of their just as temporal problem little oi 40 own ounce with Leaf Black soapOne a added aphidmakes certainly as they receive a spiritualspray. the underUse

origin testimony the divine of of the ofsides kills leaves.systematically—spraysixBlackgallonsLeafof40 effectivealso leafhoppers, bugs, most thrips, lace mealy bugs, work in which are engaged through we suckingyoung bugs j"

4604A principles obedience to the the reof similar insects.and /Ct\ s/sr/

40 LeafBlack is truly a stored gospel of Jesus Christ.

friend of the gardener.

origin* insistAlways upon the of quorums The priesthood seatedal factory packages intiChurch, through their regular and insure strength.to full

tobacco Byproducts & mate contacts with their members,

CHEMICAL CORP. Incorporated know their strength, their weaknesses,

Louisville 2, Kentucky and their needs. It is within the quoMETAL MINING INDUSTRY

LOOK FOR THE LEAF ON THE PACKAGE rum's power to assist materially in the OF UTAH 250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church Welfare rehabilitation of families in distress and in solving of unemployment. problems UNIVERSITY

It is belief that there are few, BRIGHAM YOUNG our firm if families incapable in the any, Church Is proud of its unique position as the only unity for theirof caring if family own exists. We feel certain that, with the University of the Church and is keenly

help of priesthood quorums in the

Church, families could cooperatively aware of its responsibility to train youth in provide for their needs without outhelp,side or and then need at most now the CHARACTER SCHOLARSHIP SPIRITUALITYonly help from temporary some bishop.

Welfare committees have been orFour full quarters of academic training each year ganized throughout the Church, in to assist bishopswards and stakes, and SUMMER QUARTER begins lune 10th assist in raisingstake presidents. They

the budget requirements. They assist

the individual, and in turn the family the probtheand to overcome quorum Write now for your catalogue insure of idlenesslems and want. They

temporary relief when needed, but, above all, they assist in finding a permanent solution of the welfare problems BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY by helping those in need today to secure PROVO, UTAH gainful employment tomorrow.

President David O. McKay was inspired to say at the April conference in

1938: Now is the time for every man to accept his responsibility and to do his duty....

Undoubtedly there are many causes contributing to these untoward conditions, chief of which is failure to adopt the teachings of Jesus....

Instead of waiting expectantly for the government to find work for us, let us look around and see if there is not work near at hand.... Too many of us fail to take advantage of opportunities near at hand....

little fellowtravelers, help from With a or wards, the grade and TEA GARDEN PRESERVES taste like homequorums, he makes goes on his way in gratitude and rejoicing. made because they're made like homemade.

Same fine table fruitorchard-ripe and fresh

Something for each to do: First: by self... same puresugar... same slow.gentle cook

effort attempt to initiate work around the ing, so the fruit is true in color, rich in flavor.

home and in the neighborhood, quorums and groups rendering necessary aid whenever possible. MENU HIT!

In our welfare work, we go inevitably Tjr3 threegive kindsyour menuof Tea aGardenfling servePreservestwo from the responsibility of the individual,.. put them in a sectional glass dish

toward himself to his duties and obligato show off their appetizing colors!

tion toward his family. The Latterday

Saint family is eternal. To this fact

alone we can account for the great love and devotion that exists between Latter-day Saint parents and their children.

for eternity of accounts doctrine.This OffER. WE of buildingthe temples our and the A COMPLETE

work performed therein for the living ENGRAVING SERVICE DOUBLE EDGE 10 for 250, SINGLE 5 lor 190 and the dead. From Missionary Portraits to the Largest

Catalogues.

"Phe welfare plan has not confined its Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention purposes to securing a budget, employment, and individual independence, UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

but has also undertaken to strengthen 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

the family ties. The Church has been

conscious that we might, as a people, be robbed of the eternal blessings assured to us through maintaining our standards. Our conception of the family IN USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS

is no less peculiar to the world's notions than are our religion, our beliefs, and our Aids in treatment of Canker, simple practices in general. We are a peculiar sore throat and other minor mouth

people. We must be vigilant in retainand throat irritations.

ing our distinctiveness. This means

that we cannot do as the world does Hairs Canker Remedy religiously, socially, or economically. 536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah

(Continued on page 252) APRIL 1946 251 Church Welfare conceptI am happyof hometo andbelongenduringto a peoplefamilywhoserelaveryprojectedsubstanceinto theof lifeour toheavencome andshall ourbe exthe lies entitled at to basis the altation, a been very have would of human he

I hereafter. the esteem of man's here long happiness place very and have summit onWe are(Continuedindebted tofromStephenpage 251)L Richards tionship if rethe felt that the history of the acclaim. In all Smith Prophet had Joseph and

of the Council of the Twelve for his never made any other contribution to the stored gospel of our Lord, no doctrine or sermon delivered in October conference world than the incomparably beautiful and practice has been so distinctive. It is

of 1944. Family solidarity was his subsatisfying principle of eternal marriage as largely because we have such faith and

ject. He said: the foundation of a good home, which, when confidence in the perpetuity of home and

family that we have built our elaborate and expensive structures—temples of God

wherein man and wife and children have been bound in an everlasting union transcending the limitations of mortal life.

For the past year or more in our 4-ofi< welfare meetings held in connection $222 with stake quarterly conferences throughout the Church, we have discussed with our stake presidencies and ward bishoprics and with our people, ways and means of bringing sons and daughters closer to their parents, of retaining between parents and children the love and affection natural to this eternal relationship. Although the temptations from outside for families to do

as the world does, and to argue as the world argues in support of their conduct are great, the work of the welfare committees has strengthened many families in their righteous desires to care for their own mothers and fathers without aid from outside sources. If

outside assistance is necessary, they should seek and accept the same from the Church.

7V review of our work during the past ** ten years would not be complete if reference were not made to the Church

Welfare Handbook of Instructions prepared for the guidance of welfare workers throughout the Church. On the

matter immediately under discussion,

AS MAN EATS weWardfind thebishops,followingpriesthood: officers, and

Relief Society workers are instructed to discourage elderly members considered AND DRINKS worthy of Church assistance.., who are

We believe that, in large measovering forsixtyfiveor acceptingyears"Oldof age,Age fromAssistance."applyure, as a man eats and drinks,

so is he. For food, nature has As an aid to the individual and the

given us fruits of the sun and family, the welfare plan teaches the soil. treasare priceless These frugality, economy. and of thrift, of habits ures, to health conducive us to keep admonishes It teaches and these, Besides mind. body and we need no stimulants. out of debt. We have frequently been

You who agree, will be interwarned against the burden of indebtedested in a delicious drink that ness, and of the difficulties of interest is made from grain and fruit. payments. Our people have always

And this delightful, wholesome been taught to save in times of plenty;

beverage contains no caffeine, to avoid spending for unnecessary narcotics. stimulants, or other to be in of plenty; times and luxuries

is to of millions 1 FICGO known salads life's our of necessities out for insured wit. Vitt 1 think sanely people about -b* who hard; times taste savings past grow when I - It of is drink. food and made ne unor wasteful extravagant to never be I every treeripened roasted barley and

California figs. It is a boon to der any circumstances; always to connon-coffee drinkers who admitserve and preserve our surpluses. Genif few, any, rightly, are there speaking, erally tedly, enjoy and a I

for recipes more their Easy -to -do drink hot with FREE! wholesome the necesfor provide cannot us of who I tasty Ij

'meals. Foods, write to Just Famous Durkee meals. can Wholesome FICGO life sities our for famof ourselves and

I California. Street, 2, Berkeley 2900 Fifth be freely as a recommended ilies. are us are none of There who

for healthful the drink whole all have our wants. to supply able We family.

always been taught to do what was

LEONARD H. BALLIF, President done in New England. President Calvin

California Ficgo Company Coolidge is credited with saying that

Los Angeles, California You Need the "ERA"to the following four things contributed greatly to the advancement of New keep on the beam England:

(Continued on page 254) 252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Product of INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER

FARMALL TRACTORS -"A,""B,""H"and "M"-and the great variety of McCormickDeering Farmall equipment add up to make the "Farmall System of Farming."Great things are coming in the Farmall

System—just as fast as we can produce them. Let your International

Harvester dealer know your needs. Keep in close touch with him.

is a problem for every individual The language of Agriculture changes year by year. Soil conservation

It is a working language that adjusts itself to the farmer. It is a duty, a problem, and a challenge for

coming of new methods, new operations, and new International Harvester.

machines. See your local SCS representative, the county agent,

These days every good farmer has need for words the vocational agricultural teacher, and your Interthat describe the control of erosion and the conservanational Harvester dealer for cooperation in your tion of soil—such words as farming on the contour.. terracing, contouring and stripcropping program.

terracing... stripcropping. They will help you make the most effective use of

Yes, America is learning a simple fact—we must your Farmall Tractor and your McCormickDeering

hang onto the thin layer of soil in which our prosperity Plows and Tillage Tools as weapons in the fight to is rooted. hold onto your productive soil.

Soil conservation is a duty of the nation, actively served through the state colleges and the Soil ConserINTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY vation Service of the U. S. Department of Agriculture. 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

Listen to "Harvest of Stars"Every Sunday, 2 p. m. Eastern Time! NBC Network

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER

APRIL 1946 253.

Church Welfare

(Continued from page 252) 1. Eat it up.

2. Wear it out.

3. Make it do.

4. Do without. Slumber Sound

Early in the history of the welfare plan, the families of the Church were even and yes, commanded, vision foresight and Quilting Batts warnedcounseled,to combine with thrift, frugality, and economy.

25% new wool, 75% staple orienEvery family was urged to save and tal cotton. 2 lb. size 72 x 90. Unistore as rapidly as possible a full year's

supply of food and clothing. This was

formly thick. No lumps, no thin in a time of plenty when there was a

ispots. Gleaming white. surplus of everything almost everywhere; when waste and extravagance

2-lb. 72 x 90 25% wool—75% oriental staple cotton $1.09 were the rule rather than the exception

throughout the world. The Latterday

2-lb. 72 x 90 100% wool $1.59 Saints were to be the exception. NeedMountain Mist Cotton for fancy quilts 1-lb. 3 oz. 81 x 96.... 79c less to say, those who heeded the warnings and accepted the foresight of our

inspired leaders, and there were many

MAIL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY who did, not only profited themselves, but indirectly helped others who were less obedient. fact, In the they helped BROADWAY MAIN AT generally their drawing by upon SaZuufftfuaAascteed CITY public LAKE SALT CCADC stored surplus in of plenty time own 4-7861 eitftxtt, -Hefner Jack"JEflKjr rather public than supplies, upon whose

shortage throughout the world called for more or less drastic rationing, of which we still have a remnant. We

were told above all to store wheat, along with other articles of food and

BRING YOUR BAKING andclothing.readilyWheatobtainable,was soandcheapthere thenwas GB0M METHODS UPTO-DATi thatsuch wea surplusheard ofofsomewheatinstancesin the worldof its

being used as fuel. Many doubted the

wisdom of storing such a plentiful commodity. set the Church The example TODAY'S BAKINGWAYS stored, in time of plenty, and and when irn#? is a homebaker's wheat being textbook... a book of burned was otherwise and

basic baking recipes... prepared in Huldestroyed, thousands of bushels of

man & Company's laboratorykitchens and wheat were being stored in our elevatested by experts. Use it to bring your tors. These elevators, you will rememfavorite baking recipes upto-date. ber, were built with welfare labor conYour name and address on a postcard tributed or given under the welfare mrMA&f will bring you this new baking guide plus program above outlined when unemployment a problem. was This wheat

Girl of the a Clabber Baking copy Book..

is stored in these elevators now for for both "Yours, better baking,"absolutely the use of the bishops the throughout

DURKEE'S Mayonnaise makes free. Church and to relieve our people in

as the Europe need arises. therefor ADDRESS

In addition to wheat, have produced we COMPANY better salads, tastier dressings... HULMAN&

gives new goodness to everyDept. T and stored other food supplies such

thing you use it with... because Terre Haute, Indiana/ M} as potatoes and dried and canned fruits

it's genuine mayonnaise, made andChurchvegetables.also urgedThe asPresidencyearly as of1937,the

with fresh eggs. when there was plenty, that we as in-

$EM\ dividuals each supply ourselves with extra shoes and clothes for emergency iMinql use.

'BookV We also have a flour mill to grind the wheat into flour and to produce feed for our poultry and livestock. Much Guaranteed by

Housekeeping fitoWNGrWsr5 Good \"wheat other and food products, as well irDIOIVK kg. J,'clothing, as are likewise ONE OF stored the on

DURKEE'S farms and in the homes of our people

FAMOUS throughout the Church. They have one fOODS CLABBER GIRL year's supply on hand. Now, when

there is an alarming scarcity of wheat in the world, we realize beyond doubt the inspiration, vision, foresight, and

SINCE 1857 No. 172A wisdom of our leaders in initiating this

great program ten years ago, when there was neither shortage nor dream of 254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church Welfare shortage in the world. We hope someof our wheat reaches our distressed CutMayingTime

and hungry brothers and sisters in

Europe. To this end we are now striving. How wonderful it is to be obedient!

The blessings that flow therefrom are innumerable. The beautiful words of

Paul immediately come to mind:

Though he were a Son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered;

And being made perfect he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him.

No Church activity ever called for greater faith and loyalty to the leaders of the Church, the servants of God, than has this program. From the

beginning of our work, as a general committee, we have proceeded only so far as we have been directed by the

Presidency of the Church.

Our leaders are men of God, inspired to lead us in the paths of righteousness, temporally and spiritually. Our greatall, lies in following afterest security,

in seeking the Lord with Speedy, LaborandLeaf-Savingtheir counsel and prayerfully in all things.

The general Church welfare committee celebrates its tenth anniversary this John Deere Hay Tools

April conference confronted with greatfaith, in the the loose greater constack, bale, hay hay or put greater you chop problems,er WHETHER get the faster quality job over of better hay and have to mow, you'll determination greaterfidence, and press on more loyally in the service of and easier when you own speedy, laborand leafsaving John Deere the Master than ever before. Hay Tools.

flying start is off the Deere with No. 5 Power to a John Haying

any 2 day. with acres per Working cutting 5 to 35 from make Mower

clean, lowcost tractor, the famous does a No. 5 of

years. the through Simple,job—givesdurable newand performance down mowerEvidences and easy to put on or take off the tractor, it's every inch a tractor mower.

Reconciliations safetyStrong,springwellbracedreleaseframeand slip... enclosedclutch on drivepowerrunningshaft into oilprotect...

against breakage... high, easy lift... caster wheel and hinged draw-

(Concluded from page 225) bar carriage to give maximum flexibility in all ground conditions...

man, the hidden energies of the whole accuratelyfitted, longlived cutting parts... these and

earth might be released. The earth then many other quality features combine to give you a

would be consumed by its own fearful better tractor mower for your money.

the haying builds equipment to meet Deere John be afire. would a conflagration Such

farmer. Learn about the full, moneyevery of needs process. cleansingcomplete at line your John making to rebuild again, the earth restore To dealer's. Deere

it from its own released energy, a creative process comparable to that which at first built the earth, must be em- "SpS|JS?

ployed. That of course is far beyond

human power. The explanations of

science point to the possibility of such events. Again science contributes to

faith.

Science contributes help in numerous corners of religion. The fields of pray-:::;:

er, eternity of man, the resurrection, Rake ThesavesJohntime,Deeremoney,Integrallabor,Sweepmovlife hereafter have been made clearer to ing hay from windrow to stack or press. the factsthe by human understanding

SideDelivery The John Deere progressof science. Indeed the especially designed of Rake, for borscientificknowledge by the method has deredhay withhayfields,minimumgetsleafallloss.the clean

faith. tobeen a handmaid

It is a fascinating activity to check John Deere the truth discovered by man against the - Moline, Illinois larger and more comprehensive truth which has come by revelation. No conflict will be found, if one uses only the

facts of science. Instead, a series of

confirmations of sound religious truth iTX lllagazme for the ofam will be discovered. Faith will largely

increase in such a study. So, the answer to this query is that THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

science does contribute, helpfully, to 12 Issues $2.00

religious A. W. faith.—/,

APRIL 1946 255 emi Ours ouTVagc

be able to cook in a few months some of your good directions) "This Is How WE Do It"readthe sayingsthem again,many andof themthe weadvisesknow,webutneedit issoalwaysmuch. goodI readto

I it is all also. say, articles great the churchmen of your accontribution for dollar will each one pay Era

interesting. The

to apin published column brand a and cepted new I especially of 1945 In November Era Improvement The is it for will work Church monthly pear hoped do which old the wise liked owl."of lesson retained the "wise and "A

Is In housewife. the "This for Hints"does "Handy what in less the the lived spoke, the he he oak, more an saw owl

tell the like us It"to about should you we Do How We all like less that can't heard, spoke, the be he he more we why officers teachas little and trade tricks the of which you It is at the beginning: bird."good. "knowledge"very And

efcapacity in ers found have whatever members and I I I thirty I at while knew, twenty and knew "At knew activity. in in experience fective Church your own.".. is too. instructive sure, etc. page wasn't "Homing"The

shortsuggest in to industry often urged are Employees till I the end. like beginning Then, the from your magazine

in should have methods; improvements cuts work and we delight of both too, Yvonne; the "prose Lulu and rhyme"made

exof in For ideas work. the Church exchange same it once. English to improve, heart at needs our learned by As

the in teacher of elemenone a Primary ample, know we it. is learn a to good way children time her supplying a groups hard tary had who Percherancier Marthe

until her friend told about drawings a cutouts and with a very simple duplicating process—an inexpensive hecto- -<*>-

graph consisting of nothing more than a gelatin plate preparation thinks of ink. lesson right the kind She and

limitless: ideas is of lot range of fun now. a The "How Now Pointless

in School,"order improved Sunday we con- "How we "I hear and he left boarder and an argument, you had your tract,"fair,"to best duct ward "The a way "How liked him around."to have thought you we your house—I

teaching,"percent effect hundred ward one we "How "I points."that said had his he

forth. contribuchoir,"Limit so and a your developed "Well—"

less, of or tions to paragraphs hundred and words two is "Rationing over."

send to Ideas Editor, The Improvement Era, 50 North

Street, Salt to sign 1, Utah. Don't forget Lake City Main

mention or branch and in which the ward you Judgment Deferred your name live. "Was your uncle vigorous and sane to the last?"

"I don't know—the will won't be read till tomorrow."

Twentythree months in a German prison camp is a long There Came A Day time, but one of its brighter aspects, as 1st Lt. Eldon M.

Tolman discovered, was the amount of back pay that had "Poor man! He was ruined by untold wealth."

meanwhile accumulated. Home in Lovell, Wyoming, Lt. Tol- "Untold wealth?"

man brought his tithing record up to date. He is shown here "Yes, he didn't tell about it on his income tax return."

receiving his receipt for eight hundred dollars from Bishop

Symphony "How do you get domestic harmony in your home?"

BISHOP "By playing second fiddle."

FRANK H.

BROWN AND Appropriate Send Off LT. FIRST five dollars for those to contribute I ask wish who "When M. ELDON

this charity, to up, to stand play a you'd I wish have the band TOLMAN little appropriate music."

do you mean appropriate "What "Banner.'"music?"'The Star Spangled

Reason

"A! sure acts hardboiled lately."

"Well, he ought to be—that boss of his has kept him in hot

water for two months."

Frank H. Brown of Lovell Ward, Big Horn Stake. Shot down

over Hamburg in July 1943, Lt. Tolman was able to meet in Strictly As Represented

regular study classes with sixteen other Latterday Saint flyers throughout his internment. His mother, Mrs. Effie Tolman, a "I demand a refund on this suit of clothes. I've only worn

widow, had two other sons in the service, Charles F. and Robert it a month and already it looks rusty."

S. Tolman. Eldon is supervisor of a deacons'quorum. "Well, didn't we guarantee that it would wear like iron?"

Simple Deductions Excerpt of a Letter from a NonChurch Member "See here, sir!"growled the income tax checker, "your blank

in Nice, France says that you're supporting two wives. That's bigamy."

just got married."There is one thing I shall always be pleased to receive, it "Oh, no. My son

is your Improvement Era. I really read it with a great

interest. I like it very much. It speaks of all sorts of things Wrong Direction

not only religious but informative, too. I never forget to read

the first page "Exploring the Universe,"then poetry, the ex- "I hear you are speculating in wheat."

planation of the cover, even the Cook's Corner (I'm hoping to "I was, but never again! The market went against my grain!"

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA / V

tool Crib at Robison Machinery Co.

This is a partial view of the special tool crib Many of the tools and fixtures that save in the service shop of Robison Machinery Co. time in rebuilding "Caterpillar"machines

Here there has been accumulated the many have been designed by the mechanics in the special tools that permit work on "Cater* shop. No effort has been spared to insure

pillar"machines to be done with the greatest "Caterpillar"owners of the best possible precision and in the least time. Here, too, workmanship at the lowest cost. Our shop

are precision gauges of many types that motto: "Almost right—-is wrong."

insure precision parts being accurately and Yes, your investment in equipment is pro* correctly installed in "Caterpillar"machines. tected when you buy from Robison Machin-

A tool room attendant keeps all tools and ery Co. We provide service for everything

gauges in top working condition at all times. we sell!

MACHINERY CO.

245 WEST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH j "-*-**'-1ROBISO-"---- ----- -------------- -, ---- ---.-..- -.--.-.,.-..v-.'.-.-r.-.-y- >'>- --j-j-.-j-j--

Industrial Tractors Engines and T E RPI DIESELC A LLAR

EQUIPMENT ENGINES MOTOR GRADERS EARTHMOVING TRACTORS - Loaders Cranes Plows* Brooms Mowers

M.I.I.PIW.'.'II, VV, 7,, 'l V-V-V""

'j.-..-.:-.;, *VVV.. i -......: -.....,...:...-y!-v.y.y., l i-.,rf-.-'..rv.;f,v, '': ] fi>;..,;-Snow

. "......'..';: '":::

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

"t Sllilil!l!!!l!l!llltl!!llllliiIllS 111

r If I L J A\ Earth and sky are vibrant with promise.

But in many places there will come drouth, cold wind, flood or fire—to

prevent fulfillment.

And into many lives will come misfortune and sorrow... blighting the

hopes of earlier years. Now—while

you have the opportunity—guard

against the tragedy of want by carrying adequate life insurance.

lllilil!IIIIIIIIllllllllll!l!lil(IIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIi!lif

msMimmrn'm

mmjkMmmfrSA oaiam?

Sift late -City, Utk