DECEMBER, 1930 I Vol. 34 No. 2

RETUftN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

Music is Everywhere By OSBOURNE McCONATHY

&e&3

The HandMe-Down Baby By RUTH M. MARSHALL

Cactus Blooms

By HARRISON R. MERRILL

e*&&

The Blue Spruce By IVY WILLIAMS STONE

CHRISTMAS MORNING

.

iMiyrivaYuYoiiNi.x wrwwmwwwwmwmm r*wwWAw

-- a

?"::-:—'i 'iz*i?-'"'s*w;; r.'/.-'

a S:&

/U,

SSS

Let Chickens Buy Your Home and Life's Income

ITH the completion of our first twentyfive "Home and Income Units"and with 50,000 select pullets now in production the soundness of our plan is being attested by scores of visitors every day.

Our second project of 1 6 units is all sold and we are now offering our third subdivision consisting of 50 acres situated in the choicest part of Midvale. The blue prints are now ready

and you should make your selection at once.

A large egg grading plant is being rushed to completion and our mammoth brooding plant with a capacity of 40,000 chicks every month will be ready to receive the first consignment in December.

If you are interested in acquiring a modern home embracing a life's income in Utah's most favored location, write for detailed information or beter still, come and see the evidence of the only thing of its kind and the most practical and finest thing of its kind in America.

Midvale Home Finance Corporation MIDVALE, UTAH

3Sfe&- JE8—'X'

m H rrfiTTiPrTRTHT'hfT r 5fei The Improvement Era for December, 1930 65

FOR ECA8T WILL get ready and then perThe I improvenue mit Era haps my opportunity will come."

These words of Lincoln's are used Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley

as an introduction to an article Business Manager Associate Business Manager under the title of "The Essentials George Q. Morris

of Public Speaking,"by Dr. AnRachel Grant Taylor

thony F. Blanks, of the UniverChairmen Era and Publicity

sity of California. In no community in the world is there greater Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement

need of a knowledge of the rules Associations and the Department of Education of the Church governing public speaking, for in of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints no other community is such a large percentage of the people called upon, often without previous notice, CONTENTS ariseto their thoughts. and express

article will be a valuable adEditorials-—Title PageThis

dition to our literature on the subLife's Sweetest Story; If More Would Do It Hugh J. Cannon 67

ject. To Give and to Receive Elsie T. Brandley 68

&*&&*- The HandMe-Down Baby—A Short Story Ruth M. Marshall 69

Evening—A Poem Ruth B. Musser 72\T7ERE the cataclysmal events Star of

described in the Book of A Gold Star Pilgrimage Ada B. Hinckley 73

Mormon actual occurrences, or did Poetry 76 they merely exist in the imagina- A Legend Grace McKinstry tive brain of some modern dreamTo My Mother Gladys Hendcickson

The Party Ardyth M. Kennelly

Estelleer? I. B. Ball, of the University Fancy Webb Thomas

of California, discusses this subject God Must Love the Autumn Edith Cherrington very entertainingly. He has spent A Gray Day Grace Ingles Frosf

a vast amount of time in research I Would Not Part the Curtains Ida R. Alldcedge

work along this line, and is kind Cactus Blooms—A Short Story Prof. Harrison R. Merrill 77enough to give Era readers the

benefit of his findings. Foods for Health Adah R. Naylor 81

Who Sent Santa Claus—A Short Story Grant Align Caproni 82

A Christmas Message—A Poem Weston N. Nordgren 83

AN article of absorbing inMusic Is Everywhere Osbourne McConathy 86 terest to writers will appear in our next number. The possibilities Expatriation (Chapter Five)...Hugh J. Cannon 88

of this Church as a field for the Merry Christmas Friend—A Poem Blanche Robbins 90

story writer has long been recogStory Blanche Kendall McKey 92nized. Comparatively few people The Daughter of a Fool—Short

get through this life without hav- A Prayer at Christmas—A Poem Nona H. Brown 94

ing felt the to urge put their A Really Merry Christmas—A Short Story Margaret C. Moloney 96 paper.thoughts on Those whohave responded to this impulse, The Blue Spruce—A Short Story, Ivy Williams Stone 97

though their work may never have Christmas Prayer—-A Poem R. J. C. 100

appeared in print, have been comProf. Harrison R. Merrill 102pensated for their effort in the joy It's Christmas Eve—A Poem

of having created something. This Blessings Follow the Era 103

article will stimulate our young Mutual Work people, and also the older ones to Executive Department 104 earnest endeavor along this line. Adult Department 106

Gleaner Girls Department 106 Beehive Girls Department 106 "V/fANY volumes have been writReport of Accomplishment 107 ten and innumerable sermons delivered on the subject of faith,

Office, at the Entered Salt City, Post Utah, as secondclass Lake matter. yet little aboutand we know very special rate at for mailing Acceptance postage of provided for in section 1 103 principle.this P. fundamental October, authorized 2, Act of 1918. July 1917,

Joseph Jensen, of the Church HisManuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are contorian's Office, has prepared a sidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

thoughtprovoking article entitled requested, will be destroyed.

the "Psychology of Faith"which Published monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

we shall be glad to present to our $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

readers. 66 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

Gift A to Liht the Way

HILE the world is in its present quandry,W,and economic conditions unsettled, why not make your Yuletide offerings practical. And what is more practical than a year's

subscription to the Improvement Era, each issue of which will take encouragement, entertaining information, inspiration and general spiritual uplift into the homes of your married children, or other relatives or friends, as the case may be. 'Tis a gift

to light the way and give guidance to families and individuals; in times of trouble or calm—hardship or

gift retains Christmas joy throughout plenty—and the

the year. (T5he Improvement Eva

for children it to your only the outstanding the Era—the magazine—and

are articles stones single and Christmas. readgeneral the yourself—giveMany Church be on magazine—shouldChurch price. subscription year's than the worth more ing table It Latterday of every Saint home.

is easy to find "something"to read these days Write in the blanks provided at the bottom of this there are myriads of publications, many of them page, the names and addresses of those you desire gift, send to this receive and joyous Christmas sold at unbelievably the moral to low prices—but to will attach remittance, the is Era with and we quality Saint standardsnot up to Latterday

it surely isn't the kind you would have influencing the first copy a beautiful card, wishing them a the lives of your children. "Merry Christmas"from you.

Encourage your family to read the Era. Read

lllitlliijliiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiij Subscription $2 a Year

Please send the Improvement Era for Christmas to | the following: Send to

406 Church Office Building | ($ enclosed) I Salt Lake City, Utah

1 1 1

| Merry Christmas From: 1

| (Your Name) 1

| (Address). 1

iiiiiiiiuiiniiiunuiiiiitHiMiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiimniiiiiiriiiiiiiiiiniiniiiHimiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiMiitiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiic

EDITORIALHugh J. Cannon Heber J. Grant Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Editor Associate Editor

Life's Sweetest Story endeavorwill live into accordanceget others towithdo thelikewise.law themselvesHe proposesand

also to secure this pledge from at least one hundred

JF ever humans are able to love their enemies, it is prominent citizens of Utah and from one hundred under the mellowing influence of the Christmas eminent educators, statesmen and scientists of the spirit. Innumerable sermons will be delivered during nation.

this season in which love for mankind is urged. That He was encouraged to begin this undertaking by a

is commendable, but need for a more concentrated statement that if one hundred of the leading citizens brand of affection -is often painfully apparent. of Salt Lake City would live in accordance with the

Men sincerely love their wives and children, and law, and endeavor to persuade others to do so, much yet if a stranger should address them in the tone of our trouble with prohibition would be.over.

which the husband sometimes uses, his anger would Dr. Lyman announced publicly at our General

be aroused to a dangerous pitch. Now that his comConference that he would not knowingly cast his

panion has given herself to him, he at times speaks vote for any man for any office who does not himharshly and often neglects to express his love in self observe the law. He prepared questions which

words, as he was so eager to do in the enchanting were submitted to all candidates for office on all the days of courtship. tickets in Salt Lake County.

And does the wife, too, forget to voice her tender On jhis questionnaire were two quotations from feelings for him? Abraham Lincoln:

Without becoming morbid, married people might if they "Bad laws, exist,-—shouldprofitably sooner remember: the other or or later one

still, they while continue in beforce—theyrepealed asshouldsoon beaswill follow the cherished the to companion cempossible;religiously observed."

etery. Then recollection of unkind words will "Let every American swear by the blood of the 'Revolution

scorch the mourner's heart. never to violate in the least particular the laws of the country,

Parents jwho express love for their children will be and never to tolerate their violation by others."

well repaid, as will children also who tell parents Dr. Lyman draws attention to the fact that everyof their devotion. In a recent missionary meeting,

a young.elder said: official is required solemnly to swear that he will support, obey and defend the Constitution of the United

"As a small lad I heard it suggested that children should tell States and of the State of Utah and that he will disit. their I daily parents love try to that they them. decided the charge duties of his office with fidelity. manThe result it delightful, I continued until a and became wasThe

sale, ufacture, distributing, giving away, or servinghabit. at parents, to vexed,when Sometimes bed I went my

without doing so, but it was like going to bed without praying, of liquor in Utah is by State law "forever proand usually I got up, went to their room, and told them I did hibited."

love them anyway."We quote further from his questionnaire: "Will

if object serve one any a little we this champagne on this days after A few meeting, President Grant occasion?"a Salt asked business Lake of a group man

like,this:cabled something his associates. of of those replied: present One "Notify—his mother just died.""Since I am trying to live in accordance with the instructions

The news was broken as gently as possible. Then of Abraham Lincoln and to follow the example of the Presithe mission president said, "That you told your dent of the United States and his good wife who have publicly

that they will participate in not function, social any so often of lovemother your must be very comfortannouncedor otherwise, is the I where law shall broken, ask to be excused that she is gone."ing to you now if from this meeting are going you to serve champagne."

The boy shed tears as he expressed his gratitude for the frequent manifestations of his affection. The champagne was not served.

A world of truth is in the words of the old song: Two of the questions Dr. Lyman propounded to

"Tell me that you love me, for that's the sweetest aspirants for office are:

story ever told."1. Do you promise to live in accordance with the

-flCB* law, including that of prohibition?

2. Do you promise to refuse to participate in any

If More Would Do It social or other function where the law is broken?

Voters have the right to know whether or not the

VJlTE understand that Richard R. Lyman, of the men who are asking for their support are standing

Council of the Twelve and First Assistant for law and order. If they are inclined to be someGeneral Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A., has what indifferent, it will strengthen their backbones

undertaken to secure pledges from at least one hunto know that reputable citizens will demand from dred leading business men in Salt Lake City that they them an accounting.

68 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

To Give and to Receive

HPHE year, from its very beginning, looks toward history, for the. great characters of the ages have come -*- Christmas. Occasions are dated as being 'before'down to us in record of just such achievement—the

or 'soon after'Christmas, and all during the fall eyes subjection of personal ambition to a cause. Socrates,

all the Man of Naare open to discover new and unusual gifts for Aunt Joan of Arc, Lincoln—and above

heart andJane, Cousin Sue and the friend who surprised us zareth himself—have had the education of

last year with that delightfully unexpected desk set. soul which raises one person above another. It is the

When the great day actually comes into sight, preponly mark of true aristocracy. He who gives at Christarations become more active. Plans and secrets are mas, or any other time, with love in his heart, and he

made with feverish intensity and the minds of the who receives with joy and love returned, are those practical, thrifty people of earth appear to weaken. who have learned well the lessons of the course in huAs they enter shopsful of beautiful trinkets, the sane manity.

idea of a set of hot dish holders for Mother and house The time to learn these methods, to acquire such slippers for Dad suddenly retires into a corner of the education, is not alone in December, with snow on brain where unused ideas belong, and Mother's gift the.ground and holly wreaths in all the windows;

turns out to be a mother of pearl corsage bouquet, neither is it jn any other specific season of the year, while Dad's carpet slippers.are, supplanted by a set with particular reasons for happiness and generosity

of tortoise -backed brushes, fitted beautifully into a attendant. It is every hour of every day of the year,

traveling case which he might use once a decade for for no matter how busy we are with manufacturing, the remainder of his life. The very air of the shopselling, typing or scrubbing, there is one avenue of

ping section is enchantment itself, and one who surthe brain, and all of the heart, free for learning lessons renders oneself to the effect of it must expect to be unrelated to business routine, and untouched by the carried away in its witchery. Windows full of toys scrubbing brush. The thought of a kindness done, or

and tinsel; aisles running over with enticing, hollywaiting to be done; the memory of a bit of cloud or a

bedecked articles; streets jammed with laughing, tired flash of color; the hope of putting a ray of sunshine

shoppers, weary under their delightful burden of into the life of one less fortunate than we—these are

ribbontied bundles! the daily lessons which fit into other concerns to the

Warmth, lights, pinefragrance of trees waiting to benefit of all and the detriment of none.

be carried home; friendliness, laughter, goodwill At Christmas time, particularly, material values

and color! Why should not the earth be merry? are so meager in comparison with the intangible ones

as as consider indications, need that only them we is ability the gifts of life beautiful the of most One river's the expressions primrose them. brim by of A a year trouble once care aside cast and to peopleof it is until sent a a in primrose be yellow only may celebration; in worldwide a great, together joinand it flowers, loves to pot one yellow when some who those mingle with distinction class, and forgetto a cheer; jewel.message a great of of love becomes and

in a goodhu- poorer those much richer andmuch is real afdegree of to the according value of worth let busito counter; toy the jostle overmored it carries respect, fection, repentance or goodwill

a short rest for justice society politics, andness and it, as carry rose could a with and are there; glad. who to be much—perhaps time take Many toseason is a there of fragrance quality there because more the even divinity, some and the disbelieve toclaim line, this captured. RichDr. be Along cannot which join they yet even Nazarene, lowly the (ofexistence, precious a against grudge has says that ard he Cabot season festivities the of in the glad abandonwith enjoyed cost stones so be can because they and much to gifts send to for seek birth. his They honorwhich the are beautiful than few, while so none more by

gifts from brought the of friends, tokens andfamily streams. crystals, of sun sparkle and on and snow dew that on myrrh and frankincense gold of andafar,

first Christmas, long, long ago. "Daily jewels,"he says, "are violin notes, cool water on a

face, at notes swift thrush laughter, lights hot in dawn, eyes giving of and recustom Christmas the To make * * * street, breaking the into or waves white foam. on The be be, it there can must thing glorious theceiving

a forgotten brings thrush of emotions. song and up memories be it, there just as must precede toeducation * * * jewellike sustain rrroment can long through hours One

training for leadership, dentistry and engineering, if of dullness. A shining moment centers the meaning of a whole

the work ahead is to be accomplished successfully. month, as a single cadence dominates the development of an

Christmasschooling is not, of course, the same sort as entire symphony."

is dental, any more than training along electrical lines enables one to qualify as a physician. There must Through the budding spring, the blossoming sumbe specific, applicable study, in which must be commer, the ripening and glowing autumn, and the inbined analysis, appreciation, selfcriticism and detervigorating, whiterobed winter, gifts of true worthmination to separate values and rearrange them into are everywhere. To learn to see them every day—the

their proper grooves. It is an education of the spirit, gifts of human friendliness and the gifts of nature'sand has in it a bit of mathematics, for the underGod—is to learn to celebrate Christmas in reality.

standing of the giver's feelings must be added to the Not on one day alone, but all the time, can the Christgift itself, all disagreements be subtracted from the mas spirit penetrate and enrich life with the joy sumtotal, the result multiplied by the possibilities which is incalculable in terms of tangible gifts. In

for deepened friendship, and the product indivisible return to the Giver of all gifts may we give appreciaby jealousy or selfishness on the part of the giver or tion, proven in hours of fine and purposeful living, the recipient; there is geography in it, for every corner and directed toward ends of which He would be

of the globe is penetrable by such education; there is proud. E. T. B.

THE IMPROVEMENTEE ERA

The HandMe-Down q3y* RUTH M. MARSHALL Baby

lighted by a shaded floor lamp, could run down for you. It's

to which was added the glow of a too far to walk from the tram in cozy grate fire. this snow."

The muffled figure outside paused and gazed longingly at the picture. A young man, evidently J3Y this time they were

the husband and father, joined the in the dainty diningroom where house was a little group inside, and as he and silver and china for two had been T,HEcottage with a the mother looked adoringly at the laid on the green and cream table.quaint English

background of straight, dark infant, Anne's gloved hands went The house was warm, and delicious pines. Against thus dusky setting impulsively to her heart and she odors of baking apples and brownthe gray of the walls and bluemurmured, "Oh, how heavenly!"ing steak crept through it. Anne

green of the roof stood out with sat down in an easy chair and held charming, softened clearness. up a well formed little foot toThough the little cottage faced one t)HE stood looking at ward her husband. He knelt to

of the city's newest boulevards, the picture until she feared the atremove her galoshes and she kissed it seemed to have graced that bit tention of the man and woman lightly his black hair. He repeated

of land for at least two hundred might be attracted to her, then his former question.

years. walked reluctantly toward the "Why didn't you phone me?"

"I'm disappointed,"Anne lonely cottage. Only in a rear "I did a little shopping, andBlaine, hardly more than a girl, room was there a light. then—oh, well, Jimmy, you

trudging along the snowy walk At the sound of her key being wouldn't understand."

toward the house, said half aloud. fitted clumsily by half frozen He looked at her curiously.

"I thought I'd be home in time hands into an elusive keyhole, There was more than a slight trace today to see the sunshine and frost hurrying steps were heard inside, of tenderness in his voice as he make cut glass punch bowls of out A switch clicked. Suddenly the asked, "What's the trouble,

windows."dark house took its rightful place Anne?"

among its neighbors, for from She buried her face on his shoulevery window a shaft of soft light der. "I saw a girl buying some

H<LOWEVER, the sunturned the falling snow to silver. baby things, and my feelings went

light had departed and was folJames Randolph Blaine, rising on the rampage again."Then as

lowed by a heavy snow; even the young architect and Anne's hus- a stern look came over her husgray twilight had deepened about band, threw open the. door. Minus band's face, she hastened to say,

the little house, leaving with it his coat and vest, but plus a yellow "But I'll snap out of it, dear, so an air of oppressive loneliness. The ruffled apron, he gave unmistakable don't worry. There'll be no

neighboring buildings were becomevidence of having been engaged scene."

ing but misty blurs, relieved by in the kitchen.

squares of light from occasional "Thanks, Jimmy, for letting windows where the shades had not me in. I'm frozen."Anne raised J.HM'S face became more

been drawn. Into one of these her lips, and not in vain, for an serene. "Of course there won't,

windows a young mother stepped, affectionate kiss. but you'd be a good deal better

with her babe pressed close to her "Why the dickens didn't you off, Anne, if you'd forget about breast. The room was but dimly phone me? I left the car out so I such things. We're getting along

70 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

beautifully now. You're making a diet. We've had such a busy band, again in the dainty yellow

good at your career, and so am I day. Mrs. Dwight finally decided apron, but realized it would not be

at mine. Why not be satisfied?"to part with her machinecarved wise. She knew that few men,

Fresh odors came from the whatnot and the shells her daugheven husbands still very much in kitchen. ter sent her from Catalina. Her love, like to be laughed at. So

"It's an appetizing smell, Jimhouse is really lovely now. I've she took the teatowel from its

my. had some delightful compliments drawer and rinsed and dried the

"I strive to please."The man from her friends, and it's quite dishes as Jim washed them.

rushed for the othWhen the kitcher room. "I forgot en was shining

about the steak,"again, they went he said to his wife into the livingwho had followed room where the him. "Sit down blazing fire on the

again for a minute hearth hissed as an or two. I never occasional stray

like to start anysnow-flake was thing I can't finlost down the ish."chimney. Anne,

Anne resumed curled up in a her easy chair and deep, gray chair, wondered how her was soon asleep husband, so symwith a sketch pad pathetic and tender on her knee. Beon every other fore losing consubject in which sciousness she was

she was interested aware that Jim could he so indifwas looking at her ferent about a bawith intent and by. When they tender eyes.

were first married it had been otherwise. He, with Even in

her, had anticithe midst of her pated the joy dozing she tried to which comes with analyze Jim's adan offspring, but vice that they as time went on should be satisfied with less and less with the many prospect of such a comforts which thing, and she had surrounded them s o r el y grieved instead of longing about it, his attifor the impossible.

tude had changed. She was rapidly

At first she had gaining recognithought it was out tion in the work o f consideration which she loved, for her, that he "Into one of the windows a young mother stepped"as was Jim also.

wanted to make They had more her sorrow less poignant, but as a feather in your wife's professionthan enough for all their needs, time passed she had been forced al cap. and usually she was happy and

to the conclusion that he really I'm glad. You've worked tercarefree as a child. But for all

was glad they did not have any ribly hard at it."Jim was busy her childishness, she possessed

serving the steak and trimmings. a motherly little heart, and

The meal furnished convincing evmotherhood, the thing she wantthis idence that architecture was not ed more than all else, it seemed BUT even with apparent flaw in his character he the only thing in which he was was never to be hers. Jim,

was a dear, she thought, and beproficient, though as affectionate as a man tween them they had made a beaucould be, seldom noticed children tiful home, resembling them both, any more and did not like to touched by was A.NNE every dainty. yetstrong and On in mentioned subject the have solicitude. "Sit husband's her her to something matchhand was the night Just presence. his

rest, tired out. you're and down hair, red curling cut, roundclose youngster Duane's before, Tom clearing share of the your HI do skin which the ivory eyesgray and the with howled next had door

- a he In he moment UP-"locks. Titianso often with s?ld deeper goes'colic burrowed had and Jim in soap water and swishing; was,; T.

All set milady Jim anthe dish in his blankets, apparently thanknounced. Are you hungry? Anne iongecj to iaugh at the ful that such distracting joys were

"As hungry as a plump lady on sight of her big. blackhaired husnot for him.

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 71

mother who has a perTfHE next night as fect baby and finds him

Anne was leaving the office, she a decided handicap to met Dr. Osborne, her father's lifewhat she thinks is a

long friend. He greeted her as good time."

her father would have done. "She doesn't want a

'You're looking well, young baby that is her own?"

lady."Anne was incredulous.

"I am well. You'll never have "Will she give him

an income tax to pay because of away?"Even as she

my poor health,"laughed Anne. spoke Anne realized into

"Still making new houses out what trouble her impulof old ones?"sive red head was leading

'Yes, and in doing it I'm makher. Here was a mother

ing a great reputation for myself."with a baby that was not

Then her voice became troubled. wanted, and here was

"But I've reached the divide every Anne who wanted a baby married working woman must as a starving person come to sooner or later, I guess. wants food.

I want my work and I want my "The mother asked me home, and I can't have both."to look for a home for

"You have had both so far, him."

Anne.""Please give him to

"In a way, yes, but only beme,"Anne's eyes were cause Jim does more than his share. shining, and she was

We can afford to pay a good housetrembling with excitekeeper, but when we tried that ment.

it seemed to be more her house "Why, Anne, I hadn't than mine."thought of that. Will

"Well, that's not a medical Jim want him?"

problem, and I'll not attempt to "Maybe not. But I

solve it. Come with me and I'll do, more than I want

drive you home. I have a call anything else in the

to make out in your direction."world, and I'm not going "James Randall Blaine threw open the door"

to ask Jim."

a promising father think, His was his the led to way Hi.E the before died chap young who really a "It's car. shameparked kind old doctor HE a mother, born. was The baby T children, Anne. can'tthat have you a strong, put around arm warm is girl, frivolous somewhat now settled your have wouldTwins girl excited act the tender The into and getting company badtrouble permanently."for she her too was and much child. She the have not should wistful. smile Anne's was a heartache her out sobbed on after her to husto go had work is strange sometimes,""Life that used bearing shoulder to was left the death band's baby and thoughtfully. doctor thecontinued others. the of burdens care relatives can not with who can't children have and want"You car the before up drew longer, The any and now, for him left a just, I'vethem, and young

Httle after cottage, a English herthe and rather burden than assume few soothing words the idoctor self, she is willing to give him started to drive away. up.

"Wait a minute!"shrieked

Anne. at The brakes screamed and the A.NNE, astonished

big car skidded as it came to a her own boldness in agreeing to sudden halt. take the "handme-down"baby,

Anne ran to the door. "Is my subdued her rising fears. "I'll see

baby a boy or a girl?"him tomorrow, and don't you dare

"Good heavens! I thought I'd give him to anyone else."

run over you. It's a boy with hair "Don't worry. I'd rather see

the color of yours. They haven't you and Jim have him than anytaken the trouble to name him yet, one else in the world."

just called him Buddy. So you That night was a sleepless one

can name him James, Jr., or anyfor the prospective mother. Jim,

thing else you want. It's just she knew, would be glad to let

like going into a store and buying her keep the baby, but he must a ready made, handme-down suit love little Jimmy too, and the reof clothes."collection of his coldness on the

"How old is he?"subject of children made the chills

"Plenty old enough to be run up and down her back.

Anne named, about a year, I should She finally fell asleep through 72 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

weariness and head.gold dreamed of a redBi>UT, though she might butTiredlittleeyes duringrevealedthethepaststrainweek.she baby

Any doubts of her own love shed tears, Anne was not one to had been under.

were buried in a deep grave when relinquish a determination once it "I'm all right."She laughed

she went with Dr. Osborne to see had been decided upon, and therenervously. "Oh Jim, I'm afraid

the baby. He was an attractive fore she planned to bring her baby you won't like your present."

cherubic child with thick golden home on Christmas eve. It was "But haven't I always liked my

ringlets covering a lovely little presents? Why should this one be

head, deep wondering blue eyes and an exception?"

hands like unfolding pink hollyStar of Evening, "But it is so very different from hocks. Young Jimmy laughed at the others, Jimmy dear."

it. luminous, and and calm "Well, big stop about bestowed worrying moist andAnne CLEAR

white.kisses her. like surprises."her I always did upon He pulled

Set deep in the of robe soft, dark a soon thing wiggledhair, and good you still his plump "And it's night, little self deep into her heart. Anne The Evening Star tike a jewel like them."Anne could not helpheld him so tightly that he cried, gleams—smiling as she thought of what

and she delightedly kissed him into Waking old memories, halfdead a great surprise was in store for calm content again. Of dreamsa Star o'er Bethlehem. him. "How can you stand to give After he had gone she slumped

him up?"she asked the mother. With a cool, sweet breath from into a beautifully finished Windsor

There was rather frank contempt realms above chair and held her aching head in her hands. "Oh, what a dayin Anne's voice. The ofwindloveof night fans the Star

The blue eyes, so like the As it trails a glory through the we have before us, young Jimmy."baby's, clouded with tears for a skies—

second. "Oh, I'll miss him. He's A glory such as once filled the eyessweet as he can be and so cute, Of Mary at Bethlehem. WiHEN the new father,

but I don't know how to take care Its celestial beauty has.humbled me blissfully unconscious of his parof him, and I don't want to learn."The radiant glow of its purity enthood, reached home that night

So Jimmy was to be ready for Has filled my soul with a holy the baby was safely hidden in the in dressed guestroom. awe—was Annehis new home in one week. Like crepe frock, the very Star the Wise Men her best green and the

saw As they came to Bethlehem. table was set with violets in a

A,-FTER leaving the silver bowl and periwinkle blue fire, in virgin sinks of a flame candles lovely candlesticks. in The little flatcheap that reeked gin It of

heart deof Purging all weak my violets lacked the fragrance of rest the spentand smoke, Anne sire, of the afternoon and several weeks'Stripping my soul and leaving it those that would grow in the salary in the baby's department of bare garden of the little cottage when everything a wordless but Of prayer the spring came.her favorite shop. She bought

Bethlehem. of the Babe To dinner The was made up of blue,pink, yellow green and

rompers, slippers and stockings and O God, send thy breath that puriJim's favorite dishes. Anne knew,

small fleecy sleepers. Then she went fies after five years of married life,

veil blinded the rend our that from shocks To be presentnot must restless night. to anotherhome

eyes, to until after ed husbands they dinner After snuggled Anne their of grime our minds To sweep fed. well at that, been had Even as close to before they sat Jim dust, and

the fire. To cleanse our hearts of their soryoung Jimmy would be a shock

did lust; to the best fed men. "Dearest, wouldn't you be hapour souls from thy throne And light feel you better, honey?""Do pier had children?"She if we afar

waited for the answer with a That we may be worthy to see thy Jim asked solicitously.

swiftly beating heart. Star. 'Yes, I'm all right now. Aren't

B. Musser. you hungry?""Why, Anne, you know I like—Ruth

I am, and I smell youngsters well enough, but there "You bet are a lot of advantages in not soup like mother never made."

having them. It's much easier for with serious misgivings that she Dinner was well under way

us to get out, and then there's awoke on the morning of that when an unmistakable gurgle came our work."eventful day. from the bedroom. Anne looked

"But you would like one if we The world was glorious with at Jim in alarm, but he hadn't had it, wouldn't you?"feathery white snow which made heard the sound.

roast carving the like when little was a picture He the cottage look

I would "Anne, you know how this repeated, time the sound was card. Christmas an old on

like a think mustn't baby, but you louder. and paused Jim much "it's eight called Jim, "Anne,"It it a does so much.about you noisily slapped heart Anne's you'll to o'clock; hurry."have lot of good. Can't and no harm ribs. against her office the to not going "I'm for a that find dream you new

old one?"Jim took the troubled today.""What was that?"

girl in his arms and kissed her "Are you ill?"Jim's voice in- "What do you mean?"Anne's

bright hair, while she sobbed fordicated deep concern, and it eased questioning eyes were big and allornly on his shoulder. He did Anne's pain slightly. Her mirror most too innocent.

not want a baby and probably showed that she really did not "Sounded like a baby."

never would, she concluded. look very well, for she had slept [Continued on page 114]

Mrs. Hinckley is Second Woman From Left, Second Row

The Gold Star Pilgrimage

one of the sad results of By switched to the Erie train and the Great War the bodiesAS B. HINCKLEY York,taken straightthus avoidingthroughtheto inconNew heroes ADA of American 36,151

lie in Europe. Of this number venience and discomfort of chang32,201 are buried in European ing trains. This shows the conto these given that was to go from sideration '"THE womencemeteries, lie undiscovered 3,950

Salt ride between women. The B. Ridges Mrs. Ella 1 Utahfirstwerein the fields of France. and forests

Of the men buried in cemeteries and Mrs. Viola V. Madsen. The Lake and New York was not the

104 are from Utah. second group, the largest sent from most delightful owing to the inBy an Act of Congress passed Utah during the season, left Salt tense heat prevailing over the conMarch 2, 1929, an appropriation Lake July 1 8 and was made up tinent at that time; but much of

was made to send, during the sumof the following fifteen women, the unpleasantness was forgotten mer months of the years 193033, twelve of whom occupied one car in the associations on the train.

the mothers and widows of Amerof the Union Pacific System: Mrs. These were women who had seen

ican soldiers buried over seas, on a Euphemia Barlow, Mrs. James sorrow and gone through the tribpilgrimage to European cemeteries. Blundell, Mrs. Mary A. Brandley, ulations of a great War, but time

Consequently since May, 1930, Mrs. Laura C. Draper, Mrs. Bryhad healed their hearts and they

groups of women have gone at ant S. Hinckley, Mrs. Beulah W. had emerged from these hard exfrequent intervals, so that during Hinckley, Mrs. Susan D. Humphperiences free from bitterness, cherthis season 3,971 Gold Star wories, Mrs. Florence W. Hanning, ishing only the hallowed memory

men will have crossed the ocean Mrs. Elizabeth A. Rehke of Salt of their dead.

as guests of the United States govLake, Mrs. C. M. Rowley of

ernment on this historic pilgrimLogan, Mrs. Harriet S. Sadler of TTPON arrival in New York weage. All expenses are borne by Ogden, Mrs. Mary A. Barries of were taken to the Governor

the government, and on land and Grantsville and Mrs. Emma Hiatt Clinton Hotel, one of the best

on sea only first class accommoof Enterprise. in the city, and were there joined

dations have been enjoyed. At Chicago this special car was by many other Gold Star women

74 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

from all parts of the United States. Upon arrival in Paris the group with the women, where she renders

We remained over night in New was segregated into smaller units helpful assistance at all times.

York and at 10:00 o'clock the according to the cemeteries to be The programs are well arranged

following morning were taken by visited and were assigned to differand most efficiently executed. The

bus to the pier at Hoboken, N. ent hotels. In the party to which fourteen days in France are spent

J., where we embarked on the S. we were assigned were twentyfive in visiting the cemeteries and sight

S. George Washington. women, all of whom were to visit seeing, leaving the evenings free

During the hour before sailing the Suresnes cemetery, just outside for rest or whatever recreation the a military band, stawomen desire.

tioned at the docks, played such popular HHHE morning folwar-time songs as lowing our ar- "Over T h e r e,"rival in Paris we all "Pack up Your participated in the

Troubles,""Tipceremony of placing perary,""Just Be- a wreath on the fore the Battle, tomb of the unMother,"etc., very known soldier of

appropriate for atFrance. We were

mosphere but rather taken by bus to the difficult to listen to Arc D'Triumphe on this particular beneath which lies occasion without buried this unshedding tears. At known soldier of the

12:00 o'clock, howFrench Peasant (90 Years Old) World War. The

ever, with smiling American officers faces and flying colors, two hundred'of Paris. The largest group was and General Fracque of the French

and fortyfive Gold Star women, made up of one hundred sixteen Army stood at attention while designated as Party M, set sail. women who were to visit the RoMrs. Saboe of Minnesota, who lost

magne cemetery at Verdun. two sons in the War, placed on

laurel of a wreath the huge tomb previously the S accommoda- A lilies attached of a spray small with hotel D'lena, our where HPHE first class tions everywere and governgift American the of remained group during our all—a tothing the done was make

is daily visited shrine ment. This is in Paris, weekstypi- stay two feel at comfortable andwomen

is tourists of and hundreds cally by elabrooms a captainhome. and army French—spacious An flowers. fresh At without never tastefully orately furnished, but alieutenant of charge the had group

flame, a small the the of head tomb place. quaint beautiful and They a hostess ship, a the whileon and

is fire, conkept everlasting called lifts the elevators. French had or special attentiontrained nurse gave

to the physical needs of the woOne never rode in them without stantly burning.

men. Programs were provided for being reminded of this description After the ceremony we went to

evening entertainment and the by Mark Twain. a delightful tea house where we

mothers enjoyed watching the "When I was last in Paris, three years were addressed by Col. Ellis, Amother guests on the boat dance. ago, they were using there what they bassador Edge, General Pershing,

lift. It French the thought persons a held was of Fracque two General sailing eight After days on traveled at gait a a such that a and low the priest a Catholic and Army, sea andelightfulcalm and we tell spectator could not it was which way Trinity the pastor American of

If the going. passengers to werechored, of going the afternoon July on

all Paris. of These men Church the sixth floor they along took something the in Cherbourg. of30 harbor

to eat; at night, of consolation spoke and bedding. peowords Old untilFrance. remained There we

it; ple not did except use such as were fact the that praise, emphasizing tender, amorning, with when their place, to the an on good anyhow. way Star Pilgrimage done the had Gold a board, lost nurse captain for people been Often that and onarmy had

took us ashore, where we were days were found in those 'lifts, jogging much to cement the bond of still friendship between France and along, frequently joggingmet by other officers who took us alive.along, America, train to Paris.by

great pride in their French took "The called ostensible a grand lift and it by that a ""THE following morning we made hotel had name ascenseur. Any

HTHE ride from Cherbourg to lift did not keep it secret but advertised visits to the cemeteries. Our

Paris ran through a very beauit in immense letters, It y a vue ascenseur, particular group visited the Surestiful farming region where every with three exclamation points after it."nes cemetery, about five miles from

foot of ground seemed to be utilParis, where 1,400 Americans lie ized. The absence of fences was 'T'HE government maintains a buried, eight of whom are from

conspicuous; low, green hedges sepcorps of army officers and Utah. This burial ground, the

arating the different pieces of acretrained nurses in Paris, with Col. smallest of the eight European

age. Little villages of tileroofed Ellis in charge, who conduct the cemeteries owned by America, lies

houses nestled at the foot of wooddifferent groups to the cemeteries on a gentle slope, backed by a ed hills and the fresh green of and other points of interest in wooded hill, on the summit of the grass and trees gave evidence of France. An army captain and a which stands an old French fort.

an abundance of rainfall during nurse are assigned to each group, There are no mounds but row the season. the nurse remaining at the hotel upon row of snow white marble

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 75

crosses, standing with military erectness and precision and containing the name, the rank, the division of the soldier and the state from which he came. In this

cemetery lie seven unknown soldiers, each cross bearing the following inscription:

"Here tests in honored glory An American Soldier Known but to Cod."

A LL the burial grounds are beautifully landscaped and well cared for. Hardwood trees planted

among the graves and beautiful flowers and shrubbery along the borders of the cemetery make a

Lookout Germanbeautiful park. house A hostess

Part of old church. Very important observation point rest occupieswhere visitors may

a convenient place and a small chapel is being erected in each cemerow Wilson being among the fUR stay in France was mosttery. Only peace abides here and signers. pleasant but after a rather

one leaves the place with the satThe French point with pride to strenuous two weeks'program evisfied feeling that it is well to let this and that statue, to the mareryone was happy to make the the soldier dead lie here undisvelous paintings and tapestries dereturn trip to Cherbourg and then turbed. embark on the S. S. Republic for

our homeward voyage.

article, this of Mrs. author JL HE to the addition to taken being 3 expectleft ParisTN August We B. President Hinckley, of wife

cemeteries, every almost day ing water. ten days to spend on the S. we AdaBryant Liberty the Hinckley of

werei taken to see the principal stake, Was critically ill when this Our captain and lieutenant who points of interest in and about was written, after her return from had been given a leave while we

Pilgrimage. Star the Later GoldParis. needs to spend much One their duties in France were resumed to Calif/ornia the with went a she places these time in but only of the took charge and once more rebe health that her would hope

glimpse and an impression can be stored, but it was not to be. She group. Two hundred and fortyhad in a hurried visit. The Louvre, passed away in Los Angeles on Nov. four returned, one mother remaintalented 10. a Hinckley Mrs. wasNapoleon's Tomb, Josephine's ing in Paris a short time longer mother, wife a devoted and woman,Chateau, Fontainbleau, of illness. spirits it has because the swejtest one of Versailles and

and Notre Dame were among the ever been our good fortune to places visited. France has been a know. May the comforting inspirit hover holy of God's being favor weather in our field battle befluence HTHE from thebloody

the bereaved and husband about a anchored day in Hoboken we she butginning manhas somehow children.

aged to preserve much of her earlier than expected and were treasure. Versailles, with its beautaken to the Hotel McAlpin where

tiful gardens and fountains, is a picting the history of France, but we remained over night. The fol

scene of beauty long to be reone is impressed with (the idea lowing day the two hundred and membered. It was here that the that Paris is one big display of fortyfour Gold Star women septreaty of peace was signed in 1919 monuments to military heroes and arated, taking trains to their homes

and we were privileged to see the military victories. Cannot peace in different parts of the United

table on which this historic docube made to appear greater than States.

ment was signed, President Woodwar? Our government has always

honored its veterans in a generous::.''.:... and grateful way, and cared for the

widows and orphans of those who gave the last full measure of devotion to the flag, in a manner well becoming a great and beneficent people. This pilgrimage

was in keeping with that spirit.

There was something very satisfyit. The

the to jjMgar jam '*": Ml ingtendernessand beautifuland careaboutgiven

mortal remains of those who were buried "over there"has left forever a sanctity and peace in the souls of those who have been perMEUSE ARGONNE. 14,189 AMERICAN DEAD. 400 UNKNOWN SOLDIERS mitted to visit the sacred soil where

Bodies still being exhumed in the forest and buried in the cemetery their sons and husbands sleep.

A Legend God Must Love the Autumn

By Grace McKinstry X OR December and Christmas By Edith Cherrington should which there is much had three good friends. The love the Autumn, He clothes A MAN

poetically, people and who usually these first of be said GODit somustin glory!XX

Was very dear to him, the second, less; find prose adequate for the expresThe hills go robed in amethyst, the

And with the third he seemed to feel at sion of their thoughts find themtrees are dressed in gold.

ease selves making poetry. Christmas High above the dreaming valleys the

But made no fuss about him. Happiness poems were many and so lovely mountain peaks are hoary,

Was ever this man's portion, till, one day, this year that not one could be left While the breeze that stirs the stiffened

A royal messenger arrived to say: out; and in addition there Were othleaves is briskly clean and cold.

fairly er refused which poems the little beside I that stands house sent hither that to The "I have bring been may light until to see the wait of 1931 is like a friend lane fear to in our sovereign."man, You The scattered print. the ChristSo we

twilight at the for coming Cried, our Waiting pray, offence, that "What is my the throughout holiday poems mas the year. of the king like the of pages magazine, snowtable hearth spread with and glowing sternly'Should to apThe me thus summon flakes, refreshing cool. the and To

extend simple foods pear? the verses, rest of clamoring we

friendliness, the living of friends; three I have grant hand The go one may dedicate a their page of own, and

cheer. smile hearty of to plead is Christmas although somehow,My cause—then speedily I shall be freed."not mentioned in one of them, they God must love the Autumn for he show'rs

to spirit partake the of the of his there favors The first friend shook his head, "I cannot seem it try to season pass and it as on to holds a mother holds her babe you And go."

The next one heard the plea and spake who read. against her breast.

this word: Soft breezes carry lullabys upon the fra-

"Yes, to the palace gates with you. But grant air,

know The Party Andearththehercradlenight ofof therest. winter offers That there I have to leave you."But

the third By Ardyth M. Kennelly > osaJsVs>- *

Said quickly, "You shall not go there alone, The moon came to the star's party A Gray Day

Before the sun had gone home. I will stand with you, friend, before the

is something of The an adventuress By Grace Ingles Frost moon throne."

And the winds whisper about her. '/""HE lordly Wasatch wears a cowl of

Before his sovereign the came man, and she hills say gray, walks the They upon L there hides each view That hoaryhead- from then, dawn. At But

friend His elopleaded such with good ed peak; are gossipers, winds The you know. quence, fly gulls the follow near and low she it all. The Oh, very was demure about convinced, king, deto The was minded play, She stairs the came up clare: freshturned loam, morsel From some pale looked very prim and And let plea has saved "Your him; him now to seek; small

go hence."Against the blue wall. The greening gladness of the grassy

Three only one could go to Nevertheless the her sun eyed plain, free friends—and silver the slim, Sharply. And lady Is dimly shown thro'shrouding veil

This man! And do you recognize the Shrugged her shoulders.... of mist,

three? After the sun had gone home Like unto souls arising from old pain,

O'er persist which memories hover and She a golden donned gown first the messenger was Money. The When

sadden, nor forget, the past let them To laughing leaned against the And friend needs for must Came man this remain; The blue wall.... Or like captives peering through their

bars Next, Family, have been firmer That welded by regret. to the palace But whosegate—theministrationsgrave. wereNot And today the winds are whispering again. the is hid Until glory of the stars. vain

His pleading with the third! This one

alone, Fancy speak for him before Good Deeds—could By Estelte Webb Thomas I Would Not Part the the throne.

Curtains -C<Jt)*Ot T #PON the shining stream of Poesy \J I launch my fragile craft by fancy By Ida R. Alldredge

Mother To wrought, My future the know /CANNOT sail vessels sea stately away to Where Hendrickson Gladys By I trod, shall have path Nor priceless of with gems All laden down vision that inward But by are brown two pools in my thought. THERE to the points God. Which way memory

gold with Flecked distant port of the It will reach Fame, not the glimpse beauty not would sun. Shot with is, it frail and wave I though wind Too store for joy me in Or as they look at shine sparkle and They fair, be restrain ne'er patience Lest me me will the multitudes laud name humble No the door. thrusting wide From Clear deep and it loving with her fashioned who Of

Made for fun. care. I would not part the curtains

laugh as they mirror the smile they And veil the cast aside Or the skies of that await But if it bring the merest hopeful glow Else sorrows just To shipwrecked what Now me soul, despairing and Might make my courage fail.

in pain, they be? Could

They're the shadowy, gay, loving depths I think that some way I shall surely I'd rather live not knowing, of your eyes know, Just doing my small might

Smiling now And feel that I have wrought not all I'd rather walk by faith with God

Up at me. in vain. Than try alone the lieht.

HAPPISON R. MERRILL

blossoms. But,, of the was also proud He say, why the icicles flower. BROWN EDWARD

reputation \Jthe up?"I came for candy he when box of have hugged Arizonians pound

carried against his breast as he square, hard fighting for a cause.

trotted across the campus to where "If he'd a said it, would you he could see Marjorie McCarthy, OHE hesitated. have believed it?"he asked.

it,"with he prompted. "Out nineteen Bill "I she McCarthy'sCoach wouldn't have—then,"that football was I a lone "It game Satsaid wistfully. playing daughter, year old "Now, I think

hand of croquette on,her father's urday,"she Replied. "Dad was should."

lawn. Old Bill McCarthy was very disappointed."in that game "Did you see the game Saturhead coach at Glendon University, and in—in—day?"he asked.

and was a great hero in G. Ed- "Say it,"he urged, though he 'Yes; it made me wonder, but

ward's eyes. could not keep the crimson out of I thought there might be some

"Hello, Marj,"Eddy called as his face. other reason. The Glendon team

she concluded. in you,""And certainly approached. he was "Look lonely."not as—as—vicious should have desaid Glendon as I'd a liked girl straightened up, her "He them The to be. I know

mallet held loosely in both hands feated Bartholomew by four the game fairly well now, you before her. Eddy felt a chill as he touchdowns, and we won by only know, Eddy, and I am certain you

looked into her brown eyes. In one point."could have smashed that line hardthem he fancied he saw trouble for "I know,"Eddy answered er than you did. You reminded

himself. lamely. "The Coach was wild me of a balky horse with cold

"Not so lonely,"she replied a about it, but the Bartholomew shoulders."

outfit than we thought. was harder little sharply. what you think of "So—that's our—fought me,"enthusiasm died down, but We His Eddy said, an allgone feelhe was not beaten. He unwrapped She held up her hand. ing in the pit of his stomach, for

the box. "Don't!"She spoke as if he he liked this girl better than any

"Want to try some of this?"he had hurt her. 'That's what Dad other on the campus. "Then I

asked. said you'd plead."think I'd as well go—alternately Removing the lid he extended Eddy flushed. Underneath his cold and hot here,"he continued,the box filled with cubes of semiembarrassment—shame—was a smiling sheepishly. "I'll leave the

transparent, sugardusted candy. spark of anger. candy with you."

hotly. demanded, it and guess."he ing down at the box, "but it looks "Guess—taste"What is it?"she asked. "What did he think I'd say?""It is delicious,"she said, looksaid you'd "He have an alibi wishywashy,.pretty—sweet—like as several,"she; calm he was named the blooms. I think I'd prefer the a bit into cube of i)HE as a in probing a wound. surgeon spines."

a flavor the sippedthe substance, first, please the mentioned "You've moment, and then held it up for don't mention the others."

inspection. "What else did he say?"Eddy.CjDDY recrossed the

"Candy,"she pronounced, judemanded sharply. campus a ton of lead in each shoe.

diciously, "but what kind? It is He had come out of the desert of

delicious. I've never tasted anyArizona to get an education, and

thing like it before."OHE held a piece of the to play football. He had made

Eddy grinned. semitransparent candy up against the freshman team, and had been

country—an"It doesn't Arizonagrow up productin this the"Hesun.said you were too sweet lionizedand elusiveness.by his classHe forhad hisactuallyspeedfrom down home."too—too—decided that he was a pretty good

"What's it made of?"Marjorie "Say it,"he prompted again, football man.

asked. "Do tell me."as she paused. When in his sophomore year he

"It's candied cactus blooms,""Too afraid to mix it with the was selected as the first quarterback

Eddy replied. Bartholomew crowd."Eddy of the Varsity team, he felt certain

"How wonderful,"she exstudied her eyes as she spoke. "If that he had made no mistake in his

claimed, "Cactus blooms! Cactus you'd a brought him some vof this estimate of himself. He had played

blossoms are beautiful."candy, he'd a said that you like the through the major portions of

"Beyond description,"Eddy bloom rather than the spines of the three intercollegiate contests and replied. "Just beyond description, plant of your native state."was still of the opinion he was

that's all. This is made from Her words cut deep. Eddy was very good, even though his team

cactus, but maybe not from the proud of his state and his state had not been the whirlwind some 78 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

of the sport writers Clarke was reporthad predicted it ed to be "plenty would be. He had tough,"but Coach

laid the team's McCarthy avowed failure to live up that Glendon must t o prediction, win; there would

however, upon an be only one really over enthusiastic stiff team between press agent, and to them and a state the fact that the championship.

teams Glendon exhad met were Eddy strong.ceptionally betook his place

Until now he had hind the 1 i n e.

never even dreamed Flanked on one that the failure of side by Joe and on the team to work the other side by efficiently was "Beef"Hollister, chargeable to him. and backed by Lon

Granger, he his out snapped COWBOY—signals with a new Arizona Athe from

desert where men vigor. He felt that

were supposed to this was his day.

be men, he had Marjorie up there prided himself upin the Scarlet and on his willingness Gold outfit swingto mix with any ing her banner man or set of men would see spines, regardless of size. not blossoms,

He had come to when this game adore Coach JBill got under way,

McCarthy and, G. EDDY BROWN and incidentally

what was more, Coach McCarthy big Bill's only would learn a few daughter. To learn that the ter him, "if you'd a found the things, too. There would be no

Coach had been disappointed in sting in 'em I did."alibis.

him was bad enough, but to learn Clarke kicked off to Glendon.

that the Coach had confided his Joe received the ball and started up disappointment to his daughter Throughput the the field; Eddy ran interference. As

was unbearable. week Eddy's conversation with he streaked across the sward, he

Eddy Brown was making some Marjorie seared his soul. He liked threw himself at a big Clarke

resolutions that afternoon as he the girl tremendously, and it hurt guard. The fellow's knee caught

dressed for foobtall. to have her tell him that he was Eddy in the short ribs knocking

"Why so glum?"It was Joe spineless like a cactus bloom. He'd the breath completely out of him.

Medill speaking. Joe was dressed show her. No mere girl could rub It was seconds before he could

and on his way out to the field. it in to him, even if she was the struggle to his feet.

"Haven't heard from the cactus Coach's daughter. With a new The Glendon Bears went into

country lately?"determination he entered into the a huddle. Eddy called an off-

"Sure,"Eddy replied twisting work of preparing for the big game tackle buck. Joe, who got the ball,

his face into a wry expression. with Clarke University the folwas thrown without gain.

"That's what's the matter."lowing Saturday. He would show Once more Eddy called a line

Joe paused. He also was from the old Coach that an Arizonian buck. This time Beef got the ball

Arizona and played halfback was what the stories said he was. after Eddy had faked passing it to

while Eddy played quarterback. On the day of the game as Eddy Joe. Beef made a yard and a half.

He was interested. trotted on to the field with his Third down and eight and a half

the toward he glanced teammates, a called go! yards to for Eddy "Did he asked. "How come?"usually Marjorie President's box. al-, ball spiraled punt. high The send you a Gila Monsomebody

ster through the mail?"sat just below it with the Pep lowing the Bears to go down unof football section a rooting Girls, it. der dropped on Clarke was worse than that,"Eddy "Naw,

flutterenthusiasts. saw her He line. fifteen their yard sent grinning. replied "Mother

as the team spread colors her ing me some field. the cactus candy—candied out on cactus blossoms."(

"Well, I wouldn't call that bad Eddy's heart beat high. He had WlTH the ball in

news,"Joe exclaimed as he passed purposely avoided Marjorie the entheir possession the Clarke machine on toward the door of the dresstire week, though it had been hard began functioning. The heavy

ing room. for him to do so. He wanted to guards and tackles literally rolled

"You would,"Eddy called afshow her some of his spines. over and through the Glendon line

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 79

tearing great holes through which a gray clad Clarke tackle shoot "Sorry, old man,"Brig called, the Ciarke backs percolated for through, snatch the ball from the as he passed on his way to the three, five, and even seven yards. air, and speed on toward the Glenreferee.

Clarke made three first downs in don goal. As Eddy approached the bench

quick succession. Then Glendon Eddy's heart almost stopped. where old Bill McCarthy sat, his

held and the visitors were forced The man was free or almost free. heart was low. He could see anger

to punt. He, Eddy Brown, must stop him in the Coach's eyes, but McCarthy

Eddy received the ball on his if he was to be stopped. His feet said nothing, merely motioned

own seven yard line. He started seemed to have wings as he took Eddy to the bench. From the

up the field darting among the up the chase, his own men trailing seats high above, Eddy caught the

Clarke tacklers like a scared jack along behind him. tones of a single voice from among

rabbit, until he was at last dragged "I must stop him; I must stop the thousands.

down on his own fortytwo yard him,"he was saying over and over "Cactus blossoms!"he was posline. in great sobs as he closed up the itive it was crying over and over

He called a play over guard. gap foot by foot. As last he knew again.

The Clarke guard and center he was close enough. He left his Glendon won from Clarke by

blocked the hole and Beef went feet, and could have sung for joy three points, but Eddy did not down with a one foot gain. Joe, as he felt that ball carrier's legs in have a chance to go back into the

on the next play, suffered a simhis arms. battle. He sat on the bench watchilar fate. As he rose to his feet,,he saw a ing with aching heart his own

Eddy felt somethnig click in Glendon Bear racing across the team fight through to victory.

his mind. Suddenly he could refield from the bench. As the man

member nothing except a long drew nearer he could see that it last of the game 1 HE Coach's admoforward pass. The

to was Brig Halverson, substitute season was be the contest for the tauntingnition, Marjorie's voice, quarterback.

dropped away from him and he State championship on Thanksgivcould remember only that the ing Day. Glendon University and

Clarke line was holding; that the TiHEN it was that St. Francis had both gone through

Bears | could not break through; Eddy remembered the instructions the season undefeated, though St.

that the Clarke men were heavier of big Bill McCarthy. "Until Francis, playing several of the same

you have felt them out,"the big teams, had regularly scored more fellow had said, "buck their line than twice as much as Glendon

H).E called for a pass; and punt."had done. This led the sport

the fullback to the left end. The Eddy did not have to be told writers and fans to predict a St.

ball spiraled high from Granger's who was to go out. He knew. Francis victory in the final battle

hand. Eddy could see Booker of the year.

Clayson, the end streaking toward Coach McCarthy went about that mythical point where ball and preparing for the finale with a man were to meet. Then he saw grim steadiness that promised a

THE "CACTUS BLOOM"80 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

warm time for St. Francis. Big of the gorge when he came face to fully, and he thought he could see

, her eyes. "He's taking thisBill bad not had a championship face with Marjorie. She was tears in

in six years. This was his year mounted on a rangy sorrel horse, coaching job very seriously this

seriously than he'she had declared, but.victory had and Eddy thought he had never year—more

been so long in coming that few seen her so beautiful. Somehow ever done."

believed in him. her brown eyes caught some of "How come?"

There were two people, howthe sparkle of the sunshine, and "He says Glendon must win this sure ofever, who had faith, almost to the the ruddy color of the cliffs was year or—or—."He was

point, of passion. They were his reflected in her cheeks. the tears now. "He loves Glendaughter Marjorie and G. Eddy "Hello, Eddy,"she called. don. If he doesn't win, it'd break

Brown. The girl was a persistent his heart and the hearts of the

family. I'm just sure of whole lover, Edfootball androoter and heart thumped EDDY'S that."right his given havedy would

voice. at in joyful note the her Afthe reinstated in been to havehand see all ter to he been hungry had

Coach's confidence. her. EDDY laid his hand "Hello, Marj—orie,"he trumpon hers. He felt heroic inside.

/vS the days passed eted back, his voice atremble. He "The Bears'll win, all right,"he

Eddy found himself playing more could not just then call her merely assured her. "They're goin'great."

and more with the reserves. Brig Marj. "Not so great,"she answered.

Halverson, the man who had They looked at each other in "Dad likes Brig tremendously, but pulled the Bears through with a silence for a moment and then both he's afraid of him against St. Franvictory over the Clarke outfit, was broke into a shaky laugh. The cis. Brig isn't safe enough; he

being groomed for the quarterback horse she was riding pranced nervdoesn't pass perfectly; he someposition. Eddy, however, did not ously until Eddy seized him by the times gets excited in the pinches."

bit. began training. let his He on stateup all the felt of that Eddy to talk you, Eddy,"to "I want sleep, and in his footballto dream So. truth. contained some ments

off."said. "Help she me himself catchoften would he his share did McCarthy Coach and her held out Eddy hand She he that plays out newworking regard. that in his judgment it to thrilling in his own, took a pinch. in alonecould help,"work can you Eddy, "Now, disin as toes leaned she him upon strategy was of.study This on. she went mounting. announcethe about bybrought surprised. asked he "How?"bridle tied the had After Eddy McCarthy Coach by madement reshe quarter,"playing "By they by, near a to reins scrub oak wise Francis St. was fearedthat he his. searching eyes her sponded, flat large a themselves seated on plays. the all Bear ofto uncomfortably. laughed He ledge. at the canyon's stone imfair and tried to be Eddy ironiquestioned he "Yeah?"see you, Eddy,"to glad "I'm he but judgments, his inpartial doesn't father cally, your "but comfortafter they were said she Halverson that believedsomehow out I've been opinion. share your avoiding me been able. "You've -a quarterback. as up blowwould since all the practice to time—ever 'fess lately—up."steady good, a wasThe man spent I've game. But the Clarke replied. "Guilty,"Eddy the team handle could andplunger the reserves. Brig time with my care for didn't you but "Thought team, ordinary an well against team."the has run

Eddy feared that against the powCactus Blossoms.""I know all that,"she replied,

erful St. Francis 'eleven Brig would impatiently. "Dad tells me a lot

strain. the underbreak interested I'm of her of laid both things—because OHE Marjorie seen not had Eddy behe But, the Eddy, in game. it rested as,his slender on hands fact, he In game. Clarke the since in anythan in lieves more you into looked knee, his up and on her. He avoid to careful been had else."body eyes. his

l he that himself to say tried to the into myself take didn't "I terribly. hurt have you "I must her about very much cared never bitterly. "He replied reserves,"he sorry."so said. she "I'm Eddy,"help not could he though attitude, that."did "I all,"answered. at he "Not gone had something feeling did "You're you wrong, Eddy; I it didn't comin'. had to dear him it—have of out told life-—somethingthat contradicted. that,"she "He I 'till the lacked that then know vanished. had it."didn't to do do; you what you spines."

"I'm troubled, Eddy,"she went "Cactus Blossoms,"he mut- 0')VER the weekend on. tered bitterly. "You're right,

I before Thanksgiving the Bears "What about?"he asked immeMarj, I did that, but what am

rested. Eddy utilized the Saturdiately eager. to do now?"

day by taking a short walk up "About Dad,"she replied wist- "You are going to play quarter

Spring Canyon, a precipitagainst St. Francis,"she reous gorge that opened into plied firmly. "Eddy, you can the mountain range back of save the Bears and—us."

the campus. Here he was "I wish I could believe

enjoying himself scratching it,"he replied. Yet you,

among the dead leaves for yourself said that I'm too blosacorns from the scrub oaks sweet—no spines—all

colagainst throwing stones and soms—perfume—andor."[Continued on page 116] side opposite the precipitous

mMHfitXMWfflMfflMSXffiBm

I FOODS FOR HEALTH

c I j I jE flBmamimfflUB

Let CKristmas Cakes Brin Christmas Cheer are once again confronted By cuits you take a half sieve full of questhe timeworn with shall I give my ADAH "What R. NAYLOR flour—fora small familya largea littlefamilyless.a littleAddmore,saltWEtion,

family and friends for Christmas?"In and 2 or 3 teaspoons of baking powyester-years when autumn came with der, depending on the amount of

its long cool evenings the women at college, the missionary out in the flour used. With your fingers rub

members of the household gathered mission field, or the business woman into the flour about 1/4 pound of round'the sittingroom lamp with in a small apartment. butter, you can tell by the feel when

their needlework. There was much A fruit cake with its "sugar and you have enough. Then stir in the

tucking and featherstitching, punching spice and everything nice"will keep milk, enough to make a thick dough.

of holes and filling in, fashioning of for a long time. It can be attractively Bake in a hot oven."An experienced

fancy articles of underclothing and wrapped, easily packed and sent by cook might follow this recipe with designing of doilies and centerpieces, mail without fear of breakage. The some success, but a beginner would

all as gifts for Christmas. But along best thing for wrapping is a new suffer many failures. Today recipes

came Henry Ford and the movies, and transparent paper called Cellophane are tested in well equipped laborathe ways of living and doing were it will keep the cake fresh and moist tories and if materials are good, and greatly changed. and protect it from contamination the recipes carefully followed the reWoman has ever been an extremist Christmas cakes should be made early sults are always the same.

and since it was impossible for a sucin December as they are better when cessful driver of an automobile to be they have stood a while and mellowed, Materials dressed in ruffles and furbelows, long than they are when freshly baked.

trailing skirts and Merry Widow hats Wise is the woman who has her gifts Eggs—They should be cold and

perched high on piles of artificial hair, selected, wrapped and decorated early, fresh so that they will beat up lightly she abandoned the entire mode of the thus avoiding the confusion of the and have an untainted flavor. Eggs

light made in extreme. by last minute holiday rush. are the other totime went and beating—forcing

air. whites should skirts The be beaten to her shortened hair, her cutShe

and made herself comfortable in the Cake Making the point where they are stiff enough smallest amount of clothing possible. to hold up in peaks. After that

Many of her evenings were spent at "She's a natural born cake maker"further beating only serves to break the movies and since the fashion in is an expression sometimes heard, but the film and let the air escape. When

dress no longer called for fancy undercake makers are made not born. True, beaten they should be used immediately

clothing she discontinued her stitchcake making is an art, but anyone because if allowed to stand their own ing and ribbon threading. young or old, large or small can acweight will make them fall.

patience the art and a little quire with Butter be should age of machinery too, the Then, or fat—This are necessary things practice. Four it fresh and soft. to take It is well production, and it in massbrought

became easy to buy novel and attracgood materials, tested recipes, correct out of the ice box an hour or so tive articles of all kinds cheaper than measurements, right oven temperature, before using in the winter, and a few they could be made at home, so that The old fashioned cook did most minutes before using in summer weathgenerally speaking the old time cusof her measuring and testing by ear—er.tom of making ones Christmas gifts or rather by the look and feel. The Sugar—The brown and powdered

went into the discard. But there are thing the hand and eye does daily sugar should be sifted and the granustill women who like to give a perbecomes in time more or less of a lated should be fine grained.

sonal touch to their Christmas gifts science, but unless accurate measureFlour—-There are two kinds esand to their question of "What shall ments are made, cooked foods will alpecially prepared, cake flour and all-

I give?"There is no better answer ways vary in their perfection. The purpose or bread flour. Both should

than "A Christmas Cake"—especially old time recipes were given something be well milled and dry.if the gift is for the boy or girl away like this—-"For Baking Powder Bis- [Continued on page 124]

"Here's Dad,"greeted Mrs. MacBride smiling

up into his face.

SentWho Santa Claus?

By GRANT ALLYN CAPRONI

Illustrated by Nelson White

lars a year on insurance policies litical hazards into it, that's worse and other things. Then he turns yet. Mac was a draftsman in the

what suddenly on me and wants to government's employ. You know

MacBride will do now, 'Stell?"know how much insurance I am what a rotten political messasked WalterwONDERGoodhue, calling carrying."that is. Before plunging like Mac

from his comfortable couch to his "Showing up their neighbors? has, it seems to me that I would

wife, busy in the kitchen preparing Why Walter, you know as well as surely have pictured in my mind the Sunday dinner. "I hear they've I do that Mac hasn't a stuckup what Mac has had to actually exlisted their place with Roylance's. hair in his head. His question perience in order to see it. Maybe

it does seemNo job, taxes due, fifty dollars was one of friendly interest."Mrs. I'm seeing things, but

a month on that house and no Goodhue continued to wipe a bowl to me he's been a little higher in gas for that fine new car."she held in her hand, meditating. the air with his chin than he was

"I feel terrible about it,"an- "His heart is all wrapped up in when they lived in the cabin."

swered Mrs. Goodhue, entering the that home and family of his,""Why do you persist in saying

parlor doorway and looking said Mrs. Goodhue, returning to that, dear? Because he is a college

thoughtfully out across the sparsethe kitchen sink, "and I admire man and a little out of our class ly settled Sudley Springs Addihim for it. Look how Mrs. Macthere are some on this street who

tion. Bride went out and nursed when wish they could find something

she wasn't well herself, to help wrong with him. Didn't he janmeet payments when they were itor the meeting house free of

I FELT right along building. It's just a pity if anycharge one winter when he had

that they were spreading too much thing happens to them."four hundred gymnasium prpils

and wanting to show up their on his hands? Scrubbing the floor"

neighbors. Last summer Mac got every Saturday while others who

to telling me all about the invest- C!)TELL. a draftsman's were so ignorant they could hardly

ments they were carrying with job in this man's town is a mighty sign their names, were holdirg

National Thrift, the building and uncertain disease when things are down the offices?"

loan societies, three hundred dolfavorable, but when you inject po- * * *

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 8?*

from this time last year! The "Is it right to ask for Santa

IT was nearly dark shouts of joy which had gone up to come?"

stopped Loring MacBride when the he entered house when after 'Yes, darling. Yes, Katie."in front of his house. A of the deluge Christmas heavy work, and

fog filled the cold wet air adding prattle. The parlor was dark and

gloom to his depressed spirits. In cold. The fireplace had not been

and out of office buildings in the lighted once this Winter. Where BRAVELY, each morncongested business district and were the childish decorations and ing Mr.. MacBride would go forth

through sparsely settled sections to laughter and letters to Santa searching for work. He no longer

various industrial plants he had confined himself to his own protramped through slush and snow fession as he sought work but all the day, seeking work, with would inquire wherever likelihood always the same response. "We're A Christmas Message of employment was possible.

laying men off instead of taking Walking south on State street he "Sorry,them we on."And, but turned suddenly a restaurant into

are telling, chimes Christmas HE T-Lhave nothing to offer."Or, "We front sign in the with a window Christian highly In your town,have a couple of girls who do all Of peace and joy to men—the "Dishwasher Wanted."The poour drafting."while sition was already filled but the

And Christmas only three weeks Dark night is mantling down. proprietor had forgotten to remove

away! What would he say to But to! A lonely chorus comes the sign. Then he went to a wareloyal little Katie who lived the From city streets—so drear, house down near the railroad yards

bitterness It stirs the soul with partially had been where work yearwhole waiting for Christmas?

the Christmas dims And cheer. promised to him. But the little man poor Martha, not oldAnd

enough to understand. Then From pavement damp, the rhythm who was to cause a vacancy hadagain, he wondered, as he had a sounds—decided to retain his job.

fog and smoky Through air—times before,hundred where and far not gone He had from the feet; pattering little children's Of

a little might borrowhow he warehouse bare. hailed cold, when he was blue by and with Stung

money for Christmas. The car a hearty young voice. Harry

street the Beneath sold. glistenlamps hiswas friends Among Holler drove curb, up to the ing—there not was one to he whom stopped short a leg and threw tears mist With and wet through. financialmight help. go for He the over door. Ford took once little He urchins hungry The

could not raise another cent on Turn their faces up to you. mechanical drawing in MacBride's

the house. class in one of the local high

Kind friends, this joyful Christschools.

mastide, Christ's love for man display; "Say, Mac, I was coming over

Give he strode to comfort OTOICALLY the needy ones to see you tonight. I want to get In fellowship today!into the house, his senses beyour advice on something. I havenumbed from unending thinking,—Weston N. Nordgren.

anxiety and misery, and with no a couple of offers and I'm stuck word of greeting, his face expreswhich to take. They're both drafting jobs onefifty with per, andsionless except the for look same Claus? squares the on The a of linpromise job it permanentof suffering with of borne had dumb ran oleum floor together. Mrs. raise a afterlate, I've learned before the he stood them. Mrs. biz."kissed MacBride a lone forawayMacBride and the two little tear daughbidden and whispered somethe kitchenters were huddled about thing to him.

stove, the family rendezvous since crossedthey left off using the furnace. "Dad, do you remember,"asked A SHADOW

Katie suddenly, "the time I prayed Mac's face. And in that shadow,

"Here's Dad,"greeted Mrs. that the lights would come on silhouetted againt the sunshine of

face. smiling hisMacBride, up into days again little stood in that the awful family storm, and happier

littleKatie to clung and him sure with the smiles they enough he did?"always had

first inMartha's to were words quire if he had seen Santa Claus. "And we're going to have a looked forward to seeing when returning from home work, The Christmas will Santa and surely kitchen, the he thought, Even scene dissolved into the somber come,"little interposed Martha. late, as ofseemed looked dingy he gray of the present moment. He

light. at ceiling dismally theup Katie on, "Dad,"went "do you see could the hole in sole the of

at stove. the glanced ThereHe the time they remember you made little dear Katie's shoe, discovered potatoes and be gravy andwould in talk said and you you Church her by mother. tried to choke He for supper.boiled onions prayers? answered knew You God the bitterness that rose down withstill believe it, don't you?"in him. Girls and high school

'Yes, darling, the when it'sfor lads getting, effort, almost without removed M,ACBRIDE course sometimes Of we are jobs which married with men into best.his overcoat and sank heavily

a chair by the stove. His elbows carried away by our impulses and families would be glad to have.

went to his knees and his chin to ask for things we later see would Inwardly he cursed the man who his palms. No one talked as the not have been. right and then God was always saying that life is

children helped their mother set has to get us straightened out what we make it. The lad rattled

the table. What a different home again."on while Mac meditated. After

84 The improvement Era for December? 1930

he had finished and MacBride had He turned to the coal bin. Would blanket f white'.- There were

duly weighed the facts as presented, the coal hold out till after Christmuffled sounds of voices passing he advised him the position to acmas? in the street. Ones a horse went

cept. That eight MacBride West into trotting by with two sleds hitched

"Harry."the children's chamber to fust their behind. Mrs. MacBride could

"Yes, Mac."bedtime prayers. Little Martha's make out two figures on the sled,

"If I remember correctly, you first utterance was to ask God to and the horse's sleigh bells made took less than a half a year in the send Santa Qbus, and Katie prayed a soft faraway sound. She made'

threeyear drafting molasses candy and!

course, or was it the baked some cakes fouryear one?"and cookies, after

'The fouryear which she gave a.

course."few final touches to

"And have you two small dresses had any further she made out of her training or experiwedding dress; the

ence since?"dress poor Mac

"No, Mac. I liked so much. For

haven't."a moment the

"We 1 1, Harry, bronze and blue of how do you get love's memories lent these jobs? I have glory to the sky and

been to both of she forgot the presthose firms and ent. Then the terthey told me they ror of reality began

had nothing in.to overtake her. Tosight."night would b e

"I'll tell you how Christmas E v e.

it is Mac. Both of From the playroom

the men who are of- m the basement fering me these jobs came the sounds of owe my dad politiMartha's sweet litcal debts and that is tfre voice in song the way they want happy, trusting, unto pay them off."suspecting, and untouched by the desperation eating at

her mother's heart. M.LACBRIDE

walked dejectedly For the first time, down the street. Of June MacBride gave

what value was his way to despair.

college degree and Crumpled up at the years of experience foot of the couch, in such a situation? she shook with conChristmas only four vulsive sobbing..

days away! Dark Oh, the naked disilthoughts crowded lusionment of shatin on him. He tered faith. What

walked over to one would she do of the railroad pasChristmas morning the children stationssenger to Tfm/i Womb in their tracks—stajped. ranwheninto the parlor? train pull watch a

in, and idle away his time for he too, for Santa to come, laying Would they stop short at the knew well the futility of seeking before the Lord her reasons why door, unable to believe their work with so forlorn a countehe should be sent, what he should eves? No tree!"Empty stockings!

nance as his. Mac had never bring and that he must not forget There would be two little parcels

learned to hide his feelings. Mrs. Cox who was always doing done up in newspaper and a dish

Returning home early that after- a kind deed for others. "And Faof miserable molasses candy on

little Katie, concluded the mantel! ther."and basement the entered he noon,

3|E 3fC 5p d'oor his unthe front "we'll leave stood den. There his went to

guitar, untouched the past two locked so Santa can get in with "Well, good land!"

months, and dusty. He stared at a big pack, and don't forget the

it without seeing it. His experipoor blind lady on Seventh street."

ments on valve gears, turbines and I HE distracted woman link mechanisms lay there too, unlooked up with a start, her eyes touched, forgotten. He went into E,ARLY in the foretwo great red circles.

the provision room. There were noon of the day before Christmas "What's all this mean?"It was

a scant few bottles of fruit left it began to snow and by noon Mrs. Ash who had walked quietly

over from the year before last. the landscape lay under a heavy in. Mr. MacBride had often deThe Improvement Era for December, 1930 85

clared that Mrs. Ash was a goodlies deep in great billowy expanses ice between the parlor door and

luck sign, and Mrs. MacBride inand the great bright moon lends its jamb discloses a light. There

wardly rejoiced at the sight of stern reality to the biting cold. The is a low strange noise as though

her good neighbor. wind is rising. The branches of the papers were being untied. PanicMrs. MacBride said little but naked trees are shaking and stricken she is about to rouse her

the discerning eye of Mrs. Ash swaying in a wild fandango. husband, but another sound arrests

saw much. The door of a neighboring her attention—the unmistakable

"Well,"said the good neighbor, shed bangs and bangs, and a tub whine of a mamadoll. She strug-

"I don't know how it will hapor a bucket, suddenly loosened gles to throw the thought out of pen, but I feel that it will all come from its moorings, goes tumher mind. How foolish to believe!

out all right, somehow."bling noisily down the back steps The inevitable disappointment to

of a nearby house, losing itself in follow will be more than she can the fast drifting snow. Mrs. Macstand. Wait! That is a queer

IT was with renewed Bride has not so much as dozed brushing sound with tinklings.

hope that Mrs. MacBride got to for an instant. Her feet are cold, The same noises he made last year

her feet after Mrs. Ash had gone. though she perspires, and her brain when she arranged the tree.

When Katie returned from school seems burning away. She listens

the mother and two girls played to the heavy troubled breathing together for while. a long Even her of has husband. Once she snaps. SWITCH

spirit the caught andBaby John a of caught broken fragment Athe crevice is brighter. a The light in

cooed his part with vigor. Mr. half smothered groan, the subconCautiously Mrs. MacBride slips

MacBride was later getting home. scious hysteria of a man. over the foot of the bed and peers

Where was he? His wife felt sure Listen! What was that? Has through the keyhole. Sure enough,

his delay meant something hopethe time come? Are the children someone is filling the stockings.

ful. At last he came. How desslipping into the parlor? She raises Now he has turned partly her way.

pairing to have one's hopes buoyed on an elbow. The children's room He is smiling and chuckling as he

up only to fall to earth again! is dark and still. Gratefully she surveys his work. The switch

One glance at the brokenspirited drops back on her comfortless pilsnaps again, leaving the room utman was enough. At the supper low. Listen! Surely that is a noise. terly dark. Then a great hoarse

table Katie gradually sensed the She raises her head slightly. Inshout rends the night air: "Merry

situation. Both parents were lookvoluntarily her breathing stops. Christmas! Merry Christmas!"

ing down at their plates when Someone is walking in stockinged The front door slams. Loring MacKatie spoke. feet. No, it must be only her Bride springs to his feet. Mrs.

"Don't feel bad, Mother dear. heart beating. Her hand clutches MacBride throws her arms about

We've said our prayers, you know. at her throat. There is no mistakhim and in fits of sobbing tells

Tomorrow we will all be laughing it this time. She sits upright, him Santa has come and Katie's

ing/"staring with wild eyes. The crevprayers are answered. Together

"Darling."they steal into the

"Yes, Daddy dear."room, switching on the

"This year Santa has light and looking back found many, many litto make sure the chiltle tots who are far dren are not awake.

worse off than we are. They stand in theirNow if poor Santa tries tracks—stupefied.

hard but does not sucSpeechless, they look ceed in getting this far, upon a beautiful tree

Dad's own little girls with mounds of parcels, won't feel too bad, will packages, bundles and they?"toys heaped about it.

A faint "No, Daddy MacBride is first to redear"came from Katie. cover. He steps up to

"You know, Katie, the tree and takes hold poor Dad has been out of an envelope. There

of work so long that is writing on both sides heSanta—hasn't a cent to give ofuntilit. after"Do breakfast."not open

"Oh, that's all Mrs. MacBride makes

right,"interrupted the toward one corner of trustful child, "Heaventhe room. There, in a

ly Father can get all the heap, are groceries, a money in the world if dressed turkey and evhe wants it and he is erything to go into a the one who will send Christmas dinner.

Santa!"* * *

* * * At breakfast the letter, opened, read:

"Dear Sir: I is almost "On my way down from morning. The snow They see a tree with mounds of parcels heaped about it. [Continued on page 123]

Music is Everywhere worthwhile person wants to know today is our constant what his reactions are and to deMUSIC are You cide what he is "going to do about companion. The steady What

it. of music development in Going, to Do Suppose we consider some of of the the popularity the schools,

sound advent of thephonograph, About It? availablethe musicalfor mostopportunitiesyoung people,now unithe especially pictures, and

versality of the radio, have brought and the way they may be utilized music into the most remote corBy by those who wish to make the speaker land. ners of our The loud

blocks and OSBOURNE McCONATHY most of them. business our melodizes

the wilderness resounds with the THIRST of all, there is the music offered schools. In by most one phonograph.portable No ciencyplus-beauty of his present schools are there today several need for cares music nowwho be output. branches of music study to open its pleasures. of deprived

the students: chorus, orchestra, universality practical this "X/f a source been With has always USIC classes in band, appreciation, and

it the problem achieved becomes pleasure. of obwe When occasionally others. Sometimes and thinking every of young man serve the musical enjoyment which these courses are truly superior, his just figure out to what get listening a people to beauwoman from with splendid teachers, fine equipis be to toward attitude or her tiful the satisfacor composition credit ment, for done, work and music mean Just music. what may derive participating tion they from enthusiastic groups students. of cultiis it to to be us; something in a can musical performance, we In other instances offerings are

appreciated, enmerely orvated, realize possibilities music what meager and instructors in limited

It escaped: can't bedured? all its offers how us. to of For with

it is ability. either case In well inthe of the can most make we availability constantly growing to that benefits the remember from evitable situation? ever increasing opportunity comes these offerings will in be just profor more people to partake of its portion to the interest and effort

TT has not been so many years joys. But while even the most which the student brings to them.

since the pursuit of music incasual listener derives some fun Where the classes are well organvolved such serious effort and exfrom certain kinds of music, a far ized and the instruction capable pense that only the talented had deeper enjoyment comes to the purand inspiring the student's part is listener. lots poseful are There the to atindustry and persistency simple easy. and even under But

of are perfectly satispeople who the most supertempt more than these favorable circumstances he fied acmerely with haphazard ficial acquaintance. Moreover we should lulled false not be the into

quaintance music, those with but preoccuso been haveAmericans assumption that he merely has to are concerned with making who naturalpied developing our with sit let passively instruction the and of life will content be not most rather the resources that been have we be is It into poured him. the stuindifferent to the cultivation of our with such casual contacts. The dent's efforts and not those of

inner resources for finer and richer the teacher that determine what living. Concentration on farming, pleasure and profit he is to get from

commerce, industry, and high fithe class. When, on the other

nance have had a tendency to abhand, the offerings are limited or sorb our interest to the exclusion the instructor is weak or poorly of attention to matters of culture. prepared, as sometimes unavoidArt, literature, and music have ably is the case, the student "cuts

taken a comparatively small place off his own nose to spite his face"in the intensive activities of our by refusing to elect music or by national life. carelessness, indifference or inattenBut times are rapidly changing. tion in class. Three or four eager

When such great leaders in our and active students who are deterbusiness world as Andrew Carmined to make the most of circumnegie, J. Pierpont Morgan, George stances can change an almost imEastman, Otto H. Kahn, and many possible situation to one teeming

others emphasize so strongly the with worthwhile interest. Often

value of cultivating our aesthetic one interested student possessed of natures, it may well be worth our zest and initiative can vitalize the while to give more than passing spirit of an entire school. There

consideration to this viewpoint of are numerous instances of students these successful men. There is taking such initiative in instituting

a world of suggestion in comparschool orchestras and bands, and ing the mere noisy efficiency of starting organizations to which the

Ford's early model with the effiThe Author authorities later were glad to give

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 87

official sanction and support. If ing books about musicians and on and ambitious listener will enyou believe that music can be a musical subjects? You may be sure deavor to prepare himself for the

purposeful part of your life, it is that the library board will be only concert by playing over the music not necessary to wait for your too happy to build up this departin advance, by hearing it on school to surround you with atment if it is made clear to them phonograph records, or by reading tractive opportunities. Your own that there will be a call for such about the composition, the cominterest and initiative and the cobooks. Go to the library and exposer, or the performer. In many

operation of a few sympathetically press this desire, and see that others places where other concerts are rare, minded fellow students is enough. who feel the same way do likethe school or community band

Give your hearty support to the wise. may occasionally be heard, and

situation as you find it, and if How about the music in your such appearances should be welconditions need improving, then church and Sunday School? Is comed. The attendance of interhelp to make them better. there a choir to which you may ested listeners will encourage the

belong? Do you join heartily in band and its leader to do their best

INCIDENTALLY a word may the congregational singing? Do and to work for improvement both

be helpful with respect to joinyou help make the organist feel in programs and performance.

ing an orchestra or band. Of more deeply interested in his part

course if you play well you are of the service by letting him know enterin a position to decide as to that some of the congregation are A NOTHER community whether or not the instrumental listening to his playing? Church prise which is practicable alike

group is one to which you are and Sunday School music often to large and small places is the proud to belong, one which your offer splendid opportunities for enMusic Study Club. To meet with

participation can improve, or one joyable musical experience or for other people who are eager to ento joy music about and more know service. and acceptable worthyso that efforts poor best your canit, to other, sing for play each and

let helpnot remind it. But you me

to interesting read about books and reference thethat has yet poor been sportsmanship somemade XTO are certainly enjoymusic—thesetimes a concert to attendance other or player good by shown

who stands aloof from his less community musical activities. able and stimulating experiences. sure, not every one may betalented schoolmates in their efforts While in the great cities there are To be

a skillful performer. But if emto concerts develop the usually splendid for orchestra or an band

is directed phasis to the music unis as quite these public, musicloving are not as similar unworthy to der consideration rather thanpoor beto the available always student athletic sportsmanship on the is the personality of the one who expense, distance, time, causefield. of poorly or play But if you

talspecial absence playing, the of or reasons. other is the smaller In situation all thenot at by no ent need embarrassing. not prove

>laces comparatively conhopeless, good several few as there aremeans studied school at music Often may are given. situapossibilities But in of certs to you. any open One into the be the or brought home it is tion to take importantthese is to most instrument undertake an club. the Sometimes phonograph concert advantage opskill, of whateverrequiring slight technical such

as several of the percussion instruportunities there are. Also, whenor player piano can contribute to

ments, eg. the triangle, the bass ever possible, the really interested sitionsthe meetingwhichbyarepresentingbeyond thecompotech-

drum, the cymbals, etc. These innical powers of any of the club

struments offer possibilities for usemembers.ful participation in which you

may enjoy many of the advantages Osbourne McConathy of ensemble experience. But do TJUT of all the devices which

not cherish the delusion that even jyR, McCONATHY needs no *** serve our beck and call, the readers, to introduction Era many radio seems reason to be the chief instrumentssuch may be played at the U. been having a speaker for the 'omnipresence of musit.without care and practice. in Effec- E. a leading 1928, and A.

tive artistry on any instrument neauthor of school books for grades, Indeed, so persistent is its raucous cessitates concentrated devotion. high schools and colleges. Thirtuvoice, that it often is considered

Another possibility is to undertake five years ago he went into the more a nuisance than a desirable itthe study of one of the less comschoolsfor someof yearsLouisville,he wasKy.,supervisorwhere factor in modern life. Far be

mon instruments. The leader will of music., conductor of choruses, from me to preach the muzzling

welcome and assist in every posleader of orchestras, etc. After this of the radio. That is a matter

Chelsea, in the schools of he was beginnersible an ambitious way decide each for must which himinto the before School going Mass., viola, the bass, the double theon self. there are where homes I know at UniverNorthwestern of Music several or alto or horn, French sity, years for twelve he where was is the the radio turned onother first but inconspicmuch desired Since very prominent. then he has thing in the morning and turned his headquarters, There are few madeuous instruments. New York

off last lights the night at with does a writes books, he where music experiences musical enjoyablemore >of bit lecturing, acts consultas is, and unless (that forget to turn we the in most eventhan membership in specialist education. ing musical it life off) goes, and on practicalinstru- a in capacity goodhumble particularly a popular been has He

mental ensemble. guest professor at the summer sesly unconscious of the noise except

sions of various schools. Northfor a nervous stimulation that

"XTEARLY every community has ifornia,western, BerkeleyColumbia,and Southernthis last Calyear "peps"up the day. Then there

- its public library. Has your at our own Utah Agricultural Colare other people whose chief inlibrary a good collection of mulege. terest in radio seems to be the dissic reference books and of interest- [Continued on page 101]

'Now you're a beauty, too, but in vatbev a different way."

Expatriation By HUGH J. CANNON

Chapter Five

Illustrated by Paul C. Clowes -

listened with less astonishment tell you. I love you and want

than she had anticipated. Before you to be my wife. You can

told her the account was entirely finished make me as happy as an admiralstory simply.N,ELLIt was the more he broke in impetuously: and at the same time solve your

pathetic because of her efforts to "But there's not a thing in this own troubles."

leave out of it all tragedy and perhistory to keep me from saying "No, my dear friend, it can't sonal heroism. The young fellow what I came from Ellice Island to ever be. You are gallant and genThe Improvement Era for December, 1930 89

erous, such a but step, instead of sidered by the bitterly. your said almost have "You whites—by solving troubles multiply would for example?"already indicated own parents, knowledge your

them. Besides, although he plead that my mother was not white.

insistently, I refused to marry the Did you know she was a Fijian?"

man to whom I was engaged and Officer hawley "Oh, Miss Nell! Why do you

I loved him as I shall never love did not find it easy to meet the insist on nailing me to the cross like anyone else."earnest, pleading eyes and voice of this? I'm not that coldblooded."

"Forgive me for my r ERHAPS bitterness.intend to reproachI didn't

I can't as win much I inmust but you, as love had. he once honest sist an upon

I about don't know answer."

if that. you'll But hear, I did "Well,

I'lllet try promme and a small boy as ise to love you make accident, quite by bit. a goodme Terry Mrs. that

clear You're Fijian."part was blood's through white—

as white as your spirit. And anyway I.T was

those things aren't wrong of me, Dick, looked at here as to insist upon an they are by your answer. And what

aristocratic friends."do I get out of it?

"Nate begged for Just what I expectpermission to come ed, confirmation of with me to Samoa an odious truth.

and.spend his life I've thought my

here. If marriage bark was cut adrift

were to be considfrom its anchorage, ered he naturally but now I feel that would be my choice. it, too, is on the

No, Dick, may I reef, and the watchcall you Dick toers are as impotent night? Such happito render help as

ness is not for me."they were in your

"But my dear story."

girl, I can't believe "But, girl, you there is even a sixwill break down teenth of colored under such stern blood in your veins. discipline. Can't I

In an amateurish hope that you will sort of way I've relax and be more studied these peohuman?"

ples and the pro- "Hope! Have you

ducts of mixed marever been on the riages. Will you "A schooner which traded among the Sarrtpan and adjacent groups. desert and seen a

forgive me when I mirage r That's say that I have studied you ever the attractive girl. His too palwhat hope would be in my case.

since learning you were a daughter pable embarrassment could not be It could lead to nothing but disof John Z. Terry? And I cannot concealed. appointment."

believe myself your bloodmake she insisted. 'There "Come!""Please do not consider my

is anything pure white."but hesitation; need for is no you impertinent, can question but do you

do nothing more than confirm and this man Everett correspond?"

I already what the know. Even "I never written have him, but seed of hope TINY little children mother A knew he my has disobeyed pleads and me life girl's to the in soulawoke white, pure not didn't was they? I let that or come come home him it transitory,but was nothhaving after learning identity, And live. here to my father, Mr. RedMy ining to root. fasten which

this information, forgotten never field, a got that promise from him Dick, "But, the with same all rethese years, through was see he not would without me my tellsbreath that believe you me vived, if see and to you watched his or consent. will Father own all white, confess to susme you evidence Fijian of any could blood give never first permission withoutpicions of Else mother. my why detected. be fail see to You any obtaining mine. will mine Anddid study you me?"decide to ask and in marhand my never be given."

The young man had no ready riage, thinking if such taint is not answer and the other continued: apparent in me it will not be in

"You knew my mother. Tell my offspring. But I am answer- I-LT was the first time

me honestly how she was coning the question for you,"she she had mentioned Nate's name 90 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

to anyone but herself since goodhad been brought to share her bye was said in Honolulu. To LATER in the day she banishment. Her own father had

speak of him and to confess the resolutely headed Dick off as he sent to New Zealand for it and love she still cherished, but must was about to repeat the declarahad given it to her the Christmas subdue, was too much. She broke tion of the night before and said before he died. Talita, the name

down completely. goodbye with a smile so blithe given it, had been her companion

"Poor little heroine!"Dick said ever since.

sympathetically after a long silence. "It's because I'm so homesick,"

"I have an idea of how you suffer. Merry Christmas, she persisted in telling herself.

I love you as intensely as it is in Friend "Dick is nothing more to me than my power to love, but will you an old friend. His boyish kindbelieve this positive truth, that I T,IS early eventide. Through ness made me, a mere baby, love

would give my life for your hapskies of gray him and his many qualities have piness? If I ever become convinced The rose hues of the sinking sun resurrected that love. But my reout their goodnight beams is for gard as that you'll innocent I'll Send never me, marry

kiss the To drooping eyes it of as waspersuade of the same to go you marhome and sleepy earth himthen—andnow

ry my rival. But please get this And bid her quietly repose. character. If I were free to marry

firmly fixed in your mind. I've The breezes stir, and stately silof course I should consider no one

trees houettedbeen but Nate. trained Free to marry! as a fighting I'm man,

plainly as the the Show sinking greater sun adding the obstacles, misery even to perto my the the harder Clothes in them robes'of amethyst fight, and I'll not abandon hope and gold. mit the thought to enter my mind.

of winning you for myself. In And as the last rays slip away My real father's attitude must nevsnowflakes, The falling slowly is er doll spite determine hurricanes mine. of This reefs you'll and

to pause, Seem and bid the sun to the ever to be pressed findalways only babe me, like Admiral Kimgood-night, berly, on the bridge fighting until Then drift on down to earth and my bosom; I am never to know

the ship is saved or lost, but unnestle there the sweetness of my own baby's like the old sea dog, I'll save the Content to know their work is hand upon my neck."

done. ship,"Above, the stars begin to twinkle "Don't run your vessel heedoverhead, lessly on the reef. It's late, Dick. A million diamonds in a sea of TiHE girl was sure Nate

blue; of chivalry was the embodimentPlease

silvery take me home,"was her Their light serene and honor. clear and tempt Nothing couldonly comment. Reflecting the through falling

snow. him to waver in devotion to her

A cloud of dull transparent thinas long as any ties bound them ness together; these ties but were disnow SADEYED, A lazily it along, Moves as passes and allconsolate severed; released he young was from looked woman moonlight the meets starlight Theback every at Nell obligation to her her she from and as mirror is all in glothe world bathed she And

made tier toilette on the morning rious sheen. herself had urged him to find forfollowing the boat ride. The Silent, tranquil night! getfulness in the society of other

calm beautiful and ladies. been to see; worthynight had young populous No doubt rest in peace; with OhSerenelyghosts sooner or Hater spectral whose avail he would alt hands the Let in reverence world

snatched happiness away each time bow—himself of this freedom. To Dick

she attempted to grasp it. Dick's Tonight is Christmas Eve. no promise had been given or imsuggestion that she was too harsh And with the dawn of Christmas plied. So long as he was stationed

with herself, offered as it seemed From Daylands both far and near in this vicinity, seeing her occaalmost casually, had found lodgIn song and book and every way sionally and deprived of the asment in her brain, and doubt as Will come the Christmas cheer. sociation of other girls, he might

to the correctness of her position "Health,Friend,happiness, and luck, Old go on fighting, but once away she added to her other troubles. Had I want them all, for you; would be a mere memory as she

he pursued the thought vigorously Along with these I want to send had been for twenty years. Both

she would have fought and exGood wishes, not a few. men would marry elsewhere; betpelled it, but left to itself it had For Oldderstand.Time's sake: you'll unter for her to become reconciled to

insidiously gained some foothold. These thinos I want to say; the inevitable.

Another thing greatly surprised I mean it. Merry Christmas. Friend. Her thoughts without proper

bless Heaven your way; Man her. She feltand startled more guidance ran wildly the past from

also. Friend, Year. Happy A New a transient pleasure in Dick'sthan to the present future. and But cah every For and day."

statement that he was a fighting—Blanche Robbins. confusedly she determined to reman and would never abandon construct her defenses. She must

hope. never give up the fight. Only one

But, she concluded, it wasn't thing, she wisely concluded, would that she cared for Dick except as that it was apparent the lieutenkeep her from utter collapse. That

a delightful acquaintance; she was ant's fighting spirit was put to the was hard work.

starving for affection, to see her test. For her part she made her

father and mother, Nate, Jessie. way homeward, with heavy heart,

to the cottage which now seemed exfeelings so seemingly pent had beenHer up W ITH lonely. unbearably the boiler strength durlong, haustless energy and like a steam with

safety valve closed, that an exOnce there, she picked up her ing succeeding days she pursued plosion was imminent. doll, the childish plaything which her selfappointed duties. Among

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 91

other things she had responded to as most of them are by coral reefs.

the invitation of one of the Church GiGRADUALLY the That these are extremely dangerof England missionaries and was colorful picture was supplanted by ous is attested by the numerous conducting the school which his one less brilliant but no less beautihulks of wrecked vessels so comwife, because of poor health, had ful; mellow purples and yellows mon in the South Pacific.

been obliged to relinquish. The replaced the brighter hues. GazEven Nell's dependable nerves

alert children sat in a semicircle ing oceanward one could not be were not strong enough to witness about her on the pebble floor, their sure where sky and water met; without an occasional scream the

dark faces, lustrous eyes and glisapparently one contained as many shark fishing which they saw upon tening teeth making a charming luminous bodies as the other. Of arrival at the harbor at Gardner

picture. course the north star and the great Island. In other places she had

It was customary for them upon bear could not be seen, but the seen the natives use large pieces of assembling to commence with southern cross was readily discernpork as bait in their fishing, but scriptural quotations, and Nell was ible. here they were using nothing less

greatly surprised at the number Immediately west of Samoa lies than human beings for such hazof passages with which they were the imaginary 180th meridian, and ardous purpose. The harbor

familiar. It touched her deeply someone has said that here the swarmed with maneating sharks

when a little maid with cherubic traveler sails from today into day which, though urged on by appeface lisped in broken English, after tomorrow. The Emmett tite and curiosity, were rather shy

"Trust in the Lord, and do good: party left Apia Tuesday afternoon and would not venture too near

so shalt thou dwell in the land, and when they got up on the folthe boats of the fishermen.

and verily thou shalt be fed. Delowing morning it was Thursday.

light thyself also in the Lord: and The lost day could be recovered

attract attention,he shall give thee the desires of only by crossing this same line 1 O around ropes fastened natives with traveling eastward it were when, ifthy heart."Emboldened by the

the waists jump into would traversed foltheir the on Wednesday smile, the child continued;pleased

"Mother say 'Misi Re'field'do lowing day would be Wednesday water. Nell could not restrain a

good and she'll live long time with also. terrified shriek as one of the swimus. mers got fairly into the group of

dangerous fish. Hungrily.they

"If I am doing good, little one,"TiHE love of adventure darted toward him, but he dexcame softly from the teacher, "the was strong upon Nell and each trously avoided them and with

Lord is giving me the desires of hour brought with it a rich load the aid of the men in the boat, my heart. I have no other desire of delight. The Emmetts were who tugged vigorously at the rope,

which can possibly be fulfilled."companionable; the accommodawas jerked out of the water just

tions, though in no manner reas a dozen hungry jaws snapped sembling those of an ocean liner, at his legs. Then harpoons were

A.MONG the natives were adequate and comfortable. thrown into the backs of the disand those of mixed blood, Nell While depending usually upon the appointed sharks, and the natives

found many intelligent and beauwind for motive power, the boat made a great haul.

tiful characters. Robert Emmett, possessed a small gasoline engine From the Phoenix group the

named after Robert Louis Stevenwhich could be used in a calm and schooner sailed unexpectedly to son, who was a dear friend of the in working its way in and out Fiji. More than once the opporEmmett family, and his wife Lena, of the intricate harbors, guarded tunity had come to Nell to visit

both of them half white, became Suva, main port of the Fijian Isher intimate associates. Young lands, but each time she had shudEmmett was interested in a schoonderingly refused to go. The

er which traded among the Sathought of looking upon these peomoan and adjacent groups of isple—her own people, with kinky lands. Often Nell had promised hair and thick lips—had been inherself and them to accompany tolerable; but now Mr. Emmett

Mr. and Mrs. Emmett on one of saw a chance for profitable trading

these trips. Upon renewal of the at that point. In addition he was

invitation she consented, and late sure the more extended trip would his pleasure the which one afternoon they left Apia with prolong friend daily her had exwife and

Gardner Islands of the Phoenix pressed. They were on deck at

group as their destination. twilight enjoying the cooling

No highly polished mirror could breeze after a sultry day when he be smoother than was the sea. The told them of the changed plans.

lustrous colors of a perfect tropical Nell, visibly perturbed, could not sunset were artistically mingled wholly conceal her dismay. Lena

with the changeable verdure of the asked:

shore. Before them, on their right

hand, was the island of Savaii WiHAT'S the matter?

which disputes with Hawaii the Don't you want to go to Fiji?"

honor of being the original home "Of course we must go since of the Polynesian race. 'Nelly was deuced smart and clever,"[Continued on page 108]

The Daughter o a Fool By BLANCHE KENDALL McKEY

Illustrated by Paul C. Clowes

V--/N Christmas Eve, the night before Eileen turned eighteen, she laid her hand timidly upon the handle of her mother's dressingroom door. A highpitched voice within gave a command, and the maid's low monosyllable answered it. Eileen withdrew her hand quickly and stood

a moment undecided. She fingered

nervously a letter which she carried, then slipping it into a pocket in her dress, she rapped timorously upon the door..

Her mother, who was seated before a triplemirrored dressingtable, turned as she entered. Even

in the flare of the strong lights surrounding her the woman's luxuriant, marcelled hair betrayed artificial bleaching. Upon one cheek

there was a daub of unblended rouge. 'This is no time to interrupt me,"she said irritably.

"I know,"replied the girl in a low voice, "I'll only stay a moment. May I—may I go to New

York on the early morning train?"

"Why so early?"

"Grandfather is ill,"the girl replied. "I just received this special

delivery letter. That's why I'm

troubling you at such an inconvenient time. May I go?"

"Where is the letter?"her moth-

"It was like the good old er asked.

high school hops had come to life again."

iLlLEEN dug into her pocket and laid the envelope in

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 93

the beringed oustretched hand. failed. She did not feel resentbud, unconsciously she stretched

The woman read aloud: ment for her mother; she felt pity. one hand out a little, then drew

"'Dear Eileen: My neuralgia is She recalled with horror her comit back quickly, fearfully. She

acting up again. Can't you come ing out party a month or two behad had a feeling for a long time

anticipation, that in some unsteady moment sheearly and cheer the old man? fore—her mother's

'Grandfather.'her enthusiasm, her lavish expendwould stretch out her hand in an

He always writes about the same."iture of money, time and effort attempt to cling to something

"Yes,"answered Eileen simply. and her cold, spiritless "Goodand there would be nothing there;

"And when you get there he night"when at last Eileen had and she would fall, fall slowly, is well enough to take you to the departed dismally for bed. through shadowy mists, endlessly

theatre,"her mother commented down, as one falls in a dream.

contemptuously. recalled her AsLS Eileen to defend Eileen wanted as a society her first few appearances

she weren't JHE crossed to thegrandfather. If only

such a coward! She lifted her grand piano, and ran her hand

drooping shoulders a little; but lovingly across its shining top. Its

her mother, now daubing the unimmobility steadied her. There

painted cheek, spoke suddenly: was something majestic about its

"And the letters come very ofsilence, in the fact of its having ten."so much music shut up inside. How

Eileen's shoulders went down admirable to wait silently—in maagain. jesty! All her life she had waited

to free the music in her heart, waited silently often, but never

I KNOW, mother,"she majestically. Majesty was not for

said softly. "They come often her. She belonged with the turnow, but some day they won't bulent, the impatient, the fearful,come at all and then -—"The the unserene. Her birthright was

words ended in a throaty inarticuthe cap and bells.

late sound. She looked at her She heard the voice of her mothmother appealingly. er's fiance speaking in the lower

"Please let me go,"she said, her hall; and after a time her mother's

eyes welling with sudden tears. highpitched, gay greeting floated

Her mother saw the tears. She upward to the silent room. Then

gave a short laugh that broke off came the sound of the limousine, discordantly. which grew gradually less indi-

"You are almost a woman and vidual, and was finally lost in the spineless,"she said icily. "Your general noise of the boulevard.

father's child!"

Eileen came forward a pace or two. Her pale face had flushed JtLlLEEN felt secure and

pink. warm. She seated herself at the

piano and began to gay with "Just was what wrong play—airy,

as music, if the laughter If I a she had father? woam almostmy

man I ought to know."missed had been locked in her heart

"You have always known. and was suddenly set free. Her

There is nothing new to tell. He mood changing, she began to play

was a fool."She called abruptly tender melodies, the kind grandto her maid, who was taking from father asked for. In the dim corthe adjoining closet a shimmering ner she could almost see him reyellow gown: clining in the big chair as he did

at home, at smiling shoulders, powder "Come my he had a way pearls; as of her—queerly,doing when bringAnne, and my

quick!"she sat at her father's piano and

Eileen was dismissed. Her quesplayed in the twilight. She could

tion was unanswered, but she left never forget one evening. Grandthe room silently, unprotestingly, father was bending over her. "You

as became a fool's daughter. play just as your father used to,"

he had said. She looked up into

the thin face with its tightly drawn

BLINKING into the skin and into the keen, clear blue music room, the girl clung to the eyes. "Was father a fool?"she

handle of the door as she closed it, had asked. And he had stared at

her tall figure bent, her head bowed her a long time, his face ghastly upon her chest. She was tired of as he struggled to control trembling

being a worm of the dust. She lips and fingers. Then he had

couldn't help what her father had turned away abruptly. "At one

been. She herself had tried to be "When Eileen opened the door a woman time I thought he was,"the old

more than a fool, and she had was standing at the piano."man had said. "But we loved

94 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

him."The fading light from the "It seems ages since I saw you, pale face of sorrow, but tonight

window had fallen full upon the Eileen. It was wonderful to see I laugh! I laugh!"

shaking frail frame and the bowed you sitting up there by the piano Christmas chimes were softly head, and the terror his anguish under that big lamp. I wish we peeling midnight when they

had inspired even now bore in uphad never graduated from high reached Eileen's door.

on Eileen's shrinking spirit. school.""May I wish you 'Merry

Though mountains moved, and "Don't you like college?'Christmas'tomorrow, Eileen?"

oceans ceased to roll she would "Not without you. Why don't "We are going to New York to

never again mention the name "fayou go?"spend Christmas evening with

ther"to the old man she loved. "Mother didn't want me to this Grandfather. I am going early in

It caused too much suffering. year. She says I'm such a bookthe morning, I hope."She looked

worm that I'm dull. She's trying at the still street, sparkling under

to get me interested in real life."the arc light like a fancy Christmas

RRUMMAGING through "Succeeding?"card, at the frozen trees, the large

an old music box an hour later, "Not at all. I'm a total failure, solemn stars, summoning courage

Eileen found something which Jimmie."to look into his face and say:

changed the whole current of her There was a tremolo in Eileen's 'There's a young man in New for when on thethoughts; morrow soft voice that stirred Jimmie's York whom mother wants me to

eighteen, had turnshe would strings. her heart marry."

father been living she would have "Say, Eileen,"he cried, "there's "Do you like him?"been facing an issue—a choice be- a good celebration at the College "Not at all. But he has scads

accordance in parents, hertween the holly and Inn tonight. I saw of money—and what goes with divorce edict of thewith the are it."by. law. candles There as I went

her tonight, mind withinUntil is special singers lady and every it goes "Sometimes with what conclusion foregone the restedhad a soupresented to going be with isn't like to so good. you Would remained havethat she would go!"chocolates. Let's with venir of box marry him?"choose for wouldher mother, who I?"and "You "Goodness, no!"Eileen a fool? what But to follow

found set her to wondering. It "Yes. Why not? It's better 'Then square your shoulders

was a small typewritten manuthan sitting here alone on Christand fight."

script of short poems arranged in mas eve.""You won't understand, Jimbook-form, ready for the press. "Oh, I'm afraid!"But she mie,"said the girl solemnly. "A

The verses were exquisite and dedwent. person can grapple with living men

icated to "Father,"and had been and women, but it's hard to fight copyrighted by Edward T. Hayes, dead people."

like the good IT was Jr. people!""Dead he gasped. He life to hops come

certainly didn't understand. But red, While the girl was turning the oldagain.highEileen'sschool flushed cheeks

of ball soft a wonderingly, pages he in the understood Eileen's look every nerve living. of her body pane large the struck window eyes, troubledsnow to raised his face the to music, swayed As she an

sitting. She she was near which the with falling full moonlight line absurd kept running through

falling; out. was snowlooked No upon did them and that something her "I head: the have gazed on

a clear sky. in stars gleaming were of both them, before, hours two

Another soft ball struck and froze thought utterly impossible. He

to the icy pane. She looked down. leaned down and kissed her.

at ChristmasA young man stood on the garden A Prayer "Oh, Jimmie, you mustn't do path, knocking fingers into op- A MID the Christmas greetings, that."He for warmth. posite palms JLl. gifts cheer and stiff a upperlip,""Keep he moonlight a smile. remember her flashed Thee, we The May rather Oh whispered breathlessly. "I'm Christ King, our teeth and dancfell gleaming upon you, with and not a I'm dead birth celebrate Whose this holy we he eyes. Xmas!""Merry ing day,'one."

called. Of whose great love the hosts of

She opened the French door a heaven sing!

crack. night when THAT reentered her "Come in, Jimmie."If butheart,Thy love could enter ev'ry Eileen's mother

"Oh, no!"He looked fearfully This world would be a heaven dressing room, she found her

into the great windows of the filled with peace, daughter waiting in the firelight.

is lower floor. For God love, and love is peace; The mother's jewels, her yellow and Thou,

Oh King of heav'n and earth, art gown and hair seemed to bring

I light into the shadows. Eileen "There's nobody Prince of Peace

seen her thought she had never girl, the called but me,"home the Christlike spirit fill her Oh may look so beautiful. There was in the thin frozen nose almost our hearts

current of icy air. With charity and peace and love something warm about her, glowing, living. sincere, joythe all right!"came "Oh,

it in our sink deep may And souls mother's promised answer. ous She thoughthusband—ofof her stay and kiss. Jimmie's I'll let in you a minute; "Wait all throughjust but today, Not

myself."out the year. "I waited to see if I could go to In a moment or two he was—Nona H. Brown. New York early in the morning,"

thawing out in the library. said Eileen timidly.

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 95

'Yes, you may go,"her mother quiet of her room she sank into replied. untroubled slumber.

The girl felt an impulse to touch her. "I hope you'll be very

happy in your marriage, mother,"T*HAT afternoon it she said eagerly. was grandfather's fate to take a

'Thanks, dear. I ought to be. dose of his own medicine.

The Grayson fortune is as secure "And you just getting over a as your own; the Grayson name as bad spell,"Eileen argued. "Itsolid in business as E. T. Hayes. was bad—I can see by your face.

Grayson'is open sesame to the No nap this afternoon, no opera best houses in the East."tonight,"the young tyrant finEileen had risen, and had gone ished. E. T. Hayes surrendered.

impulsively towards her mother; He fell into sleep as suddenly as

but as the woman spoke she does a tired child. Eileen gazed

stopped, rigid. A sort of pity tenderly upon the waxenwhiteness

arose within her for the man had been tender enough to write who Going to the dance. transparentof his skin, hands—kindlyupon his frail, almosthands.

exultantly She drank in his lookthe manuscript she was crushing in nobility, "They're not yours. They are of of did which slumberher hands.

are dedicated grandfather's. They rob not him. She thinking was said, she "Mother,"abruptly,

hysterically. to him,"she cried verses of the written his son hadin a throaty tone, father "did write

these verses?"The woman took a step towards his son, who had been a fool.

her, her chin thrust out. The girl Settling herself in a large chair

backed quickly to the doorway, her near her grandfather she once more 1 HE woman's eyes fell eyes riveted upon her mother's face. opened the small collection of

upon the booklike manuscript. She "They are not ours,"she poems, and as she calmly read, the

stood immovable. Eileen's two wailed. 'They are grandfather's. butler entered the room.

hands clung to the papers. She They can't be destroyed. I don't "Hush!"warned Eileen,

was dreadfully afraid that she believe a fool could write such "Grandfather's sleeping. What is

would stretch one of them out verse."She fled, sobbing, down it?"

and then would fall into the shathe long hall, and reaching her "There's a woman at the door, dowy mist. chamber, slammed the door, turnMiss, who insists upon seeing Mr. The woman drew herself up to ing the key in terror—in terror at Hayes,"the man said in low tones.

the full height of her striking figher own daring. "Who is she?"Eileen asked.

ure.. The pearls moved slowly upIt was a pale Eileen whom Ed- "She refused to give her name."

on her breast. ward T. Hayes greeted. "What kind of woman?"

"What verses?'she queried in "111?"he asked tenderly. "A poor woman I should judge,

staccato accents. "No. Up too late. How's the Miss. She's rather excited. She

"These,"breathlessly. neuralgia, grandfather?"says its a case of life and death."

She took the manuscript. She "Better."The lines of his disFor her mother, Eileen had inturned a page. tinguished face broke suddenly interviewed a good many "poor wo-

'The star that shines above, to a boyish grin. 'Tonight if men."

O spirit turbulent, we can manage it we'll go to the "Show her into the small reThat shines above the cloud, opera."ceptionroom,"the girl said. "I Unbound, serene—"Just you and I?"she queried, will see her myself."

She closed the book and slowly eagerly.

rounded it into a loose roll. Hold- "If your mother hasn't made

opened HEN Eileen other plans."ing it tightly in she hands, both W was standing womanstared figure at the probably has,"the girl the door a drab in the "She

the piano, the piano that had a Aftershadow. so grimly. the time glad to by "But I'm woman said the been property T. of Edward fell she continued be here another word anyway,"spoke. One upon

heavily. softly, her eyes sweeping the small Hayes, Jr. She was clinging to its

the edge fingertips hand. by of one area separated snowcovered which I "I thought evdestroyed had stature, small This was of woman the the avenue. mansion fromery disagreeable reminder,"she her suit plain and wellcut. was her grandlook Something in madesaid slowly. "Swept them from girl as turned She nervously the father the of things he think had life, and from memory.my my entered, visibly steadying herself a as that boy, had wanted and are distasteful!"These fingers. her Eileen accusby was never come. quickly the turned She towards to looking tomed upon women

glowing hearth. "How's the music?"he asked. with artificially tinted cheeks and

"No, no! No, no!"Eileen had "It's coming."Her face belips. This woman's face was like

swung in front of the fire. came adorably alive. "And I've the snow that had drifted upon

'You shall not!"she cried. written another song. I'll play it the casement at her side. All her

tonight before the lights come on."life Eileen had been afraid of run-

"But right now, the first thing ning unexpectedly upon a ghost.

)HE struggled; she on the program is a sleep."Mr. Now the stranger fixed her with

wrenched the manuscript out of Hayes prescribed, decidedly. Eileen her blue eyes, and the girl noticed

the strong hands. knew revolt was useless. In the [Continued on page 1 IZ\

OHE'S had a terrible like shock, be won't She Andy. BROWN time, a long, self for her old long V hisN.OAHscratched head, squirmed and v -vr but maybe—like chair. in his didn'tabout He

the arrangement. "Oh, Miz Brown, I'd lots rather

s live I won't with a %mr in put Andy "We could feel bad if school, course,"Auntshe's—not—friendly,Sue, an'ofboarding Anwife,nie, his arguher continued

"V—justyou know.miz'bleI knowwith howa bigshe lumpfeels "Tisn't on as if hement. was

charity. There's a plenty to edright here."His little fist pressed

against his her showed lump own selling a him—without spot. the pressed her face Annie or farm, or any- 7/ f ( J \ 7.1 MiiKrxWucatething—stock, to his; got suddenly and up Noah but, it'sthing; Sue Blake I'm

thinking about. The shock of and went to gaze out the window.

Ed's death has changed her awful, "Maybe we'd both get over it and I'm banking on little Andrew together,"he said hopefully, after to bring her to."a little silence.

"Well, you just remember that you don't have to stay, Andy. If

1 ES, but didn't you you find Aunt Sue too—unfriendsay she told you emphatically that come right to us. Just ly—you his that the didn't boy;she don't remember you have to stay,"want Really killed and her shefather husband, again. reminded had him A

she's never forget it fer the boy? "Oh, yes, I do have to stay,"

Gosh, Annie, I'd a never thought Andy shook his head. "Daddy 'd

thataturn out BlakeSue would she won't Merry hit kindest trouble. I guess."under Theway wantme—orme to.anything,Anyway,

woman in this country, and now "If she ever does, Andy,"said jest because Andy's father took Ed Noah whirling about from hisin his car to that meeting, and a Christmas windowgazing, "You come and drunk runs into 'em, and kills 'em tell me, do you hear—whether you

both, she hates the little shaver. want to leave or not. Will you

I wouldn't leave the boy with her, By promise you'll come and tell me to. afraid I'dAnnie. be you—or threatens She MARGARET C. MOLONEY ifto:?"she ever hits head. That's her inain't right

a fact. I don't think it would "Yes, sir,"said Andy. "But

sure to keep for us Sue won't."wisebe Aunt when him

to her. for seem It don't me I'm pretty

all fights time, easier the Jack andhim call like to act got any that she's

I in school."say putbut him whole months 1 doin'."she's WO

the twelve year old Spartan bat- a long was 1 HAT to "TIT was the shock, Noah. tleddearthwithofhisloveownandgrief,welcome,Aunt Sue'sand silent, thespeech for Noah,

If says he he comes Andy. the chores. In vain did Noah of Here sole as guardian the butmake,

let Sue, will to to you go wants argue with Blake Sue getting about taken since deaththe had boy, I promise just a for tryout? him, to a part someone the of do felt work coguardian, he Blake, theEd

I'll keep eye that on him you my fell that the to on boy. She responsibility Hanlon Johnthe

it I if see all that time; the and it. wouldn't hear to the Even he made had on puthad when him

tell I'll mighty you won't work lad, himself, stubborn was about about worried will,his he was and the wisdom of curing Sue Blake at quick."keeping on with the chores, doing

the sacrifice of John Hanlon's son. "Well,"said Noah, grudgingly, before and after school hours work

"Let's leave him one month, "if he wants to stay with her; but, that would have taxed a grownanyway, Noah,"pleaded the wife. if he makes the least objection I'll man—with never a word of ap-"She said he could stay there till back him."preciation—a word of any kind,

we got our arrangements made for "We were just talking about that the woman could avoid utterhim. I'll tell Andy that his Aunt you, Andy,"Annie told the ing.

Sue, as he always called her, is mournful little fellow that enFinally, just a week before all broke up, and, I'm sure he'll tered, holding out her arm for him. Christmas Annie came to the conbring her out of it.""I thought you might rather go clusion that her experiment had

"It's Andy that's all broke up. to live with Aunt Sue and keep been a terrible failure.

You know that. He's been robbed on in school here than go off to

of a father that lived for him. boarding school."AilNDY was feeding

He never knew anything but love; "Oh, yes,"the little fellow the turkeys, big noisy fat birds,

but, Sue! Oh, of course, Ed wa'nt brightened, then his face clouded that had thrived on his care. Annieever mean to her; but look at the quickly—"if she'd want me."had coaxed Mrs. Blake out to the

money he piled up, and never a Annie's arm tightened about pen to see them.

thing in that house to make it him. [Continued on page 102]

The BLUE SPRUCE

IVY WILLIAMS STONE

Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith

AVID LOCKWOOD the first had shaggy, beetling eyebrows, from which steel blue eyes glared at his enemies and repulsed wouldbe-friends.

When beaten men stood before the mahogany desk marked "President,"they expected and received scant mercy from those cold, calculating eyes.

David Lockwood the second had dreamy, visionary brown eyes that saw beauty in every sunset and converted commonplace meadows into pastoral scenes. He

paid little attention to matters of money, for there were too many beautiful pictures that needed to be painted.

David Lockwood the third had deep blue, mischievous eyes that dared you to kiss the dimples in his neck. Mortgages and interest,

to shrink wither'tie seemed and caused in his chair, canvas him and pigments at e he that canvas."gazed anxiety His greatest no concern.

was keeping track of his building 98 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

blocks, and finding hidden sweets empty living room, watching that brows drew closer and the comin his daddy's pockets. no one molested his beautiful blue mittee withdrew, knowing that

spruce tree that decorated the front the crisp, December afternoon was lawn. He had used his favorite warmer than the atmosphere of

KJN the afternoon of word, "NO,"on all his visitors. David Lockwood's home.

December the twentyfourth, DaHe had thundered it at the GoodLeft alone, David the first setvid the third searched his home fellows, when they came, pleading tled himself by the window, to for his beloved blocks. They had for assistance. He had flung it watch that the enterprising combeen gone for several days. Almittee did not return to wire the

though they were scarred and battree. It was a perfect tree. The

tered they made wonderful bridges thick, flat branches spread out in and castles. He searched everysymmetrical perfection, everyone

where except in the forbidden horizontal from the sturdy, invis- "daddy's room,"which had the ible trunk. No unsightly, dead

most interesting smells and paints limbs; every tiny needle alive with

and pictures. There was one picvigor, individual, sharp. Rising

ture he liked best. He had helped in a perfect cone, the tree stood

make it. He had stood ever so alone in its beauty. The greenstill, while daddy sketched and blue color was accentuated by the

rubbed out and sketched again. carpet of snow. In fancy, he

David the third, with his smiles'smelled the pungent odor which and his laughing eyes, was quite the tree always exuded.

unaware that there existed a David David Lockwood the Second the first whom he had never seen, and who never spoke to his daddy. emphatically at old Marietta, the lS he watched the A play upon hisEverybody in the whole world housekeeper, when she asked perslanting sunlight

loved daddy. Why, he could mission to put oysters in the turkey treasure, the years rolled backward

throw you so high in the air and dressing. Last of all, he had turned for David the first. They were

always catch you, and kept such purple around the temples and said planting the tree, he and the boy, nice things in his pockets. it many times to the committee and the mother, who had given the

on Outdoor Christmas Decoration, boy those limpid, impractical eyes.

Oi'N the same afternoon, whenspruce theytree. asked to illuminate the Theheld boythe spadestood whileby the theholefatherand

the locked second inDavid was tree set straight. balled the Then specisymmetrical "It's the most losthis studio, repainting the tip the the held proudly had boy

I illuminated ever saw. An men letters Fresh, brightblocks. and it tree, to tiny balance the of while

lights colored top, star the with on replaced the ones. fadednumerals soil. the the in shoveled father

first the all bring will you around, scenes appeared Goose MotherNew joined Afterwards, they hands and chairprize, Lockwood."Mr. The touch. his he magicunder As tree, singing the one danced around

worked, the dreamy expression of man spoke with enthusiasm. of her poem songs. She was alhis eyes changed to concern, and "No,"thundered David the ways writing jingles. When she

a little pucker drew his brows first. should have been scrubbing floors

together. Christmas Eve was the "If your itree is lighted, the or baking pies, she was fashioning

very hardest day to endure, knowcarolers will serenade you,"offered some rhyme or setting it to musk.

ing that your wealthy, stubborn, the second committeeman.

lonely father had never seen his "No,"the favorite expression "GrowGrow andtogether,fill ourtree livesand withboy, joy.

cherublike grandson. That declinlost no force by frequent repetition. Boy, grow honest, straight and good;

ing years were being shortened "It's the prettiest blue pine I Tree, grow tall with wormless wood!"

with bitterness, and baby years ever saw,"timidly the third memcheated of a grandfather. Each ber spoke to his sorrow. needed the other, and this grave W:ELL, they had

anxiety caused David the second 'grown all right, the boy taller to become temporarily practical. PlNE!"mocked David than the father. But only the tree

"If I could just manage to make the first with open scorn. "Much had fulfilled the song. Could you

them meet,"he mused, critically you krjow about trees. There is call a boy honest who wouldn't

studying a blue Jack Horner with no blue pine. There are white enter his father's bank and learn

a yellow pie, "all would be solved. pines, and yellow pines and red the business from the ground up?

No stubborn old man, not even pines. But blue trees are spruces. Was he playing straight when he

the town's *richest banker, could Picea Parryana is the botanical defied his father and married the withstand the charms of David name. Pine needles come in only forbidden girl in the whole

Lockwood the third. Think of bunches, while spruce needles grow world? A daughter of his arch

father, spending another solitary singly, and they're sharp and competitor! The one man who

Christmas in his big house!"prickly. Tell your electricians to blocked the path of David Lockdecorate trees that are not beautiful wood's financial supremacy of the

in themselves. Tell your carolers town. -That his only son should

his unknown to sing where people cling to old be a painter—a dauber with turgrandson huntedWfHILEfor his blocks and customs. I won't have candles in pentine and oils! He had hoped

his son worked in his studio, David my windows, and I won't have the boy would be starved into

Lockwood the first sat in his huge, lights on my tree!"The shaggy submission. But the mother who

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 99

wrote poetry had provided for art His eyes were not visionary brown, school. Thus the son was not supHi.E tore at the wrapbut a dark blue. Eyes of mischief,

pliant and repentant, because he pings, and a moment later an oil that would grow to steely blue was not starving! canvas stood revealed, a bit of with maturity; eyes that saw

string still clinging to the frame. mortgages instead of oils. A

A small card was tucked in the throwback! David the first knew

corner, Planting."labeled 'The a child, Marietta there had was at the ring long look first took David the one A SHARP far that her gossip gotten with first thedoorbell brought David

back to reality with a start. Where before he had been able to check

was Marietta? Sneaking oysters inher. He had not even known the

to the dressing? He didn't intend child was a boy.

to buy any homemade doughtnuts or embroidered laundry bags or D,/AVID the first slumped wax flowers. He would listen to no in his chair. His wish had been

sob story of unemployment or denied. His son had not failed.

sickness or hunger. Always he had cherished the hope

After a lengthy discussion at the that the boy, sensing his mistake, door, Marietta appeared, struggling would return. Granting that, he

under the weight of a large, flat could learn to tolerate the forpackage. bidden woman. Men had made

"F-r-a-g-i-1-e,"she puffed. good bankers who trained late in

"Ain't nobody lives here by that life. But this picture would live.

name, but they says this was the David, his son, would never be a place. Took two boys to bring financial power. Defeated men

it."She examined it carefully, would never lean over his mahogexercising the liberty of an old David Lockwood the Third any desk, begging for mercy. No

servant. 'Tain't no parcel post, widow would ever be evicted at

nor C. O. D. It's got them 'do and his heart missed a beat, while his order. But this picture would

not open till Christmas'plasters his chin set in hard lines. In the go down to posterity. It would

all over it. Want me to lean it background was a garden of hollybe a living, vital testimony of

'gainst the piano till mornin'?"hocks. At the very front of the achievement long after David the

picture lay a spade on a mound of first and his fortune were forgotten. supple, graceful The body earth. spruce fresh small blue A

clever the the of boy, use of two the hole held in being open was veined, HEAVILY blue, shades of true the depiction little a sturdy boy. man by A Aindicated cold the that packhand faces of the joy parents, the of on side, either a at stood and woman chair. his age placed 'Tell be by all revealed artistic ability. Like faces their radiantly happy. The stoke the extra to furnace John the of Innocence"the "Age and sleeveless suit blue, child the of I tree shallheavy. until watch my "Infant Samuel,"which hung had fainter the accentuated the blue of voice midnight."did not The in his this picture bedroom, would tree. first eyethe the David drew invite confidence, sighing her and live, attain value, and people and their scowl. into accustomed brows disappointment, Marietta withits love revere creator. would and if as back, to His gain drew arm this in drew. Christmas packages Marietta Although announced to the clinched send momentum unusual. household were Every first three times, dinner the David fist the canvas. through How year she her gave and Mr. huband stir. did not to shrink seemed He the a flaunt dared upstart young a muffler. silk blackLockwood chair, in as wither his and gazed he cherished before old an memory received year a she Every hot new at the canvas. shoulders, Square he, man'David Lockwood, Had bottle, a of water pair and John this arms, child not plump would the ever banker, grasping looked seovershoes. surprises; no No pictures. be painter of Perhaps like in picture, the the withman tree. tissue crecy; or paper no The he deskability

a amight—mahogany suspicion, full scowl, out without three dined together Christmas, on eyes, to no, say fearpenetrating his of vision for the son? But the gosconsisting conversation of less, foreclosures. usury and David true. browneyed She was woman sip Marietta cold from and nods first fitfully chair. slept the in his

selike that, always looked had long from David Lockwood. So a sense of awakened was He by rene, visionary, undisturbed. as turkey were and pudding plum chill, a muffled, and chopping

still in evidence, John had no time sound. He rang immediately for

for conversation. TiHE clenched hand Marietta, who appeared in curlers

David the first waited until tightened until the veins seemed and dressing gown. He had slept

Marietta's retreating footsteps asto knot, then dropped motionless into the early night.

sured him privacy. Then he into his side. The boy of the pic- "What's that pounding noise?"

spected his package. His first imture was not his son. He had he demanded, rising and standing

pulse was to return it, unopened, worn a box pleated suit of dark directly in front of the picture, but there was no address. Marietta brown, with a wide, embroidery to prolong Marietta's curiosity.

had read correctly. No parcel post; trimmed collar, long stockings and

no collect charges. FRAGILE. substantial shoes. This child's

Undoubtedly a gift from some inlegs, like his arms, were bare, hint- 1 HE aged housekeeper volved customer of the bank, paving of well formed muscle. He turned pale and fumbled with the

ing the way for extended loans. stood tiptoe in barefoot sandals. unusual, protruding curlers.

100 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

"Well you see, sir, you said Marietta and John. They respondtown come walking home. She'd

John should stoke the furnace ed, half asleep, mumbling, incomissed the last car, but she had good. He's makin'that noise. herent. John had stoked the furthree boughs cut from the bottom

The coal was over large. John's nace; Marietta had stuffed the turof a tree. An old gent had one

breakin'coal. It takes a deal of key. Angered by their seeming so small it looked like robbing the

poundin'this night, to get it small stupidity, David the first burst cradle to cut it. A boy had a

enough for the stoker. You'd best from the house. big one strapped on a sled, pulled

go to bed, sir. It's late. The A few moments later a startled by a dog. The whole affair topcarolers didn't stop. And nobody policeman was roused from his pled over. But the queerest sight

come to decorate the tree. I looked reverie by an excited, angry old was a big man carrying a real

at it a while back; it ain't been man. purty tree over his shoulder. About

fetched. "Have you seen someone going every half block he stopped and

"I ordered slack coal."by here carrying a picea parryana?"broke off a branch and dropped it

"'Tis hard coal, sir,"reiter- "All deliveries stopped at two,"in his path. Looked like he was

ated Marietta, trying to peer at mumbled the policeman. trying to leave a trail. There's a

the picture. "Lumpy. Big ones. "I mean a tree—an evergreen. piece, crost the street."Some of 'em must be close to a A beautiful blue spruce."

hundred pounds.""Oh, I get you now, Grandpa!

anger, with a mean Christmas tree. Folks You that never made "John much RJED inof deep sense ain't else warmed with a been carrying nothing before. to stop noise Tell him

for the night."since I come on. Old folks and justice, David the first crossed the

"John pounded 'till he was little kids, all a luggin'trees. Like street and picked up a branch of

winded. Would you mind, Mr. a movin'forest."his beloved spruce. There could

Lockwood, if I put just a few "Did you happen to notice anybe no mistake. Firm, prickly, blue

oysters in the dressing? I could one carrying a markedly beautiful needles, each tiny twig symmetrical

tuck 'em up in the top, round the specimen of blue spruce?"came and odored. The thief had walked

craw. You could eat the bottom the persistent question. in the snow outside the beaten

far footprints, trail, large and I'ddressing, onions put and see, "Well you Grandpa,"the desroute. his apart, marked Thethere?"policeman became jocularly confithief, a fitting that picable was the thundered "No,"David dential, "the for officers exams

thief, despicable for the him, name first, to glad for an opportunity require don't no knowledge of full a been man! grown oysters.divert his anger. "I hate botany. is had tree me, Christmas To

I won't have them in my turkey. a green tree with sharp needles. With no thought of fatigue or

Tell John to stop that pounding. Nothing else."hunger, David the first took up the

trail, to bring determined the offireThere's Marietta enough."spruce or a juniper, "A a pine

to justice. fender Twentyfive hastily, gladly,withdrew, a fir, the or or a cedar for instance, all

curlers a distorted shadow making be the would to same you?"queryearsa childofa Christmasgrowth wreckedtree! If tohe givehadof the old gray head. ied first icily. the David

to strip the tree of children's trink- "Christmas trees is green trees,"ets, he would drag it and the thief stolidly answered the bluecoated into court. He would permit no

guardian. a what's first "A woman slept the bail; the judge money. him owed D'AVID janitor in a big building down heuntil daylight, wakened when eat his miscreant could ChristThe

with a sense of impending disaster. mas dinner in the city jail.

He dressed hurriedly and went into the living room. Even Marietta's Christmas Prayercuriosity had been outweighed A. SMALL branch here,

with fatigue. The picture still /HAVE the best that life can another at the end of the block.

it. bring—Gathering like tenderly a them as hestood had left Tomorrow

in is set heart whose A father stricken child, first directory a the David consulthe would load of care, pain and and A who yet have it returned. They could not Can see Cod's hand in everything. marched angrily on. Past the prewin him over with sentimentality. tentious houses, out into quieter

There were no wreaths or burned Who told me as a child, the why streets. Smaller houses, closer tocandles in the windows. Relieved, Of things; and when wornout I gether, like good friends. Smoke

rising columns the chimneys. If to the from window.he turned

ride, to on his back Who criedtook me cries the lights, there of children,tree glaring The joyous bore no I. he wearier far Though was than

would be no cause for his vague blare of a newly christened trumpalarm. He rubbed his eyes!in There are no words of mine that et. Wreaths and burned candles

amazement and looked again and can atone in the windows. A child hailed

again. There was no tree. The Forhissorrowsway, I have placed upon him, but he paid no heed. On and

blue spruce was gone. Only a For all the battles he has fought on, eyes to the ground, following

bare, axehacked stump and disalone; large, bold footprints, picking up

heveled, boughstrewn snow testiRut bring me closer to him now, stray pieces of evergreen, until his

I pray. full. Before a low, arms were glory. Large,fied to the former

to Help me a large house, rock make his steadfast faith rambling with the footprintsheavy where showed my own ruthless thief had circled, dragging And bring him lasting joy on fireplace, the trail gave extra proof the tree off to the sidewalk. Some this, Thy day! that the hunt was ended. Boughs

man had stolen a Christmas tree—R. J. C. were scattered on the private walk.

for his children. He rang for David the first picked them up

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 101

methodically and marched up the "I have come,"began David the the numerals up to a hundred;

path to the porch. A saw and first again, trying to look someevery letter of the alphabet was

nails, broken branches and sawdust where besides at beautiful eyes. For there for the finding. A plump,

gave all the additional evidence the eyes of the young man who inquisitive forefinger had smoothed needed. The search was ended. was taking the boughs from his out the wrinkle between the shagBut surely this household did not weary arms were more than dreamy gy brows; the old, grizzled mouth

need to steal. An air of middleand visionary. They were brimhad kissed the dimples on the

class prosperity prevailed. As he ming with love and understandyoung neck.

rang the bell with emphasis, David ing and tears. "I stood so still while Daddy

the first noted that a small blue "You have come,"interrupted painted me in the picture,"volspruce grew on either side of the the young man, "to spend Christunteered the small boy. I stood a

path. Good trees, too; small, conmas with your family. Thank whole minute. The you in the

ical, thick. God you're here. I began to fear picture hasn't got wrinkles."

trail. It took the given up had you into looked eyes blue old The to loved tree both the beautiful we smiled. eyes and blue the young the it worth you, was but bring door opened with 1 HE you with vanish will "Wrinkles remember, don't you first price! suddenness. the Davidmarked And the and answered, he around,"the planted that Father, when we tall, full expected thehad grown kiss. another received dimples it to mine?"be tree said was you steps he followed had whoseman

for blocks. Instead, a small boy Clutching a knee of each, David When the once forbidden girl

in a blue dressing gown faced him the third wondered why they began to make noises that sounded inquiringly. In his surprise David gripped hands so long, and why like breakfast, David the first beckthe first uttered the speech he had both their eyes were swimming oned to David the second.

been rehearsing. in tears. "Phone Marietta that the

"I am looking for the despicable pounding of coal and the chopping thief who stole my tree!"He had SlTTING in the same of trees do sound somewhat alike,"

expected the man to flinch and chair beside the pungent tree, Da- a timid smile gathered on his lips cower. But the small boy before vid the first and David the third and broadened into a real grin.

him showed no fear. He squared became very well acquainted. They "And tell her she can put a thouhis shoulders and his eyes assumed recited the nursery rhymes on the sand oysters into the dressing, for

a steely blue as he answered, now beautiful blocks; they counted I'm not going home for dinner."

"My papa does not steal. He <K*?sJV5l>—

is a nice papa. He hides things

in his pockets for you."

"I want the despicable thief,"Music Is Everywhere reiterated David the first.

"Won't you come in?"invited [Continued from page 87]

the small boy politely, and David the first stepped into the warm, covery of new and more distant hear everything that goes on. You

pleasant room. The odor of blue stations. will soon be astonished at the

spruce was evident, even before the beauties in the music which you can If before. you noticed never eyesold could themselves accustom inprimary our whatever DUT of some on in advance read up softer light.to the stood There neverradio be, the terest may so much program, the of items the search, the object his the of by it possible tune to theless makes subsequentcan If better. you the fireplace. Beautiful, inwide even other with or at time in some have music you the about read ly child death. to his ran bring The are broadcasting stations which play yourself if can or heard, you father, refloating the and gown the of programs splendid really or compositions the of over some a supple, limb,vealed firm capable is suggestion finest music. So my phonograph the to on them of tiptoe balance to standing on will the this: you what simply Do good. all is the But to tree. a heart of young David The—thatlisten least once at time, but the rest of in your week, a least once if at first fluttered beskipped the and suthe of one into a tune week family your with own home, own fore the returned, they young man devote then perior programs and to learn friends, can how you and eyes, visionary and with brown, listenconcentrated to a brief time uninterrupttreat real of the enjoy ones. child blue the deep with period the of length ing. The to listening concentrating on edly first, the clinging to the David the is essential; important not will radio the music, then good the in stood dismantled boughs, let it is continues while that thing will blessing a and become soon the center of room. uninterabsolutely period be the its presence before as never justify

"I have come,"he began, in rupted. Let conversation cease, in your home.

stop noises moving and out shut people voice cold, the had hard constant our become has Music period listening this While to about. dread, "I have to come come always It is us with companion. program the music give continues, justice."thief to despicable a take

is: question everywhere. The a and that close attention the same before did him young man The

of this the most make can we how give iman business would flinch. man out held or He not cower

inviting arms and smiled disarmportant business proposition. situation; what are you going to

ingly. Learn how to listen, learn how to do about it?

102 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

course. of be glad of him, to be rid

that, to say hadn't "She meant A Really Merry Christmas {Continued from page 96] but her anger drove her to harsh- "Which one you going to have She couldn't do these chores—she's ness."What?"cried Sue, staring at

for Christmas, Sue?"she asked. iust too miz'able."the speaker.

"That one?"indicating a monster. "And she's making you miser- "But I can stay, she says,"Andy

Andy looked quickly at Aunt able; and your father wouldn't put in, taking a hesitant step toSue who stood like a stone image. want that. No, dear, you've given wards her, "if you want me. You

"Which one?"persisted Annie. her her chance, and she's getting do want me, don't you, Aunt

"I think that little hen would worse. Come, get your clothes. Sue?"

be big enough for us,"said Andy, Remember, Andy,"she reminded he refusedfeeling to for his sorry when Sue. him move, Aunt continBLAKE M).RS. "Noah's fat."guardian.""She's your went He at her neighbor ued to stare unher with to then the house. not,"I think "Well, snapped comprehendingly.

the stopped. door At he Sue. hen'll to 'That goAunt see doesn't you, 'Yo.u she want "If she says she rest wants the of 'long with methet marketit to dear,"a reached comforting Annie stay, can I?"he asked anxiously. em. to the but brushed boy, he hand

child! "Oh, quickly. Andy, it,"you said Do "I Andy know it aside step another took and

really to stay her?"want with as chicken."just have soon "I'd nearer stricken the woman. cried Annie, bewildered. at Annie, but to turned frownHe if "I stay can say you want you

the kindly neighbor glancing up me, Aunt Sue,"he raised his voice, in time to catch the look of hatred H).E nodded. "Can I?"thinking she might not have heard.

flashed at the boy, wouldn't be he asked again. Aunt Sue sighed, a long, deep

silenced. "If she wants sigh, at then looked turned and

"Now, Sue,"she argued, "you is, if she'll treat you—yes—thatbetter,"Annie you the child as if strangely coming

know you should havte one of promised; and they went in. out of a long sleep.those turkeys—after the way Sue Blake did not speak as they "Go to her, Andy,"Annie

Andy's cared for them. You entered. whispered, the tears stinging her

didn't have one Thanksgiving.""Look here, Sue,"Annie began eyes.

"We had nothin'to be thankful at once. "I'm ready now to take

for, either me; and him or we He'll spend Christmas with ain't Andy. slowly, walked ANDY we're thatgoin'to pertend merry then school. You'll us, and go to timidly to side, Aunt Sue's and either,"at said Christmas, Susan

Blake, and turned back to the leaned against her, as he used to do in other days before the terriblehouse.

It's Christinas Eve tragedy.

'You do want me, Aunt Sue, AiLNDY looked after 1 T'S Christmas Eve—the north don't you,"he said again, and the

childish Star shines voiceher a second, hard, swallowed and the next broke—and

the Star of Bethle-hemas if minute he in his breasf was was Jest like the lump in Aunt Sue's arms about to engulf him. Then he above them pines. sobbing the great lump away for

looked at Mrs. Brown, whose But Him who notes the sparrow's all time.

cheeks were very red. Andy fall Annie Brown slipped out quietcowbody—er his cay use ly, unnoticed. Aunt Sue was herthought her feelings were hurt, Kin hearcall. a

and he felt sorry. self again, mothering the little orain't Christian, hawse some A wud phan to Guernsey new that had stood by her so "Want see my

say. staunchly. her to divert asked,calf?"he Pal, talk that But, I'd never way.

thoughts. "She's a beauty.""And we'll have the biggest

Annie, struggling to control her It seems tu me that any fool turkey in that pen for Christmas,"anger, followed the boy into the Could see yuh live the Golden Rule. she was bribing the tears away.

barn. You've been four square, and it not realizing that her own face

be may drenched. loves was me,"said "See how she

some few jumps ahead of me. the Yure face against his gee,"said Andy, coming rubbing "Oh,Andy,

velvety softness of the baby calf. Yuh mebbe don't know how to out of his 'unhappiness with a

"Listen, Andy,"said Annie, "I Fer hawsespray, jest ain't built that start, "and can I cut a little fir a Christmas tree?"want you to get your clothes and way—tree—forcome home with me. We'll have "Indeed you can, and we'll-—you as our visitor for the holidays, But if service counts—an'that's the Andy, go to the 'phone and call test—that 'lectric company and see if yure a Christian—'mong the upthen you'll go off to school where Wy

'lectricity in hereyou'll be treated—like a human best. they can install

'fore Christmas,being. so's we can have You can't stay here antree 'lectric lighted."alone—and yet—it's theother night."We strange-—seem

"Why, Miz Brown,"cried We feels His presence on this range. Andy flew to the phone.

sir, Sue, "Yes, the calf's of out climbingAndy, Aunt over shouted. Eve—His great love they where he comingpen, and can. sir—yes,They can/'he It's Christmasshines

eye. "I Jest like that Star above them pines; "Oh, boy, won't we have somecould see her—in thecan't leave Aunt Sue—all alone—Harrisonhere—Christmas comin'on, too. R. Merrill. Christmas[Continuedtree, though?"on page 128]

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 103

Blessings Follow

the va During the month of October, Alpine Stake had the largest percentage of quota, being 104%, with 102 subscriptions.

Moapa was second with 95% increase, sending in 114 subscriptions. Teton was third with 93%—210 subscriptions, and Hyrurn fourth with 85%—307 subscriptions. Ogden Stake

sent in the largest number of subscriptions with 382 and

J. JBartle Parker has now gone over the 400 mark. Ensign was second with

Chairman Era and Publicity 330 subscriptions; Pocatello third with 328 and Box Elder

Alpine Stake fourth with 326.

President Grant Says: can happen in any home is to havethe Improvement Era come there

WISH to extend to the Presonce a month. It is full of splenbenefit ture the for of your and I idencies of the Young Ladies did articles, uplifting in their naMutual AssociImprovement

children. instead spendof

tions throughout the world, and of ing your you money—thoseAnd the superintendencies of Young this magazine have not do who Men's in organizations of all the allowing your your homes—in stakes together with the Directors children to go to picture shows

of Era and Publicity for the Stakes that might result in their downand Wards and the presidencies of fall because of the pictures not bethe various ward associations of ing of an uplifting nature, I comthe Young Men and Young Ladies mend each and all of you to have my sincere thanks as the editor of that magazine in your home, that the Improvement Era for the wonyour children can have it where

A. derful Olsen Mary way they inin which have it, as can hands on they put their Publicity Chairman Era and spired the people to subscribe for its it to in nature imis calculated Stake Alpine

this It is little magazine. less than hearts in their plant a knowledge

wonderful since the combination of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. of the two magazines—the Young Homes that receive the ImproveJournal the Woman's and Era—less trouble,,will have Era ment

note theStakes Having 100% of to that support has been their of Saints Latterday making

Their Era Quota given the new magazine, the Imchildren."

provement Era. and I hope that

Nov. 15th all concerned will continue the Reports From The Field

good work.

Franklin 123% "I am thoroughly convinced forBrotherthe YoungJ. BartleMen Parker,at AlpineDirectorstake

Union 122% that one of the finest things that [Continued on page 122]

Moapa 119% San Juan 109% Alpine 1 08 % Teton 1 02 %

We hope to be able to report every stake in the Church over the top in the next issue of the Improvement Era. ChairmanAngusEraE. andBerlinPublicity ChairmanLulaEra Childand Publicity

Ogden Stake Ogden Stake

MUTUAL WORK

General Superintendency Executive Department General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

George Albert Smith, General Offices Y. M. M. I. A.

Richard R. Lyman, 4 7 East South Temple Street Ruth May Fox. Lucy Cannon. Grant

Melvin j. Ballard. General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. Clarissa A. Beesley.

Executive Secretary: 3 3 Bishop's Building Secretary

Oscar A. Kirkham. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Elsie Hogan

The Manual Discussion P eriod

fact that so 'T'HE has been linguistic much urge as will is of the drapersons drama be thoroughly familiar *- said the special activities about matic, of or music the rhythmic. with all the Manuals provided and

Tuesday evening halfhour program, Excellent Manuals are provided for wai keep in close touch with the progHonor Day events, and so on—should all departments. These, as has been ress of each evening. They should

not lead us to attach any less imstated frequently before, are not incheck the calendars carefully so that portance to the Manual discussion petended to be used as "lessons"or lecall of the work may be completed in riod which occupies 45 or 50 minutes tures, but as guides for fine, free, the given time. They will give helpof time of at least three evenings per friendly conversation. The best teachful suggestions to the class leaders as

month, in our Mutual Improvement er does not preach at his students but to methods of holding the interest of program. sits down with them and together they the members and of conducting the

talk the over subject discussion. without at hand Often, as they watch and is inthis period of work The of

restraint. formality or of "side the help the lines"from they Two may tense officers to value and members presidency, the of one able a to see be the Young Men need which busy

alike. If conducted properly it bethe Ladies, and one of have class fail leaders note. Young to They may

comes truly recreational, a delightful the supervision of this part of the M. may have opportunities, too, of givleisure interest. time It may, and I. as A. most pleasant to ing personal help boys or girls who program—a

be, theshould an expression of made well as important duty. These two otherwise overlooked. be may

*>—icjSV'i'-

Activities Within the Departments

1"N most of the groups the first Tuestelling, music, etc. (The Adult demoting and directing the work, co-

-* day evening of each month (during partment also has provided several operating with the discussion leaders.

the 50 minute period) is devoted to special recreational features as outlined It will be noted, too, that M Men, features other than the Manuals and in the October Era. The program for Gleaner Girls, Junior Girls; Vanguards,

may be called the activity evening the M Men and Vanguards includes who may have selected drama or dancof the departments—-for the Adults, miscellaneous activities at frequent ining in the halfhour period, may also

the Health projects; for the M Mentervals.) On these occasions the acreceive training and practice in public

Gleaners, the joint sessions when detivity leaders (and in the M Menspeaking and story telling on these bating, speech, music, etc., are conGleaner group, the class presidents) activity evenings within their own

sidered; for the Junior Girls, story will be especially interested in progroup.

-OCfQJjSVSI*

January Sunday Evening Joint Meeting,

Adult is responDepartment of'X'HE a protection Word Wisdom, for of Study Course 193031, Commun- * sible for the also health, Joint Sunday Evening a Latterday Saint ideal. ity Health and Hygiene. min.) (30

min.)Meeting in January (also in May). (10 Manual—Preface II. The Slogan: "We Stand for and(Reference:any of the Thechapters.)

Suggested Program Loyal Adherence to Latterday Saint

Ideals. (See "Temperance Ideal,"V. Book Review: Adult Reading

Singing. following.) Course Book Grandmother Brown's

Prayer. III. Double Mixed Quartette: "The Hundred Years. (5 min. Make it an

only, Singing. to creatwith view Lord Church Hymn introduction Imparted"—New

ing a desire the to read I. Address: Good Health ImperaBook, book. pg. 297. See

tive to great accomplishment. The IV. Address: The Adult Group review in October Era.)

The Improvement Era for December', 1930 105 of Wisdom Temperance Ideal—Word

inspiration is to the mind, was given as our deliverer from narWHATtemperance is to the body. It cotics. More than that, it is our

is the director pointing the way to armor against ill health and our chamthe conservation of power, for greater pion against premature death, achievement. The Word of Wisdom The serpent was lifted up in the

is the Mormon constitution of physical wilderness to heal the people from disfitness. It is the brilliant beacon of ease, but the Word of Wisdom has

moral control. It is the key to hidden been given to save mankind from afflicknowledge and power. tions. It is so simple and yet so subMore than any other, it is the orlime that it may gather power and

ganic law of self mastery. As popularity wherever it is understood

Isaac was to Abraham, the Son of and used. It has within itself evidence

Hope, the Word of Wisdom is to us of its own divine origin and carries its the Temporal Law of Promise. As the own arguments to meet the dissenters.

First Born of the Children of Israel It applies equally as well with the are saved by the sign over the door, farmer as well as with the captain of even so this principle is our ensign industry; the laborer or the professionof safety. al; the subject or the ruler; the beggar When the time came for the Israelor the potentate; the weak or the Speechless

ites to be free, Moses was raised up strong. It is a perfect law that mayto break their bonds; so in our day be applied to all mankind for their..WhenAFewWords

when bad customs and habits are entemporal salvation. It is a great Latslaving many people, this revelation terday Saint Ideal. WouldHaveMadeMe

But Now I Can Race the largest Audience jl

Ir [HEWithoutannual ATracebanquetofofStageour AssociationFright! u

without—and Increased Enrollment and Attendance calledthe biggest men in the industry present to on mythe mindChairmanwent me

! I blank half and rose,speak—andwarningbowed awkwardly

you'll to excuse afraid mumbled, have "I'm enrolled and already is those not this year objective in today,"chair. dropped and me back 10% terest myOUR have words would a few Speechless—when their attendance. members active secure in The increase mem- (or more) little I If have a simple made me! made

referred above presidency the is committees, of that conditions of trade opinion It urgedbership. mycould to, speech—givingIn witty, I a concise, interesting way, know leaders, class the cooperating with within the membership of upmade I life! for would been have made

like I discovered then a And week inshould direct these committees.each department, be appointed to

was stage how to overcome mylater

I to naturalI actually that learn amazed a magicfright—andhad -iw'SJStsi"-

gift for of a aid speaking. the public With

splendid new home study method I rapidly

I in all to short a face giant audiences tendency was able There is that the group. to is gratifying know

refright. of trace stage This a—withouttime, of the line take to of endeavor I. are fields A. leadersITstake developed this gift until, in a ridiculously and ward M. selfcon- training markable has made me a

fident overnight. aggressive to easiest path the resistance or least of appreciation policy a talker—almost ofpursuing ***** often a course objective, such but in the an is Boards General trick,the efforts There of becoming no

. bril- a convincing powerful and desirable no mystery speaker—aabout the it is most leads away from not exwork. Whileoutlining liant, conversationalist. fluent easy, You,

pected that perfect uniformity of ends. One of the major aims of our can conquer timidity, stage fright, selfcon-too,

method will characterize the procedure, work is the distribution of opportunity sciousnessment in salary,and bashfulness,popularity, winningsocial standing,advancesuccess. and through amazing Now, an the new for is it members development limwill that sanction among be hoped

training quickly study home shape you can a associations, the program and so ofited to not supplementing, go and yourself into influential an outstanding far as to be a substitution of any plan, that furnishes activity for the greatest speakerthousand. able to dominate one man or five

outline or course of study, or activity. number is most desirable. While it Send For This Amazing FREE Booklet

Mutual Improvement means coopmay take less effort to get a popular This new method of training is fully described erative activity in the direction of speaker to draw an audience than to inWondersa very WithinterestingWords,booklet,now beingHow tosentWorkto progress, not of a few, but of all the get up a program for a Sunday Eveeveryone mailing the coupon below. In it you

ning Joint Meeting where the major areable toldyou howto conquerthis new stageeasy fright,method selfcon-will enpart of the work is done by the rank sciousness, timidity, bashfulness and fear.

and file of the M. I. A., the result Thousandsunstinting havein theirsent praisefor thisofbookletit. Youand areare

told can how is you latter the of of a twofold advantage bring out deNowCenf profit or to the be- I. A. cause, M. velop your andprice- *

less "hiddenFREE cause the preparation anything of good natis equal, if not equal, than more to ural knack"—thegift within

/'you. obcan You the presentation. leadergrade High

tain your copyfe, ***s ship recognizes that the highest absolutely form free by of doing for others is getting them pon.sending the couto do for themselves under judicious

guidance. North American Institute

3601 Michigan Ave., Dept. 4189, Chicago, 111.

It is to be hoped, therefore, that *-North American Institute, Dept. 4189,

M. I. A. officers will read carefully 3601 Michigan Ave., Chicago, Illinois.

the suggested program and follow it mySendcopymeof yourFREEinspiringand withoutbooklet,obligationHow to as carefully as possible. By doing so WorkformationWondersregardingWith yourWords,Courseand fullin Efin-

they will bring into activity many fective Speaking.

who otherwise will remain in the Name background and lose this opportunity Address for development. "tty Statetmm <mmm$

1 06 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

Jan. 20—Discussion—-Gleaning. assemble, each one is given a number, Adult Department the gifts being correspondingly numJan. 2 7—Discussion—Gleaning.

tree. girls bered the of the on One nights open two The in December Department dresses as presents Santa Claus and be to used in good advantage Recreational Events may

gift, gifts. If the gets a girl her own the having of up and some (See page 39 of Supplement to the checking she exchange someone. with may Make stories incidents girls'and in the Trea- I. A. Book.)M. Hand it a etc., party, playing real fun games, sures to class. presented the of Truth

that spirit carry the of (See Christmas October for suggestions.) Era

In joint the activity some the throughout evening. (See page January: For Old Fashioned An for night he Gleaners has and Men wardsM I. of 349 for A. M. Book Hand Year's Party of New Long been the confused acwith halfhourDance—A suggestive program.)Ago. tivity entire of the associaprogram

girls the like would to bring How is tion. March: For connection no There Drama. between The articles a for Christmas dinner and the two. joint of the This work April: For Party. Health M The a basket up for make some poor famGleaners and taking although Men up ily, Joint or a takeThe Sunday Evening blooming Meeting plant to some etc., Public Speaking, constiDrama, sick for person? January will think You of other tutes the class regular for these work things to do, to carry spirit out is the meeting This directhe under groups

of Christmas Cheer.tion the of Adult Department. See

Executive Department, page 104 of—eggj>3—

the Mutual Messages (this Era) for—CSJcfcjsuggested program. Junior Girls Bee Hive Girls

Department Department Gleaner Girls Junior Christmas Party

Department Wouldn't you like to increase the Calendar for December

Many groups are securing Manuals sociala Christmasspirit Treeof yourclassclassparty?by havingThere Builders in the Hivefor each girl. is an open night on Tuesday, DecemDecember 2—Guide XI The

The calendar for the months of ber 23 rd which may be used nicely for Word of Wisdom.

December XII—Open 9—Guide

planning, Discussions Dec. 2—Jointand JanuaryM Meninclude:and Gleaner thisPerhapspurpose.some of the girls may have forDecemberyour own

activity: Book Reviews (See extract, decorated their own Christmas tree. and dramatization of the Reading

"The Two Leaves,"following). If not, each girl might bring a few Course Book, Mother Carey's Chickens, the Project, and / Will Overcome Dec. a decorations decorate and 9—Discussion—Gleaning. Undesirable Some Habit, could be artree, seeing beautiful be could how Dec.

ranged and presented interest. with arexpense. small without 6-—Discussion—Gleaning. Christmasmade Ait Dec. BeeHive songs 23—Open.1 formations should and tificial tree used, be should some may

also be practised Dec. 30—Open. these nights. on open her in girl have one home. ExDecember of gifts M Men and Gleaner change each be made may by Jan. 6—Joint 16—Guide XIII—Comactivity: Social. Accidents. a mon girl bringing gift, simple costing

Jan. 13—Discussion—Gleaning. not more than 25c. As the girls December 23 and 30 are so near to

Christmas and New Year's Day that meetings will not be held in most

IT PAYS TO GET THE BEST wards.ciation convenes,If by anyfollowchancethe youroutlineassoin

the BeeHive Girls'Handbook.

Gatherers of Honey December 2—Guide XI—-Family

Meals.

December 9—Guide XII—Open

for your planning. See suggestions

for this date above.

December 1 6—Guide XIII—Love

Truth.

December 23 and 30—See suggestions above.

BeeHive Books The general committee is pleased to announce the publication of a new edition of the BeeKeeper's Book.

This is combined with the Handbook, for the convenience of BeeKeepers,

ONE OF OUR OFFICE PRACTICE DEPARTMENTS and will sell for 60c. There is also

Girls'edition of the press a new classes. enrolloff courses in students all commercial and nightComplete New subjects—day in but those already posHandbook, for Visitorsing each week. write information. any time. Call, welcome or phone

session of a Handbook will not need

HENAGER'S BUSINESS COLLEGE the new one, as the material in the 45 E. Broadway The School With A National Reputation Wasatch 2753 old edition will serve satisfactorily.

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 107

M. I. A. MONTHLY REPORT OF ACCOMPLISHMENTS

October, 1930 Who Else Wants to

Success in OS SB Tuesday Evening Halfhour Program"S E Win a5 S.Su—o Ere re.,, 210 W I oo to

at a.5—Oa. Advertising? ZLlI oo Q CJ3 So

Y. M. I Y. L. Jt. Jt. Jt. Jt. Jt. Jt. Jt.

6 6 6 6 6 6Alpine 1 3 Many Earn 4 5 5 2 Bannock 8 8 8 11 10 9 10 Bear Lake 6 Easy to 6 4 9 7 11 12 12 10 River Bear $4,000 to

Benson 14 12 10 10 12 10 9 11 8

Beaver Learn $15,000 Big Horn 66 43 5 43 43 23 23 33 23 9 11 12 12 13 13 12 10 13 Boxelder 8 6 8 6 8 8 4 Yearly! 5 8 Cache

Carbon, 7 2 2 2 2 1 1 2 2 1 3 3 4 4 4 6 6 4 Cassia of dull, are tired routine work, Tf you 6 3 5 7 7 8 8 6 Cottonwood 10 little chance for advancement 3 6 6 with 4 5 7 5 7 11 Deseret 9 7 9 10 7 8... 10 10 10 East Jordan—if you want to break into a big field 9, 8 7 7 8 8 8 Ensign

Franklin 11 11 9 11 11 7 8 teeming with opportunities for in- 3 2 2 2 2 4 2 8 4 Garfield 9 9 teresting work, good pay and rapid 8 9 6 7 9 9 Granite 10 9 7 11 11 10 10 13 5 14 4 Grant Advertisget into promotion—then 5 4 4 6 1 6 2 4 7 6 Gunnison method. easy now, by this new 7 5 ing 10 7 8 10 10 10 12 10 Hollywood

4 6 11 7 11 7 7 8 10 6 Idaho Falls 13 5 5 5 5 5 5 Why place a limit on your weekly 5 5 5 4 Juab

Kolob 5 4 4 4 4 4 2 4 3 2 pay check? Cash in on your ambi-

5 5 5 4 5 6 5 5 3 5 4 Lehi 8 11 6 9 11 11 5 6 4 3 tion, ability and ideas. Advertising Liberty 12

9 8 4 9 7 10 7 11 10 10 7Logan opportunity. out Find be your may

9 9 9 9 9 10 10 8 10 10 Los Angeles... 10 can home, how you now qualify, at 4 7 7 9 6 3 4 8 6 4 4 Malad

7 5 5 10 7 10 5 9 10 5 10Maricopa 5 during your spare time—in a few 6 6 6 4 6 5 6 6 6 5 Millard

Minidoka 8 4 3 4 4 3 3 3 3 2 3 short months, for a good position 5 9 7 1 7 6 7 7 6 4Moapa 6 ins* as hundreds of others are doing. 8 5 5 4 8 5 2 6 13 4 5Montpelier

5 5 5 5 3 5 3 4 5 3 5Morgan 9 8 9 9 5 9 8 8 7 5 Nebo 6 FREE WHOLEBOOK TELLSSTORY THE 5 5 5 5 5 5 4 5 4 4 Sanpete 5North 9 8 5 12 9 12 6 6 I 7North Weber. 14 6 Our new free book, How to Win Suc- 8 I 11 8 11 4 11 11 | 11 11 11 7 Ogden

7 9 3 11 7 10 10 8 11 11 cessOneida in Advertising, full is crammed 6 6 5 6 6 6 6 5 5 6Oquirrh of valuable information to you want 1 6 9 4 8 9 5 9 6 6 Palmyra..:......

1 3 4 2 3 2 6 4Panguitch 2 know about Advertising and its 6 4 4 6 4 3 6 2 2 4 Parowan 11 Pioneer 10 9 8 9 9 8 7 6 8 6 6 many opportunities. For 31 years

8 7 8 5 8 8 8 10 8 Pocatello 5 7 6 8 7 2 3 the PageDavis School has been 7 7 Portneuf 5 5 1 5 5 6Raft River training and in Admen women 2 7 8 3 '"4 13 4 "4 5 5 8Rigby vertising. of our graduates Many 5 9 6 1 1 1 3 2 2 6 6Roosevelt

3 5 5 7 6 St. 7 5 4 3 4 George 9

3 9 6 2 5 3 2 6 2Shelley 4 now hold responsible positions paySouth Sanpete 7 6 7 7 4 5 6 6 4 6 ing handsome salaries. This inter-

6 8 5 6 8 7 5 Sevier.. 6 6 6South

6 5 7 9 11 10 10 10 9 Valley 6 IIStar 5 8 3 5 5 4 3 I 11 10 3 7Summit 3 estingsuccess—andfree bookhow youtellscanhowdo it.theyOur pracwon

5 4 4 7 6 4 4 4 4 4Sharon tical gets definite results quickly. method

11 11 13 13 13 I 114 12 13 12Salt 11 Lake 13 in developing ideas your you We guide 6 8 8 3 8 7 5 4 4 4Sevier 6 II 3 St. forceful, 6 into compelling, 5 3 3 2 1 3 2 3 acmoulding them Johns

11 5 9 7 7 13 13 10St. 5 11 )I 11 Joseph Advertising. tiongetting books used No text 6 6 5 6 5 4 5 4 I 5 4Taylor 4

practical advertising i work. 1.... 1 1 6 6 7 5 1 4 6 4 7 7 5 ITeton whatsoever—all

1 1! 2 1(i 4 4 2 4 Tintic 4 3 this for Send 5 3 5 3 2 4 2 3 4 3 10Tooele

today. book Even<* 6 4 8 6 6 3 3 4 4 5 4Uintah 0K\ free 5 6 4 erything sent 4 4 4 4 4 4 2 4Union for \ 9 9 6 8 8 8 6 7 8 7 4Utah andprepaid.

9 9 9 9 5 4 7 9 4 9 5Wasatch and a man Many 6 3 3 4 4 2 3 4 2 2Wayne

Weber 9 9 9 9 9 7 8 6 6 7 B woman has found

West Jordan 8 6 6 6 6 5 5 5 4 4 5 this the beginning 1 4 3 4 4 2 2 4 1 3Woodruff 3 10 10 6 6 6 5 4 4 4Yellowstone 4 ofcareer.a successfulIt may 7 6 6, 5 4 6 5 3 5 4Zion Park 5

Calif. Mission 37 12 6 12 12 8 10 9 7 6 8 mean the turning

1 1 1 1 Mission.... 1 1 1Eastern* States for 1 point you.

States 8 8 9 7 7 9 Mis..... 7Northwestern once. Write at

Attention is called to the totals of groups being conducted under the halfhour program in 72 Stakes reporting.

Other activities reported by stakes that are not called for on the regular report form are SEND ME YOUR BOOK as follows: Socials, balls Successful parties, Hallowe'en programs, MenGleaner Opening and M I { SCHOOL OFADVERTISING PAGE -nAVIS Officers'Balls, Socials, BeeHive programs,Harvest Junior Mothers and Daughters'and I Ave., Chicago Michigan 3601 lOept 41S9

Success I Please your sessions,banquets, joint outstanding successful lo Win road evening stake shows scm Sunday and one full regarding! particularsHow meAlso sendfree Advertising. I.inreports all Ball. held, already, successful p. very having stakes to Green Gold and are The be Advertising. your Course inmebooklet.Modern study I am | I obligated.home not incongratulated splendid the they are carrying the this year. forward which upon program way

a Name in this cases after chart for Men's report came the Young was tabulated, In many which I

I Street. in given only the fourthreason Ladies'I the column. record reports Young The later was

show an equal number of Y. M. departments organized and functioning in most stakes. J City State (

1 08 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

n-w-oU'io4i >HHfr<l Expatriation! LET'S GET TOGETHER

on your [Continued from page 91] * Home, Church, Bank, it is arranged, but for some absurd person in Suva. She met the

i Painting and Decorating reason I cannot help dreading it."British commandant in charge of

Problems "Why? You've seemed to the island, together with many of

I Estimates and suggestions gladly have so much fun among these his associates, broke the heart, acfurnished without obligation. islands that Robert was sure you cording to. his tale, of an ardent

would like to go there. But I'm young officer who began making Ketterer & Perschon sure he can leave it until another love to her at their first meeting,

Company time."accepted numerous invitations to

657 Washington Street "Indeed, you mustn't think of ride and visit with the ladies comSalt Lake City, Utah j such a thing. It is foolish of me prising the military colony, ob-

I Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 3 756 |'to feel as I do. Many years ago tained some new facts concerning

I my father had a dreadful experiher ancestry and was ready to leave ence in Fiji, and it has made me on schedule time.

abhor the natives, but I'm unjust, She felt really sorry for the for only one of them injured him, young officer who expressed such PEWS and even that one did everything regard for her. There was no

sincerity, but his right. question about matter the to make Pulpits possible for from home I shall really of this glad be away ophe had been

there were no I a later for or long time, and sooner portunity, CHAIRS the ladies among marriageable of or change some must go there Folding,

Kindergarten my plans."therefore,whites. Itfor wasan attractivean easy youngthing,

and Opera woman to take possession of his of Bank, Office, Church and Store reminded heart. the experience But L.N consequence Fixtures relationship to knowing her own this her that young lieutenant's

Salt Lake Cabinet & the Fijians, Nell's natural enthusisituation was not unlike Dick's.

Fixture Company asm for the islands and their inShe wondered soberly whether her habitants Street somewhat was 32 Richards to due not love was friend's dampold us for Write prices ened. this handicap even with But seen an not he had that the fact

she was constantly interested and unmarried American woman for occasionally very amused much at months.

!llIIiIIS!!!S!![li!!l!!IS!l!!HlS!i!IISI!ll love of orwhat she saw. The

namentation is remarkably pronounced among this race, and not 1 HE information about infrequently a native will be seen Mr. and Mrs. Terry came to her

GETOIIfOF sidewithofsilverthe nosebuttonsand a throughring througheach throughing BritishGeneralofficer. Howcroft,She mentionedrankits center hanging over the upper to him casually that her father had

lip. In addition thereto, one sees been interested in some orange DEB1

off the mortgage on bracelets and anklets, earrings, plantations on the islands with a Pay your home by way of finger rings and rings on the toes, certain Mr. Terry.

the monthly payment shoes of course being practically "With John Z. Terry?"he

offer to loan we home unknown among the natives. The asked in surprise. "Why, I knew propowners, owning

erty in the choice resiAmerican girl was. as fond of him well. We kept bachelor's

dential districts of Salt jewelry as the average young lady, quarters together for more than

Lake, Ogden and Provo, but determined henceforth to dis- a year."

Utah. card all such adornments in the "I understood he was married.

fear that her taste for such things Didn't he live at home?"

had its origin in savage ancestors. "He wasn't married at the time.

Pursuant to the intention exThat was the one thing he was pressed to Lieutenant Hawley in trying to avoid."The look of

their first confidential talk, she had amusement on the general's face attention. girl's the attracted using continued Redthe name of

\n Commission avoid! face to to unnecessary field. It was May I ask "Trying Red Tape No

the unpleasant disclosure which why?"

AatjtmtHtettkuui (0. was sure to follow the use of her

Equitable Correspondence of own name, so well known Life Assurance Society the United States. throughout the South Sea groups. TiHE merry old soldier

became reminiscent. They were

sitting on the veranda of the Suva

D''URING the three Grand Hotel, overlooking the sea.

days which the Emmetts required His work for the day was finished for the transaction of their busiand with iced lemonade and an llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll ness, Miss Redfield was the busiest attractive companion of course he

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 109

would tell a story if by so doing I've wasted a lot of pride in my that this man was her father's the tete-a-tete might be prolonged. judgment on such things."friend, and she must hear the rest

Sight of the aforementioned lieuof the story. His gaze was so

tenant in the offing seemed to add searching she feared he might degreatly to his pleasure. 1 HE general looked his tect a resemblance.

"Well, it was common knowlcompanion over in a way that edge here, and I suppose there is made her feel decidedly uncomfort- "Now you're a beauty, too, but no harm in telling you, the daughable. She would have resented in rather a different way. There

ter of one who played an innocent such impudence but for the fact was just a dash of the voluptuous and ineffective part in the story, inasmuch as you are a friend of family."the When in Los Angeles Have Your Eyes Terry was my father's "Mr.

friend and business partner,"cor-, Examined!

have examined fit with and glasses, when We girl. therected

for necessary, missionaries of the 100% you would not be course "Of years. 10

old enough to remember him, and now I think of it, he must have J. EARL SALTBR, Opt. D., 2 05 Quinby Bldg. VA. 4415

left America some little time before you were born. T

"Jack Terry was the most honorable man I ever knew. Didn't

have a single bad habit, but did have a most infernally troublesome conscience. Why, I wouldn't have w

had his conscience for all his winning ways with women, aye, and men too, and a good big annuity thrown in. For what good would

money and the power to attract Wishing You a be to a rollicking soldier who was all the time afraid he might do something that wasn't exactly square?"

J\S his companion volunteered no answer to this perAnd it will indeed be a Merry Xmas plexing query, the general went on: if "If he spoke sharply to a coolie, in some way he was sure to make it right. That may be according Good BOOK

rule, it's poor to the golden but the gifts. is included among Still, Jack parts. in these practice

had a lot of Yankee shrewdness Our stock contains just the right and made plenty of money. Perbook for each member of the family.

haps his kindness to the natives Our service will reach you, no wasn't such bad business after all, matter where you are.

turned and him for they trusted

His Deseret Book his possible way. everything

none too health was good—some stand this Company can't know, men, you

da—Terry was one of them. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHmate—and, excuse me, this infernal cli44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE ST.

"I've been a long time on the way, but now I'm coming to the part that answers your question w* about his living at home. There

here, Elinor a young woman was. r\ Englishman daughter of an Alder,

'i:. profitable extensive and had who interests in these islands. It must 01

have taken a small fortune to have given the girl her education, for she went to school in the States V] and traveled a good deal. And

wasn't she a beauty? If not, then XJ

110 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

*y><0-.Or><&*-0'<Gr>r>ti<><-t<i<j$r>,rj beauty in her, the kind that isn't "Of course you know, better

I resist."easy do, to the always than repugnance a Yankee L E N S E E RS S E N I EW officer at feels girl stared the her of a Again toward marrying.1673'II ST. EST. MAM U rudely. there almost negro about no But was descent—and VIRGIN OF THE HOUSE DIAMONDS surFijians impudence the only wonder in his what Terry are—andthat's

prised gaze. was too square to take the dis-

"But, by George!"he exclaimed, honorable course many men would

"Except for that one dash there have taken. Wasn't he in a turBEAUTIFUL is an actual resemblance between bulent little hell?

DIAMONDS you and her. Pardon me, Miss "About this time he received a

and Redfield, I see I have offended, and letter from his friend Redfield this follows, father, I if you knew your what my suppose—on

forever terminate DEPENDABLE offense subject. very Redfield had would Mr.

WATCHES our friendship. I'm an old fool. heard in some way that Jack was

More than a score of years have in danger and wrote, calling his

XMAS GIFTS passed since I saw Elinor Alder, attention to the perils of propinthat will be apand to me all forms of female quity and the calamitous results of preciated and beauty are more or less akin."an improper marriage. I remember

treasured by all. being shown the letter and Jack's

it, in which he assured Y<OU say her name was answer to

Elinor Alder?"Miss Redfield was his friend that there was no cause

$50, $100, $150, $200 trembling with an 'excitement for anxiety on that score.

which could not be suppressed.

Jensen's are sole distributors of "Her father always called her Y word! I'm making Virgin Diamonds in Salt Lake. Elinor. She did not like the name a long storyMof this, but will hurry

Jensen's are also authorized dealers and called herself Nelly and Mrs. on now. The girl did not im-

& of the leading makes of watches. Alder used that name also. After modestly press the matter, but she

as creature, and a lot of her\ Cash or Easy Terms & theget madfatherif diedanyonetheysuggestedwould boththat Iwassaid,an Jackalluringthought y THE HOlfSEFIR"GTNnPIAMONDS there was any other name. Speakdeep down in his heart, though

ing again of her beauty, she could he was provoked or amused at her is, any man but one, acteristic, by the way. His trermivmWmhwvtti easilyislands—thathave snared any man on the abnormal jealousy, a racial charJack Terry. Strangely enough he mendous will power would have

was the one man with whom she carried him through, I believe, but fell desperately in love and tried he was taken with a severe sickher best to catch. But he was shy ness, and Mrs. Alder and Nelly

as a trout and wouldn't even nibble carried him almost by force from at the baits she cast in his direcour quarters to their home and tion."nursed him with skill and tender-

"Why not, if she was such a ness, too blooming much of it.

beauty and well educated?"The As soon as he was able to stand

question came huskily. on his feet he broke away and came

back to our rooms and confided

ELL, the truth of his troubles to me. It seems that the matter Wis she was part Fijian in a moment of delirium he had

about an eighth, I believe. Didn't said something to the girl which

show any more signs of it than made her think he was willing to you do; but her mother was well marry her. What was said, if Kodatoy known here and though she, too, anything, was a perfect blank to

... a movie projector was a good looker, her colored him, but in his weakened condifor children! blood was very apparent. Nelly tion, and after their solicitous care,

KODATOY is a movie projector was deuced smart and clever that confounded conscience of his for childrenmade by With allike the again got in the and he sing play it could way a lark and canyou show real Eastman.movies—comedy, with most decided in guitar in the through to go moonlight a way cartoons,animated picsport and travel

tures. These are available in Kodaplays that made a fellow's heart kick it. However, with returning

inexpensive, specially selected film sublike an army mule. The whites strength came the old feeling of

jects suitable audience. juvenile for a

are sharp, were all wild about her and fifty aversion at such a union. Elinor projects that picturesKodatoy

clear, flickerless... on a silvered screen of 'em stood ready to take her was so determined to win him

which comes to you with Kodatoy. off Jack's hands. Some of 'em that the thing at last became intolYou'll find Kodatoy here at our store... were so struck they would even erable, and he decided to change his

priced at $12 complete! have married the girl, though that headquarters to Nukualofa, over

EASTMAN KODAK isn'tthese aparts.soldier'sBut usualshe couldpracticesee noin onwithTonga.the girl, heAfterleft us,a frankand I talksaw

STORES/INC one but Jack, and he was deterhim but once afterward. His abmined not to yield, though I besence made her love stronger, and

315 South Main Street lieve in his heart he did think a it became a regular passion. You

Tel. Wasatch 5292 lot of her even at that time. know a woman's love is different

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 111

from a man's in that respect. She Terry's ancestry, he will let his

the general GAIN island, to thefollowed other him tongue be cut out before he will A until she manifested finally looked at Nellafter a year or he two, and it ever again."mention

embarrassment. her. married andsuccumbed They you, 'Thank General How- a garrulous "I'm fool."old I think, boy, onehad I'll croft, tell her,"the girl anchild—a his he put tenderly arm Then I it girl. abut was maybe know swered gratefully. She looked unher, around Jack "But Terry wasit other. the or one was They flinchingly into his eyes a for mo- I the I refriend best ever had. all killed in the hurricanewere ment, she and they knew underlittle girl his member was now naturallyabout have you which stood each other.

killed in not the hurricane but father."heard your from be continued) (To to the taken States was the Redby

fields, doubtless your parents. If

L.N spite of frequent you should ever see her again, and Love is the eldest and noblest

sips of lemonade, the girl's lips of course you will, please tell her and mightiest of the gods, and the were dry and her throat parched. that General Howcroft will be as chiefest author and giver of virtue

'Thanks, General, for the true a friend to her as her father in life and of happiness after story,"she managed to say as she was to him. And as for Mrs. death. -Plato: The Symposium.

made preparation to go to her room. "I've often heard of Mr.

Terry from my father and that makes it very interesting."

From the window of her room Nell could see the general who evidently was not disposed to leave Givebefore the lemonade was finished.

After it was gone he still sat there, apparently lost in thought. Then

suddenly he jumped to his feet,greatly to the surprise of several Furnitureloungers at the other end of the EITHER FOR YOUR OWN HOME OR FOR RELATIVES veranda who were not accustomed

Furnitureto seeing this august and rotund im: endures activity.personage show so much I through the yearsThe girl could not help wondering

pleasure hiswhether unusual conduct was entiregiving home. COMFORTto the

related in their recent any way to first is your for thought conversation. She felt certain it jour family and your

was and finally decided to resume guests and your hospiis tality largely reflected exstartledthe interview. The

in the your way home ispression of her father's on the face furnished. old friend when she again appeared before him convinced her she was A NEW Living, Dining or Bed Room Suite or even

Piece new Oddthe innocent cause of his exciteayour seem like home placedNEWhere andand willtherebrightenwill makeupment. the whole household.

"I wish you would tell me all you know about Mr. and Mrs. 45 YEARS OF ACTUAL PUBLIC CONFIDENCE

said. at the father she will QUALITYTerry,"RIGHT made "My COOP CO. FURNITURE PRICE—lias famous the entire throughout lutermouutain region. Your father and details learn of their thebe glad to father's will tell father your of the you this standing company has

so merited. well alwayslives."

You Young Folks—Think This Over!

not your POOL Why You'll and money their lady everlasting win young Mess- 1 HE was give Dad, Mother. Grandfather or you'll ing and well he repaid when general's thesurprised blunt by Grandmother chair, a XEVV davensee you the wonderful good they

or port gift this some such year? out of get gift! such a it fatherquestion. your "Was who

sent a Mr. Gray down here?"

"No, I'm sure it wasn't myfather."EASY GO*OP TERMS

'This man Gray was deterFREE DELIVERY within 100 Miles of Salt Lake mined to learn everything there was to know about Mrs. Terry

didn't care a straw about Jack.

And another thing which, when Ithought about it a moment ago. Coop

nearly made me jump out of my uniform, you and Gray both snapped me up when I spoke of Furniture CoMrs. Terry as Elinor. What dif31 TO 37 SOUTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY

ference does it make what her first name was?"112 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

The Daughter of a Fool [Continued from page 95]

their singular, penetrating beauty. Mr. Hayes has not forgotten. He

They reminded her of a picture must help my boy."

which hung in her room in Washington, a copy from one of the JjEFORE Eileen's mental masters who painted in Italian eye floated the face of her grandchurches, long ago, the face of the father with its transparent frailty.

Mother of Christ. "Grandfather has been ill,"she

"Mr. Hayes has been ill,"exsaid defensively. "He can't be

is sleeping; Eileen. plained "He I disturbed."cUh at reflect I one disturb him. dare not am boy may die!"cried "But my

I be granddaughters. of his Can passionately. the woman

service to you?"ofYourthe "Yes,"woman replied, Eileen."I will"Howhelp yourdid yourboy,"husbandreplied working hastily. was She to her come die—here?"nervously. hands loved him,"grandfather "Your(personality said sit down?"you "Won't she quietly. the Then said woman

s—y /7ERE you will find Eileen. addedderstandquickly:him. "ButPeoplehe didn'tin generalunCards in infinite va- 1 HE pale woman sat thought him queer. He had been

in his marunhappy wretchedly rigidly upon a rosecolored down inevitable.Sf\. riety of artistic deswas riage. A separation chair.

igning and appropriate greet- "My boy is very ill,"she said, Then he married a girl, a poor ill with girl, who "Seriouslyings * * * distinctive cards to tremulously. grandfather's in your of appendicitis. an acute attack had been teachinghome—inmusic

express your individuality. They have taken him to the hosthis home. She was I."

the free clinic. I have "You?"exclaimed Eileen, gazpital—toSee this superb collection while been ill myself, which was very ing into the steady, luminous blue

it is complete * * * choose bad luck for us, as I earned good eyes. "You?"

now * * * particularly if you moneying to operatewhen well.in the morning.They are Butgoous,"Yes,but noI. sacrificeHis fatherwas wastoo greatfuriwant your name imprinted. the free clinic isn't the place for for me to make for him. He

my son. He must have the surest would have been great, but for

skill in New York. He can't die. that quarrel with your grandfaHe's a wonderful boy. He'll make ther. We had a hard struggle and

his mark, as his father would have then came here to make peace. Your

done if he had lived. His father grandfather didn't know there was

died before he had a chance to a little baby at home. He doesn't

show what he could do. But his know it now, for after the funeral

me. die. them. I hid That's He hated from can't must live—he

I for him, die!"hated Heaven knows here. He shan't I came The DESERET sonwhy

quarrel. the started Such you he do money much "How

fire."against flashing Fire quarrel! Eileen. asked timidly want?"PRESS NEWS a Eileen. gasped to re- "Fire?"deal. great Enough "A Street 29 Richards health."complete to store said wills,"clashing "Fire him of

Salt Lake City, Utah This woman wasn't at all like the woman. "And then in a mothe people who came to the door ment his son was gone. Gone!

——- +***. of their big house in Washington. But his grandson must live!"

with great deal"said "a had Eileen's voice was "Son?"

she as The Utah though dignity, High Shequiet she audible. had scarcely "Grandson?"f it. to a right breathed. of Beauty School

grandfather know "Does my the answered "Yes,"woman Culture asked. Eileen you?"her "his grandson."Then resoftly, Salt Lake Bldg., Clift the low to,"came 331 used "He vibrative voice the swelled, with years fifteen chat would here, a profession stood "I Learn make ply.

pride motherhood. joy of and rest of the for independent you saw and piano my ago, by that He's like boy. wonderful catalog. "He's for life. Write your off cut had whose husband,,"all his saved Eve Coupon. Mail this allowance, his fall—father father'sfather—gifted.a writings for his him."misty the of thought Eileen

Name shadows. "Writings?"exclaimed the girl. Address -? "Was he ill?"she asked. "Did he write verses—delicate

the said woverses?"was dead,""He

and provide room CityWe can "Beautiful verses,"the woman a weak quietly. had "He board to man, town. of out students

tm * ""jp ''*'w *** heart. And he was very angry. answered. "And stories. And

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 113

songs. We were going to have

them published. But we came here

that night—and we never went a little sleeping child. Book of Testimonies—backout againto together. I went alone

I worked for him. He was worth Just Off the Press

working for. He's precious. He's

his father's child."Testimonies and Portraits

iilLEEN had risen, for OF THE ORIGINAL FOUNDERS OF MORMONISM the air seemed light, so light that she could scarcely draw it in. She and of the

moved towards the window, unGENERAL AUTHORITIES OF THE CHURCH steadily. had snow The blotches Down to the Present Time

it, rosecolored about uponmoving blotches, like the chair upon which Enriched by Memorable Scenes in Church History sat.the strange The woman girl An Excellent Christmas Present line struggling connected for awas

of thought. Her father! His verses. Postpaid $1.50 from the Publishers

The writings this woman had saved. Her Co. otherness. The mother'schild—thisacid bitterwo- Zion's Printing 8 Publishing

man's child, who must live, not Independence, Jackson Co., Mo.

only because his mother loved him, but because he was his father's son.A shadowy mist was rising up

from the floor. It was descendingalso from the ceiling, which she BAKERIZED

could scarcely see. She must hold

tight to her hands. She mustn't

let go of her hands. "My father—"her voice sounded a long way off. The woman's

form was a distant, indistinct SERVICE outline. "My father—"in

spite of herself Eileen thrust out Give a Ford for Christmas her she hand. did not But

fall. in BAKER MOTOR caught was The hand

a strong, steady clasp, and tender COMPANY arms were wrapped about her. A 3rd South and 3rd East

voice said gently: "Poor little girl!

Poor little Eileen! Forgive me,

dear. I didn't know you; I haven't

seen you for thirteen years. I

thought you would be with your mother on Christmas day."(Srwtinp 1 HE blue eyes were mmn

shining with tears. She placed FROM

the girl tenderly in a big chair, and rang for the butler to bring some chocolate. Eileen clung to the Consolidated Wagon &

firm hand. 'You are good,"she said. "You Machine Co.

are kind. You understand. You Utah Idaho

may have all the money you need. DISTRIBUTORS

I have All you want—my money.

such an awful lot of the stuff."Again we wish to remind you that we sell and service the

The drink arrived. Eileen sipped famous John Deere line of farm machinery.

it. The mists began to clear. Even

the dark cloud in the farthest corner kicked up its heels and began A TOOL for every SERVICE and SERVICE to roll away, taking with it somefor every TOOL.

thing whose jangling and color had always bothered her—the At prices which are competitive. Bring us your problems.

flaming cap and the tinkling bells of a fool. 114 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

the poor as church mice! Why, unrouged "As When woman cousin—departed, Eileen Grayson's had to Mr. went back

20 Y e a r s of her grandfather, to find him still "I'm sorry, mother, but I'm goImprovement asleep."Is thatThe you,telephoneEileen?rang.What ingTheto thetall, dancedefiantwithyoungJimmie."figure

produced this luck!""Jimmie! Why Jimmie, where youngwas drawneyes flashedup tense;fire. theThedefiantolder

did you come from?"woman crumpled.

GREAT "I haven't come yet. I'm still "Good heavens!"she cried, tears

EUREKA comein Washington.and take youButto I'da gloriouslove to enoughchoking forherhervoice.father to"Itbe wasn't"

dance tonight. Will you go?""Don't say it,"cried the girl.

eyes father Eileen; was. "Thanks, I'll call at what He had my $56.50 "Yes, Jimmie, I'll go.""Don't say it, mother. I know

ears to hear. to see Christmas!"was and He Merry Attachments eight.

She hung up. But the deep, an artist. He listened to the music

$8.00 joyous young voice rang like a of life. If he was one, I am proud

chorus in the room: "Merry to be a fool. I accept his heritage—In the Eureka Standard, Christmas! Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas!—

the famous "HighVacuum"the turnedprinciple been has of cleaning A SOUNDher to her knees I-.T was nearly eight in girl and brought its highest pointbrought to

the evening when Eileen's mother before the large chair into which of refinement. This superarrived. her grandfather had dropped, his

powered Eureka not only as- 'There are so many things doface hidden in his frail shaking sures superior cleaning of ing on Christmas,"she said gayly, hands. "My 'son—my son—myrugs and floor coverings, but "We couldn't seem to get here."son—"he wailed.

also has many new and amaz- "Hungry?"asked grandfather. "Forgive me, grandfather,"

ing uses you never believed son's"No;people.we dinedCharmingwith Mr.dinner.Graycriedhis. Eileen,"Forgivepressingme, dear.her cheekI loveto

polishing, sanitizing, than an hour. I must dress hurAnd there was another sound,—floora vacuum cleaner could have Mr. Grayson will be back in less you, grandfather; don't cry!"

moth control. Ask for a riedly. So glad you are all ready, which brought all their eyes to

the lifted door, Eileen. Eileen to her really and look pretty. You

feet. a voice, is deep It was his whichdemonstration—no obligaMr. bringing Grayson youngtion. gently: cousin again with to your said be him

"I told beg butler escort."pardon. The Easy Terms—Small to in the wait next room. "But, mother, I already have me

Carrying Charge a date. I broke one with grandcouldn't help hearing. And II

Light Utah father to accept that one. I couldn't couldn't bear to hear Eileen cry Power & all alone her Co. break here, with one that no to on with you."go

its stores or any of side, she I think needs date queried with "A whom?"or me. a lot told about me MyI mean.father the icy in tones. mother

Eureka Vacuum 177 E. Broadway Cleaner Co. "With Jimmie Gaynor."father'sEileen lastfriend;night.he lovedHe him.was Myher "Jimmie really is Gaynor? Jimmie Gayfather City Salt Lake a gentleman—and? Why—''very smart. Was. 4764 nor Phone I hope you will like

"Jimmie's a nice boy, mother, me. I am Jimmie Gaynor. I

and his father is the editor of the have come to take Eileen to the 1 lmes. dance."

BE INDEPENDENT No Other Vocation So Profitable!

ENROLL NOW The HandMe-Down Baby at the Course For a Complete [Continued from page 72] Quish School of Beauty Culture "Oh that,"Anne's laugh was

The Best in the West pitched about two notes too high B UT Jim paid no at304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. and was slightly off key, but Jim's tention to her last remark. He

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH ears were not musical. 'That rose and walked around the table

Call Catalog lungs pair of has a husky "He% For Furtherand Information must be Mary Duane's baby."and took Anne by the shoulders. been you up to, "What have 7560 Wasatch or if it satisfied is."But Jim seemed is scarlet, Lucretia? face Fill Your in This

Coupon and applied the carving knife to you've spilled your glass of water roast. the twice during dinner and now your again. the gurgle came But

teeth are chattering."

it I'll turn Jim, you, bothers "If on the radio."But Anne was crying. Jim

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 115

pulled her close and kissed her "More than that, more than I Children sweeten labors, but trembling mouth. could ever tell you. May I keep they make misfortunes more bit-

"Goo,"from the bedroom. Jim him, Jim?"ter; they increase the cares of life,

made straight for the door, but but they mitigate the remembrance

Anne caught him as his hand of death. Bacon: Essays.

turned the knob. Hi[ER husband's answer For what is a child? Ignorance.

"Jim, you've got to love him. was the kiss he had started to What is a child? Want of knowlYou've just got to because he's give her five minutes before. edge. For when a child knows

hystericryingmine."was Anne "And just think, his name is theseferior things,to us. heEpictetus.is in no way infists her small andcally now were Jimmy!"beating on Jim's chest.

"Anne, what are you talking "And by Jove his hair is about?"His face was sober and red as yours."

his hands hurt her shoulders. For a time the dinner was for-

"It's a baby."Anne was struggotten and the periwinkle blue

gling bravely against the hysteria. candles slowly dripped on the salad

Her usually calm nerves had coldressing. Then Anne left Jim and

lapsed after the past week. his new son while she went to

"So I guessed, but whose warm things up in the kitchen.

baby?"Tiptoeing back to the bedroom

his eyes alight her husband, saw hear? mine, "He's Noshe do you and Quickly HOME! tell can you you us how Let AT joy, the strange open with instrument, favorite the easily your learn play can take—"began Anne.body time. spare in your in and right your home toown fist little small kiss the and chubby everypopular, welcomed will you make Music look Jim's 'Yours?"on The opportunities. bigmoney palm. where, and offermany

her.face calmed A-B-C aa Easy

later begin. to rushed out music he about We moment nothing know need You A not really mine,"right Jimmy, instruction "Oh individual give you fromwill satisfaction. You overcoat hat. with start guarantee your and the andpersonal, at criedand laughed made and be can Anne music that delighted surprised and be

in Courses fascinating. easy so and are earth time, onthe "Where he's you going, Organ, that one same "but Mandolin, Cornet, Piano,VioHn,Trumpet,

Guitar, Hawaiian Spanish Banjo, Banjo, Tenor forDr. Jimmy?"me, found Osborne Clarinet. and Saxophone, Accordion, Guitar,

Today Catalog for Send Newthe willing to give mother was him a to in Christtown great now buy "Down Ourall will It about School—you

National wonderful the its successfultell andthis 27th year—a dear,up. I love He's such and little over to things for tree and mas success some meant has that Method

it now, right for students. Send 300.000Academy lovehim, him."stocking, little Jimmy's is and, it. It you FREE. think of while youenthusiastic

"So you'll you wanted a baby that minx, NATIONAL have to stay home ACADEMYEast 41st Street,OF MUSICChicago Dept. xai 702 sweetheart?"much, I and tend the baby."

STARTS Like a WINTER FLASH!88GASOLINE

PEP 88 winter gasoline is case dilution which is so especially refined to vaporize damaging to your engine oil.

quicker—to give you quicker Drive into any station displaystarting with less choking even ing the PEP 88 insignia—fill up

on the coldest mornings. with this gasoline that "starts

It is real economy to use PEP like a flash"and enjoy the 88 for its INSTANT STARTpleasures of winter driving

ING feature prevents cranksafely and economically!

Manufactured and guaranteed by

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY Salt Lake City 116 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

Cactus Blooms

We Are Specialists [Continued from page 80)

In Repairing Flat Roofs ed. "I "ButknowI that,knowEddy,"you. sheI'vepleadbeen streakedEddy'sup heartthe fieldthrilledunder aashighhe

through your country. I know pass from Joe. He wondered if he

Don't wait till the ice and snow your deserts; I know what you've really would get a chance to play.

to disfigure your there."come home done down with Glendon began The game roof. that leaky through I can't "But St. Francis. off to make the team,"he kicking The

Fix it now. said. "The Coach seems to be off big Purple and Silver team snared

me for good."the ball and made for Glendon's

Reroof with Old Amer- "You'll make it, Eddy,"she regoal. The Bears did not bring the

ican Asphalt Shingles plied. "Brig is likely to blow up, runner down until he had reached

Dad says, when the going gets his own fortyfive yard line. Old

old curled over your Right it'll. get plenty tough Coach on his feet, was McCarthy tough—and shingles. wornout wood chance. you'll set. his have face your.drawn and up and—then

your show hold them,"he must 'They fight—you'll I beyou, Eddy? You'llspines—won't said particular. in to nobody Demand lieve in you."

OLD AMERICAN PRODUCTS St. FRANCIS began

and Keep Hi.E looked into her working on the Glendon line. The

UTAH MEN EMPLOYED pleading brown eyes and then at Bears offered stubborn opposition, her tender lips. but seemed unable to stop the

St. Francis heavy backs who I'll "Marj, do my best to—to off tackle, over plunged guard, said solthe he blossoms,"American Asphalt discard

emnly. "I swear I'll do my level and ran around the end for big

Roof Corp. best."gains, taking the ball down the

field from three to seven yards on Phone Was. 2663—1674 Beck St. He pressed her hands between each play.

"Made in Salt Lake City"his own.

"Thanks, sEddy,"she said, seriThe Glendon reserves were franously, a catch in her voice, "I'll tic. All watched with fainting

make Dad believe in you as I do."hearts the vicious plunges of the

opposing team. The ball was on She rose. Glendon's twentyone yard line

"Don't tell your Dad a thing when the Bears held.,St. Francis,

about what we've said, will you,"in an attempt to score on a pass he pled. "He must use his own threw over the goal line.

judgment. I might look rotten in

that game, even when I'm doin'The game seesawed back and my best."forth across the field until the half

only a few old minutes when say my was "I'll not a word—cross a bad that punt of out went said, smiling. "But she heart,"

thirtyGlendon's on own sure bounds you'll get your chance—I'm line five yard a gave St. Francis

of it."break. As the heavy St. Francis and horse her her on He helped line got ball, the with Coach down the on her, one hand beside walked feet. his rose to McCarthy Eddy campus. the to back mane, horse's see could the in eyes. look his

crouched lower JCjDDY day Thanksgiving his bench. on what knew He cold bright and dawned though

be done should feel when to work follow. Work it in was could He stiff cloudless. the wind made A conditions. regardless of weather his bones. heavy backs Those trotshiver as Bears they Glendon

production. A Cut holes would through hammer costs—increase tell field. to t'fi could the on Eddy

size for you. line a for Glendon's touchdown. the that Hercupromised the day,

Girls, glanced He up at the Pep conference the lean struggle, and Landes Tractor & face could see her Marjorie, and all to combined had championship tense. Equipment Company attract one of the greatest crowds pale and drawn, her form

Dealers in Glendon's history. The CrimShe, too, knew, what that offensive

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH son and Gold of the Glendon stuportended.

ball was snapped. The St. Branches—Tremonton. Utah dents glistened in the afternoon The

Malad and Preston, Idaho sun on the west side of the field. Francis quarterback carried it

The Purple and Silver of St. around the end three yards. On

Francis on the east side, answered the next play, the fullback on what color for color. appeared to be the same play, reThe Improvement Era for December, 1930 117

peated, took the ball and by cutunder his breath. "He should have toe sent it cleanly between the

ting back through the line made known better than to use that pass posts. Eddy sank to his seat with

seven yards and first downs. there."a groan. Nine to nothing and the

Eddy was trembling. He knew Three plays took the ball back third quarter gone.

nothing could stop that onward to Glendon's thirtyone yard line, The fourth quarter opened with rush. Another line play was folbut the Bears held. St. Francis St. Francis kicking to Glendon.

lowed by a completed pass and the lined up with a man back. Eddy Brig seemed entirely gone. One

St. Francis half placed the ball knew they were going to try a play after another failed.

over Glendon's goal line just bedrop kick.

fore the gun cracked. Their half- "Block that kick,"he yelled. "He's through,"Eddy snapped

back failed to kick goal. The "Keep quiet,"the Coach com- "I knew old Brig'd blow up.

series of plays shouldscore at the half stood 6 to 0. manded sternly. "We'll get a Why that

penalty."never have been called there."

WHAT'S the trouble Eddy put his hands over his in there?"Coach McCarthy asked TiHE ball was snapped face to hide his feelings. He

as the team rested between halves. back to the kicker whose educated could not help but remember the

"Why can't your offensive get going?""They seem to know our plays,"Brig answered. "We can't

pull anything that they can't solveinstantly."LESS LABOR..

"Just what I feared,"the Coachreplied. "You must dramatize CLEANER

your plays better.""They've been scouting us all CLOTHES

year,"Brig went on. "I think -mazjL >.

they know every play we've got."

"It's too late now to do anything about it,"the Coach replied. "Brig, you'll have to mix

things up a bit; run your sequences."Or

McCarthy outlined some plays which, he hoped would help. Eddy

listened, eagerly, for he believed he would have his chance to play.

half much was very The second one *\ the first.a repetition of With

touchdown in the lead, St. Francis

tfplayed cautious, tight football. mn

punted always on theThey third w showed other ways and indown that they were content with the score as it was.

J\S the time slipped 9is& away, the Bears opened up more and more in an attempt to score.

Brig was running the team well, but was gradually revealing by his i<"plays the strain under which he had been working.

St. Francis a series plays, of On laundering. fast 75 work of indeed, makes the Yes, Haag new WORK! FAST You'll never of all out the just of work about it takes And ball to Glendon's thehad worked laundering. IT does it,yourtoo. this again, CLEANSgo back once soaking Haag to and handrubbing

blankets. the line clothing pieces,thirtytwo.when yard and work heavy CLOTHES

well. The finest, things sheerest SAFETY your trust CLEAN—evencan And you Brig, held.Bears stiffened and with wringer, injury. all of asnew The chance agitator protects it fromwith them

clothes, is mostits and the water from soft "smoothes"rolls rubber, of balloontype ball the desperate, tookevidently careful buttons. the of

gain a first failing toand after Briggs either with 4-cycle available It is washer. this to see surely want

motor. Electric H. P. General or illustrated) (as gasoline engine J/4 to tries & StrattonYou'll attempted in twodown

Price Price St. interceptedpass. Francis and Gasoline $210.00 85 Twintex Electric $175.00 No. 85 No. Twintcx

190.00 Gasoline forty 75 ball the 155.00 No. on Glendon's Electric 75had No.

174.00 Gasoline 65 No. 139.00 Electric 65 No. their line was backyard 149.00 when Gasoline 109.00 55 No. Electric 55 No.

dragged down. Dealers in Utah and Idaho

Eddy groaned. He fancied hecould see the end. Coach McMOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

Carthy was grim. DISTRIBUTORS—OGDEN, UTAH

"The chump,"Eddy grated 118 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

M m i- llii i ii n—.! i I,—fc||—1| H girl up in the stand. For Glenthink of. (He discarded one after

bitter St. Francis team had met many The donmore towouldbe beatencertainly9 to be aor even another as he remembered how the

pill for Coach McCarthy. of them. He knew here they would

Eddy heard some one stop in be watching for a pass, yet, he befront of him. He raised his eyes. lieved a pass was the only thing Master It was the big Coach looming over that would bring a touchdown.

him. The Bears were tiring and could

"Brown,"he said, "Brig's exnot be depended upon to make any holes in the massed line. Library.... ploded. You got to go in."

feet, pullleaped to his Eddy it Concern; i To may Whom as tight ing his helmet down

I certifies that have examined This he JtlE called his play. He

with some care "The Master Library"did so. knew that over in the grand stand

Version the containing King James he replied. of "Okay,"there be at least would one whopic- illustrated Bible by many the Holy the Coach went "Now, listen,"not approve, would her apand illuminating and very tures with and

helpful explanations. on. 'They are solving our plays. proval meant more than anybody

To me it seems that this work is the You got to work 'em faster. Spring else's just then. But he must take

;of I Bible the presentation have finest something smash that line. the and one desperate chance.

in readinterested seen. ever Anyone got to win."The ball was.snapped back to helped Bible by We be more would ing the

this work than he would be by any "I'll do my best,"Eddy said, Joe Medill. Eddy streaked through

other text of the Bible with which I am his voice trembling in spite of him. the line and off to the left. Over

It certainly be acquainted. would a fine "I want you to give me a chance, his shoulder he caught sight of the library or for any work for any home

in which there is an interest in the though. Don't pull me out 'till ball spiraling towards him, but

study of the Bible. I look absolutely hopeless."well in front. He stretched every

F. JOS. MERRILL, a sinew lips. prayer his on He replied. "Go Commissioneri could not catch. miss that all this I ask."simply of Education. "Win Bldg, 417 Mclntyre in,"game—that'sthe Coach Behind St. thundered him two City, Salt Ut. Lake

—Hmm ji—.—h—ii—.. ii—it ii—||—n——ii i i - i ii—Francis backs, and he knew the

A;S Eddy trotted out play would be decided by inches. REPRESENTATIVES on to the field he heard a roar Joe had led him too far with the

pass. bleachers. couldn't from the Glendon He make it! But WANTED! he must! he outstretched, with it he thought arms With Mingled

could hear a voice shrilly crying, he left his feet and lunging

touch sang. spines."heart His slipped—hisWINNING "Cactus Spines. Arizona cactus through the air he felt his fingers NEW heart off the well Brig Before grasped it was stopped—butthe oval. It he Users Every firmly. Day field, more Bears the were on Glendon

their way. The entrance of Eddy He fell to the ground the ball

Brown into the battle seemed to clutched tightly in his hands as put new fight into them. Coach two St. Francis backs piled on top

McCarthy grinned as he watched of him.

his machine for the first time beWhen they saw the ball behind gin to click as he had hoped it the St. Francis goal line, Glendon

would do. As the Bears plowed fans went mad. Lon Granger,

up the field with Eddy Brown's the Bear fullback, dropped a placevoice calling signals high above the ment neatly between the upright.

roar of the crowd, Old Bill McSilver and Gold colors fluttered

Carthy watched the score board frantically in the breeze. The

anxiously as the big hand crept score was 9 to 7 in St. Francis's

up toward fifteen. favor.

Eddy felt like a superman.

Fresh, he carried the ball frequently himself ripping off precious I.T was a rejuvenated

yardage as the seconds ticked team that kicked off to St. Francis

away. and followed the ball down the

"Give 'em the Cactus, Bears,"field. On account of the raging

to be everywhere present,—tohe shouted.Hades with"Givethe'emblooms."the spines cactusseemed spines behind the line who

The tired Bears responded hethe Bear forward wall suddenly beroically. Crushing the huge St. came impregnable. St. Francis had

Francis line before them they at to punt. CONOCO last stood on the enemy's fifteen The ball spiraled high and fell

GERM PROCESSED yardgrimly.line. It Therewas thirdSt. Francisdown heldand intoup theEddy'sfield towardarms. theAsscorehe startedboard, PARAFFIN BASE eight yards to go. he could see the huge fingers—St.

Eddy thought rapidly, calling Francis 9; Glendon 7, and almost

to mind all the line plays he could in the same second he saw the handMOTOR OIL

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 119

of the clock. It read four minyard line before he was downed.

utes to go. As he rose to his feet he looked at

St. Francis, sensing the rejuvethe clock. Two minutes to go MODERN BOOKS

nation of the Bears, ran some fresh and there were forty yards between men into the line. These held on the Bears and the goal line. that Qualify you for all

their own forty yard line. Fourth He called a buck. It failed. He PUBLIC SPEAKING.

down and four yards to go. tried an end run with the right for new Again Eddy went over his halfback carrying the ball. The Occasions—send

plays. The St. Francis team had Bears lost a yard. He called a pass. Catalog.

solved the line smashes. Again It was knocked down by a St.

rejectedhe them. He called his Francis back. THE SPEAKERS into a huddle.men In desperation Eddy looked over "Cactus Blossoms,"he barked. his bag of tricks. If he only had LIBRARY

"What?"the center barked a -kicker! What an opportunity (Brightwood Station)

back. for a perfect toe! Then a thought Washington, D. C.

Eddy flushed. flashed into his mind. He called

"I forgot,"he stammered.

"We're goin'to try a placement."

Eddy knew his strategy was good. He did not have a good

placement kicker, but he might make it. If he didn't—well, he

had already figured out a sequence if only that clock hand didn't that too rapidly. He knewmove the ENAMELED GIFTS up allSt. Francis would bring

men in an attempt to block it. ARE WELCOMED

his seat FROM on the Furniture and small articles of utility and adornment for the home,. watchedside lines Coach McCarthy

the preparations. He knew that decorated with

the Bears had no placekicker of any ability. He knew that Eddy

knew that and he wondered why the boy would take a chance of having a kick blocked.

"It must be a fake of some Bennett'skind,"he said to his line coach.

'The kid knows we haven't a man that could place kick forty yards."'Broprrlih

The line coach nodded assent.

Just then the ball was snapped.

Joe received it and placed it. The Insurance;

fullback came up and kicked. The

ball wobbled high in the air and came down in the end zone.

"The fool did,"Coach McCarthy grunted. "Chauncy, getready to go in. Brown has gone QUICK ENAMEL

hay wire."The ball was placed in play on make excellent, highly appreciated Christmas Gifts.

St. Francis's twenty yard line. St. AND IT'S LOTS OF FUN TO MAKE THEM!Francis, however, had spent much

of its power and lacked the punch to make any headway with Eddy Bennett's iQuick Enamel is favored by both professional and calling the Bears grimlyBrown to amateur decorators. Offered in many beautiful, modish Silver and hold. The Purple

team was forced to punt. colors.... Dries rapidly.

1 HE ball was low andswift and would have gone over Bennett Glass & Paint Company

Eddy's head had he not leaped 65 West First South Street—Salt Lake Cityhigh and thrown up his arms. He

caught it and lit out up the field. Sold throughout Utah, Southern Idaho and Neighboring States

Four Bears fell in line in front of him and behind their perfect interference he had reached the forty 120 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

a huddle. The play was to be a low leave his feet and shoot

placement again. Some of the through the air. Eddy leaped

When your Home Burns Bearswill makeobjected.it,"Eddy"Thissnappedtimeback.we high,fullback'sescapinghandsby graspedinches atas thehis

There's a certain amount The fullback dropped back. elusive heels.

his place took the Eddy on ground of to that comfort know to receive ball. ready the make To

\ yards;fire to go destroy should your Thirty real, the caredrama he more was his everything Eddy forgot but tonight that home you ful to off the ground. smooth pursuers that goal ahead. and

are covered by Fire InOut on the side lines Coach McNever had he run as he was runsurance. Carthy was raging. ning. He stretched his legs until

Just as I thought. chump. "The cracked. his muscles will Such insurance pinches."in the Blows up it, he must make win or—CactusHe must the idemnify you for Blossoms.

loss incurred and allow He heard the thudding feet of you to rebuild your home 1 HE vast crowd held the St. Francis safety man behind

without financial hardbreathless. A kick perfectly exehim. He counted the rapid thud

ship. cuted would win; if it went wide, of the fellow's cleated shoes.

or fell short—Glendon would Twenty yards, ten yards.

It's worth a good deal to lose. He was tiring. His pursuer's

have this protection in The ball was snapped. In that steps became drums beating in his

these times. See our second Eddy knew that the game ears. Five yards! Suddenly the

stacregular sharp, became thud agent in your town. hungfuture in happinessthe balance,hungand withthat hisit. did not have to cato. Eddy

not intend to let the fulltold what was happening. The UTAH HOME FIRE He did be

ball. toe the back's was touch He spring. for a safety gathering was CO. INSURANCE signal a he playing one and man forward! Three He cactus Heber J. Grant & Co. This was the man. was

striking, yards and body leapedthen—a succeed be to to blossoms. It had Ag<ents General

leg, a his right pain shooting up forgiven. Street his 22 South on. he Dragging Main go but must

the tackier toward stumbled he far his sprawled, Salt Lake City, Utah hands.He gotHe theset itballat justfirmlythe properin his goal arms and

angle. The big fullback, as the above his head, the ball tightly

St. Francis men poured in to clutched in his hands.

smother the quarterback, rushed roar, then a deafening He heard ball kicked, forward and but—the a toe of like the hard something there. of surprise look not was

the struck cleated on shoe him surprise spread his over Aface—of

to chin. as shot bewilderment and Eddy

his feet, dodged the St. Francis

center, stepped to the left, the ball WiHEN he opened his

Every article which leaves tucked under his arm. eyes, he found himself lying on the

bench. beside the He sat up. had grass as he worked had The play our shop is not only cleaned alwere emptying The bleachers St. Francis expected wardo. it to

and refreshed but also guarriors were bounding in to block though bands were playing someanteed free from objectionthe kick. A glance at the goal line where, and he could hear the chatable odor of all cleaning maand Eddy's knees wobbled. It ter of excited voices as the people

terials. was too far. Some one would filed out. Men and boys covered

oull him down. Before his mind the field. Beyond them he caught

flashed miles of cactus blossoms a glimpse of the score board. St.

; Glendon 1 3 it read. Mail orders handled carefully yellow cactus blossoms. Francis 9

"Not yellow, too!"he half He tried to get up, but a twistand promptly sobbed. ing pain shot through his right

Then as if from a great distance leg.

he heard the roar of the crowd. "You can't do it."It was the

He knew Marjorie was up there. trainer speaking. "I'm afraid it's

These thoughts came in a blindbroken. We'll have to rush you

ing flash as he caught his firstto the hospital. You've been out

glimpse of a broken field of Silver for nearly ten minutes.

and Purple. "Is the scoreboard right?"

He set his teeth and bounded Eddy asked as he sank back on his forward and to the left. Running elbow.

with that ease that marks the nat- "It sure is,"Big Bill McCarthy ural ball runner, Eddy charged for said. He stooped over his quarthe goal. Out of the corner of his terback and patted him on the

eyes he saw the fullback cut in head.

from the side. He saw the big fel- "I'm glad."That was all Eddy

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 121

could say as he sank to the ground. boy bearing a parcel addressed to HEROISM, in which I include

He closed his eyes. When he her from Arizona. Her heart courage, fortitude, and selfde-

opened them he found himself fluttered when she recognized the nial is an essential element of a looking into a face so radiantly writing. great character; courage, which

sweet that he blinked twice "It's from Eddy"she said to leads a man forth to meet danger wondering if he was out of his her father and mother as she set whenever thereto called by duty;

head. the package on the table. fortitude, the power and practice of

"Eddy, that was simply wonThey said nothing, but under endurance, which renders him suhair. cept with cheerfulness whatever—smilingderful."Itdownwas Marjorieat him. speaking"I hope runningtheir gazeup sheher couldneck tofeelhera flush perior to pain, and makes him acparcel. Infate comes; and selfdenial, theyou're not hurt—much."She unwrapped the

"It doesn't matter,"he replied. side was a medium sized barrel subordination of the material to

"We won."cactus the top of which was loose. the spiritual, of the lower to the

"You certainly showed St. Removing it she revealed a cavity higher nature of man, which renFrancis the spines, Eddy."filled with cubes of cactus candy. ders his will master of his appeAmong it was a card. It read; tites and passions, and causes him

and the Blossoms, Christmas Both the Spines morn- 0.>N to forego every personal benefit for Marjorie, insisting Marjorie an answered

ent ring at the bell. Upon openWith all my Heart the sake of honor and conscience.ing the door she found a delivery Eddy.—David Dudley Field.

opular

The easily demonstrated and instantly felf power supremacy of Parco

Gasoline is winning thousands of motorists to its exclusive and consistent use. In

addition to being supremely powerful it is now made doubly desirable by its quickstarting Winter Test* volatility.

Get the Parco Gasoline habit. It will

save you money in the long run.

The volatility of Parco Gasoline is regulated to conform with varying seasonal temperatures. Winter Test Parco is

especially refined for quick cold weather starting and very best winter driving results.

'EALE AT INDEPENDENT GAS & OIL CO'STATION > AM

122 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

Blessings Follow

The Era THE MODERN WAY [Continued from page 103] All O. P. Skaggs System stores embody the with which this work was undertaken

same easy, modern and satisfactory shopping awrites:splendid"Inresponseour wardsfrom wtM. metI. A,withofways. And you will find all the seasonable, ficers and Bishoprics, and the degree

of success attained in the Era drive fine fruits and vegetables—the widest range has been due to the spirit and zeal

feel to comof staple and fancy the finest by the ward people. We groceries—and mend them for their work and to give

of meat cuts. Make these modern stores your to them the honor that comes from

food headquarters and enjoy having the best this service."

The following is from Brother D.

at great savings. L. Stapley, Stake Director: "I wish

to give you report on Improvement

Era accomplished by the Pine Ward

Stake. of Maricopa is a small Pine

located CLP. SKAGGS mountain town under

FOOD System STORM Mogollon rim, one hundred andthe fifty miles north of Phoenix. There

KJ-m-0-B0OBKHI are eighteen families in this ward and they have a paid up subscription list

Save i ofintotwenty,the homeswith oftwoinvestigators,of these goingand

Your theyin prospect."have two additional subscriptions

Directors Era of Franklin The Money j Stake, reported of their which 100%

Why waste $60.00 on; Era quota on the second day of the

Certificate when Joseph drive, write: 'We organized our

Wm. Taylor can furforces Sunday at our Union meeting.

nish a complete funeral j After having secured a subscription for a little more than from our Stake Presidency, High

Certificate a costs.

all Council, of our and members

Services, quality and a received Board, having and prices not equaled by jj Stake in the bishopric promise each from - JOSEPH WM. six their cooperation, of Stake mem125 TAYLORTtdLeSePhone grtMCbboth officecerandanyoneresidence Was. 7600 I "- the Priesthood, bers in High two North MainMH"—Street

Priests, two Seventies, and two Elders with six M. I. A. workers went out

in pairs to the six districts in each ward, and made a house to house TEMPLE BiAN canvass. Members and nonmembers

were all visited. We told our ward

workers Sunday that we would have a young man and a young lady in receive their to every (ward 100% quality and workmanship GARMENTSOf superior I phoned This did. When we for the report. manufactured

KNITTING SALT LAKE STORE prices defying And sold at When ordering night,the resultsreportsto Brotherhad beenBallardreceivedTuesdayfrom us from Postage remember competition.We Pay

ten of the eleven wards (one ward FOR LADIES FOR MEN being unavailable by telephone) showNo. No.

703 Flat Weave 719 Ribbed Light Weight $ 1.25.95 610614 Med.RibbedWt.LightEx. QualityWt $1.251.75 ing Franklin Stake over the top

792 Fine Quality Cotton 1.50 605 Med. Heavy Cotton 1.50 100%."

751 Fine Silk Lisle 1.95 663 Med. Heavy Unbleached Cotton.. 1.95

1.50 Silk Stripe 711 Med. 664 Med. Heavy Wt. Cotton Wt 1.95 Sister Julia R. Hiatt of the Union 1.95 Silk Stripe Quality 710 Extra 2.75 Rayon 620 NonRun

714 Med. Wt. Extra Quality 1.75 680 Extra Heavy Unbleached 2.25 Stake, which was the stake to go high660 715 Super Quality Rayon 2.75 Med. Wt. Silk and Wool

1.95 654 Heavy 720 NonRun Rayon Weight Wool 2.503.75 est in the percentage of their quota 50%

770 Silk and Wool 1.95 644 Heavy Weight 100% Wool 4.95 during the month of September,

20% Extra Charge For Sizes Over 46 writes: "I: wish I could tell you

Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman, also state if long how we did it. We were all ready to

long legs are Give accurate wanted. or or short sleeve, short Bust Measurement, the drive. of the during week go out Sent Request. Weight. Height and Samples Upon

prethe plans week all our made We

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE viousWardsso respondedthere wouldwonderfullybe no delay. wellAll

70 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH and all except one (Baker) have over

100% of their quota. Baker has

.

The improvement Era for December, 1930 123

promised quite a number more on the Sister Luree Gardner, Director of there is a position open for an engineer 15 th of this month. Our stake PresEra and Publicity for the Young with half interest in the company that

ident and I drove to one ward and Ladies of the Parowan Stake, reports: will market that engine. That's all I'm

that except say to your Pal I their gethelped quota. them perhaps you would am "We thought

tell be saidauthorized to eat Christmas he would yousure,our Presisuccess LaGrande to pleased of the 2nd of our Ward know tell dinner then with and he would you call tired gotdent very of in having Director She the Cedar Ward. me 2nd it. all you about

see toher every they day were in subscripgetting alone succeeded 42 how "Merry Christmas and[ Happy New finally thedoing and total to tions day to the Era. were quota we The for Year,

mail our order she told me plainly that her Ward is only 49.""Santa Claus."

the best their ward could do was 15 and their quota was 22. We felt as -egjgothough we needed their numbers badly but so many had to wait for paydays. So we were making out ourorder and about ten o'clock p. m. here Who Sent Kewanee

comes the Era Committee from the 2nd Ward with more than their quota. Santa Claus? Kewanee Steel Firebox

felt as though were so happy.We We

prayers answered.our been had They [Continued from page 85] Boilers

told to their they meetus board went

Pole I ran into of pal the North are toing Universally they decided for have and would Adopted all told yours. about he He me anyou—howoldleave to they see once and more what office strolled years into L. your ago S. Chapels when and all Other D.

could do and that was their reward. you were a young engineer ijust starting

They are still working hard to finish out for yourself and he laid before you his Representative Buildings this month. I am sure you will never idea of a new pumping engine he had

know how very happy we all were."invented. He asked you if it would

work. You said 'Yes.''Then,'said he,

Homer Englestead, Stake Director 'would you be willing to go ahead and for the Young Men of Zion Park design such an engine, involving this KEWANEE. 591 L&R G?RP?RATI9N

Stake, writes: "I was up to Springprinciple of hydraulids and take yout

dale yesterday. The Director of that chances of pay on my sometime getting HAWLEYRICHARDSON-

ward did not have time to go so I it patented and on the market:"You CO. WILLIAMS told 'Yes.'said you he And me how Allred withappointed A. to go John

after after struggled night day day and in subscriptions District Representatives 52 and putme we little plans of with night pay hope and werethe Springdale Ward. Some beseen never for had you a man—and

is a than This morenonMormons. last fore. before Night went you when Bldg. 204 Dooly

the in familysubscription in every Katie's I by. in to hear happened prayer

Springdale Ward."Wasn't that providential? Now, sir, Salt Lake City

Parents are the Last to Realize RESIDENTS—they haveof growna coal regionup withare it.accustomedTo themto itcoalis installationsScientific designsto permitfor buildingthe (highestconstructionefficiencyand heatingfrom

commonplace, and they usually bear in mind all equipment and fuel.

disadvantages without proper regard for advantages. Automatic coalburning appliances which stoke the

"While these same people know all about the automobile, heating plant, give even temperature with thermostatic radio, automatic refrigerator and numerous other procontrol and yield the utmost in combustion efficiency, ducts of the modern day, they fail to realize that with reduced fuel cost.,

comparable developments have been made in the use Appliances for automatic firing of pulverized coal of coal. Like parents who are the last to realize that which yield the highest efficiency of any fuel in use

their children have grown up, the average residents with the minimum fuel cost.

the proper to the industry to obtain close are too for chloride deliveries treatment to Calcium home perspective.

dust, in delivery bin. both in the and accomeliminate things that the of have been are some Here

plished: Preparation of coal at the mines to meet the needs of

Improved handfiring methods which reduce waste and every class of consumers and provide a fuel in keeping vastly increase the efficiency of even antiquated equipwith the progress in coal burning.

ment. All of these, along with improved service in other

Scientifically designed heating equipment which directions, from both producer and retail dealer, have provides the highest efficiency, either handfired or been combined to keep coal at the head of the list as automaticallyfired. the cheapest, safest and most dependable fuel produced.

UTAH COAL The West's Unequalled fuel"1 24 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

Utanut and Foods for Health Let Christmas Cakes Bring, Christmas Vitanut

Cheer Utah's Health Nut [Continued from page 81]

Cooking Terms beat with large strong egg beater until gives light spongy. This and method Margarines definite under- a be There must results, fairly perfect cake but good

Stirring terms. cooking of standing

is texture unless cannot be time had is that mixes ma- a rotary movement bread, for as spreads ideal are for taken separate beat, creaming and is short a terials together. Beating up ing. muffins. rolls They and hot introduces that and movement down cake stirred should in be only "A healthful finest, most the are is a materials. air Folding into the

is left to one right"direction—from folding one and dipping slow down shortenings. rule that old an has to us come down

alas to so not another material over generations. through order In many

introduced air that been has the low build Utah and them Buy this to inidea erroneous combat an whites the beaten folding as escape: to in structor a Industry school to cooking used Home

batter. the into class the in the have beat cakemaking

Your grocer will supply you, Measuring batter in every possible direction. This

or call the factory direct. Flour should be sifted once and witches,old rule whenoriginatedeverythingin thethatdayswentof

measured immediately, lifting it lightwrong was attributed to their evil measuring into the a spoon with in that power. the beating Knowing Deseret Foods ly

light flour is and cup. Cake results, affected the insures some and beway

scientific the ing without knowledge, Corporation anda tenderabsorbscake.moreBreadmoistureflour andis heaviertherecooks of that that time reasoned by

the the beating, direction of to for witches 2246 Highland Drive forefruits.shouldBreadbe flourused incancakesbe usedmadewherewith changingan opening was made

Salt Lake City, Utah the recipe calls for cake flour but in enter.

measuring two tablespoons should be Laboratory tests have proven that taken from each cupful, and better reit is the thorough creaming of the butif it is sifted 3 sults are had or 4 times. ter that the velvety develops and sugar

substituting it is measured. after i In texture batter cake of a and that

cake flour for bread flour add two should be beaten just enough (withtablespoons to each cupful. If too out thought of direction) to mix the

little flour is used the cake falls, too ingredients into a creamy, spongy much and the cake cracks open and is mass. Too much beating makes the

heavy.Fats.—Pack the softened fat firmly battertough, stringytoo littleand runnybeatingandmakesthe cakethe

into the cup or spoon so that there are cake coarse. Some cooks count their

no air bubbles, then level off with a strokes, but since every one stirs and knife. Tablespoons, teaspoons and beats at different speeds it would be

fractions of teaspoons should be meadifficult to'set a certain number for—however,sured with aansetordinaryof measuringspoon spoonscan be generaleach personuse. Thisthroughis somethingpractice mustthat

used, but in measuring a half spoonful figure out for herself.

Sego Milk has a distincdivide the full spoon, lengthwise. Oven Temperature

tive, fine real Tested Recipes With an oven regulator, the baking flavor—like

fresh cream. Use it in all Recipes should not only give the is a simple matter. For layer or sheet

set materials cake, at but used to regulator of the quantities be 375—for like your 350. plain the order loaf and the Light they should oven when and make cooking—you'll

tomaterials these putting in of cake it begins to the and method put warm its uniform, dependable gether. Most cooks agree upon the do not open the oven again until the

high quality! following procedure: Cream butter cake is nearly done. Layer and sheet

slowly add sugar and beat until light cakes about 20 minutes and loaf cakes

At Your Grocer's and fluffy. Add egg yolks and beat 40 or 45 minutes. Sponge, angel

again until thoroughly blended. Add food, chocolate and fruit cakes are

flour alternately with milk, a small baked longer and in a slower oven.

amount at a time. Beat after each adWhere there is no regulator the

testing or can be with done the hand using timing. constantly cook lastby A ListenMELODIESto SEGO bakingdition untilpowderthe andbatterflavoringis smooth.and Add

Saturday evely fold in the beaten whites. the same stove can easily time a slow

nings at 9, KSL There is a short cut for mixing that or moderate oven.

and KLO can be used by the busy housewife.

Soften the butter to consistency of Utensils cream, and put it in a large mixing The utensils for cake making are bowl, add sugar, flour, eggs and baking simple and few: a large earthen mixpowder. Stir until well blended, then ing bowl, an approved measuring cup,

The Improvement Era for December', 1930 125

set of measuring spoons, wooden slotJ4 pound dates ted mixing spoon and a large strong 2 teaspoons cinnamon teaspoon nutmeg is electrical beater an l/2 beater.egg An cloves teaspoon y2 it is exPlenty of to have, butexcellent thing

pensive. The cook who gives some Fruits and nuts should be made

thought to personal efficiency can make ready an hour or so before the mixinga cake in a very few minutes. The begins. Wash and dry currants (seedGOOD MILK

utensils and ingredients should all be less raisins may be used in place of assembled, the measuring done and the currants if desired). Cut seeded raisIN

baking pan greased before the mixing ins in bits. Slice citron peel thin,

careful dates, to remove being chop there is started that is begun—once sift flour, stone, incases meathat skin icing shouldshould The be no delay.

be spread soon after the cake is taken sure then sift again 3 times and mix 1 nuts. with cupful fruit and ofout the oven—when it is cool, but butter, sugar and beat LONG ROYAL add Cream cold.not

well. Add egg yolks and beat again.

all these beginner the To flour, spices, molasses and and the instrucAdd difficulttions and complisound may juice, a small BREAD alternately orange with cated, but with a little practice cake amount at a time. Beat after each adan interesting becomesmaking the soda until job dition smooth. Add

at the finish. delicious somethingwith then Those ingredients which give exin the dissolved and warm water,

Tested Recipes fold in the well beaten egg whites. tra nourishment and added zest are

Carefully stir in the fruit and nuts, and not spared in making LONG are All measurements greased lined tins well level. turn with into milk of good

oven. in slow bake and paper ideal the The ROYAL—plentymakes LONG ROYAL (Dark) Christmas Cake

stiff to batter be should enough for drop bread more winter—when of butter pound are Fruit cakes made from spoon. is needed I nourishment eggs 6 stiffer without cakes than with flour

cup brown sugar fruit, and more flour is needed in a sugar white cup in altitude than a low altitude. high Dixie molasses cup

fill 3 individual will bread Fresh at Your Grocer's This batter juice orange cup 3 cups bread flour loaf pans, a good size for gift cakes. 1 teaspoon soda dissolved in 1 Bake 1 hour and 40 minutes—one

tablespoon 2 hours. warm water large pan CO. BAKING ROYAL

1 currants pound Christmas Cake (White) Salt Lake City and Ogden 1 raisins pound 1 pound chopped nuts 1 pound butter pound citron peel 2 cups sugar i > iai of tfts far Q& A s. HOTPOINT motk*r

or W WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC RANGE Nothing could be more appropriate than a gift which (adds to banishes drudgery and cooking worries—and

her enjoyment of life every day in the year.

FIVE DOLLARS DOWN BRINGS ONE TO

YOUR [HOME—COMPLETELY INSTALLED

Decide NOW to make this Mother's Happiest Christmas

UTAH POWER 8 LIGHT CO.

Efficient Public Service m'm> "126 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

4 cups bread flour butter, add sugar slowly and beat unteaspoons 2 baking powder til fluffy. yolks, light 1 egg and Add Wasatch 4180 Wasatch 4181

2 tablespoons juice lemon again. Stir in beat of remainder and

teaspoon mace Yz Years "More than 40 of Knowing juice. alternately flour with lemon eggs 10 How"until after addition smooth. each Beat 1 seedless raisins pound

Stir whites. in well beaten fold egg candied pineapple pound KELLY Y*Y*1 pound candied cherries Add mace and baking powder and fruit in carefully floured the cup Brazil nuts and nuts.

greased into lined pans with Turn COMPANY hours. in 2 paper and slow oven bake STATIONERS 1-31 cuppoundblanchedorange almondspeel j

Bookbinders - Printers 1-31-3 poundpound citronlemon peelpeel This makesPoor aMan'svery largeFruitcake.Cake

Christmas Carbg Wash, dry and cut into small pieces 1 cup sour double cream thick) (very cherries the candied pineapple. and Fine Leather Goods sugar brown the nuts, oranges, 1 cup thin and slice Chop

molasses Dixie First cup 23 West Yi South flour, peel. citron lemon and Sift the

Salt 3 flour cups bread City, Lake Utah sift measure, again 3 times add and seeded 1 pound half of it to the fruit and nuts. Cream 1 teaspoon soda raisins

1 tablespoon cinnamon 1 tablespoon allspice 1 teaspoon lemon juice 1 tablespoon warm water into bowl. cream mixing Turn the

and: theFreshi Moisti Dissolve soda in water warm

stir into cream. Add molasses and

brown sugar; mix thoroughly, then A and 3 Y>avs Old add spices and flour, which has been

sifted 3 times after measuring, and 4 That'sbaked withwhat Royaltests provedBaking whenPowdera cakewas beatbeater.altogetherThe batterwith largemust strongbe veryegg

compared with one baked with a cheapthick. Stir in the floured raisins; turn

er brand of Baking Powder. The Royal into a pan lined with greased paper 4 cake retained its moisture and freshand bake in a very slow oven 1 hour

4 ness.licious Andas thethedayflavor?it wasAsbaked.rich andAfterdeandmolasses15 minutes.burn easilyCakesand socontainingrequire

will a long keep sounds—It 4 all, the proof is in the keeping. careful baking. This cake is better age better with fact it grows thantime—init When you bake, always use Royal, the

Cream of Tartar Baking Powder. Old English Plum Pudding 4 1 quart sweet milk

1 quart bread crumbs 1 cup molasses 6 eggs suet 1 poundRoyal Baking Powder raisins 2 pounds all leading Grocers At 1 pound walnuts 2 cups ibrown sugar In School Cafeterias as at YY poundpound citronorange peel

1 teaspoon cinnamon HomeCocoa's convenience Y2.2 pound dates teaspoons baking powder

soda Y2 teaspoon—Chocolate's flavor teaspoon salt

cloves teaspoon allspice teaspoon School cafeterias of the West prefer GhirarY2%lA delli's Ground Chocolate for exactly the same Y1 teaspoonteaspoon nutmeglemon juice reasons that most parents and most teachers Enough bread flour to make in theWest prefer it. stiff batter

Chop suet fine and sprinkle with

Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate has all the flour. Add bread crumbs to milk and

convenience of cocoa's powdered form—but let soak. Slice thin the citron and orall the full, fine flavor of chocolate, as well! ange peel; chop nuts; cut in small

pieces seeded raisins, and cover all with

Mothers know it is the sensible answer to flour that has been sifted several times.

afterschool emptiness—teachers know it Then beat the eggs until they are very

milk, add bread crumbs and foamy, blend sugar; molasses means clearer heads in afternoon periods. the and brown

. for stir well FREE in together well and enough..Sixteen".Write "Sweet

stiff batter. sifted flour to Add i, make Recipe Packet No.

D.GhirardelliCo., soda, spices and powder, St., baking Point qNorth

Calif. Francisco, stir in suet,GHIRARDf ELLI'S San voring. Then carefully CHOCO LATE nuts and fruit. Fill flatwo-thirds greased) tins (well

cover cloth and with rowu/ Say Gear.aardelly"powderfull of mixture, 1 pound baking

327 lid, and boil 3 1-2 hours slowly in g

The Improvement Era for December, 1930 127

kettle of boiling water. This recipe Stir constantly until thick, remove from

makes a very large amount and the fire and let cool while you are prepuddings are quite as attractive for paring part two.

fruit cakes. gifts as are theChristmas Part II Glade 's 1 cup sugar Cake Soar Cream

1 cup sour cream (thick) 2 cups cake flour cup butter Y2 1 CHOCOLATES sugar cup cups milk cake flour 2-3 cups 1 54 2 eggs and two other whites For Christmas eggs 2 teaspoon baking powder 1 teaspoons of baking powder y in soda teaspoon especially discrimfor tablespoon Made yy soda teaspoon J4 warm water of salt Pinch lovers. inating candy 1 vanilla teaspoon 1 vanilla teaspoon

butter, and slowly sugar add Cream into and mixing cream bowl Turn GLADE CANDY yolks together. well 2 egg cream Add yolks, sugar,stir soda. the in egg Add flour well. milk, and beat and Add COMPANY flavoring;flour, and baking powder

little a at a beat time smooth and several altogether, beat thenblend afSalt Lake City, Utah stir ter in part addition. each Then beater. large strong egg withminutes

soda, one, powder baking add and whites in well beaten the andFold bake in layers or loaf in moderate oven, 15 or 20 minutes for layer, 40 minutes for loaf. This cake can be

made in few minutes and is easily prepared while dinner is cooking if oven is available. Cut in squares when still

canned onehalf with and servewarm It cream. whipped dash ofpeach andmakes a most satisfying dish for grow- %

ing children. If the sour cream is

not very thick a tablespoon of melted m$<.

butter may be added to it.

Golden Cake k\ of sugar water 1 y2'cupcups y? warm

1 teaspoon cream tartar 1 teaspoon lemon juice eggs 6 r cups cake flour 1 y$ 1 teaspoon vanilla Pinch of salt.*.

Boil sugar and water without stirring until syrup forms a soft ball in cold water; pour slowly over the well

beaten egg whites, stirring as you pour. Let stand while you beat the

egg yolks, then add them to the mixture. Carefully fold in the flour and

cream of tartar. Add flavoring, turn into an ungreased angel food pan and Banish forever the

bake in slow oven 1 hour. grimy task of furnace stoking Icing

1 tablespoon butter Women, in particular, appreciate the advantages of 2 cups powdered sugar automatic heating with Natural Gas. For it is their

4 or 5 tablespoons orange juice responsibility to guard the health of the children and 1 teaspoon lemon juice the family—to keep the house clean... and to keep it

Grated rind of one orange warm during the absence of the men folks. Formerly,

Melt butter and add sifted sugar, these were irksome and almost endless tasks. But now,

alternately with orange and lemon thanks to Natural Gas, they are no tasks at all! Ask

juice, a small amount at a time, beatfor complete details.

ing until perfectly smooth. Add orange rind, and if necessary thin with

more orange juice until of right consistency to spread. Cover top and

sides of cake.

Chocolate Cake Part I 1 cup brown sugar egg yolks 2 cold water It's Smokeless and Stokeless 1 teaspoon 1 cup milk chocolate bakers'squares of 4 CO. GAS boiler in double chocolate Put

FARMINGTOM and UTAHServingGASSalt&>LakeCOKECity CO. WASATCHScr,rtKAYSVIUE yQ milk. sugar and add melted when MAGNA BOUNTIFUL CENTERVIUE

MURRAY GARFIELD TOOELE M1DVALE SANDY MORGAN While this is heating beat egg yolk; 06DEN6ASServing OtjclenCOMPANY

add teaspoon cold water to them and stir slowly into the heated mixture.

128 The Improvement Era for December, 1930

and flavoring and lastly fold in the 4 thoroughly together and boil until it well beaten whites. Bake in slow cracks in cold water, or forms thread

oven 25 minutes for layer, 50 minutes from spoon. Pour over stiffly beaten

for loaf. Heat may be turned up a whites, add flavoring and beat to Special little last few minutes. spreading consistency. MAIL THIS COUPON WITH

CO. 25c MUSIC BEESLEY TO

City, St., Utah Icing Chocolate Angel Food 57 Salt Lake Main

of the words 2 butter tablespoons copy receive a and 1 flour cake cup soulbeautiful, of the music and bakers'squares 2 chocolate 1 egg whites cup ful sons'new 2 cups sugar powdered 9 eggs About ">> tablespoons 2 of milk cup sugar Pioneers or 1 Y Utah "Our postum 1 tartar teaspoon cream 1 vanilla teaspoon extract teaspoon almond Y Write name and address here vanilla teaspoon chocolate butter together Melt Y and in double boiler, sift sugar, and add 1 teaspoon ground chocolate little at a time, beating smooth after Put teaspoon ground chocolate in each addition. Add flavoring, and measuring cup, sift in flour until it

milk or postum until of a consistency measures level—do not jar cup. Sift

to spread. this mixture together 3 times; sift

whites 3 times. of sugar Put egg White Cake cup

flat platter, wire in large and with of butter pound salt beat until foamy, then add whisk 1 sugar cup beating tartar. Continue cream teaspoons Index to Advertisers J44 baking powder and

American Asphalt Roof Corp. 116 2 cups cake flour until eggs are stiff enough to hold up

AshtonJenkins Company—108 1 cup milk in peaks, but not dry. Sift in sugar,

Baker Motor Company 113 Whites of 4 eggs a little at a time until all is used.

Insurance teaspoon vanilla Co Life Beneficial sift flavoring, of small amount Add Y Cover Back teaspoon lemon in, carefully; flour continue fold in Y 128 Company Music Beesley all is in used. very until slow Bake butter, slowly Cream sugar add and Co.—.119 Glass Bennett

1 least heat hour. at oven fluffy. The until may light Sift flour and 118 beat Oil ftCompanyPaint Continental

last slightly the increased 15 minbe after 3 times it has been measured and ft Machine Wagon Consolidated

Co. H3 add alternately with milk a little at a utes. Remove from oven and invert

Coop Furniture Company—-111 time. Beat after each addition until pan until cold.

109 Deseret Book Company flavoring smooth. baking and Add Plain Cake Corporation 124 Foods Deseret very carefully in the fold and power

1-3 112 butter Press cup Deseret News whites. beaten in oven, slow Bake

1 114 cup sugar Vacuum Eureka layers loaf minutes, minutes. 20 45 cup milk Company Kodak Eastman Y Cleaner Co.-—110 is delicate as as cake almost S flour angel 1 126 This Ghirardelli 54 Company CUP

Glade Candy Company 127 food. The egg yolks that are left 2 eggs

Henager's Business College -—106 can be used for caramel custard, the 2Y2 teaspoons baking powd er

Independent Gas ft Oil 121 recipe for which was given in NovemFlavoring

Jewelers Jensens'ber Era. HO is It cake. a delicious plain This 126 Kelley Company layers, in loaf or sheet. be baked Icing can Divinity 108 ft Co. Perschon Ketterer

carefully, It is together best put when 123 Whites of 2 *ggs Corporation—Boiler Kewanee

Landes Tractor ft Equipment 2 cups sugar according to the directions already givCo. H6 2 tablespoons Karo syrup en for cake making, but if the butter

Le Crist School of Dancing—113 Y cup warm water is softened to the consistency of cream, Master Library—118 Flavoring the method of beating all ingredients

Midvale Home Finance Corp. Mix sugar, water and Karo syrup altogether will give good results.

Inside Front Cover Mountain States Implement Co. H7 of Music—115 National Academy Christmas Really Merry

Institute 105 A American North [Continued from page 102]

Advertisof School PageDavis ing 1 7 talkin'an'readin'evenings!"His Quish School of Beauty CulAND what's more,"eyes were big and starry, and the

114 ture going "we're Sue, said Aunt little heart of to starved was him ft Dyeing Cleaning Regal so's won't over this house we 120 make joy. to bursting nigh with 125 Baking Company Royal doin'all time our to spend have it, 126 of to think Powder Baking "An'come Royal

We'll an'chores, me, Andy. you ft Fixture Cabinet Salt Lake on, smilwent Sue Andy,"Aunt

1 8 in, an'have an water Co. the bring the face into so near ing happy 109 J. Salter, Earl got, like Glenn's oil Judge furnace goin'to turkey's her "that own, Store 122 Knitting Salt Lake all, 'lectric an'lights, an'with just for big us 124 be too Milk Company Sego two—what diff'rent. is goin'to An'be things 1-122 O. P. Skaggs, an'ask say Annie and we Noah

to your 122 in the on morning way Joseph Taylor, Wm. to children the over Christmas

Library Speakers The tell Joe stop And119 school and you 'lectric a stove dinner. I can have ft Co. 127 Gas Coke Utah see a good He's to him. rug I want it too, an'in be won't no put Ass'n Producers Coal—123 Utah

an'feedin', an'at milkin'hand Insurance Fire Co—120 'tall Utah Home dinner."get a big to chore

passel he of o'younguns that Beauty School with High Utah cried Sue,"Andy, "Oh, Aunt 1 Culture extra money, use some 1 can neck her I tightening the about arm 115 Refining Oil Utah Company—guess,"till "we're choked, almost she was 125 ft Light Utah'Co Power

Z. C. M. I. Inside Back Cover "Oh, gee, Aunt Sue,"said Andy goin'to have a really Merry

Zion's Printing ft Publishing slipping his arm about her neck, Christmas, ain't we, huh, Aunt

Co. 113 "won't we have a good time Sue?"

I. C. Z.

Organized M.Lake City, Utah 1868—Salt

still. There is either progress or retrogresPROGRESS—Nothing in nature stands

sion. So, too, with modern business. The sharp process of competition, the demand

for newer, better things, urges on the steady march of progress. That Z. C. M. I.,

in the sixtytwo years since it was founded, has grown to its present proportions is indicative of the manner in which it has kept abreast of the tomorrow sets times—yet

a new goal. The Z. C. M. I. of tomorrow will always be a greater establishment than the

Z. C. M. I. of today.

I Losing Things Out o of Your Pockets Stop WEAR Z. C. M. I.

Mountaineer Overalls Equipped With STOPLOSS POCKETS

Here Are a Few of the Impelling [Features

You Can't Loose 1. Your Watch 4. Your Money

2. Your Rule 5. Your Keys

3. Your Pliers 6. Your Knife

7. The Pockets Are Handy

8. Best Materials Used

9. They Are Triple Stitched

10. They Won't Rip

THE STOPLOSS POCKET IS EXACTLY THE SAME as any ordinary pocket when you put things in and take things out. But

there's a patented feature in its construction which makes it impossible for anything to fall out of the StopLoss

Pocket. No matter what position you

are working in it is impossible for tools,

Everything Falls Out watches, coins, etc., to fall out of StopNothing Can Fall Out

of Ordinary Pockets Loss Pockets. of StopLoss Pockets

... * -- --->-....

PRETTY TOUGH

"WE CAN'T AFFORD IT!"

Suppose your father came to your house and said: "Son, I am down and out. Will you take care of me?"

Just fifty cents a day would take care of him, would you say: "No, I can't afford it."

Some day you will have an old man to care for. And it's going to be YOU.

Why not invest fifty cents a day in Life Insurance to take care of him?

Mj lew Sfjmj - S/cwLtoMJofihYW vafoy

A SPECIAL FEATURE OFFERED BY BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr.

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY

M