FEBRUARY, 1936 Return Postage Guaranteed SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

urn g The Church Chronology says:

(/ April 3, Smith, jun., Oliver and Cowdery the saw and heard Savior in the Kirtland Temple. 1836.—Joseph Moses V also appeared before them and committed "the unto Q) them keys of the gathering of Israel four the parts of from p)

earth, the leading of and the Tribes Ten of from R) the land the north."Elias Then appeared dispensacommitted the and the tion of gospel the of finally K Elijah Abraham, and the Prophet "stood before to them"the committed keys and them )> of turning hearts "the fathers of the to children, the V children the to and fathers."the (See History Smith of Joseph U

Cov., Doc. and Sec. and 110.) 5) q)

The Improvement Era Marks Another Notable Anniversary THE APRIL ISSUE

will Feature the 100th Anniversary of the

DEDICATION OF THE

KIRTLAND TEMPLE

The first temple to be erected in the dispensation of the fulness of times. It will be a special temple issue and one of the

outstanding issues of the year.

In addition to the story of the Kirtland Temple and articles dealing with the significance of events which attended its dedication, the April issue of the Eta will include:

THE KIRTLAND TEMPLE Pictorial studies of all of the nine L. D. S. temples that

Dedicated, Sunday, March 27, 1836 have been erected and dedicated within the past century.

Historical and statistical information concerning each temple.

A treatment of the significance of temples and temple work in modern times, and articles and editorials pertinent to this vital and muchdiscussed subject by

President Heber J. Grant Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Elder George F. Richards Elder Joseph Fielding Smith

and others.

The April issue of The Improvement Eta will also carry its regular features under the headings of Church News, Poetry, Fiction, Departmental Messages, Interpreting World Movements, etc.

Look for the April IMPROVEMENT ERA

A Significant Issue for a Significant Anniversary

Please find enclosed $2.00 in payment of a Please find enclosed $ for.

yearly subscription to The Imptovement Era. copies of April issue at 20c each.

Kindly mail to: &

NAME NAME ADDRESS ADDRESS WARD | WARD STAKE | STAKE |

1 'ipi wtfi m, 'wi - Improvement FEBRUARY, 1936 EDITORIALS Conformity - /. A W. 97

Editorial Changes - -J. A W. 96

Valedictory - - H. R. M. 97

Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors ARTICLES Harrison R. Merrill, Who Was Professor Joshua Seixas? LeRoi C. Snow 67

Marba C. Josephson, Richard L. Evans, Managing Editor Stringham A. Stevens 74

Associate Editors When the Waters of the Nile Flowed Into Palestine.... W. S. Rigby 76

Organ o the Priesthood QuoWhere is the White Brother of the Hop! Indian...Chief Dan Kotchongva 82

Improvement rums, Mutual - 85 for the Indians Dawns New Day Department A Associations and 90 Agriculture Indian Byron Davies of the American of Education

George Q. Morris, General Mgr. One Indian's Vengeance -...James P. Sharp and Glynn Bennion 92

Associate Clarissa A. Beesley, Mgr. Canada Welcomes the Chief Scout C. Fran* Steele 91 Business K. Orton, Mgr. J.

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL An Enviable Record 98

OFFICES: 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake

City, Utah FICTION Copyright, by the Young Walter L. Bailey 72 Men's Moving Mountains Association Mutual Improvement1932,

Corporation Christ of Latterdaycff the ChurchSaints.of JesusAll A Lesson in Hay Frank C. Robertson 78

rights reserved. Subscription price, A Silver Girdle (Conclusion) Clair W. Noall 88

$2.00 a year, in advance; 20c Single

Copy.

Office, Salt at the Post Entered POETRY secondclass City as Utah, Lake Harrison R. Merrill 66 at The Border of White Man's Land (Frontispiece) mailing for matter. Acceptance

rate special of postage provided for Happy Saint Valentine's Day Lula Greene Richards 81 of October, in section 1103, Act 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. An Indian Speaks Xuci7e Pingree 81

Valentines Carmen Malone 81 Western Sage Cristel Hastings 81

The Cover NocturneWarDrums., John ShermanHelen McMahanWalker 8181

Desert Damask Olive Marie Belnap 81 Brighton, Utah—Photograph by

John Talmage Casper L. Mitchell Thornton 81

The Casting of Lots in the Desert Carlton Culmsee 86

Brighton is one of the most Grace With Travel Faye Cashett Lewis 98 pleasant and popular locations Call's Landing Frank I. Kooyman 94

of summer homes near Salt Lake The Lane Gertrude Hood McCarthy 105

City. It is at the head of Big CotIndulgence Alice Facer 106

tonwood Canyon about thirty miles BarredI Am The Sage Alberta GraceHuish InglesChristensenFrost 115114from the city. Many citizens of

ValleySalt Lake own summer DEPARTMENTS delightful in thishomes summer Exploring the Universe Franklin S. Harris, Jr. 102

rendezvous. The M. I. A. home The Church Moves On.. 95

shows behind the knoll, really a OnScreeningsthe Book Rack. 104103

great rock, in the center of the Ward Teaching 105 picture Melchizedek Priesthood 106

John Talmage is a brother of the AaronicMutual MessagesPriesthood 107109 late Associate Editor of this magAdults 110 azine and a reporter on the staff of Seniors Ill the Deseret News. M M MenGleanersMen; Ill113

Gleaners 112 The Improvement Era will not ExplorersJuniors and Scouts 113114 hold itself responsible for unBee-Hive Girls 115

Your Page and Ours 128solicited manuscripts, but will exercise care in handling all contributions. A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

jitaa M—tifaiBy Solon Borglum, Courtesy Metropolitan Museum of Art

order of vi/htte lilaris JLand

By HARRISON R. MERRILL

Cteady, Blackbird, whoa, boy, whoa! Our bows are broken and our spears

I, too, behold a strange, strange sight... Are carried East as souvenirs.

Where white men's children sleep tonight I here would linger still—and yet,

Once hooves of Bison beat the sod—The Red Man's friendly sun has set.

A million drumsticks. The white man's God But listen, Blackbird, you and I

Seems stronger than our Manito, Are wild. Such ones must keep the open sky

So, Blackbird, all our tribes must go.

Above them. Tepees where they are

There once our wigwams met our eyes May stay. We'll keep the steady Star—Where now strange painted tepees rise.

our right And fences, where our ponies fed, ThatNever-Moves—upon

Are everywhere. Our fires are dead. And journey westward day and night

Sniff, Blackbird; that strange, alien scent To where the Shining Mountains rise—

Will kill us. Where the Bison went Fair, snowwhite stairways to the skies.

We soon must go. Ah, nevermore Come, Blackbird, let us leave this vale

Shall Papoose range that valley floor.... And vanish—down the mistdim trail!

WHO WAS

PROFESSOR JOSHUA SEIXAS?

By LEROI G. SNOW

tle of which has before appeared in H. Paradise, A history of printing

print, I am indebted to these sources: in Andover, Massachusetts, AndMr. George M. Jones, secretary, over, 1931.) Another publication

Oberlin College; Frederick C. of the same author in the possession

President Lorenzo Snow Waite, Professor of Histology, of the Boston Public Library is enWestern Reserve University; Hon. titled: "A key to the Chaldee lanWhile my father, the late JosephLibrary L.of Rubin,Congress;Semiticthe Division,Church guage,studied designedHebrew forwiththosethewhoauthor.have

President Lorenzo Snow, Historian's Office; Joseph Smith's Andover, Flagg, Gould and Newwas attending Oberlin Coljournal; Lorenzo Snow's journal. man, 1833."In 1852, the author

lege during the years 1835 and 1836 N. Taylor Phillips, in Publicapublished a third and revised edition

he was also receiving private instructions of American Jewish Historical of his Hebrew grammar under a tion in the Hebrew language from Society, No. 4, p. 208, mentions a Philadelphia imprint.

Professor Joshua Seixas. For several son of Gershom Mendez Seixas Is the author of these textbooks,

years now I have done considerable (17451816) by his second wife cited by the bibliographers as James research work in order to learn what Hanah Manuel, "Joshua, a learned Seixas, identical with the above-

I could about Professor Seixas beHebraist and textbook writer, and mentioned Joshua Seixas? This

cause of this personal interest. at one time a professor at Andover."would appear to be the case from

However, the Latterday Saints This presumably refers to Andadditional evidence gathered.

should feel a still greater interest in over Theological Seminary, MassaIn "The Story of Oberlin,"by this learned Hebraist. chusetts, since 1931 AndoverNew- Delavan L. Leonard, Boston, 1898,

The following entry appears in ton Theological School. A search p. 234, the following is quoted from

the Prophet Joseph Smith's journal through the Seminary's catalogue of "the pen of President Fairchild."

under date of Saturday, January 30, the period fails to reveal the name This is James H. Fairchild, Pres1836: of Seixas, but this, however, is not ident of Oberlin College, to whom

"Attended school, as usual, and conclusive. the Spaulding Manuscript was sent

waited upon several visitors, and Rosenbach, in his American Jewfrom Honolulu by Mr. L. L. Rice

showed them the record of Abraish Bibliography (Publications of after it had been lost for fifty years.

ham. Mr. Seixas, our Hebrew the American Jewish Historical SoThe original is still at Oberlin Colteacher, examined it with deep inciety, No. 30) lists two editions of lege.

terest, and pronounced it to be or- a Hebrew grammar (Nos. 368 and "One result from the discussion

iginal beyond all doubt. He is a 381 ) written by a James Seixas and upon classical study was to awaken

man of excellent understanding, and published at Andover, 1833, and, a temporary interest in the study of has a knowledge of many languages 1834, respectively. The imprint the Hebrew language which it was

which were spoken by the ancients, reads: "Andover, Printed by Flagg, proposed to substitute for a portion

and he is an honorable man, so far Gould and Newman."This printof the course. To meet this demand.

as I can judge yet."ing establishment was closely idenProf. J. Seixas, a Jew, was employed

Frequent reference has been made tified with the Seminary. (See S. the latter part of the year. He was

to this important comment made by

Mr. Seixas in regard to the original

record from which Joseph Smith translated the Book of Abraham in yvttcthe Pearl of Great Price; but not yC,

knowing anything more about this

Hebrew teacher, his background, who he was, or of his standing and reputation among other Hebrew OA> scholars of his day, we have not been able to place a correct estimate on the value of his statement about those ancient records which the Prophet translated. He is referred to

variously as "Professor,""Doctor,"and "Mr."Seixas. From Seixas'Heb. Grammar used by Orson Hyde in the Kirtland school

For the following information, litin the Hebrew classes taught by Seixas

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

an enthusiastic and successful teach- (Photographed from First Edition of Seixas'Hebrew Grammar) er, and stirred up such an interest that his classes numbered at one PREFACE.

time 127 pupils..."

And then a footnote:

"During the same months Professor Seixas gave instruction to the The following pages are intended for those only who have read or

Hudson students, and also to the may hereafter read Hebrew with the author. The lessons and rules,

Mormon elders in Kirtland, Ohio, though comparatively few and brief, are, I know, sufficient to givean in the third story of their temple easy and rapidinsight into the general formation of the language. Some

just completed."years'experience in teaching, and the favorable opinions of those whom I

"IXE shall see later that President have had the pleasure of teaching, convince me that with proper attention

Fairchild was mistaken in beto the following rules under my instruction, {or the instruction of any of lieving that these three courses were my pupils), any one desirous to become acquainted with this language at theconducted same time. may be enabled in a short time and with little trouble, to read with much for 1835 Catalogue The Oberlin

does not give Seixas'name on the pleasure and (satisfaction; and to use advantageously a larger work, on

faculty page, but on pp. 18 and 19 Hebrew Grammar.*

occur"Hebrew.—Spiritthe following twoof items:Hebrew severalAs triflingyears'aslaborthesein lessonscollectingmayandappeararrangingto many,them.theyFrom"have acostcarefulme

Bible; Gleig'sPoetry; of the History and frequent reading of the Bible with Professor Stuart's Heb. GrammarBiblical Antiquities; Seixas'Hebrew

edition) before me, I have obtained these what sheets contain. I have the {'2d Selections from andGrammar

Hebrew Bible. adopted some of the forms and technical expressions used by Prof. S., but

"In addition to the regular studies, not without advertising him of my intention. The Tabular View of the

the exercisesare usual of composiConjugations which accompanies this, has been out from made the Paration, disdeclamation, forensic and in digms edition the 4th of the abovenamed Grammar. These Paradigmsputation. to state are happy We the fullest best and that have come under observation. myalso that special attention very has are

been paid to the Hebrew language, Those who read this work will doubtless wonder at, or find fault with, under the able instruction of Prof. the singular arrangements of the rules; but although I do not follow tha

Seixas. twentyhundred and order One J. of philosophy, I yet follow, as it seems to me, the order of nature; his pupilsseven course have pursued or perhaps I should say, the order which I prefer for pupils. Bemy zeal sucwith animated and decided

sides, the several hundreds I have instructed, whom and some conversantcess."

The Oberlin General Catalogue, with Hebrew whom 1 have not instructed, have expressed their entire 18331908, Introduction, p. 172, approbation of the plan which I pursue.

lists teacher of Seixas as Joshua It Hehas been often asked, whether are my lessons calculated to impart 183536. the duringbrew years any good knowledge of Hebrew without, an instructer. answer to My articles the incorof Apparently

is, this that I am that not aware any individual has trial; made the colleges, orporation of these which and

iginally were theological in charcandour demands that I should state, that it is doubtful whether any one acter, forbade the names of a nonofficially Christian on the faculty, Grammar ever The best published in En jlish is that of Professor Stuart 'at Aiidovor, which has private arrangementand some was published gone through four editions.

probably made.

This is confirmed by a letter recan obtain any satisfactory knowledge from these pages without some ceived from Frederick C. Waite, one to explain them.

Professor of Histology and EmbryAs this Manual then is made for my pupils alone, I hope no one will ology, Western Reserve University, condemn it, without witnessing an application of its rules to those whom who is engaged upon a history of I may instruct. Indeed, I did not intend to affix to it a Title, Preface, or

University, Reserve and toWestern reality in to that not appear regular it might Index, be what it is not,—a inquiry regarding of an minewhom

to at; but the suggestion have consented add of them of many Grammar referred. Seixas been Joshua had

In the course of his letter Promy respected and dear friends; some of whom "desire to instruct those

fessor Waite states: "There is no of their acquaintance who may not have an opportunity of reading with

mention in our catalogue of Mr. the author."And, finally, I hope the time required in accomplishing this

Seixas or of his course. There is little work, has not been spent in vain. No other motive than that of benin his course mention of him or no efiting others the best promoting and of all studies—the study of the Bithe except faculty minutes the folit. ble, has to undertake induced me

lowing under the date of December J. SEIXAS.

30, 1835, showing that the course MAY, 1833.

was given with the consent of the faculty. "Voted that in consequence ftf 3. The tune reouired in a course of Hebrew instruction as given by

of Professor Seixas'Hebrew lecme, is six weeks, one lesson of about an hour being given each day.

tures continuing into vacation the next term begins Tuesday following * I have in Manuscript, Chaldce, Syriac and Arabic Manuals, which I hope the usual time/'to have printed when there is a sufficient demand for them.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

Professor Waite, however, has in following facts based mostly on "Western Reserve University his possession the contemporary memory: "Mr. Joseph L.Cleveland,Rubin O., Oct. 19, 1933.

journal and cash book of one of the "The date of Joshua's birth is not Library of Congress students, John Buss, who later becertain, but it was before 1803. He Division of Semitic Literature

came a leading business man of married Menrietta Raphael of RichWashington, D. C.

Hudson. This contains a number mond, Virginia. He taught at a "My dear Sir:

letter the to addressed inquiry of "Your in in theological Seixas's to seminary York, course referencesof New has Historical Society Reserve Western in the vicinity school there: entry at a theological for JanHebrew The I attention called to because been am my

uary 23, 1836, reads: of Boston (perhaps Andover). a member of that Society and am working

"I have studied half the day on They resided for some time in Charupon the history of Western Reserve University. instruction or that of lestown, Massachusetts,Hebrew. Our course

Reserve curriculum of Western "The in at today. ends this language That neighborhood. He also taught almost the at College Hudson in 30's was

is, Mr. Seixas's six weeks and more Oberlin, Ohio. As best I can reentirely Latin and Greek with a little mathhave come to an end. I am very well member he died in New York in the ematics. However, that student body resatisfied that he is a man of great HEBREW ALPHABET. sponded to additional instruction and from

learning."1 K (aulcpli) not sounded; if it have a vowel, sound the vowel. whotime togavetimecoursesthere camewhichtowerethe townapprovedteachersby

On January 19 in the cash book 2 2 baith VOWEJ.8. the college faculty and frequently given in

appears the entry: "Paid for He- 3 3 gee'mel Long. their buildings, but were not a part of the

> dauleth in I 4 1 of record courses curriculum. have in cause. mets au Kau six for tuition to Seixas Mr.brew in singing, writing, in pronunciation, ri and ha 5 "ale. a Tsa'ree $7.50."instructionweeks'Seixas subjects, 1 of other vauv the Mr. 6 and work

"bone. 1 o or lem—Kho relation, as that of clearly in zayin was Hebrew 7 T Professor Waite comments:

"1 "boo!. rck Shoo oo will presently appear. kheth ft 8 defilast entry very"This shows

"ee "V- in Preparatory meet. the entered In rck there Khee 1833 tait 9 B this course privatenitely a that was College Reserve of a stuSchool Western 1 yod Short. Finah 10

the students."for for thepaid daily journal next dent kept by a - who takli in 20 Pat leaf 3 a father. n to at entering years. 41 was purpose His Kirtland, Chrisof resident lau'med 30 "5 A v e Scghol met*

ministry, account but for the prepare on 13 of 40 maim the authortopher Crary, D T "G. short note. o mets Kau beso of health did stopped not and he do

3 noon 50 1 ReminisPersonal"Pioneer and "t< Kibboots full. his fore college and completed v course was

sau'mekh GO D 'u Seixas, to refers as followscences"ttort of business bit. leading Hudson a became i rck Khee man

gnayiii 70 V I of age. nearly years he 70 was will when immortal- "Kirtland 33: be p. CompoaUt Skevau. (compound) 80 pa S in since as a him was knew home boy my site in of history the the asized Morthese of dots(:), means two By C| S/a for reputation that town. also a had He called Sltevau, simple three comfirst of stake the and Temple tsauda 90mon 2 points integrity. are greatest the These Y posite Slicvaus are viz. made,

... TOO kofe'Smith. ofthe followers p Joseph reliability indicate the stated because they

-: hat. in Pattakh Shevau a raish 200 "J I jourhis to from quote of about finished they building what the amAfter was ""e met. Seghol a scax TS journal in entries his nal. In checking school, started (the a Mormons) * "not. o mets Kau sheen 300 I absoagainst found records have known

if I exclusbelieve, principally, not Shavau, sounded, is Notk. when Tery a I discrepancies. lute tauv 400 agreement and no D

as; t short otna, orp'na. 7. 'SB See lanively, teaching for the Hebrew the rely think, therefore, upon may we

* is ale, in Seghol like sounded a in not his journal. kept statements several procured guage. He mumThey X. it stands simple; syllable in as kaseph a (unmixed) When F|C;

I > 2. which journal cash only; book a but Before a the quiescents as mikiw, rt rt, a. K MJpn reve- 'J, Smith mies from by and Egypt

3. in is Before; guttural there implied (for a an as which Dagesh 1TISJ seentries chronological in have. The

(for gutturals letter B'-irtrj). the and l(with*am?3 The1 interpretation, lation or Bnn some found are: subject the exceptious) VRSJ),few quence on receive 4. Dagesh. do not See a

distinguished of be very them to contemporaries characters of t1 "forstandsKliauteplifor 500,Pattakh,B 600, fKhauteph700, E| 800,Seghol,y 900. etc.1000, a 3000, etc 67.6. icon"'Dec.$2. 4,Bible1835.$4.16.Paid forGrammarHebrew$1.31/Lexand

this is that statement (There Hebrew no either or Moses. Aaron, Joseph, Grammar Seixas'Hebrew not or grammar was by Seixas.) was pleasing not very wereThey teacher documents are Seixas, objects early seventies. the 1835. 5, '"Dec. Mr. No

skeletons look to today. language, of came Hebrew upon—dried far We as and extant, I know."so

.,. tar coal as as to at black They the some Chapel assembled make to Captain inquiry addressed An recitations."arrangements teacher, a aemployed Hebrew Jew Phillips, York, Taylor "New N. to- 8. 'Dec. Hebrew commenced respectingWe. of Saixas the wasby name (? ) He this: elicited Seixas. instruction the of Mr. under day

I ability of presume anda much man spellplace, in the first by commenced, course, of was, Seixas We "Joshua of excellent teacher Hebrew. twice recitedan Bible. ing in the Hebrew We in the Spanish and The well known talked yet I never today. any man saw who visit to wishing Rev. ConCoe, Mr. York, Synagogue, Portuguese New to as Mr. say so so and had much much several for necticut weeks, engaged

I president. present the of before.'life which in in recitation Seixas am my at to lecture the Seixas ConMr. follows every some almost day its "There chief for years many was He gregational every Sabbath church in the reference to which was work Hebrew in fact taught instructor and Hebrew

all of six through continued a days week stipulated his absence. during He Phillate Isaac father, the own my I into presume January. and December pray to that asked not should he be lips, he which portion the of the law reciin the things that the that done were

in the meeting, part take or any interest. special are There of tation not his Mitzvah, at of the Bar time read

I lectures. think his to except read in late then, vacation but holiday no was 1 of conpossessed 825. in was He

I January. eloquent and never heard more talent. foundmusical siderable He is entry: following the 23 January "On his in than language touching used that first of choir organized the ed 'I the half studied Hebrew. on day have in lectures and on Joseph Moses this in language instruction of course the of the beginning at Our Congregation."

.. Egypt. is, six Seixas'today. ends Mr. weeks That subsequently century. nineteenth He

I end. very to an and have more come am early interest various the at taken left by City and The York New is great satisfied of that well he a man

Mormon elders in acquiring a times located in different places in learning'knowledge of Hebrew is evinced rethis country.""On Jan. 19 in the cash book appears the

tuition to Mr. for entry: 'Paid Hebrew Catalogue, General peatedly in Joseph Smith's journal. The Oberlin

$7.50.'six instruction for Seixas weeks'Introduction, 172, lists 18331908, p. definitely that last entry very This shows

lUpss Blanche Moses, a grand- a Joshua Seixas as teacher of Hethis was a private course paid for by the daughter of Seixas, gives the brew during the years 183536. students. This young man, John Buss, was a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

freshman at that time. I find no reference dated, by J. Seixas to the Reverend Lyons. Hyde in Professor Seixas'classes in Kirtof Mr. Seixas's being appointed as instrucIt consists entirely on four folio pages of land.

tor or employed by the college. In the remarks on points in Hebrew grammar, 1834—He published the second edition

Oberlin Alumni Catalogue issued in 1908 syntax, etc., and is supposed to be correc- "Revised and enlarged."A copy of this

on p. (Introduction) 172, among the list tions of a former letter sent by Seixas on edition, used by Newel K. Whitney, in Kirtof officers of instruction appears Joshua the preceding Saturday. With it were nine land, is in the Brigham Young University

Seixas, teacher of Hebrew 183536. This octavo pages of various exercises of library.

would indicate that the Oberlin school Hebrew grammar by J. Seixas."1835, May 7—Mr. Seixas wrote a letter

paid rather Y., that Utica, Professor he thanemployed to him from Moses N. was professional Seixas Apparently a was

I students. the Stuart, of Massachusetts.by have Andover,

circles, alin of teacher Christian Hebrew letter. this quotation of Leonard's of a from "Your Story copy

a of though not he graduate Andover was

Fri.,Oberlin saying: the 'During 1835, Chandler H. July same months 3—Michael there;* did teach ever nor Seminary he Prof. four exhibit Kirtland instruction Seixas to Egyptian at arrived to the gave Hudbut personally Proacquainted he with was rolls of students, papyrus,son covered also the to and some mummies and Mormon fessor of Stuart whose Andover, Moses in figures inelders devices. hieroglyphic Kirtland third with the story They and of

stanlarge the long Hebrew was Grammar thetheir just of afterwards temple completed,'purchased were some by to appears this continent. dard used The on work

I translated to inexact. the Saints, sets think Prophet be and three theseme Joseph

the at possesses Seminary Andover among rolls. courses the inof of characters the coinnot sequence were some One on and

original of several Stuart, papers Moses

It is writingscidental. to of the contain that Abrafound evident since Seixas Mr. was

Stuart, recommunications Seixas to from in Pearl the daily recitations hearing subsequently published at ham,was Hudson lating latter's to the and Grammar Hebrew of sixfor the Price; writings another at weeks of Great he time could the not same

pointing omissions, Chresth, typoout in instruction giving at been Egypt. either Kirthave Joseph

errors, etc. these graphical longest of The I it island during the Seixas or Oberlin. 1835, believe probable autumn—Prof. note: the manuscripts begins following with first thisthat Ohio. he at Oberlin, the taught Kirtland, at course gave At Hebrew

7, "Utica, dear 1835. York, New May Mythen years to time twentyone then then came Snow, Lorenzo on and Hudson moved

I friend. the take apology, Without anto Oberlin."of College attending age, Oberlin and was

trifling liberty errors of pointing the out instruction in receiving private also Hebrew

I fifth in edidiscovered which have first your Professor Seixas taught No, Seixas. R. Prof. had from Eliza Snow

tion the with same Hebrew Grammarin father, Oberlin, in living the joined where then the Church and my was permitted that frankness kindness your had in Kirtland. Smith's household Josephlate President reLorenzo Snow, will to occasions. former on do me You her with correspondence constant Through privateceived instruction from him I recollect that referring give without them of in learned student brother she Oberlin

I to books. the admire much,during the any of work the 1835, then autumn able Prof. reputation his Seixas as an and

its particularly correctness the manner and hisProfessor at course gave later to Hebraist, Prothe Hudbe engaged by printing. of 1 to intended send copy you The in to Prophets. the of teach the phet Schoolson, here in the rode from and he

I I that received. the not hear have me Fri., Smith's 1835, Joseph Nov. 20—From to sleighProphet Smith's Joseph is to thorbe unfavorably Grammar and journal. "In President the Oliver evening

if in reviewed,Kirtland. oughly father York; so again Here New my bringreturned York, from I pity Cowdery New

will the for certainly Reviewer; betray hejoined Seixas'classes. Professor quantity with ing him books, a of Hebrew

ignorance. affectionate most With my benefit for the of presented the school. this He in his in will detailAll be covered regards for yourself family, beloved and Bible, Lexicon, with and a Hebrew me articles in series fuofa near the friend, sincere your "I am Grammar."

I for Seixas."ture prepared have which J. The

at "Fri., student a Buss, Dec. 4—JohnDeseret News. Ohio, Reserve College, Hudson, Western

Chronological Presentation bought a Hebrew Lexicon, Bible, and Gram- "There is no mention in our catalogue of Mr. Seixas or of his course. There is no of Information Concerning mar for use in Professor Seixas'Hebrew

mention of him or his course in the faculty Professor Joshua Seixas classes, to begin the following week.

following teacher the dateminutes except the the under Seixas, 5—Mr.

of 30, that 1835, (to showing today December Hudthe '"The following presentation in of "Sat.,HebrewDec.language, came

course was given with the consent of the chronological sequence of inforson from Oberlin ). We assembled at the

faculty. that in consequence 'Voted

lectures conSeixas'sProfessor Hebrew of mation concerning Professor Joshua spectingChapel torecitations.make someMr.arrangementsSeixas had justretinuing into vacation the next term begins Seixas indicates the amount of data completed his course of instruction at OberTuesday following the usual time.'that has been gathered. I attempt, lin where Lorenzo Snow was attending

"I shall be very glad to learn something in this way, simply to follow the college. Oberlin is about forty miles west

this six to as about man,more then he Seixas where came gave a Hudson. Mr. this of of and activities

birth, thefrom, place of he movements date beginning and course where weeks'Deat Hudson, I have learned gentleman, as far as 23."his education, careergot his before both ending 8 and cember January

and after this teaching at Hudson and place been able to learn the facts. He was Most of the following information is from

and date of death. the son of a Spanish Jew who first Joseph Smith's own journal:

truly yours, "Very 1836, and organ- "Mon., Jan. later lived in Cuba, Havana, and 4—Met Waite, F. C. ized school. Dr. engaged Hebrew Had to Virginia. Seixas Joshua Professor of Histology and came his to teach, Piexotto not did but keep he

Embryology, Western Rewas probably born either in Cuba or appointment, so Wm. E. Mc'Lellin and Orserve University."in Virginia. son Hyde were sent to Hudson Seminary to

is hire teacher."a about twenty- (Hudson 1 this before Seixas born was Historical Society "American Jewish 803—Joshua Kirtland.) eight miles of south letter date, recently received to according a City York New returned M'Lellin Jan. "Wed., City. his in from granddaughter York New 6—Elder 1933. 25, "Oct.

to school the reported from Hudson, and lived, in studied, taught and New He L."Mr. Rubin Joseph

to that the teach hired teacher us a he had City, Charlestown, at or near MasYork C. D.Washington,

is for that term seven of $320; weeks, sachusetts, another taught and Hebrew inst.: letter to ofReplying 24th your

for to forty that scholars amount, commence cient theological the languages seminary at this note "Dr. Pool two handed on me

is celefifteen highly in days. about He in at taught studied York, and AndNew his entitled paper, sheets,quarto which was scholar, proposes brated and as a Hebrew years over, for Massachusetts; many was at delivered Hebraist,'Seixas, him by'J. sufficient the to during us give knowledge in the instructor chief Spanish the Hebrew I of 1914. February, This meetingour am in start to reading term and us above in York Portuguese and Synagogue New that the enclosing, requestherewith with the translating language. City. it return as please as soon copy youyou

his edition of published the first the "Thurs., Jan. 9 a. m. I met 1833—He in Dr. to itit. Attached note is a 14—At

is, in class at the the schoolroom There Grammar, Pool's Manual Hebrew in Hebrew that is the he one buriedhand, (the remark in Trinity Church is not correct. The the Church Historian's library, the copy of Temple, and made some arrangements

Seixas buried in Trinity Churchyard is this grammar which was used by Orson about our anticipated teacher, Mr. Joshua

one Moise Mendez Seixas, died July 11, * Seixas'Grammar was published at Seixas, of Hudson, Ohio.

1817). Andover and Phillips says Seixas "was a "Sat., Jan. 23 (From Prof. Waite 's let- "Dr. Pool also handed me a letter, unprofessor at Andover."—L. C. S. ter)—'Prof. Seixas'course of Hebrew in70

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

struction ended at Western Reserve Colrest of the committee, to make some artionship with Professor Moses Stuart I am lege at Hudson'."rangements about paying Mr. Seixas for indebted to Professor R. Arnold Hitchcock,

From Joseph Smith's journal again: his instruction, and to engage him for anProfessor of Hebrew Language and Liter-

"Tues., Jan 26—Mr. Seixas arrived from other quarter. We did not arrive at anyature at Andover Theological Seminary.

Hudson, to teach the Hebrew language, and thing definite upon the point. However,

I attended upon the organizing of the class, Mr. Seixas has agreed to teach us three Judging from the slow progress

lectures afterfor longer, vacation having a of receiving the purpose upon weeks of f usually made by students of forexpiration of instruction the course, of at the His hours two weeks, grammar.Hebrew

are from ten to eleven, a. m.; and from two and perhaps a quarter. (A quarter was eign languages we might well wonto three p. m. His instruction pleased me evidently six weeks.) der at the rapid advancement made

much. I think he will be a help to the "Tues., Mar. 8—Attended school, and by the Elders in the School of the

translated chapter of the learning inclass most 22nd Hebrew."Prof. Seixas had of Prophets in the Kirtland Temple.

class dismissed, Genesis. Afterleft his at family was Hudson. my

"Sat., Jan. 30—Mr. Seixas examined the returned to the printing office, and transHowever, we should realize thatrecord of Abraham with deep interest, and lated ten verses of the 3rd of Exodus, which, these intelligent men were tremenpronounced it to> be original beyond doubt. with the first and second Psalms, are our dously serious and in earnest about

lesson. next understanding, of excellent a manHe is also that sought they and their work;

in the "Thurs., school of languages a has knowledgeand many Mar. 10—Attended Spirit the helped by of God in the were is morning. ancients, Afternoon the an honorread Hebrew hespoken and by

able man, so far as I can judge yet. office. At evening went down to* the Proand enjoyed the gifts of the Holy

"Mon., Feb. 1—Organized another class fessor's room, to be instructed by him in Ghost. As proof of this rapid prothirty lectures language. Seixas'of to receive Mr. on the On account of the storm gress I quote the following:

the class meet.the did not interview with another I had Hebrew.

Mr. Seixas, and related to him some of the Fri., Mar. 11—Met with the morning Orson Pratt wrote in his journal:

dealings of God with me, and gave him class at 9 o'clock. At ten went into the "After a course of about eight weeks

some of the evidence of the truth of the office and made a division of our class for in Hebrew I received a certificate studies, better private latter the of for our corlistened accommodawork days. He to testifying Seixas, Professor from

tion in the languagedially and did advancement and in proficiency the language, and we my pursuing. class met evening the are school This our at Feb. "Mon., not8—Attendedoppose.usual hour. At evening, visited Mr. Seixas, at Mr. Seixas'room and spent an hour in certifying to my capabilities to teach

in company with Presidents Rigdon and our studies. Class dismissed and retired, the same."

tarried the school committee, whoCowdery. He conversed freely; is an inexcept Five years later, in July, 1841,

with some arrangements Mr. and madeteresting man.

a had been Orson Hyde, who also us, continuing Seixas longer with about "Sat., Feb. reading the day 13—Spent classes Seixas'student in Professor this his bringing this place; family to I preparedHebrew. a horse At noon and and

sleigh for Professor Seixas to go to Hudhas been a very stormy day. in Kirtland, wrote from Germany to

to "Sat, Mar. a team go family."see hisson similar and a made 12:—Engaged He at Smith, from Nauvoo, Joseph

after Seixas'familytrip and Mr. Hudson 27. of to drive (This February a was

I at detained quote: which "Was also goods, for himself carriage a horse and twentyeight Kirtland.)about miles from

"Mon., Feb. 15—Commenced translating and wife. Cold weather and fine sleighing. Frankfort, Germany, five days, soHebrew language, under the instruction of "Mon., Mar. 14—Prof. Seixas returned I conceived the idea of learning the

family. from with HudsonProfessor Seixas, stated and he were the we scientifically. language

"Thurs., met German Mar. the evening classmost instructed forward he ever of any 24—Inhis eight days in Have been engaged printing at the with office andfor the my class length time. of same

"Fri., Feb. 19—I conversed with Mr. listened to a lecture by Professor Seixas, the task. Have read one book

Seixas on religion. He listened with attenupon the Hebrew language."through and part of another, and

Ition interested. and appeared the believe Tues., writes: Prophet Mar considerable. translated written and 29—The

is striving his withLord Holy him, by last school, the "Attended which was day I considerable, write speak can andSpirit, that eventually he will the embrace in of lectures our course of Hebrew, by

I astonishing protold and make am everlasting for is and covenant,new he a Seixas."Professor conThis course had

chosen vessel unto the Lord to do His peotinued since January 26. I have not been gress. The people will hardly beple good; but I forbear lest I get to proable to find when Mr. Seixas left Kirtland, lieve but that I have spoken German

phesying head. upon after but this time years he was for many this written before. have I might Feb. o'clock four "Mon., met Prothe chief instructor in the Spanish Hebrew 22—Athis

if could have you letter in Germanfessor the Seixas school and committee in Portuguese at and Synagogue York New the printing office, to make some arrangeCity, where he died in the early 70's, acread it."

for thements the of several advancement to his cording of a statement granddaughter. Certainly Professor Joshua Seixas

classes. In a favorable of very review intelligent a fine, gentleman and Seixas'was

little in the Christian grammar fine Examiner "Sat., sleighing. Feb. and 27—Cold his of Hebraists of the foremost one ff. vol. of xv, Professor 1833, 65 by pp. I prepared sleigh for horse and Mr, my

Seixas to ride to Hudson and visit his Andrew P. Peabody, Seixas is spoken of as day. His statement to Joseph Smith

family, to return Monday next. Attended "a gentleman of Jewish parentage."But regarding the genuineness of the

left as to his defection little doubt is office, printing class atwith the both my to original record from which the ProChristianity, following the by Hebrew in the forenoon afternoon, lectured and and and translated Hebrew. verses on the outside of one of his notes phet translated the Book of Abra-

"Thurs., Mar. 3—Attended to my studies to Moses Stuart. ham is important, coming from this

in the school. misunderHebrew Some scholar. Hebrew true is his law, noted "Moses and was truestanding Prof. took place Seixas between

his servant of the evidences that This is one And Joshua was scholars, of the respecting theand some sale of Bibles. His feelings were much May Jesus guard them in the future world."Joseph Smith sought to use every

hurt, apparently. He made some remarks For these facts concerning Seixas'relarighteous means in the performance

concerning it to each class. At noon he of his great mission. In addition

called the school on to his spiritual guidance, divine help feelings depressed. much committee,We gavewith himhis It (wasMr. aboutSeixas thiswas atimeverythateloquentElder speaker.Sidney

all the satifaction we could in righteousRigdon, who also was an eloquent speaker and keen mind his devoted applicaness, and his feelings were measurably alwhen humble and under the influence of the tion as a student, with the best hulayed. Spirit of the Lord, had an embarrassing man aid, contributed to his mastery

"Mon., Mar. met in with my experience. a large congregation It was 7—At evening of the ancient languages. class at Prof. Seixas'translated room and of Professor and in the presence Seixas and

the 17th chapter of Genesis. After the some other learned visitors at Kirtland, with After his translation of the Book

class, I was requested to tarry, with the selfconfidence and pride in his heart, that of Mormon, he translated the Book

Elder Rigdon attempted to display his great of Abraham and revised much of the

Smith It (Joseph been studying had eloquence. that is said started "he Hebrew so Bible. Much of this he did before for held regular classes some time, had subject and that not get far above his could he

had done considerable translating before down to it,"and he sat down in dismal the Hebrew classes were organized this time.) failure.) in the School of the Prophets.

MOVING halflight the usual swift nodding of the crossheads was missing.

They too, were motionless—silent.

Eighteen hours before, a crack MOUNTAINS had developed in the engine's highpressure cylinderhead and a piston

By WALTER L BAILEY connectingrod.had been wrenchedAnd fromthrougha hugethe

eighteen long hours the two youthful assistants, a veteran engineer,

Did you ever have to abandon ship with nowhere to go but on an and six negroes had toiled and laice-berg? Bob and Dan did and they had plenty of trouble as they bored unceasingly with the huge

rode their "moving mountains."All of the boys and many of the girls engine.

among our readers wilt enjoy sharing hardships with these two But a thirtyhour job could not friend, old Spike. hearty Mother, youths and their and too, may Dad

this seas. north with be accomplished in eighteen, despite in the upon Begin voyage find entertainment

this installment and you'll be there at the end. Happy voyage. the skill of the veteran engineer, the

speed of his two youthful assistants, and the willingness of the six negroes.

Bob Hamond, oldest of the two J-R.ragedy stalked in the scant halfmile of open sea remainyouths, was lusty and vigorous. Hispath of theTfreighter Banaza. ed. Another halfmile of helpless swift movements about the disabled

Beepbeep-beep! B-e-e-p! B-e- drifting and then—destruction, comengine revealed great athletic

e-p! B-e-e-p! Beepbeep-beep! plete and final. The hull of the strength and activity. And even

The SOS sprang again and freighter would be crushed between through the coat of black grease again from the key under the flying, the moving mountains of ice like and grime which completely covered nervous fingers of the ship's wireless a berrycrate. his face, there shone that thing

operator. Out over the trackless Deep down in the Banaza's enwhich cannot be hidden—character.

Arctic the message went, above icegine-room unknowing hands worked By his side, and no less speedy bergs, carrying the story of the swiftly at the huge, disabled mainand skillful at his chosen trade,

Banaza's plight. engine. The great connecting rods, worked Dan Bolin. Dan was of

Between the drifting freighter and bigjointed, like skeleton limbs, were slimmer build than his pal, but he a school of gigantic icebergs only a motionless and silent. In the deep possessed all the mental character72

hold out at this strenuous work much ILLUSTRATED BY longer without sleep. FIELDING K. SMITH

Quiet but stern orders fell on their ears. Old Spike Ambry, the engineer, was speaking:

"You men, get that extra piston and connectingrod over there by "Come on; let's get out of here.

the hatchladder and bring it back You two stick with me,"yelled old here to the engine. You two boys Spike suddenly, darting for the ladmight give them a lift; it's a heavy der.

piece of iron."With pounding hearts, the two

Bob and Dan obeyed. The great boys followed the old seaman up

iron rod came up under sixteen the ladder and out on the already bending knees, and was moved deserted deck.

slowly backward toward the engine. Bob and Dan stopped short in

Then a voice bellowed suddenly, wideeyed, speechless amazement.

down through the open hatch far Directly in the ship's path, and only above. a couple of hundred yards distant,

"Abandoning ship! Come on! was a gigantic mountain of ice. FolIcebergs! Icebergs directly ahead lowing close behind and at each

and close up!"side of it, were three others. They

were so close together that occasionanother into one ally they bumped rush the neJn a single noise. grinding a grating, with the connectingrod groes dropped

and made for the ladder, piling over each other toward the deck above. Pis the nearest berg's

Bob shook as he saw the huge appalling, icy grandeur grew slowly connectingrod bowl Dan over, and upon the senses of the youths, old struggle as he would with its Spike was busy taking in the situweight, he could not keep the teration. For fully a minute Bob and

rible weight from pinning his pal's Dan stood speechless, almost fearlegs. Bob heard Old Spike's voice less, before the overwhelming specbellowing after the negroes to stop, tacle.

looming berg nearest was The but they were gone—vanishing solid of floating mountain a The nearest berg was looming the through above like so close, hatchway

solid tall close, mountain floating a spire of Its glistening ice. was as shadows. many tall Its ice. spire as glistening was steeple. Enortallest church the as for help. let out a cry Bob The steeple. tallest Enorchurch as the

its contour, irregular of and mous his contour, instant irregular old at its next Spike and was of mous rough sides glinted and glistened side struggling with the giant rod. rough sides glinted and glistened

dazzlingly. Dan's legs were pinned but not dazzlingly. It had no more symcrushed; the enlarged piston had metry of outline than a huge mass

istics of his friend. The two boys, saved them. oftain.rockThereblastedwerefromhugea stoneicy shelves,mounhaving finished school, had taken The engineroom became sudflat places, icy peaks as sharp as

their first jobs as assistant engineers denly as quiet as a tomb as the two needles, with icy valleys between.

silent weight. the bent under freighter thetogether The aboard Banaza handicertainly God's own This was

first ship; drifting the the It of their dysudden before. wasa week built a have could not work. Man all all ing of noises the above, decktrip out. fearso yet beautiful so thing and

left utterly of sound, the place void at enthe huge working those Of this. ful as

faroff of save for the faint, whine in the ship none ofgine the bottom voice broke in on the Old Spike's burstdeck-radio. Slowly, with destruction close had the howknew boys; awestruck

ing muscles, end one the two swung freighter.crept doomed up on the lifethe last took blacks "The of the high connectingrod enough on, only that knowing workedThey to stay have boys! boat, We'll

that able to drag his was Dan into so drifting steadilythe ship was until she strikes!"aboard

it. legs under from icebergs region,a where dangerous exclaimed Dan. aboard?""Stay

were liable to appear at any moThe heavy rod thudded to the "We'll go down like the Titanic."

ment. They worked with feverish floor as they let go of it. Then Bob added, fear written all over his

haste, lest some of these mountains utter silence again. The slight face.

of ice should loom in their drifting noise of a rat darting along behind "Maybe not,"returned old Spike.

path before the engine was finished. some old boxes in a corner sounded "We're just drifting into a berg.

The faint screeching of a shortwave loud. The Titanic ran full speed into one.

deckradio high above, prevented Dan, struggling to his feet, listenThe only safe place around here is their hearing the mad, plaintive ed for a split second with the others. aboard that iceberg—with plenty of

whine of the wireless key, or they Absolute silence reigned. Stark provisions, guns, and clothing. The

might have guessed that trouble was fear shone in the eyes of both youths. Bonaza will never drift through that

near at hand. But they did not leap for the ladder procession of bergs and stay on top.

Bob paused, planced at Dan with as the negroes had done. Old Spike She'd be crushed between them.

red, workweary eyes. Dan, glancAmbry had not leaped for it. He They're too close together. She

ing back, understood. Young was their boss. They gazed at him might be pushed along before them

though they were, they could not steadily, waiting. {Continued on page 99)

with the business and mechanical departments; and Marba Cannon

Josephson, associate editor, who succeeded the late Elsie Talmage

Brandley. This staff will develop

and expand the editorial policy announced during the recent M. I. A.

conferences. Steady efforts will be

made to make the Era more than ever the official organ of the Priesthood quorums, the Mutual Improvement Associations, and the Department of Education—in short to make

it the "voice of the Church."

The new managing editor, Richard L. Evans, comes to his new position with a rich background of efficient Church service and wide experience in business, education,

and editorial fields. His father,

John Alldridge Evans, was active in the printing and publishing business and served as business manager of the Deseret News for several years. His mother, Florence

Neslen Evans, is a sister of C. Clarence Neslen, former Mayor of Salt

Lake City, who for many years past has been bishop of the 20th Ward in Salt Lake City. When Richard

was ten weeks old his father died as a result of an accident, leaving the rearing of nine children to the widowed mother. This she has done

with great credit and honor. From

his youth Richard was made familiar with the realities of life, and learned early, through diligent and intelligent service, how to earn his own way through life.

The educational career of Richard

L. Evans gives evidence of a deep

love of learning, the possession of a mind of unusual clearness, and the ability to mingle with others and to render them service. He attended

the public schools of Salt Lake City,RICHARD L EVANS the Latterday Saint University and the of University was Utah. HeMANAGING EDITOR always student. a leading the In

schools times he was several given special for recognition highTheChurchFirsthasPresidencyannounced ofthe apthe returnsversity toto becomethe BrighamdirectorYoungof theUniEx- publicscholarship.

pointment of Elder Richard L. tension Division and to continue his

Evans to succeed Elder Harrison R. services as head of the Division of Tn the Latterday Saint University

Merrill as managing editor of The Journalism. Professor Merrill will he engaged extensively in student

Improvement Era. The growth of remain a member of the contributing activities, became prominent in

the Era, requiring the full time of its staff of the Era and a member of the school clubs and social organizamanaging editor, has made this General Board of the Y. M. M. I. A. tions, was a member of the state high

change necessary. Brother Evans The present editorial staff of The school championship debating team,

has already assumed his new duties Improvement Era will include as for which he was awarded a Uniand is preparing the March issue, editor President Heber J. Grant, versity of Utah scholarship, was a

the first under his supervision. He who has probably done more than member next year of the district

will devote his entire time to the Era any other individual to bring the Era high school championship debating with the exception of his assignment to its present enviable position; John team, was editor of the school paper,

as Director of Public Events and A. Widtsoe of the Council of the the Gold and Blue, and upon graduSpecial Features at Radio Station Twelve, who will serve as joint ation was given the Heber J. Grant

KSL. editor with President Grant; Richaward for distinguished service to

Elder Harrison R. Merrill, who ard L. Evans, who as managing the school. At the University of

has served as managing editor since editor will be the executive officer of Utah he was manager of the freshthe death of Elder Hugh J. Cannon, the editorial staff and associated man debating team and became a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936 BY tinuity and Production Departments to by the young people of the

Stringham A. Stevens of KSL and has been closely assoChurch.

ciated with Earl J. Glade, general The new managing editor of the

manager, in both business and proEra is married and has one son, member of Pi Kappa Alpha fragram activities. Richard L., Jr. His wife, formerly

ternity. Alice Ruth Thornley of Kaysville,

His university studies were inter- "pLDER Evans has written, proUtah, is proving to be a wise counrupted for three years by a call to duced and announced the coastselor and true helpmate.

fill a mission in Great Britain, but tocoast network program from the When the General Board of the upon his return he continued his Salt Lake Tabernacle, for nearly six Y. M. M. I. A. was reorganized last

academic work and received his A. years. He has also handled many April Brother Evans became a mem-

B. degree, with a major in English, major and local assignments, includber and was assigned to the Adult

in 1931, and his M. A. degree in ing the introduction of two PresiCommittee.

1932, with a major in Economics. dents of the United States during Elder Evans is a devoted and acBoth diplomas were awarded with nationwide broadcasts from Salt tive Latterday Saint, who through

honors. His education has been seLake City. By special arrangement earnest study and faithful practice

cured entirely through his own efhe will continue with the Tabernacle has become familiar with the prinforts, since he has financed himself broadcast and other special features. ciples of the Gospel. His life has

by engaging, with much success, in Early in 1934 he was singled out been characterized by determined a wide variety of business activities. for special mention by a nationally efforts to prepare himself thoroughly

In the Mission field Brother distributed Bryan Davis radio pubfor service to his Church and state

Evans secured a broad and valuable lication of New York City, which in public and private capacities. To

experience and rendered outstanding magazine designated him for its accomplish this purpose, since he service to the Church. After having 1933 announcer's award as one of had no financial support or indeserved six months in the Norwich the best radio announcers of the pendent means, he has worked at

district he was called to the mission United States. He has received numerous occupations, and these exoffice at Liverpool by Dr. James E. tens of thousands of appreciative periences have given him a most

Talmage, then president of the Euletters from every state and from valuable practical acquaintanceship ropean Mission, and was made assoforeign countries for his handling with life.

ciate editor of the Millennial Star. of the oldest uninterrupted nationBy temperament and training,'

When Dr. Widtsoe succeeded Dr. wide communityproduced program Richard L. Evans is well fitted for

Talmage as president of the Euin the history of American radio his new work with the Era. He

ropean Mission in 1927 Elder Evans the Mormon tabernacle choir prowill give to it his full strength. All

was continued as associate editor gram. who learn to Know him soon learn

of the Millennial Star. His articles During the forepart of 1934, to love and respect him. The readand editorials are evidences of the Brother Evans, under the direction ers of the Era will find him an inhigh quality of his editorial labors of the Church radio committee, telligent, sympathetic fellow worker.

in Great Britain. wrote and delivered a series of We welcome him to the large Era

In 1928 he was appointed secretwenty-three Gospel discourses family.

presented from the Tabwhich weretary of the Mission, European and

Square, the Crossroads "Temple during ernacle the regular Sunday all in that capacity the he visited Emanates the West,"Whence of missions in Europe, in company with evening radio service, which talks the Mormon Tabernacle Choir

Dr. Widtsoe, including eleven counwere warmly and widely responded Program

tries extending from the Arctic

Circle to the Mediterranean. During a threemonth visit of President

Talmage to the Holy Land, and during numerous extended continental trips which took Dr. Widtsoe away

from England, Elder Evans was in sole charge of the editing and publishing of the Star, and of other activities centering around the mission office.

During his service in the mission office, he began the compilation of a history of the British Mission of which more than 1 00 pages were published in the Millennial Star.

Upon returning home and while continuing his studies at the University of Utah, Elder Evans became associated with Radio Station KSL as staff announcer. His rise with

the KSL organization was rapid, advancing step by step until he became production manager, supervisor of announcers and director of publicity. He organized the ConWHEN THE WATERS

OF THE NILE FLOWED INTO PALESTINE

By W. S. RIGBY

tant roles in the present campaign.

On the plains of Esdraelon, Gideon

IMC tC.5(AiTn-> and his 300 warriors overpowered

the much more powerful force of the

Midianites (Judges, Chap. 7) and

Lebanon Cedars at Tiberius, Salome danced for the head of John the Baptist. (Matt.

14:8.) fierce afternoon British the prophto the courageous and Ally Arabian is an old At ArsufThere efforts. in their successive the LionRichard struggle between the troops says, ecy which "When

waters of the Nile flow into This subject could be considered Hearted and Saladin was waged.

Palestine, will Jerusalem be retaken from many angles but the scope of Napoleon, for the first time in his from the Turks by a Prophet of this article will be to point out some career was baffled and withdrew

God."On January 1, 1842, Orson of the political and religious effects from Acre. The town of Damascus

Hyde, an Apostle of Jesus Christ, and in general the operations of the needs little mention as it is well fixed in a communication to the Twelve main campaigns without going too in everyone's mind that here is one wrote the following: "It was by deeply into detail of those operations of the world's greatest trading

political power and influence that from a militaristic standpoint. centers noted for steels and cloths.

the Jewish nation was broken down, The historical and geographical The Sinaitic peninsula has aptly and dispersed abroad; and I will features of the lands in which these been called the most desolate spot

here hazard the opinion: that by campaigns were executed are worthy in all the civilized world, and may

political power and influence, they of attention, since they include the be divided into three sections. The

will be gathered and built up, and, countries of Sinai, Palestine, and northern section along the coast is further, that England is destined, in Syria. It was here in the valleys of composed of sand dunes varying in

the wisdom and economy of Heaven the Nile and the Euphrates Rivers width of from five to fifteen miles.

to stretch forth the arm of political that our present civilization was The central portion is a high, bleak, power, and advance in the front cradled. The road connecting these and rocky plateau. The southern

ranks of this glorious enterprize."two great valleys passes through part is composed of high rugged hills

It is remarkable to see how both of every conceivable type of climate some of which are 10.000 feet high.

these prophecies were fulfilled by and formation, through fertile val- A brackish water, unfit for human the British army, who under the leys and deserts, over rugged mounconsumption, can be obtained along leadership of General Allenby drove tains and into country a thousand the coast but elsewhere water is exthe Turks from Jerusalem, only feet below sea level, and has proptremely scarce. The summers are

however after the waters from the erly been called by the Arabs the unbearably hot and the winters cold

Nile flowed into Palestine. In order Royal road. with frequent sand storms. The

to appreciate the fulness of the fulAlmost every city or place in the British, therefore, considered this filment of the Arabian prophecy, land recalls some great event or country a sufficient barrier and hence

Allenby transliterated into Arabic leader. Gath and Gaza were cities a protection against any possible inis the equivalent of Allah en Nebi of the Philistines, and it was in the vasion from Palestine against the

which means "the prophet of God."City of Gaza that Samson removed Suez Canal.

There are many who believe that the pillars from the temple. BeerPalestine is a small country exthe British operations in Palestine sheba, a town on the western slope tending about onehundred and fifty

during the World War were merely of the Judean Hills, was where miles north from Beersheba and a side show to the main effort on the Father Abraham sank the wells of from the Mediterranean east apWestern Front. This, however, is the covenant. (Gen. 21:30. ) The proximately seventyfive miles. In

not a fact and the TurkoGerman wells of Beersheba, possibly some this extremely small country, howforces there offered real resistance of the original ones, played imporever, can be found a most variable

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936 terrain. On the east the mountains close the Suez Canal to them she staged an attack to frighten again

of Moab slope down from their elewould greatly strengthen her stratethe British and thus prevent such vation of 3,000 to 5,000 feet to the gic position as this would greatly troop transfers. He was successful

valley of the Jordan, some 1,200 feet increase the line of communication in capturing some of the outposts below sea level, only to rise again between England and India. but was not able to hold them, or to

to the Judean Hills which are some The TurkoGerman forces were prevent the British from the pro- 2,500 to 3,500 feet above sea level. under the leadership of the Turkish posed troop movements. The much

The plains of Philistia, Sharon, and Minister of Marine, Djemal Pasha reduced E. E. F. made a well planEsdraelon lie on the western slopes and a Bavarian colonel, Kress von ned counterattack at Romani which

of the Judean Hills. Kressenstein. Most of the credit of was the turning point in the operaall the future movements and victions in Sinai.

Cyria as used here extends from tories of the force were due to the In early autumn, 1916, the French

Allepo to Galilee and from the brilliant planning of the latter. were victorious over the Germans at

Mediterranean to the desert and is As has previously been stated the Verdun and the British had been similar in its topography to PalBritish considered the Sinai peninable to hold their own at Somme.

estine but is much more fertile, being sula sufficient protection against inHowever, by December the exwatered by many rivers and small vasion from Palestine due to its pected break in the German line streams. topography. However, Kress ordid not materialize and, thereThere are no good harbors of ganized an army of 20,000 men at fore, the E. E. F. was called upon

any consequence in the entire area Beersheba in mid January and to resume its purely defensive (Sinai, Palestine, or Syria) and the marched across the desert and atpolicy. On December 7th Lloyd

railroads and roads at the beginning tacked the canal. George succeeded Mr. Asquith as

of the campaign were abominable. The attack was not a surprise to Prime Minister and he insisted on

The Turks had a railroad, however, the British, since they had observed a more aggressive policy in Palfrom Allepo to Afule but there were the movements of the troops by airestine.

three different gauges used in this plane. It showed, however, that it General Murray from his headshort section of line. (Afule is lowas possible for an army to cross quarters at Cairo directed the excated just south of Nazareth. ) Rollthis impassable country and the oft tending of the standard gage railing stock on these lines was limited heard flaunt of, "Are the British road eastward across the Sinai desin number and was always of parprotecting the Canal or the Canal ert. This was closely followed by

ticular dubious character. It was, protecting the British?"became a a 12 inch pipe line carrying the

therefore, commonplace for a period reality. The E. E. F. were successwaters from the Nile across the desof six weeks to elapse before things ful in withstanding and overthrowert toward Palestine. At El Arish

from Constantinople reached the ing the attack and the Turks re- (Continued on page 100) terminus of the line. treated to Beersheba after having

The Anatolian Turk, who formed tied up ship traffic in the canal for the backbone of the TurkoGerman a day.

forces was a fine soldier, rough and In the late part of 1915 Majorready, and always possessing great General Maxwell was replaced by fortitude to carry on against great LieutenantGeneral Archibald Murodds even though he was poorly ray. General Murray's plan was to

clothed and undernourished. At erect strongholds some twentyfive

the end of 1914 MajorGen eral Sir miles east of the canal. In order to

John Maxwell was given command do this it was necessary to construct of the British Egyptian Expedition- a railroad from the Canal eastward ary Forces and the position taken across the desert to carry the conby the E. E. F. was on the West struction materials. Work was proside of the Suez Canal. gressing well, but early in the spring

Germany by allying Turkey had of 1916 many of the E. E. F. were

denied the Allies the use of the to be recalled to France. The everDardenelles and if she could now enterprising Kress, to prevent this,

inA LESSON HAY By FRANK C. ROBERTSON

Lafe Patterson found the attitude of his friends becoming as cold ashappened—andthe icerimmedproceededFebruaryto dodays—hesomethingfinallyaboutdiscoveredit. what had

*r.

... Lafe saddled up and

code four miles to the settlement of Morton to get the ranch mail. Mtgssjs*?8

?<WC CttMEV *?

first of February, creeks had petered out in the middle Old Henry had been weather- T,he J seventy more days to feed, and a of July. The meadows along the wise. He had studied the changing

hay famine upon the land! Two Portneuf had begun to turn yellow seasons of his valley as another man

feet of crusted snow imprisoned the while the grass lacked half its normight study books. He knew that,

wild range cattle on the hardpacked mal growth. But to top it all the occasionally, hard winters were sure

feeding grounds, while the bundled heavy snow had fallen three weeks to come. He knew that, less often,

up ranch hands ladled out smaller earlier than usual. dry summers would occur. And

and even smaller loads from the Lafe now recalled a picture of his when they happened in continuity diminishing stacks. There hadn't father, old Henry Patterson, walk- "It'll never ketch me asleep,"he

been even a January thaw, and a ing about in those hot, dry summer had said inelegantly. "It costs

lowhung silvery sun gave out no days with his hands behind his back somethin'to carry over five hundred warmth in its short swing from in characteristic pose, chuckling tons of hay every year, but it's horizon to horizon. grimly to himself. Lafe hadn't been blamed good insurance."

Only the Pattersons had enough able to understand it then. The And that had always been his

hay. Bar P had been hit by drouth as motto. Each spring found ten or a

Why the others hadn't foreseen badly as anybody. Lafe himself dozen molassescolored haystacks

the coming calamity Lafe Patterson had come in off the range and workleft over on the Bar P ranch. These

couldn't understand. As long ago ed like a beaver cutting hay in were the first to be fed out the next

as last summer there had been inswamps where in any other years winter.

dications of a shortage. The short a mower would have sunk. That previous winter old Henry

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

had warned the neighboring ranchfeet clad in heavy woolen socks, ers of an impending water shortage. chuckling as he gazed out upon his.lLvery day, right after

"Sure there's lot of snow,"he well filled stackyards. He seldom dinner, young Lafe saddled up and

would say, "but no wind. It's all moved abroad. When he rode a rode four miles to the settlement of

to mail. the get ranch Morton Thefallin'in piled like up horse inanimate a vast, he was low—none in postoffice store, Hall's the was hills.the as An'it's straw side. lolling side to bag from He dry—drybein'for gathering place accepted the gallon a of to moisture the his in sawmill, career a had begun—not

entire of the community. Ormenacre."fingers. acquisitive but possessed he

They had paid scant attention. He had soon owned the mill; then a dinarily Lafe loafed there with his

He was always a pessimist, always ranch. He had quickly learned that neighbors for a couple of hours bepreaching calamity. the small farmers surrounding him fore returning to finish the day's

But this winter Henry Patterson were always needing ready cash. feeding. But always he rode the

little brick to short distance the their half their He bought calves—at the schoolhouse, knocked upon and let into them growhad sat by his window, his shoeless value—and It tickled that door. him Myra a Finally become he money. had

face turned Howell's a little always cattleman, not but a cowman. To it was. red she saw The when who to sense the one be the latter had

romance of growing grass, fattening plump, blonde little "schoolmam"cattle, and the open range. would always come out into the little

vestibule and close the door swiftly

His son, however, had been reared behind her. There would be an

in the saddle. From the time he instant hulaballoo on the other side

was sixteen Lafe had been the cattle of the door.

boss of the Bar P. His father had "Please, teacher, can I come in?"

never interfered with the way he he would always ask.

did the work, and young Lafe, in "May I come in,"Myra would turn, let the old man handle the businvariably correct sternly. "No; you

iness end as he saw fit. may not come in. I'm not going to

Until now, or at least until the last have all my children turning around three weeks, the arrangement had in their seats to stare at a great hulk worked out well. like you. And you make me nerElkins handed the lines to the

hired man and picked up a rifle from the bottom of the rack

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936 vous sitting back there grinning like older. He was white with anger. one cent o'tribute. An'I'd sooner

won't,"he hissed. associate with a yaller dog thana—like a Cheshire cat.""An'you

"Aw, teacher, I'll be good.""You've got plenty of hay. Oh, with anybody named Patterson."

"You'll not be good. I let you yes. And the more of our cattle dies The next moment Dave Elkins

sit there once from noon until recess, the more range you'll be able to was spinning upon the top of Hall's and I'll not try the experiment again. grab next summer."counter where a backhanded sweep

And don't call me 'teacher'.""I don't know what you mean, of Lafe's hand had landed him.

"All right, teacher,"humbly. Chauncey,"Lafe protested. Chauncey Stone set himself, and

Then, to her great confusion he "Ride around an'take a look at lashed out with a fist which caught would pick her off her feet. our cows, you hay hog, an'you'll Lafe in the mouth. The blow

I mean,"Stone snarled. brought blood to the rancher's lips, "Oh, you—let me down. The know what

children will hear."Lafe recoiled a step before the but didn't slow him. Before Stone

"All right. Go on back an'teach other's menacing fists. Stone was could strike again Lafe had him

the young how to shoot. But a notoriously hotheaded man. by the collar. With a jerk Lafe

remember it's your last chance. "Am I to blame for your cows brought the other man up close to

You're marrying me next June."being poor?"he demanded. him, and he struck twice with his

"I am not,"Myra would protest. free hand; blows which traveled less

Both knew that she would. than a foot. But each time ChaunBut lately young Lafe seemed to Frank C. Robertson is well known cey Stone's head shot back till it

have encountered a frozen atto the readers of The Improveseemed his neck must snap.

his stories the of through Era ment store take at the to blows enough were Those everywhere;mosphere

published has the magazine fight out of the man, but Lafe schoolhouse. any Myraeven at the sketch his which biographical had whichand

missed going to a Friday night dance appeared in the July, 1935, number of pivoted, and with a swing sent Stone with him. His regular Sunday the magazine. Mr. Robertson is crashing against the counter. It was

all EngAmerica over and five could get up. before he minutesnight calls had been anything but known

rapidfire his Western land for offsatisfactory. on: get it your chests,""Come this In stories. on tale he touches

Lafe wasn't blind. Each day a subject that will be interesting Lafe cried furiously. "Every time

that he rode up on the low bench especially to boys and men of the I've come in here lately you've acted from which Morton dominated the cattle lands. Many growers of livelike I had smallpox or something.

valley he could see those fast duringstock canwhichstill hayremembersoared hardto unheardyears Any more of you want to declare dwindling haystacks. More than of prices. Not long ago a pioneer of yourselves?"

that, on a frosty morning he could Cache Valley told me a story of real "I do,"Dave Elkins said thickly.

hear the plaintive bellowing of his life which in some respects was a "I don't want you or your hog of a neighbors'cattle. They were counterpartPaul Clowes,of thistheone.wellknown Salt dad to ever speak to me or come onto

hungry. The Bar P stuff didn't Lake artist, who has recently done my place. If you do I'll shoot you

bawl, even though during that the jacketcovers for a number of on sight."

twenty below zero weather each Western stories published in the "You can go,"Lafe chokillustra- furnished the East, and who furnto strode an animated outanimal and was like He turned a ed. for about book an entire fuel. tions blind fury. his horse; trembling and more more withace demanding story. this illustrated horse,

Overflowing with good fellowAs he swung into the saddle a thirship, Lafe had been slow to note teen year old lad came out on the that recently there was always that store steps and yelled: "Hay hog!

embarrassing pause when he entered Hay hog! Hay hog!"

the store which denotes a too vio- J Jave Elkins shouldered aside. an Stone was Chauncey He topic. But to anotherlent it. change of ijo Lack was that biggest the older man, cowman and Elkins like and Dave menwhen into foresight got a mess them had cattle in ran country. the more He walking to took StoneChauncey starvation, cattle their faced where Patterson, did and than even Henry aphe whenever him from theiraway spite out taking they were and

despite temperament he was an even it could no longer be igproached his father him because had been his on plunger. always had a Henored. for to prepare longheaded enough

Something was bound to happen. range crowded to capacity, and he this eventuality for years.

It was a worthless fellow by the seldom had a ton of hay left over His horse automatically turned in sufin seldom he the dragged Jones who of Wattname front the of the schoolhouse, and said he was at fered a spring—yetloss. Men as a the open out intothe thing the half out of Lafe had swung

mongrel dog might drag the head lucky. saddle before he remembered that

Patblame, not be to may "You calf onto a neighbor'sof dead a bleeding. his mouth cut and was He

fattenin'not terson, you're but above step.front door to condition in no see Myra was older the misfortune,"our man on then. just suddenly standin'he woncattle But your how're "Well, confar I'm as coldly. "So charged

if recent coldness her had insinuated. dered fellow thethe winter?"than rather I'd broke go cerned this I'll to busiwith hay anything bet."do starvin', o'them"None crawlin'bones out marrow wear my tosee ness. he her would Well, fifteen twenty men or were There old to man."your morrow. became store.in Every man the to crawl, you asked "Who's the past bunkhouse strode he As for answer. an waitedrigid as he asked. Lafe Dave?"hailed him. the of punchers one "I slowly, answered Lafe good,"wouldn't any do "Crawlin'"No,"school today, no there wasn't "Hey, dyin'."of in. 'emain't noticed any hog put Stone "The Chauncey

like Lafe?"just us. I'm to break strode wants Stone Chauncey Suddenly

"Why?"he demanded curtly. the hide take I'd sooner Dave. about you, wasangrily up to Lafe. He

Lare's build, and a couple of years off every critter I own than pay him (Continued on page 119)

VALENTINES HAPPY SAINT VALENTINE'S DAY WARDRUMS

By Carmen Malone By Lula Greene Richards By John Sherman Walker

Some valentines are finely dressed Saint Valentine's Day—glad season for droning throb and a muffled beat In ribbon bows and rare old lace; lovers. A Of the wardrums

But some are plain and homely things When the young hero his own heart disBefore the fight;

With only words upon their face; covers, The stealthy tread of moccasined feet

But who can tell the richness of So utterly vanquished and tenderly laden As the foe comes

The thought behind the greeting sign By charms of a lovely, adorable maiden, On through the night;

Of each bare Spartansimple card, He scarcely can wait for the postman to A strong bow's twang and an arrow's whine

Of each resplendent valentine? carry As it passes

And who can question others'gifts His proffer and bring her acceptance—to From out the dark;

lost soul's cry as a body sinks AJust so are yours—just so are mine! marry.

grasses the He writes: To

The greeting card without true thought The archer's mark;

Is like a sweet without a taste, Dearest of maidens: Do, please understand, A warning flash and the answering crack

But when behind a few short words When I offer you truly my heart and my Of a long gun

There is an act of kindness, haste hand. Revenges death;

Must needs be made to tie the donor I love you and want you, oh, grant me this The curdling call of the gray wolf pack

To our heartstrings while we may. boon, On the lust run

Oh God of lips, and hands, and minds, Be my Valentine now and my wife very With slavering breath.

Oh God of hearts and souls, I pray, soon! The warrior's chant and the squaw's low

Help me crown humble service king Let our life works in virtue all goodness wail

In giving valentines today. combine. In the tepees

Be my helpmate, my Darling, beloved ValAs dawn o'ertakes;

entine. A paleface wife hears a last death rale

WESTERN SAGE Faithfully yours,——. 'Mid her weeping,

As gray morn breaks.

By Cristel Hastings She answers. Dear:

It would really be folly to seek to disguise hills stand columns in uneven"pURPLE That your Valentine brought me a joyful DESERT DAMASK* flarin'surprise. skylines, the western Along

wide There is not time to write—Take me out By Olive Marie Belnap

The winds that spring from Godknows- for a walk where keep callin'To have a Saint Valentine's sensible talk. Gleaming dune heads rise

I see again a trail I used to ride We will not risk the auto, such things have In silver relief from the shadows.

their bans; Rich, ethereal moonlight

A trail that winds around a world o'sageTake our grandparents'ways for Saint Filters between yucca blades brush Valentine's plans. To throw strange, fantastic patterns

Seems the wind is full of it tonight! Your own forever,. On the windfrayed hem of the desert.

o'sort purple,Blue darkenin'into shadows heave, mighty sand mounds The bright! the evenin'neverAn'was star more sift, shift, seethe, and Treacherously and INDIAN SPEAKS AN other. following, Eternally swallowing each

the o'slopesO, sagebrush western on Lucile Pingree By heaven, light, springs up, breeze quick A

I'm achin'for a homesick sight o'you am an Indian. Flinging glinting sand grains

tinsel to their towns me an'allWhat matter is spiral swirls plains In delicate spent open on I My life an'the evenin'star I can haveWhile lip squirrels, the lighted the of a dune bison the Over and you? Among

And all the animals that live Into the shadowed lap of another.

I want to cinch the saddle on my broncho The happy, carefree, natural life

An'ride the moonlit ranges with a song That God saw fit to us to give. Subtle moonlight and sand

rare together damask, a wrought HaveSo, this grant can God, if You me I'm I an am in its vastness vibrant holds Indian. That ( happy,

soulstrengthening I power. gettin'an Indian, there long!An'take won't am A potent, very me

I glory in this sunlit world, I love the plains; I love the hills;

NOCTURNE I love the animals that exist CASPER all. love them earth—I

creatures, most blestBy L. Mitchell Thornton I am By Helen McMahan UponOf all theGod's

TLXovUD by a tranquil sublimated beauty, I am an Indian. little black dog with a wistful eye*'* The shadows on the maples come and A Stood in the gutter as I went by;

go And he wagged his tail in a friendly way,

Like fairy shuttles, weaving silver moonBut I told myself that I would not stay beams To pet a puppy, who chanced to see

More lovely than the dawn, or sunset's A gullible passerby in me.

glow.

I walked a block, but I couldn't find

An undefined disquietude enthralls me A single thing I could keep in mind

A mad seductive tumult of the heart, Except the look in a wistful eye

A strange unrest—a vibrant nameless longAnd a tail that wagged, as I hastened by;

ing And all the things I had counted great

That seems from all of earth a thing apart. I found could, every one of them, wait

The myrtle and the rose exhale their fraThe air was damp, and the sky was grey, grance. Hard to be friendless on such a day;

Far in the copse a wooing night bird sings, So I turned at the corner, just to see

And through the gossamer mist of gleaming If a small black puppy had followed me, silver And there he was in the chill and fog

My soul floats out to you on music's wings. And that's how Casper became my dog.

WHERE IS THE WHITE BROTHER OF THE on the mesas of the PaintHOPI INDIAN

Highed Desert of Northeastern Arizona almost inaccessible civilization the onrush of advancing to By CHIEF DAN KOTCHONGVA toward the western frontier has Interpreted by HARRY NASEWYTEWA dwelt, for generations, a tribe of

Indians called the Hopi. Their place

of abode was known to the early

Spanish invaders as the province of this generations For doctrine was Tusayan the and termed journey is article ILTere an believe which to father from handed son we down of death, so inconquerable this did will * * interest be to readers, our of the Hopis. generations among For desert waste to the appear conquisespecially to those are interested who the faithful to Hopis the remained in tadors the in Indians their of and connection Coronado. terrors The

of the treacherous Colorado River with the Book of Mormon. perpetuation of this trust by living

lives article This their in to as this humble examples received was the and seeming endless depth of the manner: a year ago Harry Nasewychildren that they might be found of chasms the surrounding mountewa, a Indian jeweler, Hopi was to worthy of withstand dethe day tains in at working and canyons Salt a shop City. proved Lake a strongstruction their brother white when there While learned the he of Morhold to the Hopis, aiding in them

ills the cure the of people would world. mon and saw ImproveThe their seclusion the from outside Era, the ment in published one March for watchful the Ever the Hopi was world. conquerors The of the three West years featuring ago Indians. the in of sign a the sky. road left this desert read to region the lizards, the with magazine interest He

is peaceful, a indusHopi The and sent to his chief, wordcoyotes, Dan Indians and the as only ones trious person, congenial honest Kotchongva, and Hotevilla, that of he able to its survive parched wastes of had a found people interin were who his dealings with athospitable a drifting sand. ested in the Indians and a magazine titude lives strangers. towards He in which the story Hopi might the But loves Hopi every inch of life be a the regarding communal welpublished. The Chief immediately the desert. His choice of this hidefare of the as group paramount, and to came Salt City. Lake

in theaway for desert his home, Harry Nasewytewa, interests his Chief as KotchIn but secondary.

his fromcame desire to live ongva, another and tribesman a humwhose life social jovial, his happy, he is and is English ble, life, name Ralph, righteous met a without the confew playful, athletic, skillful. Social and people including President Levi Edtaminating interference other from festivals of songs, dances, games, gar Young, Dr. Milton Marshall,people seeking selfish gain and livMrs. Elizabeth athletic contests, sister. Moffitt races her and have and

ing. Marguerite Jackson, stenographers, been developed by his genial

in me, the office Improveof The his is desert Hopi To the is God's and nature. quick to catch the He ment there the related and Era Chiefcountry, the holy land of his beloved the into witty enters playful and and his story, interpretthe doing Harry

Mausauu, whom he found at this ing. social fun with as much zeal as he

place. With his devotions and The story, however, was not ready is devout in his religion. He has

publication. stenographers for Theprayers the Indian has consecrated resourceful in his subduing of

transcribed to been it and handed a copyevery nook of corner and the desert. took this land Harry it back Nasewytewa who

of his in reverence of this spirit who to Arizona with him. He kept it for For generations he has made the

itdwelt finally there among year working a over them and taught and sufficient desert yield for his needs.

presented the it to magazine pubforthem they live should how to gain its food, he found has From weeds lication.peace this joy and earth, upon medicines, howdyes, beverages; and from is earan Chief Kotchongva Dan

to keep to humble and keep its wickedrocks has he nest, implements religious formed his leader seeking white ness from among them. It was deliverer and the deliverer of his peoand built houses; from its grasses he

ple. him, heard Those though whoMausauu to rewho charged them has woven baskets. is an Hopi The

his they could not understand faithfulmain through whatever words, agriculturist, of employing a system religious with impressed his were came, though persecutions might fall feeling. Last summer he sent an inirrigation handed down from his

upon them and though they might vitation to Salt Lake City to all those forefathers, with which he conserves even suffer death. His charge to who would care to witness the July sufficient moisture from the exthe of Hopis Dance to come faith,them was to keep the not limited rainfall tremely to annual Hotevilla. to Hometo request His one wassuffer violence to be caused them, raise by crops. his various Building that interfere not should they with

not to strike back when another the religious ceremony in any way. home on the rocky mesas, he culstrikes, nor use war weapons in any He suggested that there would be no tivates the sandy lowlands resisting

Indians Hopi for the at Hotetoldway. them to look ever charge, He his entire aggravations of having in never villa have comthe any way

tillforward their white brother his necessitating buried in sand crop their mercialized ceremonies.

would return. Then would their ills having to dig it out over the entire

be cured, if they remained faithful. area of his field. This may occur

He would have power to bring about of the return of their white brother several times a season.

the destruction of the wicked and would be when a road was made In spite of these difficulties, usher in an era of peace. The sign in the sky. coupled with a scarcity of rainfall,

the Hopi raises crops of corn of belief of others and is liberal in his mon people to tell his story. Among

various colors, squash, melons, thoughts toward other people. He the Hopi people the Mormons have

beans, peaches, and many other prodesires only to be allowed to retain been regarded as people who have ducts. He accredits the success of without restraint his staunch belief always treated the Indians fairly.

his crop to the recognition of his in the doctrines of his religion, given Their friendship with the Mormons prayers and sacred devotions to his to him by the Forefathers. has extended over a long period of

religion. The Hopi considers rain The Hopi has been faithful and time. It was 1858, eleven years

his greatest blessing. Showers of watched long for the prophetic sign after the Mormons came to Utah,

rain, fill the hearts of these Indians of the return of his White Brother. that Jacob Hamblin was sent on a

with thanksgiving to their God for Eagerly yet patiently have his eyes Mission to the Hopi Indians. Presthe answer to their supplications, for been cast across the sky to see a ident Brigham Young was highly imtheir greatest desire, their humble road established there that would pressed with the sterling characterdevotions have been accepted. mark the time of the Day of Retribuistics of these people and sent misThe Hopi Indian reveals in his tion and the Dawn of the Reign of sionaries for many years among

handicrafts an artistic and skillful Peace, preparatory for the return of them, who braved hardships unnature, showing a higher degree of Mausauu to be his ruler. known to anyone except the fronintelligence than displayed by cruder Lo—the time is now! The sign tiersmen of those early days in crossartisans of other tribes. His blankets has come! The airplane has indeed ing over such treacherous country.

are of a fine weave, often with a difmade a road in the sky. It courses Jacob Hamblin many times tried

ferent design on each side. His its way over welldefined routes, to persuade the Hopis to move up

silver and turquoise jewelry displays and beacon lights glisten all along into the land of the Mormons where a dainty, artistic touch assuring the the way lighting the highway in the they would have better chances to

Hopi the place of the best silversky from ocean to ocean over raise crops, but the Hopi refused, smiths among the Indians. The Mausuu's land, in whose custody and told him that the time would

pottery and basketry show the arthe Hopi was given until the White come when the Mormons would tistic nature of the Hopi. Brother returned. move into their country. This did

It is time that the Hopi become happen, for the Mormons establish- 'T'he Hopi's face is turned always diligent in his search for Him. It is ed a village about two miles from

toward the spiritual. He desires with this deep conviction that Chief the Hopi village of Moencopie

peace and humility above other Dan Kotchongva, who presides which was called Tuba—a ward

things the world has to offer. He over the staunch defenders of their of Snowflake Stake. The Morenjoys the achievement of his own religion, the people of the village of mons were neighbors of the Hopis

efforts gained through honest toil Hotevilla has come forth from his until 1902, when the government and desires to be known as a selfvillage to give his message to the enlarged the reservation and bought supporting Indian. He is anxious world in hopes that his White them out.

to live in harmony with the rest of Brother will hasten to help his peoThe Hopis and the Mormons have the world but wants the right to ple. His message is also a warnalways extended a spirit of goodworship his God in his own way ing to the wicked to live better lives will toward each other. It is with

and to express himself as an indithat they may escape the day of this goodwill of fellowship that vidual in the kind of customs he destruction, before the time has Chief Kotchongva has come to Salt likes, religious or otherwise. He passed which is very short. Chief Lake City to tell his story in his

welcomes better and easier methods Kotchongva has suffered long and search for his White Brother. This

of doing things which he might adapt much for his stalwart defense of his is his story:

to his way of living as long as they convictions as have also the people

Chief Kotchongva's Storydo not interfere with his sacred emoof the Village of Hotevilla, which tions. He wishes, however, to have was founded in defense of their re- T AM here from Hotevilla Village

the freedom of his own choice of ligious liberty. today among you people to say a

what is best for him. He is open to It is with confidence that Chief few words. I am here looking for

conviction and tolerant toward the Kotchongva has come to the Morsomeone that will help me through

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936 my sufferings and if you are the that was the main idea of getting of the Gulf of Mexico, and probably people who are going to listen to away from the place where they around by California. As he was

me, then I will tell you my story, were. Somehow one of these twogoing along, he was told that he was

I have tried to tell this same thing to hearted deceivers came with them, going to be a white man and become other white people before but I have unseen by anyone. He was dis- a wonderful man and could perform

always been stopped because I have covered by the chief almost as soon any kind of great things he might been trying to tell of my own peoas they got here. The people, being wish. With this power, he made

pie, the Hopis, and of their tradivery disappointed, decided to throw a horse to help carry his burdens, tions, and no white man has ever this young boy back to the world He had a lot of provisions to carry tried to listen to it to the end from below, but hesitated as they listened along. The rest of the people had

me. to his pleadings to be allowed to some things to carry too, but since

The ruins we see all over the stay. Finally winning them over, this brother had to go in a hurry,

country, do they mean anything to he was allowed to stay upon the he needed a horse to help him along, you white people? Somehow we got earth, with the understanding that The younger brother, leader of the

onto this earth and there must be he must shift for himself, and would people, knew where this brother was something to the meaning of these not be taken among them or cared going. The rest of the people

ruins. So I ask you again, do these for by anyone, hoping that he could thought only of their quest to find

ruins mean anything to you? nt survive. Allowing him to rethe Man who owned the earth.

Since this story cannot be told in main proved to be their first mistake, Everybody was in a big rush to one day, I will be able only to bring as this brought Evil and Death into get to tnis person. They were all

out the main points today. the world. rushing to see who could get to His

You are all looking at me, the kind Their leader had always taught place first, where the Bird Messenof skin I have, as a poor looking them not to be greedy or to seek gers had found Him. This is the

Indian, and you wonder where I after gaining large amounts of food way they started off. They divided

originated. I know the history of in a selfish way, but to be satisfied into small groups or clans under

my own people, where they came in humble living. One night this the leadership of the person who

from and how they got here. leader left his people unseen, seekwas the head of one of their sacred

There was a lot of wickedness in9 the owner of the earth. He ceremonial dances, and went out in

down below this earth somewhere, was rewarded by finding the place different directions. According to

where my people used to live and and the man of his search. The their beliefs, they were able to resome of their wise leaders anxiously man > extending him a hearty welceive the blessings of raising their

looked ahead for the people. These come, placed all kinds of nice things crops for food through their devopeople with their wise leaders have to eat before him, things that he did tion to their sacred dances, which

been told way far back, for hunnot have very often. As everything they brought with them to this earth

dreds of years that there was anlooked so good to him, without from the world before, other earth to come to, which was thinking he went ahead and ate up Some of these people were moving this earth we are now on. They everything that was put before him. aIong from p lace to place with but

knew someone was on this earth as He then went back to his people. one thought in mind, that of living

they heard his footsteps above them, After he got back he felt the stomworthily enough to find this Man, and realized that only through a achache was coming upon him. He ancj did not think much of their hismarvelous performance would they had made a mistake by grabbing at tory or f trying to gain wealth,

be able to find some way of penefirst sight. For this reason it has They went along slowly, not greedtrating through from the world beever since been a Hopi's belief, that fly but humbly, building their homes,

low. any sweet or fresh food will always raising crops, making their clothing,

The chief of these wise leaders 9ive ( one a stomachache. The and filling their other needs. They

had cultivated the friendship of chief's two sons scolded their father were always looking forward to findvarious kinds of birds. He made over wnat he had done. jng the Man at the center of this

the birds as messengers to the man The leader feeling that his part world. Therefore, they would

who was already here to gain his was played, resigned his leadership abandon their homes and move permission to come to the earth, in favor of his two sons, but they again a little farther, always lookThe man on the earth told the Bird waited until the old chief was dead ing forward to finding the Man.

Messenger to take back the message before becoming the leaders. After They were anxious at all times to

that he had nothing here that was his death, the younger son said, "All live peaceably and humbly, to be very good; his life was hard; he was right, it is up to us to carry on."sincere in their prayers and sacred

very poor and that they would not dances, and faithful always to the like to live high of their as teachings do. their prophets he beliefs to had to and it is the The ***A ccordingleaders acceptof the that people said they might be they to son's place carry the priests, on what

wanted to come anyway. They father has begun. The younger able to the Man, who owned the

wanted to live here just as he had brother told the older brother to go earth.

living,been as they were told to in a hurry; willing to ahead and him peotrack see of these the Welive under any circumstances hard rises, that the sun to where go up all in r]ght the ruins ple over now

to get away from the wicked twohe must not stop there very long, the country. These faithful peohearted have to his who get there touch He must called are Hopis. moved They people—people, foreple onetwo hearts, one for good and back, then to the for head and come Sun a over place to place slowly from

evil. otherwise he would be so late he long period of time until they

When these leaders found a way would hold a lot of things back. came to the place which is called

to come, they desired not to bring This older brother went along the Moencopie. All the clans which

any wicked people to this earth, as edges of the ocean, along the edges (Continued on page 116)

A NEW DAY DAWNS FOR THE INDIANS

HPhe Lord through his prophets promised that:

1. These children of Lehi [and others whom the Lord should bring to be numbered with them) should have this land

of America for their inheritance and it was consecrated unto them forever.

2. He would bring other Gentile nations to this land of promise, and by them should Lehi's children be hated and

scattered and smitten, and driven from the lands of their possessions, and there should be great bloodshed among them.

3. Yet the Lord's promise was that he would not suffer the Gentiles to utterly destroy from the land the Lamanites and

the mixture of the seed of Nephi among them, but in the end they should be blessed.

4. He would soften the hearts of the Gentiles that they should be like fathers unto this afflicted people.

5. In the latter days, many generations after the Messiah should dwell upon the earth, the fulness of the Gospel should

come unto the Gentiles, and from them unto the remnant of Lehi's seed. These believing Gentiles should bring them a book

containing the record of their fathers.

6. Through the prophet Nephi the glorious promise was made: "And at that day shall the remnant of our seed know

that they are of the house of Israel, and that they are the covenant people of the Lord: and then shall they know and come to

the knowledge of their forefathers, and also to the knowledge of the gospel of their Redeemer, which was ministered unto their fathers by him; wherefore they shall come to the knowledge of their Redeemer, and the very points of his doctrine,

that they may know how to come unto him and be saved.

"And then at that day, will they not rejoice and give praise unto their everlasting God, their rock and their salvation?...

Yea, will they not come unto the true fold of God?...

"Yea, they shall be remembered again among the house of Israel: they shall be grafted in, being a natural branch of

the olive tree, into the true olive tree."(I Nephi 15:1316)

7. "And then shall they rejoice, for they shall know that it is a blessing unto them from the hand of God; and their

scales of darkness shall begin to fall from their eyes; and many generations shall not pass away among them, save they shall

be a white and delightsome people."(2 Nephi 30:5-6)—From a speech by Archibald F. Bennett.

J. Galbreath, author of the Bureau Department of the United United States

J * accompanying letter, is well States, John Collier, wherein he Department of the Interior known to readers of this magazine states in behalf of the American Office of Indian Affairs and to thousands of people in the people how sorry they are for the Washington

Church who have met him and past mistreatment and abuse of Mountain Chief, have heard him bear testimony to the Red Race, and how the Amer- c/o Superintendent, the truthfulness of the Book of ican people are ready to assist the Blackfeet Agency.

Mormon. One such testimony Lamanites today. This acknowlMy dear Mountain Chief:

was printed in this magazine in edgment I feel should be pubTn the course of your long life as

March, 1 934. Mr. Galbreath has lished so that the world might see Chief of the Blackfeet you have

also taken part in pageants prethat the fulfilment and prophecies seen your people in their glory;

sented by the Genealogical Soof the Book of Mormon are true. you have seen them go down into

ciety of Utah. His mother was a Your friend and brother, the valley of hunger, death, and

despair; now when the sun ofBlackfeet Indian—he says there J. J. Galbreath,

are no Blackfoot Indians. His A Member of the Blackyour life is setting in the west, you

Indian name is Keepi-pokayo, feet Nation and of the are seeing your people come out meaning One Hundred Bears. L. D. S. Church. of the valley, out of the shadows

The significance of Commissioner into the sunshine of a better life

Collier's letter to Mr. Galbreath again. You are living to see the

may be seen from the paragraph day when the American people taken from his letter of March, are sorry for what they have done 1934: "The Book of Mormon to the Blackfeet and to all the

leaves nothing out and has taught other members of the red race.

me to realize the importance of Now the American people are my Lamanite parents and my felready to help your people. Below tribesmen. I know the Book cause the American people are

of Mormon has loosened the now ready to help you, the Govbonds of the poor and lowly Inernment and the Commissioner of dian. Too much cannot be said Indian Affairs are able to come

in its favor."to the assistance of the Indians.

It is the American people and Browning, Mont., their President that deserve your

Nov. 23rd, 1935. gratitude.

Dear Editor: I am always glad to hear from

T am taking the liberty of mailyou. I hope I shall continue to

ing you a photo of a bust of hear from you for a long time, and the only living Lamanite uncle I that whenever you write me, you have. He is in his nineties, and will have good news to tell about

is the only living hereditary the progress the Blackfeet are

Blackfeet Chief today. I am making.

sending also a letter to this LaSincerely yours, manite Chief, which is from the J. M. Collier,

highest official in the Indian Bust of Mountain Chief Commissioner.

THE CASTING 4i$0.

OF LOTS IN THE DESERT

Based on the Diary reporting Travels of Fra Francisco

Atanasio Dominguez and Fra Silvestre Velez de Escalante, to discover a route from the Presidio of Santa Fe, New Mexico, to Monterey, California in 1776.

"This blizzard's like a threat r*\TH—From the great Russian Bear that's creeping down

Out of the north."Dominguez did not answer.

"You know, of course,"the captain went on grimly, "That the Czar's men are pushing down the coast

Prologue And occupying land that should be ours?"

who love Utah, and are proud Dominguez nodded, staring at the ground. YouTo know her sons are wandering

Through many countries, radiantbrowed "Threats prick me into anger,"sneered the captain.

With happy zeal to share the thing "They only cow Franciscans, though, it seems, lift their skirts and scurry home."They value most of all—to you I bring And make them

The soldiers guffawed. Then as the old padre

A tale that will not make your pride Levelled sad eyes at them, and Escalante

And love burn lower... Scourged them with furious looks, they dropped their

Long ago, eyes, Leading the first white men this side Ashamed.

Green River, came a gray and slow

Old padre; old but keen to see men's woe. "I told you why we're turning south,"

Dominguez said. "The winter has come early;

This was no hero, not a leering The passes will be choked with snow. Our food

Adventurer wolfeyed for gold, Is gone. We cannot go to Monterey."

Furs, and red women; but one fearing

So strangely that fear made him bold "You loitered in the filthy villages

To brave all terrors that unknowns can hold. Of the Fisheaters overlong,"accused

The Captain. "You became infatuated

With that great peak and lake and crescent vale.

There you forgot the aim our Viceroy had

Padre Dominguez shivered in the wind In hurrying us forth to Monterey."

That clawed a hundred leagues of barren hills

With nails of ice. He wriggled in the saddle, "My aim is the salvation of these natives."

stiffened his to Trying ease and warm a limbs. "You prize the souls of these—these soulless beasts itself trotted forward. bestirred and His mule

Above the glory of your king and country?"

Behind his wrinkled leader, Escalante "We ten poor wayfarers can scarcely mar

Came spurring with Cisneros, the alcalde. Or make the fortunes of an empire."

They overtook the captain and the six

Disgruntled soldiers. When they came abreast, Then

The captain spoke. The captain spat. "Is duty naught to you?

By CARLTON CULMSEE

"My only duty is the glory of God.

The good of souls,"Dominguez said. "I pledged

The Timpanois that we would soon return

To bring them light of God, to baptize them,

And teach them fully how to live like men.

God warns me—if we press on westward now,

Somewhere in this vast barren we shall die,

Starving upon the desert, or borne down

By crushing avalanche in some white canyon.

Then would the Timpanois believe that we

Beguiled them to secure their food and guides."

The captain shook his beard obdurately.

"This fear of death is womanish, I swear

By all the saints!"he shouted. "So I cry

Turn sunsetward and strike for Monterey.

There's fame and good rewards for those who blaze the trail that binds the east and west together!"

The soldiers raised a cheer that flushed a hare

Out of a snowy covert.

The padre sighed.

"Listen my comrades, this cannot go on,

This daily building of this wall of hate. Enslavement in the fetid swamps of minds

Halt and dismount, and gather round me here. Where not a spark of the eternal star

Had fallen and lived. Then with clenched hands,

"We have been talking, Father Escalante and eyes

And I, and we have struck upon a plan; That did not blink, he watched the lotcasting....

We will cast lots to learn the will of God, He drew a full, sweet breath and blew it forth:

One for Cosnina, one for Monterey."It was God's will that they should travel south!

Joy flared in Captain Miera's face. He cried,

"And you will travel west if so it comes?"Epilogue

Painfully back to Santa Fe "We will obey the will of God. Will you?"He led them, and did not return.

War flames were darting far away, "Cheerfully!"roared the captain. "Cast the lots!"

Fardarting flames that came to burn

The soldiers all pushed forward eagerly, His hopes, and leave his heart a stolid urn.

Aglitter in this new dawn of their hopes.

"Peace!"cried Dominguez. "We must first imBut the first white man on our soil

plore Was large of spirit, a fit soul

His kind forbearance."And they paused abashed. To strike a spark to goodly oil;

Another name upon the scroll They said the third part of the rosary That pledges Utah to the higher goal.

And heard the padres utter fervently

The Penitential Psalms and other prayers. Sharp prints of boots along old paths

And good Dominguez breathed a private plea That had known nothing but the spoor

To save his toilers from the hungry ranges, Of beasts, and men like beasts...

For there were simplehearted savages High wraths,

About the quiet lake of Timpanogos High aims and yearnings where before

Waiting for him to make his promise good, Wild hates and hungers gnawed at the soul's

And come again to free them from their long core.

A SILVER GIRDLE

By CLAIRE W. NOALL

"Squint and Jimmie ought'a be showin'up 'fore milkin. I don't

like you to be comin'back alone."

old woman! Who's "Slim—you boss around here when Dad's

away! Here, help get these skillets

in the carryall. I'll throw you the

stuff, you stow it away."

The packing was for a man and his wife who were going in to fish the Grandaddy basin, a phenomenon no more strange than some others seen at Reynolds that season.

It was already noon, a little late for starting, but by making the best time possible, Eileen felt sure she could get her party well located and bring the horses back by dark. Her

father had not returned from the

Reservation where he had gone to find Ming Low. Squint and Jim

had taken a group of men over to the Daynes Lakes which are tucked away under the North rim, and Eileen was ready to start for the

She looked across the field again. qualities are impressed on her, especially Granddaddies on the south trail. A

In utter amazement, she saw a man in contrast to the behavior of her onetime ride through the forest looked inshe had in with sweetheart, suit a [lying bur whom a helmet and Wayne, finitely inviting to her than more family in York. in friendly The the with been rowing ground a sharp New care of to take is remaining the at camp the and camp, with splendidly getting instrument. along gloves. wore He He case stock in Squint and Jimmie ranch the enthusiastic about feeling frantically. digging more was

all the time, when Tom receives a sumdidn't arrive in time. No, Slim

mons to court to show why the deed should stay, and she would go, she set aside on canceled and should be not the firmly resolved. deit and executed that ground had been CONCLUSION livered with the intent to defraud. Tom "Put the rifle in,"she called, "I

find stray Chinaman, sheep, find myself."might a sets to Low, a Ming out lost his Synopsis: Reynolds having Tom ReservaIndian the Uinta trader on a and shot. Eileen a was good theirfortune, takes his family from New he consternation, his to tion. But much in bortent, to a ranch dude to UtahYork the she over home Running trading his from absent finds Ming Lowdering the had Mountains, Uinta he which for her supper, packed a sandwich all person the for dead perhaps post, and just his to Eileen, daughter,deeded before

it so has field been of glass strap post knows, the the the of buckled in charge title ishis financial threatened crash. The the Chinaman. from heard he since has long case over shoulder, her took and intent of defraud. accusation toby an To is the family managing the meantime the In its fact establish thesave the ranch, must her hook. lumberjack from down Tom can. they best the guide camp faith. inthat the In deed made good was that Reassuring her she mother

their to ranch,addition the life on the would be back by dark, and that establish familyReynolds a summer camp at the end of the motor road at Mirror there was absolutely nothing to

Lake in the Uintas to supply pack trains worry about, she kissed her and and guide fishermen into the interior of the Slim, you stay hurried over to the horses.

getshigh Eileen Uintas. caught in a ter- "No.I can bring four "Got everything you need?"she is climbingrific storm she alone on with Mom. when

Mt. Agassiz. She slips and sprains her horses back as easy as pie. That's asked her fishermen. "Lard, butter,

ankle just as night is closing in. She is no trick."flour for those trout you're going to

rescued by Brent Baring, forest ranger, "But Miss Eileen—.'* catch? There's no grocery store

before, she but met hadwhom towards "It's all right, Slim. I won't leave round the corner from Grandfeelings her decidedly have beenwhom

mixed. It is a question of whether she likes Mother alone in camp. You stay daddy."

him or likes him not. Gradually his fine I go. Hear?""How many million will two

ILLUSTRATED BY FIELDING K. SMITH

pounds of butter fry?"queried the

wife. "How many million do you think

I can catch?"answered her spouse.

"Come on! I'm going for the scenery, too."

"Alley oo hoo, then,"said Eileen.

"We're off."She whistled to

Chance to follow; and away they her lips as she dipped down the its side to circle more slowly down.

went to the tinkling of the horses'tilting free expresthat Eileen see could was the makit was trail—it

bells. far heart. sion of her, ing spot side her jubilant of for a to one To

"Well! Fancy seeing you at the peace, the joy, and the beauty the trail. "How terrible! SomeRainbow!"she said to Brent with of this mountain glen were a source one must be lost! A forced landinnocent, callowan elation. rare tone as he of there ing!"she exclaimed. Besides—wascrossed her trail at the Lake. not the a girdle of silver lakes on

"Well! If it isn't my little Loregrassy floor below? And Rainbow NAAthout thought o f

lei,"he answered with a touch of clasp girdle? of the it not the herself to in leaving the danger—was

raillery.smiling traveled her hour she For an untrail, tied she the four horses and

"I'm no siren,"she denied, "Just interrupted way. Chance ran in and plunged into the woods on Nitana.

an ordinary matterof-fact fisherout of the long grass, weaving an Eileen knew somebody might be in man's guide."Nevertheless, her intricate pattern on the shadows of dire need. Chance followed, sensnext remark denied the denial. "I'll the towering pines. The horses ing adventure. Doglike, he knew

thisbe couple of hours back in a way stopped brook. at a to drink running his mistress was leaving the beaten

so..or her smiled over. Bye,"she now, the Ranger was Not far away, path.

shoulder. Station. The horses'bells were The plane was down; Eileen

She led her party along the trail, silent for a moment. Only the couldn't be sure just where. From

past the most glamorous country, faint murmur of the breeze in the the roar of its motors and the closelakes with miniature wooded islands, top of the pines was audible. Sudness of her view before it sank into

densely forested shores, and neverdenly the muffled throb of a pulsing the pines, she knew it wasn't far ending green. motor intruded on the quietude. away. She gauged the direction,

Strangely familiar was the sound, but there was no beeline forward.

It was past midafternoon but utterly foreign to the seclusion First, she had to round a long steep when they reached the upper levels and solitude of the High Uintas. Inmound of lichened black limestone,

of the Granddaddy basin. Eileen's credulously, Eileen scanned the and then she fearlessly descended a

patrons helped her to unpack. She sky. A black speck against the blue little coulee. She pricked Nitana

arranged to come back for them at quickly increased in size to the augforward through a stand of virgin the appointed time, and gave them mented whirr of a roaring speed pines, probably hitherto untrod by the advice of the experienced. "See plane. man or beast. All at once, not far

that little bay?"She nodded to- "Forevermore! What in the ahead of her, she could see where

wards a small moon shore across the world is that doing here!"she the forest opened. Its shadows gave

big Granddaddy. "The water's gasped. Closer and closer to earth way to the unhampered light of the

deep there, and your best fishing's it spiraled. mellow sun. She could discern the

trout are that cove.around The there Heaven were landing knew plane through the trees—upright, in Betsy, if you butpretty wary this region. in places aplenty Every seemingly unharmed. Where was

can tramp up to an overhanging cliff here and there the forest opened the flyer? There was no sign of

about four miles from here, you'll abruptly to a level meadow, fairly distress. This noisy, vibrating mafind Wall Lake hiding under its smooth, and large enough to keep a chine and its pilot had become as

shadow. You might land a big skillfully maneuvered plane from characteristically stilled as the woods

one in that little gem. I did once."bumping its nose on some giant pine around them. Eileen reined in, led

She smiled enchantingly at the at the edge. But whether any of by some inner prompting to pause

memory. "Good luck and goodthe meadows had ever been used for a moment.

bye."She left them to set up housefor the purpose was another matter. Through the trees, she witnessed

keeping, literally on the groundAlthough the mountains were not a strange performance. Instinctively,

floor of Granddaddy's shores. far distant from one of the transshe drew in the bridle as Nitana beEileen extended the reins of the continental airways, flyers avoided gan to crop the grass. "Be still,

pack horses and looped them them like the plague. They might Chance,"she said, lifting her first

through a saddlering. In turn, she be swallowed in everlasting oblivfinger. The dog pointed and froze

gave each of the ponies a smart slap ion in any one of these primeval to his position. Never had the reon the rump and started them on pockets. markable work of his handler been

the return journey. She followed on But down came the speed plane shown to greater advantage.

Nitana, leading the two packs. with evident intent to land. The "Don't whinny, Nitana,"whisHardly conscious of her choice, low sun flashed a bright reflection pered Eileen, turning her horse's

the song of "The Lorelei"sprang to from its silver wings as it turned on {Continued on page 123)

By BYRON DAVIES

of the Agriculture

THE light of history, the AmerINican Indians have come to be AMERICAN thought of as a race of people other than savages. The contributions of these people to our present civilization is as great, if not greater, INDIAN

than that of any other single nationality.

Instead of speaking of the early The flowering of the Mayan civIn South America, the most imcivilizing influence of the Spaniards, ilization was based upon the ecoportant plant was the potato. At

it would be quite as correct to call nomic conquest of the humid tropics. first it was found only in a sma,ll

their subjection of the Indians a The Indians realized that plants locality high in the Andes, but the decivilizing activity. would grow better in wet, warm Indians carried it to far places and

The Red Man's triumph over nalands, and so they experimented exwitness its universality today. In

ture, in the Western Hemisphere, tensively to modify old series of the Amazon Valley the pineapple, was a slow and tedious process; he plants to meet new wet land condimanico, sweetpotato, and the peaknew but little concerning our modtions. All the while this was going nut were developed as sources of

ern methods of scientific procedure on, they began a careful domesticafood, while for North America, in the manufacture of metals and tion of the more promising indigenabove Mexico, other plants were chemicals, yet his culture was, in ous plants. brought into cultivation such as the

many respects, superior to that of Sculptures, dated from the fifth strawberry and the Jerusalem artithe explorers who first found them century to modern times, show the choke.

on this continent. gradual domestication of plants and

The Indians, before the white men the preparation of different kinds of A lthough flesh was the main item came here, were chiefly an agriculfood from their seeds. of diet throughout the large Intural people. Even in those long As a result of the cultivation of dian territories, all sections had their

years ago, they had foursevenths maze, beans, and squash in the domesticated plants to supplement of our present day farm products south, agriculture became a widely the caribou, bison and fish sources under cultivation. In taking posscattered activity in the Western of food. Even in the Arctic zone,

session of the land in the American Hemisphere. where it is necessary to have a diet

continents, the whites first used the This movement was, however, a consisting chiefly of meat, the Inclearing that had been made by the slow process, and one in which condians harvested berries and edible

Indian farmers. siderable knowledge of botany had roots. Likewise in the caribou area

According to anthropologists, to be exercised in order to bring the Indians relied on plants to a the first effort of the Indians toward about its successful conclusion. For considerable extent.

agriculture consisted of protecting many of these plants originated in In the bison localities, cherries, the plants that afforded them food. the tropical climates, and only after plums, strawberries and several speSoon they learned the necessity of careful experimentation were the cies of roots were part of the food

weeding plants and cultivating them, Indians able to make them grow in supply.

and later they began to gather the cooler temperate zones. In the tropics, where usually meat

plants and seeds so that they could Contemporaneous with the changwas found in abundance, many kinds be planted in more favorable localing of the tropical plants to meet of nuts and berries varied the diet.

ities. new land conditions, other plants, In the treeless parts of Patagonia,

These early discoveries made posnative to particular sections of the as was also true of the more arid sible great advances in human culcountry, were undergoing domestiportions of the bison area, the prickture. cation. (Continued on page 98)

CANADA WELCOMES THE CHIEF SCOUT By C FRANK STEELE

of the world bound together in that not directly affiliated with Scoutever-expanding fellowship of Scouting—while the Alberta Stake troops

ing. journeyed overland to Macleod

Special trains carried the keen, to entrain. District Scout Comsmartly-uniformed boys and girls to missioner Dr. C. M. Fletcher, of

the big rally. In Calgary they were Lethbridge, was in charge of the

entertained hospitably by the host Lethbridge Stake troops, also the organization. There were various whole contingent of Scouts from the

entertainment features offered the city; District Commissioner Ervin

young visitors including a sightFawns, of Raymond, was in charge seeing tour of the city, and of course of the Taylor Stake troops and Disan abundance of good things to eat. trict Commissioner Ben H. May, of

And did those fellows eat! They Cardston, of the Alberta Stake

Lord and Lady BadenPowell consumed 2600 gallons of milk, 1500 units.

pounds of meat, 2600 pounds of It might be added here that Comvegetables, 500 loaves of bread missioner May, one of the outstandand SOS calls had to be sent out {Continued on page 94) for more rations.

Five thousand Boy Scouts and A "Scout Special"started from Girl Guides drawn from every Raymond, center of the Taylor

Lethbridge Stake Scouts and BeeAlberta—700nook andor cornermore ofofthemSouthernwere Stake, and this train picked up the

Girls Hive BeeHiveLatter-day in CalGirls—the Saints—gathered invited, are too, although they the were 22, 1935, to greetgary on April

Chief Scout Lord BadenPowell and

Lady BadenPowell on the occasion of their official visit to the province. Lord BadenPowell greets an

Coming into the foothills province Indian.

from the west coast where he had Lord BadenPowell being welreceived ovations all the way north comed at Calgary, Canada.

from San Francisco to Vancouver, the Chief Scout was first welcomed at Banff in the heart of the Canadian

Rockies. There he rested in nature's

wonderland for the strenuous gala day planned when he reached the city of Calgary.

The Calgary reception was not only a triumphant welcome but as well a moving tribute to the hero of

Mafeking who today is general of the greatest "army"in the world, an "army with banners"yet an army marshalled not for war but for peace.

And it was that very thought of world peace and understanding that characterized the Calgary Jamboree. For the Alberta Boy Scout

Council climaxed their program with a brilliantly performed "Pageant of

Peace"depicting Boy Scouts and

Girl Guides of some 95 countries

One Indian's vengeance

By JAMES P. SHARP and GLYNN BENNION

path he was usually justified in doing side of Indian mountain, where the so. level desert floor rises toward the

It might well be said that the redhigh Bonneville breaks in a savage man's doom was sealed, not because incline of boulder drifts and gravel he was more savage in instincts and washes, a tiny trickle of alkaline practice than the white man, but water seeps over an outcropping of because he failed utterly to compreprophyry to make a few square rods hend the workings of the white of green salt grass in the midst of man's mind. The mind of the heathe boundless white sterility of the

then Chinee may have seemed indesert. This is Simpson's Springs.

scrutable to Bret Harte, or any Parts of the walls of the old stage other Occidental, but for ways that station located there are still standwere truly dark and tricks that were ing near the spring.

shamefully vain the white man had In the spring of 1863 a few solthe poor Indian altogether baffled. diers were quartered at this station.

The disease of avarice—the insatiThey were members of the Caliable greed for gold and for land; the fornia Volunteers, forces commandintense egotism radiating authority ed by Gen. Patrick Edward Connor,

and possession; the queer hypocristationed at Camp Douglas.

cies or inconsistencies responsible Perhaps it was the nasty water for the astonishing breach between they had to drink, or the invariable, preachment and practice—- these billious diet of bacon and sourdough

relentless time carries our were some of the white man's mental bread which made them evildisposi-AS perspectives farther and farquirks which the Indian could not tioned. At any rate they wanted to

ther away from the scenes of understand. kill somebody. They persuaded

the past, the part our countrymen It was this same quality of mind William Riley, the stationkeeper, or so enthusiastically played in licking which resulted in the making of hostler, to direct them to a camp of the redman into his present state of solemn, patronizingly dignified treaIndians at Coyote Springs, six miles despairing docility appears less and ties with the Indians on the part of south of Simpson's.

less commendable. the government—treaties that the Why the soldiers should want to

We used to say that the Indian white invariably broke as soon as kill those Indians, a family ofwrote his own ticket to extinction they were made—and in the robfriendly Pahvants from the south,

in his incorrigible love of warfare, bing and starving of the doomed Inno one can now tell. The only exin his idea that thieving was an hondians by rascally agents after the cuse that can be framed seems to be

orable occupation, and in his intense former had been beaten into despairthe fact that almost all nativeborn and savage vindictiveness which ing submission and herded on to Americans at that time had no more could find satisfaction in the indisprison-like reservations. compunctions about shooting Incriminate slaughter of innocents. All of this may seem like too much dians than a trapper now has in

But that is the white man's sayso, introduction to an Indian story, but killing coyotes or skunks, or any and smells of selfjustification. Imeven at this late date it may be other "varmints"of the wilderness.

partial history forces some pretty necessary to ask the reader to look As a result of two hundred years of uncomfortable comparisons upon us at the picture from the Indian's savage border warfare between which do not indicate any marked point of view. them, Indians just weren't human

moral superiority of the whites over This is the story of one Indian's beings to Yankees.

their red foes. On the contrary, the vengeance as it used to be told by At any rate, the soldiers rode upon

preponderance of evidence goes to the dusty, squinteyed, leatherskin- the unsuspecting camp at Coyote show that as between Indians and ned freighters and riders of the Springs and shot down every one of whites it was the latter who broke desert seated around the fireplace its occupants—bucks, squaws, and

faith, who did most of the cheating of some abandoned station along papooses.

and robbing and who showed the the old Overland trail, where such But as the soldiers were about to most bloodthirsty ferocity in momen were wont to camp before the turn back to Simpson's Springs they ments of revenge. Considering his old rock stationhouses had all saw an Indian running toward the

handicaps, the Indian generally tumbled down. camp. This was Peahnamp, the

proved himself a more courageous head man of the camp. He had

and hardy fighter than the white hundred miles southwest of escaped the slaughter of his familyman, and when he went on the warONESalt Lake City, on the west and friends by being away from the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936 camp when the soldiers arrived. He a tough break for those men, for paid no attention to this warning,

had heard the shots and the screams any place in the vicinity of Deep nor to the suggestion that the real of the massacre and ran to see what Creek was a very, very bad place marauders would invariably escape was the matter. for white men to be at that time. into the security of the trackless

The soldiers now turned their One reason for this was the wilds and that the only Indians punrifles on the lone survivor, for, as the slaughter of the Shoshones at Bear itive expeditions would likely catch story was told, they wanted none river by General Connor and his would be the camps of unsuspecting left to dispute the tale they intended C. V.'s the previous winter. In this tribesmen who had taken no part

to tell of having been attacked by awful butchery about four hundred in the raids.

the Indians. But in the instant of Indians under Pocatello, Bear One thing the Indians were not

the hostile gesture the Pahvant Hunter, and Lehi were attacked in given sufficient credit for by the chieftain sprang into the bushes and their beds at daybreak in despersoldiers was the wonderful efficiency the soldier's bullets crashed harmately cold weather, two hundred of their intelligence system. Every

lessly into the gravel where he had twentyfive of all ages and sexes raid on the stage stations shows that been. were slain, one hundred sixty the raiders were supplied with comThe troops now mounted and squaws and papooses were capplete and accurate information as to

spurred after the fleeing savage, but tured alive, and the remaining the whereabouts, habits, and equipfor ten miles or more up rocky few escaped around the north ment of the soldiers.

mountainsides, over the high divide, end of Great Salt Lake to lose A favorite method of getting much down through brushy Lee's canyon themselves and "sing toebuck"of this information without being and then out on one of the long, among the Goshute Indians of the suspected of spying by the whites narrow, cedarcovered ridges that Deep Creek country. Some day was that of running along beside

lead down toward the Orrin Porter this Bear river "battle,"which the stage coaches as those awful

Rockwell ranch on Government brought the fireeating Connor concontraptions rolled and lumbered

Creek, the fleetfooted Indian mansiderable fame at the time, will peracross the desert. The Goshutes, or

aged to keep too far ahead of the haps be ranked in history along with Desert Utes as the name signifies, cavalry for accurate shooting. Col. Chivington's unprovoked maspossessed the finest running legs

Then just before the soldiers had sacre of the Cheyennes and the of all the Indians. Perpetually on

the fugitive chased into the open slaughter of Sitting Bull and his the verge of starvation, they could country at the end of the ridge the wretched, unarmed Sioux by the not keep horses even after the whites

Indian suddenly disappeared. Seventh Cavalry after the Sioux had came bringing them, for every horse

All that day and the next the solreturned to the United States from that came into their hands was soon diers devoted to an intensive search Canada on the Government's promconsumed for food. The game

of the cedar patch they had seen the ise of protection. The Seventh Cavwhich supplied the Goshutes with

Indian run into, quite convinced alry, as the reader will remember, food and clothing was principally that their quarry had not escaped was the unit to which the illfated antelopes and jackrabbits, and since from it. Then they gave it up and Custer and his men belonged. they had no weapons for long range

returned to their post at Simpson's. But the circumstances of most sinuse, they had to run those animals

On the way the soldiers. repassed ister import to Riley and the soldiers down or starve. There are yet to

the scene of the killing at Coyote at Canyon station was the fact that be found on the desert the lines of

Springs. Here they found that Peahnamp's wife had been a Gowhite boulders, extending for many

someone had preceded them and shute from Deep Creek and Peahmiles and terminating at one end in had buried the dead. It was to be namp himself had gone there after stragetically placed corrals which

seen that this had been done Indian the killing of his family to "sing the Goshutes used long ago in the fashion. Tracks showed that but toebuck"—in the hating song capture of the antelopes. A famous

one person had worked at the burial, among her relatives. bet of the old days was made beand those tracks bore an uncomGeneral Connor had been given tween a Goshute and a white man

fortable resemblance to the tracks the specific responsibility by Preswhich involved the Indian's twentyof the Indian who had eluded them. ident Lincoln of policing the Overfive mile race with the stage. The

land stage route against Indian depGoshute won easily.

"Dack at the station the soldiers redations, but the general's policy told their story of being attacked of stationing a few soldiers at inter- "VTot many years ago there were by the Indians while out on a scoutvals along the stage line met with men still living who remembered ing expedition, but many nights were the disapproval of the Mormon sethaving seen those wonderful Gospent arguing darkly about the lone tlers. These pioneers held that such shute runners, just previous to the

fugitive's escape. Haggling rose as was Indian hatred for the soldiers Deep Creek Indian raids, pace the

explanations grew more and more that their presence excited Indians to "Pitching Betsies,"as the stage weird. It was a superstitious era the warpath that otherwise could coaches were called, over the smooth

and belief in witches and ghosts was have been kept peaceable. They also road between Canyon and Willow

general. There was something horpointed out that it was stupid tactics stations in Snake valley, where the

ribly unearthly about the Indian's to spread the protective forces out drivers invariably whipped into a disappearance. He had simply vanso thinly that one small band of run to make up lost time. These

ished in thin air. savages could attack successfully laughing young Indians would run

Then Riley, the holster, and the one unit of soldiery after another, beside the stages the entire ten miles, soldiers were transferred to Canwiping out eventually a much more "charging"for the exhibition by yon station, seventyfive miles west numerous force of defenders than holding out their hands for packages of Simpson's Springs and twelve that of which the attackers was comof powder and lead, which delighted miles east of Deep Creek. This was posed. General Connor, however, passengers would thoughtlessly toss

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

to the buildings set fire station, the nearing them.to Then, and fled. Canada Welcomes the caught. never of were a burst speed They put onthey would

and leave the galloping, swaying Thus was the killing of PeahChief Scout outfits far behind. namp's family avenged. If the fore- {Continued from page 91)

Not long after the killing of the going were fiction it would be uning boy men of the Church, perIndians near Simpson's Springs, a pardonable at this juncture to bring formed his last major Scout mission strange Indian runner was noted by up the matter of Peahnamp's escape when he took his boys to the Calthe stage driver during his Willow from the soldiers at Government gary Jamboree. For on his return

Canyon run. This one did not creek, but since it is history it may home he was stricken with pneulaugh or put on any stunt springs, be permissible to state that many monia and passed away to the sorbut seemed to watch the stages more years after the events here recorded row of Scouts and Scout executives

searchingly than did the other runtwo sheepherders found, in the cedar throughout the province. Two hunners. This was Peahnamp. Somepatch, where the soldiers last saw dred or more Scouts in a body atwhere in a safe hiding place he had Peahnamp, a cave with so small an tended the funeral at Cardston.

stone, one which that a opening for gun, he buffalo which big olda touch was international An lift entirely aside, covIt easily could of ammunition. plentyneeded fraternal the by given Jamboree experiment opening. victhe ered By the that later noted amongwas Great of from Scouts too delegations it not a man, that proved station soon raids was which of thetims

other Falls Montana North and stone, roll the stout, could white the of away orfollowed, more one the cities, Stripes Stars the and and stone, hole, replace the the into hole crawl in a raid killed had eachmen in side fluttering side by Union Jack out, to if come wanted he been as his had he and whenthrough body the during arena Victoria the Park hill Inside the operation. the Riley repeat After cannonball.hit a by a thrilling exercises witnessed by to unexplored out to opens the cave soldiers Canyon the cameand 10,000. of than throng more souvenir extent. Unless more. depths seen this and no runnerstation was of features important the of One it it out cleaned since have hunters five six the or station Canyon At it celebration, was the and Calgary

still belongmouldering the contains in the slept there quarteredsoldiers Chief sharpeyed the noted by long of remains ings mummified and the stable, wherecanvasroofed courtesy, precision, Scout, the was Indians. dead kept. horses stage werefour They the orderliness assembled of and accident did merest the in by Only a dugtheir however, meals,took exin the formal especially Scouts it. to on Cerstumble the shepherds stable. the a from yardsout few beercises the of boys day. The it. soldiers found never the tainly learned already watchersIndian had inStirring, magnificently. haved this furnis that It cave probable their take not soldiers did thethat

to their Chief the deed, welcome was his of esmeans ished tiny Peahnamp into dugout the with themguns in forma- a stood as they massed cape. ate. theywhen

lis, the fleur tion the depicting de

On the morning of July 8, 1863, Scout emblem. This was followed

the soldiers filed as usual into the by the simple, homely, unforgettable dugout for breakfast. Riley, the addresses of the venerable Chief

hoslter, did not go in with them, but Scout and Lady BadenPowell, head stood near the door of the stable of the Girl Guides of the world.

currying a horse. Suddenly a volley A particular thrill for the Latterof shots was fired, and at the same day Saints present came when they

time a stream of fire arrows streaked saw the Cardston Scout troops lead into the roof of the stable. Riley, the great parade past the saluting

one leg smashed at the ankle by a stand. And one of the boys who

bullet, ran down the canyon on the led the contingent was a greatstump, but was soon dropped by grandson of President Brigham more bullets. The soldiers rushed Call's Landing, Colorado River Young. This proud boy was Brigfirst at the alarm ofout the dugout Mrs. of son Bishop and Card, ham CALL'S LANDING their guns to reach dash aand made of Cardston. Y. The Joseph Card I Frank Kooyman By the of in end the south stacked contingents were other "Mormon"and wash through waste, rocky killed beOver stable. but All were one the in places also prominent given gulch rode we stable, the and fore they reached before last they stood favorable at miles; a most parade Long, weary and made

that one, badly wounded, tried like us, impression. Following the parade

Call's abode, of walls Anson remnant to the canyon. The escape Riley down stunts, hours of several crowded

silently bore fort, they and and Warehouse killed. too, soon He, was displays scout of demonstrations, us

The Indians then rescued the Their record of the past, when vessels work, and other features were enhorses from the blazing stable, takwould unload joyed culminating in the peace pleasant here, cargoes when labor's the Their also and all ing the guns prairie atmosphere Native pageant.

chorus ammunition, clothing, and food, of Indian furnished a troop by ode. was eternal the stream's with Did mingle

utensils they could find. The bodies High in the sky an airplane circled o'er us, Scouts who gave some of their tribal

of the dead were then scalped and A witness, and an evidence at once, dances by special permission of the stripped of clothing. One soldier Of man's great strides in conquering the chiefs.

was found scalped on the chin inIt sawearth,the stream, the restless, giving birth The Jamboree proved a decided stead of the top of his head. He was To manmade lake, earth's largest, in restimulus to Scouting in the province

bald but wore a heavy beard. sponse and especially in the Latterday

Saint wards where the M. I. A. Riley's body was carried back to To thatendeavor:same urge that prompted Call's

the buildings and thrown on the Man's progress. Though submerged, Call's executives gave thorough and pracblazing woodpile. Then the Indians Landing lives forever! tical cooperation.

IxfwlOti

Carbon Stake college that they may have the benefit Moapa Ward—-Moapa Stake

8, 1935, Joseph F.C\& Sunday, December 15, the Carof Ina religiousaddition training.to the seminaries estabOn December

bon stake presidency was reorganlished apart from the school system, ized with President George E. Jorgenthere are three colleges which are orBrimley was sustained as Bishop of

sen being sustained as president and ganized and operated under Church Moapa Ward.

with Parley H. Rhead and Arvel R. direction. They are the Brigham Young

Stevens as counselors. University at Provo, Utah; Juarez First Ward—Salt Lake City,

Academy at Juarez, Mexico; and Ricks Liberty Stake

Northern States Mission College at Rexburg, Idaho. At the

sustained Bromley E. William was time, is introducpresent Dr. Widtsoe Hinckley, S. 8, Bryant January First Liberty the of Bishop Ward, for the at the as ing the Church work formerly president the of LibertyC\$ 15, Stake, 1935. on December California. of University Southern for elevenStake general years and

secretary of the Deseret Gymnasiumsince its opening in 1910, left Salt Lake Ancient Snares in B. Y. U. Sugar House Ward—Highland Stake

City to assume his new position as Museum On December 15, 1935, George W.

of the Stateshead Northern Burbidge was sustained as Bishop of of CaineEvangeline Mission Irs. Tappanto S. succeed President George Romney this Ward. ville, to the Brigham Utah, gave died unexpectedly on Decemberwho 27 University on December Young 1 9. President Hinckley Accompanying used several snares been had which Stake Ward-—Logan Logan Second his wife youngestwere daughand two

cliff dwellers. the ancient by Theters. sustained P. as Pedersen C. A. was far snares as as 1000 date back may carries President Hinckley with him of Bishop Second on Logan Ward after to used were Christ years and

field his qualito of labor many new 1935. 15, December squirrels small capture such as gamefications his activity. for Trained new

rabbits. the cave from which and The inexpertly that as teacher a labored he

is three nets miles of south taken were Fourth Rexburg Ward—atprofession the UniBrigham Young

cliff the face of Torrey, which on a Stake Rexburgversity for several bethen years and forty rises the feet ground. from the Saints of Latterday headcame Stucki 15, 1935, C. Dec. Ezra On

affiliatedBusiness College. became He this of ward. as sustained Bishop was Alhambra Ward thethen Deseret with Gymnasium.

is to readers of wellknown The He for city the of chapel S. L. D. new A Columbia, Mississippi—Southern for has he whichImprovement Era ** costing was Alhambra $45,000 States Mission popular contributor of character abeen President Grant Heber dedicated by J.sketches. also has a very become He dedicated a Elder Melvin 1. is completely J. Ballard Church Dec. on The inspirational speaker. celebrated Mississippi. at Columbia, Chapel for auditorium, includes an paid and

amusement hall, 12 classrooms, and a

Liberty Stake patio for amusement purposes. Hawthorne Ward—Granite Stake

the 5 Liberty /\n Stake was January dedicated President Heber J. Grant - Edgehill Ward result as reorganized of President a this in the December on Chapel Ward Hinckley's appointment. new J. Percy 1, in 22, 1935. 1935, on December

set as president apart of wasGoddard

L. Stake with George /Vrganized the Highland the stake with Michelsen and Fred M. as Bishop. Nelson City, Salt Lake Second Ward, counselors. as E. PetersenMark

Liberty Stake Wasatch Ward Seminary DedicatedNew Elggren was A. Lewis

1, 1935, Douglas On December of the Bishop Second President "\17*hen Ward—Libertysustained as Heber sustained of Bishop as was J. Grant Wood 1935. 22, Stake, December v dedicated the Coalville Seminary, Stake. Highland Wasatch Ward,

North Summit Stake, Utah, on November 3, 1935, he increased the number Panguitch Stake Springville First Ward—

of senior seminaries of the Latterday James L. Hatch was sustained as Kolob Stake

Saint eightyeight. to Church The president of Panguitch Stake on the 22, 1935, Andrew On December seminary tremenassumes movement

1, 1935. December of Peterson as Bishop was sustained in light of dous importance the modern

trends in education. The Church has Baltimore Branch, Eastern this ward.

felt of religious education the need in States Mission Yalecrest Ward—-Bonneville Stake field the learning. of Therefore, whole

President dedicated Grant Heber the Seminaries Junior organized were the Yalecrest 29, 1935, Dec. On in the this branchJ. Sunday, Chapel on for training to the of care junior high organized with Leonard was Ward J. 8, 1935. December pupils. school stakes Eightyfive have Bishop. as Love

now organized for this activity. Senior

Stake Vegas Ward—Moapa for seminaries the high Las were organized Yale Ward—Bonneville Stake

students. school year, past President Within the dedicated Rudger Clawson

the Church has organized special stud- a chapel in this ward on Sunday, De- T. Fred Hardy was sustained as

ies for those pupils who are attending cember 8, 1935. Bishop of this ward December 29, 1935.

c/he ibdttortal Staff President Heber J. Grant, Dr. John A. Widtsoe, Richard L. Evans, Marba C. Josephson,

Editor Editor Managing Editor Associate Editor us, and welcome her warmly to the service of the readers of the Era. many (baitortai CA anges Editor, Richard L. Evans, is The new Managing

/hanges are inevitable in life. Unchanging conalready well known to the Era family and to the

ditions and lack of progress travel together. whole Church. From an announcer at Radio

Normal changes mean that all concerned are Station KSL he has risen, by sheer worth, to the benefited. responsible position of Production Manager in the

This doctrine must now be applied to The Imorganization of this important broadcasting station, provement Era. Recently, death claimed our becovering in this assignment both business and proloved Associate Editor, Elsie Talmage Brandley. gram activities. For nearly six years he has been

Now, our Managing Editor, Harrison R. Merrill, in charge of the nationwide Sunday morning Tabfinds it necessary to withdraw from the work. The ernacle broadcasts of the Church. Under his

growth of the Era demands the full time of its guidance this radio program has grown from a

Managing Editor, and Brother Merrill has preferred modest musical feature to an hour of music interto remain with his chosen profession in the educaspersed with thoughtful, spiritual sentiments which tional field. The places thus made vacant are taken have won the favorable attention of the whole

by two capable, stalwart, devoted workers, Marba continent. as of lands beyond the seas. Brother

C. Josephson and Richard L. Evans. The work Evans has not only been the producer and anwill go forward; the Era will continue to progress; nouncer of the program, but the spoken messages

the future will rest upon the foundations of the past. presented have been written by him. It was no

Professor Harrison R. Merrill has served the Era little honor for him to be named as one of the

exceedingly well. The present acceptable tone of foremost announcers in the United States for 1933

the Era, in makeup and contents, reflects the earby a national radio magazine. Under the direction

nest attention, the love of beauty as well as of subof the Church Radio Committee, he has also writstance, and the ready willingness to build a periten and delivered a series of twentythree adodical characteristic of the Church, by Brother dresses, which were presented from the Tabernacle

Merrill. The gratitude of all Era lovers—officers, during the Church Sunday evening radio service

contributors, and out to him for during the winter and spring of 1934. subscribers—goes in which he has done his work. Brother Evans comes unusually well fitted for the splendid manner

All are also happy to know that he has received his duties with the Era. He has taken the Master's

promotion in his chosen field. As head of the degree in a great university; he has traveled widely

growing Division of Journalism and of the Extension and knows many lands and peoples; he has edited

Division of the Brigham Young University, he will the oldest continuously published Church magbe able to serve greatly the latterday cause of the azine, the Millennial Star; he has gained business

Lord. We wish him success in his future labors, experience as he has fought his way upward, and

and thank him for his notable contribution to the as Secretary of the European Mission office, he has welfare of The Improvement Era. filled a long and successful mission; and above all,

The new Associate Editor, Sister Marba C. he understands and practices, with undeviating

Josephson, has been featured in a recent issue of devotion, the principles of the restored Gospel.

the Era, yet we are pleased to assure our readers Industrious, intelligent, clearheaded, sympathetic, again that Mrs, Josephson, in training, temperalover of truth and beauty, faithful to the Lord, ment, and experience, as well as in devotion to the Brother Evans will carry on the Era traditions and

Gospel, is amply fitted for the editorial labors that add much of value to our cherished magazine. The

have come to her. We are happy to have her with Era is fortunate to secure Brother Evans'services,

and bids him welcome to his new post. We trust card playing which has swept the nation. The

that he may find joy in his labors. ideal there implied is that card playing occasions

Elsewhere in this issue, these matters are more much loss of time, frequently causes bad temper, fully discussed. Out of the changes advancement and not seldom engenders the gambling spirit, and

will come to all concerned. May the Lord bless that in a rapidly moving age when time and energy

the retiring and incoming Era A. W. would better be used for the richer interests that workers!—/. modern day offers. Every Church practice, though

at first sight it may seem unimportant, if scrutinized,

LsOflfcofiformtttj will be found to be a means of human happiness.

A wisethe landman inconformswhich heto lives,the ordinaryprovidedusagesthey doof of Throughthe sacrament,the waterswith theof baptism,blessingsinofthethepartakingTemple, not violate laws of health or morality or other Latterday Saints make covenants to obey the law, principles of truth. Such harmless conventions as the whole law of the Lord. Happiness lies in the

rules of etiquette, fashions in dress or styles of keeping of these covenants. No one can in safety

speech should be viewed in the light of Pope's pick and choose which of the Church practices he couplet: will obey. Those who are looking forward to

successful lives, especially the young, should cour- "Be not the first on whom the new is tried, ageously stand aside from the crowd when invited

Nor yet the last to lay the old aside."to engage in harmful, forbidden activities, and

A courageous man refuses to engage in any should with equal courage conform, even at seempractice injurious to human welfare, however many ing personal sacrifice, to the practices and ideals of may have adopted it. Those who in their anxiety the Church.

peculiar be a must ever their neighbors, their knowlto and despite be like We people—peculiar

defense of truth. our acceptance and in in drink, evil engage effects, smoke, of the We mustedge

night life, or seek to obtain something for nothing, be a unique people, unique in standing alone if merely display weakness of character, lack of inneed be for that which is right. We must be wise,

dependence, and unfitness to carry on in the world's courageous, and loyal. We must conform to the

serious work. The lasting leadership of the world requirements of our Church, great and small. The

is always drawn from those who courageously reideals of the Church must be woven into our lives.

fuse to follow the crowd at the sacrifice of truth. Then we shall conquer, though every evil force

A. W.Unintelligent conformity is a menace and an evil. opposes.—/.

A loyal man who loves his country and his church and who has accepted their fundamental Valedictoryprinciples, does not quibble about the laws of the land or the regulations and ideals of the Church. VS7hen a person has associated for several years

He obeys them, even if they are not wholly after with a group of fine people in furthering a his own mind; and secures changes if needed, in great cause, he cannot but feel regret at the parting.

a regular, lawful way. Competent authority is I have enjoyed beyond measure my experience in

always available to explain or correct. Breaking assisting in building The Improvement Era and my

the laws of the land leads to anarchy, the fruits of relations with the hundreds of fine people who have which are chaos and destruction. Disobedience been contributors to its pages.

to the regulations of the Church leads inevitably to The General Authorities of the Church as well unbelief, often to apostasy, and always hinders as the General Boards of all of the auxiliaries have personal development. The security of any instibeen helpful, friendly, and kind. I am leaving the

tution set up for human welfare depends upon the active work I have been doing in connection with loyalty of its members to institutional laws, reguThe Improvement Era and am returning on full lations, and ideals. time to Brigham Young University where I hope

Intelligent conformity is necessary to establish I can assist in building writers who will be able to the enlivening message of the Church to the world, appreciate and to express the spirit of the Gospel which, if adopted, will transform the conditions and of the West.

of earth, relieve men from evil, and bring happiness To the contributors I wish to express my thanks to all mankind. In securing the adoption of this for their cooperation, for no magazine can succeed

message, nothing can be more effective than the well without conscientious and prepared writers. To

examples of the members of the Church. If conthe readers, that great family of Era folk, sitting beformity to Church regulations and ideals profits the side their reading lamps in all states and many

members, it will naturally excite the interest of nations, I wish to send greeting. You have been

nonmembers. Latterday Saints should be notable courageous and splendid. To the Era workers,

among nations and churches for their conformity those who have subscribed themselves and have to the regulations and ideals of their Church. given hours of their time in order to place the

Thereby hangs the success of the latterday work. magazine in the homes of the people, I wish to

Church members who allow themselves to chafe extend my love.

because they are advised against this or that pop- I shall now take my place among the great horde ular practice, do not understand that upon careful of interested readers of the magazine, and, upon examination every authorized Church ideal or pracoccasion I hope, among the contributors to its tice is rooted in truth and devised for the welfare pages. My best wishes are with those who are

of the people. For example, several presidents now guiding and who may in the future guide its

of the Church have advised against the mania for destinies. H. R. M.

Stake, to teach, defend, preach, and to AN ENVIABLE RECORD exhorthome mission in the Los Angeles this everpoor rich and lasting Gospel. As such I have met

WM. L. GOLDMAN with many of the honest in heart,

Baptized March 3, 1922 which has resulted in baptizing many

Ordained a Teacher Dec. 30, 1923 converts into the Church, some of

Ordained a Priest April 27, 1924 whom have already gone to their

Ordained an Elder June Seventy Ordained a May 25,29, 19241928 rest and sleep in the silent city of

Set apart as secretary of the 218th the dead awaiting the day of their

Quorum Feb. 14, 1931 glorious resurrection. Others live

Set apart as Jr. President to honor and cherish those blessings

Aug. 28, 1932 obtained only in the House of the of the President Set apart as 5th

235th Quorum May 14, 1933 Lord.

Became 6th President...Aug. 19, 1934 Truly, those who are called into

Became Senior President this ministry are sustained in the

Sept. 16, 1934 fulfilment of the promise of the

In a letter to Dr. John A. Widtsoe Christ, "Behold, I am with you."—

this tells about Muir Leo young Wm. L. Goldman. joining the after Church man J.who

thirteen years ago has made so enviable a record. Part of the letter GOT TO BE FIT

reads: fit has personally "Brother and soul for the in body Goldman than eighty baptized more the day, persons, Got workto be of each of whom has been converted Got to be fit and fine and clean to toil in through the efforts of this choice and the mightier way;

faithful young man. Brother GoldGot to be captain of self and strong in

Wm. L. Goldman manScriptures,is eloquent,and yetwellversedextremely humble.in the To leadthe inwilltheof labora purposeof life'shigh.best hour

By trade he is an acetylene welder, at 'neath the glow of a stainless sky.

HThere are times and events in presentmen in thisthe foremanlabor. Heof is,a groupby goodof Got to be true to a high ideal, and to

which one is momentarily measure, the finest individual mislive and to fashion your life brought to a realization, to some sionary that has been developed in In a way that is fit for the grueling test degree, of the dignity and responsithe home mission work in our stake."of the tuned and terrible strife;

bility of those that bear the holy Got to asbewellmeasuredas by bythosestandardsof skill, of right priesthood. Got to be true to the laws of God and

Christ,"of the Lord Jesus to ness one is compelled In so doing, in a to labor permitted been I master of soul—Baltimoreand will. Sun. have gratefullyacknowledge how merciful and gracious God has been to

the inhabitants of the earth, for from been sent"Righteousness has Agriculture of the propertiesmade from woodwith ashes.a basic solution orprinciples and that theheaven,"

dinances of the Gospel may be American Indian In the Eastern section of the prestaught and administered by those {Continued [rom page 90) ent United States rice was cultiin maze, States vated, the Southern righteously speak and act in thewho inutilized. In the ley pear was States in the England and New of deity.name several area terior of the salmon interesting It is sugar. maple

Those who are thus called to adspecies of roots were gathered, dried note that the Indians developedto minister and seek diligently to serve and pounded into a food product. every essential process that is used

and magnify their calling are made In sections of Southern California today in the refinement of sugar.

spirit of Jesus thepartakers of stored the harvested and acorn was intensive farmthe most Although to reprove theChrist, even power in bins. acorn the Preparing large torrid in the out carried ing was of disciples true thatthe the world, a Indians displayed for the food, tilling zone, the did Indians much allChrist For who known. might be chemistry. of certain knowledge soil in southwest. the of the Here rewill receive have such would considerable contains a acorn The beans, corn, pumpkins, raised they there, andceived been had Him He acid, Inthe tannic of quantity and chilipeppers, onions, squash,all have reject would those them who this to that be acid learned had dian too, sunflowers. melons, Here, and also.rejected the Master the before neutralized or removed for their raised eggs turkeys were

Yea, even our testimony concernmeat of the acorn could be used as and feathers as well as for their ing Him may truly be vindicated, food, in the form of bread. So they meat. But in mentioning the difaccording to the diligence and faithwould grind the acorns into a sort ferent kinds of plants under cultivafulness exercised, that we may prove of flour and neutralize its acidic tion, we should not lose sight of the

before God and all mankind the fact that corn was the principal crop.

strength of our testimony of Jesus varieties, It several consisted of GRACE TRAVEL WITHChrist, shall without which none flint, flour dent, popcorn, Cashatt Lewis namely By Faye

Celestialenter the Kingdom. corn. corn, sweet and prairie, the born on was who

In thinking of this choice endow- * I, who am sprung from the sod, The Indians had several methods ment, I am truly thankful for the Have mumbled a prayer in the evening of preparing corn for eating, and our opportunity that has come to me to And thought I was worshipping God. present systems of preparing this

I His on have looked mountains Today senior asserve the of member them. food copied from has been find breathless, could not word; a And of theCouncil the of 235th Quorum Artificial fertilization pracwas heart, the like But peace melody, a in my

Seventy. As one called as "A witTells me my prayer has been heard. ticed from Nova Scotia to Chile.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

One of the most prevalent methods ated new wants, of which many the use of water for irrigation purwas to place fish in the corn hills proved undesirable. Intoxicants poses; they taught ways of trailing

when planting. In districts of inand diseases debased the red men and capturing game animals and how

tensive agriculture manure was also until they were a vital factor in the to make their flesh palatable.

used. white conquest. Finally, they have taught the white

Irrigation was undertaken from Besides giving the Europeans new people many sports such as canoeing, they medicines, of foods snowshoeing, and sleighrid- and in Chile, to Peru it kinds andWyoming for ing. ideas contributed devices and scarcely scale carried out on awas

equaled by modern people. The

system of the aqueductremains stay close long enough, we might of Moving Mountainsthe Incaempire show in the Andes over."have to swim

genius and organization we of today (Continued from page 73) Bob and Dan hastily followed him may well respect. below, and all the needed supplies

The different kinds of medicines for some time, but they will finally for several days'stay on the berg the Indians gave the white people get her!"were brought quickly up and piled

soon became popular in Europe. "But how can we get aboard that on the deck as close up front as Old

Quinine, as an example, proved of slippery, icy mountain?"asked Bob Spike deemed safe. There was

valuable assistance in reclaiming the incredulously. plenty of heavy seaclothing, blanfever ridden tropics. Closely rekets, canned foods in boxes, rifles,

old Spike; along,"said "Come ammunition. also Indians and the to medicine,lated

"I'll to got you. work show We've dessicated of ice Meanwhile the mountain from dyes

fast. all pile that the things We'll

closer. plowing steadily was Indigo mayplants—Americanmanufactured to close take with us want up be we

mentioned. front. Then when she strikes we'll munition?""Why do askedwe needBob,guns suddenlyand ampitch to over to the try the berg them gave on much The Indians as to puzzled could shoot. what they

flat their stick contacts on andwhites, them and in return some make bears!""Polar returned

with European products only creshelf of ice. If the Banaza doesn't veteran engineer. "They're foundthe

occasionally on icebergs which float

WSHSKPWgpSS Southward from the extreme Arctic regions. And if we happen to run

into one, we'll sure need something to fight with, 'cause the ole boy will most likely be hungry."

JDoB stood watching the rapidly narrowing gap between the mountain of ice and their ship.

"What makes the thing plow through the water as if propelled by hidden machinery, and why doesn't our ship and it move in the same direction instead of toward each other?"he queried, puzzled.

"There is a deep counter undercurrent in these waters,"explained old Spike. "Nearly seveneights of

every iceberg is under water, extending far down into this undercurrent, which in this case is coming toward us, bringing the berg with it plowing against the weaker top current which is carrying our ship forward."The distance between the ship and the berg was rapidly becoming nothing. Bob closed his eyes and waited

with clenched teeth for the crash to come. The great mass of ice was

looming, seemingly, directly overhead.

There was a resounding reverberation as the handiwork of man met the handiwork of God, and the

Bonaza trembled violently from stem to stern. Then, shuddering a moment like a spent horse, the freighter

The Father and the Savior of their Country—Etched on Wood slued around with the rail, where the

By Gordon "Skid"Campbell three were standing, against the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936 berg. Now the iceberg was pushing stronger power held him—kept him paign. Despite the well prepared

the heavy freighter sidewise before throwing provisions and clothing attack it was doomed to failure beit much like a tugboat would push a across to the icy plateau with tremcause of the extreme fortification of chip. bling hands. Gaza and the British fell back, their

"Now's our chance, boys!"shout- "Careful with the ammunition,"morale broken while Kress Von

ed old Spike, leaping forward. barked old Spike in a steady voice. Kressenstein and his troops were

"Pitch things for that icy shelf there "Hurl it across with a sliding moexultant over the fact that they had while she's up close!"tion."twice repulsed the attacks of the

Bob and Dan leaped to obey. The The rifles and cases of canned E. E. F.

icy shelf was enormous, wide enough foods skidded along the slippery The British War Cabinet now refor a company of soldiers to camp plateau in all directions. solved on a change in leadership

on, and was almost on a level with "She's moving away!"Bob shoutand a new more aggressive policy

the Bonaza's deck. The outer edge ed, suddenly noticing that the nose of for their campaign. General Sir

of the shelf was so close that they the Banaza was swinging slowly but Edmund Allenby, the commander could have stepped off on it without surely away from the towering berg. of the Third Army who had just

the least difficulty. "Quick! Leap for it, boys!"yelled won a series of striking victories in

The closeness of the moving old Spike. "It's our only chance."France, was their choice. He asmountain caused a feeling akin to Bob and Dan needed no urging. sumed command on June 28th.

terror to take possession of Bob. They were instantly upon the rail General Allenby was a real soldier

Glancing about he saw that Dan's beside old Spike, leaping for the and student. He was well liked by

face was as white as a sheet. Bob's great icy shelf. all his men and his close personal

feet and legs cried out to run—to ( What happened to the two lads contact with them soon greatly inget as far away as possible from and Spike on their "Moving Mouncreased their morale. It has been

this appalling thing of majesty and tain"in a region of low temperatures stated that the Bible was his condestruction which towered above and polar bears will be told next stant companion as it was here he them to giddy heights. But a month. was able to obtain his most accurate

information concerning the land

When the Waters of himders theat 6:00battlethatseemedeveningdoomedwhen toto andmunicationits characteristics.by him he givesIn a greatcomfailure. Actually, however, the credit to MajorGeneral Murray for

the Nile Flowed Into troops had all gained their objectives his foresight in laying the standard

Palestine and the radio operator at Gaza had gage railway and pipe line bring- (Continued from page 77) gone so far as to blow up the radio ing the waters of the Nile into Palstation. The E. E. F. troops obeyed estine, upon which he, Allenby, later

a modern filtering plant was installed the orders and withdrew, each group built his successful organization.

which was capable of handling feeling that some other section had Acting under the guidance of 600,000 gallons of water a day. failed to gain its assignment. Lloyd George, who wanted to give

The construction of the railroad and When the exact situation was ascerJerusalem to British people as a pipe line continued uninterrupted tained, a renewed attack was ordered Christmas present, General Allenby with the exception of two minor but the TurkoGerman forces had set about preparing for the third battles at Rafa and Magdhaba in taken heart again, having received attack of the GazaBeersheba line.

which the E. E. F. were successful reinforcements, and the British About this time it will be rememand the Turkish force withdrew to troops were unable to retake the bered the United States was enterconcentrate its efforts along the ground they had once held. In April ing the World War and the general

GazaBeersheba lines. the railhead and pipe line reached morale of the allied troops was

miles point from 9 about a Gaza greatly improved. British reached decision by was A its construction operations on and in a in 1917, Turkey was Early prior time the to attack to Gaza temporarily pending held up were had of mind. frame Germany bad point, so that railheadthe reached troop movements. to ally's troops best for called her the contain attackthat the would attack a second Accordingly was against battles Russia fight and Fifteen surprise.vital of element launchThis ordered Gaza. on was cities four sacred Rumania. The troopstrains were of camels and first for 17th the April and ed on in the either rule of Turkish were from forwardorganized and moved tanks gas were time used by and in or enemies her of were hands set GeneralEl Arish Murray and in their Palestine British the CamJeru- over. taken of being danger ( point. this at post aup command new

On March 26th, 1917, the troops salem, Medina, Mecca, and Baghof the E. E. F. began their first atdad. ) Thus Turkey stood in a positack on Gaza under the cover of a tion to lose not only the war but

dense fog. It was all important that also her religious prestige (she acthe battle be successfully concluded tually lost this later). In order to

on the day it was launched in order counterbalance this feeling Germany to insure its success as water and sent General von Falkenburg to supplies were the determining feaassist the Turks.

tures since the troops were miles All this and the two previous failfrom the railhead. Due to the fact ures of the E. E. F. were considered

that General Murray was at El when Allenby planned the third atArish and completely out of touch tack on the GazaBeersheba line.

with the actual battle itself, one of To attack Gaza would be to lose his assistants issued withdrawal orthe element of surprise, as this was

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

the logical point in view of all past to revamp his whole army, changing line. The night before the attack

preparation. He, therefore, decided from camels and other desert equipwas launched there was a mere

to attack the eastern end of the line ment to donkeys and hill vehicles. handful of men at Deraa to turn on

at Beersheba. As in the battles of The first attempt to take Jerusalem the lights and operate the dummy

Gaza in order to insure the success proved unsuccessful because of the radio station.

of the venture the battle must be comfactors mentioned, namely, the terpleted on the day in which it was rain and weather. 'T'he battle was won before a shot

launched. All preparations at BeerThe second attack launched on was fired and now the entire

sheba were made under the cover of December 8th in a driving rain was Turkish force was completely disdarkness. British warships anchored carried to a successful conclusion, organized and in full retreat. The

outside of Gaza and every possible putting this half of the Turkish story of the march to Damascus plan to deceive the enemy as to the Army to rout in a panic, and and Allepo can be briefly stated.

real point of attack was used. Many Turkey had lost another of her reThe cavalry and mounted forces of

reinforcements were received and on ligious strongholds. the E. E. F. rode almost unhampered

Oct. 31, 1917, the attack was During this and subsequent operuntil they reached the northern point

launched and by the aid of a full ations Lawrence and the Arab on October 26, when an armistice moon, night marching of the troops mounted force were demolishing was signed.

was possible. On the night of the Turkish railroad centers and cities The tremendous task of this cam30th, some 40,000 troops moved up with amazing rapidity and skill. paign can only be appreciated when

to take their places. ( See Lawrence's Revolt in the Desit is recalled that it was necessary

ert.) to build a standard gage railroad

so completely'T'he were Turks miles pipe nearly line over and 200 that been Jerusalem had Now at surprised Beersheba of desert that the country; batand set his heart that in taken Lloyd on George

some of the cavalry charges by the the complete annihilation of the tle fronts covered over 500 miles in

E. E. F., there were no injuries Turkish force and after the railroad an air line in depth from the Suez

inflicted because of the fact that from the Nile caught up with the Canal to Allepo.

their infantry did not resetTurkish of losing her Turkey as a result advances, F. took up a the E. E.

rifle sights as the Cavalry came religious lost strongholds her presin position opposite the consolidated at close range. The bombardment TurkoGerman forces at line of tige and on October 29, 1923, a reof the stronghold at Gaza by the Deraa, Afule, Tell Kecam. public was set up under the leaderBritish navy was one of the most The plan of battle to be employed ship of Mustafa Kemal. After the

deceptive means employed in the here was exactly opposite that of revolution was completed, he issued battle since bombardment had been the third GazaBeersheba attack, an edict to prohibit the wearing of maintained with increasing intensity being to concentrate the main effort the fez or the veil, both of which since the 27th of October. The along the coast and not at Deraa. were religious and not merely incapture of Beersheba with its wells The deception used here is extimate garments of civil life. Thus

intact British decidthe by the was released 14,000,000 people were interesting. forces tremely The

factoring in the driven being Turks the superstitions from of Mohamthe under west were toward moved

Palestine.from

to tents medanism. of cover darkness occupy

The BeershebaGaza line was already set up. At the Deraa end The oppressed Jews from Gerbat- successive broken and bynow to migrating have Jerusalem many line activity of the extreme was

tles, the General Allenby drove friction since the caused with Arabs constructed huge camp shown—a full north, in having themTurks a time promise Palestine by and war to fly planes over allowed and enemyretreat the 5th 7th on Nov, and up a to the peninsula Arabian be was to observe. be and Troops were

Philistia.plains of promised the of land Arabs. The seen from marching northward Jeruline at to tried Turkish Jaffa still The fact, that the however, remains daily salem Deraa. towards Acprotect junction to the Jerusalem; returning are governare and Jews this tually forces the same made his followingbut advantage by British Jerusalem a under manto ing returned every day march and

split the Turkish AllenbyGeneral date. lorries. night BeJerusalem on by

it halfforce of the north to sending this results of have campaign The actual the attack fore place took River of theprotection the Ajua and thus far reaching. been Jerusalem fifteen horses thousand some dummy trie in seekingother half refuge at least to the over turned was picket placed were and on the made

Hills. This Nov. on wasJudean for dedicated which by it was lines to drag cause were and mules used

17th. sleds over the dusty plains to stimOrson Hyde in 1842 as a gathering

Following up Premier Lloyd ulate marching troops. The real place for the Jews. Prophecy has

George's request for the Christmas troops and horses having been conbeen fulfilled, as England was the present of Jerusalem, General Alcentrated on the west end of the force to stretch forth her arm of lenby sought the enemy in the political power and advance in the

Judean Hills, knowing how comfront ranks of this glorious enterpletely disorganized his enemy's prise. General Allenby, (Allah en

forces were. ( These were the same Nebi, the prophet of God), by the

hills where Richard the LionHeart- aid of the waters of the Nile flowing ed had hidden his face refusing to into Palestine, drove the Turks from look at a city he could not take.) Jerusalem.

Every advantage was with the deHistory in the making seldom fender and not the aggressor in this reveals its ultimate goal and it is hill country, and in addition the with deep reverence that we say God fall rainy season was setting in. It moves in a natural way His wonwas necessary for General Allenby ders to perform.

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Stuttering Approach to the Absolute 10,000 children in Philadelphia. Ten

the children of of Zero subsequently contracted Temperature improved even or beOtutterers may the disease five died. of the and None within have Ccientists approached stutterer the having cured speak by*T ten contracted the disease received who all all zero,.015 of absolute this negative In fours.while a walking on

full the three doses believed necessary 273.1 degrees centigrade, 459.7 or dethefours position of lack and rhythm

full for protection. scientists see Other grees Fahrenheit. zero in Dr. F. below decreased. speakingcoordination A in for these ten cases believing reason

in of University the inreport Oxford of 29, Simon Science, a 1#35, Nov. this unsafe. vaccine of Dr. Kolmer describes Scientific stuttering studied of of December Monthly casesstudy 24

at the University of Michigan last sumrecent results. Dr. W. H. Keesom of

mer in the laboratory of biolinguistics Leyden, Netherlands, was able to get The Depression and Mental gives this conclusion. As yet, no exwithin one degree centigrade, in 1932 Disease

planation of this phenomenon has been by reducing the pressure over liquid HPhe depression of itself has not led discovered. helium. Then Dr. Simon in Oxford, to any real increase in mental

Dr. Giauque in California, and Dr. de disease, in spite of the fact that it has

Driver's Own Reflex Act Th&ows Haas in Leiden took advantage of the undoubtedly increased mental stress

Car Out of Control fact that when a substance is magneand unhappiness."Dr. Carney Landis

it is heats. tized substance cooled as Institute the of Psychiatric York A New jolting occurs, the sudden a"VJThen possible helium, as then low with magreports. Hospital (Scientific and v "driver the that dominates impulse

it. strongly netized heats which The December, Monthly, 1935.)

is seat. in his himself to steady He is liquid helium, heat then with removed his conclusions on Dr. based Carney his the whole withgrasps wheel is the substance demagnetized beand the that records though which show

is stiffen as hisstrength, he arms and result colder as of demagneticomes a there great three a have been war and it. off alonglikely steer as the to road zation. zero to absolute according At crises during the past 22 economic forcibly are legs the the time sameAt the of theory molecules motion and rate years, the disease, mental of when

his feet pressedextended and down heat, or zero. atoms, be would directly corrected for factors to known hardhard, foot on pushing a down

it, affect constant. held remarkably has

result car the accelerator.the a As 16,000 Rotors Miles Whirl not, Insanity as suppopularly does of its at speed, highesttears out along an Hour is of follow, result posed, the not and

it hits or overuntil somethingcontrol "P\r. of the generally stress increased University of and mental a Beams J. W.turns.

tension. Virginia highhas a developed of Yale to Dr. Henderson According

rotor air driven device speed has which is inthis selfpreservingUniversity, a Anesthetics for the Teeth at of 16,000 a rim miles an speed hour instinct not that "could be eradicated this revolutions second. 21,000 a At "P\r. of L. L. Columbia Hartman of million anya years"amount by

is centrifugal force the speed produced after University has discovered safetytraining. a recommends He in million times of the excess seven "denearly research years twenty a foot clutch the locatedpedal where

gravity. force of (Science Let'News the sensitizer"that with does away rests hard pressednormally which when

tev, 30, 1935.) Nov. painful necessary sensations the during reflex foot clutch the the would onby

like the separator a cream Working drilling in can cavity before tooth a a off the the perhapsshut gas and blow is to separate designed chemical device filled. 6, (Science, be Dec. 1935.) cent perhorn. prevent 10 This would

for isotopes isotopes study. atom The injected into the Instead of being all accidents. serious automobileof

this (Science News Letter, Nov, 30, 1935.) elementsare differentandweightare importantatoms of theforsamethe colorlessnerves orliquidthe ispulpappliedof theto theteethdentin,

results analysis of the of atomic part the of the bulk hard forms whichExperiments on High Pressure cleardistintegration. effect painkilling teeth. of the Theat Harvard

rotor, limitation of four inch the The in a takes or place a minute minute and high with enormouslyExperiments strength is the spinning in a vacuum, to of half, minutes twenty from and lasts*—'to those fly pressures, comparable the material apart bewhich may afterunpleasant with an hour, no

found at the center of the earth are cause of the great centrifugal force. effects.

being performed at Harvard UniverFor safety scientists using it hide beIt will soon be placed on the market sity. {Science, Nov. 29, 1935.) These hind a barricade of wood planks and by Columbia University to whom

experiments may help to show how sand. patent rights have been assigned to

crystals be geologically formed may Value of Paralysis Vaccines prevent exploitation of the public. earth. in thedeep

Professor Bridgman squeezed maCcientists are divided on the value Glass Houses With Privacyterials at pressures up to 700,000 and safety of vaccines for infantile pounds a square inch, and twisted them paralysis it appears from discussions at Oeople who live in glass houses at the same time, causing dangerously the meeting of the American Public shouldn't throw stones"will be an violent explosions in celluloid and lead Health Association, Southern Branch. outworn adage when contractors popuand magnesium oxide. He also found (Science News Letter, Nov. 30, 1935.) larize the latest idea for homes. The

that rubber could be derubberized into Experiments with the dead virus vacnew houses of glass will be filled with a translucent hornlike material, paper cine in last summer's epidemic of insoft, diffused light, will not be exposed could be similarly transformed, and fantile paralysis in North Carolina and to public gaze, and will be unbreakable.

wood and cloth comparably changed. Virginia were disappointing because no Henry P. C. Keuls and Charles G.

The theory is that atoms and molecases developed. Further trials are Duffy are the inventors of a new

cules of substances might be made to contemplated, though some scientists method of fitting the glass panes into slide over one another while under high hold that dead virus vaccine cannot place. (Literary Digest, January 18,

pressures to new positions creating new produce immunity or resistance to in1936.)

materials. An attempt was made to fantile paralysis. The glass is shaped like tiles, about

change graphite into diamond by such Another kind of vaccine, made of six inches square and threeeighths of a change in structure. The change ocliving virus weakened by chemical and an inch thick. These tiles are snapped

cured but was not permanent. other treatment has been given to over into gripperlike frames.

Song of the Messiah The Romance of an Old The Prophets and Israel's

Playhouse Culture (By John G. Neihardt; The Mac- (By William Creighton Graham;

millan Company, New York; (George D. Pyper, The Seagull University of Chicago Press;

pp. 110; $1.50.) Press, 1928.) Chicago, 111.; $1.50.)

Ts there any reason why American rTlHE play's the thing,"said Hamlet "Deaders of The Improvement Era

A men—both Indians and white men-—A long ago. A modern Hamlet A were introduced to Dr. Graham by

should not loom large enough to conchanges the adage to read, "The playmeans of his article in the January stitute heroes for epic poems? It is house is the thing."Those of you who number—"The Jewish World in which

true that they did not wear "coal hods"are fortunate enough to own the book Jesus lived."This book, though small,

upon their backs or dress in "wash by Mr. Pyper, who holds the position is the sort of volume that should be

boilers"as one writer, in describing a of General Superintendent of all the on the desks of all those who really recent movie, has put it, but they did Sunday Schools of the Church of Jesus wish to understand the great prophets wear the same courageous hearts and Christ of Latterday Saints, will agree of the Bible and their messages to their the same sinews under their shirts that most heartily that The Romance of an own people of their own time.

were worn by heroes of old. The poet, Old Playhouse is a book to be prized Dr. Graham is an ardent student of

Neihardt, answers that first question for its very readable qualities as well as the early Hebrews and understands with his "Epic Cycle of the West"of its wealth of historical material. well their philosophy of life and its

which "The Song of the Messiah"is To Latterday Saints this volume relation to the philosophies of the peothe final volume. makes more vivid the rare qualities of ples with whom they were surrounded.

The poet has a lofty theme to deal the Pioneers, who in the midst of alCarl J. Furr, a student who knows Dr.

with and handles it in a satisfying most overpowering conditions still had Graham and his books, says: "He

manner although his verse is ordinary, the good sense to realize that there (Dr. Graham) cites many passages

as it probably should be. He has must be relaxation of a constructive from the Old Testament to substantiate

chosen the rhymed couplet for his sort if the strenuous days of their lives his thesis: that the basic philosophy of

vehicle and has remained true to his were to be endured. To those not of life of the Hebrews was that the topattern throughout, but his workmanour faith the book will serve as a testitality is a universe; that all of its parts

ship is so fine that the verse gains much monial of a great people, pioneers in are originally related; that no part may

in dignity and power through his drama and opera even as they were coerce the whole but may cooperate handling of the rhyme and the meter. pioneers in the great westward trek. with it; that whatever is antipersonal

This volume is probably a poet's The editors of The Improvement Era has no abiding place in a whole which book, but there are many who are not most heartily recommend your purchase is highly personal."

really poets who will enjoy it. of this worthwhile, readable book. This book is small in size, but it is

Mr. Neihardt is well known in this M. C. J. big in importance to the Biblical stuhistorical field both as a prose writer dent.—//. R. M.

and poet. His "Song of the Indian "The Return of a Victorious Mary Poppins Comes Back

of Glass""Song have andWars"Hugh Fleet"(P. L. Travers, Reynal and at favor both with the hands met much for (A Lament the Curtain of Hitchcock, 1935.) public. the of prose His volume—"The the Theatre) Salt Lake news! /*ood Poppins, the Mary magnificent a Splendid Wayfaring,"brief biography of Jedediah Strong By James Lloyd Woodruff Great Exception, has returned to

bring order to out of Banks'chaos the a splendid wayfarerSmith—]V7[ore subtle than the drama's pleasure to every and unmeasured rapt homepassed through Utah in 182627—iswho suspense, into is introduced. which she home well known. H. R. M. gripping borthe lawless, than More will husbands respond with Mr. Many

strife, his that Banks wife announced whenPublic glamorous Speaking—As Listeners Morerowed Poppins back, had come romance than the imMary "Has ItLike portray, loves aged... I she, will, indeed? perhaps Then

(Richard C. Borden, Harper More sentient with being than the too."

and Brothers, 1935.) mimic life: Mary Poppins Comes Back will

Old palaces by intrigue laden waters bring the family time back time and'T'o A Church of public speakers, this kissed, again the ageold with cry of "Tell book comes with rare good hope of Gay flags exultant, gracing every war me some more."Those who read with

inaccomplishing more effective mast, scarred work delight earlier the Poppins book Mary speaking.the field of public galleons, The Staunch proud victors in the will hail rejoicing with adthis new

dedication is itself a challenge: "This hard won fray, venture into the world of this truly renear-sighted to the is dedicated inbook Bring their holds the haunting, glormarkable Great Exception. M. C. /.

in the fifth past. row,gentleman ied who leans

slightly forward in his seat as you step The Bible is True out onto the speaker's platform. It is Breathless I wait the opening of im- (Sir Charles Marston, Eyre and

dedicated to your listener."agination's mart; Spottiswoode, 1935.)

Both the freshness of the point of In hushed expectancy I watch the curTn these days of scepticism and unview and the material used recommend tain rise; belief, such a book as The Bible Is

this book to you for your earnest sfludy Mirth, tragedy, the tearprovoking, True comes with welcome relief. Sir

as well as purchase. For those teachers studied art, Charles Marston, himself an archaeolof M Men classes as well as for the Seem alien profanations to my enamogist of renown, finds comfort in theM Men themselves the treatise will be ored eyes fact that each new excavation in and

of invaluable assistance. The organiPiercing the receding vistas shielding around countries connected with Bibzation of the book has made it a dewith their cloaks lical literature and history tends to

book.—Mcidedly readableC. /. and helpful handPassions,that farmadtimelove,so muchbarbarica part.hates, of prove the literal truth of—M.the Bible.C. /.

/aptain Blood ( Warner Bros.-First disillusionment. Bits of delicious comsincerity melothe of the engaging Thoroughgoing National) edy and of readers will our undoubtMost the best kind. give flavor to of the a pleasant: very The in the interested edly list of playersdrama be

picture is as vivid as Sabatini's imagithe ten best pictures of 1935 as anwhole.

nounced might check Time. by is richer You the filmnation. world The Dir.: Nichols, Cast: Jr. George list against the to see you many how the plays Flynn,for Errol young who Gilbert Phillips Shirley, Holmes, Anne attended well just and your how Irishchivalrous daredevil, of thepart Family. Erik Emery, Rhodes. coincides that of these with judgment re- a behind him hasman, and who judges. Century- (Twentieth Julia life Gentle of heritage a many andmarkable Copperfield 1. David

: love small Southern town Fox) adventure. oftypes A MetroGoldwyn-Mayer

tenderly story charmingly most and Sebatini. Rafael novel a by From 2. Lives of Lancer. a Bengal

Dir: Michael Curtiz. Cast: Errol Paramount told. The staging has an unusual,

Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, Lionel 3. The Informer RKO delicate quality, partly midVictorian,

Atwill, Basil Rathbone, Guy Kibbee, 4. Naughty Marietta partly just human. In short, a story

Ross Alexander, Henry Stephenson, MetroGoldwyn-Mayer with plenty of glad laughter. Little

Robert Barrat. Family. 5. Les Miserables United Artists Jane Withers does a fine piece of act-

6. of Ruggles Red Gap....Paramount terrible"a with "enfant as an Bros.-CosCeiling Zero Warner

7. Hat Top afpeople's for RKO inggenius pilots, mixing airmail up other: Veteran(mopolitan 8. of 1936 Broadway Melody

fairs. for the at thirtyfive,"old"make way MetroGoldwyn-Mayer

highly trained navigators of "blind 9. Roberta RKO Dir: John Blystone. Based on the

flying."An unusually well constructed 10. Anna Karenina novel by Booth Tarkington. Screen

play, intensely dramatic, skillfully diMetro-GoldwynMayer play by Lamar Trotti. Cast: Jane

acted.rected and

Dir.: Howard Hawks. From the JackieWithers,Searl,Tom FrancisBrown, Ford,MarshaGeorgeHunt,

Cast:stage play Frank by Wead. Hattie Family. McDaniel. Meeker, Dir.: the George Cokor. From O'Brien, Pat June Cagney,James novel Cast: by McKenzie. Compton Baldpate O.- K. to Seven Keys Irwin. (R. Stuart Isabel Jewel,Travis, Brian Katherine Aherne, Hepburn,

: in Lightly mystery played Radio) People.Adult and Young Grant, Natalie Cary Gwenn, Edmund insufficient author which young an G. of Pagans Last (M. the The Paley. people. Adults young and in: write a novel twentyhe can wagers ) chiefly distinguished pictureM. A Scrooge (Twickenham (English)—retires to four hours abandoned an and its Presentbeautiful photographs.by

: delightful English Paramount) A so. in to inn mountain conQuite do it life Polynesians, theing was among

classic, version the of Dickens "A is trast expects, quiet to the he he islands in seven during themade flavor Carol,"the Christmas of with plot, ininto catapulted dark a deep painstaking of Scenes work.months

fine Victorian England a and human visitors, strange each volving numerous life lashing ceremonies, native andof its in quality interpretation of the story inn, give private the to a with key who life fishing wildhurricanes, shark and its in sentimentality of touch which has lively night. a him of into the deftly romanceare woven universal appeal. yet a

girl. bits native Charming anda man Dir.: and Hamilton Edward W. Dir.: Sir Cast: Henry Edwards.

lovely haunting music andof humor, Kelly. the Earl novel Derr by From Hicks, Calthrop, Seymour Donald the of the elements blendphotography, Biggers. Cast: Raymond, Gene Glynn. Cochran, Robert Family. Mary

life of effective mirroring intostory an Blore, Eric Callahan, Margaret Henry Bride (ParaComes The Home people. simple, primitive theseamong Travers. Family.: piece of This amusing nonmount)

Original Dir.: Thorpe. Richard is guileless sense presented such with of Saddle (Warner Song the Cast: Farrow. playscreen by John it hilarthat brings naivete and charm: ) oldfashioned western Bros. good A (players apLong Lotus whoMala its ious absurdities. laughter through in of a covered days which wagon all native in and "Eskimo")peared Idyllic interhigh are romance, comedy is featured. singing cowboycast. Family. rollicking slapstick spersed with a and

Mister Hobo ( GaumontBritish- few sane moments, with a seasoning of Dir.: Louis Kinq. Cast: Dick

Fox): George Arliss acts the caresatire. Credit is largely due to the Foran, Alma Lloyd, Charles Middleton.

free tramp who asks nothing of life whimsey with which the leading playFamily.

of sunexcept a bit bread and the on ers interpret roles. the mad, merry Night's Dream A Midsummer

likes course,his of one back. And, ): Dir.: Ruggles. a film Wesley From Bros. of unusual Warner A

is pseudoArliss or hobo he whether story Elizabeth Holding. Cast: by artistic that educational( worth and

banker, though the story is rather thin Claudette Colbert, Fred MacMurray, merits the support of those community and improbable. Robert Young, Wm. Collier, Sr. Adults leaders who wish to see the best in the

Dir.: Milton Rosmer. From the and young people. literary and musical world in the cinstory by Paul Lafitte. Cast: George The Calling of Dan Matthews ema. The production is a beautiful

Arliss, Gene Gerrard, Frank Collier, (LesserColumbia): Cleaning up a combination of Shakespeare and MenPatrick Knowles, Viola Keats, George vice in a city entertainment resort by delsshon. Its unbelievable fantasy, its

Hayes, Henrietta Watson, Mary Clare. a young minister. The once wellmoonbeams and fairies, its famous

Family. known story is modernized in setting. Shakespearian characters of Puck, of

is artificiality a certain to There Sylvia K. O.-Radio) Scarlett (R. the the Joiner, the Bottom, Snug, Weaver, production. a adventures ofEnglish French man: their fellows rehearse and their who Dir.: Phil Rosen. novel From the in a traveling his daughter show.and

Miss Hepburn does one of the finest by Harold Bell Wright. Cast: Richplay in the forest, all of the delicious

pieces of acting in her already fine ard Arlen, Charlotte Wynters, Doughumor and delicacy of A Midsummer with combined MenDream lass Dumbrille. Adults and young Night's graappealing,career—manysided,

people. delsshon's music, are factors immortalcious course, one does and lovable. Of

not lose a chance to see such excellent Chatterbox (R. K. O.-Radio): A which contribute to the interest of this

actors as the leads. gentle comedy of romantic dreams and astounding photoplay. Family.

HOW TO CURE THE CIGARET Ward Teacher's Message for March, 1936 HABIT

Law Observance Savior.'... Book of Mormon teach- D. H. Kress, M. D.

ings concerning the duty of the people "The first step in giving up the cigaret "We believe in being subject to kings, as subjects of the law of the land are is to give it up. Many fail because they

presidents, rulers and magistrates, in honabundant throughout the volume.... never really reach this point.

oring, obeying and sustaining the law."—a tobaccofrom smokers and "Keep away the "Latterday revelation requires of

Article of Faith.Twelfth possible as as far atmosphere smokeladen saints strict dispensation in the present

for three meal, After each about weeks. allegiance civil laws. to In the a Articles Elder of Faith by theTn the rinse a out with mouth week

1, revelation the dated 1831, August nitrate. silver of solution cent per one the Talmage, read E. James we for% ofone said to 'Let the Church: folLord no man for distaste smoke, creates tobacco a This of service "Religion, tolowing: be

and worthy of acceptance, must be of break the laws of the land, for he that and will relieve throat irritation.

the keepeth of laws hath no need God the lives in influence andwholesome five cents'"Purchase worth of gentian the land'."to break the of laws

... root adherents. of its (or camomile blossoms)temporal affairs and chew

The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterFurther, the divine instructions given it during the day when the desire to smoke day Saints makes emphatic declaration by revelation August 6, 1833 (D. & C. appears.

in 98:4-7), kept should mind: "Verbe its regarding beliefs preceptsof and assist in eliminating take the "To poison

ily concerning I say the unto laws you a dose of composed of its a teaspoonful the lawsthe duty members toward each it is will of land, that the people my my of salts rochelle tartar of and cream each its position sustains land theof and by

I all things should observe whatsoever before for morning breakfast one week. in specific revelation ofthe authority

If that the possible them. take of bath, a Turkish command law or a good And.. times. inancient present as Our

of kind, bath sweat during is twice constitutional, some land supporting which life earthSavior's.marked on was first the weeks. water, two Drink orange principle that in of maintaining freedom ofthroughout His acknowledgment by juice grapefruit freely. juice or rights all privileges, belongs to and land, the existing of boththe powers in air out the as "Keep open as much is justifiable mankind, before me. and the though even Roman, andJewish possible. the occupied. mind Keep

I, justify Therefore, the Lord, you, and cruel conquest,latter been had by won will greatest in aid found be a "The brethren in of your beChurch, my... unjustly. exercised wereand dietic of habits. are change fond Smokers is friending that constithe law which

of highly seasoned foods and stimulating letter teaches Paul "In to Timothy, a tutional land; the of law And as perdrinks. saints, the inthat kings of the prayers is taining to of law man, whatsoever

and all in authority should be rememmore or less than this cometh of evil.""It is necessary to give up the use of

bered, adding that such remembrance is In the light of the teachings of the pepper, mustard, the free use of salt and 'Ipleasing of in the sight God: obligation are under to exhort Church we obmeats.coffee and tea, and also the free use of

first supplithat, of all, serve the of the nation lawsyou therefore, under cations, prayers, intercessions, and which we live. Observance of just "The following diet will be found of

giving of thanks, be made for all that laws promotes, mutually, the welfare the greatest aid. If followed carefully,

the will discovery be made, the of end by all. in that lead authority;are a of Failure so brings reproach may to do we

first the that week, the craving materialhas all life in godlinessquiet peaceable the sorrow, and upon Church, tragedy and ly lessened the and third of the end by is this achonesty. to sometimes innocent. good the death For andand To it is not find week to unusual the that

ceptable in the sight of God, our obey the law is part of our religion. craving has almost entirely disappeared.

With this assurance held out, the effort is certainly worth a trial.

Word of Wisdom Anniversary cure, which has been in successful use "For a period of two or three weeks for several years, gives striking conmake use of cereal foods, as shredded wheat "Cebruary 27, 1936, will mark the firmation of many other features of the biscuits, bran flakes, krumbles, puffed wheat, revelation the of anniversary bread, 103rd whole or wheat rye bread, graham of suggesting them by Word Wisdom etc., It with milk buttermilk, cotcream, and of as the Wisdom.known Word it in aids as curing the habit tobacco

cheese, tage nuts (well masticated). At in 1833. to Smith given Josephwas is especially the here. published Note the of close the fresh use subacid meal it yearsAfter than hundred one more suggestions for the tea, avoidance of fruits, oranges, as pears, peaches, apples,

is acknowland widely accepted today coffee, highly foods, seasoned stimulatpineapples, grapefruit. Figs* dates and

is rule as a health ofedged model and ing raisins, fruits drinks apple free the sauce are and canned and use of meat.

commended by medical and diet auNote, on the other hand the recomindicated. Highly seasoned foods and stimthorities both in and out of the Church. mendation of the use of grains, fruits, ulating drinks should be avoided.

Its positive negative are teachings and fruit juices, milk, cream, butter and patient for had used "A tobacco who asrecognized to health guides hapand nuts. of these study fortytwo years, this recommendaadopting treatment A

strikingpiness. the confirmation of A for three tions months, this wrote: of noted 'It seems wonderphysician should

Word of Wisdom has come from one increase the testimony of any openful to me that I now have no craving for of America's noted physicians. minded person in the divinity and value tobacco or drink.'

Dr. D. H. Kress, chief physician of of the Word of Wisdom. "Another writes: 'I am glad to say I

a large hospital at Tacoma Park, have not used tobacco in any form for

Washington, D. C, a nonMormon, has three weeks and have no desire for it.'

specialized for many years in the effects THE LANE Still another, after four weeks, says: 'The

desire for entirely smoking has disappeared. body.of tobacco upon As the human Gertrude By McCarthy Hood I increased in have considerand is in his strong hea result denunciastrength. in ably clearer, mind is not Myweight doesn't wind, its evilstion of has done and a great

I I being doped. exceedingly glad am It r[t cannot boast a tree, in prevention both of cure andwork quit.'

find will you And habit.the tobacco

victory curve draws beauty there; has ever been without No graceful "No won

conflict it will lead is Dr. Kress has developed a cure for But us safely a and fight. aid Divine home promthe tobacco habit, as a result of his At any time ised those who strive lawfully and victory

many years of study. Because this From anywhere. is assured."

Teaching Gospel Truth they might learn their lesson. In a dom to enlarge upon the text, yet such

revelation given in May, 1831, he reaenlargement must be in keeping with and "Knowledge wisdom disas under one Elders the soned with man Gospel the of principles the one, from being Far clearly get another. reasons with To cussion. oft times no Have let this quote us a reasoning us before years hundred one after over Today, revelation: of the connection."—Cowper. portion the from truth coming restored of

'T'.he early Elders of the Church were "Now when a man reasoneth he is unthrone of God, there is no justification

gathered out of the world where derstood of man, because he reasoneth as for discussion of doubtful theories and they had been trained in the traditions a man; even so* will I, the Lord, reason with false traditions and philosophy which

that understand. you you may the of fulness the conflict with in Christianity. of corrupted are and doctrines

I the ask Lord "Wherefore, you Even revealed. been it has as into the they they this Gospel Church cameWhen ordained? were ye what question—unto are if they thoughts, less wholesome of brought or with them good more much Spirit, the gospel preach by "To my deto tend only lesson, to the this training faulty the foreign even with which forth sent the Comforter which even was

inspirational guidance of the Holy to teach the truth. tract attention and to weaken the points

Spirit it took time to eradicate. The "And then received ye spirits which ye at issue when they are presented. In

Lord gave to the Church line upon line could not understand, and received them all these matters let us seek the guidance and precept upon precept as the Saints to be of God; and in this are ye justified? of the Spirit of truth, keeping in mind

this question shall answer "Behold ye the to as commandment given in February, the truth prepared receivewere merciful be nevertheless, yourselves;

1831. manifest in Gospel. the restoredmade you that is weakI will among you; he unto

Although the continuous revelation hereafter shall be made strong. In many study classes there will be

which came through the Prophet Joseph "Verily I say unto you, he that is orfound one or two members who delight the hearts, forth received glad to preachSmith sent with was of and dained me in and argument doubtful in presenting in the Comforter, the truth of restored the acby knowledge wordand was mysteries. These membringing up

it the preach truth, by he doth Spirit of tradition yet thecepted, accumuand their display to desire it appears, bers, other truth of way? Spirit or somelated centuries teachings of darkof the is it but ability wisdom, superior and is it if other way some it be by "And left like theirness habit stamp upon had but of wisdom, manifestation a seldom of God. not of early ofthe those minds many memfool- truth. All the divine receiveth word of ignorance that of again, he "And

bers. this All of to overcome, be had Spirit it the receive by There avoided. truth, he doth of be ish should discussion

time overcome byand it was in other truth way? the of or some

influenceenlightening of the other Holy "If it be some way it is not of areanswered,many andquestionseven ifwhichthey couldcannottherebe

Spirit. God. if they gained advantage be no would

it cannot is that ye "Therefore, why in as soon baptized were men As hearkhad Elders the who To rewere. that that he know, understand and early ordained theythose days were after they spirit other to ened some truth of Spirit the the by ceiveth word zeal, at sent to out Their preach.and teach, Lord the to out sent Spirit the had been it is preached by it as receiveth theirtimes, greater than knowlwas this in beauinstruction his continued truth? of

edge. They meant well but were ham- "Wherefore, he that preacheth and he tiful soulinspiring promise:

pered by the ball and chain of tradition that receiveth, understand one another, and and accumulated doctrines of men both are edified and rejoice together. "That which is of God is light; and he

which were still attached to them. In "And that which doth not edify is not of that receiveth light, and continueth in God,

February, 1831, the Lord gave his law God, and is darkness."—D. and C. 50:12receiveth more light; and that light groweth

until dag."the perfect 23. said: theunto he Church in which

50:24. and andC brighter of—D.brighter attention it has come to the Now, it shall that "Again, unto you, I say

that in some Authorities General President F. Smith has given forth to the to Joseph givennot one be to any go

preach my gospel, or to build up my church, of the Gospel Doctrine classes and this very wise and timely counsel:

except he be ordained by some one who Priesthood Quorum meetings, matters has authority, and it is known to the church foreign to these lessons have entered "The knowledge of truth, combined with it its for proper regard faithful and obit isthat authority expecthe been has has and While discussion. the reguinto

servance, constitutes true education. The of church.larly the the ordained heads by those who and teacher class the that ed stuffing the of mere with a mind knowledge elders, teachpriests again, the and "And freethe will have parts assigned are is facts of education. not mind must The shall principles this theers teach church of

of my gospel, which are in the Bible and not only possess a knowledge of truth, but the Book of Mormon, in the which is the the soul must revere it, cherish it, love it fulness of the gospel. INDULGENCE as a priceless gem; and this human life

the covenants shall observe they "And By Alice Facer mustto fulfillbe guidedits destiny.and shapedThe mindby itshouldin ordernot articles and these church to do them,and

intelligence, dimly lit only with be charged the the but room is their teachings,shall be as they shall be TONIGHT lights admiration soul should be filled with and endearing Spirit. thedirected With soft by

which comes of the Spirit unto given shall be you And "And * * * the prayer receive and of faith:by if ye Onallthosethe rememberedtreasures I havenightsfound desirea knowledgefor pureof intelligencethe truth.

time, yourself for only but not "Educate shall Spirit teach. thenot not ye

here about close me I gather eternity. for also latter of the two The all this shall to observe do as ye "And

bit a weep and muse And is important."the more teachconcerning yourI have commanded trail mem'ry's travel fondly is And untiling, fulness scriptures of the my lit. lights are while Tonight ourselves, educate might so That we 42:1115,given."—D. C. and

Tomorrow I shall close the door every adult member of the Church

With this admonition and commandAnd calmly turn the key; should take advantage of the opporment they went out to preach the Gos- I'll leave inside all sighs, all tears, tunity afforded in the instruction given

pel but some of them fell back upon All smiles—all memory. in the Gospel Doctrine Class, and the

their former teachings received before Tomorrow I shall lock the door brethren holding the Priesthood should the fulness of the Gospel came. The And throw the key away; avail themselves of the additional opLord was patient with them, yet he And may you hear the echoed sound portunity afforded in the quorum and

found it necessary to rebuke them that Across the dim, blue way. activity meetings.

Aaronic Priesthood in 1936 Tools for Supervisors There should be twentyfour Teachers

A complete set of new publications, Just as a good workman has good toof theformmembersa completeformingquorum,the presidency.with three

*r including manuals for all quorums, tools, it is urged that supervisors secure (See Doctrine and Covenants, 20:56;

roll books, and reports, has been pubthe best tools possible for their work. 84:30, 111; 107:62, 86.)

forlished manuals, this year has been quorum disThe and roll books, practically receive Priests.—Priests reports,tributed monthly the throughout Church. the standard The Priestworks the Aaronic full authority of the

publicationsManual—Theinclude:Deacon and his Priestofotherthebooks,Churchsuchandas whereThe Articlesavailableof hood.of the bishopric,They may,beunderappointedthe directionto perhood.Manual—The Teacher and his StudiesFaith byin PriesthoodElder Jamesby ElderE. Talmage,John A. ment,form baptisms,and lay onadministerhands andthe Sacraordain

Priesthood.Manual—The Priest and his PriestWidtsoeand Notesandon ChurchThe LesserGovernmentPriesthoodby otherThey arePriests,calledTeachersto "preach,and teach,Deacons.exhood.Manual—For Adult Aaronic PriestJosephcarryingB.onKeelerthis workare allsuccessfully.important in pound,of eachexhortmember,...andandexhortvisit thethemhouseto

hood Instructors. Study of Priesthood Feature pray vocally and in secret and attend

Roll for Deacons'Quorums. Book

for Teachers'Roll Book Quorums. for 1936 toCovenants,all family20:46,duties."47.) (Doctrine and

Roll Book for Priests'Quorums. HThe importance of every member of Priests are authorized to conduct

Roll Book for Adult Aaronic Priestthe Aaronic Priesthood knowing meetings in the absence of those of hood Classes. and understanding the fundamentals of higher authority. With such authority Reports—Monthly Reports for the Priesthood plan and of extending and responsibility, the Priests need to

WardReports—MonthlyCommittees. Reports for Stake everying as possiblethey progresshelp to inthemthe inPriesthooddevelopapproachhumility, theseand prayerfulness.duties in all seriousness,A comCommittees. is one of the outstanding features of the plete quorum of Priests consists of

The manuals and reports are being Aaronic Priesthood manuals for 1936. fortyeight members, presided over by

distributed from the office of the PrePractically the entire month of Februthe bishop. (See also Doctrine and

siding Bishopric. The price of the ary is to be devoted in all quorums to Covenants, 20:49; 84:107, 111; 107:61,

manuals is ten cents each. The roll a study of the meaning, history and 87, 88.)

books are being distributed as in the functions of Priesthood. In connection Bishops.—The office of Bishop, like

past, from the Deseret Book Company. with the manual material the following that of Elder, is a necessary appendage

The new price is fifty cents each. will be helpful to supervisors and quobelonging to the High Priesthood. BishEach of the manuals contains in adrum members alike: ops are ordinarily ordained High

dition to the topics for consideration Deacons.—Deacons are primarily asPriests also, since High Priests have

on each of the fiftytwo Sundays of sistants to the Teachers, Priests, and the authority to officiate in all lesser the year, suggestions and information those of the Melchizedek Priesthood in offices. The firstborn among literal defor bishoprics and supervisors and a their duties. It is their opportunity to scendants of Aaron have a legal right

complete program for the entire year. be learning of the duties and authority to the bishopric, if they can prove their

They also contain complete texts of of the higher offices of the Priesthood, lineage, and are designated, found the Articles of Faith, Ten Commandwhile assisting. They have no parworthy and ordained by the First Presments, Word of Wisdom, revelations ticular authority to perform ordinances idency. The Bishop presides over the

covering the duties of all quorums of or to carry responsibility directly; Aaronic Priesthood. He has to do

the Aaronic Priesthood, and an abunthese come later. But in the performwith temporal things of the Church.

dance of material pertaining to the duance of the duties in which they are He has two counselors who are High ties of members. authorized to assist, therefore, they Priests. They together form the bishNew features of the program inshould be very observant and willing. opric. The Bishop is called "the father clude: A quorum of Deacons, consists of of the ward."He presides over all of

of twelve members, form which three the his as members such in ward. He Standard The Quorum Award.

the presidency. Doctrine ( See and sit Israel,"is a Cov "judge in his to with The Quorum Calendar.

The Quorum Scrap Book. Covenants, 20:57; 84:30; 84:111; 107: counselors as a Bishop's Court in cases

The Personal Record of Book of Re85.) of transgression. (See Doctrine and membrance. Teachers.—Teachers are charged Covenants, 41:9; 42:10, 31, 7173; 68: The Quarterly Quorum Review with one great responsibility—that of 1421; 72: 2-26; 84:29, 112; 107:15,

Meeting. watching over the Church always; be72, 74, 76,87, 88.)

The presentation of Certificates of ing with and strengthening them; enOrdination. couraging them to avoid evil speaking, Adult Aaronic Priesthood

Each of these features is set forth in scandal and iniquity, by teaching and Classes to be Urged in 1936 setting that seeing example; a good detail in definite sugthe manuals and are names whose all "D often, together that they meet and esponsibility—All for gestions are the development made

listed the records as being on ward their duty. In the absence members do interest of in them. quorum

rePriesthood, of the Aaronic members authority, of higher they of members

Fundamentals are Stressed are to take the lead of meetings. But gardless of age, are the responsibility

neither Teachers nor Deacons have auof the officers of the Aaronic PriestIn the entire program for the year, thority to baptize, administer the Sachood in the Stakes and Wards.

fundamentals o f Priesthood are rament, or lay on hands. They can, Organization—Ward—It is sugstressed. The duties of members, the of course, assist the Priest or others of gested,—and the experience of leadduties of quorums, the principles of higher authority to some extent in cering wards in this work indicate that the

Priesthood as applied to the lives of tain of these ordinances. They, also, plan is practicable—that in each ward

members and definite training in the should carefully observe, and manifest an additional supervisor of Aaronic functions of Priesthood form the promptness. in their duties in order to Priesthood be selected and assigned to

foundations of the program. qualify for higher responsibilities. the adult group. At least one assistant

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

supervisor and a class teacher are also purpose of reviving interest in Church proper habits and be able to cope with recommended. If desired, additional work and, in some cases of older men, problems of many types. A spirit of

supervisors may be appointed, the of bringing about a reconversion. This tolerance, patience and brotherly love

group to form an Adult Aaronic Priestmissionary work may require several is necessary on the part of those who hood committee. In several wards all weeks or even months to lay a foundamake the visits and conduct the class.

or part of the additional supervisors tion that will insure the success of the Many of these men have made mistakes are themselves members of the Adult class. In some wards attempts to form and will require a great deal of help

Aaronic Priesthood group. In some classes have failed largely because the to overcome their difficulties.

classes committees of the members are necessary preliminary work was not Notwithstanding these requirements appointed for various phases of the done. for success in such a class, a great many

work.Organization—Stake—It is recomingBecausemen whoof thehaveconditionsnot been surroundactive in wardson successfulof the Churchclasses areand nowrenewingcarryinginmended that the supervision of this the Church for many years, more than terest and activity on the part of hunwork in the stake be assigned to the a phone call, a letter or even a personal dreds of men.

regular Aaronic Priesthood Committee invitation, is necessary to get them to

President Clark Warns Against of of its the spiritual the attend. but thatas one phase work, A rekindling Destructive Doctrines It is cases. definite fire is necessary to give it in most be urgedmembers and

regular supervision, the same as any therefore urged that the preliminary 'T'here are abroad among us, men, and other responsibility assigned to them. missionary work be done carefully and women also, who are preaching

The Plan—Many plans have been thoroughly. Every person whose name doctrines that are destructive of the

tried throughout the Church in an effort is on the list should be visited. One very fiber of our civilization. I hear

to arouse the interest of men who are can never tell which members will renow and again, and here and there, the still members of the Aaronic Priestspond most readily. Where visiting is doctrine of "free love."There are

hood. Missionary work among them done in pairs results have been most those among you who would teach your

has been carried on by Elders'quosatisfactory. children that the sexual desire is like

rums, by specially appointed missionTime of Meeting. The time of any other biological desire, as hunger

aries and by definite assignment to each meeting should be set to meet the deand thirst, and should be indulged in of the quorums of the Melchizedek sires and convenience of the members. with as little restraint and control as

Priesthood of one grade of Aaronic In the majority of cases best results are we eat and drink. Nothing baser has

Priesthood members—those who are being secured where the meeting is held been conceived by Satan than this docPriests, Teachers or Deacons. None separately from any other organization trine.

of these plans has succeeded to any or group. Many prospective members Brothers and sisters, watch your fammarked degree merely because of cerof the class are backward in religious ilies, your children. Teach them, honor

tain conditions which have been overmatters. These men would gladly join them, lead them away from this tercome to a great extent in this new plan, such a class if they were assured there rible sin. I was taught by my parents

which has proved its value and effectwould be no embarrassment, especially that they would rather carry me to the iveness in wards of various sizes and at the beginning. It is therefore suggrave than that I should lose my virtue,

in widely scattered areas of the Church. gested that a time be set, preferably and I thank God for that teaching.

The plan now recommended as being an evening, when no other groups will Until we come to that teaching, until the most effective approach to a solube encountered going to or coming that is the feeling and the thought of tion of this problem and which has from the meeting place. When the the Latterday Saints, lust will stalk

already been responsible for bringing group meets it should be permitted to among us and take his toll.

into renewed activity a great many select its own meeting time.

members of this adult group, is to orSelection of the Instructor—One of The Laws of God Immutable

ganize in each ward an adult Aaronic the most important steps in the plan There is sometimes a cry among our

Priesthood class. In small communis the selection of the instructor. A young people for a loosening of our

ities two or more wards may organize review of the lesson outline will indistandards. They tell us that our stan-

a joint class where conditions are favorcate that the instructor, to be successdards are too high, and the Church able. To this class should be invited all ful, must be willing to devote himself, must abate them. My brothers and

members of the Aaronic Priesthood of religiously, to his work and that he must sisters, my young people, the Church the ward who are over 18 years of have ability to teach in an effective cannot change the laws of God. They

age and inactive. Where Priests are manner. For obvious reasons the instand immutable. We may change the

over 1 8 and still active, best results will structor should be a man of tact and rules; we may say that a drunkard may

doubtless be obtained by leaving them diplomacy. Such subjects as the Word go into the temple; we may say that a

as they are. The adult class is intendof Wisdom and tithing have been purblasphemer may go into the temple;

ed primarily for those who are over 18 posely placed well along in the course we may say that he who drinks tea and and inactive. in order to permit of the creation of coffee may go into the temple. These

Preliminary Plans—Before an atinterest and the development of faith rules we may change. But we cannot

tempt is made to form the class, the before they are presented. No other change the biological law that he who

supervisor, his assistants and the class group in the Church requires such skill uses narcotics must pay the penalty instructor should meet and study the and ingenuity on the part of the insomehow, somewhere, sometime—he

situation thoroughly. The names of structor to insure success. himself or his children or his children's

all adults in the ward who still hold the It is urged, therefore, that the best children. And this is the tragedy and

Aaronic Priesthood should be obtained person available for the position be the curse of disobeying nature's laws from the ward records and additional selected. He should be sympathetic and God's laws. Remember what

names secured, if possible, of others with those who must overcome imBrother Salzner said recently: in

living in the ward. Several meetings that great institution in Germany sixtywill doubtless be necessary to consider five per cent of the epileptics owe their

the names of prospective members of epilepsy to the use of alcohol by some the class, determine the best methods of their forefathers.of approaching each and getting the We Stand for My brothers and sisters, let us

procedure and plan of the class lessons awaken. Let us bring into our hearts

in mind. Spirituality and the Gospel. Let us live it, for if we

Having done this, the actual formado God will surely bless us. Presidenttion of the class should be preceded by Happiness in the Home J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Conference Ad-

a definite missionary campaign for the dress.

.:

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M. I.FOX,A. ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

CANNON, GEORGE Q. MORRIS LUCY GRANT

L. A. BEESLEY, CLARISSA FRANKLIN WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A.

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING ELSIE BOGAN VAN NOY,

Executive Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Secretary

Send all Correspondence to Cdmmittees Direct to General Offices

Athletics For Girls grandsons(Abegg) Huber,of John picturedJacob andhere.ElizabethThe

TTo all those who may be directing mend a careful study of the Platform boys, reading from left to right, Law- "* physical activities for M. I. A. of the Women's Division National rence E., Rey A., Don W., and O.

groups or who may have influence with Amateur Athletic Federation Waldo Huber met together for the first directors of athletics for girls we recomtime in the SwissGerman Mission.

John Jacob and Elizabeth (Abegg)

Platform Huber, seventyfive years ago heard the

The Women's Division, National ical examinations and medical "followgospel plan from the missionaries laAmateur Federation of America aims up"as a basis for participation in boring in Switzerland, were baptized to: athletic competition, and a system of into the Church, much against the

1. Promote such programs of athsupervision that shall assure a reasonwishes of their parents, and came to

letic activities for all girls and women able and sane attitude toward particiUtah. After much suffering and many

as shall meet their needs, and as shall pation in activities at times of temhardships they settled in Payson, Utah.

stimulate interest in activities that are porary physical unfitness. Lawrence and Don Huber are the

suited to all ages and capacities. 10. Protect athletic activities for sons of Emil F. and Ernest A. Huber

2. Promote competition that stresses girls and women from the dangers atwho reside in Salt Lake City, Utah,

enjoyment of sport and the developtendant upon competition that involves and Rey and Waldo, the sons of Arment of good sportsmanship and chartravel, and from their commercializanold C. and J. J. Huber of Mesa, Ariacter rather than those types that emtion by interest in gate receipts. zona.

phasize the making and breaking of 1 1 Promote the general adoption of Through the kindness of Francis records and the winning of championapproved rules for conduct of athletics Salzner, who was then President of ships for the enjoyment of spectators and games for girls and women. the Mission, the four boys were given

or for the athletic reputation or com12. Promote the study of existing the privilege of visiting the old home

mercial advantage of institutions and rules of all sports to the end that they of their grandparents in Elsau, organizations. may be changed to meet the specific Switzerland, which they found still

their standing. greeted were They by of girls State needs women. and Utah 3. in interest for Promote awards fathers'uncle, dethe only was who ChairStewart, Committee-—Charlotte littleathletic that accomplishment have their of grandfather's parents scendant Katherine Bronson, Alice G. man, O. intrinsic value.or no bearing the of had Huber name who Carlisle, Bernice ]eppMoss, Wilma

4. that educational publicity Promote in Europe, indeed he remained and was son, Edvenia Jeppson.

its the sportplaces emphasis upon and fine to these meet happy young men values rather than upon the competiand know that they would carry on tors. his name.

5. Promote the use of suitable cosThe accompanying picture was taken

tumes for athletic activities. (Coswhen the four boys met at the Stutttumes should be modest and suitable gart Conference, May 5, 1935.

for the activity engaged in. If it is

necessary "shorts"they to wear should "Our Mission Parents"* to the knee.)extend nearly

6. Promote the provision of sanitary I'll go where you want me to go, dear

and adequate environment and facilities Lord...."

for athletic activities. Real Latterday Saints don't only

7. Promote the appointment of adesing the above cited words, but are also

quate time allotment for a physical eduready "to go"when they are called by cation program such as shall meet the the Lord through His authorized servneeds of the various age groups for ants here on earth.

growth, development and the mainPresident and Sister Hugo D. E.

tenance of physical fitness. Peterson, even though they had taken

8. Promote the training and employseveral steps in the "seventies,"were

ment of women administrators, leadready to obey the call of the First ers and officials who are qualified to Presidency to fill another mission in assume full responsibility for the physSweden as the Mission Parents. Withical education and recreation of girls The Hubers—Missionaries out doubt, it was very hard for them

and women. (Men should not coach Left to right: Lawrence B.; Rey to leave their dear children and friends

or officiate in girls'competitive activ- A; Don W,; O. Waldo. at home, but still they were glad and

for to their thankful Father Heavenlyities.

to live so that them they were 9. )Protect the health of girls and "Darely, if ever, has a situation prehelping

fillwomen through the promotion of medsented itself when the posterity of healthy and strong and worthy to one family has been so completely repsuch a high and responsible calling.

* Parentheses are comments of the Genresented in the Mission Field at the In true execution of their duties, our eral Board. same time, as in the case of the four Mission Parents have always set a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

in the to us theworthy edition example through past of and honorable the Book of Mormon life-—and

his saints, friendsas missionaries, to the while night—yes,for continued language to ask guidance and on this, Swedish

and investigators. They have arisen blessings. third mission. A few years before

each morning early and with thankful They have led in the missionary being called to be Mission President, hearts, knelt in company with missionstudy circle, seeking earnestly to fill he assisted Elder J. M. Sjodahl in its

ary companions before the Lord to their minds with the lifeenriching translation.

thank Him for His goodness through truths of Mormonism. Many necessary repairs have been

Sunshine and happiness, wisdom and made in the Mission buildings during a determination to live more efficiently the past year, which have called for in accordance with the Gospel teachcareful deliberation in order that the ings, are always radiated from these best job might be done for the least good silverhaired Latterday Saints, money. President Peterson has always

in meetings, both public and private, in handled the Church's means with as friendly discussions with friends and much or even more scrutiny than his in their work at the office. own.

Our allwise Father in Heaven Perhaps the greatest and most praiseknows and directs things here on earth worthy characteristic these willing for the best as far as people will accept workers have is their devotion to each and follow his teachings. He inspires other, the Church and its leaders. DurHis servants and calls different men to ing the year and a half I have been in

fill different positions as they are best personal contact with President Petersuited. son, I have never seen him overstep

President Peterson has the honor and his "bounds."He has always taken

credit of having published the third counsel with the brethren over him.

Their suggestions and advice have

President and Sister Hugo D. E. been carefully considered and followed

Peterson, "Our Mission Paras closely as possible. In these men,

ents."Sent in by Aaron leaders, President Peterson G. our Church Nelson, Stockholm, Sweden. great calling his wife see the and and

divine power of the Priesthood. The Sweden's First M MenGleaner spontaneous, upwelling and outpouring

Banquet, Swedish Mission. of their affections and reverence for the

Church leaders, even though many a

Gold and Green Ball of Bear mile separates them, evidence their tesStake. Lake Queens are that indeed from six timony these men

wards, attendants. and inspired of our chosen and Heavenly

Father.

I. A. M. Gold and Green Ball, The members and missionaries of the Branch, Kohunui Zealand New

Mission. Swedish Mission are thankful for such

Mission Parents.

( Written and sent in by Elder Aaron

G. Nelson, secretary of the Swedish

Mission.

Adult; 'T'he scientist, Einstein, writing on his * philosophy of life, said that were it not for the joy of cooperating with kindred minds in the pursuit of the unattainable in science and art, his life would be empty. To him, a life of selfindulgence 'seemed like imprisonment.'

The spirit of the true scientist in our day has revived for us the reason for living which has always satisfied man at his best; to cooperate with other

people to help something better become real. "We were meant to be creative individuals, equipped to share in the creative activity which is ever unfolding theWeinfinitebelongpossibilitiesin a vast procedureof this universe.which

is older than any of us, which utilizes all of us in a complex interrelationship, and which perpetually awakens us to the unexplored that has never entered the mind of man. Life becomes most

meaningful when, in small opportunities or in high places, we are linked with others to help that which is new and true and better to become real.

"In one sense the final meaning of life can never be found, simply because

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936 more meaning is created as we advance. trends, as the accompanying letters you in your big responsibility. I am

The significance of one's life seems to will show. As Dr. E. G. Peterson, looking for a good deal of vigor and

be inexhaustible, as its connections inin a letter to Dr. Joseph A. Geddes, strength to show itself under your

crease. To a rightly developing indiauthor of the Manual has said unleadership.

vidual, the thrill of living is the condoubtedly the Manual will become a Success to you.

tinuous discovery of more that life "determining book."Very sincerely yours,

might mean. It is tragedy when we Joseph A. Geddes,

so conduct ourselves that our existence The White House Professor of Sociology.

becomes less meaningful with the years. Washington

26, 1935. November 1935. 13, November surprise increasing life should ofA

Dr. Geddes: Dear dear Bowen: Mr. be My aim everyone."of

entitled Communis "The city manual of the out The Roosevelt Mrs. As the quote from above a new theWe is Better Things"to time, writing at to ity Road present High the I am Living,"book, For "Reason Robert by

having appreciate here. I very much letter to tell your and with acknowledge Russell Wicks, which may be read

trip this; I learned about attention it on my last bring it to her you that I shall profit discriminating reader. by a

forward I to and Washington am looking she will as possible. as soon am sure in this Elsewhere volume is a pungent

it. through to treatise a chance to go in the eninterested you be bit apropros: seems which also

about "Comis no question There closed. available for giving be "Time will

sigspecial having a certain Very sincerely yours, munity"abilities in to neglected expression as just state in and the there nificance Scheider, Malvina Thompson living are of unpeople myriads who

I this in think today, I Roskelley told Roosevelt. to Secretary Mrs. civilization surcapacity. der can No in be made contribution would a study of take that vive advantage not does Administration Resettlement would the study which of phases certain this In events. of turn cooperative Washington which processes the bring out to tend leadin individual place of movements, Bowen: Mr. Dear is. it it in what making involved are is for to ership, there everyone room I of appreciative deeply your am interested to will we know be You to liberating assist in everywhere man in providing with a courtesy copy me year. this here boys three have Mormon is chief himself. danger discover The treatise of the of Dr. A. Geddes Joseph have Roskelley, to addition In we will rest content that the with man College, Agriculture State the of Utah In Hill. and Ruben Cottam Howard routine of existence a moneymaking entitled High Road all Community "The have fashion they good Mormon living, stop with dormant powersand Better to Things."is a quite there so their wives brought is still unrealized. world much Our I this anticipate studying document them enjoy little of them. colony We little fell girl like the of out bed who benefit deriving wealth of a from and all very doing are they thoroughly and in sleep, being asked her who, on and this courtesy, for Thanking you I amit. work. good 'I I it replied: guess happened,how yours, Sincerely to hear you I from glad always am the sleep place to too near wherewent Director, Taylor, Carl C. time. at any I in.'got Division. Resettlement Rural yours, Sincerely in his "It on Tolstoy Essay was

Labor and Luxury who said, 'to be our Institute For Research in Social Science J. H. Kolb.

complete selves, we must enjoy four The University of North Carolina University of Arizona employments: employment of muscle Chapel Hill Tucson

in some hard labor; employment of November 21, 1935. College of Agriculture and

fingers and hands in some form of My dear Mr. Bowen: Agricultural Experiment Station

skill; employment of the mind and imYour booklet, written by Dr. GedNovember 13, 1935

I appreciate This morning's mail brought a copy agination;faculty—of andfellowshipemploymentwith people'."of the des,goodhaspiecereachedof work,me. andIt is certainly a Dear Mr. Bowen:

Statistics have shown that the mayour sending me a copy. of Dr. Geddes'treatise prepared for

jority of persons whose lives have been Sincerely yours, the young people of the Latterday of significance in America have come Ernest R. Groves, Saints Church.

from simple homes with moderate inResearch Professor. I thank you for sending it to me. I

comes, intellectual interests, occupaUtah State Agricultural College shall greatly appreciate your keeping tion in worthwhile tasks, responsibilLogan, Utah my name on the list for other publiities that all must share, and inexNovember 21, 1935. cations of a similar kind.

pensive recreations which develop the Dear Friend: Very truly yours,

creative interests that no one can exThanks very much for the six copies E. D. Tetreau,

haust. It is in our homes, from the of the Senior Manual and for your Rural Sociologist.

life, that must of beginningvery we in the copies the to sending courtesy of Chicago University The of principle simgreatinculcate the list in leaders of of national our some Sociology of Department real capacitiesplicity our that are our will social sent thought. copies be The 11, 1935 November

is their in real joy ourpossessions and in to useful a few remembering me Mr. Bowen: Dearexercise. friends. personal of letter the in of your receipt I am to exhort most need Perhaps we are favorable comments comSome of A. also Dr. Joseph a copy 8th and beginning at of the a othereach new in ing sources concerning from many High treatise Community "The Geddes joy joy, pursuit of for the toyear, seek interested the manual. be I would appreciate You things."to Better do Road us completeness towill inevitably lead in Peterthe following President from this. It will a be sending your me all life; of of our the developmentof son: it. very to you pleasure read Thank tools faculties are but whichGodgiven I carefully your read more "As much. her take time from which mayby we I refrain cannot Road''Community truly yours, Very into the build treasureshighest and I that believe saying from have you F. Ogburn. Williameternities widening ever more and an It a determining written very book.

glorious destiny. I feel that it will has stirred me up and

exercise influence. M MenGleaners a tremendousSeniors "I suggest that a number of copies Sweden's First M MenHThe Senior Manual, "The Communbe bound in cloth because it will live Gleaner Banquet

A ity Highway to Better Things,"for a long time. I am very proud that HThe success of our first M Menhas had wide distribution among men this book came from the College."* Gleaner Banquet held in the mission

and women who are interested in social Thanks again and good wishes to is a great joy and encouragement to us.

:.:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

The M Men and Gleaners of the Stockstories for use in "d"under "4. Discusrather not climb up fortyfive stories

holm branch rallied solicitously to the sion"in the lesson assignment. to your rooms, I'll arrange cots for

first explanation, the result being that you in the hall."

twelve inactive members and six Repetition, the Mother of Retention "No, thank ye,"said the spokesman friends joined in the evening's activ- "1 wonder at your patience,"said for the trio, whose name was Tarn, "we ities December 7, 1935. Susannah Wesley's husband to her on dinna mind walkin'up the stairs, but

The banquet was a potent force in one occasion. "You have told that we'll leave oor overcoats doon here in

showing members and friends what the child the same thing twenty times."the cloakroom."Then turning to his

M. I. A. recreation and study program The patient and wise mother of John pals, he made this proposition.

really embraces, in welding stronger and Charles Wesley, as well as of "To mak'the time flee past and take the links of friendship and in imbuing other children, answered with rare oor minds off th'stairs, I'll tell stories all with the M. I. A. spirit. philosophy: "Had I satisfied myself for the first fifteen flights. On th'next

Encouraging results have been obby saying the matter only nineteen fifteen flights you, Wullie, will sing served. Several of the friends and intimes, I should have lost all my labor."songs. Then, for the last fifteen flights,active members have since attended our—Readers'Digest, November, 1935. you, Bob will tell some sad stories and

meetings and taken part. Mark Twain met a friend at the races afore we ken far we are, we'll be on the

The M Men's numerosity was one day in England. This friend came fortyfifth floor!"

greater than the Gleaner's, something up to him and said, "I'm broke, I wish So they started their long climb.

very abnormal in such groups. you would buy me a ticket back to Tarn told jokes for the first fifteen

London."flights and Wullie sang songs for the

Use of the Story "Well,"Mark said, "I'm nearly next fifteen. On the Thirtieth landing

As our course in the "Use of the broke myself, but I will tell you what Tarn cried: "Noo, Bob, this is where

** Story"nears its close, it might be I'll do. You can hide under my seat you start wi'your sad stories!"

well for us to check on the year's work and I'll hide you with my legs."And Bob moaned: "An'hivn't I

to see just how effective our teaching The friend agreed to do this. got a sad story tae tell? I've been dying

of these lessons has been. When the Then Mark Twain went down to tae tell it! I've—I've left the keys in

course has ended, shall we have the ticket office and bought two tickets. ma overcoat!"The Table in a Roar,

realized all of the aims which we set When the train pulled out his friend James Ferguson.

up in our first lesson, "Why Study the was safely under the seat. The inIt would be a bold man who would

Story?"Has the course been so prespector came around for the tickets and undertake to sum up the difference begave him two. Marksented that every and every sentence, tween Man in a and Hell Heaven M inspector The said, "Where is the GirlGleaner to parchance a has had but the great Spurgeon, in the was who

ticipate? Have the lessons been well other one?"habit of holding a "sermon class"for

planned, thoroughly prepared, and efTapping his head the humorist said students, gave them on one occasion in voice, friend's a loud "That is myfectively presented? startling the following injunction Are our M Men ticket! likes eccentric is a little and Heand Gleaners "StoryConscious?"speak Do you of Heaven, let "When

they know how properly to evaluate to ride under the seat."Mark Twain your face light up, let it be irradiated

Wit and Wisdom,stories? they becoming adept let more Are gleam, a heavenly edited by Cyril by your eye shine

) ( Stokes telling?in the art of story their Clemens reflected Are glory. with But you when

socials and outings of a finer type be- A merchant in a small town ran for speak of Hell"(looking around his cause they have been made conscious office, and was overwhelmingly declass) "your ordinary expression will of the value of a welltold story in a feated. He polled so few votes that do."The Table in a Roar, James Ferridiculous in the eyes appearedsocial situation? Have of guson. Men and he the M

his his neighbors, social and both and sufficientlyGleaners of your group been The members of a missionary society standing in danger. were ofimpressed story business the with the work to turn in their It's had assembled money,

at hard to be laughed still hold and collect,in its various aspects to to want difficult to relate the and and amusing catalogue, and use them at every opyour ground. experiences in earning each her dollar.

portunity? But this merchant was a good sport. "Sister Lamm, how did you earn your

The lesson for March, "The Story What is more, he knew the perils of dollar?"asked the chairman.

and Sociability,"offers an unusually becoming the town joke. So he beat "I got it from my husband,"replied

fine opportunity for us to determine the town to it! The morning after the the good sister, tendering her money.

just how well this work has carried election he put this sign in his win- "Oh, but that is not earning it,"over in their thinking. The Manual dow: "$25 reward for the name of remonstrated another sister.

suggests as part of the assignment that man who cast that vote for me.""No?"asked Mrs. Lamm. "Then

these young people bring to class Everybody saw it, and everybody you don't know my husband."

various types of stories and explain at laughed. But they laughed with him

at him. People and not of social occasion came type theywhat into his Gleaners congratulate to shake hands and of store be appropriate.would Our desire,

course, is that these stories shall reflect him on his sense of humor and sports- "pROM the story told in the first lesson careful thought and choosing and an manship. The story of the sign went of this course, and on through each

appreciation of the type of humor the rounds of the county, and farmers succeeding lesson, every Gleaner must which should characterize L. D. S. afbegan to drop into his store to trade. have felt a new interest and inspiration

fairs. Current magazines and periodThus the merchant turned defeat into from the life and mission of Joseph

icals offer an abundance of material for a personal triumph by proving that he Smith. -Though no definite evening

this lesson. "An American Bible"and was the town's best loser.—Edgar A. has been designated for testimonies, a

"Elbert Hubbard's Scrapbook"will be Guest in the American Magazine. part of every Tuesday night on which

helpful, and your respective libraries Three Scotchmen were having a these lessons are taken up should be contain many volumes of stories for soholiday in New York and were staying set aside for this purpose, and Gleaners cial occasions. Three library books at a fortyfive-storied hotel. They had should be encouraged to put their

which have come to our attention are: a night out and returned to the skythoughts into words before the group.

"Toaster's Handbook,"by Peggy Edscraper hostelry at 4 a. m. The night We submit the following taken from

mund and Harold Workman Williams; clerk greeted them with the mournful "Gleaning in the Field of Biography,"

"World's Best Humorous Anecdotes,"news Gleaner Manual for 1933-4.

by J. Gilchrest Lawson; "The Table in "Sorry to inform you, gentlemen, "We are accustomed to speak of

a Roar,"by James Ferguson. that the dynamo has bust and none of Joseph Smith as "The Prophet,"meanWe are including the following the elevators are working. If you'd ing the founder, under divine direction,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936 of the system of religious truths known We have just received an account than in any other of the lessons outas "Mormonism"and the first of a line of another activity, and we glean from lined this year.

of inspired leaders of the Church of it that very very few have broken their In order to prepare yourselves adeJesus Christ of Latterday Saints. That engagement with the M. I. A. anquately for this chapter you must have

he was a Prophet, one of the greatest nounced at that first party, for sixty made a careful study of the previous who has ever moved among men, there girls sat down to a recent luncheon lesson, WorA: to Do. With your

is abundant evidence. Before his mind given in conection with the course in knowledge of what to look for in vowere opened up, through the inspiration "The Art of Hospitality."cations, you can now fit that knowlof the Holy Spirit, visions of things edge to the particular girls in your

that were to come and as a result many classes and can make recommendations wonderful prophecies fell from his lips M Men for their benefit.

which have been literally fulfilled. If you are upto-theminute teachers,

a Prophet is more than a "But this Elder teller events. Concerning of foreIMPORTANT! youinquirywill intohavetheplannedvocationsfor a whichsystematicare

letter following available in has been as follows: communities. writes H. R. Roberts your own 'GenThe

mailed superintendto all stake to this previous of a 'prophet'erally speak week The lesson you when you you have in mind a predictor of future ents requesting that they bring this should have each girl select the vocaall to the attention of is that tion to thinks she foretells adapted. she things which events, one who

in supervisors both wards Men informationM that charactercan analyze the pass, you to Then are and to come stakes. in is, and

istics of that qualificathe part office with in of part, work a the It prophet—inindeed attention has brought been to my

girl in tions the really of mind. is tragedy him. But of The expectedwhat the Brother of by Warner Homer

this is the very least of his duties. A M Men Committee of the General today is that with all the opportunities

prophet should be a 'forthteller'rather Board that our regulation governing and the necessity for a better choice of than a foreteller. Primarily he must physical examinations of our boys professions, there is too much drifting.

be a teacher of men, an expounder of before permitting them to participate Some books which might prove helpactivities basketball is not Men M preparation this ful in the lesson are of of in inspiration of things The'the God.

to. Strict being adhered adherence Occupations Wheatley; by Gowins and understandgive him mustthe Almighty it is to easily as imperative

Institute for published Careers the by ing, expound he given must and when that otherwise happen a boy mayit may it to his people, to his age. He must engage in this most strenuous activity Research, 537 Dearborn Street, Chibe a Seer that can enlighten an age. without knowing that he is not physcago, Illinois; Man o[ Tomorrow by

This is the primary office of a prophet.'ically suited to it until serious or even our own Latterday Saint Claude

"In this sense, then Joseph Smith befatal consequences have ensued. Richards; Vocational Psychology and

comes a great teacher; and while from Rule 11—Section H—of the M Character Analysis by Rollingworth;

Basketball states—"All Rules Men Vocational Success Guidance by and numerical of historythe and viewpoint

certifipresent a doctor's must Gallacher; Survey Occupations not, of of course, he following would their in participation be boyscate before

to Girls to 16 Open by Dodge of 14 Buddah. Conwith a placeaccredited this certificate stake, acand must

fucius, or Mohammed, yet from the company the eligibility information (since this book was published several standpoint of the value of the truths for interstake and interdivision years ago it will perhaps need to be he taught he far excels them and stands competition."rechecked although the brochure does

second only to Jesus Christ."One most regrettable incident has give helpful information).

already happened where a young 12, Little should Lesson World, My at conclusion the Life dropped dead boy of the Earth PurposeThe its fixing objective as of the have the of physicians diagnosed and a game by Smithas Joseph Taught for responsibility of caring condithe his resulting from heart death as the of teachings BookHThe the of each neighborhood on memis It of Mortrouble. unfortunate that tion most

"mon, Pearl of Great Price and Docthis should have happened and we, ber of the class. Fortunately this lestrine and Covenants, the first two transof course, are most anxious that son, coming on March 24, is followed

lated by the Prophet Joseph Smith and there be no recurrence of it. very closely by Arbor Day and what

the last, for the most part, given to him Will you, therefore, please bring it is called in most communities spring forcibly attention of the to y:>ur M from revelation God, show direct this cleanupby of week. During season

all that Supervisor boys must Men this is acearth placed upon isthat in interested year, the the everyone man physiexamined a reputable by Mortality purpose. divine to trees,cording flowers, of planting in the and is becian they allowed to before parbe

is, as his development. to He hisnecessary beautification of and yard comthis in ticipate activity, strenuous

it were, on a journey away from his either in Ward or Stake? munity.

heavenly home—a journey along the Sincerely your broth tx, You wideawake teachers will have

road of experience. He must learn to Albert E. Bowen, the girls find some spot which needs

work, to struggle, to overcome evil, to General Superintendent. beautifying. You can then encourage

serve his fellow men, and to live acthem to get seeds, trees, shrubs, and cording to the Plan of Salvation instiplant them. This project will be an

tuted by Jesus Christ. He is shut out Juniors especially good one because it will serve

from the actual presence of God but to hold the girls together through all through faith he knows that a loving /hapter 11, Looking at Some Vothe summer when they need most of

Father still watches over him and will * cations, is scheduled for March 10. all to have someone guiding their aclead him to the journey's end, back The objective for this lesson should be tivities. In the summer when the

again to the heavenly kingdom. Such a to enable each girl to find some vocaschools are closed, the Mutuals should

concept makes the earth life a glorious tion for which she is personally suited increase their vigilance. You teachers

event and inspires man constantly to and can obtain the necessary preparaof Junior girls who have their welfare press forward to his high destiny."tion so that she can make a success in at heart could start this project in

following her chosen profession. This

News From the Field needs very careful consideration and March which could then give the girls

HThe Class Officers and Gleaner Leadprayer on the part of you teachers. In some kind of wholesome activity in the

"ers of Holliday Ward of Cottonthis lesson, you must act as vocational summer months when they are most that must counselors, this you means an with which season began Stake wiltowood fall from tempted grace—not misthat not girl do so careful you ever tea. of be Everyannouncement carelessly fully they because but have

girls. other hand, the invited direct the in the was On ward ageGleaner

fully their to occupy enough work for not is offered opportunity which the every exception an hardlyand with girl attended. service is more apparent in this lesson time and energy.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 193 6

Explorers and Scouts Catholic,"No matterProtestantwhat orthe Jew—thisboy may fundabe churchfor theiractivityconsiderationto the presidingas a basisofficersfor

mental of citizenship need good should beReligious, Spiritual determining the of the worthiness and canMoral kept before him. of Scouts The BoyPhases of Scouting didate to receive be in to accordthe award therefore America the religious recognize

Emphasized element in the training of a boy, but it is ance with the spirit of the Oath and

Article the of Constiand Three Law nonsectarian in its attitude toGeneral Board of Y. M. M. tution. that religious training. 1, A. in wardabsolutely Its policyCooperation with Presiding Bishopric is that the organization (a) institution in or with Non-L. D. S. boys M.Launch FarReaching Program for which the Boy Scout is connected shall give troops should be encouraged by ScoutI. A.

Welfare of L. D. S. Boys definite attention to his religious life. Leaders to be active in their church

willing to subscribe "Only men to this organizations all redischarge and to with the principlesTn laid harmony declaration principle of entitled shall be1 ligious obligations in to the church to certificates by the National of leadership down in the carrying Council of

Boy Scouts of America in one of its out the Boy Scout program."which they belong.

(b) local of cooperation counThelatest publications, Religious "Our publication PrinReligious cils The "Our district with committeemen, comPrinciples"also in and arannounced ciples,"issued the Council National by missioners, Scoutmasters, Explorer and ticle three of the constitution in the and of the in of Scouts America June, Boy in interpreting leaders applying and twelfth point of the Scout the Law, the report 1935, of is the and 25th Annual principles solicited. theseGeneral I. the of Board Y. A., M. M. of the Meeting Council, both National thewith approval of the Presiding

stress Religious in Principles Scouting spiritual definite the and a way is Bishopric, sending the following bulreligious of and phases Scouting letin I. all to officers others A. M. and Principles,"Religious "Our and From direct attention than before ever moreassociated this with as part of a work the Published Council National by this to of phase Scout work. tothe plan correlate all the of S. B. work A.

members of the Aaronic Priesthood: In accordance with these pronounce-

"By action of the General Board the ments and the spirit and policy of the HPhe founders of the Boy Scout principles contained herein have been National Council and in view of the Movement decided that they adopted as standards for the conduct of necessities of the present hour, the folwould, in a very positive and definite

Boy Scout and Explorer Scout troops lowing principles have been adopted as way, throw all of its influence in supwhich are sponsored by and conducted standards for Boy Scout and Explorer port of the teaching of religion to the inthe Y. M. M. LA.: Scout troops in the Y. M. M. I. A.: boys of America.

"In order to promote closer coopera- 1. That the Scout oath or pledge, The policy of the Boy Scout Movetion between the Boy Scout and Exwhich by reference includes also the ment is that its program shall be carried

plorer Scout departments of the Scout Law, be given more definite apout on a basis that will in no way

Y. M. M. I. A. and other Church orplication to the lives and actions of the detract from the opportunity of the

ganizations and to take fuller advantage members of L. D. S. troops and that several churches to give to their own

of the many splendid features of Scoutthe fact that an L. D. S. Scout's duty boys religious instruction and experiing which have a direct bearing upon to God includes service to the Church ence, according to their respective

spirituality and church service, the foland therefore service in His Priesthood faiths; Scouting activities shall be carlowing principles have been adopted and living according to His Commandried out in such a way that Scouting

by the General Board as standards for ments be made a regular feature of shall not be placed in the position of the conduct of Boy Scout and Explorer Scout teaching competing with the Church or SynScout troops which are sponsored by 2. That Article III of the Constituagogue for the boy's loyalty; but on

and conducted in the Y. M. M. I. A. tion of the Boy Scouts of America be the contrary that Scout leaders shall

1. The following excerpts from litergiven additional prominence in our maintain conditions such that the

ature published by the National CounScout Program and that district comChurch and Synagogue are supported cil of the Boy Scouts of America are mitteemen and commissioners, ward in their efforts to help the boy lead a cited as a basis for this action: troop committeemen, Scoutmasters, truly religious life.

(a) The Scout oath or pledge inand Explorer leaders be charged with The fact that the Mormon Church cludes the promise "On my honor I will the responsibility of promoting the and three National Committees repredo my best to do my duty to God... spirit it embodies. senting Catholic, Protestant and Jewand to obey the Scout Law. 3. That participation in Church acish institutions are guiding and promotrespective Scout units among their and S. troops of of L. D. that membersLaw—A(b) The 12th Point of the Scout tivities be made a definite part of Scouting the organization and administration Scout is Reverent—reads as ing constituencies, indicates desire of the to encouragedfollows be and urged become

active members of Priesthood Quothe Boy Scouts of America to cooperate "He is reverent toward God. He is rums, Sunday School Classes and Semwith all religious bodies.

faithful in his religious duties and respects inaries. It is the genius of the Boy Scout

the convictions life, of others in matters of that save its in order to Movement for time 4. That at the of applying

custom and religion."acis, in it; that to order it must lose before advancement receiving a and

its in service the complish to purpose in recognition major including Scouting III, (c) 1 Article Sections of and 2 itself in the parsubmerge it must Class, First Class, Star, Life boy, Secondthe Scouts of Boy reads as America its units. institutions that administer ent first Eagle, or honors, honors, secondfollows

It is this that basis can Scouting only on or receiving distinction the being of "The Boy Scouts of America maintain selected as a troop representative in be useful to the Church in its program that no boy can grow into the best kind of any intercouncil or national activity, of religious education. Scouting reccitizenship without recognizing his obligathe candidate shall bring a record of his ognizes the essential part that religion

tion to In the first God. part of building. in character play the Boy 4& > must

Scout oath or the pledge promises, boy Scouting to the Church comes Thus

I will honor"On best my do my to do is says: BARRED a and program humbly "Here

to duty country,my and God to and my Alberta to the of the boy. needs Christensen adapted Huish By We theobey Scout recognition Law."The

the side natural of the have with that f* can't uess ever keep him, weof the ruling as leading and God in power -* It's boy. claim supernatural nothing to use or tease; no coaxthe universe, dealtWe the grateful and acknowledgment of His favors and blessings are necesMom is sure—-the way he scratches for Scouting. If you find that what

sary to< the best type of citizenship and He's plum full of fleas. we offer will help you in your youth

are wholesome she things in the education of Maybe is right—and

the growing boy. It's just mosquito bites—I yet,bet. itprogram,the supernaturaltake it anduponuse theit. temporalBuild on

.:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

as a foundation for your spiritual structhe loyalty of the Jewish boy to his own 8. Secure a correct mental attitude

ture. Scouting is neutral in religious faith."President Cyrus Adler. have faith, hope and charity.

matters. But it is not a negative neu- 9. Seek and practice the truth of

trality. It leaves religion to those The Protestant Churches religion.

chosen and qualified to teach it, but declares the necessity of religion in 'The whole creation waits with Negative Teachings character development and urges its eager longing for the revealing of the practice."Sons of God.'May God grant to you 1 Drink no alcoholic beverages.

and to this great movement the privilege 2. Use no tobacco.

The Best Patent Institution of assisting in their revealing."Dr. 3. Drink no tea or coffee.

Paul Quilliam. 4. Avoid refined foods.

It is for these good and sufficient "The genesis and unfolding story of reasons that the Boy Scout Movement the Boy Scout Movement in America Rewards the nations the of world, and among all its influence thethrows with Church 1. Mental. I read, like as veritable believe ro- a build loyalty theand of the would up

2. of Health Body. of Divine Providence. mance this institution to most permanentboy

disease. Immunity from re- 3. old Carlyle told us that "Rugged in serves advancing periodwhich each

4. Spiritual understanding. joy and is ligion in factor the determining any lifespan to thethe cradle from whole

the grave. and every civilization. The Boy Scout

Movement heads up in its aspiration for Posture

Acceptable to All Religious Groups unwavering loyalty to God and reverPosture Song ence for the high, holy and sacred

Surely Scouting established on such things of life. |H1 where, oh where, has our posturesure foundations, provides a platform "It is fortunate that this country O gone*

upon which each religious group may in all of her presidents from WashingOh where, or where, can it be?

build its own boy program with proper ton to the present day has recognized With our backs turned out and our integration and coordination of the that the safeguard and assurance of any chests turned in natural with the spiritual and the whole abiding social order for America heads Oh where, or where, can it be?

administered under its own appointed up in its religious convictions. Dr.

and supervised leadership. This is Geo. W. Truett. Taps

precisely the situation with the great "There can be no great people with- "Sleep and rest;

religious faiths as it exists today. out a great religion and all your talk Sweetly rest,

about character is so much playing Dreamless, rest through the dark

The Catholic Church down the wind unless the regenerating hours of night, forces obeand creative make a man And may God keep you safe 'till the stresses the importance "Scouting his in of dient reigns highest the and law light.

being honest of being kind and truthful, heart."S. Dr. Parkes Cadman.

and helpful to others, of being clean and A splendid article called "Perfect respectful pure, being ofdecent and all parents personstowards and of auBee-Hive Girls Scientificeph F. Merrill,Diet,"appearedwritten byin theElderChurchJosthority. Health Section of the Deseret News, Decemtraining religious with "Combined article 8th, 1934. This be would in ber believing important with "Pqually belief teaching, in leavenedand by helpful in preto BeeKeepers very you *"'is for giving reason beHim God responsibility of a senseGod, to Him senting health or the guides your on

lieving in advice us His by following of the Him, dependentand upon work bishop of Your may Wisdom. Word council. andthe takes Scouts meaning, on new Boy filed a he away, have which copy

a thing not merely relatedbecomes to A Certain Way to Health would lend you. eternity, something that nottime but to

only enriches and makes more pleasant Positive Teaching of the Lord The Flag and profitable this earthly life, but makes easier of realization and attain- 1. Eat meat very sparingly. Cee Boy Scout Hand Book, BeeHive

ment of neverending life with God."2. Eat fresh fruit liberally. *-* Hand Book, and The Improvement

1935. 3. Eat fresh and cooked vegetables P. Shannahan.Msgr. W. Era—January,

the sponsoring institution, if regularly. "Thus,

it be a Church, may take the program 4. Eat grains (ground whole) in The Motivation Plan

daily. or porridge buildas a foundation upon it and bread and of your BeeHive Department the 5. juices, fruit water, Drink it spiritual program."around its own for viz achievement, working grain ATs Ward extracts milk in abundance. andPatrick Cardinal Hayes. a. your you increased memHave 6. regularly Sleep evening from early

last enbership over or year? by 10% morning. earlyThe Mormon Church to girls of of or Beemore rolling 75% 7. regularly and steadily with Labor

"I hope that our Scout leaders will body and mind. Hive age in your ward?

remember that it is our privilege and b. Have you had an attendance in all

obligation in connection with the proSwarms of 2/3 or more of your enmotion of this program, to see that our I AM THE SAGE rollment for one month? two months?

three months? training religious receive properboys By Grace Ingles Frost c. Will you complete the work outreal thatin order they become Amerall lined for three ranks? the primitive—AMican citizens."President Heber J.

encouraging your girls to I you Are freeborn. the I amGrant.

Over my head no tree intrudes achieve individually, viz:

The Jeivish Groups ToI amsmothera growthme orofcurbthe myopenmoods.space; leasta. Byfifteenattendingtimes duringSwarmthemeetingyear? at

I face. thrive the glare sun's a bold on from their recognizes completing of Scout Movement "The the work b. By sod, of unfilled a growth am

religion as participating in all the charof part of the an integral and will the that of greygreen growth God Rank AI acter building process, and encourages Let roam over an untamed West Swarm activities satisfactorily? Swarm

boys to adhere to the tenets and pracAnd take its nourishment from her breast day should be a gala event. It isn't too

tices of their own faith.... stimulate I am the sage. early to begin making plans for it.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

Where is the White Afterership theyfor fourcounseleddays, overMausauuthe leadstill

Brother of the Hopi told them he could not do it. He

told the leader of the people to look

Indian over the land and whatever he could (Continued from page 84) use he could put his people on and now make up the Hopi nation did make use of it, but the Mausauu not come together at one time. The could not be their leader at this time.

three clans, Spider Clan, Snake He told them that they had many

Clan, and Spirit Clan arrived first ambitions and plans for the future at this place, being very careful to in their own minds, which they examine things carefully. They saw would have to experience, such as BOST TOOTH PASTE TOOTH AND POWDER Deciding good.that land the doing now-a- was are things they the

formula of Dr. Dale Wm. place, this at a leader.to landmark put their up be the days, before he could HouseGood Bost—awardedThiskeeping Seal of the writrecord a they had ideas theirMoencopie, out must work own They result research. of of yearsapproval—is many

justified labors Dr. Bost's were by of hieroglyphics in formten after some they had for themselves and

countless users putting of numbers the cliff, their of wall is putperiod theiron the under faith through this in Bost, which stating that gone this good land would be held for own leadership He could return to tingSavenewentireBeautycartoninto theirfrom Smiles.Tooth

of Powit from Can poor people among but at thisthe humble did he them. lead But if

each. cent one Paste—TopWorth

it be a recordthem. This was to His der. of out time, do He would

landmark for their poor from genplace, as it was not the time for Him eration to generation and has been to be their leader.

held sacred by these people. BARBASOL FOR SHAVING

1 left the village, circled Leaving Moencopie, they trav- [ausauueled southeast coming to the north M around and came back, then end of the village now known as told the people, "All right, I have

Oraibi. At this place they were refinished marking out the land for

warded in their long search, for you. I have fixed it for you at

this time."theythere was for whom the Man

He exbeen looking. Havinghad been meant that all this land from Thiswill provesoothing,idealconvenient,for you asbrushlessit has forshavingthousands.cream

sizes of tubes. large in in Sold Save two to and belongs to ocean Him several for days, he oceanpecting them entire each, cartons. 3 accents 1, and 2 jarsWorthand to them make was going are to size. cording top Barbasol Blades that He late Razor at this meetvery stayedoften

5 blade container. Worth Ling place. The Spirit Clan led by guardians over it, until He could qualitycent for steel—savetwo.

the younger brother was the first come to be their leader. He could

to reach Him. They asked this not give them title to it or divide it

Man where he lived to which he up individually into small pieces, KREML HAIR TONIC AND SHAMPOO is selling largest hair acres, tonic This they but so such as manyanswered, "Just soutn f here on as the quick recognized method of live make use could on it and falling it. of checking hair and hill."a

greasy. sticky or Spirit Clan, valiant humble, The the asked name they Him Then dandruff—notKreml from Shampoo—made first Olive Oil and to him who 80% had come first, who at Hesitatingof the place.

scalp hair and base—keepsclean and faithfulness, were their had proved healthy. Oraibi, face of Save finally carton told them it washe

which was the first place named or to be next to Him in authority and containingSeal. WorthGood 1Housekeepingcent to 3

pronounced by this Man. Their were to have charge of his sacred cents each, according to size.

first understanding was that He trusts.

lived at this place called Oraibi, In this manner Mausauu fixed SAPOLIO SOAP AND POWDER but later learned that it was only the land which is held sacred by the

Sapolio cake scouringHis restingplace, where He comes Hopi Indians today; it is never to soap,The famous for years,to rest under a big rock, later going be forgotten by them. They are cleaning and polishingfor

away home to somewhere, nobody going to be faithful to the trust enamel,woodwork,porcelain,pans, paintedetc.

Sapolio offers Powder new the times Mausauu at of these placed by them one uponknows. It was

cleanliness in powreturn, kitchen at His bless will them by found der form.of rest that was silentire these who Save He

Indians. He told them they might if they hold this land for Him and verCake wrapperand entireof metalSapoliotop

build their houses at this place and not turn it over to any other people. from Sapolio Powder.

He would be with them except in When Mausauu fixed the land this Worth l/2 cent each.

the evening, when He would go way He did not make any mistake.

home, somewhere. This Spirit was This Spirit Clan, who lived with

known to the Indians as Mausauu Him before He disappeared and the and was the Man who owned the people, who are still staunch believers, seeing and their are himearth. this ENTER THE PLAN NOWI fires. in the While leaders After they had settled for awhile

at the place called Oraibi, they deSpirit, Mausauu, was still with them, Other Products will be Addedcided to find some way of governing they held a ceremony of different their people. Since this place besacred religious dances. They beWhile the products indicated above cover a

longed to the Mausauu they asked gan to talk over how they were gowide range of family needs and are calto culated give the live together to to plan all, ingthis spirit chief of them to church—if make a be the

is properly inmonthly theundertaken—aaverage all people, what plan refused, the this govern man, andbut Mausauu of (with come $40.00 small churches earning

telling them that their leader, who would be the best for the world, and $20.00 and large active churches up to

had brought them over, should be which clan would be the one to gov- $100.00 a month), other manufacturers will

the chief among his own people. {Continued on page 118) join the plan as soon as it is known how

For Your Church, Society or AAm*?MS%U7UZ*J Qther Worthy Ca(|ses by

Saving these Purchase Identifications

last the of getting everpresent extra the problem funds to carry At on church needed activity missionary easily or for causes Bazaars, other worthy can Suppers, be raised without work, NOTHING TO SELL selling campaigns, etc., Mortgages can now be paid off, needed equipment purchased, budgets Church groups have, for years, raised

met, or support given to Missions, Orphanages, Homes and Hospitals without affecting the money for their causes by selling things.

regular contributions of church members, or of groups that have other heavy obligations. Here This has been grossly unfair to local meris a plan whereby the help of neighbors and friends—not a part of the church membership or chants—many of whom have supported group—may be enlisted without affecting their other obligations. the church so splendidly. It has also

caused extra financial outlay on the part of members and friends who may not have needed the object sold. Now, by

church groups and their friends buying certain brands of things they need and fj'tiff tnesrataP/wttuch. are buying anyway—and saving the cartons, labels and tags, amounts of $20.00 to

$100.00 a month may be secured from

FLASH PRODUCTS GENERALS INK the manufacturers of these fine products.

ideal of An identifications save these purchase As they ink-—stains

easily washable blue simply they at a place to surrender them clothing, washed from hands, etc. A variety be designated by each church or group

of colors and shades in or society participating.

sizes four [polVsh"1,—10c—25c Jr..—Pint and ENROLL YOUR Quart.

a B itta* F1ASHrotit Buy quart—make

lamp from a CHURCH OR GROUP carton Save thetopbottle.—

for 5 c for worth oeautifiel Quart cleansFlash GIRL deLuxe C.iORE and Size—Less

sizes. small is efficiency Girl's to will hands soap scrub Chore knownyour NOW! hands—any

gentle of millions conof uses Flash women. onlyclean, but Made the Since these amounts which merifine A pure ribbon. tinuous Silver copper dirtiction, out. easing Flash No BURNETT'S EXTRACTS will can called to manufacturers be on rust. splinters, shreds, little shavings or effort no andPolish with works Burnett's 1847, Extracts famous since infected fingers Glass conFlash and Avoids contributesurface to Metal and wear. churches worthy causes and deliflavor purity for and the tag. taminated food. brightens noninflammable,Polish, Save Worth to shall not their price the added be of cover flavors 24 cacy. effort. 1 cent tags. small requiring for Save 3home, Save need. products, every their taken home but be must from Bottle, Carton seal from band gold

1 to cent top. Worth box WILBERTS sales FLOOR appropriations NORUB 1 usual or each. promotion cent Jar. Worthand size. to cents, according 12

it POLISH FURNITURE budgets, necessary will churches AND be for CURBS COLDS VAPEX Beautifully bURNETT'S COLOR to this join or plan groups before any your drops few on A floors waxes is It contributions can handkerchief and such be made. TABS COLOIl rubwithout AND

it. Penetrates breathe polishbing or that also so folders describing necessary PASTE

air pascongested ing. Simply tb. distribution sent the products be for may sages,—Absolutely soothes and pure—add wipe NORUB desire.! of touch decoration off telling nature helps friends throw your and members among into floor the for cakes, icings, candies flap colds. top Save to just save, and what with them how much etc. of—dries top Save Past showing carton of a wearresist- is Identification worth. each Purchase entire and box Color Tab Housekeeping Good lustre. 1 box. cent each Worth on Color cents. Seal. 2 Worth - RUB ingNO 1 cent Paste for boxes. 3 and Tab Furniture VENIDA PRODUCTS is quicker, Polish easier. better, HELPS LOCAL BURNETT'S ICE CREAM cap Save can from Floor Wax

and entire carton from Polish. LIQUIDMIX

Worth 1 cent each. you Whether use an automatic refrigeraMERCHANTS AND

tor, or a hand PARFUMS—RIGAUD'S UN AIR freezer, LiquidEMBAUME & MARY GARDEN Mix makes the CHURCH GROUPS

These two parsmoothest, most nationdifferent are are standard products ice these fums delicious of fcttRNETTS All but lovely. the both years imaginfor Venida, cream purchasing brands. ally By advertised

is hair nets, tastelargest joined are able. and This Good benefit will local merchant your them Set, inexeasy, Venida ShamVenida are sellingWave an judgmentby

society to your contributing are their while you healthpensive,poo, BobPins by shown Venida and Venida use. ful most for Sales Tissues. FineCleansing products Save full and with participate group. or may You

delifastidious pleasing Slip envelopes with Save women. name represented advertisers the that confidence

store, size cartons of and cacy.of Nets, Save Shampoo

in groups every way with deal fairly will the fc& clearly of price Set, label and from card box or Top of ofWave pins, and Front of carton of Tiswritten. Worth can. Worth 1 5TRAVVBEP,rVr'participating in this plan.

sues. Worth varying amounts. 3% of price paid. cent for three.

CHURCH AID ASSOCIATION. 'MANUFACTURERS

I 325 N. 13th Street,

Philadelphia, Pa. | the will participate in this plan. or groups churches Thusmany

! get contributions will or which churches groups of monthlyamount

participate to in the wishing group, undersignedfrom agree uplifting causes, to manufacturers of contributions their to foldersSTART and members descriptive the NOWmanufacturerssaving thewillpurchaseincreaseidentificationsmaterially. of the above prodThe to distribute

ucts. Talk up the plan with leaders in your church or group. If they friends and to purchase products of these manufacturers

don't start the plan now you may send these purchase identifications to as needed. Please send us additional detail.this publication who will see that they are applied to a worthy and GrUPP

uplifting cause. Church or Group

Address

HK.OHIIM Leader or Group I PastorThe Manufacturers Church Aid Assn. of families number Estimated

325 North 13th Street, Philadelphia, Pa. who will cooperate with plan

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

his to to touch forehead return translateWhere is the White fulnessmonials toexpressedtheir prayersin theirand sacredcerehadthe sun,gonewould and

Brother of the Hopi dances they could still make their it for them. They were to fight

living in this land. against taking any people possessionIndian these With thoughts in mind each of the land. tell them would He ( Continued from page 116)

clan gave a performance of its what the map meant.

ern. They wished to find the best own sacred dance. In different He charged them to be faithful to

plan that would help them live rightmonths throughout different seasons this sacred trust until the day of the eously enough to fulfil the trust the of the year, the Hopis today put on White Brother, which was to be

Mausauu had placed upon them. these sacred dances in humble when a road is made in the sky.

The leaders of the sacred dances, thanksgiving. These dances are Their faithfulness to this sacred

counseling together looked back upceremonies or dancedramas comtrust would cause them to go through on their lives to see how they were memorating the coming of each clan many hardships; people would

able to get to this place and to raise to the place of the Mausauu, Oraibi strike them; they would wipe tears

their crops. They knew that they Village. out of their eyes, as they went along

had lived according to the laws of While they were counseling and trying to uphold what they have right living and that by their faithdancing Mausauu looked upon their been told and waiting for their leaders in admiration. The only White Brother to come to their

time they would eat was after the relief. But they were told to hold

sun went down—in the afterglow. on courageously to what they beHe considered these people as most lived, not to strike back or to comYou Get important people, because of their mit violence or bloodshed, but

sincere devotion as expressed in their staunchly to defend their religious sacred dances. This is the way we beliefs and the trust of the sacredDouble Value Hopis feel toward one another in our tablet throughout whatever came.

from your subscription to desire to prove true to our beliefs. When the White Brother came, He

all these evil things and all brotherly. be more THE IMPROVEMENT dances,As theHeMausauusaw that watchedtheir devotiontheir wouldwe wouldcure

ERA, and other Church had enabled them to go far ahead of That is what the Hopi Indians are publications, when you what he had done. Intending to looking forward to today.

preserve your magazines give them more than they now had, in permanently bound volHe showed them His ceremonial W/e are all really brothers and umes. Send your back dance. He made preparation for sisters, but we have, up to the

fasting sixteen His dance days, by present time, done toward wrong numbers to us now! only eating portion a small of another. cornone the winters When

meal soup in the middle of the night. would be very cold and the summers

This soup was made with a small very dry, when earthquakes and measure of His own, of equal parts other signs of nature came; when

of cornmeal and soup, this measure men would be uneasy and restless in

During isday.still inWhenthe handsHis greatof the dayHopiscametotheirmade minds;in the sky,whenthena roadall menwouldwouldbe

all the people watching eagerly, know that they must live better for learned much more than they had the time was then come, when theFebruary ever known. This still proved that White Brother would return and all

right. If men We will return them to themoreMausauuknowledgehadthanmoretheypowershad andand thingsdid notwouldheedbethesemade warnings and

you postpaid, attractively was still their leader. Today the live better and more humbly, they

and durably bound in Hopi Indians perform the sacred would be destroyed when He comes.

cloth, stamped in gold. dance in memory of the Mausauu's The destruction of the wicked would

great day and the instructions He be the way in which the world would

Improvement Era $2.00 gave them which they are never to be cured of evil doings.

Relief Society Magazine 1.50 forget.After His performance, he told HopiThesepeople,are thewhofirmarebeliefslivingofverythe

Children's Friend 2.00 them that he could not live among poorly, much more poorly than other

Instructor 1.50 them any longer at this time. He people would care to do, in order

per volume gave them instructions to remember to stand firmly to their beliefs, that while He was away. He said they they may be worthy to receive the

had many things on their minds good things to be had after the to they accomplish wanted are destroyed. wicked

that things and many happen would further told that after were TheyThe Deseret which during His absence. the chose the the time the destruction, He of

Spirit Clan, otherwise known as the faithful people would be rewarded

Mausauu Clan, to be next to Him for their faithfulness, that thereJNews Press in authority. He left in their care would be a place provided for the

29 Richards Street a sacred record which was in the poor people for their inheritance for

Salt Lake City, Utah form of a pink marble tablet, or the reward of their sufferings, that plate, upon which was a map of his the righteous white people and the "Pioneer Printers and Binders land and they were charged to proIndians would be as brothers; they

of the West"tect it until the White Brother, who would be taken to a place in this;

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 193

land of ours where a lot of riches sent soldiers to these people who are to be found. During the peacehave forced white man's ways upon

able time these people who have them, disregarding the Hopi tradibeen faithful will unite and share tions and beliefs, which has almost these treasures in equal parts and destroyed their religion, their sacred live as the white people do. This dances and ceremonials to which the

shall be a time of plenty when there Mausauu told them to remain faithwill be nothing but happiness for ful.

everybody. There will be but one The Hopi Indians have appealed

language spoken, which according to the government at Washington, to will traditions, the the Hopi be all is people, the the of head which it to language because is easyHopi if to heard but they help have them learn, but peowhite be the it may it done have about they anything ple's language. As we will all be nothing. In this the government at

as brothers and sisters there will be Washington has made a mistake.no objection to intermarriage from There has been much suffering

either side.

Indians, because the Hopi among to the that going Hopis be known is all for aiming are That what we faithful tried remain to have they people. the white fought never have is this everyand naknown among been beliefs they have their to and of government Washington, Thetionality. But Indians, we, Hopi things. these cry over to made is therefore for parnot one D. C. this to for neverwant forgotten be

this is what the Mausauu told us ticular people but for everyone in So I, Dan Kotchongva, Chief before He went away. That is why this country and we Hopi Indians of Hotevilla Village, am not looking

we are striving so hard to hold fast look for the government at Washat the office at Washington for help to our religious beliefs. This has ington, D. C. as head of all of us; right now, but we Hopis are looking

not been recorded in a written record they are the people who decide what for the return of our White Brother, but has been handed down from is right for all of the people. Washwho will come to us and bring forth

generation to generation from mouth ington, D. C. is the head of all other a relief of the suffering of all the

to mouth the way I received it from cities, likewise Oraibi is the town people. We have looked toward

my people. where the Great Spirit Clan met the Washington, Chicago, and Santa

If this that I have told you is to Spirit Mausauu, the holy city of the Fe, New Nexico, as places for this be sent out to different places and Hopi people, the seat of the governWord to go out in search of our even to the foreign countries, perment of the trustworthy Spirit Clan, White Brother, but so far nothing haps our White Brother will read it, with whom the first agreement was has been done. That is why I am

for He is a person today who will made with the government at Washhere today talking to you people come to us and will be able to transington. These people have suffered and if this word goes out from here,

late the marble record we have with a great deal in their attempt to maybe He will know of our search our people, which was given to us prove faithful to their trust and to for Him and come to us. This is

by the Mausauu. He will bring keep their religion from being dethe time to which we have looked for

forth the destruction of the wicked stroyed by misunderstanding white generations. We were told that his

and a great day of peace and happeople and from exploitation and time was when a road was made in piness will follow for the good peograft. the sky. The road of the airplane

ple. Then Mausauu will return to They have appealed to Washis well made. If we do not find Him

be our leader. ington to help them but Washington through this effort we will keep on

has not listened to anything they searching and shall not stop looking "\\7hen the people who formed the have said. The government has until He returns.

government at Washington, D. C, first came to this country,

they knew that there was someone on this land before they came. They you? You didn't run from him?"

found the corn growing, someone's A Lesson in Hay "No; I didn't run. He was sitting

corn, no one else's but this great (Continued from page 80) on the floor when I left."

Spirit Clan. Before they erected a "That's better. But, heck, I

building for the government they "You're back so early I thought thought Chancey Stone was your asked these Indians of the Spirit the teacher must be sick,"the best friend."

Clan, who had the custody of the puncher laughed. "So did I. Look here, Dad, what're

land for the Mausauu, if they could Lafe strode on into the house. we going to do about this hay?

cultivate the land, too. They were Old Henry took his shoeless feet We can cut down the feed an'spare

told, yes, they could. There was off a chair. anyway three hundred tons. If it's

nothing bad to this agreement at that "What happened to your mouth, fed right it ought to save all the time. boy? Horse hit you with its head?"cattle in the valley. They won't be

By this spirit of good will, they "No. Chauncey Stone hit it fat, but if it's a decent spring even

came to one another without fighting with his fist,"Lafe replied. the weak ones ought to live."

or without killing one another. To Old Henry's face cracked into a "That's what I figger,"old Henry

this day, the people of Oraibi, the grin. "Did they have to haul him said. "Only I figger we kin sell

Hopi Indians, have never shown home?"he queried. more than that. Orta be able to

their war weapons to a white man. "I don't know. I didn't wait to spare four hundred tons."

The bows and arrows are gone. see. "Then why didn't they come to

This has been well kept, for it is "Heck, you don't mean he licked us like men instead of jumpin'onto

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936 me all spraddled out and callin'us I didn't have enough hay—figgerin'had figured out a thing it stayed

hay hogs?"what I'd do if it was me caught figured.

"So that's what was eaten'short. An'I know where the stuff To oppose his father would be

Chauncey Stone, eh?"Henry would have to come from. I can useless, but he couldn't look his

chuckled. "Hay hogs, eh? Ain't ship prairie hay in here from Neneighbors in the face after doing a

I been tellin''em for years they'd braska an'lay it down in the cars thing like that to them. And he

orta have a carryover of one year's for thirtyeight dollars a ton. Let had manhandled his best friend. He

crop? Heh, heh, I knowed my time 'em do what they please; they can't would have crawled in the dirt to

was comin'."git it fer less. We'll sell hay half apologize to Chauncey if he could,

Lafe looked at his father with a dollar cheaper, better hay, easier but if he did, people would think sudden suspicion. "Look here, fed, an'save 'em the labor o'haulin'it was because he was afraid of

Dad, have any of 'em tried to buy it fourteen miles from town."reprisals.

hay?"Old Henry's little eyes twinkled There was no defense for old

"Has any of 'em tried? They've with his own shrewdness, and he Henry, and yet, according to his

all tried. Dang near every one of glanced up at his tall son for approlights he had done the only logical

'em has come around on the sly bation. thing to do.

tryin'to get what he needs, an more, The next morning Lafe ordered before his neighbors git wise."the feeders to cut down a third on

"Then why ain't you sold any?"JL/AFE looked at his father. the hay. The cattle were strong.

"Because they won't pay my He was too appalled for words. They could easily get through the

price. But they'll come to it, son. He turned and blundered up to his remainder of the winter on short raThey'll come to it Don't worry room. tions. As he listened to the cresabout that."Thirtyseven dollars and a half cendo bawling of his neighbors'

"How much have you asked a a ton for hay, and a cow worth less hungry cattle it seemed to him that ton?"Lafe demanded. than thirty! Six dollars a ton was they created an ungodly din which

"Thirtyseven dollars and a half."the normal price for hay. Somewould ring in his ears throughout

"What?"Lafe gasped. "Dad, times, toward spring, it went as high eternity.

you're crazy!"as eight, and once, for a week, it When he came in at noon he

"Crazy like a fox,"old Henry had skyrocketed to ten. strode into the living room. "Dad,"

laughed. "Listen, son. I saw this No cowman could afford to pay he said peremptorily, "you've got

thing comin'. This hay shortage it. But, on the other hand, they to set a reasonable price on your

ain't local; it's general. All the couldn't afford not to. No wonder hay, say eight dollars a ton—ten at

time these fellers have been sittin'they had called him hay hog. He the most. And then when we sell

around hopin'fer a soft winter I've knew that old Henry couldn't be it we've got to make sure that no been proceedin'on the theory that made to change his mind. Once he one man gets more than he absolutely needs."

did soft, are "Goin* you, son—or Starting

a scare into throw Stone Chauncey TIME TO ENROLLEACH WEEKNEW CLASSESNOW IS AN EXCELLENT Henry Patterson's face hardened.

Completion of a Henager Business Course will be your best possible Investment. you? I never figgered you'd be

POSITIONS GRADUATES. FOR

1935; compared with 138 calls received during 1932. yella."during the year 329 calls for office help received

"I don't think I'm yellow, Dad, but I seem to be handicapped by something that must be a conscience.

If you make these men pay that outrageous price it'll break every one ft em. ft "Let it. I got money enough to

buy cattle to stock the range they've been usin'."

"All right, Dad,"Lafe said quietly. "I've been thinkin'this

over. There's something about the

cattle business that you can never feel. All you could ever see about

grass or cattle was the dollars they might bring you. If we do this thing

to our neighbors I can never ride 1935-6 OFFICERS FOR BODY STUDENT If again. the range you want me

Pres.; Henrickson, Karl Arentz, Secretary. Pres. Vice Greenwood, June you'll reasonable."stay have to be activities, assemblies,; Mary Girls'Basketball to various school including regular Boys'and has Our school

etc. parties, School paper, outings,teams,

Efficient given in subjects, including Business Administration, Salesman- "So you are yella?"old Henry Training all commercial

ship, Secretarial Training, Comptometer, Office Practice Machines, etc. rasped. "You'd weaken rather than

Call, write or phone for new catalog—mention "Era". Visitors welcome any time. It pays to stand up for your own interests. best.get the

Well, you can do as you please, but they'll pay me thirtyeight dollars a45 EastHENAGERBroadway BUSINESSD. B. MOENCH, Mgr. COLLEGESalt Lake City, Utah ton or they won't git a spear. An'

THE SCHOOL WITH A NATIONAL REPUTATION'if I can charge 'em more I will."

"You're the doctor, Dad,"Lafe

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936 shrugged. "But I warn you—there'll returned to the stackyard and grimly

be trouble."waited.

"They'll pay me an'like it,"old With a final wild lunge Dave The Utah High lurched, Elkins'broken growled. into the is hay."Henry team "Hay School of Beauty feel that rods within paused "Well, two if you and way all road

right, but I want you to assume the of the gate. Elkins handed the lines Culture

121 rifle STREETblame. MAIN to picked SOUTH a hired and had up a an understandman We've

Floor 2nd in'I that rack, to the labor the the of handle from bottom was you that a profession Learn would make trouble,end, Patthe end, but don't and you no want money life. rest for the independent of year "We

other people don't realize it. Will terson,"he called, "but we are gonna WriteMail Thisfor Catalog:.Coupon

you sign an agreement with me, puthave hay."There was an ominous

tin'that in writin'?"click as the rifle was cocked. Name

"Of course. We'd oughta have "I don't want any trouble either,

an understandin'anyway. I can Dave, but you're not goin'to haul Address

plainly see that you ain't got no a load of hay off this ranch till you City business head. If you had you'd pay for it."We can provide room and board to

appreciate the opportunity this hard "We intend to pay for it,"Elkins students out of town winter has brought."retorted, "We held a meetin', an'

JLvAFE presented the paper he had written out. Old Henry

read it casually, and there was a sneer on his face when he signed. The Butterick Dehor teaches you how to shirr.

The son read his thoughts. In

Henry Patterson's estimation his weakling; afraidson was a too much Betfl his To to standof public opinion up for

legal rights. But Lafe was a good

cowman.

With the paper in his hand Lafe went upstairs to his own room.

Presently he stepped to the window and looked out. His fine face darkened. Just coming through the outside ranch gate, some two miles

away, was a long string of bobsleds with a hayrack upon each sled. He

hurriedly reached for his field glasses. He counted eighteen rigs

in all; most of them were manned

by two men. They were headed

directly toward the nearest Bar P stackyard. The drivers of the two

leading rigs were Dave Elkins and

Chauncey Stone. Butterick Be

For a moment Lafe's eyes rested are designed upon the 45. Colt's revolver hangmen -who

ing in its holster on a bedpost.

He shook his head, and left the gun their owi/ clothes hanging there. He picked up his know m

hat and ran toward the corrals. patter

The hay sleds weren't visible pieces/ and from the ground, and for this Lafe sewing instruct!

his thankful. mountedwas He

yet, o-iageniouyiy /are the p for the stackyard horse and headed at a fast lope. The men with the terns desxgned,/the fashions have Butterick

sleds were breaking a snow road to flavor and cmc aU their own. Beginner's

the stacks, instead of taking the Butterick BeginnerV Patterns Pattern 6668 four mile route by the ranch. Probare on sale at pattern counters

ably, Lafe thought, they didn't want of all leading department stores.

to be seen. He arrived at the stackyard the men were aiming for while

the lead sled was yet a hundred yards away.

Lafe dismounted at the gate, went through without opening it, and "BUTTERICKSTYLE LEADERS OF THE WORLD''picked up the broken handle of a pitchfork. With this in hand he

THEIMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

decided to measure the hay we take "What about that forkhandle?""I'll have another job for you in

an'deposit twelve dollars in the Fully a dozen men had now the mornin',"he told them, and bank for every ton we haul away. tramped around and stood in the passed on into the house. He said

No court in the world would convict road between Lafe and Elkins'team. nothing to old Henry about the atus of any crime for doin'that."Chauncey Stone was in the lead. tempted raid upon the stacks.

"Perhaps not. But they'll convict "That's for use on anybody who The next morning the haydiggers

you of murder if you use that gun. tries to open this gate,"Lafe stated. hitched up at the usual time. They

I'm not armed,"Lafe said coolly. "There's enough of you to rush me, were bigeyed with curiosity as they

but it won't be easy. I'm good with waited for orders. Presently Lafe

MAKE MONEY a forkhandle."There was a restless mutter appeared"I don'ton wanthis saddleyou horse.to load too

-.'vJi.'Mownef among the men. All the bolder heavy this mornin', boys,"he said.

at or working money home git spirits forward, but of to the about top hadTfARN-*- crowded you "When photos and in Learn Method"coloring

In thisoil. weeks. few done "Koehneinisstudiobeautiful method Workminiatures by visitin'. led that the to the the basket they you knew I want go man whoIn previous experience needed. Many Noor formakeandfree spare easymoneydemand. time way. Send that smitten rig will attack to place; Elkins'by be would one go Onebooklet, at requirements. and full"Make Money Home"this

3601 MichiganNATIONALAvenue ARTDept.SCHOOL,4 1 Z Chicago,Inc. Illinois forkhandle. Wielded by a hun to Stone's; one to Foster's, an'the

dred and eighty pound man it was other to Piatt's. When you git there

a fearsome weapon. None of them just drive around their feedgrounds

cared for the honor of being first. an'then come home. I wouldn't be

"Will you git away from that a bit surprised if all the cattle they've gate?"Dave Elkins repeated. got don't foller you, because I don't HEADQUARTERSNEWFOR "I will not. I'll not be intimidated expect they'll be fed anything this

LATTERDAY SAINTS by any mob,"Lafe replied quietly. morning. If they don't foller very GARMENTS

FROM FACTORY TO YOU "If you've got the nerve to fire that good you might just throw out a

We Solicit Your Mail Orders rifle, go ahead."forkful of hay now an'then to sort

89. Men's Med. No. and Ladies'red. of the butt the we're dropped Smoke! "Holy mean He

1.10 New StyleWt.

rifle floor to a of steal the rack their the with broad 80. gonna No. Men's Double Wt. Back 1.35 Heavy Youcattle—in

81. No. Double Old Style Heavy Wt. their outfaced thud. leader daylight?"howled. a puncher With 1.50 Back

Styles.... 87. Lt. No. Old and Wt. silly. that realized New ranchers the beaten our.85 and be be It won't "Don't

85. GarNo. Very NonRun

foller defeated. they fault cattle had been us,"Lafe if the Those to Guaranteed ments Not—Special—

1.10 Special Rayon Run their to trail to started git back through ahead laughed. you "When Lt. No. Men's LaWt. 84. Med. and

dies'Style, rigs. Double CombNew there take hay can you some more.85 own ed Yarn, Extra Fine

visit ranches. the "Wait,"other Lafe called. "You men an'We're t runk ordering, your bust, s pecify when

length, and whether new ladies'. if men's or Weor oldPaystyle,Postageand are going to get hay for your stock. likely to have most all the range Anywhere in the United States. My father won't sell it to you; I cattle in the country on our feedcan't. If you try to take it by lawgrounds before night."

it'll less lawsuits methods mean LEWIS feed 'em?"gonna who's and "But MOSE14 ST. SO. MAIN will last that trouble for years other CITY, SALT UTAH it I expect LAKE I'll have can't do "If we

of you. break most Please mention seeing this Ad in hi and "In But there to hire Lafe said. somebody,"Magazine it lawfully."get is a -way can you

if fact I wouldn't be surprised "What do you mean?"Chauncey men that's been feedin''em wouldn'tthe

Stone demanded. right keep on. Only they'll be feedlisten Lafe explained his plan in half a in'hay."our to sentences. terse this dozen Record'the hayever than More mystified stand for you'd mean "You—you departed. before And indiggers that?"asked Stone Chauncey

forenoon was half gone long, blackSPEAK credulously. "Why you'll git less the

into ing ranch. the Patterson TheFRENCHSPAMISH moneyfered."that way than what we ofropes of cattle could be seen stringloud, the incessant din reached even "My dad needs a lesson. I'm

ears Patterson. of old There Henry grimly. giving said it to him,"LafeSERMAAHTALIAN of explosion he an was wrath when Stone stepped forward Chauncey

and extended his hand. "It served saw what was happening. He belhis for didn't Lafe, but son lowed right to the us be up showed way

the to records, Cortina Finally, present. to he be seem ONCE frankly. did just said he NATyou now,""LearnURALAT way—quickly,by listening"his boots jerked lumbered and on Days'easily, cheaply.Approval Sent on 5 in a won't such be you "Maybe

satisfactory known fascinating, method ever most corrals. to the out theMost perhaps For

learningfor or perfecting yourself in a foreign hurry to judge a man,"Lafe smiled. first time in history there wasn't a Investigate! language.

the place. horse as he on Angry

to better old than was Henry knew sleds the empty /\fter FREEjust what you want BookletCortina"The to Interesting.ShortCut"—tellsGet it! know. wild, those out toward hungry the wade loped Lafe back to had departed Write Today—NOW ranch. cattle on foot.

siCortina.'Academya 1 (( Languagefor 53 Specialistsyears \) "Roll out, boys,"he called cheerily

City. Suite 25-R to the haydiggers. "I want you long past noon It was free booksend Please

to haul tonight let. out enough hay interested 105me—withoutWestin 40th(mark)obligation—yourSt., New York I am trotted corrals to the up to when Lafe

French Spanish Italian German do until tomorrow noon."and dismounted. Old Henry came

Name "What's the big idea?"a chorus plunging out to meet him.

assailed him. "What's all this about?"Patter122

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

son thundered. "Whose cattle are day, no more, no less. But even at

them? What did you let 'em come that we ought to eke out between

here for? Why didn't you stop eight and ten dollars a ton."

em/ It was a hard blow for old Henry "Well, now, Dad, you don't to take. His face congested, and Many Homes

wahta get all excited,"Lafe soothed. he half raised his hand to strike.

"Nobody drove any cattle onto our Lafe continued to smile, and made himself. strays Slowly are just to defendfeedground. no Those move to his Enjoy the sledsthat dropped old man's to follow our hand happened

home."side, and a sheepish grin spread

"What? Strays? Have you gone over his face.crazy? Why, I'll bet that every "Anyway, it took my own flesh CAS HEAT

critter Dave Elkins owns is on our an'blood to fox me,"he maintained.

feedground right now,"Henry He started toward the house, but at less cost thanroared. paused abruptly. "Hey, with all—

"Well, we've got a means of rethem cattle here our hay will be gone dress,"Lafe said mildly. "There's long before winter's over. What'll for any other fuel

an estray law, you know."happen then?"

"Stray law? What're you talkin'"Chances are they'll cut out their

about? Who cares anything for a cattle then, an'charge us thirtyeight

12monthstray law?"Henry yowled. "What dollars a ton for enough hay to get For heat alone—on a

I want is for you to get them cows our stuff on the range,"Lafe reaverage—many homes are payouta here. How we gonna feed plied laconically. ing less for Gas than was formour own stuff without feedin'them?""I'm whipped,"old Henry aderly paid for fuel which did not

mitted. have I gotta do to can't,"just "What shrugged. Lafe "We give the convenience, comfort,

I'll home?"cattle back git them law have the on some- "Well,

body for this,"Henry snorted. "But "Well, they've agreed to cut 'em cleanness and joy of Gas heat.

you git busy an'cut them cattle out out an'take 'em home if we'll sell an'fire 'em home."'em what hay we can reasonably These same homes also enjoy

Lafe a ton,"eight dollars a matter Dad. "Can't do it, As spare—at

more, but Gas for cooking, waterheating, said. "I might have got back. take fact they 'emof won't

I figger that's a fair price."and, in some instances, autoWhy should they—they haven't hay

enough to feed 'em.""All right, have it your own way,"matic refrigeration and incin-

"Well, I'll cut 'em out then, an'old Henry conceded. "But every eration.

I'll see that they take 'em,"Henry last one of 'em will be laughin'in his sleeve that horse."frothed. right now because you're "Gimme

There has never been any argu- a sucker."such to have "Sorry, I happen Dad, but

control of the cattle, and I can't "Perhaps,"Lafe said grimly. ment about the superiority of

stand for your interference,"Lafe The next time he went to the store Gas heat for uniformity, consmiled. for his mail he found himself a hero. venience, cleanness and com-

"What?"Henry bellowed. SurThat there was real gratitude on fort. Now that so many users knew, part he the of them of most surprise afterprise him was leaving

have demonstrated its economy, would of them doubted he but if any other it seemed. choice of words,no

"Don't you remember signing a have done the same thing in his why not enjoy it in your home?

paper yesterday giving me full conplace. He left shortly.

trol over the feeding and ranging of "I wonder if I have been a fool?"

the Bar P. cattle?"Lafe asked he mused, as he mounted his horse.

his habit stopped horsegently. From for us in or phone in Come schoolhouse. "Well, old front of the he but jaw dropped, Henry's Old

just particulars. Find out I the "I'll well I'd rally. just as know reckon one more desperatemade

make 'em pay me forty dollars a ton worst,"."he murmured. "If Myra how easily you can havefor every bit of hay their stuff eats thinks—automatic Gas heat.

while they're here,"he declared. He knocked upon the door, and

"I'm afraid you're wrong again, presently Myra came out. She shut

Dad,"Lafe said. "You see these the door even more swiftly than

cattle are technically strays, and the usual. Her face was radiant.

law of this state allows you for "Oh, Lafe,"she cried. "I think

feeding stray cattle just ten cents a you're wonderful."

MOUNTAIN FUEL The Silver Girdle wastrudingdiggingboulderfrantically,which nearwasa prosur- SUPPLY COMPANY {Continued from page 89) rounded by a clump of "jack pine."

head and patting her neck. She The thick growth of the pines and Serving 21 Utah Communities

looked across the field again. In their sharp needles apparently inutter amazement, she saw a man in terfered with his progress, but they Offices in Salt Lake, Ogden,

a flying suit and a helmet burrowwould effectively conceal whatever Provo ing in the ground with a sharp inhe was intending to hide.

strument. He wore gloves. He "What's he doing away with?"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936 she asked herself with a creepy feelShe stopped short—she had alINDEPENDENT BE ing as visions of the buried skeleton ready calculated the limit of her of Edmond Drood came into her safety zone. The steel spike had Vocation So Profitable! No Other

ENROLL NOW mind. a threatening air. She had chanced

For a Complete Course at the Nitana shifted her weight. Eileen against odds that there was no gun

patted her neck again and softly in the hippocket of his flying suit?

Quish School of Beauty Culture soothed her, "Quiet, Beauty!"She naturally he wouldn't anticipate beThe Best in the West gently tightened the rein. ing held up in midair—but still.

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. Taking up her field glasses, she "Quiet, Chance!"she silenced

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH focused them on the worker across the pointer's furious barking.

For Further Information the meadow. "That's no grave!"The odds were with her. Not

Call Catalog and small deep. hole and was At once The did his hand move towards his

or 7560 Wasatch the side it there of tin box. a hip. was in This Fill

"'*. s. Coupon Close to that Eileen discovered a "You're not hurt? Really?"she <Sk. "\ \

black package. Oilcloth, possibly. rattled on in a solicitous tone.

"Good night! I'll bet he's a kid- "Your sweet little tootin, I'm

naper! And that's the ransom not! What brought you here?"

money!"(he cursed under his breath.)

The flyer took a pile of green- "Broken oil line forced me down,"backs from his pockets and a piece he said aloud. "Been tinkerin'with

of cellophane paper. it; it's okay now, and I'm climbin'

"For the love of Mike!"she whisout o'here before dark. Say, who What Would pered. "Moistureproof! This was are you, anyway?"He became

You Pay for an planned.him wrap It'spile aaftertrick!"pile Sheof bills,watchedfirst yousuddenlydoing suspicious.in here? Strange"Whatpartsare

AilAround in"Mercy!cellophane,WhatandshallthenI indo?"oilcloth.She fer"Nota gal soto strange.be inhabitin'."I'm a guide

wanted to run. She was half parfrom Camp Reynolds. I saw you

with fear. cow- "No! You to help I came over and come down Servant? alyzed

telling There's ardycustard! no you weren't you. goodness Thank

what he's done—or what he might killed."Her solicitude was touchElectricity is the best do! It's up to you, Eileen!"she ing.

all around servant in | said to herself. "Then we'll both be moving.

Thanks a lot."

your home and its cost f JLlER first impulse was to "So we will. But I do need some

is now less than it has dash across the meadow. But quick help. I can't go back alone; it's

as lightning she sensed her folly. too late. Won't you come with me? ever been. No—I'll pretend I've come to help You can come back to your plane

him. He's not to suspect I know. in the morning."

With our new plan for She watched him, fascinated, "I'll be a sonof-a-gun! I didn't

Extra Electricity at j slowly gathering her courage, planask fer no company, and I'm not little scheme. ning her Sudown offerin'any!"will j HalfPrice you for grateful havdenly, she became if I ask you?""Even whiz a bandit! ing found "Gee find there is no other

Richard the LionHearted! I know "Lady, I got an engagement. I service or commodity now, I shouldn't climb mountains lost myself in the fog the other side

in your home that alone, but if I catch a crook all by o'these mountains. My little ship's

climber might or I be smart a right that for up might myself I make costs so little and does j hills stone one o'them down..."rollin'If catch mistake. I don't him

so much as Electricity. She drew a sharp breath, "Heaven right now. She cleared the hump

help me!"She felt the handle of but busted her guts. I got 'er fixed,

gettin'be- o'here I'm out and now rifle. the strength with her Then, LET'S TALK needs guide fore I reckon dark. no herself braced steelspring she of a i IT OVER for the bluff. guidin'."

.."Eileen "Okay Chance!"she snapped, "But I do. I ask you.

Electricity is the Big- "let her go!"She touched Nitana parried for time as she made ready

with her spur. The horse bounded to jump.

gest Bargain in the J forward into the clearing as the "I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I'll have..."Home flyer crossed to his plane. to refuse.

"Thank goodness you're not "Then I order!"Quick as a flash

dead!"shouted Eileen as she dashed she was off her horse with her rifle

across the meadow. "What brought pointed at the flyer. "You're game's

you down? I was afraid I'd find up! You rode in here on a plane.

UTAH POWER & youTheall smashedpilot nearlyup."jumped out of walkingYou're ridingjust behindout onyoua horse.to see thatI'm

LIGHT CO. hisers, skin.and a Herescuewasn'twasexpectingthe last thingcallyouwildernessdon't fallfromoff. theYou'veair—theseen bestthis

he was looking for. possible view to let you know what

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

a mess you'd be in if you tried to their way that much more sure out your wrist."She was horrified at

bolt. You do as I say or I'll fire..."of this unwonted region. her own words.

little hussy!"highhanded Surely this was the strangest "You long. very became shadows The

pretty "I'm surehanded, of the tips sun dropped behind I want The to that horse, know.you Get on the pines. She's "Poor Mom! don't mistreat her. won'tand She scare. hears for another she When in EVERYTHING reins contaminating! thestand Let the afraid it will about this, I'm be

hang loose. She needs no guiding! end of the West for her!"PHOTOGRAPHIC

The tinkling of the horses'bells—theWe're maredoublingand backthe dogon mywilltrackspickup the scent. Scram! Throw your was heard. "You don't need to EASTMAN

leg over that saddle!"mind those horses,"said Eileen.

"I'll be a sonof-a-.""We're walking right past them.

I string. really That's a am my

"I will, but don't tell you know guide. riding, but of I'm fond And

it again."aboutme ride, just I'd rather than now. walk kodU

When you hit the blazed trail, turn INC.

right to your keep and STORES on going. cornered, was Ihe crook

those horses toward move One it. believebut he couldn't This was and SALT 155 SouthLAKE MainCITY,StreetUTAH

too simple. With the speed of a I'll find your heart just as I shaved

rattler, up shot the pike. With the

sure aim of that reptile, Eileen fired.

She grazed his wrist—the steel rod

dropped. He jerked off his glove."You little imp!"A LITTLE LIGHT

"I meant to tell you to drop that A little light on your insurance will undoubtin the first place. Now, will you get edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underin that saddle and do as I say! Fold insured. Think what it would mean if fire

your hands behind you and don't move 'em or I'll bark the other wrist. destroyed your property.

And don't forget to treat that horse with respect; I'll be watching every UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

move you make!"See out agent in your town

"Okay, you dumbbell! It won't HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

take me long to make a getaway with a break like that!"thought he, PIIII1I1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIIIIIIIIII111M

as he slid into the saddle.

But he hadn't reckoned on Eileen's vigilance or her walkingability. One moment's slackening 1 CORNER CHINA

of the tension, and Eileen would most surely have crumpled. But she | CLOSET

short, faltered. a kept She never that of furniture will be the H A piece the distance behind on even man pride of every home.

it rifle, as heavy the horse, and her was, never lost its aim. She felt = It duplicates the most alluring items of

her gave that an unseen Power earlier a modern becomes days and H this surprising to follow strength that is unfurnishing feature of home I forest the toward criminal through the Ranger Station. And she also g excelled in convenience and beauty.

felt that, just so, Brent must have H Provides that longcherished nook for drawn on superhuman strength in B your "favorite china"where it will show getting her down from Agassiz. She to best advantage.

uttered a silent prayer; and then

"This is a country!"she said half jj Fits snugly in the corner, preventing

aloud. 1 dust collection and marring of edges.

Chance barked and yelped at jj Easily installed in any home, old or

Nitana's heels. He snapped at the % new.

stranger's feet in the stirrups of his mistress's beloved horse. Eileen or- H Priced within your reach. Ask your

dered him down. She quieted H lumber dealer or use the coupon. C-6511

Nitana by speaking calmly and soothingly to her. Beautiful, sensiMORRISON-MERRILLSalt Lake City, Utah. & CO. j=

regarding like information I would C-65U never tive creature! would = She

Cabinet. Corner = for to grateful her having cease to be CO. MORRISONMERRILL& | - Name =—situation. this in well so behaved Address = SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH I thankful Chance when was She

nosed ahead of the horse, making lllll!llllll!lllllllll|[l!lllllllll[|||||l!lll!lllllll[[|||||||lll!lllll!lllllllll

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

cavalcade that ever treaded these ning light, she thought she'd faint "What brought you in here, peaceful woods. if he didn't show up. stranger?"

"Where's Brent?"thought Eileen. "What's that to you!"

He must have seen the plane drop. "Quit snarling! I think the girl's

"Surely, he heard my shot. Why Ouddenly she heard him right. You'd better come with me.

doesn't he come?"When she spied galloping down the trail from far Just for safety's sake, I'm tying your

his white tent gleaming in the evebeyond. "Thank heaven!"she hands. Easy now... I'll take care

said. of that scratch later."

He caught sight of a stranger on "This is too easy,"growled the

Nitana. He saw Eileen pointing a man, "I might as well be sucking a

rifle at the man's back. There's nursing bottle."

trouble!"he said. "This is no fish- "What did you plug him for,

ing party! That shot! That plane! Eileen?"Stoker What's the meaning of this....""Because I didn't want him to

The brindle lunged as he felt crack my skull."

Brent's sudden check. Nitana "Shut up! I'll get you for this!"

veered; her rider wobbled. He wore rasped the crook.

a sullen, vicious expression. His Brent tied the bandit's hands bewrist was bleeding. hind him and marched him to the

"Eileen! Who is this? Why are tent. "Watch him, Eileen—I'm $160 you walking while this man rides? calling the Forestry Chief at Haninstalled in City with Are you hurt?"na."Brent also kept an eye on him

5 TON Stoker Slack FREE "I've brought you a present, as he took up his ranger's telephone.

Brent. But it's not tied up. I've "Hello...Baring on the wire.

Guaranteed to be left that for you. Get out your... Man dropped in here in a

Most Efficient rope and take this beast off my preplane... I don't trust him—He

Less to Operate cious horse. I caught him redlooks like a tough hombre...

I went out to save Girlguide up here saw him caching Less for Upkeep handed when him. Saw the plane come down. a pile of jack below the ground...

Thought I'd help, but found he Yeah, skads of it... She brought

$50 to $75 didn't need any. I saw him ditching him in to me at the end of a gun.

feet under a two pile of money shall him? I do? You Hold the What coal winter your supply and SAVED it was his. Don't ground. tell me be your This don't say! Boy! must This thrown in. Eclipse 2 size No.

Stoker is IDEAL for moderate size I'd hate to think I'd had this walk man! Sure, just like a polecat...

homes. Act quick! Was. 520. for nothing."Make it snappy!"The wire clicked;

THE HOME OP DEPENDABLE COAL "Buried treasure, huh! Whose is Brent looked contemptuous. "So

and STOKERS at the RIGHT PRICE it?"snapped Brent. you thought you'd get away with a

here MARTIN COAL CO. Loot,"He'sor notmaybetalking,ransombut I'mfortelling.some Whatpile of doyouryou Unclethink Sam'swe're updough?

49 So. Main St. 44080 So. 4th West sweet kid, I don't know. But I'll for? He's our boss. You don't

swear he's crooked!"know your Uintas."

"No, an'I don't want to; d'yu

think I flew over hell's paradise of *-0<U-4<H <obiih 5 -* 1.1 -—m-w ivnn-;;-*v-(>n-4Mafr(:ia<()<mifr< s 4Hiip>iinr!'Uiiii mm i>- my own accord! But with every

Salt Lake Qity's Newest Popular Hotel landin'field in the country baited,

I'd rather take a chance on a hole like this than walk straight into a trap. What d'yu think I carry a Hotel Temple Square radio for? News is as good in the

200 Rooms each with Tile Bath air as on the ground. I got the sign

Rates—$1.50 to $4.00 to ditch and I ditched. Five minutes

Radio Connections more back there and I wouldn't be for Every Room down here. If it hadn't a ben fer

poisonous. that brat!"look His was

/: -- sheriff until the held Brent him "TirjP: '

came.

Eileen went back for the four horses on the lope. She knew

that if she didn't get home soon there might be a catastrophe in the

Reynolds family. A full moon lighted her way. Her heart kept pace

with Nitana's swift hoofs. She was

more frightened for her mother's state of mind, than she was of the lonely forest in the dark.

Tom was at the stable to meet her.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1936

"Daddy! When did you get remained in which to get him loLake City, where he went on rare

back?"cated, to have yen with him, and to occasions, but persisted in following

"Eileen! What made you so recall to his mind that a passing his scent from t clue to clue until he

iate?"They both spoke at once. greeting in two languages, Chinese finally found him in San Francisco.

and English, with a mixture of an Ming Low had gone to the coast

JLhe news of Eileen's Indian, third, and no very clear unin a rickety old Ford, He insisted capture of the government bond derstanding of any, which took place on coming home that way. But he thief made headlines all over the in a remote canyon nearly a year arrived—he said his say in Chinesecountry. "GirlGuide Uncle Sam's ago, was now of momentous conIndian FeatherFrom-theSky inNumber 1 'G'Man,"screamed the sequence. terpreted—and the Court believed. newsies as they peddled their extras FeatherFrom-theSky was deAdams released his claim—and

from coast to coast. liberate by nature, slow and calcuEileen turned rancher. Eileen was thankful to be in the lating. Maybe that's why he She agreed with Brent—forestry

mountains. Even partial solitude wouldn't give up when he failed to and ranching might be closely rewas sweet in comparison to the pubfind the Mongolian in Park City, lated.

his trading headquarters, or in Salt The End licity she might have received—but

business doubled. Tom's—ii in Brent having heard of Tom's ii

quest became vitally Low, for Ming... THE GATES ARE ALWAYS OPEN.1 interested. Forestry. "Hm!

Ranching... blooded cattle..,.! What a beautiful relationship!"thought he. Spring Quarter

He called the regional supervisors Begins March attention to the fact that Tom needed a character to save his daughter's 23rd property. "Do you know,"he said

to Mr. Preston, the supervisor,

"where that girl gets her courage?

Take a look at her old man's eyes Summer Quarter then some you see what day—and

find o'Begins June 15 - in hers! can a pair They're

pairs!"When the case was heard in the Send for Information county seat, Preston testified that a FOUR QUARTERS OF REGULAR COLLEGE WORK MAY BE HAD AT man like Reynolds was a Godsend to the country, and that his daughter was another. Morley testified as to

the integrity of the man he had known so long. But the sensation BRiGHiunYounGiinni\

of the day was Ming Low. PROVO, UTAH

Tom hadn't found him. But a

young Ute brave had. Into the heart

of the Reservation, after the Indian youth, went Tom, when he found

Ming Low missing. Tom had faith

in this young Indian. The brave

possessed a quiet selfrespect thatTom had perceived when he first ROYAL DESSERTSbecame acquainted with him. And

selfrespect was the first thing Tom looked for in any Indian with whom SMELL AND TASTE he had dealings. Tom knew that

when an Indian has this quality he like fresh fruit!

might be a fine, rare person; and

that without it, he might be trash.

The brave spoke English fluently, Royal Gelatin Desserts have a fresh, delightful like the fresh fruit. And theand he understood Ming Low's jarfragrance—just

gon well. Tom hadn't much to offer flavor fulfils the promise of the fragrance. Seven

as Ute's search a reward for the for pure fruit flavors to choose from—Cherry, a&fe"the Mongolian, but asks an Indian Raspberry, Strawberry, Pineapple, Lemon,no reward when he works for love.

Tom was his friend. So down the Lime and Orange. And Royal Gelatin Aspic,

road to Current Creek went Featherunsweetened, for jellied meats and salads. Order

Fromthe-Sky in search of Ming several packages today from your grocer.

Low.

The time was short—Ming Low

was elusive. Less than ten days

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY issue entitled "Baseball and Mormonism in England,"by

I to me. is indeed would an inspiration Ashton J. national pronounced party is German to tryNazi—the as if Wendelllike to and a successful be Era Director very much

the first syllable. the accent se"with spelled "not on in the the assist top over putting in Era Stake Duchesne Research—the accent should fall on the "search"part Drive.

of the word. Sincerely your sister,

first met; the in as the e word S. Shields, the Marion

cat in the eve; the as word a in the e assecondGenealogy—pronounce word Stake Era Director. Duchesne

the in as a; the this pronunciation the ofplease note o

word obey; the y as in the word it—watch this y sound / / /

say IS now AGAIN UP TAKEN GAUNTLET ALLEN THEcarefully—word—paying

theto the once y. a and; theNow Panguitch, Utah, Eta: again—that'sparticularbetter—shallattention Improvement

it that say always way?we the Allen notice challenge a October by the Era we IN f 1 1 basketball family to with play from any Arizona

W. H. WILCOX AND SONS ACCEPT THE ALLEN family in the Church. other

CHALLENGE The Richards family of Panguitch accept this challenge.

Layton, Utah. Please notify the Allen family and tell them we will give

in Panguitch. the is being played This game $75 to have sons, Allen and of the issue Era, a brother October theIN School. Mutual sponsored Stake Sunday and by family one other to challenge issue any Arizona, a of

Church, (Signed) Rudolph it feel basketball. of I would forin a Church, the game

Schools. of Superintendent Sunday this challenge I posterity future to allow affront werean to my

to go unheeded. Therefore, in a spirit of good sportsmanship, have notified the Allen family of this offer. Superwe, W. H. Wilcox and sons, do challenge the aforesaid We intendent Church was once a great football end himJohn S. Allen and sons, to a game of basketball, to determine self and has coached basketball in high school.

which family should represent the Church as reigning 1 1 1 champion.

Respectfully submitted by Your Brothers in the Gospel, TEMPLE USED IN ADVERTISEMENT

W. H. Wilcox and Sons, Lynchburg, S. C,

1 1 1 Dear Editor: December 23, 1935.

FOUR HUNDRED PER CENT OF QUOTA Whilegirl attendingfriend (aa nonmember)picture show aI fewsaw daysflashedago onwiththea feel to sense of that screen a little something achievement which will inspire as well as is an caused meHERE

It advertisement in pride regards to in an was my Church. readers: interest our

Huntington Park, California, on the screen that I saw the great Mormon Temple; I was

Dear Brother Orton: December 15, 1935. also thrilled at the kind remarks the advertiser made about

Inclosed you will find cashier's check for $5800 and the Mormon pioneers, of their being driven from Missouri, twentynine director's receipts for subscriptions to The Imtheir trials and persecutions, and how they built a beautiful provement Era. city in Utah and erected their great temple.

These subscriptions come from Lomita Ward in Los The advertiser used the temple for only one purpose and

Angeles Stake, of which Leland M. Stratford is Bishop and that was to impress on the minds of the people that his

Orson W. Allred and Horace L. Harline, counselors. Brother business had grown and prospered under the same virtues

Harline has been the Ward Era Director. However, he has as did the Mormons; and those virtues were faith, courage,

been ill during recent weeks and the ward members in comand honesty.

pliment to him have cooperated in carrying the subscription Little experiences like this strengthen my faith greatly.

campaign to a most remarkable record. Sincerely,

There are twentyseven families of record in this ward and T. Edgar Player.

nine families not of record. i 1 i

result of As a all of in thesefound the campaignhomes—thirtysixjust closed,in total.the Era will be PRAISE AND CRITICISM

This represents 400% of the ward's quota and 133% of Dear Brother: Basin, Wyoming.

families of record. the

subscriptions Seven do not expire until March and these Yourkeen editorialdiscernmentqualitieswhenroseyoutoselecteda high themanifestationarticle, "Theof have all been guaranteed for renewal both by the parties Poetic Quality in the Writings of Joseph Smith,"by Isaac in whose names they appear and by the ward bishopric. B. Ball, which appeared in the December Era. I sincerely

We submit this achievement as the opening gun in the trust we may have a series of articles by the same author.

19351936 Era campaign in Los Angeles Stake. We submit The above mentioned article is worth to me, and to anyone,

it also as a goal toward which the church might strive. $2.

Very sincerely, I likewise read with interest your editorial, "Spirituality

Leo J, Muir, President. Happiness."It is inspirational but some of its advice is not

1 i i wise, as I see it. You advise us to be "praiseful, not critical,"

ERA BLESSES THIS DUCHESNE STAKE HOME andMay"tolerant,I ask younotiffaultfinding."true humility does not depend to a marked

Arcadia, Utah, degree upon keen criticism of oneself when he is blest with

Dear Editor: November 16, 1935. the spirit of divine selfdiscernment? A friend worthy of

have often felt that I would like to express my appreciation the name will "reprove"me "with sharpness."I trust he

I of the Era which is read from cover to cover by all does it graciously as the 'Prophet'advises, but if he fills members of my family, and passed out to some of the neighhis office well it must be done.

bors also. Are we not sent out as Missionaries to "reprove the

I believe in the Era and think it should be in every home world"? Does not anyone who is inspired to see the spiritual

in our Church. and moral vision of the Creator's purposes feel critical

I appreciate very much the encouraging letters received of the way man has bungled his own affairs and those of from time to time from Business Manager Orton and note society? May my 'Maker'bless me with the quality of

the wonderful work accomplished by the Era Directors in keen selfcriticism, and my friends with the courage to other stakes. I regret very much the condition that has apprise me of my ignorance and prejudices and blindness.

existed in our stake. The April Era alone is worth the price Very truly,

of a dozen subscriptions to me and the article in the October (Signed) Clinton M. Black.

For m.i.a. executives Tir?T J /TTTFkI7C DC Leaders Department OJCiir llUlLIJCiOand k3 anQ

A good workman supplies himself with proper tools.—These are the tools officers

of the Mutual Improvement Association need in their work

EXECUTIVES Price Each No. Wanted

M. I. A. EXECUTIVE GUIDE $.10

This is a new publication which replaces the supplement. It is a guide to organization, program,

procedure and other executive problems and is indispensable to efficient leadership.

M. I. A. SONG BOOK (doz. $2.50).25

This collection of songs with the supplementary information, has been selected for permanent use in the M. I. A. and therefore becomes the standard M. I. A. Song Book.

SECRETARIES 1.75 I. A. Y. M. BOOKS RECORD ROLL AND AND

is record standard cloth. Improvement book in the This for all Mutual bound For

providing adequate Roll old revision Book, space for of the and Minute Associations. two years—durablyY. ItW.is aM.complete

minutes of weekly meetings, special meetings, gatherings, etc., and also a complete roll and record.

It contains all the information called for in the annual report and in addition, provision for a comprehensive, historical record and a complete monthly financial statement. Its use is absolutely necessary if your organization is to keep pace with the M. I. A. program. Each association should start

the new season with this hew roll book. It should then he carefully preserved for the two years and

filed away as a permanent record.

INDIVIDUAL CLASS ROLL CARDS.02

These cards have been prepared for convenience in marking attendance of class members at regular weekly meetings. Their use in connection with the regular Roll and Record book insures accuracy

and saves time and labor for the Ward Secretary. Printed on heavy, tough cardboard.

COMMUNITY ACTIVITY COMMITTEE.15 for 193536 ACTIVITY COMMITTEE MANUAL COMMUNITY

Activity Committees for the coming season. It for the Community the program This manual contains

Outlines the new plan of organization and conduct of community activities in stakes and wards. It

should not be confused with the Community Activity Manual published in other years, copies of which are still available. (See below.)

1.50 A. M. I. PLAYS OF BOOK

the first time, a threeact play in addition to the three oneact plays. for contains This book

.25 Edition) (1933 ACTIVITY MANUAL COMMUNITY

Reduced from 50c. field of recreation and activity. Covers the entire

.75 SKETCHES REVIEW

Designed for Road Shows, Merry Go Rounds and Other Entertainments.

OPERETTA, "AND IT RAINED"1.00

OPERETTA INSTRUCTIONS.35

ADULT DEPARTMENT LEADERS.40 MANUAL DEPARTMENT ADULT

is including Reading. Hobbies Widtsoe, This and D. of Hour,"the by Leah the 'Brigham Young, Man

told in leader at pioneer great a is life story new of the a time way the hour."of "the the book

other at than in is widespread time probably any more life accomplishments in his interest andIt when the past. SENIOR DEPARTMENT LEADERS

.40 MANUAL SENIOR DEPARTMENT

including Hobbies. S. Geddes, Reading and Joseph Things,"Better by HighRoad 'The Community

princiapplication the of gospel Saints and Latterday life the is study of communityto among This a interest It should to be of unusual recommended. is highly Its study problems. ples to everyday

Senior Class members.

MEN M GLEANERS Wanted No. Price Price No. Wanted 40 BOOK HAND AND MANUAL M MEN

Evans. Henry by Smith,"John of Joseph Leadership "The.40 GLEANER MANUAL subjects Story. the of the Few and Address Public Use Also

Leadership of Hospitality and Use of men the young this by for at time study appropriate of Joseph Smith—Art

Story. the life this American great of as the the of Church and are sowomen

prophet. With a new approach and treatment, the author has

provided a manual that should attract large numbers to these JUNIORS

JUNIOR BOOK RECORD ROLL MANUAL AND M MENcltLSSGS of the requirements 75 Men department the with comply To M Happy Landings Youth—Let Us Act—Social.40 Dancing. with the provided is it be that each association necessary

provided information'Book. special Roll The Men M 35 for is THE PROMISED LAND qualifications for records in compiling Master required Men M

in activities this department. and BEE HIVE GIRLS

1.00 and 75 otherPIN M MEN

EXPLORERS AND SCOUTS HAND BOOK FOR BEE HIVE GIRLS.25

.60 No. TRAIL, BEEKEEPER'S OF THE EXPLORER LOG BOOK HAND

join with I. Explorers 5.25 and become A. Vanguards now M.

. LIFE REVIEW OF THE OF THE BEE....15 in a America throughout Scouts of other older thousands

part large Vanguard in National upon the founded program outlines features and suggests BOOKS OF GENERAL INTEREST the plan. No. 5 new Log

larger program. transition the into the methods for

15 Logs FIRST AID MANUAL great 2, available 4 1, will be of are still Numbers

- price of Set Leaders. to assistance Explorer3, and four—specialand BULLETIN.10 CAMP SUMMER

50c.

SCOUTING IN THE L. D. S. CHURCH, and "MAY BLOSSOMS,"by Ruth May Fox 1.00

the Scoutmaster's Minute (doz. $3.75) 35

spiritualizing Exfor suggestions Contains the Scout and orders Y. Send Publications to: I. A. and Joint M. W.

plorer programs. I. the Y. A. To W. M.for

I. to: for orders Y. Send A. and Joint Publications M. M. Street, City, Salt 40 No. Main Utah. Lake

I. the Y. A. M. M. To

Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. 50 No. Main

find enclosed $ for the items marked V find enclosed Please $ for the items marked V Please.., Name Name

Address Address.

'*m f ''m * ''*p * *m tj True

Satisfaction

Lies In

Secure

nvestments

During the past five year depression period, life insurance companies paid out more cash to living policyholders than the combined expenditure by the government for relief of the unemployment situation and their agriculture program.

Is your rUJeInsWmce\ An investment with the BENEFICIAL LIFE.BENffllAL means freedom from worry as to the safety of your investment and the security of your family.

Be particular.

IT PAYS TO BUY THE BEST—

See a Beneficial Representative for the Program to

Fit Your Needs and Your Purse.

OUR 30 YEARS OF PUBLIC SERVICE

HAS BUILT—PUBLIC CONFIDENCE If It's a BENEFICIAL Policy It's The BEST Insurance You Can Buy

J. HEBER J. GRANT GEO. W. CANNON PEIRCE EARLE

President Director VicePres. Executive & Asst. Treasurer & Dir.

J. JR. CLARK, REUBEN C. B. P. OHLSON AXEL WATKINS EUGENE

VicePres. 1st Dir. & Secretary Director E. R. Loan Dept Sup. &

0. DAVID McKAY E. LEO M. PENROSE ANDERSON WALDO

Dir. VicePres. 2nd & Secretary Asst. Supervisor Agency

FIELDING SMITH T. E. D. RALPHS BOYLE ASHBY Director Director General CounselmmmmmAMf ORVAL W. ADAMS

H. W. R. CALDERWOOD VIRGIL SMITH Director

Director Medical Asst. Secretary L.INS KUAN STEPHENJOS. CHIPMAN

Director