The Improvement Era December 1959

Gift of Health A Peace and health are often called life's greatest gifts. But even with peace

rM and prosperity we have no guarantee of good health. Take our food

preferences, for example... eating

only what we like may seriously rob the body of many nutritional elements.

And modern methods of food processing, storage and cooking can also take a heavy toll of vital food factors.

OroVita Food Supplement, with its scientific blend and balance, guarantees our complete daily requirements of all essential vitamins and minerals. Here,

truly, is a gift of health. A gift for you...

for your family... for your friends.

SEND FOR CHRISTMAS G I F T - B O X I N F O R M A T I O N

OROVITA CORPORATION

421 -423 South 5th East Salt Lake City 2, Utah Please send me information on the OroVita Vitamin and Mineral Food Supplement Christmas giftbox. OROVITAVITAMIN AND MINERAL

I in distributing your am interested product in my FOOD SUPPLEMENT literature. additional area. Please send me

OroVita is a food supplement to fortify the

Name.... daily diet and is sold only through authorized

Address distributors. Mail coupon for Christmas gift-

\ box information.

City State A. A FAMILY GIFT—Master

Art reference Bible. 64 reproductions of

famous religious paintings, 32 in color.

Biblical Encyclopedia. Red Letter

Edition. Thumbindexed. Black genuine

leather, No. 2846-1—$10.9 5; or

genuine morocco, No. 2847-I—$1 5.00.

B. SPLENDID PERSONAL GIFT

Richly bound and illustrated Bibles with Concordance, study aids. Red

Letter Edition. Red genuine leather,

Florentine gold stamped,

C. ESPECIALLY FOR YOUNG FOLKS

Colorful illustrations, easyto-read print. Red Letter Edition. Black

genuine leather limp binding embellished with Florentine gold, No. 653—$5. OO.

Black Leathertex zipper cover, overlapping covers, No. 674—$2.50.

says moi

... especially

at Christmas

Make this Christmas D. A TEACHER'S PREFERENCE more memorable for your

Beautifully bound and illustrated reference Bible with Concordance, family and friends study and teaching aids. Red Letter

Edition. Black genuine leather, with gifts of the Holy Bible

... an eloquent expression

E. TO DELIGHT A CHILD—The of the true spirit of

Rainbow Bible, with durable fullcolor pictorial cover, 8 fullcolor illustrations Christmas. World Bibles

and many appealing extra features.

beautiful editions at modest

F. FOR BIBLE STUDENTS prices. All are printed on

Easyto-carry Bibles with Concordance and study aids. Red Letter Edition, World IndoText, loveliest

in Leathertex, Illustrated. Bound

white, Zipperclosed 236CZ, or i; of India papers. No.

black, No. 231CZ—$4.00. Black

overlapping covers, No. 230C—$3.00

G. (Not Shown) LARGE PRINT br(S2BiS(e$ BIBLES—Large selfpronouncing AUTHORIZED KING JAMES VERSION

Pica type. Geographical Index, 16 maps.

Black genuine leather, No. 7 14—$9.50Black Leathertex, No. 711—$5.00. Wherever books are sold.

THE WORLD PUBLISHING COMPANY

Cleveland 2, Ohio Bible Publishers to America tefeasw*i,;f VH**000**jaw******

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Contents for December 1959 Volume 62. Number 12

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Spirit of Christmas, President David O. McKay 894 OfficialQuorums,organMutualof theImprovementPriesthood

The Joseph Smith Home, Carter E. Grant 898 Associations,Committee, DepartmentWard Teachers,of Education,Music

General Conference Section: 910 to 966 andChurchotherof agenciesJesus Christof theof

Preach the Word, President David O. McKay., 911 Latterday Saints.

The Task Ahead, President J. Reuben Clark, Jr...: 914

Know the Truth, President Henry D. Moyle. 914

The Value of the Gospel, President Joseph Fielding Smith 916 (The remaining conference talks are presented in the order in which they were given) The Church Moves On, 888; Melchizedek Priesthood, Do This and Your Problems Are Solved,

904; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 908.

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS Special Features Markow,Arnold Friberg,Phoenix,art,884894895

Era Staff, art and pbotos, 885,

The Story of a Friendship, Gordon T. Mired 900 991,898899,992, 900,996, 908,998, 910966,1000

A Reading Christmas 906 JohnVirginiaDavenport,Sargent, art,art, 906896

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 974, 980, 986, 997

These Times: Goodwill Toward Men, G. Homer Durham, 884; Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 885; Conference Index, 889; Letters and Reports, 890; Animal Tales, Gertrude

Cramer Williams, 991; Bookrack, 999.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Christmas Kitchen Talents 992 Handy Hints 995 On Being a Lady—"Graciously Receive"996

Christmas Is for You, too, Mother, Pauline French Stacy.'.. 998

The Last Word 1000

Stories, Poetry

Christmas Is the Same, Christie Lund Coles 896

Kayaks down the NileIll, John M. Goddard 902 ''. '.:V: |::

Poetry 920, 943, 949, 952, 960, 985, 986 THE COVER "And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there

was no room for them The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah inOurthecoverinn."is a(Lukesection2:7.)from

Arnold Friberg's "The entire The David Richard O. and McKay in black Editor; Production Albert L. Zobell,L. Evans,Jr., ResearchEditors; DoyleEditor;L.JohnGreen,G. Kinnear,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Marba C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalphJ. ReynoldsMoFFrTT, paintingNativity."

Arnold Directors. and whiteis inproduced Art Maryon, and Ed

Archibald F, Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Huch Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors. Friberg's Little Christmas

JosephThayerT.Evans,Bentley,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager;Representative,Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Book.The layout and illustration

for "The Editor's Page"of All rights Christ Saints. of Inc., Associations the of Latterday Church Jesus published Improvement Funds, by the Mutual Mutual and 1959 Copyright by (page 894)

issues. for single special year, copy, Subscription except price, in advance; in reserved. $2.50 foreign a year, $3.00 a advance; 25c subscriptions, also the workthisof monthBrotheris

at for provided rate special of in section 1103. Salt for mailing postage Office, City, matter. as secondclass Acceptance the Post Entered Lake Utah Act Friberg.

1918. 2, authorized of Octoberat 1917, July

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of lVzc

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

notice days'Thirty cannot changes be madeis requiredunless forthe changeold addressof address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Cover lithographed in full color

by Deseret News Press.

882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '':=#*3a?8??K:;mm*%

DECEMBER 1939 883

Brighten your holidays These Times enjoy Hotel Utah often

a sure

sign of

Christmas when the giant, gaily John Kenneth Orton

lighted tree

fills the Hotel Goodwill Utah lobby with the fragrance of Toward Men by G. Homer Durham

pine boughs. We Vice President, University of Utah

hope you'll stop in often to enjoy this Few there are who give and ask touch, as husband, father, churchnothing in return. Fewer give withman, leader in the growing American

annual treat, and the out reason except to give. Is it more motor hotel business, interior deblessed to give than to receive? sign, landscaping, and the book

many exciting special Most of us know this homily largely business. When he suddenly died at

the of fiftythree, receiving end. Christmas the age in Phoenix, holiday events. Throughfrom

us. reminds Arizona, something in the wonderful

out the holiday season This Christmas I think of the human experience passed forward men and women who give much to to the next horizon. Signing himself

there's much excitement many. They ask little except for as "J. K. Orton,"he was better known

opportunity. One such, a friend to his friends as "Ken."

at Hotel Utah, including now gone, comes forcibly to mind. This quiet man's life suggests a

Christmas Eve, Christmas He was a big fellow with a bigger common error in human relationheart. The average passerby would ships. We often underestimate the

Day, New Year's Eve and ordinarily not appreciate him. He innate goodness and loving kindness

sought no personal publicity. He of men and women. Born and bred

New Year's Day. Come in was shy and retiring. He helped in a cynical age, in a world of

or call us for our Christmas build this magazine as its business slippery things, of wars and suspimanager through depression and cions, we should shake off the folder containing complete years of war. He filled a mission temptation to see everything always

and learned a new language. He through pessimistic eyes. Around

details. There's holiday pleasure returned later to Tahiti and presided us are people with qualities such as

over that mission. He helped build one learned to appreciate in Ken

for you every day at Hotel Utah. modern structures there. He built Orton.

businesses in Salt Lake City and in Serenity, without retreat into bitthe great American southwest. He terness or resignation at the evil in

contributed heavily to new church the world, is a need of these times.

edifices, not only for this Church, Among the many nervous friends of but for others. He was more than a us all, how many do we know who HOTEL businessman. One had to view him really reflect serenity of spirit?

at close range to appreciate his deft (Continued on page 975) UTAH

Max Carpenter, Manager

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHOCOLATE

Smart new party cookie

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Physical Fitness Records Not many participants in the new physical fitness programs will be able to equal the records set by J.

M. Barrett of Carlisle, New South

Wales, Australia, who jumped a rope 11,810 times in a single day, or of

Max Danthage, Vienna, Austria, who made 6,000 deepknee-bends in four hours.

Irrigation

Serious attention is now being given in the United States, Australia, and Russia, to the influence of irrigation on the temperature and humidity of the lower air layers, and the energy balance of the ground. It has been found in Australia that nonirrigated soil is many

degrees warmer, and the air three feet above it has about 10 percent lower relative humidity. Experiments

in Australia also show that from the viewpoint of water economy it is better to have few large irrigated areas instead of many small ones.

Whale Radar

Whales and other underwater mammals use echo location. Echo

location uses the sending of short pulses of sound and listening to their echoes as is done by bats and sonar with submarines. Whales can interpret various kinds of echoes with

great accuracy.

DECEMBER 1959 885 Gift Book* IDS

1. RELIGION AND THE yJMtMmmi m PURSUIT OF TRUTH

Lowell L. BennJon lit

Dr. Bennion offers genuine understandingand a true helping hand in this book to 5byoung people confused by modern scien- 2

tific and philosophical theories. It's truly a

book that will lead to greater faith in one's 07..m

search for truth in all areas of living.

2.75

2. I SAW ANOTHER ANGEL FlY!

Carter E. Grant

Author of "Kingdom of God Restored"has now written this exceptionally readable history of the LDS Church for teens and young adults. It covers all the high lights

and expresses genuine testimony of the truth of the

Restored Gospel. 25 pictures and maps. Complete

index. T 3.50 -Jj& These LDS classics and standard works now in new library bindings of fabricated leather (new Fablea).

a- BOOK OF MORMON 2.25

b. ARTICLES OF FAITH 2.50

CJESUS, THE CHRIST 3.50

886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3. FAMILY NIGHT FUN

Shirley and Monroe Paxman Here's a book that provides many planned activities to enliven family nights, cement closer ties and build wholesome attitudes in young lives. 9 0S

4. TALK TOPICS

Jennie Brown Rawlins

lessons, Spark up talks, family discussions and these stories, original with anecdotes, and illus- -<4jpn-.ispp <:.--

trations, all alphabetically arranged for instant use.

1.75 m***** 5* BiiSflig

5. COMMENTARY ON THE BOOK <0 ifelNns*,V jfc.C*"*!*

OF MORMONVolume IV George Reynolds and Janne M. Sjodahl

This fourth volume makes an excellent commentary on Chapters 27 through 44 in the Book of Alma.

It will stimulate you with renewed enthusiasm for scriptural reading. r f\(\

OIK Of MORMON 6. POCKET MISSIONARY BIBLE

y/4 "x 5 l/4 "size, bound in genuine leather.

Complete with Concordance, Maps, and

LDS Ready Reference.

Black!eather-8.50

White leather-! 0.00

7. POCKET TRIPLE COMBINATION

Matching pocketsize companion to Pocket Missionary

Bible, containing Book of Mormon, Doctrine and

Covenants, and Pearl of Great Price. Rich Persian

Morocco Leather cover and fabric lining.

Black leather-6.00 White leather-6.75

8. THE DEAD SEA SCROLLS AND

CHRISTIANITY ORIGINAL Co.

O. Preston -- Robinson DesetetiSBooh44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah

This book presents the LDS viewpoint of the Dead Sea

Scrolls and their significance to the Restored Gospel. DESERET BOOK COMPANY

Written by general manager of the Deseret News who 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah twice visited the Dead Sea area. o q/\ Gentlemen:

Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order { ) I have on acPlease charge. Amount enclosed $ for encircled 9. PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH count.(numbered) books:

Preston Nibley I 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10a 10b 10c this revised, Newly nine presidents volume on the of Name II latest presents Church biographical facts on the LDS the life of President David O. McKay. Timely, upto- Address I

date, with pictures of all presidents. A CQ City.. Zone State. I

Use your Deseret Book charge account. Residents of Utah include 2'/2% sales tax. I

DECEMBER 1959 887 The Church

JVLoRE THAN 12 MILLION DOLLARS in meat and meat products was purchased in Utah last Moves On year by Safeway Stores. Of this

amount, more than 50% or $6 milSeptember 1959 lion was beef or beef products.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of four

All of the beef sold in Utah and jj new mission presidents:

Idaho Safeway Stores last year was Elder Franklin D. Richards, currently serving as president of the Millcreek (Salt Lake County) Stake Mission, has been

purchased in Utah and Idaho. called to the presidency of the Northwestern States Mission, sucPurchases of beef for Safeway ceeding President Douglas H. Driggs. President Richards served

as a missionary in the Eastern States from 1920 to 1922. He has a

Stores were made from more than record of lifelong activity in the Church. Mrs. Richards will accom30 suppliers in all parts of the two pany him to this new field of labor. The couple has four grown

children. states. Safeway's policy of purElder Frank H. Brown, currently serving as president of the

chasing only homegrown meat Big Horn (Wyoming) Stake Mission, has been called as president

Ross President Mission, succeeding Central States M. the Eastfor its Utah and Idaho stores gives of president of Big is a former President Richards. Horn Brown

local packers a dependable and Stake, and a former bishop of Lovell (Wyoming) Ward. He has

steady market and lends an imporalso served in the MIA in Wyoming and southern California.

Mrs. Brown will accompany him upon this mission, as will two of

tant stabilizing influence on the their three children, James Frank, and Delilah Suzanne Brown.

industry. Elder A. Gideon Omer, a native of Sweden, currently a member of the Holladay (Salt Lake County) high council, has been

During the past year Safeway called as president of the Swedish Mission, succeeding President has had promotion after promotion Harry T. Oscarson. President Omer began a mission in Sweden

transin I, he was outbreak 1914, of World with the 1913; Wardrawing attention to the excellence in of bishop States to Mission. a former ferred the Northern He is

of this homegrown meat and inHolladay Ward, and has served on the high council of the Cottoncreasing the consumption. wood and Holladay stakes. Mrs. Omer will go on this mission

with him. The couple have seven children.

These are some of the ways that Elder John Henry Volker of the University Ward, University

Safeway Stores, Inc. supports the (Salt Lake City) Stake, has been called as president of the Netherlands Mission succeeding President Rulon S. Sperry. President

Utah and Idaho Cattle Industry Volker, a native of Ogden, Utah, filled mission in the Netherlands and at the same time provides the 190811. Mrs. Volker will accompany him upon this mission.

finest meats for Utah and Idaho

October 1959 families.

Elder Harold M. Wright sustained as president of Hillside

President Stake, succeeding City) Casper H. (Salt Lake FRIEND OF THE FARMER Elders Francis are counselors Parker. and C. Bromley New

FRIEND OF THE FAMILY Douglas Hill Smith. Released with President Parker were his

counselors, Elder Wright and Elder J. Stuart McMaster.

Elder Irwen G. Derrick sustained as president of San Francisco (California) Stake, with Elders Willard Barton and Milton D.

Ensign as counselors. They succeed President Serge J. Lauper and

his counselors, Elders Wallace N. Allred and H. Herman Schettler. SAFEWAY

Elder Lester J. Lees sustained as second counselor to Presi-

(Continued on page 990)

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA October Conference Index Startyour membership

Speakers with Benson, Ezra Taft 956 Brown, Hugh B 954 Buehner, Carl W. 934

Christiansen, EIRay L 944 Clark, J. Reuben, Jr 914

Critchlow, William J., Jr. 920

Dyer, Alvin R. 924

Hanks, Marion D 924 Hinckley, Gordon B 958 Hunter, Howard W 962 Hunter, Milton 928 Isaacson, Thorpe R. B 946

Ivins, Antoine R 958 lill Kimball, Spencer 938 W Longden, John 926 A Faith to Live By, by Elder McConkie, Bruce R 934

McKay, David E. Petersen. O Treats Mark 962 such

Morris, George Q sii, 932 subjects as divine authority, Moyle, D. Henry!914

Petersen, Mark 922 E leadership, home life. $3.50

.... Richards, LeGrand 930

Sill, Sterling 952 Smith, Eldred WG. 940 Book

Smith. Joseph Fielding 916

Sonne, Alma 936 Stapley, Taylor, Henry DelbertD L 948944 and add LDS books to

Tuttle, A. Theodore 918

Wirthlin, Joseph L 942 Young, Levi Edgar 950 Young, S. Dilworth 950 your library regularly

Subjects Religious Truths Defined, by Joseph

Aaronic Priesthood 942 Fielding Smith, Jr, Compares teachAdmonition 934 ilS ings of several religious faiths with America 956 doctrine. revealed $3.95 Apostles 911 RUTHS call Apostleship 960

Baptism 916 Bible 950, 952 Book of Mormon Stories for Young JHormon of ${rws Book Mormon Latterday 958 Saints by Marr Emma Central America 928 Petersen. Tells stoBook of Mormon Children 916, 954

ries so our young people will underHistory Church 924

Communism 911, 914, 956 stand and love them. $3.25

Constitution 954 Democracy 954 Discernment 914 Eternal Life 936 Faith 914 Government four every With books receive you 954 buy you a

Healings 940 list select from a long of choice bonus books Holy Ghost 914, 934 fifth book free.., a book you will

Immortality 946, 962 provided. Thus you get five books for the price of four.

Jesus Christ 911, 920, 936, 938

Jews 936 Lamanites 928, 938 Love 948 Loyalty 948 Marriage 922, 932 Select one or more of the books described here. Fill

Missionaries 914, out the blank 930 mail it with below and check or your order. money Each monthMotherhood 918 will receive reviews you of several carefully If selected books. the you wish topNew Testament 936

Parents 922 it you will book do nothing—be sent postpaid along with a statement. If you Pornography 926, 952, 956

not the the return do wantPriesthood book, postcard provided for alternate (or an 946 at none

Prayer 926 all). Order as few as every book three one to months keep your membershipProphecy 928 """""""'950Reading active.

Rehabilitation 958 Repentance 916 Restoration 944 MAIL TODAY Salvation 924 Service 918 LDS BOOKS CLUB Sin P. O. Box 385, Salt Lake City 7, UtahStandard Works ZZZ:L.Z.M4926, 934

Teenagers 922 Please enroll me as a member of the LDS

Testimony 940 Books Club and send to me: Live A FaithTolerance 954 By ( ); Religious Truths Defined ( ); BookTruth 942

Visions 928 of Mormon Stories for Young Latterday

TeachingWard ( ).

Welfare Program 934934 Saints Young, Joseph 950 Name Youth 956 NOTE: Three members of the Council of the Address

Twelve did not address the conference. Elder CityHarold B. Lee was in South America and Books

Elder Marion G. Romney was in Europe, both State

on assignments to the missions. Elder Richard

L. Evans addressed the nationwide radio audiAmount of check or money order enclosed

ence of the Columbia Broadcasting System on $the "Church of the Air."

residents (Utah sales tax.) You add 2V2%

information send Club may on separate sheet.)

DECEMBER 1959

Letters and Reports

Three girls recognized for their outstanding achievements in the Phoenix North (Arizona) Stake Beehive swarm day are (left to right) Wilma Hinton, 33 honor badges; Karalee Gerber, 53 honor badges;

and Judy Wright, 43 honor badges. All

three girls have worked hard and are a credit to their stake.

Pictured are Spanish American members of the Long Beach to.. Branch, Long Beach

( California ) Stake, who took part in the stake roadshows prellVe sented recently. Colorful costumes and *h cheerful faces reflect

fine of the enmuch in the peothese tertainment ple provided the Saints in that area.

of roadthe Members sun left to cast from show right are (seated) Gus 1?!

a 33V3 rpm record Perez, Larry Noriega, produced by the Rubalcava;Dolores Noriega,(secondNefi row) Juan Perez, (back row) Matt Lugo, Mary Alice Tyler,

AudioVisual Center, Rosamunda Perez, Luz Noriega, Mary Margaret Archuletta, Norma Caro, and

Brigham Young University Vasquez, Nellie Mendoza, Jesus Quesada: Adolph Saavedra.

Here for the first time in one collection are The opening social heartwarming, straightforward answers to the of the Sanford Branch, questions youth and others ask about perOrlando ( Florida sonal conduct. This record is compiled so that Stake, Mutual Improvement Associayouth may find a set of guideposts; so that tions was in the formit may listen and come away uplifted. of a family luau. 1

TO LIVE IN THE SUN implies a way of life branchFortyfivemembersbarefootedand and our faith in what the future may hold. friends enjoyed Hawaiian

The record contains eight excerpts from BYU dancing.style foodPicturedand

Devotional Assemblies. Participating are Elders above are MIA ofSpencer W. Kimball, Harold B. Lee, and EIRay ficers and teachers

L. Christiansen. who helped make the

event a success. From

left to right they are $4.95 postpaid from Brumley,Jan Brumley,MarjorieStanley

Carlton, Rebecca Deseret Book Company Moore, Irene Brooks, 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Helen Tyre, Mary Elizabeth Adams, NormaJean Beverly, Freeman Baggett, Clara Mae Eternal Questions

Pitts, and James G. Brooks.

Our apologies to James B. Allen, Associate Director, LDS Institute of Religion

at the University of Southern California, in Los Angeles, for attaching to his article, "Leadership Training in the Classroom,"page 822 of the November issue, "Utah

State College."Our regrets, too, to Utah

State University, for using their former name.

Lewiston, Idaho Dear Editors:

These magazines add so much to my life and happiness, I hope I can always keep them coming to my home.

Keep up the good work. God must be

very proud of you all.

Sincerely, Mrs. Bob Britt The answers to the really big questions of eternity are the sum of

many little answers given clearly.

Dear Editors: Many electrons, neutrons and protons make up an atom. Many atoms

Fine Arts Department of the Head As to take make a molecule. Many molecules make an element. Many elements University I want State of Utah

this opportunity to express my encouragemake a planet. Many planets make a solar system. Many "systems"

obvious attempt to in your youment to make a universe. A universe is the result of a plan carried out by... magazine. ourimprove Church

; I first noted a significant improvedivine persons having eternal life.

'ment when you began using some excellent and new color photographs for the cover The Universe is the home of our God, and of his many children, Man.

of your publication. Your special edition

on contemporary LDS architecture was The progress of men's children through eternity is exactly equal to superb. Those of us in the Fine Arts, are the number, clarity and completeness of the answers they get to their

shouting hosannas to see our Church begin to catch up at long last in the field of conmany "little"questions.

temporary architecture for religious strucAll children ask questions and seek answers. All parents "love"theirtures

# ** 8 * * children. Intelligent parents do more. They dearly love to help

I started this letter specifically to thank you for using this fine painting of Professor children find answers. Fortunate is the child who has a dependable

Thorpe's, Everett your Sea Gulls,"on "The I source of interesting answers to questions that even parents cannot issue Era. ImprovementAugust of The

am sure that you will find outstanding answer by themselves.

works of art from other LDS painters who may be associated with other institutions of A library of well chosen books, with a Bible, a dictionary, and a good in practice. private learning orhigher encyclopedia, is an absolute necessity in an adequate L.D.S. home.

I encourage and youAgain you commend in this great step forward. If there is anyAll that -children can get from the best books is never good enough.

State thing do which at Utah we can UniBut without this help, children are seriously handicapped.

in to assist versity important your you responsibilities please do not hesitate to let To "seek learning out of the best books"does indeed prove that "the us help you in every way.

Glory of God is intelligence, or light and truth."

Sincerely yours, Twain Tippets, Chairman Department of Fine Arts, Utah State University MY ORDER FOR THE WORLD BOOK ENCYCLOPEDIA or THE WORLD BOOK ENCYCLOPEDIA AND CHILDCRAFT

Field Enterprises Educational Corp.

Merchandise Mart Plaza, Chicago 54, Illinois

Koneohe, Hawaii J. ALLEN ENGLISH, Division Manager

ST. 244 CITY, EAST 4TH - SALT SOUTH LAKE UTAH Aloha:

Encyclopedia. of The Please enclosing send one set Book order World a check me I am or money outstanding for thanks an magaMany to rate the certify at agree that balance the $10.00 of $10.00 pay and per month. I hereby

zine. issue cover for from cover to read the We legal of age. I am

and there's always a contest to see who gets CHECK ONE:

ivory, aristocrat it is first, first. the send binding. Please Please the President red binding. usually send daugher Lucy My

Price transportation. Price plus plus tax and $149.00 $169.00 tax and transportation. rest until family the has of to wait the and

$189.00.) $169.00.) (In Canada (In Canada

it. it all reads of convert she has As a

Book, the send Please Book, ivory, and The send World World red and greater a understanding helped give me in in 15 in addition lo 15 volumes in addition c/>3- PleaseCHILDCRAFT volumes CHILDCRAFT to 5"to strengthen of the gospel and my testiPrice The $249.00. Price Book. World Book. World $229.00.

save every issue. Again Mahalo mony. We

Signature nui loa. croo Name Mrs.Mr. Write—Do Not Print

Miss Print Clearly Aloha, Dorothy Mahunalii Kaohimaunu Mail Address

Street and Number Street and Number

City State In full) County City State (In full)

DECEMBER 1959 891 1,ei l {v:

i*,v.:*;

fiwnVWtf* These Walls

1. Religious Ah$

Defined. y by Joseph mkwJK"'iT Live By tersen ences &E. storiesNeprinted

These a choice Here sir* comare doctrine, vealecf editori from ed authoritative this in pared the which "C Evans to deterorder in volume s treat t topics Lord of The decades will the mine as morality, h SL. questions. from doctrinal WW"iree on vital parert relachild $3.95 hMmspired tionshi leadership and $3.00 aror*l lworld. listeners thority. divine stim- A crWlection HerenWneei|hJb ulating book. is of these littfl iiJm $3.50 Kriety rTreSB tinguished

and superiJP'ojj|rzation than previous volumes.

$3.00 j BOOK OF I MORMON

.-ku-..-.

A Boolof ODD Mormon WMm\\H%, Tr<reasury jpronnt Era") Chm* ptjars analyze BookTSI and characters,* exjfcine their language, custom's "and culture, and present overwhelming evidence to substantiate and clarify the teachings of this sacred - V0,ume $3.50

ESPECIALLY

FOR TEENAGERS 'Jiik V**Ji*y*l Z&jf*-m a 6. Morre Pre.ecious Than 8. Except Thep

Rub,ie. AgreW

.. -. 4.4.'. by S. Dilwarth Young

:gue of lem Written expjly for boys ".w*ien—a boy The marup with interde al

and penly are is used riage such on counsel wile offers Petersen. X.:;.*'pel docfrankly, the as topics pit- r*yme farents the of teenagers wisely.:-"".'.*.. yerBerd priesthood,."- * outside ot r:lcome this book. of falls revaftd chastity, Wisdom, faith. your a man $2.25 by Written elation.

who loves and understands $1.00

boys. *200

892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GAMES FOR THE ENTIRE FAMILY

9- Zion New Family O

Christmas. S Doard and spinner nA idealJ r egameGspeJ.for

$2.59 11. Mormon Baseball

similar to those 70 - Exaltation rules * learn.

$2.49

+k* SferSfffSSWprinciples of Mormonism. Caches the has.c$1.,5

IDEAL GIFTS FOR CLASS BEST

MEMBERS OR AWARD WINNERS SELLERS

p

16. Science and 17. Pathways To

]5 - Faith Silhouettes Happiness Christmas 13. Your leadership

R. McKay Llewelyn and O. McKay by David by David O. by McKay Sterling God in demake fantasy a story and Each true R. Green chapter W. m A is Paul full by f compiled time. Christmas at practical reading lightful wise, 5 and satdis- scientists 35c the helps. secret Vs A book religion. leadership, nf'Leading +*,u youisfying 11 cuss love ability. Bethlehem and of cherish. Shepherds 14.

Lee Wilford D. by

never been $3.50 $3.95 has Christmas The story of

told more appealingly. 35c

BOOKCRAFT 1259 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ) for: $

v? 5S& =5& fev 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17

.*: 1 -"i: Xf&''&.- 123456789

Jl>- NAME

ADDRESS

CITY STATE

DECEMBER 1959

AyAAxaae With a, uxaxienae and, apromise.

T THE RENEWING of this glorious season it is important to realize that Christmas, the day which has been set aside to celebrate Christ's birth, is recognized as a day that should "change all grief into love."

The danger which arises in our celebration on Christmas is the possibility of subordinating the real purpose of commemorating the spiritual to be overshadowed by the material. The true spirit of giving happiness to others, the

fellowship of good friends, and the satisfying knowledge that Christmas reminds us of Christ's promise of a new and better life must always be uppermost in our minds. The heavenly host that praised God and

said: "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men"

(Luke 2:14), give us these keynotes:

1 Faith in Deity is the first essential to happiness and peace.

2) Brotherliness is the second essential by which this happiness and peace can be maintained.

It is fitting at Christmas to renew our desires and to strengthen our determination to do all that lies within our power to make real, among men, the message heralded by the angels when the Savior was born. Let us glorify God

by seeking the good, the true, the beautiful. Let us strive to establish peace

on earth by exercising that same goodwill toward one another which God has shown toward us!

When he came as a lowly babe, there was no room at the inn; today, every

heart and every home should bid him welcome. If such were true, selfishness,

fronvjrejiAac JJ)ca/idL (DAAcKoj

jealousy, enmity, and all things which bring unhappiness would be replaced by kindness, willing service, and goodwill.

The source of happiness is within one's soul. So springs faith in Jesus

Christ, our Lord and Savior. First then, let each individual admit into his own

heart the true spirit of Christmas. Then let it radiate throughout his home. A

thousand such homes would make a true Christian city, and a thousand such cities would build a true Christian nation.

Christmas is a time in which to remember the Christ. It is a day in which

to fortify our faith, and draw near to the Father of the Babe of Bethlehem.

He lived for us, that we might live; he died for us, that we may sometime

escape the bonds of sin and death. He pointed the way which leads into the

very presence of him to whom Christ prayed upon the cross: "Father, forgive

them; for they know not what they do."(Ibid., 23:34.)

He came to give us life eternal. Let us accept his gift with gratitude.

Without Jesus Christ, the Risen Lord, the world cannot survive. The true

spirit of Christmas is the Spirit of Christ.

Yes, Jesus is the Prince of Peace, but he will not bring peace to the world in any magic way. As he has always done, he will grant it only according to

the law upon which it, like all blessings, is predicated. Hate breeds hate; love

begets love; kindness invites more kindness; and kindness and love beget peace.

When mankind learns this simple lesson, peace will come to them as a natural result. Predatory interest will fade away. Men will see one another as

brothers, each one created in the image of God. They will understand that to

love God, they must first love their neighbors as themselves.

The children's eyes were brighter than the baubles—chipped and broken—which were

taken from a box on the closet shelf.

ft 't?- &8&**3*i

.

Diane Schubert closed the worn, green reader, and although it seemed that way compared to this hamlet.

smiled at the ten small faces before her. "Now, we The thought of the big Christmas tree, the house all

are going to decorate for the Christmas party. And warm and cozy, the expensive gifts, the baking and

you may take your drawings and other papers home."roasting (nobody could cook like her mother). The

The children hurriedly picked up their papers then homesickness was so great that she felt she would gathered around her, waiting to be told what to do probably not even come back for the second half of to make the small, bare schoolroom festive for the the year. Surely, they could get someone else, and

party. Their eyes were brighter than the baublesif they couldn't, well, she had served her term. Let

chipped and broken—which were taken from a box on someone else take a turn. All the young people her

the closet shelf. The ropes of heavy tinsel were own age were married, the younger ones had nothing

tarnished and oldfashioned. in common with her. She grew hungry for talk of

"Looks like this is pretty old,"she said, half to herbooks and town doings, the young people in the ward, self. "I'll be going to Richardson tomorrow, and I'll the Mutual with its crowded chapel, instead of the

buy some new. We can put it up at the last minute.. small branch with its few members.

before your parents get here."She didn't say much to the children. They had

One girl, Laurel, older than the others and the confided their plans to her, had asked her to stay and usual spokesman for the group, said, "You see, we spend Christmas with them. Though she was sure

didn't have a party last year. We didn't have a that in their hearts they knew it could not be so.

teacher. We're so happy to have you, Miss Schubert.""Home is part of Christmas,"she had told them.

Her rather large and awkward arm went about the "Everyone wants to be with the ones they love."

back of the chair. And Lucy—shy, little Lucy with the grave, gray

The sudden show of emotion rather embarrassed eyes, had said, "We love you."

Diane, who was only twenty, and still felt a bit ill at Instinctively, as one responds always to sincere ease with these children in this rural town, practically love, she put her arms about the child, assuring her, isolated from the world. She had come here because "I love you, too."And for the first time had realized

she didn't have her certificate and needed money to that it was true.

finish her education. She had come here, too, because Now, she brought herself to the business at hand

she had read of the town's desperate need for teachers. which was to decorate the room, make it as bright

Somehow, it had seemed like a challenge, like someas possible for their party. She picked up the ornathing one ought to do. She had been here for nearly ments and directed their efforts, assisting where she

four months, trying to be part of the little, isolated was needed. When it was finished—not too happily,

community, its monotonous days and doings. for her—they took their wraps and started toward

But in three more days she would be going home. home, the children telling her the various things they

She would go to Richardson tomorrow, pick up her would bring—cookies, candy, and cocoa that could

train ticket, and two days later would be on her be warmed on the oldfashioned stove in the small way... back to the stores, the lights, the excitement room behind the classroom.

of the city, which wasn't such a large one, either, As they started down (Continued on page 970)

.

StaffordThe Joseph Smith Home

by Carter E. Grant

The first home established by the Smiths in Newwhich the Smith family lived from about 1824 till

York as recorded in history was on their onehundred after the year 1830."5 It is an eightroom structure,

acre farm, two miles south of Palmyra, and three miles "and with the exception of the front porch, the roof, northwest from the Hill Cumorah. and an addition in the rear, is substantially as it stood

"When Joseph was twelve years, his father and when Joseph's parents occupied it."

mother and family of nine children moved into their Contrary to the desires of the researcher, the Prophet new log farmhouse, consisting of two rooms on the does not mention the new house or the necessary ground floor and two bedrooms upstairs. To make struggle of the family to erect it. However, during

living quarters more comfortable, however, another the three and a half years following his First Vision, room of sawed logs was added, making a fiveroom he records sufficient of his experiences to let the log house.... Praising the industry of the Smith reader understand that the family budget was being

family, William, the Prophet's brother, states: 'The strained to the limit, owing, no doubt, to their paying

amount of cleared land gradually increased from for the farm as well as securing materials for the thirty to sixty acres, and there were from twelve to new home.

fifteen hundred sugar trees on the place from which Referring to himself during these lean years, he sap was gathered in the spring and converted into writes that he "was doomed to the necessity of obmolasses and sugar.'1 The mother observes also that taining a scanty maintenance by daily labor."He

'it was only two years since we entered Palmyra, adds: "I continued to pursue my common vocation

almost destitute of money, property, or acquaintance. in life until the twentyfirst of September, one thouThe hand of friendship was extended on every side, sand eight hundred and twentythree."7 During these

and we blessed God, with our whole hearts.'2 "3 days Joseph mentions working with his father and

About two years after the Prophet's First Vision, brothers in the fields, but not upon the new home, the Smith family was preparing to build a large frame which was under construction when Moroni visited the [lumber] building. (For two views of this home after Prophet, three months before his eighteenth birthday.

completion, see Birth of Mormonism in Pictures, It seems that during the winter months was the only

George E. Anderson and John Henry Evans. 4 ) The time that the Smiths worked on their new home. Nocaption reads: "Here are two views of the house in vember is mentioned, at least two different years, as the

!B. H. Roberts, Comprehensive History, Vol. T, p. 40: Carter E. Grant, period of shifting from the farm to the building pro23. p.The Kingdom of God Restored,

Smith, History p. 65. gram. At any rate, it is clear that the building project Smith, 2Lucy of Joseph

'Grant, ibid., 23. 5This ast date should read December 20, 1828, Grant, ihid., p. 69.

Copyright, 1909 by Joseph F. Smith for the Deseret Sunday School "Grant, ihid., p. 33.

"Union "Documentary History of the Church, Vol. I, Period I, pp. 7, 9.

S98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Street, Palmyra, New York

'An illustration of the gable of the present

Smith home, now standing on the Smith

Farm. This structure was completed in the

winter of 1825.

spread over two or three winter seasons and was finally Joseph received his manifestations, September 21, finished by a hired carpenter in the summer and fall 1823, there the whole Smith family was also. There

of 1825. is not the slightest historical evidence that Joseph

Some ten months prior to the first visitation of made his way alone upstairs to an unfinished "bedMoroni, the mother comments: "We were still making room,"as claimed by some wellmeaning persons.

arrangements to build us a comfortable house, the Picturing the evening scene in what was very likely management and control of which devolved chiefly the Smith log home on the night of September 21, 1823, upon Alvin. And when November 1822 arrived, the one historian comments: "Fall had come again; it

frame was raised, and all the materials necessary for was Sunday, a quiet, worshipful day for the Smiths.

its speedy completion were procured."8 A "speedy Here was the Prophet, almost eighteen years of age,

completion"today would mean six months or within a broadshouldered, six feet tall, standing ready for his year, but not so with the mother, for she informs us appointment."9 Referring to that significant Sunday

that in October 1825, they were finishing the home. night, Oliver Cowdery, who was Joseph's fourth cous-

"Procured"does not particularly suggest that the in, writes: "On the evening of the 21st of September,

lumber had been hauled onto the building site. It 1823, previous to retiring to rest, our brother's mind

could have been procured at the nearest sawmill or was unusually wrought upon the subject which had lumber center and hauled in as needed and paid for so long agitated his mind.... At length the family

when received, very likely with grain and farm proretired...."Joseph "as usual, bent his way though

duce or in exchange for labor. The historian is left in silence"to his bed, there to be drawn out in fervent

to guess. It is very possible that if the frame were prayer, following the counsel of James, "nothing

raised, as the mother says, during November 1822, wavering."10

then by the spring of 1823, the house could have been The following historical statement, written by Oliver enclosed and the roof put on, but it is rather doubtful Cowdery and published in the Messenger and Advothat the floors, the homemade windows, the stairway, cate, at Kirtland, in 1834, and approved by the Prophet, the partitions, etc., could have been completed before disqualifies all suppositional stories or legends that

the spring work began, 1823. the Prophet was occupying a certain bedroom alone,

History does make two things clear: (1) The men upstairs in the unfinished new home on the night

were not working on the new home in September of Moroni's visits. Oliver (Continued on page 976)

1823 but were in the fields. (2) Wherever it was that 9Graiit, ibid., p. 35.

8Lucy Smith, ibid., 85. 10Messenger and Advocate, 1834.

DECEMBER 1959 899 Missionary Helps

Homesick and full of uncertainty, I awaited my first assignment at the mission home in Toronto. My

mind was a turmoil as the mission president revealed the names of our future companions, our fields of labor.

In the midst of anxiety, I received a letter from

Welland, Ontario, which read: "Dear Elder, See

II John: 12. Your future companion, Elder Wilson."

That was all. Hastily I fumbled through my new

Bible and found the verse: "Having many things to

write unto you, I would not write with paper and

The Story

a of Friendship

by Gordon T. Alfred

ink: but I trust to come unto you, and speak face to

face, that our joy may be full."

Two days later we met in Welland, where I was to spend the next six months. "Not a better missionary

in Canada,"I had been informed, and even as my new companion extended his hand in a firm grip, I believed those words. Byron Gale Wilson was tall

and lithe, with welldefined features and a receding crown of fine, gold hair. His blue eyes carried a special light. "Compelling."That was the word.

He was infinitely wiser and more mature than I,

I felt. During our months together there on the

Niagara Peninsula, I grew to regard him as a paragon with the combined attributes of an older brother,

Will Rogers, and the Apostle Paul. He was the tonic

900 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

to all my incentive. I sincerely believed that he could many years. Despite it all, she'd never lost faith in

cope with any situation—mending a widow's door, God nor her testimony of the gospel. She had saved

instilling righteousness in a sinner or coping with and prayed along with her husband that their chilpersonal tragedy. dren might serve missions. She had lived to see the

While in Canada, he had become among other dream materializing.

things an excellent scriptorian. Of his many abilities, It was this realization, as much as anything, that

I envied this as much as anything. drove Elder Wilson on, and despite his deep sensiDaily, under his steady encouragement, I memorized tivity, he never wavered. Through his many painful

scripture—during the early hours of dawn, at meals, days it was Elder Wilson who buoyed my spirits up

and before bed. Often my sleep was filled with turnwhenever I grew discouraged or longed for home.

ing, giltedged pages. I struggled to repeat the inWhen thirty of us had arrived in Canada, our misspired words even in sion president had said, "Don't always try to live at

my dreams, haunthome. Forget about having daily newspapers sent.

ed bv frustration—Write your families once a week, your friends occa-

"How does it go? sionally. The rest of the time, lose yourselves in the

Where is it found? work!"He told us that we'd spend seven hundred

Chapter and verse!"days without dating or dancing. It would be trying

I grubbed away, offor some, but all of us would have the most wonderten forgetting the ful experience of a lifetime if we sought first the kingnext day what I'd dom of heaven. I knew the missionary rules but felt

learned, while Elder pangs at the idea of not dating or dancing. Two

Wilson had a scriplady missionaries had sniffed and dabbed their eyes ture for every occawith handkerchiefs.

sion. One night in bed I lamented not being able to

Gradually I bedance. My companion's reply was gruff: "Go to

came more confisleep!"A full minute later he spoke again, quietly:

dent, however, and "I've been trying to remember a scripture—think I've

soon I began getting got it—Ecclesiastes 3, the first few verses: 'To every

tested. My companthing there is a season, and a time to every purpose

ion would merely under the heaven:... A time to weep, and a time to

state some chapter laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance,...'

and verse pertinent Right now, Elder, time's too precious for weeping, to the moment and expect me to quote it. He delighted mourning, or... dancing. We have a few brief

in springing them unexpectedly and would grin while months to devote our entire time to the Lord."

I stammered the quotation as if I were a recruit being I came to realize that there are several kinds of asked his general orders by the commanding officer. courage—courage on the battlefield, courage in the

Thus there was always incentive to learn, and by face of tragedy, and courage to avoid thinking about degrees I took pride in accepting his challenge. dancing with pretty girls for seven hundred and thirty

We devised a game. If I showed a worldly attidays. Elder Wilson had every kind of courage.

tude, he'd say, "Matt. 6:1921!"Regardless of the activity, Elder Wilson's radiant

I would reply, "Lay not up for yourself treasures optimism always inspired me. We followed a rigorous

on earth,..."If I faltered, he'd tactfully suggest schedule, rising before six for prayer and study. Then

that I brush up a bit. He might even quote "John came fifteen minutes of situps, squat jumps, and one-

5:39,"which starts, "Search the scriptures;..."handed pushups. My wiry companion could do one

A few days before Christmas we received word that after another with remarkable agility. Later we

his mother had died of cancer. The news was not worked out in the basement, instead of our upstairs

totally unexpected, for Sister Wilson had suffered bedroom, when our Hun- ( Continued on page 982

DECEMBER 1959 901 Synopsis: grassy shores of the vast Nile reservoir, Lake Victoria.

In navigating the "Mother of the Nile,"the Kagera We gazed in wonder over a body of water, the second

River, on the first leg of their great Nile safari, the largest freshwater lake in the world, nearly 27,000 three explorers, John M. Goddard, Jean LaPorte, and square miles in area, exceeded in size only by Lake

Andre Davy meet with difficulties in trying to pass Superior and one and a half times larger than Switzerthrough a series of islands and rapids. Stranded, beland—a lake so vast that it actually has a tide of

cause of the wrecking of one of the kayaks, the three several inches. To the Africans there is nothing

men, while sitting out a tropical storm in a small tent, mysterious about this rise and fall. They explain this

are finally rescued by five Africans. phenomenon logically by saying, in effect, "Well, sure,

that's because all the hippos come out at night to

We spent the next few days exploring along the feed!"The chief game warden of Uganda informed

902 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA us that the lake has an incredibly high crocodile The Jinja Golf Club, pleasantly situated on the flat population, estimated by him and his assistant wardens eastern plateau above Ripon Falls, has considerable at something like two million! trouble with hippo trampling the course during their

After assembling our equipment in Kampala we nocturnal forages for pasture. As a result of hippo

entrained for Jinja, a small cosmopolitan community trespassing, the club has been forced to make a special situated at the northernmost extremity of Lake Vicconcession to its patrons. If a player finds that his ball

toria, almost on the equator, where the Nile proper has come to rest in a hippo footprint, he may lift it is formed in the lake's only overflow. It was here out and drop it behind without incurring any penalty—

that we had our first real opportunity to get a good certainly one of the most unique golf rules ever made.

look at the river which was to dominate our whole We spent a restful night, then set out to investigate existence for the months to follow—the river which the river for several miles, struggling through jungle

would give us the most intense misery and some of growth and high grass that became increasingly dense the keenest happiness of our lives. While exploring as we traveled downriver. It had been our intention

its length we would be enthralled by inspiring scenes to put our kayaks in the Nile just at the point where of beauty in some stretches yet depressed by dismal it debouches from Lake Victoria and continue from ugliness, disease, and desolation in others. there, but after surveying some of the ugly stretches

Half a mile downstream from the lake we came to of rapids which churn up the Nile intermittently for the Nile's first rapids, Ripon Falls, and paused to its first forty miles, we decided that the most practical photograph the historic scene from the approximate thing to do was to cover this expanse by rail, rather spot where, on July 28, 1862, John Hanning Speke, than wear ourselves out at the outset by portaging the peerless explorer of Africa, stood when he solved our boats and equipment around all these unnavigable one of the most ancient geographical mysteries of all barriers.

time, the main source of the Nile. On the bank above We boarded a juniorsized train at Jinja and chugged

the falls we found a small stone marker inscribed, and jolted through jungle and native shamhas to the "Speke found this source of the Nile in 1862."The hamlet of Namasagali, a little steamer port situated on

falls, created by a narrow reef of rock lying diagonally the eastern bank of the Nile a few miles below the across the river, form almost a natural bridge, but last impassable rapid. Here we stayed three days,

with three openings through which the Nile sweeps living aboard an ancient decommissioned steamboat in a total drop of fifteen feet. Here the infant river, reminiscent of the nineteenth century Mississippi sternplunging between verdant, spraydrenched little iswheelers, through the courtesy of the only white

lands of scrubby brushwood and granite, begins the resident—the port captain. We spent our time mostly

long, spectacular march that takes it through Uganda, visiting nearby Bunyoro fishing camps in a futile atthe Sudan, Egypt, and finally into its outlet, the blue tempt to hire a native and a dugout to accompany us

Mediterranean. Remarkably, the Nile's two mouths to Masindi Port, our first stop downstream. With

lie almost on the same degree of longitude as its two Andre's kayak wrecked beyond repair from the Kagera most distant sources. Just offshore above the islets smashup, we turned to the Bunyoros in the hope that

lolled several hippos, snorting now and then to let us one of them could help us out of our quandary by know they were watching our every move. supplying us with an (Continued on page 966)

DECEMBER 1959 903 IRS9!

k\

<* V it'-

At-

**** *tv tYve\axv\ GOV>'cvtve *\

\>5& 0.:**&"3fc *fV3

Igl

lite Do This and Your Problems are Solved:

k A If every elder in the Church were converted to the divinity of this great latterday work; if each one had a living, burning testimony of its truth; if he MELCHIZEDEK

knew in his heart, with an unshakable knowledge, born of the Spirit, that the PRIESTHOOD -

Almighty had actually set up his kingdom on earth for the last time; if the spirit

of zeal and devotion welled up in his heartthen all problems involving Church service, priesthood reactivation, and conformity to ing, he said. (Rom. 10:17.) Before anyone can be

gospel standards would solve themselves. converted, whether he is a member or a nonmember

Our goals in the great program of priesthood reof the Church, he must be taught the gospel; he must

activation are: learn its doctrines; he must come to a knowledge of its

1. To get a Church assignment for every adult saving truths. There is no such thing as being conbrother in the Church, so that he can give of himself verted while in ignorance of the principles of salvain service in the Master's cause; tion. Brethren must know something about the

2. To aid each brother to progress temporally and doctrines of salvation before they can believe them

spiritually along the path leading to eternal life; to the point of actual gospel conversion. "Faith cometh

3. To qualify each brother and his family to receive by hearing."

the sealing blessings of the temple and to see that Jesus commanded during his ministry: "Search the

these ordinances are performed; and scriptures'; ( John 5: 39 ). Speaking to all men, relative

4. To guide and lead all priesthood holders in paths to the revelations given in modern times, the Lord

of righteousness so that in eternity they shall inherit exhorted: "Search these commandments,"(D&C 1:37.

eternal life. Italics added.) Moroni said that before men gain a

Brethren who are converted will reach these goals. testimony of the truth of the Book of Mormon they

Converted persons work in the Church, keep its must "read"that ancient record. Then, having gained

standards, pay their tithes and offerings, attend their a knowledge of its contents, they are to ask the Father, meetings, keep themselves morally clean, honor the in the name of Christ, having faith in him, for a revelaSabbath day, obey the Word of Wisdom, maintain tion concerning its divinity, with a promise that such.. by the power of the strictest integrity in their business dealings, particiknowledge would be given ".

pate in temple ordinances for the living and the Holy Ghost."(See Mor. 10:3-5.) Nephi's promise

dead, and strive with all their power to keep all of was that the Saints who gain eternal life would do so the commandments. by "... feasting upon the word of Christ,"(2 Ne.

Our problem, as priesthood leaders, is plainly and 31:20.)

simply one of conversion. How can we convert our To the Latterday Saints the Lord issued this decree:

less active brethren and their families? What course "teach one another the doctrine of the kingdom. Teach

should we pursue in this field? ye diligently and my grace shall attend you, that you

Paul has given us the key. "Faith cometh by hearmay be instructed more perfectly in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in all

inn milium mini i milium t mill iiimnii i n > H things that pertain unto the kingdom of God, that are expedient for you to understand."(D&C 88:7778.

The 1960 Melchizedek Priesthood Course of Italics added.)

Study Based on Lyon Manual and Barker Book It is true—so true that it can never be emphasized

The course of study for Melchizedek Priesthood too strongly or forcibly—that the Saints must set an

quorums for 1960 will he based on a manual by Proexample of righteous living before all men. But a

fessor T. Edgar Lyon, "Apostasy to Restoration"using good example alone does not convert a person to

a book by Professor James L. Barker as its principal the truth. Proper conduct causes others to pay atreference work: "Apostasy from the Divine Church."tention to the truths that we teach. Unless we live

Class instructors will need both the manual, and the as we preach, few will consider our message as worth book by Brother Barker. a second thought. But (Continued on page 988)

DECEMBER 1959 905 A Reading Christmas

MORE PRECIOUS THAN RUBIES, S. Dilworth Young and her community. The setting is Cape Cod which affords

Bookcraft, Salt Lake City, Utah. 1959. 110 pages. $2.00. a delightful vacation land as well as a solution to some emoSubtitled "A Mormon Boy and his Priesthood"this volume tional questions that most teenage girls have.—M. C. /.

is a needful one for young men who have received the Aaronic

Priesthood—and for the girls who wish to help young men FOURLEAF CLOVER, Will and Nicolas

respect their priesthood. From a lifetime of experience with Harcourt, Brace 6- Co., New York. 1959. $3.00.

boys Elder Young has written on topics that are uppermost For the five to nine year olds this book of Peter and Mark in their minds and that are essential to their development—affords reading and picture interest.—M. C. /.

the Word of Wisdom, chastity, prayer, tithing, fasting, as well as an analysis of the priesthood and many other topics which NU DANG AND HIS KITE, Jacqueline Ayer are discussed in this stimulating volume. This is a must Harcourt, Brace i? Co., New York. 1959. $2.75.

book for homes in which young men hold the Aaronic PriestThis gay tale from Siam, where the author has lived for hood.-M. C. J. several years, will delight youngsters from 4 to 8. Cleverly

illustrated with things typical of Siam the book is a delight

I SAW ANOTHER ANGEL FLY, Carter E. Grant to own and to read—even for adults!—M. C. J.

Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City. 1959. 256 pages. $3.50.

For young people in the Church this will do what its parent THE WOLF AND THE SEVEN LITTLE KIDS, Grimm volume The Kingdom of God Restored did for adults. The auBrothers

thor has, in addition to the authenticated text, included 25 Harcourt, Brace if Co., New York. 1959. $3.75.

select illustrations, including easyto-follow maps, which will This beloved old tale from the Grimms has a new dress arouse the interest and curiosity of young and old. This is a with clever illustrations by Felix Hoffmann. It will prove

book that should be in every Latterday Saint library for entertaining for the 4 to 8 year olds.—M. C. /.

children to be reared with an adequate knowledge of Church history.-M. C. /. A PONY FOR THE WINTER, Helen Kay

Illustrated. Ariel Books Farrar, Straus ir Cudahy, New York.

STOWAWAY TO AMERICA, Borghild Dahl 1959. $2.75.

E. P. Button Company, New York. 1959. 192 pages. $3.00. Deborah's love for a horse lies as the basis of this delightful

Borghild Dahl will be no stranger to LDS readers since many story of a Shetland pony that she and her family boarded for read and enjoyed the book I Wanted to See. That was autothe winter. Refreshing and gay, the story also explains the

biographical; her newest book is fiction. Miss Dahl, daughter work needed to have a pet.—M. C. /.

of Norwegian immigrants, recreates the Norwegian country as well as the America which she has learned to love. Through THE YOUNGEST ARTIST, Written and illustrated by Eleanor

the eyes of Margit, an orphan, the opportunities and wonder Frances Lattimore of America come to new life and light.—M. C. J. William Morrow 6- Co. 1959. $2.50.

A delightful story by a recognized children's author, this

ON CHRISTMAS DAY IN THE MORNING, Carols gathered book will find a welcome response to the little bit of mystery by John Langstaff among the 7 to 10 year olds.—M. C. J.

Illustrated. Harcourt, Brace <l? Co., New York. 1959. $3.25.

Charmingly illustrated, this collection of four traditional THE GAMMAGE CUP, Carol Kendall

Christmas carols will find a welcome addition to the building of Illustrated. Harcourt, Brace & Co., New York. 221 pages.

a tradition among families that sing these carols together and 1959. $3.25. 9 to 12.

recite the verses as part of Christmas.—M. C. J. In this fascinating and highly original story, Mrs. Kendall

has created an entire new world and peopled it with unforTHE SCARLET SAIL, Betty Cavanna gettable characters—a rare treat for the imagination. Read

William Morrow ir Co., New York. 1959. 256 pages. $2.95. about Gummy, who made up funny jingles and roamed the

A girl in finding herself finds love and security in her home hills and fields; Curley Green, who painted pictures and wore

906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a bright scarlet cloak; and Walter, the Earl, who spent his time canine proves himself by solving the mystery of an upset

digging for ancient records, and many other delightful chargarbage pail proves to be a delightful and lively story for acters.—E. J. M. the very young.—/. G. K.

THE WEASEL FAMILY, Written and Illustrated by Charles L. LOOK OUT THE WINDOW, Joan Walsh Anglund

Ripper Illustrated. Harcourt, Brace fe Co., New York. 1959. 40 pages.

William Morrow & Co., New York City. 64 pages. 1959. $2.50. $1.95.

8-12. The author interprets for a small child the busy, complex

The members of the weasel family are only one of the many world around him and shows him how his own small world, groups of mammals that make up the animal kingdom. "Each and the important things in it—his house, his pets, his parents,

of these creatures is part of life on earth, and necessary to and himself—have their own very special place.—/. G. K.

the beautiful balance of nature,"says Mr. Ripper. His drawings, too, reflect his strong love for the "creatures"of the MY RED UMBRELLA, Written and illustrated by Robert

earth.—E. /. M. Bright

William Morrow <&- Co., New York. 1959. 82 pages. Illustrated.

EDDIE AND LOUELLA, Written and Illustrated by Carolyn $2.00.

Hayworih A little girl provides shelter for a dog, two kittens, a woolly

William Morrow 6- Company, New York. 1959. 192 pages. lamb, three little pigs, a big wet bear, and many other animals

8-12. under her continually growing red umbrella. Sketches in

Eddie and his parrot, Louella, caught in a revolving door, is black, red, and white attract tiny tots.—/. G. K.

only one of the exciting incidents in this rollicking story of

Eddie and his many harrowing experiences. You see, Eddie LET'S DRAW A STORY, Doug Anderson

attracts stray animals like a magnet, and therein lies the tale. Sterling Publishing Co., New York. 1959. 128 pages. $2.50. 5-8.

By the way, Louella is a talking parrot.—E. J. M. This book is different from other drawing books because it

tells how to draw a story. Here the child will be shown how

THE INDEPENDENT BLUEBIRD, Lucy Gallup to handle action, character, and scenic background. It is an

Illustrated. William Morrow 6- Co., New York. 1959. $2.50. inspiring book for the nonartistic as well as the talented,

8-12. and for fun at home or at school.

Lucy Gallup's unerringly well chosen words make us know The artistauthor, Doug Anderson, is a skilled illustrator. He

exactly how a bird must feel on his first awkward flight or tells his stories with a few strokes of his pencil, and with step cowering from a dangerous enemy at night, and the hauntingly by step directions that any sixyear-old can follow.—E. J. M.

beautiful illustrations by Louis Darling introduce us to the wonder of a bluebird's airy world. The book is printed in AMERICA IS BORN, Gerald W. Johnson. Illustrated

clear, large type.—E. J. M. William Morroiv ir Co., New York. 1959. 254 pages. $3.95.

American teenagers will delight in this history of the foundTHE ESKIMO, Sonia Bleeker ing of United States, from the time when Columbus won

Illustrated. William Morrow ir Co., New York. 1959. 160 pages. Ferdinand and Isabella to his cause to the adoption of the

$2.50. 8-12. Articles of Confederation in February 1787. The author has

This tale of the Eskimos, our northern neighbors, sparkles done definitive research to make this an informative book, but with life and excitement. The author's brief account of the more than that lie has preserved the interest by his choice

history of arctic exploration is dramatic and absorbing. And use of words.—M. C. J.

interestingly enough, a 4-page index is included, which lifts it out of the "just another book"class.—E. J. M. DISCOVERER OF THE NORTH POLE, Marie Peary Stafford

William Morrow 6- Co., New York. 1959. 220 pages. $3.00

THE MISSING VIOLIN, Jean Bothwell This biography of Robert E. Peary will prove stimulating

Illustrated. Harcourt, Brace ir Co., New York. 1959. 186 pages. and conducive of good among young people of 12 to 16.

1014.$3.25.

heFatherless three, before Robert was had to make his way as India Picturesque northern as its people, well and the a build life almost through school /. and C. singlehanded.—M.

English in lived there period and Americans worked the and who after World War I, come vividly alive in this intriguing story ON FOOT TO THE ARCTIC, Ronald Syme of the Tennant family from New Jersey.—E. J. M. William Morroiv & Co., New York. 1959. 187 pages. $2.75.

This of biography Hearne, joined Samuel Hudson's Bay who Francis Kalnay IN THE WORLD, BOY RICHESTTHE in in the first 1765 and was Canada to reach Company the man $2.75. York. 1959. 92 pages. ir Co.,Harcourt, Brace New

foot, Arctic provides challenging on for reading teenage boys 8-12. and girls.—M. C. J.

Some people would laugh at the thought that unexpected as a great tornado, ariches can that when damage do as much S. Herbert Zim DIAMONDS,

off his descendsfortune he be swept a man, can upon 6- Co., York. 1959. 64 pages. $2.50. feet. William Morrow New

Tony was only nine years old when the incredible happened, "There are gems more valuable than diamonds. There are

his lap. of fell into treasures dreamed he neverwhen

is still brilliant beautiful. the and the But diamond more gems

in is in school story setting Hungary. a boys'boarding The

all. interesting this popular, of the most is true and And -E. ]. M. most

fact in spite are of the that nothing carbon."but diamonds

THERE WAS TIMMY, Sally Scott This profusely illustrated book on Diamonds presents many

Illustrated. Harcourt, Brace ir Co., New York. 1959. 47 pages. important facts about the world's most prized gems, in language

$2.25. for the child eight to twelve, and leads us from India, Brazil,

Timmy, a very small dog in a very large family, almost wears and Africa to Murfreesboro, Arkansas, in our own United States.

himself out getting into all kinds of trouble. How the little The book is informative as well as absorbing.—E. J. M.

DECEMBER 1959 907 Ward Teaching Supplement Time Is Running Out

In the past much of the human race has lived from must be prepared. We risk everything if we think to

day to day, content to let the morrow take care of itself, postpone our repentance, our doing of good works, convinced the morrow will he essentially the same as our preparing for that which is to come. We must set

today. And thus life went on, predictable and repeour houses and our lives in order. Now, not later, is

titous. Outlooks often become shallow and superficial; the time to remember the stories of the thief in the

God and eternity were taken for granted, if not ignored night, of the talents, of the foolish virgins.

altogether. Still, life must go on. We need not cry doom but

Such an outlook has always been dangerous; today must nonetheless live with an awareness of time and

it would be both dangerous and unrealistic. We know circumstances. We cannot afford merely to eat, drink,

that things will not... they cannot... go on inand be merry, for even if tomorrow we die, we know

definitely "as today."Even now a sense of urgency that through death we shall live again and answer

pervades the lives of increasing numbers of our fellow to our Maker for that trust that has been ours. Death

beings, creating a state of apprehension in which many is universal and inevitable, and each moment brings feel something is going to happen although not knowus closer than the last. This is a somewhat sobering

ing exactly what. Tensions mount; races riot; "ism"thought, but life is all to short and that which gets

vies with "ism"; threat answers threat; and the put off seldom ever gets done. (Indecision can also

scriptures speak of last days, of a cleansing of the be a decision. ) If we postpone our quest for salvation

earth... and of a millennium with its glorious promise. until tomorrow, we may find that there is no tomorrow;

For this many of us will be unprepared. Despite... life is an instant; the moment is fleeting; and we

all that has been said and is being said, many of us find ourselves on the threshold of forever.

cannot see beyond the boundaries of the hour. We Time, we are told, has neither beginning nor end.

do not know when this time of decision will be upon As far as our missions here on earth are concerned, us—not even the angels in heaven are thus privileged. however, it has both. We have not world enough

But we need not live in anxiety or depression or run and time for everything; we must use wisdom in filling

to the top of the nearest hill. We can enjoy life with every precious hour with its full measure of happiness

its many wonders to the fullest, but when... and this and achievement. Let us enjoy life, for "men are, that

is the cardinal point... when that day comes, we they might have joy."(2 Ne. 2:25.) But we must not

908 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Typical of the thousands of Aaronic Priesthood bearers,

Karl Weber of East Millcreek Second Ward receives an award from Bishop Louis N. Bagley.

Just over a year ago, Mrs. Andersen hadn't even

known what an individual Aaronic Priesthood award was. But she had learned. Since becoming a deacon,

Jimmy had kept her and the rest of the family carefully informed on his progress towards the goal he had set for himself—the achieving of this award.

In the Church are many Mrs. Andersens, who have

heard of Aaronic Priesthood awards but don't know exactly what must be done to earn them. There are

also many Mr. Andersens, who themselves went

through the program years ago but are not aware of the degree to which the requirements have changed.

For the benefit of these, and others who might find interest, a brief account of the Aaronic Priesthood award program of the Church—its history and its

scope—is here presented.

The first award offered was the Standard Quorum award. It was initially made available in 1936 under

Presiding Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon. The late Elder

John D. Giles, who then worked with the presiding

bishopric as a field representative, can be credited with early assistance in getting the program on its feet. Fifty percent of the enrolled members of a

lose sight of the eternal things—not even for a moment. quorum had to meet certain specified requirements,

For who can say how many moments we have? if that quorum were to win an award. For 1936,

seventynine such awards were given; by 1951, the

Aaronic Priesthood Award Program totalIn had1952reachedthe ward739. and stake Aaronic Priesthood

Nears QuarterCentury Mark awards replaced the Standard Quorum award. The

requirements were stiffened. Six hundred ten wards

To his mother, Jimmy looked very much the digniand branches, about twentyfive percent of those in fied young man as he received the bishop's handshake. the Church, have qualified for the 1958 award. This

His best white shirt had been pressed for the occasion, represents over 2,000 quorums and is an alltime recand he sported a blue and red tie purchased only a ord. Twentythree stakes earned the stake award for

week before. Jimmy had put it on without complaint, 1958; this figure again represents the highest total

although he felt he was somewhat young for that ever.

sort of costume. The bishop congratulated Jimmy Individual Aaronic Priesthood awards were first

upon his achievement, and although Jimmy was obmade available in 1943. LeGrand Richards of the

viously a bit uncomfortable—the entire congregation Council of the Twelve was Presiding Bishop at that

looking on—he managed to utter a "thank you"that time. Since 1943, the award has undergone concould be heard at least to the fifth row. He and the siderable modification, both as to design and requireother young men then returned to their seats. Stanley ments. The awards are now all steel die engraved.

Jones stumbled on the steps, but not one of the youths At present there are three designs, one each for the even cracked a smile. Jimmy handed his mother the deacons, teachers, and priests. These have been

beautiful certificate the bishop had presented to him. awarded to qualifiers without interruption by the

Across the top was written "Individual Aaronic PriestPresiding Bishopric's Office since 1943, first under hood Award"; at the bottom center could be seen a Bishop Richards and then under his successor, Bishop

95 percent attendance seal. The award was signed Joseph L. Wirthlin. Lee A. Palmer, who has assisted

by the Presiding Bishopric of the Church and by the Presiding Bishopric with the program for Aaronic

Jimmy's own bishopric. Priesthood bearers under ( Continued on page 984

DECEMBER 1959 BMHM|HHMMH|

Spencer W. Kimball

Jti;Sfe.':

If

ii;:g0,S 1 - If

Ezra Taft Benson Mark E. Petersen rand Richards Richard I. Evans

129th Semiannual General

of the Church Patriarch George Q. Morris Eldred G. Smith

Alma Sonne ElRay L Christiansen John Longden Sterling W. Sill Gordon B. Hinckley Henry D. Taylor

$&$&- & MeCsmfci Marion D. Hank* Carl W. Buehner

:.'

Conference

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Salt Lake City, October 9, 10, 11] 1959.

make full proof of thy ministry."(II tates and such perverted truth, and with

Timothy 4:1-5.) incorrigible youth, degenerate groups,

Those are among the last words writwho make every age seem worse than ten by Paul to his son in the faith, those which preceded it. For example,

is passing world listen to this: "The of bishop ordained who was PREACH THE Timothy, times. Young troublous through those Paul wrote the Ephesians. When WORD words, he was a prisoner under Nero. of today think of nothing but peoplethemTwo charges were pressed against him: selves. They have no reverence for

impatient are age. or old They parents so it was that had conspired, he one, President

if they as talk restraint. all fire They of set to partisans, Nero's alleged by David O. McKay girls, for everything. As of alone know second, he was accused to Rome;

introducing a novel and unlawful rethey are forward, immodest, and unligion. That was Paul's second imwomanly in speech, behavior, and

for not today—that was dress."No, friends his of had prisonment. Many God,"before therefore thee charge "I years in 1274 written that in was the been had left Demas, A.D.—685 him. who Lord the "and Timothy, to wrote Paul

ago! gone and forsaken him Church, had quick the judge shall Christ, who Jesus Frederick "President is another: Here coppersmith, an the Alexander, his home. appearing and his at the dead and expressing College, Hamilton of Perry C. but against testified him; apostate, had kingdom; the view gloomsters of distrust who side. his remained by Luke in season, instant be word; the "Preach writthese cited has alarm, with world leadother Peter, Paul, and Evidently exhort rebuke, reprove, of season; out

tablet dated Assyrian ings an from taken in their troubled were of ers the Church doctrine. longsuffering and all with

political prophthat proof as B.C. leaders as 2800 even groups apostate by they day will when come time the "For been always future has for dismal a ecy apostates troubled who by are after today but doctrine; sound endure not will

prevalent: scripture, misinterpret authority, usurp to themshall heap lusts they their own in these is degenerating earth spirit "'The doctrine. In the false preach ears; and itching having teachers, selves

the that are signs latter days. There say, should charity perhaps of we ears their shall turn away they "And end. to is an speedily coming are world mentally apostates troubled who by turned be shall truth, and the from

abound. The corruption Bribery and ill. fables. unto

parents. their longer obey children no in the world age It that every seems endure things, in all thou watch "But

to and a book, write wants aposjust such Every man afflicted with been has of an evangelist, afflictions, the work do

DECEMBER 1959 911

it is evident that the end of the world is livered a lecture in the McEwen Hall of two billion inhabitants of the globe,speedily approaching.'"That was writthe University of Edinburgh on the subaccept him for what he really is—"the

ten 2800 B.C.! ject, "The Moral Values Which Unite Only Begotten of the Father; who came

Well, the era through which we are the Nations."In an interesting and into the world, even Jesus, to be crucipassing is no exception. On the flyleaf convincing manner, Lord Balfour prefied for the world, and to bear the sins

of the book, The Naked Communist, sented the following fundamental ties of the world, and to sanctify the world, by W. Cleon Skousen, we find this quothat unite the different nations of the and to cleanse it from all unrighteoustation, (and I admonish everybody to world: ness."

read that excellent book of Chief Today civilized nations are sitting on

Skousen's) 1. Common Knowledge. a mountain of explosives, accumulated

"The conflict between communism 2. Common Commercial Interest. in defiance of Christ's teachings. Let

and freedom is the problem of our time. 3. The Intercourse of Diplomatic Rethe heat of hatred, suspicion, and greed

It overshadows all other problems. This lationship. become a little more intense, and there

conflict mirrors our age, its toils, its ten- 4. The Bonds of Human Friendship. will be such an international exolosion

sions, its troubles, and its tasks. On the as will greatly retard, if not forcibly

outcome of this conflict depends the The audience greeted his masterful drive from the midst of mankind, the future of mankind."address with a great outburst of applause. hopedfor peace heralded by the heavenElaborating that statement, I should As the presiding officer arose to express ly hosts when Christ as a babe was

say that the most urgent problem of his appreciation and that of the audiborn in Bethlehem.

our day is a spiritual problem. I agree ence, a Japanese student, who was doing Prove it as a fact, and it is, that Christ

with one leading educator who said, and graduate work at the University of did appear after death as a glorified

I quote: "Unless the spiritual problem Edinburgh stood up, and leaning over resurrected Being, and you have the

is solved, civilization will fail; indeed the balcony, said, "But, Mr. Balfour, answer to the question of the ages: "If

we already have a foretaste of that failwhat about Jesus Christ?"a man die, shall he live again?"Let

ure in many parts of the world: Mr. Robert E. Spear, to whom Prous look at the deep significance of the

"The Nazi creed presents a new fessor Lang related this incident, writes: testimony of the disciples of Jesus, which

conception of civilization. It is the sup- "One could have heard a pin drop in may be better understood when we

position, advanced with fanatical zeal, the hall. Everyone felt at once the realize that with Jesus'death the apostles

that civilization consists primarily in justice of the rebuke. The leading were stricken with gloom. When he

material achievements, and can reach statesman of the greatest Christian emwas crucified, their hopes all but died.

its goal without ethical considerations. pire in the world had been dealing with That his death was a reality to the

It accents power, authority, and obedithe different ties that are to unite disciples is shown in their intense grief, ence: denies human equality and the mankind, and had omitted the one in the statement of Thomas, in the

worth of the individual."fundamental and essential bond. And moral perplexity of Peter, and in the

everyone felt, too, the dramatic element evident preparations for a permanent

The False Teachings of Communism in the situation—that the reminder of burial of their Master. Notwithstanding

his forgetfulness had come from a farthe assurance of Christ, often repeated

In their false teachings the Comaway nonChristian land."during the two and a half years he was

munists accept the doctrine of Marx, "Preach the word,"Paul admonishes with them, that he would return to who denies the existence of God, and Timothy. What "word"? That "... them after death, the apostles seemed not

repudiates man's immortality. Second, Jesus Christ, who hath abolished death, to have accepted, or at least not comprethey deny the divinity of Jesus Christ, and hath brought life and immortality hended the statement as a literal fact.

and of course, his resurrection. They to light through the gospel."(Ibid., What was it, we ask the world, that

challenge the free agency of man. 1:10.) Those words were named in that suddenly changed these disciples to

In that first sentence that I read from letter. Let us consider that. confident, fearless, heroic preachers of

Paul to Timothy, Paul declares the "Behold the man,"said Pontius Pilate, the gospel of Jesus Christ? It was a

existence of God, and we shall see how Roman governor of Judea, as Jesus, revelation that Christ had risen from authoritatively he supports that. He mockingly bedecked with a purple robe, the grave, his promises had been kept,

declares the divinity of Jesus Christ, and his hair platted with a crown of thorns, his Messianic mission fulfilled. "The

the reality of his resurrection. I read stood before the mob who cried, "Crucify final and absolute seal of genuineness

again what he said to Timothy, and him; crucify him!"had been put on all his claims, and the

this is almost his farewell message to As on the occasion of that historic indelible stamp of a divine authority that boy, "I charge thee therefore before trial, so through the ages men have beupon all his teachings. The gloom of

God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who held Christ from different viewpoints. death had been banished by the glorious

shall judge the quick and the dead at Some who reject him as venomously as light of the presence of the risen, glorihis appearing and his kingdom."did the rabble, see in him and in his fied Lord and Savior."

(II Timothy 4:1.) disciples "investors of a Christian moral On the evidence of these unprejudiced,

The United States recently entersystem that has undermined and sapped unexpected, incredulous witnesses the tained the leading man of the ideology the vigor of the European world."Others resurrection has its impregnable foundathat denies the God, Jesus Christ, and with clearer insight, begotten by expetion. There was one young man among

the right of free agency and dignity rience, behold him as the originator of them. I do not know whether we know

of man. Even while he was here we a system that "promotes industry, honabout his life, but I like to think of him

could hear echoing his own words: esty, truth, purity, and kindness, a sysas a sort of independent thinker, not

"We remain the atheist that we have tem that upholds law, favors liberty; is paying much attention to his mother's

always been; we are doing as much essential to it, and would unite men in religion—his mother had joined the

as we can to liberate those people who one great brotherhood."Christian Church, but he did not pay

are still under the spell of this reOthers behold him as the "one perfect much attention to it until he was disligious opiate."Those are his words. character—the peerless personality of turbed one night by his mother's voice

He said further: "Those who expect us history,"but deny his divinity. Milasking him to rise quickly, "don't stop

to abandon communism will have to lions accept him as the Great Teacher, to dress, throw a cloak around your body wait until a shrimp learns to whistle."whose teachings, however, are not apand rush to Gethsemane and tell Jesus

A number of years ago, Lord Balfour, plicable to modern social conditions. A that Judas and soldiers are coming to

Prime Minister of Great Britain, defew—O how few!—of the approximately arrest him."I think that young man

912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who fled naked from the men who istence of God and laugh at the claims The Latterday Saint Belief snatched the sheet from his body, was of Jesus Christ as the Redeemer.

John Mark, the author of one of the It is true that neither Mark nor Luke Thus, my dear fellow workers and four Gospels. We know he did join the testify as to having personally seen the my friends in the world, the Church

Church, later, and that he labored with Risen Lord, and therefore some urge of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Peter. We know that Paul, in that that their recorded testimonies cannot stands with Peter, with Paul, with

letter to Timothy, said: "Bring Mark be taken as firsthand evidence. That James, and with all the other apostles

with you. He is profitable to our minthey do not so testify, and yet were in accepting the resurrection, not only

istry, and let us hear his testimony."convinced that others did see him, shows as being literally true, but also as the

(See II Timothy 4:11.) We know he how incontrovertible was the evidence consummation of Christ's divine miswent on a mission to the northern part among the apostles and other disciples sion on earth. Other great religious

of Africa, and you travelers today can that the resurrection was a reality. leaders among the nations of the world

walk over ruins built to his memory. since history began have taught virtue,

Testimony of Paul temperance, selfcontrol, service, obediTestimony of Mark ence to righteousness and duty; some

Fortunately, however, there is a docuhave taught a belief in one supreme ruler

We have no evidence that Mark joined ment which does give the personal testiand in a hereafter; but only Christ broke

the Church while the Savior was on the mony of an eyewitness, a witness to the seal of the grave and revealed death earth. Undoubtedly the Savior was in an appearance of Jesus after his death as the door to immortality and eternal

Mark's home. At any rate we are justiand burial. This personal testimony also life.

fied in assuming that he was acquainted corroborates the testimony not only of If Christ lived after death, so shall with the Master. Mark does not himself these two men, Mark and Luke, but of men, each one taking his place in the

recount any appearance of the Risen others also. I have in mind Saul, a next world for which he is best fitted.

Lord, but he testifies that the Lord would Jew of Tarsus, educated at the feet of Since love is as eternal as life, the mesmeet his disciples. From Mark we hear Gamaliel, a strict Pharisee, and before sage of the resurrection is the most comthe glorious proclamation of the first his conversion a bitter persecutor of all forting, the most glorifying ever given

empty tomb in all the world. For the who believed in Jesus of Nazareth. And to man; for when death takes a loved

first time in history the words "Here there is a quotation from the oldest auone from us, we can look with assurance lies"were supplanted by the divine thentic document in existence relating into the open grave and say, "He is not message, "He is risen."No one can or testifying to the resurrection of here; he will rise again."

doubt that Mark was not convinced in Christ, in which we find Saul's (Paul's) My dear fellow workers, it is just as his soul of the reality of the empty words, sent back to people who had easy for me to accept as a divine truth tomb, and if my inference is right, he joined the Church, whom he loved and the fact that Christ preached to the knew about the trial, the humiliation who loved him, saying: spirits in prison while his body lay in

to which Jesus was subjected, and the "For I delivered unto you first of all the tomb as it is for me to look at you crucifixion, and he became a minister that which I also received, how that from this pulpit. It is true! It is just

of the gospel. To the proclaiming of Christ died for our sins according to the as easy for me to realize—and note this

this truth he devoted his life, and if scriptures; that one may so live that he may retradition can be relied upon, he sealed "And that he was buried, and that he ceive impressions and direct messages

his testimony with his blood. rose again the third day according to through divine inspiration. The veil is

the scriptures: thin between those who hold the priestTestimony of Luke "And that he was seen of Cephas, hood and divine messengers on the other

then of the twelve: side of the veil..

The text we read said that Luke stood "After that, he was seen of above five Let us say today as Paul wrote to by Paul's side at the jail. It was not hundred brethren at once; of whom the Timothy: "Preach the word... do the

long after that before Paul, according to greater part remain unto this present, work of an evangelist, make full proof tradition, was beheaded. Luke was a but some are fallen asleep. of thy ministry."(II Timothy 4:2, 5.)

physician. He spent many years of his "After that, he was seen of James; "... The Lord is God, and beside

life studying about this man, Jesus, who then of all the apostles. him there is no Savior.

was crucified. He experienced the dark- "And last of all he was seen of me "Great is his wisdom, marvelous are

ness that spread over that country when also, as of one born out of due time. his ways, and the extent of his doings

Jesus was crucified. According to all "For I am the least of the apostles, none can find out.

trustworthy testimony we have the gosthat am not meet to be called an apostle, "His purposes fail not, neither are pel of Luke as it came from his own because I persecuted the church of God."there any who can stay his hand.

hand. In chapter 24 Luke testifies to (I Cor. 15:3-9.) "From eternity to eternity he is the

the divine message: "Why seek ye the same, and his years never fail.

living among the dead? Testimony of Modern Revelation "For thus saith the Lord—I, the Lord,

"He is not here, but is risen."(Luke am merciful and gracious unto those

24:5-6.) In addition to the ancient apostles, who fear me, and delight to honor those

With equal assurance as to their acwe have the testimony of the Prophet who serve me in righteousness and in curacy we can accept his statement and Joseph Smith who gives in an unequivotruth unto the end.

witness in regard to Peter's and Paul's cal description the following stirring "Great shall be their reward and and other apostles'testimony regarding testimony in relation to his first vision: eternal shall be their glory."(D&C 76:1-

the resurrection. "To whom also he "... When the light rested upon me 6.)

[Christ] shewed himself alive after his I saw two Personages... standing above God help us in this age so threatened

passion by many infallible proofs, being me in the air. One of them spake unto with an ideology of benighted people

seen of them forty days, and speaking me, calling me by name, and said, pointof disbelief in God our Father and in of the things pertaining to the kingdom ing to the other—This is My Beloved his Son Jesus Christ and in the restored

of God."(Acts 1:3.) Son. Hear Him!"(P. of G. P., Joseph gospel through those divine Personages,

Who can doubt Luke's absolute conSmith 2:17.) These words were spoken to preach the Word and to be true to

fidence in the reality of the risen Renearly two thousand years after the our callings no matter what or where deemer? Contrast his testimony, his life, events to which I have already called they may be, I pray in the name of

with that of upstarts who deny the exyour attention! Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1959 913 Church, not merely your vote as memWhen Christ came to the earth, there bers. was, so far as I know, only one nation,

is a very nation, the solemn that and important understood Hebrew and THE TASK occasion,This a very and the worshiped gathering true solemn God, the God AHEAD and ordinance of this Church. I hope Sinai—"Thou shalt have no other godsof

we will not forget it, for your action is before me."(Exodus 20:3.)

the action of the Church and binds it. He commissioned his apostles:

[Presents Officers] "Go ye into all the world, and preach /. Reuben Clark, Jr, the gospel to every creature.

of the First Presidency President McKay, so far as I could ob- "He that believeth and is baptized serve, the voting of the conference of shall be saved; but he that believeth not

this Church was unanimous in the shall be damned."(Mark 16:1516.)

My brothers and sisters: May I invoke affirmative. The latter "and is baptized"was added

and have the aid and assistance of your in our day, for we received the very faith and prayers. I am indeed grateful First, I am grateful for your promotion same commission. And there was ento be here with you this morning. The to First Counselor. I am grateful for trusted to us the opening, and the carryblessings, promises, and administrations your sustaining vote for Brother Moyle, ing on, of the Last Dispensation of the

of the Brethren and the prayers of the who fills a great need that we had in Fulness of Times, and we have been auSaints have brought to me the blessings the First Presidency. He is indomitable thorized further and commissioned

of the Lord. I am grateful for them. in his courage and has only the welfare thereto, by the ordination and conferring

My recovery has been such, through the of the Church at heart. at the hands of heavenly messengers, the

blessings of the Lord and the tender But we miss Brother Stephen L RichHoly Priesthood after the Order of the care and nursing of my family, particuards. We miss his gentleness, his Son of God, divided into two, the Mellarly my daughters, and the aid and care kindness, his wisdom, his experience, chizedek and the Aaronic, that we might

and solicitude of my physician, who says his courtesy, his loyalty to the Church, avoid the constant repetition of the name that my recovery is miraculous. I give and his great work in connection with of the Son.

my deep gratitude and thanks. the missionary service. We miss PresiThe whole world, when Christ left,

We are met this morning to take part dent Richards. except the Hebrews, on the eastern contiin one of the great ordinances of the I now recall vividly the great address nent, except the Hebrews and the few

Church. As I proceed in presenting the of President McKay, and I endorse all that Christ left, a few hundred, were

Authorities, I shall speak to you memthat has been said, not only by him in pagans, not believing in the God of bers of the Church as the Church in that address but by all the Brethren Sinai and of course, not believing in the

Solemn Assembly for this purpose among who have followed. This has been a gospel as did not generally the Hebrew

others. When you vote, you will vote great conference, filled to overflowing nation. We have been fighting for two

as the Church, and the promises you with the Spirit of the Lord. thousand years until today, titularly at

make to support and sustain the Authori- I am grateful for all this and with any rate, not quite half of the inties in their work, will be the vote of the the President's permission, I want to add habitants of the world believe in this

Address delivered Saturday morning, October a word or two, more particularly on the God of Sinai and in the Christ. The

10, 1959. world condition. other half is pagan who do not accept

has he been called the Redeemer of atoned for all of our individual sins.

mankind. We believe with Paul of Thus, we say he took upon himself the

life this so loved "If in the that world, only have he gave hope in God we his Son, that of all only miserable. KNOW THE old:Christ, sins of the world. John tells us, "For begotten are most whosoever we men

TRUTH "But now is Christ risen from the believeth in him should not perish, but dead, and become the firstfruits of them have everlasting life."(John 3:16.)

that slept. We say in our second article of faith:

will that believe since be "For punished came death, by men man by "We Henry D. Moyle

sins, for their for also not resurrection of the the and Adam's came own man of the First Presidency dead. transgression."

"For as in Adam all die, even so in Thus we see that the atonement of

Christ shall all be made alive."(I Cor. Christ brings upon us the redemption

15:1922.) from the dead. We all become fruits

"We believe in God, the Eternal The atonement of Christ was in turn of the resurrection. Redemption from

Father, and in His Son, Jesus Christ, twofold, as I have said: first, to redeem our own sins depends upon us. We are

and in the Holy Ghost."(First Article man from the fall. It is through this not saved from ourselves by grace alone

of Faith.) atonement that man is resurrected from as we are from Adam's transgression. To

Upon this article of our faith is the the dead that he might gain eternal understand this simple difference gives

Church founded. Jesus Christ, our Lord life in its fulness, that there might be us the power to differentiate in large

and Master, is the Son of the Living a reuniting of the body and the spirit measure truth from error. When we

God. Christ is our Head. His life and after death. This constitutes the fulseek the inspiration of God in answer

works in mortality had a twofold purness of man. to our prayers; he inspires us. We repose in the eternal plan of man: first, The second purpose of the atonement pent, and repentance leads us to an

to redeem man from the fall. Therefore, was that we might be resurrected, free appreciation of the laws and ordinances

Address delivered Sunday morning, October from our transgressions in mortality, and of God by which man can, through his 11, 1959. not live forever in our sins. Christ also own effort, through the exercise of his

914 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA God, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and this, brethren and sisters. The plan is who voluntarily lives within its jurisdicJacob, and our God, the God of the really one of exterminating God and tion, who voluntarily under this theory

Christian world, but who have someChristianity. Into our hands has been gives up his free agency, has lost his

thing that is equivalent thereto that placed through divine ordinations the testimony and is on the road to apostasy.

satisfies them, but it is pagan. Holy Priesthood after the Order of the I cannot bring too strongly that here

But we have this added situation: we Son of God. In our hands is the rein the last days, paganism is under one

have the man described by President sponsibility of carrying forward. head, and that head is guided by Satan

McKay and commented upon so well, We do not have now a united front to himself. Please, brethren and sisters

who in effect is the directing head of this united paganism. We are still torn of the Church, keep the home fires of

this whole great body of paganism in and divided among many sects. But testimony and knowledge of the gospel

their ideology and in their nonbelief in the problem we face, if the plans of the and of God and of Jesus Christ, keep the

God. I think this is the first time in Marxian paganism are carried out, is our home fires burning in your homes, in

all history when God's people have been extermination. your priesthood quorums, and all the

faced with an organized paganism more God has declared that the Lord will rest, for I am sure, one way or another, or less guided and directed by one who never take away or give to another people we shall have to face dire persecution.

denies God and says he is unconvertible the authority and the gospel plan which I bear my testimony that God lives, from his atheism. we have. I want to bring home to every that Jesus is the Christ, the Savior of the

We get the impression that he has one of you brethren and sisters of the world, the Redeemer of mankind, the in mind that his Marxian ideology, and Church, and to others so far as I may first fruits of the resurrection. I bear my

his atheism, shall gain control somespeak, the seriousness of this situation. testimony that the authority of the Holy

how and make of all of us the followers You cannot mollify an unconvertible, Order of the Priesthood of the Son of of his doctrines. He preaches peace, I you may not hope that after his ends are God is upon the earth, bestowed through

may say, and then he preaches the gained, for any but the treatment he has heavenly messengers upon Joseph Smith, abandonment of certain weapons of war, administered upon others. who has given to us the plan of the

then he preaches that we go back to There are good people in Russia. gospel. I bear my testimony that the

traditional warfare, where numbers There. are faithful people in Russia. powers and authority that were given to

count, he preaches that we shall destroy Elder Benson has recently met a few of Joseph Smith have passed on down our military installations, and if he gets them. But they live under this Marxian through, from President to President,

rid of these, I see no end to what he may theory, and one of the elements of that until we have now President David O.

try to do. is the destruction of free agency which McKay, who stands by your sustaining

The whole Western world, the Chriswas given to the sons of God before the vote, as the prophet, seer, and revelator, tian, the Godfearing world, with the world was created. Through it there and President of the Church of Jesus

exceptions that exist in each country was the rebellion in heaven. Through Christ of Latterday Saints, and that he

that follows Marxism, with the excepfree agency we climb to the heights that possesses all that his predecessors have tion that exists in Russia, relatively few, lead us into exaltation. The Marxian had who have gone before.

but perhaps in good part many, these theology repudiates God. May God bless us all.

are the things which we face under his I have a feeling, brothers and sisters, I thank you for the strength that has direction. that any man or woman who voluntarily been mine, and I do it in the name of

Now, let us have no illusions about subjects himself to this pagan ideology, Jesus. Amen.

own will power, lift himself from sin hands of John the Baptist by immersion, wise efficaciously reach the source of to righteousness. When he does this, and John had theretofore been duly compower essential for our own progress.

he is on the way to eternal salvation missioned of the Lord to perform this How could the Savior have taught us and exaltation in the kingdom of our ordinance. Could he have emphasized better how to begin a life of humility

Heavenly Father. the importance of baptism in any better and of service?

see of Christ: he said way? were Christ on the mountain Paul "Though We next

his disciples the obedience yet learned he he had bya Son, "And Jesus, when he was baptized, teaching * whom things which he suffered; went up straightway out of the water: chosen, and with them other listeners

"And being made perfect, he became and, Io, the heavens were opened unto yes, the multitude—the principles by

the author of eternal salvation unto all him, and he saw the Spirit of God dewhich men could control their lives, them that obey him."(Hebrews 5:8-9.) scending like a dove, and lighting upon and should control them. Out of these

In all things Christ has set us the him: teachings we have the Sermon on the

pattern. For this purpose he came to "And lo a voice from heaven, saying, Mount. Would that it were understood

earth. No deviation from his plan can This is my beloved Son, in whom I am by all men! But all men do not underbe justified or tolerated. either in the well pleased."(Matthew 3:1617.) stand the teachings of Christ. His

judgment or the mercy of God. Further- ".... for thus it becometh us to fulfil teachings are sufficient to have taught

more, no excuse, no reason, exists why all righteousness."(Ibid., 15.) all who have heard and all who have

all men should not lend obedience We next, see Christ in the hands of read or now read that they should all thereto, rather than to try to justify the tempter. Thus,he taught us by his have recognized him as the Son of the

themselves in pursuing any other course example to overcome the power of evil. Living God. >

in life. Christ came to help us work We must all recognize in our lives the There were Only a relatively few who

out our salvation. existence of two great powers, and learn followed him. Too many were steeped

. There are two phases of Christ's earthearly in life that with the power and in the paganistic practices of the past,

ly. mission. First, he taught his. followers inspiration of God we can overcome too selfsatisfied to....open their minds

the plan by example as well as by preand resist and turn aside every evil force. and their hearts to the truth, even; when

cept.. His teachings began with his own; Even his fasting for forty days gave us spoken with the conviction and knowlbaptism in the waters of Jordan at the an understanding of how we can likeedge and power of God, made manifest

DECEMBER 1959 915 through his Son Jesus Christ, our Lord initiate our own search for truth of our "Therefore let all the house of Israel and Master. own free will. Once we do, the Lord know assuredly, that God hath made

Time will not permit the enumeration magnifies us, fills our souls with his Holy that same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, of all his teachings. How grateful we Spirit, and leads us on to faith and to both Lord and Christ.

are that he gave us the Sacrament of repentance. When we have received "Now when they heard this, they

the Lord's Supper and commanded us and understood the word, we accept the were pricked in their heart, and said to meet frequently and partake of that gospel and lend obedience thereto. unto Peter and to the rest of the aposSacrament and renew our covenants to Our third and fourth articles of faith tles, Men and brethren, what shall we

keep his laws and obey his commandread: "We believe that through the do?

ments, even as we covenanted to do at Atonement of Christ, all mankind may "Then Peter said unto them, Repent, the waters of baptism. be saved, by obedience to the laws and and be baptized every one of you in the

His second purpose was not finally ordinances of the Gospel."name of Jesus Christ for the remission

completed until after his crucifixion and "We believe that the first principles of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of resurrection, just prior to his ascension and ordinances of the Gospel are: first, the Holy Ghost.

to heaven, when he charged his apostles Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ; second, "For the promise is unto you, and to

of old to go into all the world and Repentance; third, Baptism by immeryour children, and to all that are afar

preach the gospel of Jesus Christ to sion for the remission of sins; fourth, off, even as many as the Lord our God

every nation, kindred, tongue, and peoLaying on of hands for the gift of the shall call."(Acts 2:1-4, 3639.)

ple, and that they that believed should Holy Ghost.""But those things, which God before

be baptized and thereby bring about We express our love and devotion to had shewed by the mouth of all his their own salvation. God for our conversion by proclaiming prophets, that Christ should suffer, he

"And Jesus came and spake unto them, his word to others, even as he has given hath so fulfilled.

saying, All power is given unto me in it to us. We spend our lives teaching "Repent ye therefore, and be conheaven and in earth. the gospel to each other in the Church, verted, that your sins may be blotted

"Go ye therefore, and teach all nain our homes, in all our worshiping asout, when the times of refreshing shall tions, baptizing them in the name of the semblies. We proclaim the truths of the come from the presence of the Lord;

Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy gospel to our neighbors and our friends "And he shall send Jesus Christ, which

Ghost: far and near. We fill our missions on before was preached unto you:

"Teaching them to observe all things earth by trying to follow in this respect, "Whom the heaven must receive until whatsoever I have commanded you: and, as in all others, the charge and the examthe times of restitution of all things,

lo, I am with you alway, even unto the ple and the teachings of Christ, our which God hath spoken by the mouth end of the world. Amen."(Ibid., 28:18Lord. of all his holy prophets since the world

20.) After Peter and the apostles of old began.

Here again he set the great pattern to received this commission to preach to "For Moses truly said unto the fathers, be followed by his disciples in every every nation, we see them next actually A prophet shall the Lord your God generation of time. The plan Christ preaching the gospel, and our first reraise up unto you of your brethren, like

thus gave us can be stated very simply: corded history of their missionary labors unto me; him shall ye hear in all things

is you. shall thus: whatsoever say recorded unto he

gospel. the hear We it every shall pass, that to of the Pentecost day come was when "And "And repent. We soul, will all prophet, fully that acnot they hear come, which with were one are inspired. We place. shall the peoin destroyed cord from one be among are inspiration, converted that by We (Ibid., ple."3:1823.) there a suddenly sound "And came the the gift Ghost. Holy of filled of Peter, as the rushing a with heaven from Holy "Then mighty

accept, learn the gospel. and we We it all filled of rulers the said Ghost, wind, unto the them, and house Ye where

to teach gospel others. the We sitting. Israel, of elders people, they and were

Its divinity is revealed to those who "And there appeared unto them cloven "If we this day be examined of the seek the truth by the gift and power of tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon good deed done to the impotent man,

God. That is what is meant by the each of them. by what means he is made whole;

scriptures: "... seek and ye shall find, "And they were all filled with the "Be it known unto you all, and to all

knock and it shall be opened unto you."Holy Ghost, and began to speak with the people of Israel, that by the name

(Ibid., 7:7.) other tongues, as the Spirit gave them of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye

We ourselves must act. We must utterance.... crucified, whom God raised from the

THE VALUE OF feelingtrust thatof aweI mayandhaveof responsibility.the guidance ofI year,presidingbringofficers,our people,togetherparticularlyfrom all partsthe

THE GOSPEL the Spirit of the Lord in the words that of the Church. But, brethren, I do not

I may utter. I am very grateful for know what we would do if this privilege

what was said in our meeting this should be withdrawn from us. I have

Joseph Fielding Smith morningfollowed byafterourhim.PresidentI amandsurethosethatwhowe wonderedJames, andwhat,Johnin andthe following,days of Peter,the

President of the Council have been edified in the remarks that condition might have been if they could of the Twelve have been made, and I feel my dehave met quarterly and semiannually pendence upon the Spirit of the Lord to in conferences. Perhaps the apostasy

To stand before this great body, memaid me in saying something that might would have been postponed, if not albers of the Church, mostly priesthood, be profitable on this occasion. together avoided. But those privileges

is something that creates in my soul a There may be some who wonder why were not theirs.

Address delivered Friday afternoon, Oct. 9, 1959. we hold general conference twice a I think I feel the importance of these

916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dead, even by him doth this man stand Every convert to the Church today nations, as the blessings which were here before you whole. has this desire in his heart to tell others given by the apostles of old to the na-

"This is the stone which was set at what he has found. There is joy in tions in which they served as missionnought of you builders, which is become knowing the truth, and there is joy in aries.

the head of the corner."(Ibid., 4:8-11.) intuitively sharing it with others. This Daniel tells us: "And in the days of

Today, and for the past 130 years of is the gift of the Holy Ghost. It is the these kings shall the God of heaven

the existence of the restored Church of sure sign of our conversion. Not all of set up a kingdom, which shall never be

Jesus Christ, the Spirit which prompted the members of the Church leave their destroyed: and the kingdom shall not

Peter and his associates of old has imhomes to go on missions into the world, be left to other people, but it shall break pelled the elders of the Church of Jesus my friends, to bring to you the gospel in pieces and consume all these kingChrist of Latterday Saints to do likein your homes, but within the sphere of doms, and it shall stand for ever."

wise. Ever since 1830 we have had in their influence our people continue (Daniel 2:44.)

the world young men and women who, through life to bear their testimony of John, the Revel ator, gave us one of because of their love of the gospel and the existence of God which gives to them the most beautiful predictions of all of the witness of its divinity which they that peace which can come alone from the restoration of the gospel in these have received of the Holy Ghost, preach our Father in heaven. latter days, for he said: "And I saw anthe gospel in its truth and in its purity. As elders in Israel today we are other angel fly in the midst of heaven,

They devote their time and their means charged with the responsibility of prohaving the everlasting gospel to preach to accomplish this mission, to call all claiming his word to the world and unto them that dwell on the earth, people to repentance and to teach the crying repentance to the sons and daughand to every nation, and kindred, and plan of life and salvation given us of ters of our Heavenly Father. Our tongue, and people,

the Savior. The gospel has been rebrothers and sisters throughout the "Saying with a loud voice, Fear God,

stored to the earth in its fulness, in its world, those who are listening in, who and give glory to him; for the hour of

simplicity and purity in this day through may not be of our number, let us beg of his judgment is come: and worship him

the instrumentality of the Prophet you to give our missionaries the opporthat made heaven, and earth, and the

Joseph Smith. tunity they so earnestly seek to give to sea, and the fountains of waters."(Rev.

Like Paul of old, they say, and they you the simple principles of the gospel 14:6-7.)

say it with pure hearts and clean hands, as taught by Jesus Christ himself. These These prophecies have, in large measas they dedicate their lives to their mismissionaries come to you holding the ure, been fulfilled. The gospel has been

sionary labors: priesthood of God. They have received restored to the earth. God continues to

"For I determined not to know any his power and authority to preach the magnify those upon whom he has bething among you, save Jesus Christ, and gospel and administer in the ordinances stowed his authority in these latter days him crucified. thereof. They have brought joy to hunto serve his people and to guide and

"And I was with you in weakness, dreds of thousands in the past. All of direct the honest in heart the world

and in fear, and in much trembling. us here today are here as a result of over into the paths of truth and of right.

"And my speech and my preaching similar labors upon the part of former We declare most solemnly that we have was not with enticing words of man's missionaries. been called of God, and that we proclaim

wisdom, but in demonstration of the My friends, you cannot afford to turn his word to the world by virtue of his

Spirit and of power: a deaf ear to the truth, for we declare power and authority. We invoke his

"That your faith should not stand to you in all soberness that God lives blessings upon all mankind, and particuin the wisdom of men, but in the power and has once again spoken from the larly that their hearts might be opened, of God. heavens, once again restored his power their desires might be toward righteous-

"But as it is written, Eye hath not and his priesthood in its pristine ness, and that they might lend an ear seen, nor ear heard, neither have enstrength and purity upon those of us and understand and appreciate the truth tered into the heart of man, the things whom he has called to carry on his when it is presented to them by his which God hath prepared for them work in this, the dispensation of time duly ordained and constituted servants that love him. in which he has brought together all the missionaries of the Church of Jesus

"For what man knoweth the things that he has given his children in all Christ of Latterday Saints.

of a man, save the spirit of man which previous generations of man, all as foreGod bless them, and bless us, and is in him? even so the things of God told through his prophets of old. bless all who lend ear to their teachings,

knoweth no man, but the Spirit of God."We have the power and the authority we pray humbly this day, in the name

(I Cor. 2:2-5, 9, 11.) to confer these same blessings upon all of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

gatherings, and the bringing together instructed to do that in our quarterly hath but a short time."(Rev. 12:12.)

the men who hold the priesthood parconferences, in our general conferences, And he is more active today, perhaps, ticularly, to receive counsel, to be enand in all the meetings that are held in than ever before in the history of the couraged, and to return to their stakes the various stakes and wards of Zion. world. His emissaries get among the

renewed in their spirits. We can reach Even as it is, there are conditions arising Latterday Saints. Some of them are

our people today better than they could which should cause us to be alert, on very cunning and crafty. Some of them

anciently. We have many facilities that our guard, diligent, persevering in the at one time had the light and underthey did not have, and our people are keeping of the commandments of the standing of the gospel but have lost it.

naturally under present conditions, Lord, and in instructing the members They come among our Latterday Saints, drawn closer together than they were in of the Church. By all means, this is and if we are not prepared by our faith,

former days. needed. Satan is not dead. by our obedience, and knowledge of the

And now, my good brethren and sis- I think frequently of the words of the gospel, many of us stand in danger of ters, what is our duty? To keep the Lord to John when he said that Satan being led astray.

commandments of God. And we are raged because "he knoweth, that he The Prophet Joseph Smith made the

DECEMBER 1959 917 a

statement that a man cannot be saved remission of sins, and entrance into the should be taught them in their homes.

in ignorance. When he said man, he Church and kingdom of God. As we travel from stake to stake, we

meant mankind. Ignorance of what? Now, we are promised that when we discover in many places that children

Of the saving principles of the gospel are baptized, if we are true and faithful, who are eight years of age, nine years of Jesus Christ. Now we are taught we will have the guidance of the Holy of age, even older sometimes, have not

faith in God our Father and in his Son Ghost. What is the purpose of it? To been baptized. Why? Who has

Jesus Christ. We are taught to study, teach us, to direct us, to bear witness neglected this? We cannot blame the

make ourselves familiar with his life to us of the saving principles of the goschild, but somebody is at fault. When

when he was upon the face of the earth, pel of Jesus Christ. Every child old a child gets to be nine or ten or eleven

why he came, the nature of his work, enough to be baptized, and who is bapor more years of age and has not been how it concerns us, to prepare ourselves tized, is entitled to the guidance of the baptized a member of this Church, then by our study and by our faith to stand Holy Ghost. I have heard people say someone's at fault. Primarily, I would

worthy before him in the keeping of his that a little child eight years of age say that fault is in the home. But the

commandments. could not understand. I know better fault is not altogether in the home. The

We read in the Doctrine and Covethan that. I had a testimony of this fault rests with those who have charge

nants where the Lord says that all those truth when I was eight years old, coming in the wards of looking after the interwho repent and are baptized are to rethrough the Holy Ghost. I have had it ests of the young, and the bishops who

ceive the gift of the Holy Ghost by the ever since. are to look after all the members of the

laying on of hands. Now we baptize We are commanded also to bring up Church. No child should be permitted

our children at the age of eight years our children in light and truth, to teach to go unbaptized after he or she reaches that is the age that the Lord has desigthem the fundamental principles of the the eighth year, and when there is that nated as the age of accountability. Little gospel, so that when they grow older kind of neglect someone is responsible.

children before that age are redeemed, they will understand, and have a knowlBring up your children, my brethren should they die, without any act upon edge of the gospel, a testimony of its and sisters, in light and truth. Teach

their part. One of the most wicked truth, and be prepared to resist the them by example. Fathers and mothers

doctrines ever taught in this world was persuasions and doctrines and teachings have to set the example. They cannot

that little children were born in sin, of those who would destroy that belief. say to their children, "You follow the

contaminated, and have to be cleansed I am grateful for our Primary organizateachings of the Church, but in our from that sin for which they themselves tions and our Sunday Schools, and the lives we are going to make exceptions."

were not responsible. Little children other organizations of the Church, but It cannot be done, not properly. You

were innocent in the beginning, the Lord brethren and sisters, the Lord has not parents, set the example. There should

says, and by his decree until they reach placed all the responsibility upon our be unity in the home, and if there is the age of accountability they are free auxiliary organizations, nor upon the unity in the home, then there is likely from sin, but from that age on they are bishops of wards to teach the children of to be unity in the Church. But we

under the necessity of baptism for the Zion the gospel of Jesus Christ. That begin in the home.

experience in our home that has caused The family and its choice relationships reflection. their serious importance. proper have assumed some The We Session, meFriday Morning

exists sixth love blessed that a our with been between husband and child—October 9, 1959

it girl. little precious Last sweet a wife, morning became! Sunday how And

I was called to the hospital about then above all, the thing of prime imof there I portance driving a gospel the knowledge I was was salvation that gives plan of haste meaning I had forgotten 'THEY 4:00noticeda.m.that Asin my

ALSO my wallet. I thought for a moment and purpose, direction and worth, to

I childthat gospel plan get it, raises the should return and and.'that life—a SERVE.. birth process physical a purely Later, thought, then I from time.""I haven't

A. Theodore Tuttle I stood by the bedside of my companion thing to a partnership with our Father

in his first processes that are in keeping heaven the and observed commandFirst the of in spiritual his childbirth. bringing in and ment, Council normal and natural When the Seventy of

in a moment of anguish a poignant cry children to tabernacle in temporal of pain escaped her lips, that wallet bodies.

didn't seem very important. I was grateful for the knowledge that

My dear brothers and sisters, my testiNow, I am not trying to depreciate a our family ties, sealed by the Holy mony this morning is that the soulwallet, nor the temporal security that Priesthood of the Lord and based upon stirring message that we have heard has it symbolizes, for I think it is necessary, obedience in righteousness to his comcome from the Lord; that his speaker and that the Lord intends by prudence mandments, would continue throughout

was the officially chosen servant to speak that we have sufficient of the world's eternity. I was grateful for the knowlto the world today, President David O. goods. However, I think there is someedge that love, as President McKay

McKay. Historically, this has always thing purifying that comes into the heart mentioned, will endure forever, and that

been the mission of a prophet—not so of a father when he stands by the side those things that matter most will surmuch to foretell as to forthtell. I trust of his wife during the processes of childvive and have meaning not only in this

that many besides the group in this birth, and I thought of the real values sphere, but in others also.

congregation will have borne upon their of life. The things that took on the Now, as I pay tribute to my wonderful

souls the same testimony that this mesmost significance were life itself and its wife, I pay tribute to another group of sage comes from the Lord through the purpose. women in this Church. I looked into

Lord's servant. The wallet was not of most value. their faces as I came to the pulpit this

Within the past week we have had an Life and the life of a loved one was. morning. These are the wives of the

918 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now, the gospel of Jesus Christ is "Yes,"he said, "I can accept some of if you cannot get the Spirit of the Lord the means of our salvation and exaltathem,"but he could not accept all of so that you can accept them."

tion. I have often wondered why some the doctrines that had come through Well, he is dead now. I do not know

members of the Church were members the revelations of our Father in heaven whether he repented or not, but brethof the Church, because they do not live and his Son Jesus Christ to the Church. ren, the gospel of Jesus Christ is the most

in accordance with the principles of After we got through with the convital thing in all the world to us. We

eternal truth. There is only one reason versation, and I had a long conversation should so live that we can accept every

for membership in this Church, as I with him, he said, "Now, I am going word that proceedeth forth from the understand it, and that is as a means of to ask you one favor. Please do not take mouth of God, and that is a commandreceiving salvation and exaltation in the any step to have me excommunicated."ment from him.

celestial kingdom of God. If that is not I said, "Why do you want to stay in Now if we have the right spirit, that

our aim then why are we in the Church? the Church when you are opposing its is what we are going to do. If there is

I know a man who went to school doctrines?"any doctrine or principle connected with

when I went to school, we played toHe said, "I will tell you why. I was the teachings of the Church that we

gether, went to school together. When raised in the Church, and my friends do not understand, then let us get on

he grew to be a man he went East and are members of the Church. I have few our knees. Let us go before the Lord

became a scientist. He came back, and associations outside of the Church. If in the spirit of prayer, of humility, and

then he began to create a great deal of I should be excommunicated that means ask that our minds might be enlightened disturbance in the Sunday School classes, that I should be cut off from all comthat we may understand. This Church

questioning the revelations that had munication, all fellowship with the peois not teaching false doctrine. All the

been given through the Prophet Joseph ple with whom I am now associating, revelations given to the Prophet Joseph

Smith. This came to my attention and I do not want that to happen. So Smith are absolutely true. They are

when one of the members of that class please do not take any steps to have given for our salvation, for our knowlcame to me and said, "This brother me excommunicated."edge, for our understanding, that we

comes to our class, and he is just a I thought there was some hope for may draw nearer and nearer to our disturbance."As I was well acquainted him so I did not take any such step, but Father in heaven, and be found worthy

it to getwith him, hold duty I made my I to try talk kindly before to get did the have and eventually and him him

Iof did asked him, and he him why folly his presence, to see of to of his privilege into the ways, coming him things;those disturbing the and was

classes, as sons repent, there to to the be he daughand crowned went and when of class. themembers

"Well,"he said, "I cannot accept all and he could go to the classes, he should ters of God, receiving the fulness of his of the revelations that were given to the not go with that spirit of defiance or kingdom.

Prophet Joseph Smith."opposition to the doctrines which the The Lord bless you, my good brethren

"Are there any of them that you can others believed. I said, "If you don't and sisters, I pray in the name of Jesus

accept?"believe them, then keep still and see Christ. Amen.

General Authorities. I think all of us words in the sonnet on his blindness: grateful beyond expression for a Church

know that at least once a week they share "They also serve who only stand and that is organized by the Lord Jesus their husbands with all of the Church wait."I am humbled by the great servChrist, that permits, even obligates, his

always two days, sometimes three, oftice that is given in this Church by these children to serve in his cause, a Church times more. For the wives there is no women, of whom this great Singing in which the lay members not only

compliment on a fine talk after the Mother's Chorus is but symbolic. participate, but lead, a Church in which

conference, no thanks for some question I would pay my respects, too, to one each one of us can find expression for answered, for some help given, ofttimes other group in the Church—the unsung his talents and growth in his character

not even a thought. However, few of and unheralded. Without their efforts as he strives to earn his salvation and

these Brethren could serve as well withthe work of this Church would come to to serve his fellow men.

out the quiet, sustaining, invisible, yet a standstill. These are the office per- I know that God lives, that Jesus

real strength that comes from the comsonnel, the secretaries, the office manChrist is his Son; that he lives, that he

panionship of a good wife. The women's agers, the custodians, the department directs this Church and his prophets

work is in the home with their children heads, the clerks, the stenographers, the here on this earth. I am grateful for

or grandchildren, sustaining their comoperators—all who give so unstintedly the Church organization that gives us

panions, serving in the Church and of their time and service in the Church a medium of service to mankind and community, and sharing their husbands Office Building, and elsewhere, because growth for ourselves. May each of us

with the rest of the Church. Although of their spirit of dedication and devotion in our own contribution find satisfaction

their work has an everydayness about it, to this work. and joy in service to our fellow men

it requires as much service and dedica- I humbly pray that the Lord will and to our Lord, I humbly ask in the tion as other kinds of work. bless his children who serve him. I am name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Then, as I go about in the wards and stakes, I find literally thousands of wives who do the same thing, who give service, even sacrifice, in permitting their When you climb up a ladder, you must begin at the bottom, husbands who hold the priesthood, to go and ascend step by step, until you arrive at the top; and so it is with

give countlessto meetings and principles thouthe Gospel—you begin with the must of the first, and go of service to their fellow of hourssands

... all on until the principles you learn of exaltation.men.

Surely Milton must have been thinkTeachings of the ing of such as these as he penned these Prophet Joseph Smith, page 348

DECEMBER 1959 919 "Blessed are the merciful: for they "And why take ye thought for raishall obtain mercy. ment? Consider the lilies of the field,

"Blessed are the pure in heart: for how they grow; they toil not, neither do

they shall see God."they spin:

all glory his in was it difficult to concentrate Solomon on "Even I find

... these. of arrayed is like one at not for gazing saying, just he A PORTRAIT OF what

THE MAN him. "But seek ye first the kingdom of God,

OF GALILEE HisHis browcomplexionis smooth.is clear. thingsand hisshallrighteousness,be added untoandyou.all...these

His eyes are blue. "Ask, and it shall be given you; seek,

William J. Critchlow, Jr. His hair is long. and ye shall find; knock, and it shall

you."like unto his hair. be opened is brown beard to Assistant the Council His

bless fathers is would priesthood perfect. feature every His You Twelve of the

if you would children and are graceful. wives your motions His

His voice is soft and low.* gather them around you and read to

Listen to him: "After this manner them the full text of the great Sermon

therefore pray ye: Our Father which on the Mount. Do it soon. It is the

President McKay, my brothers, sisters art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name. greatest speech ever delivered from the

and friends: "Thy kingdom come. Thy will be lips of men. It is the most widely circuIt men. it is ever heard in among lated as heaven. speech in earth, done setting apart President McKay, me

."of.. books thousands in printed day. been has us this "Give "to be a year ago, charged me:one

special witness to the name of Christ Need I repeat more of it? and uttered by thousands of speakers

in all the world."I shall use my few "Lay up not for yourselves treasures from thousands of pulpits to millions

minutes pursuing the business of that upon earth, where moth and rust doth of people.

charge. corrupt, and where thieves break through Another time, when he sought secluIn fancy, I made a pilgrimage back and steal; sion, he went into a desert place to be

through nineteen centuries of time to "But lay up for yourselves treasures away from the crowds. The multitude

Palestine. I went to seek the man of in heaven, where neither moth nor rust found him, and he received them. And

Galilee called Jesus. I fancied I was doth corrupt, and where thieves do not when the day began to wear away, he

in that fabulous city of Tiberius on the break through nor steal; gathered up five loaves and two fishes,

shore of the Sea of Galilee where I "For where your treasure is, there will blessed them, and fed five thousand observed, along the water's edge, miles your heart be also.... people. After the feeding, there reresidences fashionableof palaces and fragments. of picture baskets 'This pen twelve silk roadis by toa RomanChina, traderpausedwho,in mained the old groves and rich onsurrounded by palm thousand, four time he fed Another Palestine. luxuriance. tropicalgardens, with gay

On an almost deserted thoroughfare

I saw the markets of rich merchants and the stands of oriental trades people.

Approaching a merchant, I inquired if he knew the whereabouts of the man of Galilee, named Jesus. For a moment

he just stared at me; then said, "Where

have you been? Look at this deserted

street. Only minutes ago he came this

way going west, and all the customers have followed,followed him. I would

to watchtoo, someone had I my merPRAYER FOR AN AGED LADY chandise."I overtook the multitude before it by Rowena Cheney settled on a little hill. Fortunately, I

sitting with near myself himfound comes, her gently summons when go her Let there who, out for of youspace some small in this room overlong tarry Nor imagination stretch will yourin fancy, let the be clear, call way the earth. And years back We nine hundred thousandone

into the past. Come quickly. He is That every step along her path may loom

speaking: A lovely, beckoning landmark. Let her go

"Blessed are the poor in spirit: for Quickly and buoyantly, as virgin snow

theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Effortless, floats upon the winter air.

"Blessed are they that mourn: for they Be kind to her, that she may never know

shall be comforted. are the meek: for they shall A fruitless waiting in a barren gloom. "Blessed

(Seeinherit the earth."Matt, chapters And may her sleep, while yet she lingers here,5-7 Mount.) on the for Sermon

He pauses, and arises from his sitting Be a sweet foretaste nightly, of that peace position upon a large rock as if to survey Toward which she journeys. Let her dreams be calm,

the multitude. Her wonder and expectancy increase

He is tall in stature, perfectly formed As she draws nearer to that opening gate.

without spot or blemish. He wears a If she could choose, she would not hesitate.

tunic and an outer robe. Sandals are Do not require her, when it swings ajar—

feet. hison to wait; submissively delayed, be To

settles back upon the rock and He release. spirit quick grant her sturdy But

speaks: "Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they

shall be filled.

920 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA after blessing seven loaves and a few he ascended heavenward. As he disap- I came down from heaven.

fishes. peared a heavenly messenger announced: All power is given unto me.

The feeding of these thousands was "... Ye men of Galilee, why stand I am the light.

only one of the many kinds of miracles ye gazing into heaven? this same Jesus, Ask in my name.

he performed. which is taken up from you into heaven, Come unto me, all ye that labour

He cleansed the leper; shall so come in like manner as ye have and are heavy laden, and I will give

rest. (Acts 1:11.) you into heaven."seen go him into wine; water—turned

I the way. of this Nazareth Jesus am came Whence the wind;—stilled commandments. Keep of Galilee? this my man waves; the—calmed

I Sabbath. the Lord his ministry of the before thirty years am Some water; the on—walked

greater I temple. the than his laden with mother, began, Mary, am halt; sick the the and—healed

life. I travail, the of her throes the in child am spirits; and evil out—cast

life. the I resurrection the and at Bethlehem. just arrived am had blind; sight to the—returned

I truth. the fouror-five a long day been Hers am had life dead. the to—restored pass shall away, little earth and donkey, Heaven of a the back journey on throughout his spread of deeds Words

the countryside, even to Greece and when she was not afoot. When she but my words shall not pass away.

Rome, and when it was time for the arrived, there was no place for her at I will rise from the dead.

Feast of the Passover, Jerusalem was the inn where she had expected to stay, He that hath seen me hath seen the crowded with people from far and near and no one round about would give her Father.

who had come to see this marvelous space to stay. So a bed of clean straw Ye call me Master and Lord; and ye

man of Galilee. And they were not was hastily made for her in a manger say well for so I am."

disappointed. Down from the Mount in a nearby stable. "I know,"said the woman at the

of Olives and through the streets of There, Jesus of Nazareth was born. well, "that Messias cometh, which is

Jerusalem he came, riding a little donThe dumb animals tethered there were called Christ."key. the first to hear the infant cry. Jesus answered—"I that speak unto

country thee the in same were am he."flowers, "And there strewn with His path was (Johnshouted—4:2526.)"... tell us field, Caiaphas keeping in the abiding When friends shepherds of the robes branches, andpalm

who watched his entry and who sang: watch over their flock by night. whether thou be the Christ, the Son of

"Hosanna to the Son of David: "And lo, the angel of the Lord came God.""Blessed is he that cometh in the upon them, and the glory of the Lord Jesus answered—"Thou hast said."

name of the Lord: shone round about them: and they were (Matt 26:6364.)

"Hosanna in the highest."(See Mark sore afraid. "Nearly two thousand years have

11:9-10.) "And the angel said unto them, Fear passed and none has reigned, or served,

Witnessing the procession, I fancy, not: for, behold, I bring you good tidings or dreamed who has so touched and

were two slaves, filled with rabid of great joy, which shall be to all peomoulded human life. He is the idealcuriosity. ple. the example—the greatest unalterable,

in a influence growing in the wholesome, this day is born unto you "For of the other. is one he?"asked "Who

his Books on is Christ and tears. world of blood which a Saviour, city of David the reply. was know,""I don't

"Is he a king?"the Lord. life fill libraries; the name of Pharaohs,

"No, he's not a king.""And this shall be a sign unto you; Caesars, emperors, kings of all ages that

"Well, is he crazy?"Ye shall find the babe wrapped in have come and gone are but ghosts upon

dust legions Their page. a printed in manger."lying a clothes, swaddling crazy."not "No—he's armadas their proud land; the upon 2:8-12.) (Luke is he?""Then who

floor."shepocean rust the an upon the in manger there And a not "I don't king—he's know—he's life, surpasses solitary this one "But him. found herds a king."greater thansomething

is the Its one influence all power. brought East in the from wise Later men his triumphal all watched who Not

future years."of frankincense, hope and remaining gifts of gold, babe friends. the his were into Jerusalementry

thoucourt, nearly two In a Roman dismyrrh. Sanhedrin, of the JewishMembers Pontius skeptic the ago, years wise as these men, sand come, had If Jesus preaching, miracles and Jesus'turbed by

a "Art thou of Jesus: frankingold, Pilate demanded bearing camel, riding on a growing his by alarmed and definitely

on his king?"a crown with myrrh, and as cense, people, the with popularity

I end was been "To this answered: have Jesus would undoubtedly for his for watched,they arrest—evenplotted the I into for this cause came born, and of the Jews. later they hours his death. many head,accepted—kinghe Not

bribed one of his apostles with thirty His coming had been long awaited, world, that I should bear witness unto pieces of silver to betray him. After a but they could not accept one, born so the truth."

trial of mockery, held informally, irhumbly and lowly in a stable. The perplexed Pilate muttered: "What

18:3738.) in is truth?"home, from (John away night the He illegally during regularly, came—born and

sisters brothers truth, and The slept, he obscurity. people, the friends, his while

I all it in say simfriends clearest, most called to a place He led is,—andmy then preached—the scourged, was

is Jesus, witness: ever that truth my profound of teacher cross. ple, a to solemnity—itand nailed was he where Calvary

of the is Christ, Son of Galilee, the man men. "Father, among came were, last words hisAmong

for He healed they know not what forgive them;

shall I do 23:34.) (Luke He they do."called followers about him—even thePilateLivingspokeGod.again: "What

this man?"with of the apostles. Sabbath the was morrow The history. twenty did is Now What denied, and on his presence Lest their God. He Lord suffered—betrayed, liswill you, centuries my helater—what his day, holy deserted. that desecrate cross the friends, sisters do brothers, and tening a laid upon horrible death and removed hurriedly was body He died—a this with man?

away in a borrowed tomb where it lay cross. Speaking for myself, I have accepted for three days. He was resurrected—after three days him as the Son of God.

Resurrected, he tarried off and on with in a tomb. He is the living Son of the Living

his disciples for forty days. He lives. God—that is my testimony—my witOne day, as he walked with his He will return again. ness—and I declare it boldly, yet

disciples on a lonely road, he paused to Listen; these words are his: humbly, in the name of Jesus Christ.

bless them and then in their presence c7 am from above. Amen.

DECEMBER 1959 921 become a mother, and we are all just want what they think is the fun, but they do not want the responsibility. "GOING brokenhearted."This letter is typical of a nationwide Said one youngster quoted STEADY"problem, one which has become of major zine: "I'm a party boy. I injustLifeain'tmagacut

concern to both federal offilocal and out to be married."Mark E. Petersen cials, and poses which difficult a situaare the reasons What these early the Council of of tion for school executives parts child in many marriages? so have we Why dofor the Twelve of the It nation. is a situation which of these is many adolescent tragedies? Let

forcing an increasing number of young me list a few of the reasons.

people into child marriages and child 1. Early dating. Unfortunately this

you, With brothers with I divorces, my and sisters, broken hearts is and broken early dating often encouraged by parhave been very deeply lives, and impressed the problem by the is a growing one. ents, officials, school and occasionally

conference session this morning. I do In the September 6, 1959 issue of by some church groups. Children are not know Parade I have when been there magazine so deeply appeared actually an at urged times to date when touched by of the words a article with pictures prophet of discussing this they 11, are but 12, 13 years of and age.

as I God have this problem. It been morning entitled, was by "Married 2. Early dating soon into grows early

the remarkable address Teenagers."of our of President. the pictures One steady showed dating. steady at go Some 13

I this love is President. a 17year-old the triplets. of He mother prophet 14, and The while so at 16. do many 15 and of Almighty article God. I bear discussed you in solemn conditions 3. Dallas, my is Steady dating encouraged by

is testimony he the seer, prophet, reported and that in and Texas, the schools steady dancing, one where boy dances revel ator of of the city for that Almighty there us are today, chil480 married girl all with one evening.

I testify to and if that dren: you in senior 459 in high we follow schools; 12 in 4. Early steady dating the demands his footsteps accept and junior his high teachings schools; the 9 and in elementary of use automobiles. In North Carolina,

will Lord bless us schools. and prosper us and where study one it was conducted was guide us throughout our days. Family Service The of Society learned San that girls, ninth grade many

I have And so been Bernardino deeply in touched, County California re13 14 old, years and dated only boys with you, by these ports other addresses that from two the year 1940 to 1958 cars, with of and those boys many were

I heard. that we grateful for the number of marriages am so involving is two under 16, legal which the driving

these testimonies teenagers pertaining to increased the twelve times, age. and 13year-old said, "I One boy asked

of Savior I the world. the love marriages Jesus Christ. involving one teenager a girl of age date. for a asked my She

I love as him increased six times. Redeemer and my average if I The my age I car. a drove said me no. 'Well,'

I Savior. that of know is love these likeyou children 17 him girls for said, she and 'come back ask and when me

Iwise, but that 18 for love know boys, our for but of him involve many do.'them you

is interpreted strictly in 13, of terms 14, and 15 yearold our 5. girls, and 14, Early steady dating free and the

service to him. 15, "He that hath 16 yearold and boys. commy of use automobiles lead by childrenmandments, to and it keepeth is them, he The U.S. News World Report for early & intimacies and immorality. Said

that loveth me."14:21.) 12, (John December said So 1958 reports that there one girl asked who was about thisthe subSavior. are child mothers, some married ject: and loved each so other "We much,

I like to would talk not, in some with you today of twentytwo the twentytogether just all were and we the time.

in a projection of of the high some schools ideas three in city the of there's Washnot And do, to much you knowpresented to us ington, President by D. as as well in McKay. of C, four the the drivein movies, and the movies

These words that he gave us, that we elementary schools of that city. downtown, and that's about all. Somust be preachers of the The Associated Word, Press, in and a nationally after all you've seen the movies, yoube evangelists for the Lord, arc published so filled article written out if of Washjust park the car you're and in love

with meaning for us all. I hope each ington by Roger Greene, dated August 9 well, that's it."

one of us will take these words to heart. of this year, reports: "An alltime record 6. Early intimacies bring early child

of oneEach us is a minister. of babies Each one born marriages. of wedlock—more isof us for evangelist an Christ. than 200,000 set Where off 7. a new Child marriages bring on divorce, a year—hasout

is ministry? your of storm controversy over ebbing standas said, Gatling Judge in ninety percent

I like to talk would. ards.. with of you about morality. American Latest of cases. the

ministryyour figures among your children, own show the rate births of such per in Better Writing and Gardens Homesbecause are you ministers of the 1,000 Lord unmarried females tripled has in magazine recently, Howard Williams your if children,unto and last will you two decades, do the with a particularly discussed the of great moral breakdownyour duty children, your by will rise alarming you be girls. among teenage.. the socalled "enlightened era,"and saviorsas on to Zion Mount them. illegitimate But 5,000 babies are born said: each. "Promiscuity, illegitimacy, heartfail inif you responsibility your in... servgirls to year 15. under tragic bybreak, A all misery and are that the ening the Lord pertaining is children, to your product at that least 20,000 lightened young era has us. brought Let's putthey astray, go may the and Lord has sell unwed mothers their babies the on to an end them."

said that their sins shall 'black be the market'upon annually, price with tags But can how put an we end to them?

ofheads the parents. ranging from to $3,000."$1,500 In to order so do see must the we probfew days letter. I received ago It a A Life magazine recently carried clearly. an lem help in us To our study

is like letters other some received, article I have this on trend child toward marpermit to ask pointed me some questions

I like toand would read a part of this riages resulting from the present of dating as parents. you

letter It to you. comes from a mother. tendencies children. of American 1. After early should How young people

says: "IShe is have a daughter leads who showing what to these up tragic date? it is you think Do wise for 12

15. friend Her is 16. boy marriages, article They the discussed dithe 13 and 14 yearold and children to date?have going been for steady year. over a vorces result. It which quoted Judge 2. Should schools or other orpublic

just have learned that are now they WillardWe of Gatling Charlotte, ganizations North sponsor for dances early in serious -trouble. first For the few Carolina the subject. on Said the teens require and that only couples

of theirmonths friendship they dated judge: "Teenage marriage has almost come? Should schoolteachers force early

occasionally.only they Then decided possibility no of succeeding. Ninety dating these upon youngsters? By what steady.''goto the That was beginning percent are total failures."right do they exclude children fromof their It trouble. seemed they is fact were that The neither the boy nor schoolsponsored socials because or they inalways other's each company. girl the at this is tender in Now age any their way parents oppose dating at this early

little is girl 15year-oldmy soon for to prepared marriage. girl and The boy age?

922 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3. At what age should girls begin of their children. Parents must make The Boy Scouts of America engaged

wearing lipstick and dressing and acting certain that their children have a proper the Institute of Social Research of the like grownups? At 12 or 13, or even conception of true values, moral, ecoUniversity of Michigan to make a study

younger? This may seem like a trivial nomic, and religious. of adolescent young people. That study

thing, but does not the early use of lipIt is an interesting thing that studies showed that the vast majority of young stick mean an early invitation to dating, made in the Family Service Agency of people—ninetyfour percent—desire and

and does not early dating so often lead San Bernardino showed that among diexpect that their parents will provide to early tragedy? vorcees fortythree percent never went leadership for them and give them

4. Should little boys and girls kiss and to church at all; thirtyfive percent went guidance; ninetvfive percent said they

neck? The youngsters themselves should occasionally; and only twentytwo perare willing to take parents'rule on what

think carefully about that question. They cent attended church with any regulartime to come in at night; eightyseven

may kid themselves into thinking that ity. percent are willing to accept their parearly necking is a sign that they have Parents must decide on the use of ents'advice pertaining to money; sevnow grown up. But is it? In reality it the family car by their youngsters. In entysix percent accept their parents'

is but the first step to the more serious this connection they must be obedient guidance in personal problems; sixtytwo

and tragic petting which drags so many to the law, and not permit their chilpercent accept their parents'advice on 13, 14, 15, and 16 yearold children dren to drive until they reach legal age. how to act when out in a crowd; ninety

down into a loss of virtue and into forced They might also have in mind the percent believe that when parents make marriages or illegal operations. paragraph about automobiles contained rules, those rules are for the benefit of

5. When should young people begin in an article by Tacob M. Braude, circuit the youngsters, and not for the congoing steady? Should it be while they court judge in Chicago, who listed the venience of the parents.

are yet in junior and senior high school? fifteen chief causes of juvenile deBut the survey also showed a tragic

Or should steady dating be reserved for linquency, and said: note—the parents do not live up to the

the time when young people are actually "A boy or a girl under 21 has no busiexpectations of the youngsters. They

considering marriage, and are old ness owning a car, period. These young fail to provide the leadership their own

enough to consider it sensibly and people simply don't have the sense of children expect of them.

realistically, and are capable of carrymoral and social responsibility that When the study endeavored to find ing on the responsibilities of marriage? should go hand in hand with the ownerout how many parents plan family

6. After their first ruinous experience ship of an automobile. activities to include the children, it was

in child marriage and child divorce, do "Now I don't mean by this that it is discovered that only seventeen percent the young people consider that in the wrong for properly licensed boys or girls provide such activities regularly; sixty

future they might desire a good marto drive the family car under effective percent only occasionally; and twentyriage, a permanent one, with a respectparental supervision.... But the key two percent not at all.

able and wellestablished partner? And to the automobile problem is oroper All of this points up the wisdom of

do they consider that when they come adult supervision—and this is difficult, the Lord in laying upon the parents the

to that age, the good fellows and the indeed, when the juvenile himself owns responsibility of rearing and training desirable girls may not wish to marry the car. Youngsters who buy automotheir own children, and adding that if

someone else's castoff? biles legitimately are faced with the they fail to do so, the sin be upon the

What are some of the remedies for constant drain of buying gas and mainhead of the parents.

this situation? First and foremost I taining the car, a problem that too many Now I ask you—do you want an early

believe that it lies in large part in the of them solve with a syphon hose or child marriage for your youngster, with parents'assuming their proper role as money stolen from home. A large peronly a ten percent chance of that marguardians of their children. Parents centage of the sex offenses can also be riage being successful? Do you want to

need not forever be slaves to the philostraced directly to juvenile ownership take the chance on immorality that ophy that they must obey their children of cars."forcefully confronts you if you permit

in every whim. Parents must assume Parents must be exemplary themselves. your child to date early, and especially

the position of leadership in the family. How can they expect their children to if you permit the child to date steadily?

They must make the basic decisions of respect them if they themselves are not Are you willing to assume the full family life and not leave these decisions respectable, or if they themselves are guardianship of your own child, and to the spoiled children of the household. not obedient to law and order? How protect that child from its own whims

In an article in a recent issue of This can parents expect their children to acand the whims of others?

Week magazine, under the caption, cept their discipline if the parents refuse Are you willing to stand at the cross- "Don't Let Them Grow up Too Fast,"to discipline themselves? roads with your child and protect him

the author referred to a study made in And then parents, as adult citizens or her from the temptation and degradaNorth Carolina, where parents got toand taxpayers, must express themselves tion that usually accompanies early and gether to slow down early dating and on school problems which affect their steady dating? Are you willing to do

early marriage in that state. The parown children. They must become vocal for your child what the Lord asks you

ents formed a league to do so. The and active members of parentteacher to do, to rear that child as a faithful

article said: "The kids themselves apgroups and other organizations which Latterday Saint, a good citizen, and give

prove of the slowdown program. They can sway opinion and policy with respect him an opportunity to work out his fudon't want to be pushed into adultto the social life of their children at ture successfully?

hood. And far from resenting clearcut school. Parents must cooperate with You as parents hold the key to the

rules and regulations they apprelaw and enforcement officers in their situation. You are the custodians and

ciate guidance and discipline. efforts to preserve law and order in their the guardians of your own children. If

"One 14 yearold girl said: 'Since my communities. you do not guard and protect and rear

parents joined the league, they've begun Parents must develop good character them, who will?

telling me what I can do and what I in their children, a love of righteousness, I humbly and earnestly pray that we can't do, and frankly, it's a big load off faith, a respect for other people, and will assume the responsibility which is ours, to overlove children well our children help their and enough mind. must Andmy anyway,"isn't that what they

for selfishness, to live for?'train guide them,;, give are the to andparents and and come them

Parents must screen the playmates and future, and not for the momentary lusts to them the leadership and direction dating partners of their children. Paror socalled pleasures of today. which most young people expect of their

ents must decide when the child is old Does it seem that I lay too much upon parents, and this is my humble and enough to date. Parents must provide the parents? Not when you realize that earnest prayer, in the name of the Lord

chaperonage for early social activities the parents hold the key to the situation. Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1959 923 Friday Afternoon Session, prejudice can ignore it. However, he are the depths of the mysteries of him;

October 9, 1959 may be accounted for by the reasoning and it is impossible that man should find mind, Joseph Smith, the Mormon out all his ways. And no man knoweth

REVIEWING THE time."Prophet,(Georgewas oneWhartonof the wondersJames.) of his wherefore,of his ways savebrethren,it be revealeddespise untonot him;the

REVELATIONS acteristicsOne of theof thegreatLatterdaydistinguishingSaint peoplecharrevelationsAgain Moroni,of God."another(JacobBook4:8.) of Moris that they are governed by revelations mon prophet, speaks of those who would

Alvin R. Dyer ourfrommidst,God, andor whetherwhether peoplewe go comeout intointo deny"Andrevelation.again I speak unto you who

Assistant to the Council the world, this characteristic remains a deny the revelations of God, and say of the Twelve distinguishing factor. that they are done away, that there are

I recall that some few years ago in no revelations, nor prophecies, nor gifts,

My dear brothers and sisters, I feel it one of the communities of Oklahoma a nor healing, nor speaking with tongues, is a great privilege to be in your presence minister, in an effort to discredit the and the interpretation of tongues;

here today, in the presence of my Bretheffects of our missionary work, in that "Behold I say unto you, he that deren, and to be under the inspiration and area had an article placed in a daily nieth these things knoweth not the gospel leadership of our Prophet and those who newspaper, from which I quote a part. of Christ; yea, he has not read the

are associated with him in the PresiHe said: "The first thing that you should scriptures; if so, he does not understand

dency of the Church, and I have felt know is that these missionaries are a them.

here this day the power and the inspirapart of a church that claims to have a "For do we not read that God is the tion of the Spirit as it has been manirevelation and a prophet."same yesterday, today, and forever, and

fested in what has been said. How well he placed the facts. Yet in him there is no variableness neither

A number of years ago there was a it seems rather strange that a Christian shadow of changing?"(Mormon 9:7-9.)

noted historian sent to Salt Lake City, minister would make such a statement The revelations from God are a great to study the customs and the way of in derision, for revelation and the prophexpediency in leading man unto eternal living of the Latterday Saints. He reets have ever been a part of God's plan life and exaltation. Yet in every age,

mained here many years among our to convey commandments and teachings where God's will has been expressed people and published a book in the year of righteousness unto his children. There unto his people, there have been those

of 1922 telling of his findings. I should are others, like this minister, who feel who have failed to obey and who have

like to read a paragraph or two from that we have no right to receive revelain some instances rebelled against the what he said about our people. He tion, but if we do not receive revelation revealed word of God.

never knew the Prophet Joseph Smith. for the guidance and direction of the This was true with the greatest of all

He could only tell of his work by the true Church of Jesus Christ, then we prophets, Christ the Lord. Early in his

results as it was manifest among the do not have the oracles of God, and if ministry multitudes of people followed people who were guided by the revelawe do not have the oracles of God, then him everywhere, for he blessed them, tions from God which their prophet had we are not the people of God. raised their dead, and fed their hunger.

received. I quote: But this is not the fact, for over and But, upon that occasion when he an-

"Who can explain Joseph Smith? over again God has revealed his will nounced to them for the first time that

What are the 'revelations from God'? unto this, his people, through his servhe was the Son of God and that he

What is their test? Is it not beyond all ants, the prophets. In the first section would reveal unto them the mind and

reason that a lad, born of poor parents, of the Doctrine and Covenants, which will of the Father, that he was the living devoid of any save the commonest eduis a book of revelations given through bread sent down from heaven, they cation, too poor to buy books, should the Prophet Joseph Smith unto the turned and walked no more with him, have accomplished what he did in less Latterday Saints, the Lord has said: seeing the people turn from him because

than forty years, unless there was some "Wherefore, I the Lord, knowing the of revelation, he turned to his disciples great reason for it? calamity which should come upon the and said, "Will ye go away also?"—but

"Let anyone, even a literary genius, inhabitants of the earth, called upon my his nearest disciples led by Peter, did after forty years of life, try to write a servant Joseph Smith, Jun., and spake not leave him, for they accepted his

companion volume to the Book of Morunto him from heaven, and gave him revelations; gone, however, were the

mon, and then almost daily for a numcommandments."(D & C 1:17.) crowds of people who had followed him

ber of years give out 'revelations'that These commandments are revelations on the shores of Galilee and the hillsides internally harmonize one with another, from God which provide the laws and of Judea. From that day forth, save for

at the same time formulate a system of ordinances of the gospel, and by obedihis closest disciples, he walked alone.

doctrine for a Church, introduce many ence to them will exalt man in the Unfortunately, in the early days of new principles, resuscitate extinct priestpresence of our Heavenly Father. The the Church not all of the Latterday

hoods, and formulate a system of Church Prophet Jacob, one of the Book of MorSaints accepted the revelations. I supgovernment which has no superior upon mon prophets, speaks of the need of pose that as each revelation was given

earth... to deny such a man a wonderrevelation in this manner. He says: to the Prophet Joseph Smith, and it was

ful power over the human heart and "Behold, great and marvelous are the made known unto the people, just that intellect is absurd. Only fanatical works of the Lord. How unsearchable many more of the weak Saints rebelled

left his little family earth "JUST ONE truth,I seekto onlymerittothebe Spiritable toof speakthe Lordthe saintedand departedfather whothis more will direct thirtyfive ago, years into he went me and bless me how BOY"which than in so doing. field I appreciate at call the the wonderful missionary of the the

Marion D. Hanks sermons which have been delivered here Lord through the Brethren, in his late

of the First Council from the first through Brother Dyer's. 'teens, carrying copies of the Book of

of the Seventy I sat thinking a moment ago of my Mormon with testimony and conviction,

924 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and turned away from the Church. This but there is no error in the revelations of our people not attending their Sacrahecamc one of the great prohlems to our which I have taught."(May 12, 1844.) ment meeting. Would you say that

people in the days of Kirtland and I have mentioned these things, my this failure to attend, on the part of

Missouri, for some of the members and brethren and sisters, only in reflection some, is something of a rebellion against leaders alike opposed and did all that to bring it down to us today. Can we this revelation given at Jackson County,

they could to prevent the coming forth say, with regard to revelation, in a simiMissouri, in 1831?

of further revelation, and the progress lar sense, that those who fail in the Then what about the revelation on of the Church. Church today to accept and live fully virtue and the receiving of the Holy

The Prophet Joseph Smith, speaking the revelations given are somewhat reGhost, given in Liberty Prison in 1839, of this at Far West, had this to say: bellious perhaps not in the same when the Prophet revealed to us that if

"Many men will say I will never forantagonistic manner which was maniwe would have the companionship of sake you, hut will stand by you at all fest in the early days, but nevertheless the Holy Ghost, our lives must be virtutimes, but the moment you teach them rebel within themselves against the word ous and we must live constantly under some of the revelations (mysteries) of of the Lord. There are some who perthat influence? Would you say that

the kingdom of God that are retained haps sense the great value of these Godthose who have evil thoughts and would in the heavens and are to be revealed given truths, yet fail in their appropriapermit unclean practices to come into to the children of men when they are tion. They will not let go for fear of their lives are opposing the will and the

prepared for them, they will be the first losing something greatly worth while, revelations of God on purity of life?

to stone you and put you to death."but still hold back when it comes to There are still other revelations—the

The Prophet continued in this very fully accepting the revelations from God. reiteration of the Ten Commandments

significant meeting to make this further May I consider with you for a few at Kirtland, Ohio, in section 42; the

statement: "Would to God, brethren, I moments some of the vital revelations great principle of righteous dominion,

could tell you who I am! would to God given through the Prophet Joseph Smith in section 121, wherein we are to live

I could tell you what I know! but you and perhaps as we go back to our homes with our fellow men in kindness, in

would call it blasphemy, and there are from this great conference of the Church longsuffering, in meekness, and love men on this stand who would want to we can regenerate in our own thinking unfeigned, in the true spirit of brothertake my life."Continuing further, he the desire to conform more closely to hood as becomes a Latterday Saint; the

said, "When God offers a blessing, or the commandments which the Lord has revelations on temple work in sections knowledge to a man, and he refuses to required of us through these revealed 124, 127, and 128, given in Nauvoo, receive it, he will be damned."Thus writings. I refer to a revelation with Illinois, in 1841 and 1842.

by the implied remarks of the Prophet, regard to the magnifying of the priestAre we doing all that we can in acthe rebellion of the weak Saints in the hood found in section 84 and section cordance with these revelations, and if days of Kirtland and Missouri con121, given at Kirtland, Ohio, in 1832, we are not are we inwardly opposing tinued, yes, even unto the days of Nauand at Liberty, Missouri, in 1839, and them? My brothers and sisters, you be

voo. They seemed, unfortunately, not when we find that perhaps two thirds the ones to answer that for yourselves.

to understand the things of God, which of the elders who hold the Melchizedek Then there is this last one Twill refer had been revealed. Priesthood, are found not to be in their to, the revelation on harmful indulWhen the work of the Prophet Joseph priesthood meetings each Sunday morngences—the Word of Wisdom—and we

Smith was completed, when he had ing, we realize the need of greater adsee the manifest desire of many within received the keys, powers, and ordiherence to this instruction. Would we the Church to twist the meaning of this

nances, and had conferred them upon say that those who are not fully living great revelation, and those who do this, the heads of the Quorum of the Twelve, in accordance with this revelation are are they rebelling against the will of when he realized and sensed that the perhaps opposing the divine will of our God as they did in the earlier days?

time had come when he would give his Heavenly Father as it is expressed I bear record to you, my brethren and life for his work, he seemed to speak, through his prophets? sisters, that these revelations have been

upon occasion, more emphatically than There is the revelation given on tithgiven to us for our enlightenment, for ever before with regard to the truth of ing and offerings at Far West, Missouri, our growth, that we may return to the the revelations which he received, indiin 1838. Would you say, my brethren presence of our Heavenly Father. They

cating that there were those within the and sisters, that a man, especially one are a distinguishing characteristic of the

Church then who opposed and did not who holds the Melchizedek Priesthood, Latterday Saints. We are to use them

accept all the revelations which God had and who does not pay an honest tithing for our upbuilding and growth within given through him. These were his is rebelling against the revelations of the kingdom of God.

words upon the memorable occasion of God? Would it not be profitable to reone of his last addresses to the Saints. What about attendance at Sacrament view the revelations—to learn afresh—to

"Oh! I beseech you go forward and meeting? I remember as a young man "know our duty"and then where needmake your calling and election sure being placed in a bishopric, and of being ful adjust our lives fully to the laws

when did I ever teach anything wrong told we ought to achieve twenty percent and commandments of God?

from this stand? When was I ever conattendance at Sacrament meeting. To- I bear record to the truthfulness of

founded? I want to triumph in Israel day the current average attendance is the revelations given to the Prophet

before I depart hence and am no more thirtythree percent, and yet each SunJoseph Smith. In the name of Jesus

seen. I never told you I was perfect day finds sixtyseven out of one hundred Christ. Amen.

expressing his deepest assurance of the testimony, his faith, and the Book. through all the years since the estabvalidity of the work he represented and As President Smith spoke I marveled lishment of the Church.

yet without adequate knowledge, perthat we have lived long enough and As President Smith referred to the age haps, because he was but a boy and that we live in a time, you and I, when of eight and his faith that a youngster because much knowledge now available the wise men, the honest men of the at that age can know, I thought of my was not had, to defend his viewpoint in world, are coming to understand some little children and then of a book pubthe eyes of the world. He had but his of the things the Lord has taught us lished recently, written by two of the

DECEMBER 1959 925 most accepted, and I think effective, liable to life imprisonment according mony about the importance of the one, child psychologists of the day, commentto the book. to add my humble witness to the charge

ing on the age "eight"in the lives of the The book notes that these Mormons that has been given every teacher and young. insisted on coming together in the name parent, every youthinfluencing, every

"Eight seems to be an age when much of the Lord—that when they had a few adultinfluencing Latterday Saint, to

that was not comprehended before is minutes they met to worship God in be concerned about the one individual often easily understood. At that age it their own way. child of God.

is almost as though a new dimension When I think how the Lord must love I heard a statement as I drove toward has been added to the child's underand look with compassion upon such Brigham Young University the other standing."individuals, when out of my own experimorning from the Talmud, or so it was

It is remarkable that qualified and ence as a parent I can see how much I quoted: "To save one life is like saving

earnest seekers after truth should dislove my little ones, I can understand a whole nation."And I began to think

cover that at age eight a new dimen- (at least within my limitations) what of other statements, including the one sion enters into the life of the child. the Lord meant when he talked about from the eighteenth section of the Doctrine in his sight. to of souls Covenants, which and worth And we have assured us Lord he the of this whenThe

I the of alluded. thought of I believe statement understand imit more I may longtalked accountability of the age of

ago. pressively and movingly today than I Oliver Wendell Holmes, who said,

it individual before. ever is an "Every omnibus."understood have Do

Presiimplicit thing in both Of one I see significance the implication read you and you words with some May Smith's Dyer's Brotherdent and this? all of familiar, are in read and rewhich them

just for a few speakmarks, I would said? blessing of As context have the marvelous has been what we

moments. "Remember the worth of souls is great setting missionaries apart, I can seldomof

A thoughtful friend phoned this in the sight of God; refrain from thinking of them (and ocreceived—Imorning to tellhad menotof seena booka copyhe hadnorjustis suffered"For behold,death inthetheLordflesh;yourwhereforeRedeemerhe casionallyas in each ofsayus,it)is wrappedthat in eachup a ofheritagethem,it available in our bookstores yet—a book suffered the pain of all men, that all and a promise, for each is a distillation

called, I Found God in Soviet Russia, men might repent and come unto him."of much that has gone before, and bein which a man tells of his own experi- (D&C 18:1011.) yond all that is represented in the indiences as a prisoner in a concentration There follows the great statement of vidual now and of the past, there is also

camp in Siberia. the joy of the Lord in the soul that rethe future, because in each of us are the

He talks of the religious faith that penteth, and this: seeds of the future; in each of us there

permitted people to endure and survive. "And if it so be that you should labor is, in fact, the capacity and possibility of

He mentions in at least four different all your days in crying repentance unto becoming many.

places, and this would perhaps be a this people, and bring, save it be one Could I tell you one story which bears satisfying if sorrowful and surprising soul unto me, how great shall be your repetition—and I have had the blessing

thing for us to know, that in a concenjoy with him in the kingdom of my of repeating it in some of the stakes of tration camp in Siberia there is a little Father!"the Church. It is the most significant

band of members of the Church of Jesus And then the marvelous statement single experience I have ever had, perChrist of Latterday Saints, meeting that "... if your joy will be great with sonally, about the importance of one. It

faithfully and loyally, unwilling to deny one soul... how great will be your happened long enough ago that I think

or let rest or become indifferent to their joy if you should bring many souls unto the individual involved would not be responsibilities even though to be a me!"(Idem, 1516.) conscious of our noting him, though I

member of the Church makes them I have in mind to express my testisee no harm if he is.

ministry, for the edifying of the body of and thanksgiving for the blessings

Christ,"(Eph. 4:12) until we all come which have come into their lives;

to a knowledge of the truth. wherein they are taught the true joys of

/%? as reminisced service Brother to I have fellow our Hanks God and men. My,

I contrast a been speaking. HOW ARE WE has story sure he to the will what has he am

WORSHIPING? pardon me if I make reference to him related to us. just

and his marvelous family. It was my There is another anniversary this

live in to privilege for the Nineteenth be pardoned making I may Ward week—if Longden John Salt fifty in Stake. to 12, reference the Lake October years ago on the On it—just Assistant to the Council 1 left for to I 1921, mission the Central father 7th of October arrived and my my

of the Twelve States. The day after, there came into in Salt Lake City—a boy of ten, coming

the home of Brother and Sister Hanks, to a new world with one purpose in not a small boy—he was rather large, mind, to be close to the center of the I understand—I was not there, but I Church and to serve the Lord.

My testimony has been strengthened have heard—and he was named Marion. I am grateful for that father who

and my faith increased in the glorious Well, you have seen his works; you have listened to the missionaries some sixtytruths of the gospel of Jesus Christ to felt his spirit. There are others in this three years ago in England, about two

which we have listened today. It does family just as good and just as devoted years before I was born, who accepted

answer the questions: why these general to building up the kingdom of God. these truths and for about fortyfive years

conferences, why these quarterly conTheirs is an example of a good Latterwas associated with the Scout program ferences, why these conferences of the day Saint home, wherein are taught the of the Church.auxiliary organizations—"For the pertruths of the gospel of Jesus Christ; I shall ever be grateful for my memfecting of the saints, for the work of the wherein they gather in humble prayer bership in the Church of Jesus Christ,

926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A man walked into these grounds and large family. bishop's counselor propelled out the door

into an office in the Bureau of InformaThere are two questions I asked him, that morning? Just one boy? Just one?

tion one day long ago. He interrupted a which I think each person here would This one has in his own lifetime beconversation which was private and do well to hear answered as he ancome, in effect, a multitude, and the

serious, and did it without apology. He swered them. I asked, in effect, how current has but begun to run, and everywas quite an elderly man; he was not he had come to his feeling of antagonism one of them denied, according to his

what you would call an attractive human and indifference. He told me that at own witness, the love of the gospel and

being. He was unkempt, unshaven; he age nineteen he had been ejected from the brotherhood of the Saints, the

reeked of alcohol and tobacco. a chapel by a bishop's counselor who warmth and strength and direction of

He walked over to the desk where I had been summoned because of the the programs of the Church.

sat, pointed his hand in the direction of boy's troublemaking in class. One Oh, I can understand a little more,

the temple, and said, "How do you get thing that had been said, this man rewhy the Lord said that one soul was in there?"I assumed that he was a membered for nearly sixty years. As precious to him.

tourist, one of the infrequent but occahe was thrown out, someone objected. I close with a statement Horace Mann

sional few who do not understand the The answer that came from the counmade. This is wellknown also, but

purpose and the reason of templegoing selor who had the task in hand was, worth the repetition. To a man who

and who have become affronted because "Ah, let him go, he is just one kid!"questioned Horace Mann's statement at

they are not taken into the temple, and He went, and he never came back, the dedication of a boy's home or school, perhaps had come to complain. nor was there ever any visiting, never that if all the work and energy and ef-

I told him as best I could, or began any outpouring or increase of the love fort and money put into this endeavor to, the story of the temple, but had prothat should follow reproof, according had been to save just one boy, it would ceeded only a little distance when he to the Lord. He moved to another area have been worth it, and had said to

interrupted. He waved me away and of the land, married, had a family; his Horace Mann, "You became too orasaid, "Oh, you don't have to tell me wife passed away and he married again, torical, didn't you? You didn't really

all that, I know that. I am a Mormon."his second wife died after bearing a fammean that, did you"—Horace Mann an-

"Well,"I said, "if you are a member ily also. He had come to Salt Lake swered, "Oh, yes, I meant it. It would

of the Church and you know all of City at the insistence of his third wife, have all been worth it, if the one were this, what is it you want from me?"He who, having been taught by the missionmy son."

said, "Frankly, nothing. There isn't aries and converted to the principles of Every son of God is important in his

anything you have to give me. I am the gospel, had brought him here hoping eyes. Every unbaptized child, unorhere because my wife insisted on my that somehow he might be touched—he, dained boy, young man who is not in

coming in, but I have fulfilled my erthe member. the right stage of his priesthood prorand,"and out he went. This, also, I would like to report: I gression, every boy and girl not attending

I tried to pick up the threads of the asked him how many living descendants seminary when they can and should, conversation and finish it, and later, as he had. He counted them and anevery boy and girl not being married in

I sat thinking about him and his story, swered, "Fiftyfour."I asked him then, the temple when they could—these are

I looked out the window and saw him how many of them are members of the vitally important in the eyes of God and walking by the Joseph and Hyrum Church, and I expect you know the should be, in our eyes.

[Smith] monuments with a younger answer, though perhaps not his interGod bless us to understand the infinite woman. I went out to talk with them. esting expression. He said, "Huh, ain't importance of the one, in God's eyes,

She identified herself as his wife. He any of them members of the Church. and to do all that we can to fulfil his

had been married three times; each They're a pretty hard lot."purposes for them, I pray in the name

previous wife had died after bearing a This last question: who was it the of Jesus Christ. Amen.

and to the young people today may I "But ye are a chosen generation, a individuals we are prone to pull away is of things priesthood, a nation, from say that there because in the royal holy peno obsolescence an do and him we his culiar in teachings. gospel.'teachings not forth people; that should ye of the say with As I understand shew harmony

the definition of obsolete it means somethe praises of him who hath called you May we have a desire reburnished in thing that is oldfashioned, that we have out of darkness into his marvellous our minds and our hearts as we leave outgrown, something that is ancient or light."(I Peter 2:9.) this conference, to be more dedicated in

antiquated and maybe, in the terms of It is wonderful to bask in the light the service of the Master, putting our modern language, "old stuff"or "for the of the gospel of Jesus Christ which own homes in order, having family birds."banishes fear, which banishes confusion prayer, our individual prayer, paying

The gospel of Jesus Christ is just as and frustrations, and, oh, the need for our tithes and offerings, keeping the vital and essential today as it was when remembering these things today. Word of Wisdom, and being chaste and

it was instituted in our preexistent esSo I pray that we will acknowledge benevolent. As I speak of putting our

tate. Jesus Christ is the Author of salvathe hand of God as we have listened to homes in order, I should like to suggest

tion. I know this as I know I am standing his mouthpiece and prophet in his keythat we take note of what comes into

here today. I have that witness. note address to this great conference, the hands of our youth, our own chilWe may be termed peculiar, but that admonishing us to teach the word. We dren. We must make sure they are

is nothing new. Whenever there has make no apology for teaching truth, we not having their minds poisoned by the

been a dispensation of the gospel of need make no compromise with the garbage, if you please, that is on many

Jesus Christ in the earth, the followers philosophies and teachings of men. The of the newsstands and available through

have been referred to as "a peculiar peoonly time we are on dangerous ground is other channels throughout the nation.

ple."Moses so declared. Peter and when we pull away from the teachings Time will not permit me to go into

Paul so declared. I would recall the of the Master, for I assure you the Masthis subject further, but I call to mind a

words of Peter: ter does not pull away from us. As headline which I read just recently as I

DECEMBER 1959 927 visited one of the stakes in the East and with over $500,000 worth of the filthy minister a couple of weeks ago as the it told of this sad story: stuff in their possession in one of their Premier from Russia visited in the

As the story was told, a man, an garages. I mention again, they were United States. He said he hoped that

employee of the city of New York for married men with children of their own, Mr. Khrushchev would come to his

some thirty years, a respected employee, deliberately poisoning the minds of church "... to see how we worship."

married, with grown children who were young people, taking advantage of living How are we worshiping? Are we the

married, had working with him a young in a land where our forefathers came to followers of Jesus Christ only on the man about twentyfive, also married. worship God according to the dictates of Sabbath day, or just when we are in

Unknown to their wives, they had been their own conscience, a land built upon priesthood meeting, or is it that worship in the dastardly business of producing freedom and liberty. which reflects good and his peace as

vile film, pornography, and were arrested I call to mind a statement made by a we go forth in our various travels, enidea as to who they were or whence they tenango. This she did. I had one of

PROPHECIES thecame.middleTheyof justthe suddenlycity and arrivedbegan into thecheckmissionaries,with them thefor supervisingthe purposeelder,of

story. of verifying her the people. Inpreach to group other These A large

street similar dians also accounts in the soon AND BLESSINGS Indians assembled of those gave

TO THE to listen to the instructions given by two tall, white strangers visiting QuezalLAMANITES theythese toldstrangers.us were Manypredictionsof theof thingswhat tenangoThis pastsomeJanuaryyears (1959)ago. I was again

would occur in the future. assigned to tour the Central American

Milton R. Hunter "The thing that impressed me most,"Mission in company with President and

of the First Council she said, "was the statements they made Sister Wagner. Sister Hunter accomof the Seventy regarding our ancestors once having panied me on this tour.

had the true gospel of Jesus Christ. Shortly after we arrived in GuateThey had lost it through wickedness and mala City, President Wagner told us

My dear brothers and sisters, I humbly apostasy, resulting in the gospel being about some very important events which ask an interest in your faith and prayers taken from the earth. They then said had occurred in the life of a certain

that the Spirit of God will direct what that God had caused the true gospel to Cakchiquel Maya man named Daniel

I may say. be restored to earth again, and that in Mich. This good Lamanite or Indian

The Book of Mormon prophets made the near future that gospel would be had joined the Church not long before numerous predictions regarding the Inbrought to our people. Those two mesour arrival in Guatemala. After bedians, or the Lamanites, promising many sengers said that we would be able to coming a member of the Church of

great blessings that would come to them recognize the true gospel of Jesus Christ Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and in the latter days. Some of the prophewhen it came, and the sign by which just prior to our arrival in the Central

cies regarding the Indians have been we would know it would be that young American Mission, Brother Mich came fulfilled; others are being fulfilled; and men, traveling two by two, would bring to Guatemala City and attended a

eventually all of the predictions of the it to us."Sacrament meeting. He bore his testiholy prophets will come to pass. A few years passed, and she had mony at this meeting and told the won-

I would like this afternoon to tell two grown to womanhood. Finally Morderful story of his experiences which I

marvelous experiences had by the Inmon missionaries came to Quezalteshall retell to you today. In describing

dians in Guatemala, Central America. nango. As she observed them, and Daniel Mich's telling of his experiences

These experiences were related to me listened to them preach, she recalled and bearing his testimony, President while I was visiting that country. the things that were predicted by the Wagner said:

I toured the Central American Mistwo messengers when she was a girl. "The tears rolled down Brother

sion in January 1956, in the company of She recalled that the bearers of the true Mich's cheeks. There was not a dry

President and Sister Edgar Wagner. We gospel were to be young men, traveling eye in the house. The Spirit of God

were on a train coming from Guatetwo by two, and these Mormon missionwas there in great abundance."

mala City to Quirigua, Guatemala. aries completely fitted the predictions. The following is Daniel Mich's

Riding in the same car with us was a Thereupon she invited them to her home story. He lived in Patzicia, Guatemala,

very lovely Indian woman, a Quiche and received the gospel from them. a small town not far from Lake Atitlan.

Maya from Quezaltenango, Guatemala. This Indian woman bore a very strong A few years ago an Indian rebellion

She was accompanied by her husband. and fervent testimony to me that she against the government officials, who

President Wagner introduced them to knew that these missionaries had were primarily of Spanish blood, took me, stating that the Indian woman was brought her the true gospel of Jesus place in Patzicia. The government offithe Relief Society president in QuezalChrist. She said: cials decided to put to death all the

tenango. I sat in the adjacent seat and "I know that God sent those two Indians who had participated in this

had a conversation with them. The strangers, his messengers, to Quezalrebellion and especially those who inwoman told me the following story; tenango to prepare the hearts and the stigated it.

"When I was a girl,"she said, "a minds of the Quiche Mayas in this part Daniel Mich had taken no part in marvelous thing happened in my home of the country to receive the gospel of the rebellion; however, the government

town. One day two strangers came to Jesus Christ. I and a number of others officials thought he was guilty. The

Quezaltenango. They were tall men of our people who saw those messengers Spirit of God whispered to him and

muchcountry—andtaller thantheirthe skinIndianwasmenwhiteof ourin Mormons."and listened to their predictions are now toldmountainshim andandhishidebrotherin a tocertainflee toplace.the

color. They were handsome men. Their I asked her to give me the names of If they did not, they would be killed.

clothing differed greatly from that worn other Lamanites who were present when They did as the Spirit instructed. As

by the Quiche Mayas. Nobody had any the two messengers visited Quezalthey arrived at the hiding place sug928 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

dcavors, and walks of life, truly being an ment of the Spirit, and we will be fitting and prophets of our Lord.

influence every day, every hour, every them to withstand the buffeting of I bear you my solemn witness that minute for good to our fellow men? Satan. President McKay holds the keys and

I pray that we as parents will seek to I bear you my witness and testimony authority, the keys of the kingdom, and know what our children are feeding that God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, that the mantle of authority is upon upon, and see that they feed upon the the Divine Son of our Heavenly Father, him. I am so thankful for that wittruths found in the Bible, the Book of that Joseph Smith was and is a Prophet ness, and I pray that I may be able to

Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, of God, and that those who have succontinue to bear this testimony as the the Pearl of Great Price, the four ceeded him as Presidents of this Church Lord permits. I pray his peace and

Standard Works of the Church. Then down to President David O. McKay toblessing upon us humbly, in the name

they will not suffer from malnourishday, have been and are mouthpieces of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

gested by the Spirit, they lay on a ledge Daniel Mich explained, "Finally I The governor emphatically instructed, and looked over the precipice. Below came to the summit, and there standing "Let those Mormon missionaries alone.

them they could see the government in front of me was a tall, handsome They have a right to teach their reofficials searching for them along the man, with beautiful white hair. He ligion in your town or in any other town

mountainside. had a very kindly and beautiful smile. or city in Guatemala, because we have

A number of Indians were captured This man said to me, 'Daniel, follow religious freedom in our country."

at this time and put to death. Daniel me.'I replied, 'I will follow you,'beAfter this favorable solution of the

Mich and his brother stayed in seclusion cause as I made that remark, the Spirit problem, the missionaries came out of for also to but finally they whispered were two years, of God captured. has Conditions the truth.'"me and said, That thedescribedmayor'stheoffice.crowd, Oncestatingagainthattheyit changed had man

during the two years to the extent that Shortly after having this dream or opened as the Red Sea opened for the the Mich brothers were not killed but vision, Daniel Mich and his brother Israelites. The elders passed between

were thrown into prison. For four long were released from jail. They returned those two long lines of Indians. As they

years they lay in prison, living under to their home town. Soon thereafter, arrived at the edge of the crowd, two

the most terrible conditions. Their and possibly about a year before I visited men approached them and said, "Will

clothing wore out. They had a scant Guatemala, missionaries came to Patyou come to our homes and talk to

amount of bedding. It was very cold, zicia, Brother Mich's home town. They us?"One of the men was Daniel Mich.

and the jail was unheated. The carehad not been working there long until The missionaries were happy to actakers of the prison gave them very one day the mayor sent for them to cept the invitation. They went to

little food; in fact, they practically come to his office. When the missionDaniel Mich's home and taught him

starved to death. And to make matters aries arrived, they saw a large crowd the gospel. He received all they taught

much worse, Daniel Mich received word of Indians, perhaps 200 or more, colwith much faith and sincerity. They

from his wife that she and the children lected in front of the mayor's office. As taught him only three or four lessons

were practically starved to death. Durthe missionaries approached, according when a very important event occurred.

ing the six years'time that he was in to the description given by the missionOne day while in the midst of one of hiding and in prison, they had not been aries, "The crowd of Indians opened as the lessons, one of the missionaries able to make a livelihood. the Red Sea opened for the Israelites to opened his book, and Daniel Mich saw a

In desperation, and, of course, in great go through. We walked between two photograph of a tall, handsome man,

grief, Daniel Mich kneeled down and columns of Indians and on into the with beautiful white hair.

prayed to God, pleading that the Etermayor's office."Brother Mich immediately and exnal Father would be merciful unto him The elders said to the mayor, "You citedly exclaimed, "This is the man! It

and let him die. He also prayed that sent for us?"is he whom I saw!"

the Lord would extend his mercy unto "Yes, I did,"was the reply. Of course the missionaries wondered

his wife and children, that they all "What do you want?"they asked. what he was talking about, and so they

might soon die. He pleaded with the The mayor answered, "I have here in questioned him. In response he told

Lord to release him and his family front of me a petition signed by two them the wonderful story which I have members from the misery and suffering hundred citizens of our community in just told you good people today.

that enduring.that they they were young which demand you men

is Daniel Mich asked, Then "Who let die. that did Inleave immediately not and you town But them God have in whose photograph you man religion refrain a vision, or teachingstead, Daniel your from any this a had Mich

book?"your

it in called. or go?"our Will community. more whatever you mightdream, be

He was going up the side of a steep "No, we will not go,"the missionaries "His name is David O. McKay,"the

mountain on a definitely defined trail. replied. "We will not leave this town missionaries replied. "He is the PresiLie came to a place where a side trail until our mission president tells us to dent of the Church of Jesus Christ of

forked off the main trail. A man stood leave."Latterday Saints. He is God's holy

on the side trail and said, "Follow me."The elders sat silently in the mayor's prophet, seer, and revelator upon the

Daniel Mich replied, "No, I cannot office for several minutes, and then one earth at the present time. He is the

follow you. I must follow this trail of them asked, "What do you intend man who holds the keys of the kingdom

straight ahead."to do?"of God and stands as Christ's repreHe went some distance farther, and The mayor replied, "I do not know."sentative in the true Church and the

another man stood on another side trail, Thereupon one of the missionaries leader in spreading the true gospel of

He also said, "Follow me."suggested that he telephone the governor, Jesus Christ."

And again Daniel Mich replied, "No, and perhaps the governor could instruct In deep sincerity Daniel Mich re-

I cannot follow you. I must go straight him. The mayor immediately picked up plied, "I know that all of the things

ahead."This experience repeated itself the telephone, called the governor, and you have told me are true. I know that

three or four times. explained the situation. you missionaries have the true gospel

DECEMBER 1959 329 of Jesus Christ."Then he asked, "Do that I could. When the citizens of was held at Chimaltenango, Guatemala,

you know why I invited you to come to Patzicia signed the petition to have you in the evening of January 30, 1959.

my home that day as you came out of thrown out of town and when you Missionary work was opened in this the mayor's office?"called to see the mayor, I joined the district only two years earlier. There

"Of course we do not know but would crowd in front of the mayor's office to are four towns in the district, having a certainly like to know,"they replied. see what would take place. And now,"Church membership of 141 people.

Then Daniel Mich explained, "At he said, "all the things that I believed There were 425 people in attendance the time that the tall, handsome man, have been verified. I know that David at the conference, practically all being

with beautiful white hair—whom you O. McKay is a prophet of God. I also Indians. Based on the Church populahave told me was President David O. know that you have the true religion of tion in the district, we had 300 percent

McKay—said to me, 'Daniel, follow Jesus Christ."attendance. Practically every Indian

me,'the Spirit of the Lord whispered These two important stories demonmother was carrying a baby wrapped in to me and said, 'This man has the strate the fact that the Lord is touching a shawl and tied to her body. Most

truth.'The Spirit also said, 'Two young the hearts of the Lamanites, and they of the people were barefoot; they were

men will bring you the truth'; and when are receiving the gospel. He is opening humble, Godfearing, faithful people,

you came into our town recently and the way for the fulfilment of the prompoor in economic goods, but rich in began to teach your religion, I became ises made to the Lamanites or Indians spirituality and their love for the Lord.

curious. I had been watching you and by the Book of Mormon prophets. Brother Daniel Mich from Patzicia

attempting to find out all about you The last meeting of our mission tour was present. We called on this humble

that he would be with his servants until the mission field—a wonderful young the end of the world. And I know that man—and he said, "Brother Richards,

the Spirit of the Lord is in this great couldn't I stay another six months?"

missionary movement. I said, "No, you had better go home.

MISSIONARY theIt testimonieswas our privilegeof over fiveto visithundredand mishear Youback haveof youyourandmilitaryyour schooling,work to andget sionaries, and each one I interviewed then you ought to get married, and WORK personally; and if you parents could then you can raise your boys as your

have heard the testimonies of those misfather did and send them back on missionaries, you would have been proud, sions, and they will do the rest of your

LeGrand Richards and you would have felt compensated missionary work for you."

of the Council of for the sacrifices you are making to keep It was a wonderful thing to be with the Twelve them in the mission field. Many of those missionaries and feel their spirit,

them bore testimony of their gratitude and I thank the Lord for the experiences to their parents for the privilege of that have been mine. They say the

being in the mission field. Some told of proof of the pudding is in the eating

I rejoice with you, my brothers and the financial struggles their parents had of it, and I have had the privilege of sisters, in the privilege of attending this had. One boy said that his father was filling four missions and presiding over

wonderful conference and listening to out of work when he was called to go, two, and touring many of the missions, the testimonies of the servants of the but he would not stand in the way of and I would not want to raise a boy

Lord, including the great witness borne that son of his being an ambassador of in this day and generation and not have to us this morning by President McKay. eternal truth, and many of them testihim go on a mission for his good and,

I thank the Lord for my testimony that fied that their parents had prospered because I think we owe so much to the

I know this work is true, and I know the financially as never before while their world, to share with them the wonderful power of God is in it; that this Church sons were in the mission field. truths of the gospel.

is built upon the foundation of apostles Another thing that thrilled me in If you parents could have seen the and prophets, and that Christ our Lord their testimonies: Many of them testiglow in their faces when the missionis truly the head of his Church today, fied that their parents and the members aries would bring their investigators up

as he has always been. of their families had become more into shake our hands, you would not figure

I have just had the privilege, with my terested and active in the Church while that there was anything in this world wife, by appointment of President their sons were in the mission field, so that could compensate and take the

McKay, of touring five of the missions that this great missionary program in a place of the experiences that were theirs.

of Europe—the Danish, the Swedish, way is like a twoedged sword. It does The missionaries fast for their investithe Norwegian, the Finnish, and the a marvelous work in the mission field, gators. Two of the missionaries fasted

Netherlands Missions—and Sister Richand it does a marvelous work here at all day that their investigator would not

ards and I appreciate that opportunity home. disappoint them when they had a bapvery, very much. I love missionary One missionary whom I interviewed tismal service arranged for her that

work. I love the spirit of missionary in Denmark said, "I almost worship night up in Trondheim, in the northern

work. I know the Spirit of the Lord is President Petersen, my mission presipart of Norway. We went out to the

in the missionary work. dent. It was he who brought the gospel bank of a fjord after ten o'clock at night,

When Jesus was resurrected and sent to my father in this land, and there are the sun still shining, and what a marvelhis disciples into all the world to preach now fiftyseven of us in the Church by ous sight to see the missionaries and the gospel to every creature, he said, virtue of that one conversion."the sister dressed in white! The mission-

"And, lo, I am with you alway, even Another young man who was a counary led her out into the waters of unto the end of the world,"(Matthew selor in the mission presidency in that baptism, and when she came back, my 28:20), indicating that when his kingmission was the seventh son of a conwife said, through the interpreter, "Was

dom should be set up in the latter days vert from that mission to go back into it cold?"She said, "It's deilig."That

930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Indian to talk. When I listened to his is one of the greatest prophets that has do, because I know that he will not

testimony for thirty to forty minutes and been upon the earth. I bear witness that tell me to do anything that will be to

felt the spiritual influence of God which the true gospel of our Master was remy detriment or to the detriment of the emanated from him, I could understand stored upon the earth through him. people with whom I work.

why the Lord loved this humhle intelliAlso, I testify that each of the presidents I also humbly plead with all Lattergent, and spiritualminded Lamanite of the Church from Joseph's time to the day Saints that we will have the same enough to give him the marvelous expepresent has held the keys of the kingspirit and testimony that this humble riences of which I have told you. I dom. Each one, up to and including Indian had. May all of us follow at all

shall always remember our conference President David O. McKay, was divinely times the leadership of President David

at Chimaltenango and the beautiful selected to be the President of the O. McKay and do all that he asks us

testimony given by Brother Daniel Mich Church, each being a prophet, a seer, to do. We accept him as God's holy

from Patzicia, one of the towns in the and a revelator. prophet. If we will follow his leaderChimaltenango district. I am convinced I feel as Daniel Mich explained, I ship in all things, we will work out our

that God loves the Lamanite people. am willing to follow President David O. eternal exaltation. May this be our

Now, brothers and sisters, I want to McKay at all times and to do anything happy lot, and may our Eternal Father bear my testimony. I know that God that he asks me to do. I pray to God bless us with sufficient faith and strength

lives as I know that I am alive. I that I will have the strength, the faith, of character to keep all of his commandknow that Jesus is the Christ, the Savior and the understanding that I might ments always, I humbly pray, in Jesus'

of the world. I know that Joseph Smith follow all the things that he tells me to name. Amen.

means, it's beautiful. I do not know temples have literally changed the attiVerily, verily, I say unto thee, Except

whether any of you Scandinavians will tude of the Saints in many respects. a man be born again, he cannot see

recognize that or not, but that was her I was visiting with one young man the kingdom of God."

way of saying it was wonderful. and his wife who had three children. And Nicodemus, you will remember,

It was wonderful. It was a wonderful They had just returned from the temple could not understand that, so he said,

thing to witness that baptism. We stood in Switzerland, and she said this: "How can a man be born when he

there watching it, and many of the "Brother Richards, we have been memis old? can he enter the second time

tourists or the vacationers were watching bers of the Church for only six years, into his mother's womb, and be born?"

it and a little sailboat that sailed up and we figure we are only six years old. And Jesus said:

the fjord because this was out in the We did not know how to live, and "... Except a man be born of water

open. We have no baptismal fonts what to live for, until we found the and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into

there yet. However, they are building Church."the kingdom of God."

a beautiful new chapel and had the When you stop to think in those And Nicodemus could not understand foundation in when we were there. As lands, according to reports, there are and Jesus said, |

I looked and watched that beautiful only about five percent (I think it was "Art thou a master of Israel, and sight, I thought of the account in the three, but to be safe I will say five perknowest not these things?

Bible where John led the Redeemer of cent) of the people of those lands who "Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We the world down into the waters of attend church at all of any kind, and speak that we do know and testify that baptism. He did not take a little water then you know how little there can be we have seen; and ye receive not our

and sprinkle upon the head of the in their lives really to live for. Somewitness.

Savior. He led him down into the water, times I thought as we went through "If I have told you earthly things, and

and we read that when he was baptized those missions that about all they live ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if they came up out of the water, and I for was their vacation, because they are I tell you of heavenly things?"(John

wondered how Christians could satisfy great people to have a vacation every 3:2-5, 1012.)

themselves having a little water summer. I will not take time to go And I have always thought that the

sprinkled upon their heads instead of into detail about that. But they did heavenly things that Jesus spoke of were

really being baptized as the Redeemer not seem to be looking to eternal life or these wonderful blessings that we reof the world was baptized, especially eternal exaltation or eternal companceive in the temples of the Lord, and when they read so many predictions of ionship with those whom they love. I thank the Lord that temples are reachthe prophets and apostles that the day They did not know anything about ing out to our people in these faroff

would come when men would "transthings like that. The newspapers even lands.

gress the laws and change the ordiwrite articles discussing the fact that In 1906 I heard President Joseph F.

nances."there is no God. Smith make this statement in Rotter-

I visited with quite a number of I was told that many of the ministers dam, Holland: "The day will come

people who had been to the temple. will openly admit to their members that when temples of the Lord will dot this

They had just had a tour from each they do not know whether there is a whole land of Europe,"and I have lived of those Scandinavian missions and God or not. So, you see, they need long enough to see two of them there,

from up in Finland to the temple. the missionaries. They need this wonand I tell you it is changing the feeling

About one hundred went in each group. derful message that we have. of our people toward the Church to

And I want to pay tribute here to you Speaking of the temples, I remind you know that these glorious blessings are members of these foreignspeaking of when Nicodemus came to Jesus by coming within their reach.

groups. I have something to do with night and said: As we went to leave the London Temyour work. But you have sent money "Rabbi, we know that thou art a ple to come home, one good brother,

to these mission presidents to help some teacher come from God: for no man who must have been in his sixties, said,

of these underprivileged members to go can do these miracles that thou doest, "Brother Richards, why couldn't I have to the temple. You should see the joy except God be with him. known this thirty years ago? Why

that it brings into their lives! Those "Jesus answered and said unto him, couldn't I have had the joy all these

DECEMBER 1959 931 years of helping to build the kingdom?'* because of your calling and the Spirit the little woman, a mother of about

That is the spirit of this work. There of the Lord that you take with you and eight children, looked up into my eyes,

is not much time left, but I would just the priesthood that you bear."and the tears rolled down her cheeks,

like to reminisce a moment. When I I didn't understand too much what clear dowrn the front of her dress, and

went on my first mission as a young that meant as a boy, but after I filled she said, "Brother Richards, it was hard man of nineteen, we were instructed my first mission there in Holland, I to see my daughter leave for Zion a by President Anthon H. Lund before wept more tears a hundred times over few weeks ago, but it is a lot harder to

we left for our missions. Among other as I took the train from Amsterdam to see you go,"and then I knew what

things he said, "Brethren, the people Rotterdam than I shed when I said Brother Lund meant when he said, will love you. Now don't get lifted farewell to my loved ones to go to that "They will love you. They will love

up in the pride of your hearts and think land. you because of the message that you

that they love you because you are better I went into one home where I had bring to them."

than other people. They will love you the privilege of bringing the gospel, and Then I went to say goodbye to a

Saturday Morning Session, it in the New Testament: "And as Moses to be divided; thus the whole becoming

October 10, 1959 lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, spiritual and immortal, that they can even so must the Son of man be lifted no more see corruption."(Alma 11:45.)

up: This is immortality. It comes to every

believer or or nonbad, soul, good in believeth whosoever him.. That

It estabalready believer. life."been has eternal not perish, ETERNAL LIFEshould". but have

ETERNAL (Ibid., 3:1415.) This is understood as lished for all the souls of man who ever

MARRIAGE salvationChrist. through the gospel of Jesus havefuture. lived or who will live in the

life? is eternal In atthis great subject, George Q. Morris 29thFirst,sectionwhatof istheimmortality?Doctrine and InCovethe temptingNow whatto discuss

of the Council of nants the Lord said: "And thus did I, and the time so short, I thought I might

the Twelve the Lord God, appoint unto man the bring to you the words of the Lord himdays of his probation—that by his self upon this subject so that you may

My dear brethren and sisters, I am natural death he might be raised in ponder them as you may have opporwholly dependent upon the blessings of immortality"—death is the door to imtunity. The Lord defines eternal lifethe Lord, and pray that his Holy Spirit mortality—and then the Lord convery clearly in the 88th section of the

may direct me to say that which he tinues, "unto eternal life, even as many Doctrine and Covenants, fourth verse.

would have me say. as would believe; "This Comforter is the promise which

Yesterday we heard something about "And they that believe not unto I give unto you of eternal life, even the youth marriages, ninety percent of which eternal damnation...."(D&C 29:43glory of the celestial kingdom"; Then

end in divorce. [See Elder Mark E. 44.) to make plain that eternal life is the

Petersen's address.] A very deplorable So through the atonement of Jesus fulness of the celestial glory, he explains

condition was reported as prevailing in Christ immortality comes, and has further, "Which glory is that of the some places among some people. I come to every human soul, and will church of the Firstborn, even of God,

should like, if the Lord will bless me always come. The Lord also says in the holiest of all, through Jesus Christ

to that end, to say something about a the 29th section that the trump should his Son—"(D8fC 88:4-5.)

form of marriage that our people, young sound for the resurrection, "... and I refer you to section 76:5370 of the

and old, may enter into, one that our then shall all the dead awake, for their Doctrine and Covenants, which explains people should look forward to and be graves shall be opened, and they shall in more detail the fulness of the glory celestial (Ibid., the kingdom, which of the even all."thatprepared persuaded for, and I am come forth—yea,

life, is eternal he says which the Lord 29:26.) with This is in agreement are so prepared, notbecause many

there is a lack of proper understanding teachings in the New Testament which further confirms when he said, "... if

among parents and children and a lack declare: you keep my commandments and enof proper appreciation of the great im- "Marvel not at this: for the hour is dure to the end you shall have eternal

portance of this marriage that involves coming, in the which all that are in life, which gift is the greatest of all the the salvation and eternal life of our the graves shall hear his voice, gifts of God."(Ibid., 14:7.) This then

people. "And shall come forth; they that have is eternal life.

We speak of salvation, and I am done good, unto the resurrection of life; And how shall we obtain eternal life?

wondering if we know what it means. and they that have done evil, unto the Well, only through the gospel of Jesus

The Lord made this wonderful declararesurrection of damnation."(John 5:28Christ. There is no other way, and

tion among the glorious things that he 29.) as President Smith emphasized yester-*

has told us: "For behold, this is my So they shall all come forth from the day, the salvation that we are talking

work and my glory—to bring to pass the grave. What then? The Prophet about as servants of God and the people

immortality and eternal life of man."Amulek says: "Now, behold, I have of God with this dispensation of the

(Moses 1:39.) spoken unto you concerning the death gospel given to us for the world, is

What is eternal life? What is imof the mortal body, and also concerning exaltation, a fulness of God's gift, eternal

mortality? What is exaltation and salthe resurrection of the mortal body. I life.

vation? The Lord says: "And this is say unto you that this mortal body is Now, the Lord revealed the glorious

life eternal, that they might know thee raised to an immortal body, that is from principles of the gospel in the Book of the only true God, and Jesus Christ, death, even from the first death unto Mormon as restored through the Prophet whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) life, that they can die no more; their Joseph, and for fourteen years the Lord

The Lord Jesus Christ said, as we have spirits uniting with their bodies, never revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith

932 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA man who was in the government servdid not know how to live until they us to be worthy of our heritage and to ice. He stood erect in uniform. He was had found the Church, and then just give freely, and I do want to commend

old enough to be my father. He got think of the revelation to them of the others who have sent money into those

down on his knees, took my hand in his, marvelous truths of the gospel, eternal missions to help the local young people and hugged it and kissed it and bathed duration of the marriage covenant to fill missions, for they are doing a it with his tears, and then I understood they will have their children in the great work. And if any of the rest of

what Brother Lund meant when he eternal world—and that they can be you are financially able and you would

said, "They will love you."exalted in the presence of God, the like to lay up a few more treasures in

I tell you, brothers and sisters, we Eternal Father, and his Son, Jesus heaven, I invite you to do the same.

should be grateful for this great misChrist! Compare that to what they I leave you my blessings and pray

sionary system that is bringing so much have in a nation where the people have God to be with you all, and bear witjoy, happiness, and peace into the lives almost deserted their faith in God. ness of his truth in the name of the Lord,

of our people. That little family who I pray God to bless us all and help Jesus Christ. Amen.

principles of life and salvation. One "Therefore, if a man marry him a and Covenants, verses 1921, the Lord

of these revelations is the 132nd section wife in the world, and he marry her not explains the covenant and blessings of of the Doctrine and Covenants, regardby me nor by my word, and he covecelestial marriage as follows:

ing the "new and everlasting covenant nant with her so long as he is in the "And again, verily I say unto you, if of marriage,"which is very specific in world and she with him, their cove- a man marry a wife by my word, which its character, and the Lord, in mentionnant and marriage are not of force when is my law, and by the new and evering it and introducing the subject to they are dead, and when they are out lasting covenant, and it is sealed unto the Prophet, makes these very striking of the world; therefore, they are not them by the Holy Spirit of promise, by

and significant statements: bound by any law when they are out of him who is anointed, unto whom I have

"For behold, I reveal unto you a new the world."(Ibid., 1315.) appointed this power and the keys of

and an everlasting covenant; and if ye Then note what follows: "Therefore, this priesthood; and it shall be said

abide not that covenant, then are ye when they are out of the world they unto them—Ye shall come forth in the

damned; for no one can reject this neither marry nor are given in marfirst resurrection; and if it be after

covenant and be permitted to enter into riage; but are appointed angels in heavthe first resurrection, in the next

my glory."(Ibid., 132:4.) en, which angels are ministering resurrection; and shall inherit thrones,

Remember that statement—the coveservants, to minister for those who are kingdoms, principalities, and powers,

nant of celestial or heavenly marriage, worthy of a far more, and an exceeding, dominions, all heights and depths if rejected by us, shuts us out of his and an eternal weight of glory."(Ibid., then shall it be written in the Lamb's

glory. 16.) Book of Life, that he shall commit no

"For all who will have a blessing The status has changed. The Lord murder whereby to shed innocent blood,

at my hands shall abide the law which continues, "For these angels did not and if ye abide in my covenant, and was appointed for that blessing, and the abide my law; therefore, they cannot be commit no murder whereby to shed

conditions thereof, as were instituted enlarged, but remain separately and innocent blood, it shall be done unto from before the foundation of the world. singly, without exaltation, in their them in all things whatsoever my

"And as pertaining to the new and saved condition, to all eternity; and from servant hath put upon them, in time,

everlasting covenant, it was instituted henceforth are not gods, but are angels and through all eternity; and shall be

for the fulness of my glory; and he that of God forever and ever."(Ibid., 17.) of full force when they are out of the

receiveth a fulness thereof must and They may be saved in the celestial world; and they shall pass by the anshall abide the law, or he shall be kingdom, but they cannot be enlarged, gels, and the gods, which are set there,

damned,..."(Ibid., 5-6.) and forever and ever they remain a perto their exaltation and glory in all

Now that is as explicit and plain son of a lower degree—a lower order of things, as hath been sealed upon their

as anything could be, and the fulness being, stripped of the greatest power, heads, which glory shall be a fulness of God's glory is eternal life, the greatthat of eternal increase. and a continuation of the seeds forever

est gift that God can give and that is "For strait is the gate,"the Lord conand ever.

involved in this principle of marriage, tinues, "and narrow the way that lead- "Then shall they be gods, because as instituted of God by the authority eth unto the. exaltation and continuation they have no end; therefore shall they

of God, and in being true to the coveof the lives, and few there be that find be from everlasting to everlasting, benants of that marriage. it, because ye receive me not in the cause they continue; then shall they be

Then the Lord, to explain the princiworld neither do ye know me.... above all, because all things are subject

shall gods, they unto them. be refers Then ordinary clearly, to theple more

is gate, the the wide and "Broad all they the have because power, and everything says:marriage. "And He deaths; the to that leadeth and are subject it angels unto them. world, be way is in whether thethat thereat, in that are there bego many I verily, "Verily, say except you, unto or princithrones, of byordained men, not, neither receive cause they me to attain abide cannot ye law do ye of or thingspalities, name, or powers, my

(Ibid., in 22, 25.) law."abide they my this glory."are not be, that by theywhatsoever may

life eternal that see Therefore we I teachers, that believe our our shall saith Lord, the or Now word, by myme it is his glory says and which God leaders, parents be taught our must and not shall remain and down, thrownbe is gained to bring to by honor mankind principles. these teach must They after and in nor neither dead, areafter men

the resurrection, saith the Lord your obedience to the law of eternal marriage, are as clear as words can make them, as

God. which is instituted before the foundathe Lord has explained them. I can-

"For whatsoever things remain are by tions of the world, to bring about the not help feeling that many are not me; and whatsoever things are not by fulness of exaltation. being properly married because they

me shall be shaken and destroyed. In the 132nd section of the Doctrine are not properly taught. It is not

DECEMBER 1959 933 enough to urge temple marriage. They there are three heavens or degrees; "He may enter into the other, but

must know what temple marriage "And in order to obtain the highest, that is the end of his kingdom; he canmeans. It is a matter of eternal life a man must enter into this order of the not have an increase."(Ibid., 131:1-4.)

and exaltation in the presence of God priesthood [meaning the new and everMay the Lord help us to awaken our forever and forever. lasting covenant of marriage]; youth and the'parents, and all of us,

I close with a statement of the Prophet "And if he does not, he cannot obtain to the need to know what this marriage

Joseph Smith: "In the celestial glory it. is, to live worthy of it, to be prepared

ON READING overwhelmingcate the great compellingobligation, thatnecessity,rests upthe know"If anyof themandoctrine,will do whetherhis will, heit beshallof

I speak of myself."THE STANDARD on us as members of this great latterday God, or whether

WORKS kingdom,the law oftothecomeLord,to toa knowknowledgethe docof (JohnWe 7:1617.)believe that all members of this

Bruce R. McConkie trinesprinciples,of therequirements,gospel, to understandand ordinancesthe Churchconverted,shouldso muchbe fullyso andthatcompletelythey are

of the First Council which we must comply with in order changed from a natural and fallen state of the Seventy to be heirs of salvation in the Lord's into saints of God, changed into a state kingdom. where they have in their hearts desires

We believe and advocate that every for righteousness. By following such a

May I take as a text these words which member of this Church should have a course they are born again; they are rewere dictated by the Holy Ghost to an testimony of the divinity of the work; newed of the Spirit; they are in line for

inspired man in ancient Israel: that he should know for himself, indeeternal salvation. But no one can attain

"The law of the Lord is perfect, conpendent of any other person, that Jesus unto such a state until he knows the verting the soul: the testimony of the Christ is the Son of God, and that salvalaws that govern the process of being

Lord is sure, making wise the simple. tion is in him; that Joseph Smith is the converted.

statutes of the are right, instrument through agent Lord "The and whom this join that after we We believerejoicing heart: of the the salvation the has knowledge come commandment is it to press us upon incumbent Church

isof pure, in the Lord the that again enlightening the day; our mantle and devotion, in in steadfastness and forward

eyes. rests of President the Prophet upon

at this time. O. "The fear of the Lord is clean, endurDavid McKay By first forthliving fromby everythe mouthword ofthatGod,proceedethdesiring

ing for ever: the judgments of the Lord gaining a testimony and then by being righteousness, seeking his Spirit, loving

are true and righteous altogether. valiant in testimony, we can be heirs him with all our hearts, mights, minds,

to are of desired be salvation. "More they than gold, strength; yet do any and and we cannot

yea, fine than gold: of also sweeter can a testimony But no have much man first learn the until things of these we

this tothan the until honey begins and get a knowlhe honeycomb. work

"Moreover by them is thy servant edge of the gospel. A testimony is based laws which govern them. In the full

warned: and in keeping of them there is on knowledge; first a man must learn gospel sense, there is no such thing as

great reward."(Psalm 19:7-11.) about God and his laws, and then by living a law of which we are ignorant.

Now if I may be enlightened by the obedience to these laws he will gain a We cannot worship a God of whom we same Spirit that rested upon him who testimony. Jesus said, "... My doctrine know nothing, as far as gaining eternal

wrote these words, I would like to indiis not mine, but his that sent me. life through that worship is concerned.

I should also like to express my gratiinsect, very light in color, that does all

MY FRIEND tudeW. Hunterin the toselectionbecome ofa memberElder Howardof the itsfromworkthe earthin thewheredark. it getsIf it itshasmoisture,to get

it finds the timbers itself a little AND I prayCouncilthatofthetheLordTwelvewill andmagnifysincerelyand toin thewhichareait inworks,whichit builds sustain him in this high and holy channel so that it cannot be seen as it

Carl W. Buehner calling.I must confess to you that in making goesthis backcountryand hundredsforth. It costsof millionscitizens ofof

of the Presiding Bishopric preparations for these few precious modollars annually to replace the damage ments, I conferred with a very choice done to the wood in buildings by these friend of mine. He has given me a little destroyers. The exterior of a

My dear brethren and sisters, with number of suggestions. He said, "Warn structure can look beautiful and sound,

you I have enjoyed every moment of the young people how the evil one, but because the strength of its timbers this great conference. I have had a through his power, would like to destroy has been eaten away by termites, and

lump in my throat a number of times as all that is good in them, defame their only an outer shell is left standing, it

I have felt the power and Spirit that character, undermine their physical can become very dangerous and of little has been present in these sessions. I body, and poison their mind even as the value. "So also can evil influences unam very grateful to you for your sustainlowly termite can destroy a building."dermine us and darken our vision to

ing vote which permits me to be with Do you know what a termite is? A the wonderful blessings ahead,"my

my brethren for six more months. termite is an ugly, little antlike looking friend said.

934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for it, for our youth to enter into it God is the principal party, and the May God give us the power to make when they are mature enough, and union is consummated by his power and clear to all these glorious revelations, trained enough, and for all who have his authority, and his promises are atnow available to the world, because been married for time only to prepare tached to that union. If, in it, we are the gospel has been restored in its

themselves for this glorious covenant faithful and true to the gospel of Jesus fulness, and for the full salvation of the because in this marriage that God has Christ, we shall be exalted in his preshuman soul.

instituted there are three parties to it. ence and dwell with him forever. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

And so I think we have the obligation, Israel, would be required to do; and sistently, read three chapters in one or

the great underlying responsibility, to after having so done, he said this: the other of these works; and if we

learn the doctrines of the Church so "And these words, which I command pursued such a course, we would read that we will be able to serve in the thee this day, shall be in thine heart: all of the Gospels in less than a month.

kingdom, so that we will be able to carry "And thou shalt teach them diligently We would read the entire New Testathe message of salvation to our Father's unto thy children, and shalt talk of ment in three months. We would read

other children, and so that we will be them when thou sittest in thine house, the Old Testament in ten months, and able to live in such a manner as to have and when thou walkest by the way, and the whole Bible in thirteen months. We

oeace and joy ourselves, and gain this when thou liest down, and when thou would go through the Book of Mormon iope of glorious exaltation and eternal risest up. in two and twothirds months, the Docife of which Brother George Q. Morris "And thou shalt bind them for a sign trine and Covenants in a month and a

las been speaking. upon thine hand, and they shall be as half, and the Pearl of Great Price in

We have been commanded to do this frontlets between thine eyes. five days. Taken altogether, we would

very thing. We say, for instance, that "And thou shalt write them upon the read all the standard works in less than

no man can be saved in ignorance, and posts of thy house, and on thy gates."eighteen months and be ready to start

we mean in ignorance of Jesus Christ (Deut. 6:6-9.) over again.

and the saving truths of the gospel. We In other words, Moses was commandWell, it does not seem to me that the

say that men are saved no faster than ing that Israel should center their Lord is viewing us any differently from they gain knowledge, and we mean souls and hearts upon studying and the way he viewed ancient Israel. Our

knowledge of God and the principles knowing and learning the laws of the whole hearts and souls and our conand doctrines which he has revealed. Lord so that they would be in the positinual meditation should be centered on

We say that the glory of God is intellition and have the ability to live them, the gospel and the things of the Lord, gence, and we mean that his glory is and thus gain salvation and perform so that we can work out our salvation light and truth—including the revealed fully the mission appointed to that and fulfil our missions. By regular,

light of heaven and the truths of salvachosen people. systematic study of the standard works

tion. Now in our day we have the standard we can go a long way toward keeping

When Moses was finishing his minworks of the Church. We have the in a course that will please the Lord

istry in ancient Israel, after he had led Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and further our own eternal progression.

that people through all their travails and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great In this way we can gain for ourselves in the wilderness, he, being moved upon Price. There are in these four books a peace and satisfaction and happiness in

by the Spirit, took occasion to summarize total of 1579 chapters. I think it would this life and have a hope of eternal life

the laws, the statutes, the judgments, not be too much to say that we could in the world to come.

the ordinances, the things that they, with propriety, day in and day out, conIn the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

My friend also gave me this idea: He work in this great cause,"said my million visits each year to the homes

said, "How about the message in the friend. of the members of the Church. The

song that says, I asked him for one more idea. I had good that is being accomplished by

to admit that he did have wonderful them and the blessings they are bringing "'The world has need of willing men, suggestions. He said, "What this into these homes cannot be measured.

Who wear the worker's seal. world needs is people who go about I learned recently that one of these

Come, help the good work move along. doing good."One of the greatest comward teachers had served in excess of

Put your shoulder to the wheel.'pliments paid to the Savior was given eightytwo years. It is said that in those

by his great disciple, Peter, when among eightytwo years, he missed visiting his

I thought of thousands of our organizaother things, he said, and he "... went district only four or five times. I heard

tions in all parts of the world, officered about doing good...."(Acts 10:38.) one of the bishops who presided over

with those willing and able to keep the Then my friend reminded me that in this ward pay a tremendous tribute to good work moving along. A tremenmy travels I had surely observed inthis man. He indicated that if there

dous effort to further our Father's stances and had experiences that illuswas ever a man alive who went about business is in progress, and for each of trate this very thing. Said he, "Why his ward doing good, it was this man. I

us to put our shoulder to the wheel not tell the people some of these things?"have learned of some who served for

would not only increase this effort but In my mind's eye, I immediately saw over seventy years, and many who have also bring in return, happiness, and an army of 140,000 men and boys, visitgiven sixty years of service as ward blessings that could be secured from no ing among the wards as ward teachers, teachers. I cannot help feeling that they

other source. "Urge everyone to go to making in excess of three and onehalf certainly have been a power and influDECEMBER 1959 935

cnce for good among the people of the child who came from a home where mother remarked.

Church. the parents were inactive. The child An appreciative wife whose husband

Only a few days ago in a stake quarfaithfully attended Primary and apparwas a very inactive man in the terly conference I heard a young man, ently listened carefully to each lesson. Church related the following experience:

who, with his parents, had been living One night as the family gathered around "Through the personal missionary proin the mission field, say that he had the dinner table and were ready to pargram of the priesthood quorum, a fine, the responsibility of visiting three famitake of the meal, the little girl suddenly active man was assigned to contact my lies each month. He, together with his said, "I can't eat tonight."After carehusband to see if he could bring him

companion, in order to make these visits ful questioning by the parents, the back into activity in the Church. This

was required to travel 160 miles in one little girl finally said, "Mother, I have man faithfully telephoned our home direction from the place they lived to learned in Primary that we should not every Saturday night, telling my husvisit two of these families and had to go eat the food that is placed before us until band that he would call again in the 130 miles in the opposite direction to we thank our Heavenly Father for it."morning in the hope that he would be

visit the other family, but they did the The father and mother looked at each ready to go to priesthood meeting with visiting every month. other, wondering what to do, and the him. 'It would be a pleasure to let me

I learned of the dedication of some little girl, observing the anxiety in their come and take you to meeting with me.

others. While visiting a stake in the eyes, said, "If you are wondering who You just don't know what you are missNorthwest, I learned that there are comcan do this, I can."The little girl asked ing,'he said. Each time for twenty

munities which become isolated from the blessing on the food; her appetite weeks, my husband found an excuse, not

the rest of the world during the winter returned; and everything seemed all only on Saturday evening but on Sunmonths. Here some of our members right until the same situation occurred day morning; but on the twentyfirst

reside. Ward teachers who have the the following evening. The little girl Sunday morning, my husband came out

responsibility of visiting these families just could not eat her dinner, and the of his bedroom all dressed up. Excitedly,

have been so eager to make contact with mother, remembering the experience of I said to him, 'My heavens, where are them that they have traveled by horsethe night before, said to her, "You asked you going this morning?'He remarked

back, jeep, and even used a tractor to the blessing last night, ask it again that in a few moments he would be make the visit to be sure that all was tonight."The little girl said, "Mother, getting a telephone call. 'I have had

well and to learn whether or not they I can't do it. I learned in Primary that them for twenty weeks, you know, and I

could be of any assistance. Then I there are some things the Lord does not will receive one again in a few moments.

realize that the same thing exists with want us to take into our bodies, and When I tell this man that I am all the great Relief Society visiting teachers'some of these things are on this table."dressed and ready to go to priesthood

program. They, too, go into the homes When the cups of coffee and the coffee meeting with him, it could be such a

of members every month with probably pot had been removed and disposed of, shock to him that he may not be able 140,000 teachers. This makes 280,000 the little girl asked the blessing on the to come and get me.'""Well,"said his

teachers visiting among our families, and food, and the family resumed eating. wife, "you don't miss the blessings of

this cannot help being a powerful in- "You will never know the change that the priesthood in the home until you fluence for good. came over our home through the teachrealize what has been denied you. My

I heard a story about a little Primary ing of our little Primary child,"the husband will never get over thanking

to hear the vigor and the strength dem- a Christmas program. On that program

THE SERMON sermononstratedto byus. PresidentThe LordClarkhas blessedin his aappearedselectiona Jewishon themusician.cello. It Hewasplayedvery

tried officer join presiding to get with sure you The me in good. I am

recovery, for selection, his play gratitude ON THE MOUNT him,expressingand another but him to he that his leadership may continue refused. He said, however, "I will sing

amongst us. a solo, if that will be acceptable."He

Alma Sonne Yesterday, I was thrilled and greatly stepped forward, and he sang the song

Assistant to the Council uplifted by that masterful sermon dewe all love, "The Lord's Prayer,"after of the Twelve livered by President McKay on the which he took his seat in the audience.

character, the teachings, and the life of When the meeting was over, he

Jesus Christ, the Lord. I was also walked up to me and said, and these

My brethren and sisters, the good and pleased with his references to the Serare his words, "You will have to get fervent prayer offered at the beginning mon on the Mount delivered by the something more practical than the of this session by President Lewis has Savior before a small group of people Sermon on the Mount if you expect to been answered in blessings upon our gathered on the mountainside. That convert the Jews."

heads. I hope the good Spirit will consermon has lived for centuries. It has I said to him, "Have you ever read

tinue with us throughout this service. survived the Dark Ages. It has survived the Sermon on the Mount?"

I am very happy, and I was delighted the Renaissance. It has survived modHe said, "I must have read it."

to hear that President Hunter had been ern speculations and the conflicts and "I hope you have,"I suggested, "before called to fill the vacancy in the Quorum the contention among nations. you criticize it."And then I said to

of the Twelve. President Hunter has That sermon will live forever. There him, "You sang a wonderful song tobeen for many years a leader in Zion. is nothing more fundamental in God's night, 'The Lord's Prayer.'Did it ever

He has been proved, and I say that a word than the sermon which the Savior occur to you that that prayer was a part

Church is very fortunate indeed that can gave and which is called the Sermon on of the Sermon on the Mount?"He did

call upon men of his caliber to serve the Mount. not seem to realize it.

freely and pleasantly in the great posi- A few years ago I attended a Sacra- "Now,"I said, "Will you tell me one tion which he now occupies. ment meeting in the South London single teaching in that sermon which is

I was also very happy this morning Branch in London. The occasion was not practical. Name one thing in it

936 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this man for calling him persistently to speak about these, but let me tell you shingled, all this done in one day."

until finally he yielded. What it has of one case that happened recently. A There are many instances where

done for him and our family is treman and his wife came to our office, farmers through illness or accidents have mendous."the man bandaged from his head to not been able to plant their farms in

I have learned in the last day or two his feet, to pay tribute to the work of the spring and harvest their crops in of many of the great services our servthe welfare program. Fire had struck the fall, but their farms were planted

icemen are lending in the building prothis man's home. Two of his children and their crops were harvested because

gram of the Church. As you know, they were burned to death in the fire; two of the love of their quorum members.

are assigned to military camps in all others sustained serious burns; and he, I learned of individuals who sacrificed

parts of the world. In many of these too, was burned practically over the for the missionary program. Just one

areas, buildings will be erected, and entire surface of his body. He had now or two expressions: one given by a grandservicemen will make very substantial recovered sufficiently to leave the hospimother who was on her way to the

contributions to those buildings in cash tal and was so overjoyed when he saw mission field. In bearing her testimony

and in time. In many instances, they what the brethren of his ward had done the last night the missionaries were in

will not be able to use these buildings to rebuild his burned home that he town, she said, "I would be willing to when they are completed. They will came to the office of the Presiding Bishscrub floors the rest of my life if my

have been transferred to another area. opric just to thank the Church for the twelve grandsons could have the won-

I learned yesterday of a man who, with great welfare program. We were about derful experience of going on a mission."

his family, had decided to take a vacato have a meeting with the First PresiCould you ask for any greater dedication. When all preparations had been dency and so invited this man and his tion than this? One other young man

made, and because they were in the wife to go downstairs with us and shake said, "My mother is doing janitor work midst of a building program in their hands with these brethren. I am sure to sustain me while I am in the mission

ward, he said to his family, "Well, let's no greater thrill will ever come to this field."

just buy a plane ticket for mother so couple than to have this privilege, and I feel there are many people in the she can go and visit her family, and I heard this man say to the First Presiworld who are going about doing good. I

while she is gone, the boys and I will dency, "I do not think I could have wish all had a desire to do good.

give our vacation time to the construcendured that which has happened to us I want to thank my friend for these tion of our chapel."I saw that chapel. had it not been for the warmth, the love, thoughts. I hope my friend may also

I saw this man and his sons working on and the blessing of the brethren who be your friend. My friend is the still

this chapel. I shook hands with each came to my rescue."The day he came small voice. He and I have had an

of them. I caught the thrill that came to our office, he said, "Fifteen or twenty interesting experience on many occato them. Probably the best vacation masons are there today installing my sions as we have pondered over the work

this man will ever have will be the one block walls, and by tonight my house of the Church.

he gave to assist in building one of will be up to the square. They told me God bless you, inspire you, and help

these beautiful chapels in the Church. that tomorrow that many carpenters you to go about doing good, blessing

Many stories of the efficacy of our will be there to place the rafters on the our people. I pray for this and bear you

welfare program have been told, and I roof, cover them with sheathing, and I my testimony in the name of Jesus realize I must not take too much time am told by tomorrow night, it will be Christ. Amen.

that cannot be practised and intro- I called his attention to two or three "'Ask, and it shall be given you;

duced into your daily life."He was other statements in the sermon: "Judge seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it

silent. not, that ye be not judged. shall be opened unto you.'Can't you

Then I began to repeat for him that "For with what judgment ye judge, see the practical thing in that teaching, wonderful prayer offered by Jesus as an ye shall be judged: and with what my brother? If we desire something,

example to his disciples. "'Thy kingdom measure ye mete, it shall be measured to something that is precious, something we

come. Thy will be done in earth, as you again."need, certainly it will require effort on

it is in heaven.'(Matt. 6-7.) Isn't that At last he was impressed. He said, our part."

a practical aspiration to have?"I said. "Oh, if you Christians would honor that My friend left me. He said, "I will

He made no reply. last commandment, 'As you measure out go home and read the Sermon on the

Then I repeated this: "'Give us this to others, it shall be measured back to Mount."

day our daily bread.'Surely, that is you.'I asked, "You have a New Testapractical to a man like you."I said, "Not only the Christians, but ment?"

And he said, "Oh, it is very practical."the Jews as well."He said, "I believe I have, but it must

I continued, "'And forgive us our Then he began to explain if that combe covered with dust."

debts, as we forgive our debtors.'We mandment were believed today we And now it occurs to me that when

are having a lot of trouble with debts would be living in a different world. Joseph Smith penned his thirteen Artithese days, individual and national. Fancy someone believing a teaching cles of Faith, he stated in the fourth one

Don't you think we ought to pray about which declares, as we measure out to that the first principle of the gospel is it once in a while?"I asked. others, it will be measured back to us. faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. There

"It wouldn't be amiss,"he replied. There would then be no dishonesty in may be other kinds of faith, but the

And then I gave him this statement: the world. There would be no persecufaith that will lead us on to eternal

"'... deliver us from evil.'Is that not a tion. There would be no war. There happiness and salvation is faith in the

prayerful hope that all of us should would be no bloodshed. There would Lord Jesus Christ.

have? It refers to the evil that appears be no contentions in our civilized soMay we be true to that sermon, and

in our pathways, evil that frustrates and ciety because the world stands on one of may we acquit ourselves in such a way stultifies us as we go forth in our daily the great laws taught by the Lord that we may be worthy of an exaltation affairs. 'Deliver us from evil,'is a Jesus. in God's kingdom, I pray, in the name

plea for strength to resist temptation. I quoted again from the sermon: of Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1959 937 Saturday Afternoon Session, Jordan River with Joshua, and after portant coming of the Lord Jesus Christ

October 10, 1959 centuries'absence you were again in to you. Many of you retain this experiyour first "promised land."ence in your traditions. Your people

The Genoese Italian boy, with his gathered about their temple en masse three ships from Spain, thought be had to hear the words of life from the lips discovered a new world, but he was of their Redeemer, who had so recently thousands of years late. Your people experienced death, resurrection, and

L.*JL TO YOU... were on the shores to welcome Columbus ascension in the Holy Land, as reOUR KINSMEN contemporaries,and his men. Cortez,conquerors,Pizarro, exploitersand their satcordedwithinbatedthe NewbreathTestament.and eyes uplifted,As they

found your "old people"already dehe came to them from the clouds of cadent intellectually, culturally, and heaven as he had so recently left his

Spencer W. Kimball spiritually, but populous in your wealth Saints in Judaea. As they looked into

of the Council of the Twelve and poverty. Norwegian Vikings are his kindly eyes and wondered about his

said to have discovered this land before wounds, he told them of his birth and

Columbus, but your people were already life and ministry. He repeated to them

scattered from the Arctic to the Antarctic the vital and priceless sermons on the

My beloved brothers and sisters, it before there was a Norway or Vikings. mount, on the Sea of Galilee, in Sais a delight to welcome into our circle When your prophet Lehi led you out maria, in Jerusalem. He taught them

our new member, Brother Hunter. He of Jerusalem about 600 years B. G, you the power of faith, of the battle between

has our admiration and our affection. brought with you the best of the culture truth and evil. He told them of the

In the few moments at my disposal of Egypt and Palestine and of the then voice of God, his Father, at the time

I should like to address my remarks to known world; also the written language of his baptism, and of the special enyou, our kinsmen of the isles of the sea of your fathers and the holy scriptures dowments to Peter, James, and John

and the Americas. Millions of you have from Adam down to your own time, on the Holy Mount of Transfiguration,

blood relatively unmixed with Gentile these engraved upon brass plates. You when they also heard the voice of God,

nations. Columbus called you "Inbrought with you an absolute knowledge the Father. Now NephiteLamanite

dians,"thinking he had reached the of the God of Abraham, Isaac, and ears were to hear the same voice of the

East Indies. Millions of you are deJacob, and maintained for a long time same God, introducing the same Jesus

scendants of Spaniards and Indians, and thereafter open vision and clear, unChrist to them: "Behold my Beloved

are termed "mestizos"and are called obstructed lines of communication with Son."(3 Nephi 11:7.)

after your countries, for instance: Mexiyour Lord. He told them of his Church in Jerucans in Mexico; Guatemalans in GuateIn the new "promised land"the seeds salem, and displayed to them his hands,

mala; Chilianos in Chile. you brought from Palestine multiplied his feet, his side, torn by nails and

You Polynesians of the Pacific are and brought to you great prosperity on spear at the hands of his own. He

called Samoan or Maori, Tahitian or the extensive lands you farmed. In healed their sick, their lame, their

Hawaiian, according to your islands. your explorations you found gold, silver, blind, as he had in the Holy Land, and

There are probably sixty million of you copper, and iron, and processed brass blessed their little children around on the two continents and on the Pacific and steel. Your factories turned out whom fire came down from heaven to

Islands, all related by blood ties. machinery and tools for agriculture, glorify. He called his twelve disciples

The Lord calls you "Lamanites,"a architecture, and road building. And and set them apart to carry on his

name which has a pleasant ring, for with those tools you builded cities, such Church, then ascended into heaven many of the grandest people ever to live as you knew in Egypt and Palestine, again.

upon the earth were so called. In a highways which would carry your trafYour Lamanite ancestors were not

limited sense, the name signifies the fic, and temples after the order of the more rebellious than their Israelitish descendants of Laman and Lemuel, sons wrorldfamed Solomon's Temple. forebears, but their way of life guaranof your first American parent, Lehi; but Your culture was beyond the imaginateed eventual decimation. You had

you undoubtedly possess also the blood tion of moderns. In your prosperity a rugged history with many tribulations,

of the other sons, Sam, Nephi, and Jacob. you wore "silks, scarlets, finetwined but you have a brilliant future. You

And you likely have some Jewish blood linen, and precious clothing."You beare a chosen people; your destiny is in

from Mulek, son of Zedekiah, king of jeweled yourselves with ornaments of your own hands, your friends', and the

Judah. The name "Lamanite"disgold and silver and other metals, and Lord's. You were scattered in the great

tinguishes you from other peoples. It with precious stones. You were fabudispersion six centuries before Christ,

is not a name of derision or embarrasslously wealthy in your day. and again on this continent in the prement, but one of which to be very proud. In the long years of prosperity and and postChristian eras, and your more

You came from Jerusalem in its days righteousness, your wealth graced temcomplete dispersion came since Columof tribulation. You are of royal blood, ples and synagogues. You read, quoted, bus, and the explorers and the colonists.

a loved people of the Lord. In your and lived by the teachings of the books Someone has said that "the darkest

veins flows the blood of prophets and of Moses and the inspired writings of hour is just before the dawn,"and your statesmen; of emperors and kings; aposthe prophets. Your people knew faith shades of night are giving way to the

tles and martyrs. Adam and Enoch such as has seldom been found upon dawn of a brighter day. Yesterday you

sired you; Noah brought you through the earth. There were years of conflict roamed the wilderness in feast or famine;

the flood; in the sandals of Abraham and wickedness, but also years of peace today you are finding security in educayou walked from Ur of the Chaldees to and unparalleled goodness. tion and industry; and tomorrow your

your first "promised land"; you climbed You produced prophets of stature. destiny will be brilliant in selfsuffi-

in faith with Isaac to the holy mount There were your Lehis, Nephis, and ciency, faith, fearlessness, and power.

of sacrifice; and you followed the path Jacobs; your Almas, Abinadis, and MorLike the Israelites released from Egypof hunger to Egypt with your father mons. Your Lamanite prophet, Samuel, tian bondage, you have been promised

Jacob, and with Joseph you established, who prophesied of the Christ, had few deliverance from your foes of superunder the Pharaohs, the first great peers and perhaps no superiors. Your stition, fear, illiteracy, and from the

known welfare project. scientists and teachers and engineers curses of want and disease and sufferYou are the children of Ephraim and were able and efficient, and left notable ing.

Manasseh, Joseph's sons and of Judah, monuments. Yesterday you traveled uncharted

his brother. Your fathers crossed the Then was the transcendently imoceans, wandered over trackless deserts,

938 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lost your high culture, your written When armies march and people fight, pushed from the Appalachians to the tongue, and your knowledge of the true education suffers, art languishes, buildSierras, from the Atlantic to the and Living God. Today you are arising ings crumble, forests are exploited, Pacific. All know about the four hunfrom your long sleep and are stretching, farms return to desert, and orchards dred year "battle of America,"wherein

yawning, and reaching. Tomorrow you to jungle. Fighting men build tempo- a disunited multitude of small Indian

will be highly trained, laying out highrary bridges, forts, and towers instead of tribal nations retreated constantly with ways, constructing bridges, developing homes, public buildings, and observamuch bloodshed to far corners, and cities, building temples, and joining in tories. There is neither time nor then on reservations in areas unwanted.

inspired leadership of the Church of inclination to carve statues, paint landIn all this distress your greatest your Redeemer. scapes, compose music, or record hismiracle was aborning. When you were

Historians have written about your tory. Communities on the march or in decimated by war and disease and all

past; poets have sung of your possibiliretreat have no schools nor teachers. seemed lost, and you were spoken of

ties; prophets have predicted your scatPriceless records are destroyed with the as "the vanishing American,"then hope

tering and your gathering; and your buildings and cities which are burned discovered a star. The colonist, the

Lord has permitted you to walk through and pillaged. Artists, scholars, writers, Gentiles, took your lands, your streams,

the dark chasms of your ancestors'makand clergy alike shoulder arms, stalking your forests, but brought something to ing, but has patiently waited for your enemies, and laying siege to cities. you immeasurably more valuable—the

awakening, and now smiles on your floPlunder replaces honest industry. CatHoly Bible with its glorious truths, and

rescence, and points the way to your tle, goats, and poultry are devoured by a written language and progressive glorious future as sons and daughters voracious soldiers. Calves, kids, and schools, scientific development, and

of God. You will arise from your bed piglets are eaten as are the seedcorn, intellectual progress.

of affliction and from your condition of and the wheat. Fruit is devoured, and Centuries earlier your prophets saw in

deprivation if you will accept fully the trees are burned for wood. Today's invision and foretold the coming of

Lord, Jesus Christ, and his total prosatiable hunger swallows tomorrow's Columbus and the col onists, of the gram. You will rise to former heights plenty. Armies carry movable tents and Revolutionary War, of the creation of

in culture and education, influence and abandon homes and churches. Temples the great Gentile nation of the United

power. You will blossom as the rose fall in ruins and are overgrown by States of America; of your scattering,

upon the mountains. Your daughters vegetation. With everdecreasing flocks and, above all, and most important to

will be nurses, teachers, and social to shear, no weaving or knitting is done, you now, of the gathering of your people workers, and, above all, beloved wives and clothes are replaced with short and their restoration. Prophecies emaand fullof-faith mothers of a righteous skin girdles, and heads are shaven. nating from our Lord never fail, and the

posterity. Plowshares are turned into swords, oftpredicted miracle of the "marvelous

Your sons will compete in art, literaand pruning hooks into spears. The work and a wonder"was soon at hand.

ture, and medicine, in law, architecture, manufacture of farm implements is The war brought independence to the etc. They will become professional, inturned to the making of the scimitar, struggling colonies, and a mighty nation

dustrial, and business leaders, and the ax, and the sword. Life becomes a was born with a divinely inspired Constatesmen of the first order. Together sordid existence, bloody, with little purstitution, granting to its people religious

you and we shall build in the spectacupose except to survive. freedom. Early in the nineteenth cenlar city of New Jerusalem the temple Mormon said: "... they are led about tury preparations were complete for the

to which our Redeemer will come. by Satan, even as chaff is driven before marvelous miracle. The longsealed

Your hands with ours, also those of the wind, or as a vessel is tossed about heavens opened. God, the Father, came

Jacob, will place the foundation stones, upon the waves, without sail or anchor, down with Jesus Christ, whom he introraise the walls, and roof the magnifior without anything wherewith to steer duced to a young modern prophet, cent structure. Perhaps your artistic her...."(Mormon 5:18.) Joseph Smith, saying: "This is my Behands will paint the temple and In all this prolonged period of war loved Son."(P. of G. P., Joseph Smith

decorate it with a master's touch, and and drivings, your immediate ancestors 2:17.)

together we shall dedicate to our Crelost their written language, their high Your Redeemer, who ascended in the ator Lord the most beautiful of all culture, and worst of all their knowlclouds in the Holy Land eighteen centemples ever built to his name. edge of God and his work. Faith was turies earlier, and who had soon thereSad have been your experiences of replaced by fear, language by dialects, after visited your ancestors on this

the last sixteen centuries. From the unhistory by tradition, and a knowledge continent, was now back upon the earth

excelled righteousness of the postChris- and understanding of God and his ways for a stay long enough to open a new tian era, your ancestors slipped into an by idolatry, even to human sacrifice. dispensation, and charge his new prophapostasy which has brought centuries Your priceless thousand years of history, et with responsibility, and to introduce

of suffering and distress to their poslaboriously engraved on plates of metal, the successive events which were to be terity. Fabulously wealthy, they forgot and the brass plates of the Old Testaworld-shaking. His visit was brief but

their God. They divided into tribes ment, were hidden by your inspired momentous. The gospel was returning.

and clans and went to war with each prophethistorian in the sacred hill in The wondrous work continued. Your

other, driving and plundering, till the a stone box, to remain undisturbed until priceless records, having lain in a vault continent was a pulsating war camp. a wise Heavenly Father should bring for centuries, were revealed, Moroni,

You had great warriors like Amthem forth for you, their resting place fourteen centuries dead but now resurmoron, Helaman, and Mormon, who in known only in heaven. rected, led the Prophet to the place. He

cunning strategy and leadership rivaled In the business of killing human removed the soil, took from the stone the Cyruses, Alexanders, and Caesars. beings, there could be little inclination box the golden plates, and blessed with

Your downfall came when your people to face a Creator and a gospel of peace; supernatural power gave to you and to

walked the way to war. Revenge and the manytimes restored gospel of Jesus your contemporaries the English transhatreds made cold wars flame into hot Christ was lost; and spiritual darkness lation of the miracle book written for

shooting ones. Baptismal waters heenveloped the whole world. you, preserved for you, and dedicated

came rivers of blood. The parched When Columbus came, your tribes to you.

earth policy was followed, and enemy had covered the islands of the Pacific, For you there were prayers of numerarmies surged back and forth across the and the Americas from Tierra del Fuego ous prophets, including Nephi: "For I

land, tramping down crops, squandering to Point Barrow. Every school child pray continually for them by day, and:

livestock, and changing a stable people is familiar with that period of history mine eyes water my pillow by night.'

into nomads. when your more recent ancestors were (2 Nephi 33:3.)

DECEMBER 1959 939 Enos said: speculated on the origin of the early gospel to you and your children. You

"... I prayed unto him with many Americans. Your history sets at rest heard today of the organization of the

long strugglings for my brethren the that question. Many people have quesfirst Lamanite mission in the southern

Lamanites... [and] that the Lord tioned the divinity of the Holy Bible. hemisphere—the Andes Mission.

God would preserve a record of my Your record establishes it as the Word Your record, the Book of Mormon, people... that it might be brought of God. Many have denied that Jesus named after one of its chief historians,

forth at some future day unto the was the very Son of God. Your record makes clearer the numerous predictions

its doubt. leaves that, perhaps, they might no companionLamanites, With Bible. their will plates of the have Other

is for Bible, there scripture, the proof salvation."unto broughtbe truths will seals additional broken, and

I lives, faith, soul that that cry honest I did every unto and had God "And

It tells of revealed. brethren, your be is records; begotten Christ preserve that the Jesus he was by him would whoGod

Israel, of disapTribes the who Ten It Savior. establishes the that the Redeemer, with he covenanted heand me

would bring them forth unto the the truth of the exalting gospel which peared from Babylon into north counLamanites in his own due time."(Enos now came rapidly from the throne of tries when your people headed west to

11, 13, 16.) God to the Prophet, to you and to us. this world. They will return with their

Many moderns, lay and trained, have Missionaries are now teaching the true prophets, and their sacred records will

"THAT YE MAY Also, in referring to the day of the some reason or other the missionaries

KNOW judgment,me in thatheday,said,Lord,"Many,Lord,willhavesay weto hadno answer,returned.so theyTheyopenedknockedthe doorand andgot

in prophesied thy in. called not in thy and a response name? Hearing an from THE TRUTH"

devils? in out thy inner have cast and name on in. they went room The

name done many wonderful works? woman said the missionaries came and

Eldred G. Smith "And then will I profess unto them, stood beside her bed and mumbled a

Patriarch to the Church I never knew you: depart from me, ye little between themselves something she

that work iniquity."(Ibid., 7:2223.) did not understand. Then one of them

it's said, irregular, highly experitold but these "Well, have Those who I sisters, pray brothers that the and My it I is all testiright."so guess say experiences, if you miraculous even The to ences, ofSpirit will the with be Lord me

it is next thing fy she she that had adexperiences the not been knew to me of that utterancegive the thoughts me to a of give ministered missionthese that the alone testimony by them MormonI this conferto in in give have mind aries. of gospel. divinity True, the they I is It very that enjoyence. a privilege,

their said true, their they testimony; She strengthen they took hands when of the to with meetmuch, new many

off sat her in think, she bed. that got experiences are head She up make them for ofconverts the Church, many who

of into the to investigate out kitchen cause the Church, and went bed them the blessings are receive to tocome me refrigerator. are got that the food things not her alone they and but from some I work, missionary ofresults our and

want to express praise and commendagive them a testimony of the gospel. Then she excused herself while she

tion to the missionary work in the For instance, just recently a woman dressed. The missionaries made an

Church because I see the results of it. told me of her experience. She became appointment to come back at another

They are good, and I think it is probvery ill. It had been determined that time. When the nurse returned and

ably the cream of the crop that come she had cancer. She had gone through saw the woman was up and around, she

to me. surgery on numerous occasions, until told her to get back into bed. "No,

I enjoy very much hearing their stories she had come to a point where the doc- I'm not going back to bed. I am healed.

of how they have become members of tors had given her up and told her that I am well,"the woman said.

the Church, the processes they have she did not have months to live, but The nurse, thinking she was delirious, gone through in overcoming difficulties only weeks. There was no hope for called the doctor. The doctor also

and in receiving a testimony of the her. She was living at home with a ordered her to get back into bed, but

divinity of the gospel of Jesus Christ. nurse to take care of her. A neighbor she refused again and said she was well.

later, after a year doctor the Over had near She day. called had a phone one tell miraculousMany experiences—exlive, to she told her but weeks she had the so she could it, and answer her bed healing, expedofperiences miraculous

iences of divine guidance, experiences of neighbor said to her, "Now when the came to Salt Lake City and went to assistance to accomplish what otherwise doorbell rings, don't answer it. It is the temple, then came to my office for

blessing. thrilled happy, very missionaries She was coming a those Mormon the has just Lord bewould impossible—and

life. as before been in her street; so she had never the when the doorbell down follow that "signs shall them us said to

that believe."rings, just don't answer it. Don't pay The happiest part of her life has been

I would like to emphasize the word any attention to it."since the doctor told her she couldn't

follow just a little bit. He did not say So the woman thanked her for her live. Yet she said it was not the experithey would precede and be a guide and consideration, her kindness. She told ence of healing alone that gave her a

a testimony to us to prove in advance her nurse that when the doorbell rang testimony of the gospel.

that this is the gospel of Jesus Christ. she was not to answer it; it was just There are other experiences such as

He said that the signs shall "follow"those Mormon missionaries and to pay Brother Bates from England told me.

those that believe, and I find this to be no attention to them. Well, the doorHe had been working in the MIA, or

the case in the stories that I hear. bell rang after a few minutes, and the youth work, in Manchester, England. A

The Lord has also warned us, saying, nurse, from force of habit, opened the large group of circulars had to be sent "For there shall arise false Christs, and door, then realized that she had been out in the mail in order to have a youth false prophets, and shall shew great told not to. She quickly disposed of the conference at a scheduled time. He and

signs and wonders; insomuch that, if it missionaries. Immediately after, the his group worked feverishly together to

were possible, they shall deceive the nurse left the house to get some groceries. get these circulars in the mail. It

very elect."(Matthew 24:24.) There came a knock on the door. For seemed an almost impossible task, but

940 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be a third witness for Christ. They, shoulders...."(1 Nephi 22:8.) Your wo unto him that shall deny the Christ

the Ten Tribes, you, the Lamanites, and God has performed many miracles to and his works!"(Ibid., 29:5.)

the believing of us, also carrying the get the story written by his prophets, You have been preserved to this blood of Israel, will jointly build the to preserve the records against threats epochal day, and the gospel is available city to our God, the New Jerusalem, with of enemies and the ravages of nature, to you now. Wash your souls in the

its magnificent temple. The end of and to get them translated into a lanblood of the Lamb. Cleanse your lives,

time will come; the millennium will be guage you can understand, and bring to study the scriptures, accept the gospel

ushered in; the Lord, Jesus Christ, will you this second witness of Christ. Your and ordinances.

return to lead his people; and the earth Book of Mormon record is as a voice These predictions can be fulfilled and

will be renewed and receive its parafrom the dust, messages from the dead, come to you through one channel only, disiacal glory. warnings from the Lord: the path of righteousness and faith;

My Lamanite brothers and sisters, "Return unto me and I will return else all these promises are but empty, we love you. Our bringing the gospel unto you, saith the Lord of hosts."(3 unfulfilled dreams.

to you is "likened unto their being Nephi 24:7.) May God bless you that you may acnourished by the gentiles and being Our Lord cries, "Wo unto him that cept the truths now revealed to you, I

carried in their arms and upon their spurneth at the doings of the Lord; yea, pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

somehow or other they accomplished it. asked the class, "How many here have it shall be opened unto you."(Matt.

In order to do so, however, he had spent a testimony of the divinity of the Book 7:7.) It does not come by just sitting by

all morning at it. He had previously of Mormon because of the three witand waiting and expecting it to come to

made a business appointment for one nesses?"There was not one who raised us; we have to reach for it. And after

o'clock at a distance which he knew he a hand. He said, "What is it, then, that we have reached for it, after we have

could not drive in the time he had left. gives you a testimony of the divinity of fulfilled the law by which we may reHe had often driven there before, and the Book of Mormon or the divinity of ceive these blessings, then, through

the time he had left was but a small the gospel of Jesus Christ? It is somefaith, these signs follow. And these

fraction of what he knew it would take thing down inside, isn't it? There's signs that follow testify to us again that

to cover that distance. But he said, "I something inside of us that testifies to this is God's work; that he is directing

will take care of the Lord's work first, us of the truth of the gospel."his Church here upon the earth.

and then I will leave it up to the Lord Many might explain away these Many may ask, "How do we get these as to how my business works out."miraculous experiences. They might say testimonies?"They come to us through

He got into his sports car and drove that the woman would have been healed experience, yes, by our own efforts. I

that distance as fast as he could in anyway. They might say that Brother would like to refer to the wellused passafety, as he had done many times beBates got his time mixed up or some sage in the Book of Mormon, the

fore. His appointment was for one other way of explaining the distance admonition of Moroni to obtain a testi-

o'clock, I think he said. When he drove he had traveled, which to him was immony of the divinity of the gospel of

through the gates of the establishment, possible. But you ask the individual Jesus Christ:

the clock in the tower struck one. He who had the experience—it doesn't "And when ye shall receive these

could not believe it. He said it was make any difference what the other things, I would exhort you that ye

impossible. There was something wrong. people say, he knows down inside that would ask God, the Eternal Father, in

He got out of his car, and the man he there is something else there that no the name of Christ, if these things are was to meet was waiting for him. He one can take from him. That is the not true; and if ye shall ask with a

said, "That's what I like about you—knowledge, I think, that Brother Bruce sincere heart, with real intent, having

your punctuality. Right on the stroke McConkie was talking about this faith in Christ, he will manifest the

of the time you are supposed to be here, morning when he said that we have to truth of it unto you, by the power of you are here. That is what I like about have knowledge to obtain a testimony the Holy Ghost.

you."In the course of proceedings the of the gospel. It is that knowledge that "And by the power of the Holy Ghost

man gave him an order worth 10,000 comes to us from down inside. ye may know the truth of all things."

pounds, without Brother Bates even askWe are made up of a spirit and a (Moroni 10:4-5.)

ing for it, or without his even selling the physical body. That spirit body lived We have here the promise that truth

man on his goods. He said, "That is in the preexistence, and that spirit that and knowledge in all things shall be

what the Lord did because I did my is down inside of us and gives us light given unto us if we shall seek in faith,

Church work first. But these experiences is what prompts us to a knowledge of and if we shall put ourselves in tune

alone are not what is giving me a testitruth. When we are in tune with the with the Holy Spirit, that Spirit will

mony of the divinity of the gospel."Spirit of the Lord, that spirit within us speak to us and give us those experiences

I could go on with many similar exgives us that knowledge that no one that will give us knowledge of the gosperiences. We hear them in our else can take from us. When we keep pel of Jesus Christ.

testimony meetings all the time. An the commandments of the Lord, and I testify to you that I know this is the

instructor in a Sunday School class was one of the primary purposes of being on gospel of Jesus Christ; that I know that

talking about the Book of Mormon. All this earth is to learn obedience by our God lives and Jesus is the Christ; and

the members of the class had testified experience and to seek the gospel so that that this gospel which has been rethat they had a testimony of the diwe can have as a reward through our stored to us through the Prophet Joseph vinity of the Book of Mormon. They free agency for having lived the law of Smith by revelation is the plan of life

were discussing the three witnesses, and the gospel, the many blessings which the and salvation, and the way by which the eight witnesses—discussing why gospel plan gives us, that spirit within we may receive all the blessings of exthere were these witnesses. Some said us prompts us and gives us that knowlaltation which have been promised

that the reason for them was to give edge. down through the ages, and I testify to

others a testimony of the divinity of the By that method, the Lord has said: you to this end in the name of Jesus

Book of Mormon. Then the teacher "... seek and ye shall find, knock and Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1959 941 his bed, he made it a matter of prayer. culty comes, we through prayer, faith,

He asked the Lord if the Church of and divine direction from our Heavenly

Jesus Christ was upon the earth could Father will be able to meet our problems to it. night That he had and

the not CAN YOU BEAR hea dream,be directedand in dream he saw Wesolvehavethem.a great responsibility of livTESTIMONY? too far from where he lived a road, ing the gospel because the world expects

and at the end of it was a little chapel. us to be a different people, which brings

When he arose Sunday morning, he to mind the statement of an individual

Joseph L. Wirthlin was so impressed with the dream he who had the privilege of visiting the Los

Presiding Bishop immediately dressed and went down the Angeles Temple before it was dedicated.

road, and there was the little chapel. This individual said, "The temple is

In it two men were preaching the gospel beautiful. It is a marvelous building,

ofthey—twothe Lord MormonJesus Christ,missionaries!and who wereMy butis different."the MormonsI dohavenot somethingknow exactlythat

My brethren and sisters, it has been grandfather immediately joined the what that individual had in mind, a great source of inspiration to have the Church. There was no question about whether she thought the temple in and

privilege of attending this wonderful it in his mind. of itself was beautiful or something that

conference. As I listened yesterday to I am positively sure that over the was different, whether she thought we

our prophet, I felt that we were receiving world where individuals have a desire to have the priesthood of the Lord Jesus the same direction, the same inspiration, find the true Church, they can find it. Christ, or whether or not she was givthe same guidance, as did the members They may find it in the way of a dream, ing consideration to the fact that we are

of the Church two thousand years ago or they may find it by the missionaries doing work for the dead. Nevertheless,

when Peter and the apostles stood bewho may come to their homes and teach an impression was made upon that indifore them periodically and taught them them the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. vidual. So, in all of our lives, wherever

the gospel. Yesterday we had that Spirit My grandfather finally made the long we go, we are going to make an impreshere. We have had it today. It is the trip to America and came into this area sion on those with whom we come in

Spirit of the Lord. Each and every one with his family of ten children of which contact. As a people, we are indeed a

of us can feel it as we listen to what my mother was the youngest. It was a "different"people.

is said by our brethren. difficult thing to find the right kind of It is a wonderful thing to know that

It is a marvelous thing to belong to work. He worked in a coal mine, an in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday experience he had never had. He day Saints, brethren and sisters, the

Saints and know that there stands at labored there for some six months, then choice young men at the age of twelve the head, a prophet who receives from came to Salt Lake City to get his pay. may receive the Aaronic Priesthood—

on high the guidance and the direction He was paid for three months. He quit the Aaronic Priesthood, a divine gift

that is necessary for the sons and his job and finally settled on a little which was bestowed upon the Prophet daughters of our Heavenly Father, not farm near Tooele, Utah, but there was Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery by only those here, but those all over the no water and that created a problem. John the Baptist himself. I humbly pray

world. Our President in the years gone As I have read his history he had writthat in your homes where your sons

by has traveled to many lands for the ten day by day, there was difficulty on hold the office of deacon, teacher, or purpose of preaching to the people that every hand, but not once did I ever find priest, there is going to be positive asthey can understand the gospel of the my grandfather finding fault or consurance that these young men realize

Lord Jesus Christ and have the privilege demning the Church. When general that they have the most divine gift of

of living it and enjoying all the blessconference was held comparable to this God to his sons.

ings therein. one, he used to hitch up his old team, If we have any difficulty at all in

I often think that I happen to be a and it was an old team, and drive into connection with the Aaronic Priesthood, member of the Church, not because I Salt Lake City, and here he remained for where some of them may become inaccepted it, but because I was born in four days and attended all of the meetactive and not as interested as they the Church, and I assume most of you ings. It is marvelous to read of the should be, I think it comes about many

who are present this afternoon have great inspiration he received hearing times because fathers and mothers are membership in the Church because you the Prophet Brigham Young at that time. not giving consideration to the fact that

were born in it. On the other hand, When he attended conference, they their sons hold the Aaronic Priesthood,

we have quite a number of our brethren were the best four days of the whole the priesthood that was held by John and sisters who are converts, those who year, hearing the gospel of the Lord the Baptist.

had the privilege of receiving the gospel Jesus Christ taught by the prophet. It is a wonderful thing to sit down

from the missionaries in various parts Brigham Young was a prophet to him, with your son—he may be a deacon, a

of the country. You and I who were and is it not a wonderful thing to know, teacher, or a priest—and say to him,

born in the Church have received it, brethren and sisters, that from the days "You hold the Aaronic Priesthood. John

brethren and sisters, without any great of the Prophet Joseph Smith until the the Baptist held the Aaronic Priesthood.

demands on our part, except that we present time, we have a prophet, seer, He was a priest. He baptized Jesus

live the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ and revelator, so that through the direcChrist."

and set the proper example to those not tion of our Heavenly Father, we will Is it not wonderful to know that your of our faith. be guided and directed wherein we will son at the age of sixteen may have the

I often think of my two grandfathers—receive the blessings that we need. same privilege of baptizing as did John

one was born in England and the other President Clark told of conditions the Baptist about two thousand years was born in Switzerland. The one in that might exist in the world because ago. It is so impressive, brothers and

England at the age of twentyone was there is a great nation and a government sisters, that these young men will come very anxious to find the Church of the which does not teach or permit its peoto the conclusion that holding the

Lord Jesus Christ. Yes, he belonged to ple to believe that Jesus Christ actually Aaronic Priesthood is the most important

another church, a great church, but he lives and is the Son of God. As Presigift that God can bestow upon them at

was not satisfied. He could not underdent Clark said, some day that may their particular age. So teach them,

stand the matter of baptism. He could create difficulties for us. Nevertheless, inspire them, and direct them in connot understand the matter of authority. I hope and pray that each and every one nection with their assignments in the

He could not find it. of us will so live the gospel of the Lord Aaronic Priesthood work, that when the

One Saturday evening on retiring to Jesus Christ that when that day of diffiday comes for them to receive the Mel942 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA chizedek Priesthood, they are going to as anxious that they hear the gospel because we accept without question feel in their own souls, "Now I hold and enjoy all the same privileges that Jesus Christ as the Son of God! A pethe priesthood of the Lord Jesus Christ,"we have. In some way and at some culiar people because we declare to the

for the Christ himself is the Great High future time, these great events arc going world that God the Father and his Son

Priest, and everyone of these young men, to take place. Jesus Christ appeared to that fourteenif worthy, sooner or later is going to We have a great responsibility, and yearold young man and gave him the

have the privilege of holding the office I think of the words of Peter when he direction and inspiration whereby the of an elder or a seventy or a high priest. said, speaking to the people: Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

It is most inspiring and encouraging "But ye are a chosen generation, a Saints could again be established upon to me as I have the privilege of coming royal priesthood, an holy nation, a pethe earth for the benefit, the direction, in contact with these young men who culiar people; that ye should shew forth and the inspiration of all the sons and

have a desire to go out and preach the the praises of him who hath called you daughters of our Heavenly Father, and gospel, as they may have been called out of darkness into his marvellous "... that ye should shew forth the

by the President of the Church in conlight."(I Peter 2:9.) praises of him who hath called you out

nection with the bishop of the ward. If we live the gospel of the Lord Jesus of darkness into his marvellous light."

In interviewing them, I always ask Christ, we are "a chosen generation."We (Idem.)

them the question, "Can you bear testiare a chosen generation because through My testimony to you is this: if my

mony that Joseph Smith actually saw the wonderful revelations that were grandfather in Switzerland, if my grandthe Father and the Son? That is the given to the Prophet Joseph, we have father in England had not had the

statement you will have to make because the commandments, we have the direcprivilege of hearing and understanding we stand on that wonderful event as tion, we have the guidance that is the gospel, we as a family, without a a Church, that Joseph Smith at the necessary to so live the gospel that we doubt, would still be in the darkness of age of fourteen actually saw the Father indeed are going to be a chosen generathe world, but because they accepted the and the Son."tion. gospel, it is possible now for all of us

It is most thrilling and inspiring to And "a royal priesthood"—the Aaronic to go into the marvelous light of theknow that these young men at the age and the Melchizedek—the Aaronic Church, the marvelous light of Jesus

of twenty can say, "Yes, I can bear Priesthood coming, as I have already Christ himself.

testimony that Joseph Smith actually indicated, when John the Baptist apWe have a great responsibility of so saw the Father and the Son."They peared and bestowed it upon Joseph living the gospel that it will be a great

should be able to do that, brothers and Smith and Oliver Cowdery. Then, source of inspiration and divine guidsisters, because they have held the Peter, James, and John, the apostles of ance to all of those with whom we come

Aaronic Priesthood from the age of old and the Presidency of the Church in contact.

twelve until the age of twenty when some eighteen hundred years before, In the final analysis, as we live the they receive the Melchizedek Priesthood. appeared and bestowed upon Joseph gospel, it is a wonderful thing to think

They should have been taught and Smith and Oliver Cowdery the Melof the words of Jesus Christ, "And ye chizedek Priesthood. Indeed,should the might knowledge that they have we the truth, shall the truth and shall know

it is priesthood. say, a royal thesecan bear testimonies wonderful

is 8:32.) make you free."That (John of nation,"course, are holy important. so an holywhich "An

the the blessing promise and that each it, as I is the understand is nation, Church analysis, this In the final Church of us and every one unand may live is Christ. Jesus of the Lord This an holy ofthe Christ. the Lord Jesus ChurchThat is the testimony, brothers and sisnation, and all of those who have memderstand—that we shall know the truth

ters, that we ought to bear to our sons, bership in the Church of the Lord Jesus and the truth shall make us free.

our daughters, and our grandchildren. Christ are in that holy nation as long May the Lord continue to inspire us

This is the Church which is preparing as they live the gospel. in all of our endeavors, I humbly ask

the way for the second coming of Christ. "A peculiar people"—a peculiar people in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

That is our responsibility. It is one

of the most important responsibilities that any group of people can have.

Now with reference to these other nations that do not have the privilege of hearing or understanding the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, it is my feeling will they that havethat some day opWINTER WINDportunity. are going that to have They

privilege. Was it not said to whom the

gospel was to be preached—to every by Ora Pate Stewart

nation, kindred, tongue, and people.

Whether or not we will be able to send The wind sings soft in the pines tonight missionaries into Russia to preach the Then raises his voice in a wild delight.

gospel, I do not know, but I do remember President Clark said something There is something sad in a winter wind years ago,about never I have and two its it sifts a lyre of pinesAs song through it. said willforgotten that perhaps He we strings, muted Deep now soft woodwindsto to able preach the gospel thebe

people of Russia out of Salt Lake City Hunting for measures it never finds;

over television or radio or something Haunting the souls of all who hear it;

else. That day will come when the Enjoining the sighs of those who fear it.

Russian people will hear and understand the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, wind, blow out the fires of hate not only the people of Russia, but also And fan the embers in the grate the millions in China and the millions Where love is dying; and in the flue,

in India. are all the sons They and Old songs of home and peace renew. Father, ofdaughters and our Heavenly

I am satisfied that Jesus Christ is just

DECEMBER 1959 943 "And there shall also be many which standard, could it be then that any of shall say: Eat, drink, and be merry; us would lie a little, or take advantage

nevertheless, fear God—he will justify of one because of his words, perhaps

WHO WOULD little,in committingtake the advantagea little sin;of oneyea,becauselie a said?by misquotingAre thereor anyexaggeratingof us whowhatwouldhe

JUSTIFY--A ofbor;histherewords,is nodig harma pit inforthis;thy andneighdo figurativelyhoping that dighe awillpit fallfor hisinto neighbor,it? PerLITTLE SIN? all these things, for tomorrow we die; haps by taking unfair advantage of

and if it so be that we are guilty, God him, by shrewd maneuvering, thinking

EIRay L. Christiansen will beat us with a few stripes, and at that as long as one gets away with it

Assistant to the Council last we shall be saved in the kingdom that he is a trustworthy and honest man.

of the Twelve of God."(2 Nephi 28:7-8.) "Make of yourself an honest man,"

Is this prediction of Nephi coming to said Carlyle, "and then you may be pass in our day? Are there those of us sure that there is one rascal less in the

who would justify ourselves in comworld."

mitting a little sin? Are there those of Are there any of us who would justify

I humbly pray, my brothers and sisus who would yield to the enticement ourselves in any of these things, these ters, that what I say may give encourageand the pressure of acquaintances and wrongdoings? If there be, let us repent

ment and fortitude to someone. We have associates to "eat, drink, and be merry,"as of today. Farther on, this same great

had some marvelous addresses given, on certain occasions? Would we, for prophet, Nephi, points out that those

some wonderful music, all of which instance, when in the company of cerwho feel justified in sinning a little, should inspire us to go forth and live tain others, forsake principles, propriety, being enticed by the vain practices of better lives. and decency in order to conform with the world, are placing themselves in a

I believe that each of us needs a and be accepted by the group? Soposition where, he says, "the devil

spiritual checkup just about as often as called social drinking, for example? cheateth their souls, and leadeth them

we need a physical checkup; that each Would we forsake the high principles carefully down to hell."(2 Nephi

of us, the young, and the rest of us, of conduct which we as a people espouse 28:21.) How well put that is, and how

needs to make an appraisal of himself and yield to the unapproved practices true!

as a member of the Church of Jesus when we know that to do so weakens The evils and the vanities of the

Christ, and as the head of a family, or one's character, discredits his family world, and the corruption thereof are as a member of a family, from time to name, and will bring sorrow and unthrust close to our lives. Enticings and

totime determine of the degree our to pressures depart right from are the in of place joy happiness peace? and

fidelity allegiance our adherand and every found of on hand. these Some in true, believe honest, being "We to the accepted rulesence doctrines and are glorified. wrongdoings almost in chaste, virtuous, benevolent, andof the Church. this, Realizing as must, Latterday we

If is all to there doing good men.... of ancient prophets of the Saints, One old, for firm young that and be whom

Elder Kimball spoke, had this day in anything virtuous, lovely, or of good which we know to be right, and in the report or praiseworthy, we seek after right be steadfast and immovable. Eachmind—when he said:

"Yea, and there shall be many which these things."(Thirteenth Article of of us must set his own course. Each

shall say: Eat, drink, and be merry, for Faith.) household must determine whether its

tomorrow we die;... This being the case—this being our members will follow the worldly pattern

established upon the earth in this dis- I have that faith and confidence, and pensation of God's providence for the so testify to you with full knowledge that last time. It was divinely set up by ultimately I must answer to God for

acts. THE principle,our Lord, andandordinancepossesses foreverythe salvatruth, myTheteachingsmembersand ofpersonalthe Church

RESTORATION tion and exaltation of those who receive by implicit obedience to gospel princimust, and obey its plan of life. ples and ordinances, stand firm and

I solemnly testify that every President true to the faith and not be tossed about

Delbert L. Stapley of this Church has been called of God, by every wind of doctrine from deceivof the Council of and sustained by him and by the faithing teachers who wrongfully and wilthe Tivelve ful Church members who, with uplifted fully suggest that the Church in this

hands before God, angels, and fellow day has gone astray, which claim I disciples, agreed to accept and sustain humbly testify to you is untrue. Distheir leader as prophet, seer, and senters from the Church in all ages of

My brothers and sisters, I am happy revelator. We so sustain our beloved the world, influenced by evil design,

indeed to extend the hand of fellowship President David O. McKay today. Achave zealously taught deceptive and

to Elder Howard W. Hunter, called this cording to the spirit of truth within me, false doctrines and led many unsuspectday as a member of the Council of the I accept him in this high position of ing and unthinking souls into the broad

Twelve. I look forward with joyous prophet, seer, and revelator with all way of apostasy from the truth. The

anticipation to association with him in my heart, and uphold him without true servants of the Lord have conthat council. I assure him of my supquestion and without reservation. I say sistently and humbly warned against

port and my love and my help. to you, my brothers and sisters, that if selfappointed leaders, and have always

Today I feel to share with you my everyone would keep his eyes on the admonished the Saints to be faithful witness and humble testimony that this President of this Church and follow and true in keeping the commandments

Church is the true Church of Christ, his example, he would never go wrong. of God, and thus develop faith and

944 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of loose, reckless living, or be obedient there will be no yielding to such presof reckoning will come just as certainly to the commandments of the Lord. sures. as night follows day."

When the tribes of ancient Israel inWhen marriage is contemplated, will A similar warning was given to those clined their hearts toward the worship the plan be a temporary legal arrangehusbands and wives who break the moral of heathen gods, forsaking Godgiven ment where eternal association is laws. Then, by the right they have

principles, you remember that Joshua, forfeited, or will it be administered acas leaders of the Church of Jesus Christ, their leader, fearing for his people, cording to the ordinances of God; accordspokesman for the Lord himself, they

"... gathered all the tribes of Israel to ing to his sweet and wonderful way of gave this solemn warning, along with

Shechem, and called for the elders of making possible a grand family reunion a plea for strict morality: "By virtue of

Israel, and for their heads, and for their in the resurrection? That is the question the authority vested in us as the First

judges, and for their officers; and they we must determine when it comes to Presidency of the Church, we warn the

presented themselves before God."that occasion, or before it comes to that, people of the degradation, the wicked-

(Joshua 24:1.) Then it was that he for we must plan ahead of time for that ness, the punishments that attend upon

pointed out to them what was happengreat episode in our lives. unchastity. We urge you to remember

ing among them, and admonished them One other matter—the destroying sin the blessings which flow from the living

to put away their strange gods and their of unchastity and moral laxity has been of a clean life. We call upon you to

evil ways, and he called upon them to one of the dominant factors in the keep, day in and day out, the way of repent, exhorting them to serve the Lord downfall of many proud people and strict chastity, through which only

God of Israel with sincerity. Then in many great empires. Among the peoGod's blessings can be achieved and rethe majesty of his calling as a prophet, ple today, this same destroyer of happiceived, and his Spirit abide with you.

he said to them, "... choose you this ness presents a dismal picture for the How glorious it is to him who lives the

day whom ye will serve;... but as for safety and peace of this and future chaste life. He walks unfearful in the

me and my house, we will serve the generations. glare of the noonday sun, for he is withLord."(Ibid., 15.) A few years ago the First Presidency out moral infirmity."

Just as Israel in that day had to make issued a warning to the Latterday Saints Now, will we listen to those who that decision, so must that decision be and to the world generally against this would minimize the seriousness of this made by us today. I must make that sin. Among other positive statements transgression and who would have us

decision. You must make that decision. they made, they said this: "The doctrine believe that the Lord has changed his

For example, in this day of widespread of this Church is that sexual sin, the mind in regard to it? Will we listen to

desecration of the Sabbath, when it is illicit sexual relationship of men and those who say that chastity is outmoded considered merely a part of a weekwomen stands in its enormity next to and oldfashioned? Each of us must

end, and when it is used by many for murder. The Lord has drawn no esstand for and encourage such principles

amusement and pleasurehunting, shopsential distinction between fornication, as honesty, trustworthiness, virtue. Let

ping, etc., do I, do you, serve the Lord adultery, and harlotry or: prostitution. us turn a deaf ear to the advocates of

by being where we ought to be, doing Each has fallen under his solemn and wrongdoing, and be prepared with what we ought to do, on his holy day? awful condemnation. You youth of Joshua to say, as he did to his people:

Again, when friends or acquaintances Zion,"they pleaded, "you cannot asso- "... choose you this day whom ye will

urge the use of tobacco or intoxicating ciate in illicit sex relationship, which is serve; but as for me and my house, we

liquor, do we yield just to be sociable? fornication, and escape the judgments will serve the Lord."(Joshua 24:15.)

If I and my house are determined to and punishments of the Lord which he May we so do, I pray humbly, in the serve the Lord in the law of health, has declared against this sin. The day name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

strength against the powers of evil trine and procedures to prevent stumwould fail or be given to another peowhich are constantly leveled at them. bling along life's way. It is a great ple. That was not true of the Church

In the early history of the Church, beblessing and gift to be able to discern in the Meridian of Time. The prophets

cause the elders did not understand the and choose rightly between truth and before the time of Christ, and the manifestations of different spirits abroad error. apostles after, warned and predicted a

which were disturbing the members, the To protect the faith of Church memfalling away from the truth and the

Lord, in answer to prayerful inquiry, bers the Lord has revealed: true Church.

warned: "But ye are commanded in all things As members of the Church, we must

"Behold, verily I say unto you, that to ask of God, who giveth liberally; and always remember that this is the Disthere are many spirits which are false that which the Spirit testifies unto you pensation of the Fulness of Times, or,

spirits, which have gone forth in the even so I would that ye should do in the last of all gospel dispensations, when earth, deceiving the world."(D&C all holiness of heart, walking uprightly all things are to be gathered together

50:2.) before me, considering the end of your in Christ before his coming to earth

What was true then is true now, and salvation, doing all things with prayer again. The destiny of this Church is

ever will be until Satan and his evil and thanksgiving, that ye may not be too great and the time too short for so hosts are forever bound and shorn of seduced by evil spirits, or djbctrines of important a work to be bounced from their power to deceive and destroy. The devils, or the commandments of men; one group of people to another. The

Prophet Joseph Smith taught, "... Nothfor some are of men, and others of Lord would not have it so and has deing is a greater injury to the children devils."(D&C 46:7.) creed the permanency of his latterday

of men than to be under the influence In all the teachings and prophecies kingdom.

of a false spirit when they think they of the prophets concerning the estabWhen John the Revelator, in a vision have the Spirit of God."(Teachings of lishment of God's kingdom in the of important latterday events, witthe Prophet Joseph Smith, page 205.) Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, nessed an angel flying in the midst of

How true this statement is, and how there is no mention nor indication that heaven, having the everlasting gospel important to know correct Church docthe Church, when once established, to preach unto them that dwell on the

DECEMBER 1959 945 earth, and to every nation, and kindred, organization of the Church, made this "I will give you one of the Keys of the tongue, and people; and he quoted the pronouncement: field "For behold, the It is mysteries of the Kingdom. an

". angel as saying:.. Fear God, and give is white already to it is harvest; the and eternal principle, that has existed with

glory to him; for the hour of his judgeleventh hour, and the last time that God from all eternity: That man who

ment is come."(Rev. 14:7.) Our era of I shall call laborers into my vineyard."rises up to condemn others, finding fault

time is the hour of God's judgment; (D&C 33:3.) with the Church, saying that they are

therefore, this prophecy could not be Again, the Lord revealed to the Prophout of the way, while he himself is fulfilled if interruptions were to occur et: "The keys of the kingdom of God righteous, then know assuredly, that that

in the progress and work of the reare committed unto man on the earth, man is in the high road to apostasy;

stored kingdom. and from thence shall the gospel roll and if he does not repent, will apostatize,

The Prophet Daniel, interpreting forth unto the ends of the earth, as the as God lives."(Ibid., page 156.)

King Nebuchadnezzar's dream, instone which is cut out of the mountain How clear and forthright these stateformed him that its fulfilment would be without hands shall roll forth, until it ments are, and so powerfully and conin the latter days. Then, calling athas filled the whole earth."(Ibid., 65:2.) vincingly stated that there can be no

tention to the kingdoms that should This latter declaration accords with doubt of their truth.

follow that of the king until many and confirms Daniel's interpretation of The Lord gave this instruction and kingdoms resulted, Daniel declared: King Nebuchadnezzar's dream, for the warning to the elders of his Church,

{ "And in the days of these kings shall Prophet Daniel spoke of the stone which and to all the inhabitants of Zion the God of heaven set up a kingdom, was cut without hands which smote the against those individuals making false which shall never be destroyed: and image and became a great mountain, and claims and purporting to receive revelathe kingdom shall not be left to other filled the whole earth. tions: "And this shall be a law unto you,

people, but it shall break in pieces and The Prophet Joseph Smith gave this that ye receive not the teachings of any consume all these kingdoms, and it shall wise counsel, which is a true principle that shall come before you as revelations stand forever. in Church government and is the order or commandments;

"... God,"said Daniel, concluding of the Priesthood: Holy "I will this inform "And I give unto that you you

his interpretation of the king's it is that dream, you contrary to the not economy be deceived, may that you know may "hath made known to the king what of God for any member of the Church, that they are not of me.

to pass hereafter: shall come and the or one, any to receive instruction for verily I "For say unto you, that he

is certain, dream and the interpretation those in authority, higher that of than themis ordained shall in me come thereof sure."(Daniel 2:4445.) selves; therefore you will see the imthe gate and be ordained as I have toldat

Here is prophetic evidence of the propriety of giving heed to them."you before, to teach those revelations

continuity of God's latterday kingdom (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, which you have received and shall rewhen established upon the earth. Daniel page 21.) ceive through him whom I have apemphasized that point dramatically Again he taught: "... revelations of pointed."(D&C 43:5-7.)

when he said, "The dream is certain the mind and will of God to the Church, Baptism at the hands of an authorized and the interpretation thereof sure."are to come through the Presidency. servant of God permits a person to come

kingdom,The prophesied is Daniel, is not This the order of heaven, in at the gate; and the and prescribed the way

destroyed; to be it is not to to be left privilege power and of this Priesthood."the Lord, as by outlined in the precedother people; and it shall stand forever. (Ibid., page 111.) ing quotation, by which those ordainedHow convincing and certain this declathen a powerful And declaration of and accepted can be known by the

ration is I eternal an principle which the Prophet of his members is clearly Church

The Lord, in a revelation to the Joseph Smith said is eternal, undeviatforth in the following revelation: "Againset

Prophet Joseph Smith shortly after the ing, and firm as the pillars of heaven: I say unto you,"said the Lord, "that

Sunday Session, Morning to you that I feel very humble and very organization. May God bless everyOctober 11, 1959 weak. single one of them.

As I have listened to these inspired I know we have been deeply touched address "NOT YET, messagesday before,todayI haveandthoughtyesterdayof theandwordsthe ofthisPresidentmorning Henryby theD.inspiringMoyle. DEAR LORD, of Riddle: "Those who know books be pardoned if I tell you this morningMay I

his I thought humble and yet NOT YET"knowknow much,more, butand thosethosewhowhoknowknownatureGod thatbeautiful just address was like the prayer have reached the goal of human wishe offered a few days ago in an upper

Thorpe B. Isaacson dom."room of the temple when the General

great This sure, has met there upAuthorities preparatory choir, I am to of the Presiding Bishopric lifted us along this morning this great conference. with thouAs to he spoke

sands and perhaps millions who have you this morning, he had a prayer in

President McKay, President Clark, heard them. They are a great credit to his heart for you, the membership of

President Moyle, President Smith, my the Church and to the city, to the state the Church, and for our friends not of the beloved brothers and sisters, and the and the nation. These choir leaders, the Church; and as he offered that prayer

radio and television audience: I am very choir members, and the officers, are not in the temple, in the true order of

grateful for the prayer this morning of just good musicians: They are good prayer, I felt sure our Father in heaven

a wonderful man, former mission presiLatter-day Saints, and they are wonderhad called him to his present position.

dent, Brother Theodore Jacobsen. I know ful missionaries. They are devoted. I Brother Moyle has no selfish interests.

that the will Lord answer prayer, that a very have choice singing brother lived has above selfishness. in the He He will

shall gratefuland I be for I choir, to you your and know devoted great how deeply be a blessing to the membership prayers this morning because I confess and what great love he has for this of this Church. Those of our friends

946 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA it shall not be given to anyone to go that which is not right; therefore this received, have come down from the

forth to preach my gospel, or to build shall ye observe and make it your law fathers, and last of all, being sent down up my church, except he be ordained to do your business by the voice of the from heaven unto you."(D&C 112:30,

by some one who has authority, and it people."(Mosiah 29:26.) 32.)

is known to the church that he has All wavering and disaffected indiAnd now the second and concluding authority and has been regularly orviduals should remember the safeadmonition from the Lord, which also dained by the heads of the church."guards to faith and testimony given by is a perfect safeguard to the membership

(Ibid., 42:11.) the Lord through revelation, and, recogof this Church:

As in past ages, men will continue to nizing and working through constituted "Hearken, O ye elders of my church arise to plague the work of God, for this channels of priesthood authority, submit whom I have called, behold I give unto is the intent of Satan and ever has been their views or claims and be willing to you a commandment, that ye shall assince the beginning of man on the abide by the voice of the people, who, semble yourselves together to agree upon earth. conforming to the abovequoted revelamy word;

There are infallible guiding princition, are to decide the matter after exer- "And by the prayer of your faith ye ples found in the revelations and in the cising much faith and prayer. If they shall receive my law, that ye may know

historical records of the Lord's dealings would do this before permitting themhow to govern my church and have all with his people for their guidance and selves to follow a deviating or contrary things right before me.

protection. Here is a very important course, and manifest the faith to abide "He that receiveth my law and doeth

one given in this last dispensation to by the voice of the Saints, they would it, the same is my disciple; and he that

the Prophet Joseph Smith. The Lord not go astray nor depart from the right saith he receiveth it and doeth it not, the

gave it as a guiding admonition to his way, and their souls and those of their same is not my disciple, and shall be people. Said he: posterity would, through obedience to cast out from among you."(Ibid., 41:2-

"And all things shall be done by the commandments, be saved in the 3,5.)

common consent in the church, by much kingdom of God. Wherefore, my brothers and sisters,

prayer and faith, for all things you shall There are many other scriptural refwhen assembled together, as today, it receive by faith."(Ibid., 26:2.) erences and revelations, also statements is to instruct and edify each other and

If the members of the Church will by Church leaders, bearing upon this thus learn how to act and how to direct follow this counsel and act together in subject which could be quoted, but I the affairs of God's latterday kingdom.

prayer and true faith, the Holy Ghost close with two additional quotations May I encourage all of you to listen to will not permit them to yield to the from the revelations of the Lord to the and accept the teachings and counsel influence of error and false teachings Prophet Joseph Smith. The first conof your brethren given in this general

of those who seek to overthrow the cerns the keys of priesthood power comconference of the Church. How imwork of God. The great Nephite mitted to the First Presidency and the portant it is for the Saints of the kingprophet, Mosiah, warning his people Twelve of the Church: dom to be guided aright, knowing that

spirits false to are land in the those, abroad the and Twelve, you, unto "For conagainst kingcraft, counseled them elect yes, deceive, the very even are appointed First Presidency, of God who to the judgescerning in which the manner if careful the in are keeping not they your counselors your and to be with you govern them should be selected, and leaders, is the power of this priesthood commandments and walking in faithful wisely advised: given, for the last days and for the obedience to God's laws.

"Now it is not common that the voice last time, in the which is the dispensaGod bless you, my brothers and sisof the people desireth anything contrary tion of the fulness of times. ters, that you may walk in obedience

to that which is right; but it is common "For verily I say unto you, the keys to God's laws. This I humbly pray in

for the lesser part of the people to desire of the dispensation, which ye have the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

not in the Church, as well as all of us, Saints in faroff countries of Europe. In between life and mortality and death

will sustain him and pray for him in many places he spoke to them in their and immortality is very thin indeed.

grateful a very they tongue. were It native carry. has to load that hethe great The How seconds—yes,

likewise Sister for his from life and presence. few his fallen Moyle has of on Presidencymantle onlyseconds—totakes a fewchange

shoulders. Last night the priesthood spoke to them. They are dearly loved mortality to death and immortality, and

assembled was deeply blessed as a result in the faroff countries of Europe. I saw how close one can get to the pale

of his marvelous address. President Faith promotes faith, and testimony of death. I thought I was passing from

Moyle will be a great comfort and inspires testimony. this life to the other, and I am truly

blessing and assistance to President Today, if I may, I would like to take grateful to the Lord that he permitted

McKay and President Clark, whom he just one sentence from President me to live. I fully realized then that I

dearly loves. McKay's beautiful dedicatory prayer ofwas not prepared or ready for that pass-

A year ago it was the privilege of my fered at the London Temple, and may ing, and it brought to my mind a few wife and myself to visit many coun- I quote from that one sentence. Speakwords that I have read in a poem that

tries of Europe, and only by coincidence ing to the Lord, he said: "May we goes something like this:

we came into countries, missions, express overwhelming gratitude just to "There is no time that we could set for branches, and districts where - Brother be alive."parting.

and Sister Moyle had recently visited. I have a personal reason this morning Ever our prayer would be,"(as mine

I have never heard anyone speak so for repeating this sentence from Presiwas) beautifully as the humble Saints of dent McKay's dedicatory prayer, be- "Not yet, dear Lord, not yet, just another

Europe spoke about President and Sister cause today I am truly grateful just to day."

Moyle. I think we will never know the be alive. A few months ago I became I realized then more than ever before

amount of good and the help that he critically ill, and I learned then, as I how dependent we are upon God, our rendered to so many of our humble have never learned before, that the line Eternal Father, even for the preservaDECEMBER 1959 947 tion of our lives. When one faces such to my room in the hospital and laid let me urge you now—today—to change

a change, and we are all going to face their hands upon my head and anointed your life. Remember it only takes a

it, when we come close to it, many me with holy consecrated oil, and then few seconds to change from life unto things come to our minds. I wonder said unto me, "By the power of the Holy death. Let me urge you to make the

if you are ready for that change. I Priesthood, (Brother Moyle just told us necessary adjustments in your life. Yes,

wonder if you are prepared to change about that power) and in the name of make new resolutions. Turn back, if

from life to death. I believe that we Jesus Christ, we bless you that you shall you have reason to believe that you are

can become prepared and ready, and I be well."on the wrong road, turn back now. It

concluded then that if the Lord would Do you know of any such power as isn't too late.

permit me to live longer, I intended to that in the world? I bear testimony to May I quote from Amulek's testimony

live better so that I could die better. you that the power of the priesthood in the book of Alma, wherein he states:

Even though one may not be comis here in the Church. I testify to you "For behold, this life is the time for

pletely conscious or aware of what is that one knows and one feels that influmen to prepare to meet God; yea, behold

going on about him, I shall always be ence and that power, and is mindful of the day of this life is the day for men truly, humbly grateful, I hope, more the blessings of the Lord received to perform their labors... for that same

grateful than ever before in my life for through the administration of his servspirit which doth possess your bodies at the blessings and the prayers of my ants holding that Holy Priesthood. the time that ye go out of this life, that

friends and family and my Brethren. I am grateful to be alive, and I promsame spirit will have power to possess

I am more grateful now because I ised the Lord that I would bear testimony your body in that eternal world."

realize the power of the Holy Priesthood of that power and that healing influ- (Alma 34:32, 34.)

of God that we have heard so much ence whenever I could have the strength Repent! Forsake those things that are

about in this conference, often referred to do so. I thank God, and I hope that wrong so that when the time comes for

to as the greatest power on the face of you thank God just to be alive. If you you to make that change you can say

the earth. Some of the Brethren, who feel that you are not quite prepared or as Paul said to Timothy: "I have fought

are prophets and servants of God, came ready for that change from life to death, a good fight, I have finished my course,

anchor and guide throughout life, and of God manifested and the power of bring happiness to the individual. satan: and you see that there is nothing

We have been privileged to come to that is desirable in the works of darkthis earth to be tested and proved, to ness; that they cannot bring happiness;

... THAT YE see if we. will be loyal and true to the that those who are overcome therewith

LOVE ONE commandmentsFather. We havegiventhe byresponsibilityour Heavenlyof theare miserable,righteous arewhileblessedon thewithotherpeacehandin

.*'being loyal to righteous and correct the kingdom of God where joy unspeakANOTHER..

principles. Satan and his followers are able surrounds them."(Comprehensive

Henry D. Taylor zealous and loyal, but to causes and History, vol. I, page 7.)

Assistant to the Council principles which are unrighteous and The Savior came to earth with a of the Twelve opposed to the will of our Heavenly mission to perform. He was loyal to

Father. the confidence and trust placed in him.

There are two opposing forces operThis was in spite of his awareness of ating to win the souls of the children the magnitude of his mission, including of men—one force for good, and one for the atonement. As the hour of the beThe calling of Brother Moyle to the evil. The Prophet Mormon gave a test trayal and his great sacrifice drew near,

First Presidency, and that of President that may be applied in determining one he entered the Garden of Gethsemane,

Hunter to the Council of the Twelve, from the other, when he said: "Whereand in anguish prayed to our Heavenly

is added evidence, my brethren and sisfore, all things which are good cometh Father, saying: "... O my Father, if it

ters, that this Church is guided and of God; and that which is evil cometh be possible, let this cup pass from me:

directed by revelation and by inspiration. of the devil; for the devil is an enemy nevertheless not as I will, but as thou

These are two wonderful men. I know unto God, and fighteth against him wilt."(Matthew 26:39.)

the Lord has a great mission for them continually,... The Prophet Joseph Smith fully

to perform. "For behold, the Spirit of Christ is realized the fate that awaited him and

We live today, my brethren and sisgiven to every man, that he may know could have undoubtedly escaped martyrters, in a world of unrest and insecurity, good from evil;..."(Moroni 7:12, 16.) dom by going West beyond the reach

where mistrust, suspicion, and disloyalty Through righteous living we may have of his enemies. Rather, he chose to

exist between nations as well as among the companionship of the Holy Spirit, return to Nauvoo and Carthage, being individuals. Loyalty to oneself and to which will assist us in discerning right loyal to the Saints he loved so dearly,

the principles he believes to be true, from wrong, good from evil. and who returned his love and affection.

is a noble virtue. Joseph Smith was permitted to beMany of his associates pleaded for the

In Shakespeare's Hamlet is expressed hold the contrast between the glory of privilege of accompanying him and his this impressive thought: "To thine own God and the power of darkness, and brother'Hyrum to the jail, aware that

self be true, And it must follow, as the received this explanation: "All this is death could easily result. Willard

night the day, Thou canst not then be shown, the good and the evil, the holy Richards and John Taylor were granted false to any man...."and impure, the glory of God and the this permission, and when the armed

Latterday Saints should be taught power of darkness, that you may know mob stormed the jail, they fought valearly in youth the fundamental princihereafter the two powers and never be iantly with all their might and strength ples of the gospel. These teachings of influenced or overcome by that wicked to defend the Prophet and Hyrum. John

the Savior, if observed, will serve as an one.... You have beheld the power Taylor was seriously wounded in the

918 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I have kept the faith: alterable memory. So let no unkind to reflect seriously upon the course of

"Henceforth there is laid up for me a word, no careless doubting thought, no my life, for days are numbered and crown of righteousness, which the Lord, guilty secret, no neglected duty, no wisp precious."

the righteous judge, shall give me at of jealous fog becloud its passing."May this group here today, and those

that day: and not to me only, but unto May God grant us the ability to who listen on the radio and television,

all them also that love his appearing."change our lives where they need to be resolve to live better hereafter so that

(II Timothy 4:7-8.) changed. I wonder if we are absolutely we can die better. May God bless every

And as quoted in the last verse of the satisfied with the life we are leading, single one of you, that you may live as hymn, "Come, Let Us Anew": with the thoughts we are thinking, and long as you want to live and as long as

with the deeds that we are doing. you ought to live. Remember, each day

"O that each in the day of his coming Everyone of us can thank God, our of life is so precious we must not let it may say, Heavenly Father, for our very life, and carelessly slip away.

'I have fought my way thro'may we let God be our confidant I bear testimony to you humbly that

I have finished the work thou did'st give everyone of us—that "thy Father which God lives, that he is our Father, that

me to do.'seeth in secret himself shall reward thee Jesus Christ is our beloved Savior and

O that each from his Lord may receive openly."(Matt. 6:4.) our Elder Brother. Oh, how grateful

the glad word: As we pass from day to day, each we should be for the power and the

'Well and faithfully done; day bringing us closer to the time when blessings of the Holy Priesthood of God

will are in that death,Enter constantly today. our unto from life midst change sit down on my we into my"joy and

it throne.'for Father, important is to the "Heavenly what have Oh, we ask: may how

purpose hast Thou given me this day? faith and ability to recognize, not only

That reminds me of a prayer that I To what end do its hours point? Help our blessings, but the source of those

read recently, and may I quote: "Your me not lightly to dismiss this question. blessings.

day is almost done. When the night Let me not be carried unthinkingly with God bless everyone of you, I humbly

and the morning meet, it will be an unthe drift of the times. Give me grace pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

assault. This display of loyalty and As we come into your stakes each To President McKay and the other

affection could well impress and inspire week to attend quarterly conferences, brethren in the First Presidency, I exeach of us. These men were ready to we are deeply impressed with the devopress my love, and pledge them my

give their very lives for those they loved. tion, steadfastness, and firmness of you loyalty and support. I sustain them

They believed the words of the Savior good people in the wards, stakes, and with all my heart.

when he said: "This is my commandmissions of the Church. We are pleased May we all be blessed with the ability

ment, That ye love one another, as I to observe your love and loyalty for the to discern good from evil and have have loved you. gospel and for the inspired leaders of the courage and desire to be loyal to

"Greater love hath no man than this, the Church and of your desire to sustain those principles which are righteous, that a man lay down his life for his them and assist them in building up the I humbly pray in the name of Jesus friends."(John 15:1213.) kingdom of God here upon the earth. Christ. Amen.

ENCHANTED YEAR

by Elaine V. Emans

When I was very young, I thought the new

Year followed after Christmas time because

The old year, being frail and weary, was

Unable to contain all joy that grew

Out of the heart of Christmas—being fed

By carolsinging, laughter, candles glowing,

The warmth of gifts exchanged, the lovely knowing

The Christ Child slept within a mangerbed.

Now, being schooled in ways of calendars,

And too aware how soon the heart of earth

Loses the exultation of the star's

And angels'message of the holy birth—

/ would go back to that enchanted year

When the New Year caught the brimming Christmas cheer.

DECEMBER 1959 949 ADVICE ister.GrandfatherHe had becomewas a aMethodistpreacher, goingminteachersimple andchildlikewent amongmanner.the peopleLie wasin aa

the the great Book parts of reader of different the Bible and western TO through the Doctrine and Coveinto crossing Erie Ohio, then Lake of Mormon, CanTEACHERS ada, holding meetings, preaching the nants, and the Pearl of Great Price. He

Methodist beliefs. Then one morning loved literature, and because of his

Levi Edgar Young he was holding a meeting, and he saw prayers to God, he was able to grasp

President his brother, Brigham Young in the the meaning, and he used to say to the of the First Council audience, and he could not understand people: "That is a simple thought, isn't

of the Seventy it at first. Grandfather was the elder it?"And the way he said it, the Saints

of the two. After the meeting, Brigham agreed, and it became known that the

walked up to his brother, Joseph, and gospel of Jesus Christ is the greatest in

My brethren and sisters, we are all said, "Joseph, I have found the gospel. thought of today, and yet so great that

very glad to assemble in this great conCome with me."it becomes simple and pure—an ideal

ference of the Church, and oh, the wonJoseph immediately felt the truth of for the person who goes to God and derful messages we have received, and what his brother said, and taking him prays for understanding.

the testimonies that strengthen our by the arm and bidding his congregation Grandfather Young passed away in lives. goodbye, they made their way back to 1884, and then his son, Seymour, suc-

I wish to say a few words about PresiKirtland, Ohio, where Grandfather met ceeded him. It is a story that becomes

dent Joseph Young. My grandfather the Prophet. He was baptized immevery personal, I realize, but one of the

was chosen by the Prophet Joseph Smith, diately, and within a few days the seventies asked if I would say something and when grandfather met the Prophet Seventy organization was made, and about Joseph Young in my address. He

for the first time, the Prophet told him Grandfather found himself in the First was a great reader, and he had come that the Lord had already a place for Council of the Seventy. He was always to know the story of Israel, and taught

him in the priesthood. so proud of it. He became a wonderful it to the people. He was a reader of

conference. I would like to add that and mothers had allowed their children

we should also teach children ethical to drive, even under legal age.

living. I believe that the tendency of I expressed myself quite vehemently

the times and the forces of evil around on the subject and said I thought it was us are so great that unless we unite on wicked, really, for a parent either to

CONCERN FOR whichour objectives,we can andexposeobtainour achildrenprogramandto setchildantoexamplebreak theof breakinglaw—not orbecauseallow ofa

OUR CHILDREN have them unite with us, we can easily that particular law being either good fail in this great project of keeping our or bad,—but because the tendency to

children in the Church. Unity of ideals break law would be implanted in that

S. Dilworth Young and purposes is hard to achieve. May I child, and perhaps sometime he would

of the First Council illustrate? choose to flaunt a law more serious and

of the Seventy Many years ago I was invited to a important.

high school to talk to a group of parents My companion followed me, and this who were present on a "leadership week"was his solution. He said: "I will tell

basis. It was not connected with Brigyou how I solved that problem in my

It seems to me that there have been ham Young University but was a local family. My boy is fourteen and a half

two themes in this conference. One is affair. There was invited to accomyears of age. I took him down to the

our love and devotion and our deterpany me, and to take part in this disbureau where they issue licenses, told the mination to serve the Lord Jesus Christ". cussion, a psychologist from one of our folks he was sixteen, and got him a

The other is a great concern for our colleges. We both went, and I was the drivers'license so that he could drive

children. May I speak briefly on the first speaker. I can remember how hard legally on the highway."

second of these two themes? May I I labored to convince these parents that Another scripture (this is from Paul):

quote you a scripture, briefly? if they wanted to have their children "Children, obey your parents in the

"... inasmuch as parents have chilobey, they themselves would have to Lord: for this is right.

dren in Zion... that teach them not obey the principles which they espoused. "Honour thy father and thy mother

to understand the doctrine of repentance, One of the subjects they brought up (which is the first commandment with faith in Christ the Son of the living was the matter of driving cars when promise) that it may be well with thee,

God, and of baptism and the gift of the under age. Everybody knows that the and thou mayest live long on the earth.

Holy Ghost by the laying on of the state law is clear in this respect—-sixteen "And ye fathers, provoke not your

hands, when eight years old, the sin be years of age is the legal limit under children to wrath: but bring them up

upon the heads of the parents."(D&C which a child should not drive. Many in the nurture and admonition of the

68:25.) fathers had been beset with importunLord."(Eph. 6:L4.)

That was quoted twice earlier in this ing from their children. Many fathers I think we might just as well recog950 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

literature, as I have said, especially Engteacher. Try this exercise every day for the scriptures; for in them ye think ye

lish literature, and just after the Prophet a few minutes and you will be surprised have eternal life: and they are they

Joseph Smith had asked that some of at the number of noble truths you will which testify of me."(John 5:39.)

the people learn Greek and Latin, learn. The worth of this selfteaching is To know Christ is life eternal. To

Grandfather was learning those lanthe habit of thought and attention it become like Christ is happiness everguages. stimulates within us. The steadfast lasting. We know the steps that Jesus

I must not take too much time, but pursuit of such an ideal is the truest trod: obedience, devotion, purity, truth-

I will read these few words to you. "To recreation that we can have, and is the fulness, kindness, resistance of temptalearn is to bring into your being a road to a personal understanding of the tion, selfsacrifice. It was John Ruskin

thought that gives strength and a better gospel. who wrote:

understanding of the power of your own "My brethren and sisters,"said Joseph "He only is advancing in life whose mind."That was what Grandfather Young one time, "if you can learn how heart is getting softer, whose blood

used to teach. Go to your Bible again to learn, you have acquired something warmer, whose brain quicker, whose

and turn to verse or chapter that you that will make of you a real teacher. spirit is entering into living peace."

have already learned to love, and read You have acquired a habit that will not And the men who have this life in it again. Pick out some noble lesson; only give you much joy every day, but them are the true lords and kings of

learn the substance of its thought. Who will also strengthen your character and the earth.

wrote the words? Where are they found lead you on daily to greater truths and God bless us in this holy purpose

and why were they written? That is more abundant life."of learning the gospel in its simfor us all—the words, when were they It is our own study, with faith and plicity, for how true it is that the greatest

written and why? prayer to God, that gives us strength, thoughts become simple to our souls

In time, an incentive to learn more that gives us life and light; and thereand spirits as we approach God by faith

and more will be the result of our study. fore we are ready to become more deand prayer. I pray that we Seventies

The beauty of it is that you are learning voted readers of the great Church works. may all become wise and good teachers

for yourself. You become your own Remember the words of Jesus: "Search of the gospel. Amen.

nize the fact that while we parents are the boys of the club, without chaperonopen. He got up to see who was enter-

"in for it,"so to speak, if I might use a age, had hired a cabin in the canyon ing the house without permission, and slang term, if we do not teach our chilnear our town, and there they prepared there stood his boy, sleeping bag slung dren, I think the children are equally to initiate their friends. I suppose the on his back, overcoat on. He said,

responsible to do a little for themselves father had an anxious moment or two "What's the matter, Son?"

to have respect for their parents, and as he sat through the evening, wonderThe boy said, "They tried it, Dad, to learn to obey their parents. It is a ing what was going to happen. The and I fought them off and came home."

twoway thing. If parents are going to He had walked nine miles in that zero

teach children, the children ought also weather. After he got warm, the boy

to learn that they must be obedient retired. The father went upstairs,

to their parents. "... inasmuch as parents have stood at the foot of his son's bed, and

children in Zion... that teach yousaid, are"You'vean obedientdone son."well. I am gladmanI havelivinganotherin my townexample.had a Ason.certainThe

son was invited to join a high school them not to understand the docNow, fathers must make decisions.

club. This high school club was one trine of repentance, faith in Mothers must make decisions. But so

of a number. He wanted to have some must sons and daughters. If the sons

social life with the other boys, I suppose, Christ the Son of the living and daughters do not make correct deand after he talked to his father about God, and of baptism and the cisions, they are more at fault than it if join. their fathers After their a while decided mothers, parhe would and the gift the Ghost Holy hy of

is initiation. to right.there ents be taught an have was them what A

... the laying the hands, on of said, his to father this of important purpose most and went Church He

"Father, I need some advice. I have sin he upon the heads of the is to bring up children in righteousness

in a roundaboutheard way initiations. to you at thesedo things that they parents."(D&C 68:25.) andI tobearkeepmyparentswitnessrighteousthat Presidentalso.

What would be your advice to me as McKay is a prophet of the Living God, to what I ought to do?"and I bear witness also that his great

The father said to him, "Do not let concern, if I might be so bold as to them do anything to you that will inboy left him and took his sleeping bag interpret him, is for the youth of Zion, volve your dignity as my son or as a and his sleeping equipment, because that they might grow in righteousness man. Do not let them compromise you this was to be an allnight affair. The and carry the torch of this Church until

in your priesthood, in your family, or thermometer measured zero during the it fills the earth.

in your good name."night. I humbly pray we may find the right

So he went. The story comes to me About two o'clock in the morning the and the way to do it. In the name of

that it was a cold winter's night, and father said he heard the front door Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1959 951 my best friend is the one who will get no one can tell how suddenly some me a book I haven't read."And in one calamity may overwhelm us and bury

of the most authoritative voices of latterall of our glory in profound obscurity."

day scripture the Lord said, "It is imWe inscribe our coins with the motto ought igTrust."At least in served "In possible for we to be God a man We

talking it is just the to kind 131:6.) we are WE BELIEVE norance."of God know And (D&C THE BIBLE as impossible to be saved by reading the about.

kind of sex stories and murder mysteries It has been pointed out that, "We do holds, but the future we that what know such a large part of our not makes up Sterling W. Sill the future."holds literature. And do know contemporary who

Assistant to the Council prosnational that our sure be share to This may morning I would like we of the Twelve exaltaindividual as perity our as well to having do with some quotations you with the values of great ideas and stimution depends upon how well we utilize

Recently a seat companion in an airlating ideals as they are made available this great reservoir of spiritual truth.

plane was telling me something about to us through good books. Someone has In our uncertain age we need the great

the very interesting science of ballistics. said, "Books are among life's most scriptures as never before.

He pointed out that when a bullet is precious possessions. They are the most Our problem, of course, is that no

shot through a gun barrel, the bullet remarkable creation of man. Nothing matter how great our literature may be,

receives a set of characteristic markings else that man builds ever lasts. Monueven if we have the word of God himself

which will forever identify it with the ments fall, civilizations perish, but books spoken in our own day, it doesn't help particular gun barrel through which it continue."us very much unless we know what was

is shot. "The perusal of a great book is as it said and then govern ourselves accordOur conversation then moved to anwere an interview with the noblest men ingly.

other set of facts which might be called of past ages who have written it."

mental ballistics or spiritual ballistics. Charles Kingsley once said, "There is

That is, when an idea is passed through nothing more wonderful than a book. WINTER SCENE

the dead, from a set of It to us be a messagethe mind, the may mind receives nevercharacteristic from for example, markings; saw souls we who by Helen Myrtis human

when one thinks negative thoughts, he lived perhaps thousands of miles away, Winter stomps the lane outside little of sheets these yet despeak paper thinks andgets a negative mind. If he boots, down, In icy up and

us, us, us, our teach deto arouse open thoughts, becomespraved his mind sparrows hide, the hedges where hearts in to Past hearts turn thoughts, and open theirpraved. If he thinks damned

a damned mind will be the result. Solous like brothers."And windbared furrows frown.

mon was speaking as a kind of ballistics "Without books God is silent, justice Where winter's steps a trembling expert when he said, "For as he [a man] dormant, philosophy lame."make,

thinketh in his heart so is he...."(Prov. John Milton said, "Books are not dead Sleeping things of spring begin to

23:7.) things but contain a certain potency of wake.

In the course of our journey we were life in them as active as the soul whose obliged to lay over for an hour between progeny they are. They preserve as in

planes. During our wait we made an a vial, the purest efficacy of the living The fifth chapter of the book of Moses

examination of the kind of literature intellect that bred them."recounts how God tried to teach the

that was being distributed through the Of course, the great literature of the posterity of Adam to live the principles magazine stand in the airport. We were world centers in the Holy Bible. The of the gospel. But Satan came among

impressed—as anyone must be impressed, writings of Shakespeare alone contain them saying, "Believe it not,"and many

with the fact that one of the most serious some 550 Bible quotations and allusions. believed it not. This same problem has

problems of our day, whether considered The works of Tennyson have 330 Bible been plaguing the world ever since.

from the point of view of the church or references. Emerson's works are rilled One of our great Articles of Faith says,

the nation generally, is the very lowwith Bible ideas, and the New Testa- "We believe the Bible to be the word of grade of ideas which makes up such a ment records eightynine occasions when God as far as it is translated correctly;

substantial part of our mental diet. the Master himself quoted from the great we also believe the Book of Mormon to

William James once said, "The mind scriptures. be the word of God."But not only is

is made up by what it feeds upon."We Think of the effect that the Bible has Satan among us saying, "Believe it not,"

would not think of feeding our bodies had in individual lives. Looking backhe goes much further and also says,

contaminated food, and yet we often ward we see young Abraham Lincoln "Don't even read it."And readership

feed our minds and our souls with lying before the open fire reading the surveys show that most people in and contaminated thoughts, and thereby we Bible, and it is easy to follow the Bible out of the Church are following that run contaminated emotions through our influence in his life throughout his enunfortunate direction. There are very

hearts, sometimes with fatal results. tire career. One Bible passage in the few people who regularly read the Bible

One of our most urgent presentday mind of another young man by the with a purpose, and the vast majority needs is to houseclean our thinking. name of Joseph Smith helped to change read it almost not at all.

Because two opposite thoughts cannot the religious history of the world. It was reported that a Sunday School

coexist in the mind at the same moment, Or, think of the effect that Bible teacher once asked the members of her the best way to get rid of undesirable teaching has had in the rise and fall of class if they knew what was in the Bible thoughts is by antidoting them with nations. Most of the nations of the past and one little girl held up her hand.

good. The best way to get darkness have fallen because they have disobeyed The teacher said, "All right, Mary Jane,

out of a room is to fill it with light. The divine law. Certainly this will continue you stand up and tell the class what is

best way to kill the negative is to cultito be a determining factor in every nain the Bible."And Mary Jane said,

vate the positive, and the best way to tional success. "There's a lock of baby's hair in it;

improve our lives is to improve our With keen insight Daniel Webster some pressed violets from sister's beau thoughts. And one of the best ways to once made this prophetic statement, "If are in it; and some of grandmother's

improve our thoughts is to develop a we abide by the principles taught in the love letters are in it."We ought to relove of great literature. Bible, our country will go on prospermember that there are some things in

Young Abraham Lincoln once said, ing, but if we, or our children, shall the Bible that Mary Jane apparently had "What I want to know is in books, and neglect its teachings and its authority, never heard about.

952 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA First, the doctrines of eternal life are to observe the laws of honesty, chastity, thirtythree years while he walked the in it. The Bible teaches us about God, temperance, repentance, and baptism; dusty roads of this earth and try to

our Eternal Father, and what our relathen we had better tear those parts out learn the lessons that his life teaches.

tionship to him ought to be. Lord of the scripture, so we will not deceive One of the most inspiring lines in all

Calvin was once asked to name the ourselves unnecessarily by imagining of the scripture was spoken by the mother greatest discovery that had ever been that they apply to us. It would be inof Jesus at the marriage feast at Cana.

made, and he replied, "The greatest teresting for each of us to find out just She said to the servants, "Whatsoever discovery that is ever made is when a how big our own particular version of he sayeth unto you, do it."(John 2:5.)

man discovers God."Jesus indicated the Bible would be under these cirWhat an inspiring motto that would

this same truth when he prayed, "And cumstances. Someone was once asked make for our individual lives! Or, supthis is life eternal, that they might know whether or not he was a Christian and pose that in feeling we go with him into

thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ he said he was, in spots. I suppose that the Garden of Gethsemane while under

whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) it is better to be a Christian in spots the burden of our sins he sweat great

Think of the advantage that young than not to be a Christian at all. But drops of blood at every pore. Or, we

Timothy had over many of our children. we ought to keep in mind that when might go and stand with uncovered

Paul said to Timothy, "... from a child our Christianity comes in spots, then our heads and contrite hearts before the upthou hast known the holy scriptures, blessings will come in spots also. lifted cross upon that barren Judean

which are able to make thee wise unto So far as I know, the most thrilling, hill, while this thorncrowned Sufferer salvation through faith which is in exciting idea there is in the world is paid the last full measure of the price

Christ Jesus."Then he said, "All scripthat if we choose, we may live every of our redemption. How our appreciature is given by inspiration of God, and single one of these great commandments tion would be increased and our lives

is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for of God, and thereby we may make oursanctified by a sympathetic reliving of correction, for instruction in righteousselves payees on every one of these these great events which all took place ness:"(II Tim. 3:1516.) scriptural promissory notes. in our interest. We must not blame the

Think of the profit our lives would There is great inspiration in the Bible. people of that day alone for putting

show if we could absorb the lessons of Some time we express an important huJesus to death upon the cross. We must

the great parables, or the philosophy of man need by saying, "If only I had also bear our share of guilt. It was your

the Golden Rule, or the spirit of man's someone to give me a lift occasionally, sins and mine that made it necessary individual responsibility to God, or the someone to look up to. Someone to stir for him to volunteer his own death. But

stimulation contained in the doctrine of up my faith and wind up my enthunow the greatest opportunity of our lives eternal progression. Or, suppose that we siasm."The greatest need of most of is to see to it that his atonement was

get God's answers to life's great quesus is just for some plain, honestto- not made in vain.

tions including the one expressed by the goodness inspiration. When you feel Emerson once touched upon one of

rich young ruler when he asked, "Good such a need, suppose that you turn to our greatest presentday dangers when

Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal this great volume that someone has he said, "On the brink of an ocean of life?"(Luke 18:18.) called, "God's Who's Who"; that is, life and truth we are miserably dying.

There are some important "thou shalt the scriptures tell of the men who are Sometimes we are furthest away when nots,"in the Bible. The Lord has said important to God, and they are the ones we are closest by."Think how near

that there are some things that we just who can best upgrade our lives. Thomas they were who lived contemporaneously

must not do. Most of the Ten ComCarlyle once said, "You cannot look with Jesus. He walked among them.

mandments come in this category. The upon a great man without gaining someThey heard his teachings. They knew

Bible tells us of forbidden fruit, of forthing from him."Certainly you cannot of his miracles, and yet they were so

bidden ground, of forbidden desires, and study the lives of such towering figures far away. When Satan came among

forbidden thoughts. As Cecil B. De Mille as Abraham and Moses, Peter and Paul them saying, "Believe it not,"they prohas pointed out, "It is not possible for without being uplifted. nounced their own doom upon themus to break the Ten Commandments, we Through the Bible we may draw upon selves by saying, "His blood be upon us

can only break ourselves against them."the accumulated experiences of some of and our children."(Matt. 27:25.) And

There is a set of what someone has the greatest men who ever lived. A so it has been, and so it may be with us.

called "promissory notes"in the Bible. consistent student of the scripture gains We are so near. We have the great

Every commandment has a blessing at- a new power to think, to feel, and to scriptures. We have the judgment of

tached for faithful performance. But enjoy. It is a source of the most exquisite time shining upon the life of Christ.

the Lord has said, "I, the Lord am bound and enduring delight to have one's mind The gospel has been restored in a fulwhen ye do what I say; but when ye do stored with worthwhile thoughts, beauness never before known in the world.

not what I say, ye have no promise."tiful expressions, and stimulating ideals. We have the written testimony of many

(D&C 82:10.) He said, "I command Or, we may relive the great events of witnesses, both ancient and modern,

and men obey not; I revoke and they rethe Bible in our own lives. Suppose, and yet if we "believe it not"we may

ceive not the blessing."(Ibid., 58:32.) for example, that in imagination we be so far away. Even in this great age

That means that all blessings do not go and stand upon Mount Sinai where of wonders and enlightenment, Satan apply to us individually. Only those to the accompaniment of the lightnings is still inducing us to mark our souls

laws apply to us that we actually live; and thunders of that holy mountain with the contamination of inferior

for example, the Lord said through God gave Moses the law. We see the thoughts, whereas the greatest opporMalachi, "Bring ye all the tithes into great prophet as he came down from tunity of our lives is to read more and

the storehouse...,"then he promised, the presence of Jehovah with the glory study more and believe more and live

"and prove me now herewith... if I of God resting upon him with such more, that word of God which is still

will not open you the windows of intensity that the people could not abide able to make us wise unto salvation.

heaven, and pour you out a blessing, his presence. One of the most thrilling accomplishthat there shall not be room enough to Then in a moment we might choose ments that I can think of, is that as a

receive it."(Mai. 3:10.) But that does to pass over the next 1500 years and go Church and as a nation we may aspire

not apply to us, unless we pay our out onto the hills of Judea for the first to say out of a full understanding, "We tithing. Christmas, and with that angelic combelieve the Bible to be the word of

Suppose that we tear out of the Bible pany celebrate the most important event God."May we so order our lives that

those portions which do not apply to that ever occurred upon this earth, the this great accomplishment may be us personally. That is, if we do not birth of the Savior of the world. Then brought about, I pray in the name of

keep the Sabbath day holy, or if we fail suppose that we follow him during those Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1959 953 our confused and troubled world. In We may be tolerant because we realize

one of our Articles of Faith we claim that the enemy holds the field and that for ourselves, and freely accord to all resistance will be futile.

men, the untrammeled right to worship "Fourth, the tolerance of pure respect

God according to the dictates of confor man. We may be tolerant because

science. we respect even a man's right to think

Intolerance, one of the bitter fruits wrong, because we agree with Voltaire of ignorance and bigotry, has plagued when he wrote to Helvetius, 'I wholly

THE thebeenworldresponsiblefrom thefor beginningmuch of itsandsorrowhas disapprovedefend to theof deathwhat youryou rightsay, tobutsaywillit'

PHENOMENON and misery. Maurice Samuel, defender "Fifth, the tolerance of spiritual symtolerant because we OF MORMONISM ofthetheFossil:Jews, wrote in The Professor and pathy.feel a spiritualWe may comradeshipbe with the

is fine even if his Hugh B. Brown habit"For ofall killingpeoples,theirare, prophetsalas, in andthe manpropositionwhose ispurposefalse.

of the Council of teachers. The English martyred their "Sixth, the tolerance of an enlarged

the Twelve protestant teachers (having failed to view of truth. We may be tolerant bemartyr Wycliffe they desecrated his cause we have come to realize that truth

corpse), the French martyred Joan of is larger than any one man's conception

Arc, the Bohemian princes betrayed of it, even if we are the one man in

John Huss. If these do not rank among question."

the world's greatest, Socrates, put to The first three are mean; the last three

death by the Athenians, does."magnificent.

My brethren and sisters, and I hope When we think of historic intolerance, The early members of the Mormon our friends, who are present and who two names come immediately to mind. Church were forced to drink to its

are listening in, who are not members In chronological order, but not in the bitter dregs from the cup of prejudice of the Church, will permit me to inorder of importance, they are Socrates of and intolerance. They were mobbed, disclude them in that salutation, "brothers Athens and Jesus of Nazareth. They, possessed of their homes and properties,

and sisters,"because we believe in the of course, cannot be compared, but their beaten, imprisoned, banished, and some brotherhood of men under the Fatherexperiences illustrate the subject. of them, including their leaders, were

hood of God, and that Fatherhood which As we read in "Great Books of the murdered; the main charge against them

is universal. Western World,"the first named gave being that they were unorthodox, dared

Although I come to this assignment to Plato and Aristotle their lofty into question the teachings of other semiannually, it is always humbling spiration, and the name of Socrates has churches, and claimed new revelation.

and sometimes almost overwhelming. come down through the centuries as the John Stuart Mill, in his wellknown

But it is reassuring to know that one most virtuous man of his time. Yet he essay on liberty, said:

has the sympathy and prayers of this was convicted of impiety and immoral- "I cannot refrain from adding to these great congregation and, we hope, the ity, and he was condemned to die examples of the little account commonly interest of an even larger audience of mercifully by hemlock. made of human liberty, the language of

friendly listeners who are attending The second, the only perfect person downright persecution which breaks out conference by means of radio and telewho ever lived, took upon himself the from the press of this country whenever vision. sins of the world and suffered the igit feels called on to notice the remarkWe are mindful of the unseen audinominy of crucifixion—to him more able phenomenon of Mormonism."

ence and prayerfully attempt to assist agonizing than physical pain. He is Mill further called attention to the

all who seek a better understanding of now, after nearly twenty centuries, fact that such persecution, far from some phases of what has been called supreme above all others in moral being in any way countenanced by the the "Phenomenon of Mormonism."grandeur and to millions is revered as principle of liberty, was a direct infracIn the past, unfortunately, when the Only Begotten Son of God, the tion of that principle and was a mere

discussing basic religious questions, it Savior of the world. riveting of the chains of one half of the

was more difficult to find common These two, and many others since community and an emancipation of the ground of understanding than when their time, were rejected by their conother from reciprocity of obligation toconsidering, for instance, science or temporaries because they dared to quesward them.

philosophy. The prejudice of the past tion current belief, were impatient of History shows that not only indiclosed some minds to truth and made the status quo, and pioneered new areas viduals and smaller groups, but also

communication impossible. Victor Hugo of thought and teaching. governments and powerful church orpromised that "A day will come Phillips Brooks reminds us that there ganizations have been guilty of cruel

when the only battlefield will be the are different brands of tolerance. He intolerance toward those who differ

market open to commerce and the mind named six as follows: with them. The alleged universal

open to new ideas."Thank the Lord "First, the tolerance of pure indifferchurch resorted to violent acts of inthat day is dawning, at least in our ence. We may be tolerant because we tolerance and went to almost unwestern world. As A. Powell Davies do not care, because the issue at stake believable extremes in their attempts to

said, "The world is too dangerous for does not concern us. enforce adherence to the orthodox view.

anything but truth, and too small for "Second, the tolerance of policy. We By persecution, torture, expulsion, and

anything but brotherhood."may be tolerant because we think we extermination of socalled heretics they

I should like to enter a plea for would lose more than we gain by fightsought to stifle inquiry and investigafriendship, understanding, brotherhood, ing the man or the measure. tion, as though men could by fire and

and tolerance, all so badly needed in "Third, the tolerance of helplessness. sword be compelled to profess certain

The Christlike life is always a combination of earnest, personal

954 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA doctrines. The remarkable thing is that church which has the right of authority James version of the Holy Bible is in

they who first broke the yoke of that over the erroneous and heretical. This fact the word of God and that Jesus of

church were themselves unwilling to is, he says, in great and specious words Nazareth is in fact the Christ; that the

permit differences of religious opinion to say just nothing, for every church is prophecies recorded in the Bible conas soon as they became established. orthodox to itself. The decision as to cerning the last days are now in the

Unbridled power often breeds intolerwhich is right is a question which becourse of fulfilment; that a new disance and leads to tyranny. longs to the supreme judge of all men."pensation of the gospel has been given

The Christlike life is always a comSome traditionally orthodox churches to men and that the kingdom of God is bination of earnest, personal conviction have seemed to be concerned primarily now divinely organized on earth preand generous regard for the other man's with the perpetuation of conventional paratory to the coming of the kingdom opinion. Dedication to and defense of beliefs, formulas, rituals, and instituof heaven. This message, if it be true,

truth never require or justify breaking tions. They require meticulous conand to its truth we humbly testify, is

the second commandment to love our formity to traditional modes of belief the most important message that has fellow men. A divine code was given and ceremony. Their chief objective come to this world since the resurrection

by revelation for the guidance of all seems to have been to maintain the and ascension of the Savior of the who exercise authority. status quo. world. This may seem to some to be

"No power or influence can or ought But the Church of Jesus Christ, whenan extravagant statement but it refers to be maintained by virtue of the priestever organized on the earth, whether to a visit of the same glorified being hood, only by persuasion, by longduring the brief sojourn of the Savior who ascended into heaven with his suffering, by gentleness and meekness, in the Meridian of Time and the subseresurrected body in the presence of his and by love unfeigned; quent activities of his apostles, or since followers and of angels who promised

"By kindness, and pure knowledge, the restoration in the fulness of times, he would come again. He appeared to

which shall greatly enlarge the soul has always subjected traditional beliefs men in our time preparatory to his promwithout hypocrisy, and without guile and ritual to searching criticism in the ised second coming when he is to rule "Reproving betimes with sharpness, light of continued revelation and everand reign as King of kings and Lord of when moved upon by the Holy Ghost; increasing knowledge. Its inspired aplords.

and then showing forth afterwards an praisals of human and spiritual values We declare that God has intervened increase of love toward him whom thou go directly to the core of individual and in the affairs of men in anticipation of hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to social living here and now with a conthe final struggle against the hosts of be his enemy; stant reminder of the effect of such Hades, the AntiChrists, who are organ-

"That he may know that thy faithfulliving on the life hereafter. Its latterized and marshaled for war against

ness is stronger than the cords of death."day organization was preceded by a religion and God and all the principles

(D&C 121:4144.) sweeping indictment of sectarianism and of freedom, justice, love, and tolerance

However, the Church must not conthe creeds of the time and a proclamafor which the Savior died.

done evil or wrongdoing in the name tion of a new revelation from God. Coupled with this declaration of faith

of tolerance. It must not acquiesce or Criticism of traditional beliefs and in a personal God and in his nearness

become an accessory, even by silence, ritual has often been met by persecuto this world is a reaffirmation of the when error and sin are arrayed against tion rather than sound argument. Biblical doctrine that man was created

truth and righteousness. We must be When Jesus was on the earth, he in the image of God and therefore has

on guard against alien ideologies and was frequently met with objectors and a potential godlike status, with capacity subtle, subversive concepts, leading to hecklers who, looking backward, apto live and progress forever. We believe

immoral conduct and apostasy. Whenpealed to the law of Moses. His charin the essential dignity of man, that he

ever symptoms of apostasy appear in acteristic forwardlooking reply was, was intended by his Creator to be free propaganda or conduct, remedial meas- "It has been said by them of old... but and not a slave to any man or nation.

ures are applied. But when counsel, I say unto you...."In other words, he We shall never surrender to the belief

admonition, and instruction fail, the spoke with divine authority. He was that man is a soulless device made

Church has a duty to its members to concerned as we are with the individual, to serve a machine or a state. We betake positive action and either heal or with the social order, and with establieve that his freedom is, next to life

amputate malignant growths. lishing the kingdom of God on earth itself, his most precious gift. In fact,

The Savior said: "... if thy right preparatory to the coming of the man is willing to sacrifice his life to

eye offend thee, pluck it out, and cast kingdom of heaven. He invited his secure and preserve freedom.

it from thee: for it is profitable for thee listeners to put his teachings to the test We believe in the immortality of the

that one of thy members should perish, of actual experience, saying if any man soul; that death is integral to life, a

and not that thy whole body should be would do his will he would know of the phase of life, its continuance, not its cast into hell."(Matthew 5:29.) But doctrine. That is a continuing promise end; and that men who keep the comthe Church has no jurisdiction outside to all men everywhere. mandments of God need not fear death,

its own membership; nor does any In the spirit of friendship and brotherfor we shall, as Tennyson said, meet our

church have jurisdiction over any other. hood we ask our listeners to consider Pilot face to face when that which drew

Various churches stand in much the prayerfully our message, put our docfrom out the boundless deep turns again same relation to each other as private trines to the test of which Jesus spoke, home and we have "Crossed the Bar."

persons among themselves. As John and we promise you that you shall know Grant us peace, oh Lord, the peace

Locke said long ago: whether our doctrine is of God or merely which comes from understanding, from

"If any one of the churches has power of men. tolerance and brotherhood, from love

of treating the other ill, which of them Briefly the message of Mormonism is of our fellow men and love of thee, the is it to whom that power belongs, and that the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Lord. May thy kingdom come and thy

by what right? It will be answered Jacob is the true God, the Messiah of will be done on earth as it is in heaven,

undoubtedly that it is the orthodox the New Testament; that the King in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

conviction and generous regard for the other man's opinion."

M,

DECEMBER 1959 955 Session Sunday Afternoon not only from godless, imperial in comconfidence have youth, our We October 11, 1959 abroad, but also yes. munism from dangerBut face troubled we know they

ous ideologies and practices here at times. They are beset by many temptahome. tions—temptations, which, if not new,

CALL TO seemsIt is prosperous.true that outwardlyMore peopleeverythingare arelent,certainlythan evermorebefore.blatant, more prevaat higher enjoying wages and a it is important know for our how We

of living REPENTANCE workingbetter standard than ever beto youth possess clean in healthy minds fore in the history of our country. More clean bodies. "... be ye clean, that bear

of our people are enjoying travel, culthe vessels of the Lord."(Isaiah 52:11.)

Ezra Taft Benson tural and educational opportunities Moral purity is an eternal principle. The

of the Council of than any time in our history. New Spirit of God "cannot dwell in an unthe Twelve churches are being erected at a rapid clean tabernacle."Purity is lifegiving;

rate, and an increasing number of peoimpurity is deadly. God's holy laws

ple are churchaffiliated. Our nation cannot be broken with impunity. Great

is at peace. nations have fallen when they became

All these things should give a feeling morally corrupt, because the sins of imMy beloved brethren and sisters, of stability, inner assurance, and a sense morality left their people scarred and humbly and gratefully I approach this of satisfaction, but they do not seem to misshapen creatures who were unable to sobering responsibility. First, may I do so. Discontent among our people, face the challenge of their times.

I say that sustain all nationwide, welcome and to seems high. with be We I speak of aspect about this quesone

heart,, friend viewmy brother with alarm and the everrising my good level tion of all affects morality our which as a of the member of public Council private and of the debt and forces the youth. at are this There in work Twelve. President threat of inflation. Howard fear note Hunter with W. We country are today victimizing which

look can forward to the the increase sweetest in crime, assojuvenile delinof thousands our youth, undermany ciation known alcoholism, in this quency, addiction, among drug men and fiber, mining their their moral poisoning world. bless offenses. him. God minds. in is being spread There about

Sister With lip Benson of service pay and to two the principles our sexWe this land a veritable flood of obscene

I daughters, returned to in the shores embodied the of of Declaration Indephotographs, films "for private movie this blessed last land Friday. pendence the and Constitution without Two filthy showings,"books, socalled andweeks ago realizing today spent a glorious we they what Sabthe and danger comics drip that depravity with and bath with the Saints of ignoring friends in and them. West demand more areWe obscenity.

Berlin. of ago week and today more so spent government, A "governan we Every circulars day are 200,000 some inspiring all Sabbath larger grows with Saints the ment while, marking and

cities flooding our towns, to seeking and friends in Helsinki, the Finland. stampede repersonal from away

sell obscenity filth to and the American It is truly to sponsibility it is good all be at occurs levels which home, and is It people. a a busi- $500,000,000 year life."inspirationan of uplift passively and an contribute to to attend the We

fast. ness and sales growing volume The this great spirit I conference. demoralizing and of philosophy wish and How of mailorder obscenity in has doubled thatpray for of everyone "something the nothing."millions of

five last the years.

is people,good citizens sin of Because increasing, Russia rampant and and other communisticdominated nations, I make bold enough to call this nation Who are the targets of this drive?

could sit through one of the general to repentance. Only through righteousThree-fourths of these circulars are sent

conferences of the Church of Jesus Christ ness is there safety for our beloved to our youth. Our school children are

targets, the girls, our particuboys andof is Latterday Saints. country. There no other way. Sometime I would

larly ages of the between eleven and like speak against Today I out on to say more this subject of one of the communism. It would be inappropriate insidious and rapidly increasing threats sixteen.

for me to do so now. I feel a bit like against our young people. The United States Post Office departAlma of old, when he said, "O that I As a Church we have always placed ment estimates that between 700,000 and

were an angel, and could have the wish great emphasis on youth. Our young a million children in American homes

of mine heart."(Alma 29:1.) men, if worthy, receive the priesthood will receive unsolicited obscene and

pornographic literature through the brethren and sisters, at. twelve My age. years of I commend a We enlist

this year. mailsto the counsel you and the of percentage warnings higher boys in our young

that have been issued in the instructions scouting than any other group. We Our boys and girls need not have

of President David O. McKay and Presihave a comprehensive program, comshown any interest in this vile stuff. It

dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., on this subbining Sunday School, Primary, MIA, is thrust into their hands by racketeers

ject during this conference. I would add priesthood activities, and weekday semwho go to great lengths to get the

only one word, a word which I hope inary classes, to guide the activities of names of our children. They buy mailwe will never forget. Any system which our youth, instil within them a testiing lists from standard sources. They

denies the existence and power of God, mony of the gospel, and help them to get names from high school yearbooks which robs men of their Godgiven free grow up to be good citizens and faithful and classbooks. They set up fake busiagency, and which destroys the basic members of the Church. Yes, we recogness "fronts."A boy sends away for a

institution of the home, is of the evil nize full well that our boys and girls, model airplane, a baseball bat, a toy one. No true Latterday Saint can ever our young men and women, are our automobile, a stamp collection, often

become a part of any such system. greatest asset. They are our hope. advertised at bargain prices—and the

I know there are difficult days ahead, The youth of today are the trustees muck merchant has his name and adpolitically, economically, socially, and of the future. Sooner than we think dress on his list.

spiritually. But God rules this world. the leadership of the Church and the Then the solicitations begin.

He is at the helm. May he help us to future of our country will rest in their The smut dealers last year mailed out

be prepared for any eventuality. hands. It is our grave obligation to an estimated fifty million sales circuWe live in a choice land. But we help prepare American youth to be lars under the protection of firstclass

live in a time of anxiety—a time when worthy trustees, to help them fit themmail. Some of these circulars are in

the basic concepts and values of a free selves for their coming responsibilities. the form of pseudopersonal letters in

society, which we cherish, are being This is the obligation of every adult girl's handwriting, signed with a girl's seriously challenged. This challenge is citizen. name.

956 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The smut dealers go farther. They different parents, and bad companions. of filth to undermine the moral fiber

even seek to involve our youth as salesBut the wish is father of the deed. of our youth, the moral strength of our

men of their trash. One scheme is to Thought precedes action. We cannot nation?

sell our youngsters playing cards decohelp being influenced by what we read I believe I know what our pioneer rated with lewd pictures for perhaps and what we see. A dirty book, a filthy forefathers would have answered to these

$3.00 a deck—to be resold at 25c or 50c picture, may be the trigger that sets off questions.

a card. a terrible crime. And I think I know what you and

Many children fall into the trap of Reports from police chiefs and sheriffs other responsible citizens will answer.

ordering obscene material. Traffic with indicate the tieup. Here are typical They would have said, as we say today:

children is a major and growing part of statements from city officials in Massa- "Forbid it, Almighty God. We shall

the filth merchants'business. chusetts, Colorado, and Pennsylvania: not sit by any longer. We shall act in

Postal inspectors in New York City "Teenager criminally assaults 16defense of decency and order and in the recently raided one dealer in pornogyear-old girl. Search of his room rename of our country."

raphy. They confiscated seventeen vealed 50 pornographic pictures beneath Our government is striking with all

tons of highly obscene printed and his mattress."the weapons it possesses against the

filmed materials. They found mailing "Student molesting two teenage girls obscenity menace. Until last year, purlists containing the names of thousands found to have pornographic literature veyors of filth had to be prosecuted at

of high school graduates taken from in glove compartment of his car."the point from which they mailed their

high school yearbooks. Let me quote from a report of a Senate smut. This was a severe handicap to

Some parents are almost frantic besubcommittee that has studied this probprosecution. Courts, notably in Los

cause of their inability to keep this unlem. The report says in part: Angeles and New York, where the great

wanted material out of their homes. A "There is a peculiar resemblance to bulk of the mailorder business in obmother in a midwestern state writes to narcotics addiction in exposure of juvescenity originates, handed down soft

the Post Office department as follows: niles to pornography. There is the same rulings on obscenity. Few offenders

"Enclosed you will find the filth that pattern of progression. Once initiated were convicted, and these usually paid

has been sent to my son for the past into a knowledge of the unnatural, the a small fine and began operating again.

year. He is fourteen. Think what this impressionable young mind with the Legislation passed by Congress last

could do to him, and how many other insatiable curiosity characteristic of year has now made it possible to proseinnocent boys and girls he could corrupt those reaching for maturity inevitably cute where the mail is received.

this for passing literature stronger, to hunts somethingby them. on something first the prosecuted case under The

'jolt,'it?"toCan't stop with something do a imparting you more something Boise, in Idaho. law was new A man

thrill. greater parent Another in the writes: East his exwife, mailing were and who

like to this in dealer is acutely "Ads come pornography son "The minor my material tremely the west obscene from at the rate of one or two a week."aware of this progressive facet; his array coast, were given ten years in jail, plus

A lawyer tells how his son answered of material to feed this growing hunger a heavy fine.

is carefully in innocuous appearingan to national geared successive ad the a dealing Virginia his wife and A man stages. of narcotics, Like received the ofmagazine peddler a and obbatch to a obscenity in year sentenced were

isscene pictures his interest insure his for only order an to that and blank fined Penitentiary in the Federal and is list,more. are His 'hooked.'customers the that mailing on knows name He dealers Louisiana, In $2,000. more two

for are every nearly they will once 'hooked'they pornoand conan ad week filth a year in eighteen given were and tinue to ingraphic material pay."mail. the comes pay and The jail respectively. in months

I says, of are results directlawyer wife are beside These the and some "My is it is start. This a only But good as toourselves inof the to are stop this flood campaign. There smut how

start. a results, direct too.of children, mail."our Our

If full is to of government use make friends, horrified are the effects of this wives, the our be Now, what may it legislation, the needs and new must of victims criminalsmaterial are triggered youth? on our who

Juvenile delinquency has become a by obscene materials. have the cooperation of all our citizens

blot on our country. Gangs roam the Well, what is the response of the and especially of all our parents.

streets of some of our big cities. Arrests smut publishers and dealers to these The privacy of the mail is a basic

of juveniles for major crimes rose about facts? American right. It will not be violated.

ten percent last year. Authorities have Their attitude is summed up in some The Post Office cannot open firstclass

observed on repeated occasions that the such sentiment as this: My job is to mail even if it is certain the envelope

obscenity racket is a prime contributor make a dollar, not to look out for uncontains obscene material. The Post

to the increase in juvenile delinquency. stable children or adults. No wonder Office can act only if parents supply

FBI figures show that more boys of J. Edgar Hoover has said: the evidence after the mail has been

eighteen and nineteen are now com- "The activities of the muck merchants delivered. Here is what we as parents

mitting the heinous crime of rape, than are national in scope. Your child can can do, what we must do:

males in any other age group. The pereasily become one of their victims."1. If mail coming to your home is

centage of convictions of boys under What are we going to do about it? obscene, or solicits the sale of obscene

twenty has grown substantially in reShall we fold our arms, shake our heads materials: save all the material, includcent years. dismally, and do nothing? ing the covering envelope; put it

Now, of course, some people will argue Shall we permit organized crime to promptly in the hands of the local postthat many children exposed to these continue and extend the obscenity racket master either personally or by mail.

for this wait not to dangerpictures 2. Do never debooks and billion become dollar a year a half—already

your other parJoin home. withlinquent. argument has This no merit it really big and strike make business—and

ents, local teachers, law enforcement child to exposed beat all. Your vicious? immeasurably may more

tuberculosis or polio and never contract Shall we allow more and more of our officers, and civic groups in drawing either disease. Is this a reason for dechildren to be victimized, allow them public attention to the menace of this

liberately exposing children to infection? to be "hooked"by this menace to clean traffic in filth.

Of course not. and right living, this threat to moral 3. Work closely with teachers in your

It is true that people go wrong for purity? community to detect obscene materials

many reasons. Children become deShall we sit by and watch sex crimes in the possession of children and to delinquent in part because of such factors grow and grow in number and violence? termine the origin of such material.

as broken homes, drinking parents, inShall we permit these cheap peddlers 4. Join with other parents and teachDECEMBER 1959 957

ers in making a special effort to impress establishment of a decent literature cominterests of this nation which God has the upon the fact that community mittee, even broadly representative of the blessed all others. rise above must We

children are never to exposed who interested the civic organizations in the this task, to stand comup, and be counted obscene material may be victimized by munity. of the side decency. on must show We

sex criminals. 7. Get local judges, law enforcement lives actions that by our and we possess

5. Cooperate with the schools in officers, and representatives of the police the virtues that made America great.

taking positive, longrange steps to help force to talk before civic groups telling There will be those who will cry children develop wholesome interests in what they, as guardians of the com- "censorship"and "suppressing of freegood literature and art—making it readmunity's laws, know of the relationship dom of information."To these people

ily available to them at home, in the between the traffic in obscene literature there does not seem to be any difference classroom, literary through and library liberty and juvenile delinquency and sex between there and license—but clubs, and through student groups. crimes. difference. is a real It is not a denial

6. Help civic groups bring about the We must defend our youth, in the of liberty to forbid the sale of narcotics

of you, to be engaged in this wonderful organization of the Church of Jesus work of the Church. I am especially Christ of Latterday Saints—-the voice

THE thehappyprivilegeand gratefulof bringingthis myafternoonwife withfor ofsuccessfully,the people.the Ifconditionswe are goingof whichto meet,we

just heard, be it must because the of the rise shall CONSTITUTION merememberto this that,meeting.just aSomelittle ofmoreyou thanwill havevoice people deup in

two years ago, reporters came over from fense of honesty, integrity, righteousness, the Deseret for story and asked News correct a I living and conditions. think Antoine Ivins R. they could publish it is in the event she within the to of the people power

First the Council of pass would away. faith the bring that Through about once voice of the the the Seventy of and prayers of the Brethren, her through people could aroused. be so

faith and courage, she is still with us, Then I remember the two years or and for the whole time that I have been more I studied the constitution of a naMy brethren and sisters, you will myone sideof yourand servants,traveled shewithhasme stoodbeing bya tiontion inwhichwhich wasI was not,resident,as aours,constituthe pardon me if I say it has been great a nervous help support and a blessing and expression of the of the body people, but wait. Twentyeight years ago, to the at the people with constitution I have min- a whom gathered which out was

October conference, istered. I was sustained as For this of truly thankful. the I am ours and French Constitution and one of your Presidents I of the seventies also, am thankful regardless to of the adapted that nation. It has taken quorum. That is that this means the dangers that threaten us and the unholy than more years a hundred for those

fiftysixth I time have stood to here conditions bear that prevail, I live that in people to sense the import of theirmy testimony to you. I have to confess this nation. stitution. conthat while I like to bear testimony, Saturday my morning, this On I exbody once say, heard a "Democracy man the overwhelming sense of responsibility ercised privilege the is of is expressing not written what of a piece on

is almost I more I than stand. can seek approval and acceptance of is officers It the paper. is the expression of what

therefore, interest your and listed faith your the Presidency of by the Church. of the within heart men."country Our and your prayers that I It perchance was of the voice may the into just existence that came in way, people—President drop a or word that two be it, may Clark comexpressed as the is Doctrine that and the in resident power the people

forting to us. does, Covenants as the consent right common every and that privilege every and

this happy afternoon I am to of be one the is people. is basic in That the that is to given officers our conces- a

THE STICK voiceHis wisdom,of Presidenthis kindlyStephenpersuasion,L Richards.his shallPsalmist:neither". slumber.. he thatnor sleep."keepeth(PsalmIsrael

OF JOSEPH spirationunfailing tocourtesyme, andwereI shallalwaysbe eternallyan in121:4.)I wish to say a few words in furthergrateful to him. ance of the theme set before us by Presi-

I rejoice in the appointment of President in the opening of address B. Gordon Hinckley dent D. as Henry Moyle a of the member I conference—"PreachMcKay the Word."Assistant to the First Council the I Presidency. grateful for of have am facilities great the one in mind of the Twelve the of opportunity working his under available to in us carrying forth this

My dear brethren and sisters, I seek directiongram of thein Church.the great I missionarypledge him promy assignment.The other day in a stake conference,

the direction of the Lord that the things loyalty and my energy. I heard an officer of the Air Force stand

I say may be in harmony with the in- I rejoice likewise in the appointment before the group and tell of the circumspirational things to which we have of Howard W. Hunter to the Council of stances surrounding his coming into the

listened these past three days. the Twelve. Church. He said in substance:

This has been a marvelous conference. I am satisfied that the Lord guides "I had a date with a lovely young

I have missed one voice. That is the this work. I echo the words of the woman. When I called for her, I noticed

958 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA or alcohol to children, and neither is it We cannot steer a safe course without Cornelia called to her children to step a denial of liberty to ban the distribu- a compass. We cannot build an endurforward. "These are my jewels,"she

tion of filthy, obscene, character deing society except on principles of said.

stroying materials. righteousness. The youth of the Church and of

There has developed in this country, As Dr. Daniel A. Poling recently wrote America are our jewels. Let us prize

I am sorry to say, a species of socalled in the Christian Herald, "It's time for a them as they deserve. A clean America

"broadmindedness"which tolerates anynew crusade,"a crusade for decency. will be a strong America, a secure

thing and everything. It is high time The youth of the Church and of America, a prosperous America, a peaceright-thinking citizens showed they are America deserve that we parents live ful America, a free America, an America

fed up with such false broadmindedness. up to our responsibilities in this regard. that will continue to merit God's bless-

I, for one, fail to see where this socalled Many centuries ago, a celebrated ings in the future as it has in the past.

"tolerance"of evil has made society Roman matron, Cornelia, was asked by God grant it may be so, I humbly any better or individuals any happier. an acquaintance to display her jewels. pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

sion, a direct concession from the people. curse of which we have heard, it would expression to realize that he now is

I remember reading about when in the in a great measure be reduced if not assuming a part of his rights in the MelMagna Charta, the right of kings was eradicated. [See conference address of chizedek Priesthood of the Church.

circumscribed in Great Britain, the voice Ezra Taft Benson] We have so many of those men, of the people determined that certain I fear, brethren and sisters, that we brethren and sisters, who are slow in things only could be exercised, even by approach these topics with too much understanding the advantages of it. If

men who claimed that they presided by apathy. We hardly realize the power we could add that hundred thousand

divine right, the divine right of kings. that there is in the organization which men to the number who hold the MclThat voice, brethren and sisters, has we have. Even though it be small in chizedek Priesthod now, there is no quescome down to us. It was the voice which numbers compared to the total population but that we could influence, very

produced the Constitution of the United tion of the United States, it could exergreatly, a reduction in these things of

States of America, the grandest country cise a tremendous influence, and does, as which we have heard.

in the world, and with all its short- a matter of fact, for righteousness I do not care to talk a long while this comings, and with all the evil that there throughout the country. afternoon, brethren and sisters, but I

is in it, I believe that it comes the nearest I wish that we could appreciate it, do want to express to you my love and to being a civil government that is in that we could fully magnify it. Some of appreciation for our leaders and to hope

harmony with the principles that govern us are very late in coming to an underthat I may always be able to sustain in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterstanding of our privileges. Just after them and uphold their hands, and may

day Saints. With us the power is resithe morning meeting I was made very I be able yet many years to mingle with

dent in the priesthood and in the voice happy by a brother who came to me you brethren and sisters and do what of the people. If we could bring our and told me that his father had recently I can to help with the organizations of

priesthood to a proper appreciation of been able, eager, and willing to gather the Church with which we deal.

its function, its privilege, we could deterhis family together with him and have May God bless us all, may he mine these things. Just think that last his endowments in the temple. That strengthen us, give us courage, may he

evening nearly 50,000 holders of the man has been a friend of mine over the give us a proper understanding and appriesthood scattered all over these United years. Just why he never came along preciation of the source of power in

States, heard the proceedings of the before, I do not know. I know that I these United States, and the reasons for

priesthood meeting. If each one of that have loved him and honored him and the Constitution, so that we may be will50,000 persons who heard could rise up befriended him in our association over ing to support it and sustain it, I pray, in

in righteous indignation against this the years, and I am happy beyond the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

on the table a copy of the Book of MorBrethren and sisters, if there are Faced with its presence, but unwilling mon. I had never heard of it before. I miracles among us, certainly one of to believe the story of its coming forth,

began to read. I became interested. I them is this book. Unbelievers may they have sought an explanation for it,

secured a copy of the book and read it doubt the First Vision and say there other than the one given by the Prophet through. were no witnesses to prove it. Critics that it was engraven on golden plates

"I had only the traditional idea of may scorn every divine manifestation by ancient prophethistorians, and that

God and Jesus Christ. I had never incident to the coming forth of this work their record was revealed and translated

given serious thought to the matter. as being of such an intangible nature by the gift and power of God.

But as I read this book there came into as to be unprovable to the pragmatic The Book of Mormon was first printed my mind light and understanding of mind, as if the things of God could be on a little handoperated flatbed press eternal truths, and into my heart a understood other than by the Spirit of in a backwoods village of New York in testimony that God is our Eternal Father, God. They may discount our theology. the year 1830. From that first edition,

and that Jesus is our Savior."But they cannot in honesty dismiss the while critics have published volume

I am confident that the experience of Book of Mormon. It is here. They can after volume in an effort to discredit

this man who was influenced by the feel it. They can read it. They can the Prophet's story, the book has gone

Book of Mormon is similar to that of weigh its substance and its content. through one edition after another. From

many others of our people. They can witness its influence. English it has been translated into

DECEMBER 1959 959 thirtyone other languages, and printed fies in a description unexcelled in all it prayerfully, be they rich or poor, in twenty of these. literature. learned or unlearned, have grown under

While its detractors have called it If the Book of Mormon is true, then its power.

blasphemous, the work of a paranoiac, Jesus is verily our Redeemer, the Savior Let me tell you of a letter which we the outpouring of a mythmaker, the reof the world. The great purpose of its received a few years ago. A man wrote

sult of a man's environment, the book preservation and coming forth, according saying in substance: "I am in a federal

has gone forth to change for good the to its own statement, is "to the convincreformatory in Ohio. I recently came

lives of men and women in a score of ing of the Jew and the Gentile that across a copy of the Book of Mormon nations. What a concourse of the peoJesus is the Christ, the Eternal God, in the prison library. I have read it,

ple of the earth we would have if all manifesting himself unto all nations."and when I read Mormon's lamentation,of those who have read this book and (See title page of the Book of Mormon.) over his fallen people—'O ye fair ones,

been influenced by its message were If the Book of Mormon is true, then how could ye have departed from the gathered together in one place. this land is choice above all other lands, ways of the Lord, how could ye have

The first edition was comprised of but if it is to remain such the inhabitants rejected that Jesus, who stood with open 5,000 volumes. That edition met all of the land must worship the God of the arms to receive you! Behold, if ye had

this, Christ. land, the Jesus Lord hisnot not done have ye would The of years. for I thinkdemands a number

...'great told fallen. nations, 6:1718.) with of two (Mormon When interested to that durtoriesyou know may be

ing the first nine months of this year, warning in this sacred volume, indicate I read this I felt that Mormon was more than 350,000 copies were sold in that while we must have science, while talking to me. Can I get a copy of that

English alone. I am satisfied that by we must have education, while we must book?"

the close of the year we shall have sold have arms, we must also have righteousWe sent him a copy. He walked in

more than 500,000 copies of the Book of ness if we are to merit the protection of the office some months later, a changed

Mormon in various languages, all within God, as Brother Benson has so eloquently man. I am happy to report that a boy

a period of a single year. We now disindicated here this afternoon. who had stolen gasoline, and then

tribute every three or four days, more If the Book of Mormon is true, Joseph stolen automobiles, and then done other copies than were included in the entire Smith was a Prophet of God, for he was things until finally he was placed in a first edition. the instrument in the hands of God in federal reformatory, was touched by the

this light spirit of to bringing this testimony report the of book, the today and Brigconverted book which same The is of redivinity Lord. our successful is that a man, he now Richards, Willard Orson Young,ham

is is If true, habilitated, living O. this book earning a David honestly McKay Pratt, of others Parley andand many

all of for keys, prophet, holds for he the coast in himself family a west a and is also of leaders earlythe the Church, gifts, city. authority powers, held the by and in in people theconverting Germany,

British Isles, in Finland, in Japan, in the Prophet Joseph who brought forth Such has been the power of this great this lives latterday in work. of the those read book have who else and whereverTonga, and men

I if is it repeat, of the prayerfully. Book Mormon it prayerfully reading are andwomen

is I it true, true, for is the the give that testimony Church same you my of intent. real promisewith The

I this rectrue. sacred authority under of witness which the by That know folloneliness, in his writtenMoroni,

is light to present ord that manithe Ghost, and came to knowledge and Holy is his of destruction people, thelowing is is It fest restoration certain. a today. us among me day. everybeing fulfilled

set of in the the Savior did write not Sidney it. Oliver Church up by Rigdon

Each time we encourage a man to Palestine. It is a restoration of the Cowdery did not write it. It is not the

aread the him Book we do of Mormon result or of a dissociated by the Savior he set up of a paranoiac Church when

Iffavor. it prayerfully with and he reads as set this visited in personality, said. forth continent It is not as some have

a sincere desire to know the truth, he this sacred record. the product of a mythmaker. It is not

of thewill power Holy by the know is If true, of result of the the of the the environment a Book farm Mormon is true. that the book fromGhost And is true. Bible Bible in York. is the western grew boy Testament up The who New con- a will therethat flow knowledge of the did write it. not World. Book the He, Old of MorJoseph Smith The

viction of the truth of many other things. mon is the Testament of the New. The Prophet of this dispensation, translated

For if the Book of Mormon is true, one is the record of Judah, the other is the writings of prophets of old under the then God lives. Testimony upon testithe record of Joseph, and they have power of God, to testify in our day.

mony runs through its pages of the come together in the hand of the Lord We invite all men everywhere to read solemn fact that our Father is real, that in fulfilment of the prophecy of Ezekiel. it. Its witness lies within itself.

he is personal, that he loves his children Together they declare the Kingship of I so testify. This marvelous record,

and seeks their happiness. the Redeemer of the world, and the preserved over fourteen centuries, has

If the Book of Mormon is true, then reality of his kingdom. confirmed my faith in God, in my ReJesus is the Son of God, the Only BeHere is a voice that has spoken from deemer, in the land in which I live, in

gotten of the Father in the flesh, born the dust with a familiar spirit, and the work of which I am a part. I leave

of Mary, "a virgin most beautiful above touched the hearts of men and women you my witness in the name of Jesus all other virgins,"for the book so testiin many lands. Those who have read Christ. Amen.

OF JOY

by Lee Avery

Happiness is a thing of here and now, That knows past beauties, breathes a future rose,

The bright leaf in the hand, the moment's sun, Anticipates the spring, though deep in snows,

The work accomplished, or the summit won; That lifts the bird more surely than its wing.

The sweet fruition, not the why or how. When things go smoothly, happiness may start;

Joy is a buoyant, lilting kind of thing But joy is secret smiling in the heart.

960 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Scripturizers memorization cards are for

missionaries.. sunday school. speaking aids family night.

cottage meeting talks and recitation talk outlines spiritual thoughts preparation

*iSBsSSSBB9Kf$i,f

%w **JIS5

SCRIPTURIZERS, Vr. MEMOR|ZATjON CARDS Scripturizers are a

compilation of the most pertinent L.D.S. scriptures

The ideal Christmas gift for missionaries, friends, and -Z Co. investigators. DeseretSBooh

44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah &i

DESERET BOOK COMPANY Scripturizer cards are printed on individual 3x5 44 East South Temple inch index size cards, each card is carefully titled, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed find ( ) check ( ) money crossreferenced and indexed—used for scripture

memorization, talk preparation and Gospel study. order ( ) I have an account please charge

The best tool for your self improvement. Amount enclosed $ for set encircled.

Set A (300 cards) -2.95 Set B (500 cards) 4.95

Name.

Two sets of Scripturizer Memorization Cards are Address available...State... Zone City. Set "A"—300 Cards—2.95 include 2Vi% Residents of Utah Set "B"—500 Cards—4.95 sales tax

DECEMBER 1959 961 are. for eternity. sealed married and my plans We what WHAT IS IN here in Salt Lake City where we were give is that I have not yet been told three sons, one have had you to I want of whom was MY HEART called home in infancy. Our second firm, uncompromisingknow convictionthat I havethata

son, having completed a mission in God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, that

Australia, is now in his last year at the gospel was restored in this latter

Howard W. Hunter Brigham Young University. He mardispensation by the instrumentality of

of the Council of ried his sweetheart in the temple and the Prophet Joseph Smith. I have an

the Twelve caused us to become grandparents just abiding conviction of the truthfulness a few days ago. Our other son is now of this fact and that our President, whom

I do not know what one should say serving in Australia in the mission field. we sustained at this conference, holds

who has been so newly called and We have been grateful for our home those same keys, powers, and authority.

sustained, so I will tell you what is in and the fact that our boys have stayed I do not apologize for the tears that my heart this afternoon. close to the program of the Church. come to my eyes on this occasion because

I love the Church. I want you to My wife has been a sweet and loving I believe that I face friends, my brethren

know that I love our great leader, Presicompanion and has always sustained me and sisters in the Church, whose hearts dent McKay, and with all my heart in the callings which have come to me. beat the same as mine today, in the

and soul I sustain him as prophet, seer, I had the privilege of serving as a thrill of the gospel and in service to and revelator. And I sustain President bishop in the Church for a little more others.

Clark and President Moyle, President than six years. I am grateful for the President McKay, I want you to know,

Smith, the President of the Council of people of that ward and the lessons they and all of the membership of the Church the Twelve, each individual member of taught me and the opportunities that to know, that I accept, without reservathat Council, and all of the General came to me. For nearly ten years I have tion, the call which you have made of

Authorities. served as president of the Pasadena Stake me, and I am willing to devote my life

Not many of you know me, so perin California. Again I am grateful for and all that I have to this service. Sister

haps you would permit me to be just those people, for their love and their Hunter joins me in this pledge.

a little bit personal this afternoon. I affection, for their sustaining influence, May I request today your prayers on

have lived most of my life in California, for the counselors that have worked with my behalf, for I know that only with having been born in Boise, Idaho, and me. I am grateful to the Church for the help of my Heavenly Father, can I

having lived there until I was graduated all of these things and what it has meet the challenge and develop those from high school. meant to us in our life. qualities which distinguish the other

I am grateful for a humble home, for Before I was graduated from law members of this council from men of modest circumstances, for my father and school, three boys were born to us. Since the world.

my mother, both of whom reside in that time I have been engaged in the I am grateful. I bear my testimony

California. private practice of law—until yesterday. to you humbly. May we go forward toIt was in California that I met my Somebody asked me yesterday what my gether in righteousness, I humbly pray,

companion. We came to the temple plans are, and the only answer I could in Jesus'name. Amen.

and the day before, in your testimonies That is one great truth to which you is physical, that man is a dual being—he A WORD IN appetites, just passions, desires, has his haveence—thatbornemantestimonyis spirit,inthethisson conferof his PARTING as any animal has, but he is also a Father, and has within him that which

spiritual being, and he knows that to will cause him to yearn and to aspire to subdue the animal instincts is to achieve become dignified as a son of God should

President aadvancementman who isinsubjectedhis spiritualto hisrealm;physicalthat thebe dignified.degradationTheof man,dignityhas beenof man,emphanot

David O. McKay appetites and passions only, who denies sized throughout this conference.

any reality of a spirit, is truly of the Another false ideal which has been animal world; that man is a spiritual mentioned as rampant by a small group

And now, my brethren and sisters, being, and his real life is the spirit that of men, controlling millions now, is the just a word in parting. inhabits his body. denial of the existence of a Creator, that

This has truly been a great conference. ExPresident Adams was right, when there is no God. The man who repreWe have met during a critical time in he was accosted on the streets of Bossents that group was recently enterthe history of our own great country ton one day and was asked, "How is tained in this nation. Just before he

and the history of the world. I have John Quincy Adams today?"and he came he declared over his own signature

been impressed with the answer that answered, as he tottered along with his that he is still an atheist and will conyou have given through the Brethren cane, "John Quincy Adams is well, tinue to be, and will fight religion as here and through your acceptance, to thank you, quite well. But the house an "opiate"to the human mind.

some of the false ideologies and teachin which he lives is tottering on its Every man who stood at this pulpit, ings that are rampant in the world. One foundations, the windows are shaking, I think without exception, has borne

of those is, that man is not a spiritual the roof is leaking, the doors are not witness that God lives, and he knows being, but that he is just as any other hanging straight, and so on, and I think that he lives. And there has been quoted

animal, subject to his passions, subject that John Quincy Adams will have to the evidence of men who have lived to his yearnings, desires, and justified in move out of it soon. But John Quincy through the ages who have borne that

achieving his ambitions no matter how Adams himself is quite well, I thank you, same testimony. And they are honorable

many others may suffer in that achievequite well."He sensed that the real men. They are honest men. They

ment. John Quincy Adams was an immortal would not lie. They sent their written

You have said today and yesterday being, a son of a Father in heaven. messages to people whom they loved, as

962 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wellknown construction superintendent Frank Lemperle with volunteer workers at site of new church building.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, f "JPisnr%m*v*! ''\

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

DECEMBER 1959 963 you and I love our loved ones, our ture of the state, that the state is supreme, "Don't count as possessions your silver children, our husbands, and our wives. that the state can tell what you should and gold;

Paul sent his letter saying, "For I dedo, what you should not do. Man is a Tomorrow you leave these behind;

livered unto you first of all that which I spiritual being and has within him as And all that is yours to have and to hold also received, how that Christ died for a gift from God, his Creator, the power Is the service you've given mankind."

our sins according to the scriptures; of choice. Part of man's divinity, part Anon.

"And that he was buried, and that he of his spiritbeing, is the power to rose again the third day according to choose—the only creature on earth that Quoted from Gospel Ideals, page 58.

the scriptures: has that power. It is Godgiven. Men

"And that he was seen of Cephas, who will deny him that, take from him That is true, but to you it is not all then of the twelve: part of his divinity. You have answered that you take home to God, because

"After that, he was seen of above five that. Your testimonies are now on you take home to him your character,

hundred brethren at once; of whom the record. and he will judge you accordingly, and

greater part will take present,"remain unto this you to him, if you have Another testihome have borne as through been worthily, temple the your can see to say, "You[as much to throughout thing—youthis conference them mony the

and converse with them"] "but some are right of the family, its influence and loved ones.

fallen asleep. fundamental contribution as a unit to Now these are just some of the

"After that, he was seen of James; the state. The family is the foundation thoughts that came at the conclusion

then of all the apostles. of the state and should not be broken of this great conference.

"And last of all he was seen of me up. In China where they love their Yours is a great mission. Our thanks

also, as of one born out of due time. children and where they train them and to God our Father for it. Our member-

"For I am the least of the apostles, teach them to be obedient, where the ship in his Church, and our privilege that am not meet to be called an apostle, children respect their parents and obey of association in the brotherhood of because I persecuted the church of God."their parents, the family is broken up Christ cannot be overstated. Morning,

(I Cor. 15:3-9.) now, and they have to meet in comnoon, and night, all through our lives

But he bore his testimony and gave munistic groups. They will not stand our souls are filled with gratitude for

his life for this testimony and was happy for that very long; they will break away the blessings that are ours in our assoin doing it. from it. You, during this conference, ciations in the Church of Jesus Christ.

One of the Brethren quoted him today, have borne testimony to the sacredness It is a glorious opportunity!

from his last letter to Timothy: of the family, the father and the mother Now, my brethren and sisters, I bless

"I have fought a good fight, I have and the children. You have borne testiyou with increased testimony of God's

finished my course, I have kept the mony of the responsibility of the father existence, increased testimony of the faith. and the mother to train those children divinity of Christ's mission, his life,

"Henceforth there is laid up for me a in the ways of the Lord, teach them his death, his establishing of the gospel;

crown of righteousness, which the Lord, baptism and repentance, or the responsiwith increased testimony of the value the righteous judge, shall give me at that bility will be "upon the heads of the of the individual—oh, how important

day: and not to me only, but unto all parents."and how glorious—how full of signifithem also that love his appearing."(II Furthermore, you have borne testicance are the glorious words, "For beTim. 4:7-8.) mony to the world that man is not hold, this is my work,"said the Lord,

Thank heaven there are hundreds living for himself, that his selfish desires "and my glory—to bring to pass the

and thousands who believe that testishould be overcome and controlled, and immortality and eternal life of man."

mony and repudiate the claims of the he should render service to others. One (Moses 1:39.) Is not that wonderful?

atheists who boast that man is his own of the greatest sayings of Jesus when he What would this old earth be if there god, and have already poisoned the was among the Twelve during his twowere no human beings on earth, even of of generationminds if a young and and-a-half years there here, men rocks, were no that was the one animals—only

this, startedwomen. as They some shores, the of touched barren that the rolling principle: upon same "He seas—noyou will forty years remember, ago, life,.."life that it.. findeth and his beings? shall lose a no human wonWhat

during that forty years they have [that is the selfish part] "and he that derful statement, what a wonderful repoisoned those young boys and girls with loseth his life for my sake shall find it."ligious revelation to the human family:

the thought that there is no God. (Matt. 10:39.) A paradoxical state- "This is my work and my glory—to bring

At the conclusion of this session toment, but oh, how true. You have had to pass the immortality and eternal

day, I wish to emphasize the fact that an evidence of it here today when Elder life"of each individual.

this great conference has testified to the Hunter said, "I give my life now for the God help us so to live that we may hundreds of thousands listening in, and service,"the same with these other aposbe found worthy to hear from him theall the world—for these testimonies will tles, the same with all the General Auwhisperings of his Spirit, the whisperbe printed—that God lives and furtherthorities of the Church, with all the ing of his voice, as he guides us and

more, that Jesus is his Beloved Son, the congregation, with thousands and hunwarns us and tells us what to do in

Savior of the world, and those who have dreds of thousands throughout the world order to come back and help him crown seen Jesus, who walked with him, who who have accepted the gospel of Jesus his glory.

testify of him, as I have narrated, heard Christ. You are willing to lose your That is a wonderful saying of Peter's,

him say, "he that hath seen me hath life—that is, to devote your time and the rough old fisherman, when after

seen the Father."your talents and your strength for his two years and more, after he had a

You remember during the Last Supper, sake; and in so doing you will find your testimony in his heart that God lives,

Philip said to Jesus, "Lord shew us the life. that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, he

Father."And his answer was, "Have I I often quote a man who was imwrote to the people over whom he was

been so long time with you, and yet hast pressed with that great principle, who presiding and used the phrase, which thou not known me, Philip?... and wrote I wish all of you would think about

how sayest thou then, Shew us the and cherish, that God has made us

Father?"(John 14:8-9.) "Supposing today were your last day on "partakers of the divine nature."Read

We have given an answer to the earth, it in his epistle.

world. I think it is glorious. The last mile of the journey you've trod; And I hope you brethren, presidents

Furthermore, you have given an anAfter all of your efforts, how much are of stakes, bishops of wards, and you swer to the false teachings that man is you worth? who preside over missions, auxiliaries,

not a free individual, that he is a creaHow much can you take home to God? priesthood quorums, will some day ap964 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Everybody watches channel 5

and the reason this season is the fine

family fare on five. There's something

for you and everyone else at the five spot on your TV dial.

KSLTV channel 5 Salt Lake City, Utah

DECEMBER 1959 965

preciate, every one of you, just what those little things which make life or praiseworthy, we seek after these that means, to be in touch with that sweet. Let us be kind in our homes. things."

divine nature through Ghost. the Holy is kindness. gospel the spirit of to sanctify I pray The to our good God bless in your homes. you God Do

considerate. of Let us Let to the be listened us be and good all who have cross. courteous.not be the Be Have

same courtesy in your homes that you true. "We believe in being honest, true, in this day and to the Church everyhave when you are out in society. chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in dowhere, the blessings and testimonies of

Thank your wives, thank your children, ing good to all men;... If there is anythis great conference, in the name of

say, "if you please,""excuse me,"thing virtuous, lovely, or of good report Jesus Christ. Amen.

Kayaks Down the Nile native food vendors and came up apiece, then, hot and sweaty from with some real bargains: one our efforts, we sat on the old boat's

( Continued from page 903 chicken, 17c; two bushels of oranges, rotting gangplank, anxiously scanextra boat. The captain's young 30c; one stalk of bananas, 14c; one ning the river, some 500 yards wide,

African clerk, an educated Bunyoro, large papaya ( an eight pounder ), 3c; for sight of the expedition's memaccompanied Andre and me on a 2 dozen eggs, 14c; 11 bunches bers.

tour of the first camp to introduce of confectionsweet "lady fingers"Our spirits sank as the morning us around and help us out on the (small slender bananas), 15c; 5 wore on and the Africans failed to

language problem. Andre and I pounds of onions, 25c; and 5 pounds appear. After fidgeting for hours I

had studied Swahili, the Esperanto of beans, 20c. (Prices are U.S. decided to find out for myself the

of East Africa, prior to the expediequivalents since all transactions cause of their delay. With the help

tion and had since augmented our were in British cents: 100 cents equal of the captain's clerk, I finally lovocabulary considerably, but still it one shilling, and one shilling cated them at their camp downwas comforting to have a native inequals 14 cents, U.S.) stream. After questioning them the

terpreter along who spoke the local Already two weeks behind schedclerk came up with this startling dialect to back us up. The Bunyoros ule we began getting eager to get explanation. Some of the native

are a tribe of proud, carefree waterunderway again. On the third day fishermen had convinced Oumu that

lovers, full of the joy of living, and we began seriously entertaining the he was foolish to undertake the trip among the finest boatmen in Africa. lastditch alternative of taking turns with us, that white men just didn't

Down on the river bank we watched at doubling up in one of the kayaks, do such things as paddle all the way several husky tribesmen, naked save but the port captain settled the to Masindi, especially with Africans, for loincloths, at work putting finishproblem when he presented to us and that we probably planned to ing touches on a long, sleek racing two grinning Jaluo natives who were kill him and Gabrini and steal the pirogue, skilfully carved from a willing to make the 106 mile river dugout, etc. Between the two of us

single jungle tree, and painted with safari to Masindi Port in their big we managed, after much reasoning festive green and red designs. Other m'tumbi—for a price. The owner of and reassuring, to convince them

Bunyoros sat on the ground mendthe dugout, a tall strapping native that we had no daggers up our ing fish nets, their muscular bodies, with the name of Oumu, acted as sleeves and meant them no harm.

glistening with sweat, shone like spokesman, while his short, mildThey finally consented to put their polished ebony. Hardly pausing in mannered partner, Gabrini, stood trust in us and go through with their

their work, the fishermen politely but silent and solemn by his side. As we agreement.

firmly turned down our most genexpected, the asking price was beEruptions of lightning played erous offers, informing us they were yond all reason by African standards, across the leaden skies and thunder much too occupied with fishing to but after a friendly haggling, during rumbled overhead, as we transported take time off for such a long trip. which time my limited Swahili vothe remains of Andre's kayak and

We received the same response cabulary was given an exhausting the rest of our baggage into the from all other Bunyoros we sought workout, we finally agreed on a pirogue, then pushed off, with the out around Namasagali. The inderecompense of two khaki shirts, a port captain and the populace of

pendent and unmercenary Africans twocell flashlight, and thirtyfive Namasagali entrenched on the bank simply were not interested, though shillings ($4.90) cash. We shook to see us off. Our small flotilla made

our offer of compensation was more hands all around and they left, with a colorful sight on the river, the two than triple what they normally could the understanding that they would satellite kayaks of Jean and Andre have expected to earn by working meet us for an early start the next nimbly leading the way for the for a white man. morning. I spent the rest of the day cumbersome m'tumbi, with Oumu in

We hadn't anticipated any trouble buying supplies of rice, beans, and the stern and Gabrini and me in locating a dugout to supplant fruit for the trip. paddling in the waist.

Andre's boat, but three days of Arising at dawn the three of us We had proceeded less than two scouring the country failed to proeagerly assembled our two good miles when the brewing storm duce one that was available. kayaks under the scrutiny of twostruck, drenching us completely. It

After we were settled aboard our dozen Bunyoros, set them in the was a strange sight—the heavy downnautical headquarters on our first river next to the steamer, loaded pour advancing over the calm river,

day in Namasagali, I canvassed the them with their cargo of five bags the path of the pelting raindrops

966 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mmWORKS FOR COPPER'S FUTURE

A tiny bit of copper flares into brilliant flame at Kennecott's Research Center in Salt Lake City. Light from the flame

is diffracted and photographed. From

this will come a precise analysis of the impurities in the metal. This is called

spectrograph analysis. It is one of the

vital tools in the search for refining methods that will help Kennecott meet the evergrowing demand for highpurity copper. This project, like all research at the Center, is working for

Kennecott's future.

The Research Center is striving for increased recovery of copper from low grade ore and increased recovery of byproducts from Kennecott's mines. In

addition, basic research is being conducted to increase present ore reserves, develop new ore bodies and develop new processes for treating new ores.

The achievement of any of these goals will play an important part in keeping Kennecott a productive business in our state. Increased recovery of

copper would help lengthen the life of the great open pit mine at Bingham

Canyon. Increased recovery of bypro-

ducts would help offset the problem of rising production costs. And expansion

of ore bodies along with processes for treating new ores could open the door to new metal producing activities.

Because today's methods will not be good enough for tomorrow's operations, research is Kennecott's investment in its own future. It is also an investment

that can pay dividends to the economy

Of Utah.

Utah CopperDivision i Kennecott Copper Corporation PROUD TO BE PART OF A GROWING UTAH

DECEMBER 1959 967 clearly delineated on the water and we spread it beside the campfire each other, giggle hysterically, then giving the appearance of some sort to air and dry out, then took refuge turn away and cover their faces with of weird "death ray"irresistibly in the small warehouse, where we their hands. I quickly abandoned

sweeping towards us. enveloped ourselves in our sleeping this tactic and concentrated my atAn hour of intense but cooling bags so as not to expose any part of tention on their more sophisticated

rain, then the equatorial squall us to the hungry attentions of the husband. After a few minutes we

ceased, the churning masses of dark swarming mosquitoes. were joined by an ancient African,

clouds moved off into the distance. The next day Jean took his turn in wrinkled and emaciated as a mumWe paddled on, past banks wild with the dugout, and Andre and I took to my. Ignoring us completely, the

rank vegetation and bordered with the kayaks. Before we left, Oumu old gentleman creaked over to a

dense masses of papyri, under a rigged a crude sail on his pirogue to corner of the hut, where he painbright, cloudless sky until sundown, take advantage of a southerly breeze fully lowered himself to the ground, when we pulled in at an old dewhich sprang up at dawn. This and sat, feebly rocking to and fro in

serted shed, a lonely incongruity in helped speed the progress of the time to some unhearable rhythm.

the primeval landscape. heavy twentyfoot craft, but even Before I returned to the river I

As we set about our routine camp so, Andre and I were able to paddle picked out the plumpest "cookoo"duties, several natives materialized circles around it in our light "water- (Swahili for "chicken") from the from the surrounding bush and skeeters."We got little help from flock that pecked around the hut,

stood shyly watching us from a pothe sluggish current of the broad paying the Bunyoro a generous two lite distance. Visitations such as green river. We were able to deshillings ( twentyeight cents ) for the

this were to become an accepted termine accurately its rate of flow fowl. The native and his neighbor

event whenever or wherever we by the myriad little water cabbages of the riverside hut climbed in one stopped in inhabited regions along and clumps of papyri floating on of the dugouts as we left and escorted the Nile. All the way along we the surface, and by the end of the us for a few miles downstream bewere to have an audience of curious day we estimated it had slowed to fore bidding us "Kwaheri"and turnpeople parading around our camps a languorous two miles an hour. ing back.

afternoon early the our footsteps.and shadowing During we They started the working When Oumu solid green in thenoted break spotted a and stored up every move the of boats over right bank, towards

countless topics of conversation to the left bank. Happy for an opporseeking a stronger current, I dropped

last to a respite for tunity enjoy from observing from them months a into of lily nosed the behind and bed gratefully river, strange habitsour equipment. demanding and we a pair of strange photograph pads to

five landed. greetings cheery our theyAt in and edged turned We found little lilytrotters birds called water

in for a closer look and then, satiscrude dugouts anchored at the end spryly hopping from pad to pad.

fied that we were harmless, squatted of the narrow channel and a mud Suddenly I spied the ugly shape of companionably around us. When hut perched on a knoll beyond. As a big croc floating belly up, its body

Andre started preparing our evening we debarked, two sleepyeyed bloated with gases and angry spear in coarse bouillon, of beans, oranges, dressed brown Bunyorosmeal and its and neck. head around wounds

filled the hut togas andthey from a blackened pot produced emerged it died recently from Evidently had us, to river plantains, somewater,with welcome added came down for hunters, native with a brush it fire unprecedented our to boil over a small dazed by whatand set of there decomposition odor was no visit. Gabrininear our and own. Oumu

it. aboutcontributed several more of the While Andre started a lunch of

large, green cooking bananas to the fried bananas, I accompanied one of Towards dusk the stillness of the kettle from their food bag, then sat the natives to his home, a larger hut river was broken by the sounds of munching cold sweet potatoes, an- a quarter of a mile away, to bargain native voices. We glanced around

other native staple, while the main with him for one of his scrawny and saw, tearing downstream tocourse stewed. It seemed hours bechickens. He seemed deeply pleased wards us at top speed, a trim racing

fore the tough, pithy fruit was when I accepted his invitation to pirogue, or war canoe as it would cooked sufficiently and ready to be enter his hut. We stepped from have been called in the days when

divided. By that time we three had hot brilliance into a cool and intertribal warfare was in vogue,

long since finished our meal, done shadowy room full of strange aromas. manned by seven strong paddlers.

up the aluminum utensils, and reHis two buxom wives, in togas and As they drew abreast of us in midtired to the dilapidated shed where with bare feet, tittered nervously as stream, we could see that it was the we made comfortable if smelly beds I settled myself on the soft antelope same boat we had watched being constructed a thirtyat Namasagali, forin sacks of cotton. spread old musty pounded me on the We hide beauty with a wellmatched dirt floor. told sleep to planned in our tent, Bunyoro Thehad me his fivefoot

but in unfolding the green nylon wives had never been close to a pair of impala horns now affixed to canopy, we found it reeking with white man before, that their knowlthe curving prow. The crew, out

splotches of white mold, as a result edge of whites had come solely from for their maiden voyage in the sleek of its being stored unused for so fleeting glimpses of the captain of craft, stroked in time to a rhythmical long in the hot, damp climate. The the river steamer and his white ditty chanted by the last paddler

outer cover, used over the main passengers. Anxious to make a good who acted as coxswain. They swept

tent for added protection against impression I tried to strike up a past us as if we were anchored in sun and rain, was riddled with funconversation in Swahili with the place, their m'tumbi lunging forgus and beyond salvaging. Rather women but only made them acutely ward with every surge of their

than sleep inside a malodorous tent, uncomfortable. They would look at powerful coordination, and were

968 THE IMPROVEMENT EBA 04884x-$14.95

Levant grain Calf, half circuit, imitation leather lined.:;.

Concordance. 256page $10.95 04434xchain centercolumn 100,000 JP Christ of words The02227x-$10.75 Primer Long references, New

red. in printed are Morocco, Persian selfpronouncing. type,Marrakesh

Calf, grain SsPmSs Morocco 1"thick. lined. leather less circuit, thanhalf x 8%, 5% imitacircuit, half pages 64Concordance.

lined. leather tion type, Jasper Helps.Concise 256page Conself-pronouncing,

cordance. 100,000 chaincentercolumn references. \-d centercolumn

BLACK Or RED. jjff888 references, Brevier

5 x IVa, dm type, selfpronounc- only i3/iV'thick. jM ing. 5x7V4,

only Ys"thick.

''Sf iifSi "HIP MM. mfillw*%MM

8fa* mm- m m This Christmas

ifflkBiif|'ii 1 i give the finest—

m,

"M KING JAMES VERSION Highest quality

at astonishingly

low prices

i

SCOFIELD JfeW REFERENCE BIBLE

The most widely known reference Bible in the English language

A "'fiorfeed Ki Scofidd REFERENCE BIBLES Available in two convenient sizes:

thick SIZE: A*A x 7%e * %"HANDY...edges. circuit, round corners, red under. gold half Morocco, 133x French

Concordance. $14.00

thick x 8Vi SIZE: 5Vi LARGE x W half circuit, leather lined. Concordance, black, grained, hand Morocco, 187x

red under gold edges, blue, brown, green, maroon, red, gold edges. $25.00

Also available in many other styles and prices from $3.75 to $35.00

DECEMBER 1959 969 soon lost in the distant haze never weed. We backed off, lined up in CONN

to be seen again. single file again, and pushed ahead

As the welcome coolness of at another place, this time movingevening dispelled the breathless forward several boat lengths before ORGAN heat of the long day, we sought inthe tangled growth stopped us. By

tently for openings in the solidly the trial and error technique of packed papyri through which to thrusting and backing, I ferreted out reach dry land and make camp. a narrow passage through the labyIs your church planning

When darkness descended and we rinth of water and floating weed, still hadn't located the smallest and was able to keep us advancing passageway in the towering green slowly across the four hundred yard to invest in a new wall, it looked as if we were going bay that separated us from our to be forced to remain in our boats refuge. Halfway across, Oumu

for the night, cut off from solid cupped his hands to his mouth and organ?

ground as we were by yards of oozy called out in his deep voice; the

marsh and impenetrable papyri. We response, seconds later, was the

hopefully kept moving, stroking muted blare of an animal horn D a y n e s Music to single file close the through soundingalong the maddennight from the Company has silent listendirection barrier, of ahead.ing weary, the glow and

ing to the night sounds and the As we worked our way across the served the Interominous bellowing of a hippo nearlast few yards of open water, six mountain Area by and straining to adjust our eyes natives appeared on the bank, two with pride and to the dark. Our perseverance was of them holding flaming brands pleasure for 96

at last the directed their heads, wall us above and rewarded when we years. And with to so to for next following an anchorage been their twohad many

tedious hours, distinguished only as dugouts. As we climbed stiffly out each year we have

a darker mass etched against the of our boats, the men greeted us kept you in mind.

dark sky, suddenly fell away exposlike visiting relatives, with warm, ing open water and the small flicker lingering handshakes and broad That is why we of a distant campfire on the bank smiles, chattering with questions as are proud to be the beyond. The trap was sprung. The to who we were, where we had come

light produced an automatic reflex from, and where we were going. area's exclusive

among us; our three boats instantly When I told them our destination dealer for fine

wheeled towards the fire, and we was the sea at the very end of the Conn Organs...

dug at the paddles with renewed river, they only looked puzzled, but superior in the vigor to reach the nocturnal oasis. upon explaining we were traveling world of music.

Our feeling of triumph at confar beyond Masindi, the outer quering the papyri was shortly boundary of their little world, they dissipated when, on leaving the brightened and shook their heads in There is a Conn river and entering the backwater, wonder. model to meet

we became hopelessly enmeshed in every church re- a thick net of lily pads and lake (To be continued) quirement. If your

church is planning to invest in a new Christmas Is the Same home (where she boarded,) she ran organ, compare...

in, laughing and telling the children and you will dishurry she home. been Had(Continued from page 897) to cover... there is for dressed have loved it, she would

the road, she looked up at the sky, to walk for a long time. But now, a noticeable differseeing it overcast, the clouds gray she had packing to do. And sudence in a Conn orand low. "Looks like snow for denly, she remembered that Mrs. gan! See Mr. Glen

happily, feeling told them,Christmas,"she not too well been Dee had left this tried to she be the morning.as each one She Pratt for arrangehad one when

closest to her as she walked homewould have to see if there was anyments:

ward. thing she could do to help.

She hoped it wouldn't snow too Her landlady was expecting a hard before she took the rather debaby. Since they thought it might

crepit bus into Richardson to get her be born near Christmas, everyone train ticket. After she was on her was excited. A young, new doctorway, let it snow. She was sentiwho had recently come to RichardMUSICmental about the whole affair. She son was to take care of her. She COMPANY

wanted snow, and mistletoe, and all surely hoped everything would be 15 EAST FIRST SOUTH the things the popular songs told all right, and would have been glad about. to help with the other two children SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

When she reached Mrs. Dee's had she been planning to stay, but

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY ST.

PROVO, UTAH

970 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Is your church planning to invest in a new organ?

Compare... and you will discover...

there is a noticeable difference in a Conn Organ!

The glorious tone of the Conn comes closest of all to the deep, rich tones of a mighty pipe organ... always the standard

of excellence.

For a convincing test of Conn's superiority, invite dealers of other organs to bring their instruments right into your

Church or Chapel, for a sideby-side comparison test with the incomparable Conn.

Then listen for the most important quality of all... grandeur

of tone. Listen for versatility and contrast... for strong and

stirring tones... for pure and ethereal tones. Listen... to the

noticeable difference in a Conn.

"Full organ"on the Conn is grandly eloquent, not just loud, because the Conn essentially has a complete, individual tone generator for each and every note. And every "voice"

is true... precise and identifiable.

There is a Conn model to meet every requirement. If you

are planning to buy an organ, your Conn dealer will be glad to provide a magnificent Conn for a sideby-side comparison test with any other make of organ. Make arrangements with

him soon. There is no charge, of course.

Conn Organ Corporation Elkhart, Indiana

Before you invest...

be sure you discover the noticeable difference in a...

CONN

DECEMBER 1959 971 fortunately, the neighbors were the doctor to come. And it seemed the doctor said, "you can't imagine

most kindly. she had never in her life seen snow where it's coming from."

She was still humming as she came "lay in"as it was doing now. She She had expected to see a young

into the living room where Mrs. could not see the neighbor's barn doctor, but not one this young. He

Dee sat rocking in a highbacked from the kitchen window. And it looked almost boyish, with his crewchair. She was knitting, and her went on and on. Then, she heard cut, and his smooth, tanned face,

hands stopped in midair as Diane the screech of brakes as a car his eyes twinkling as he spoke. She

came in. stopped in the wet, deep snow. She would never ask him to take her to

"Oh, it's you,"she exclaimed, "I wished she had gone to Richardson Richardson.

thought maybe it was John."yesterday. She wished she were It was just as well she hadn't

of feeling so instead asked the time him, for now, he had by are you feeling?"Diane home "How

fine a hours, for these four there with their people acutely and been her.asked

two other little children, hopefully baby boy had joined the household, "We11, I wouldn't be a mite surawaiting Christmas. Oh, their news was coming over the radio that

prised if we have this baby for mother had knit them mittens and the road into the small town was

Christmas... or before."got them a few things from the store, completely closed. There was no

A moment of panic seized the girl. but what about the Christmas tree possibility that it would be opened

She didn't know where Mr. Dee was, being trimmed? If everything was until the next day at least. Looking

and she felt she had better get in all right, and the neighbors came as out at his car, practically covered touch with the doctor. After learnplanned, she could drive to town and submerged by snow, the doctor

ing that his name was Reid she put with the doctor, and get all the shook his head, a call through for him, telling him things she needed for school, and a "It's good I have no pressing cases that she thought it might be wise few things for this humble house. in town."Then, smiling, he said,

for him to come over, though the Yes, she would ask him. She "And if an emergency comes up,

rather pretty woman in her midcould take the bus back tonight. It there is another man. Now, where

thirties assured her there was no would be better than taking a chance can I get a room and something to great hurry. on waiting until tomorrow. Aleat?"

Fortunately, the husband came though it was just possible tomorrow Diane had taken meat from the home soon, and Diane—instead of might be better.... locker and gone ahead with supper

finishing her packing—made a cup John Dee had let the doctor in, for the children; she had made some

of hot chocolate for each of them. and he was shaking the snow from hot broth for Mrs. Dee.

It seemed forever as they waited for his tweed topcoat. "What a snow,""It isn't fancy,"she said, a bit

SA VE UP TO at STANDARD OPTICAL on KODAK 40% NOW

SLIDE CAMERASMOVIE & BROWNIE BROWNIE MOVIE 3-LENS CAMERA TURRET Perfect to begin your home For professional variety in movies with. Easy as taking your movies. Faster fl.9

snapshots. lenses.

Reg. 32.50 $ *>$dQ OR NOW 1 9.95 NOW TvliUJ

Nothing Down... Nothing Down...

Only $1 Wk. Only $1 Wk.

Come In or Mail Coupon Now!

Please send me the

salepriced at only $ 1 wil pay according to terms in ad.

Meter NAME SIGNET '50'SLIDE CAMERA WIFE'S NAME slides perfect Takes and ADDRESS in Salt Lake City snaps. flash 35mm. With

and f2.8 lens. CITY & STATE 155 South Main—273 South Main

Drive 2190 Highland—Sugar House Reg. $82.50... NOW M9.95 BY EMPLOYED Blvd. 2443 Washington Ogden:

... Pay Nothing Down 161 Street Provo: Center West CREDIT REFERENCE Only $1 Week! Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

972 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Daily Air GLEN isapologetically, there plenty "but CANYON to join want us."Service PAGEto eat here, if you

Mr. Dee insisted, "We wouldn't

think of letting you go. Sit right

down."The doctor smiled at Diane, "You FLAGSTAFF, KANAB

sure you don't mind?"

"Of course."And she smiled in RENO

return, feeling happy, forgetting for the moment about tomorrow, forgetting that Christmas was only three days away.

They ate together in the cozy, large kitchen, a fire blazing in the oldfashioned coal stove. And a

baby cried, miraculously, in the room upstairs.

The next day it was still snowing.

Oldtimers said it was like snow they had had years ago when they LOS ANGELES/INTL had been completely isolated for SANTA ANA over a week. "Oh, but it won't be OCCANSIDt

like that this time,"she assured herself, "It can't be."But she kept busy SAN DIEGO

helping with the children, and the house. Write for Bonanza's

The doctor came in the morning, color folders on a variety having found a place three doors of Package Tours to the down the street to stay. "Two more fun spots of the West

days till Christmas,"he said to her, EO. Box 391,

"I suppose you were planning to go Las Vegas, Nevada FLY Bonanza Air Lines home?"Serving 27 resort cities in the West

"I'm still planning to,"she assured him, "I was going to town to get my ticket today, but I can do that tomorrow when I catch the train. But Order Today

I am worried about my party for theschool children. I had thought I GRIND YOUR OWN

would get some decorations—the FLOUR 6l CEREAL

the ones they have are so worn, and with this sturdy then, there's no tree either for here or the school, and no way of getting any."WHEAT MILL

"We could decorate that big pine 12,000More ThanSold outside,"he suggested, then more to Date seriously, the oldtimers sure "I'm they're ONLY to manage,here ways know world."to being from theused away bed- $650 the going toward was He

room, and she mused aloud, "My POSTPAID mother said they used to string popANYWHEREIN corn and cranberries, and there's n **m i AMERICA some aluminum foil in the drawer,."a star. could makewe

had.. slipped "we"The word out Millkinds cracksof hardor grindsor soft wheat,grains. cornGrindsand Vhall

until heunnoticed said, "Why, cereal of flour or pounds per minute.... we WATER

Pehrson's. Fully guaranteed you're bycertainly could. Anytime

ready I'll be here to help."HEATER SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS

afternoon that very he was And there, of cranberries packages and $6.50Please(checksend ormemoneyone Wheatorder.)Mill. Enclosed is

string, his arms, underpopcorn Name and LIVE BETTERtin foil. and Mrs. Dee The children

spent so they nappingwere a wonELECTRICALLY CityAddress stringing corn,derful hour popping cranberries, making stars and other with FULL State ornaments. They could still scarcely HOUSEPOWER HARDWARE PEHRS0N UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH SOUTH 11th EAST 2102

DECEMBER 1959 973.

see through the windows. Yet, no happiness... and her own... and "Really?"she questioned, "I was

one in the town seemed downthat of neighbors and friends who afraid you were fooling."

hearted; everyone who passed by came in with food and gifts for the "Me? I should say not."

brought something warm and tasty, baby. She wondered how she could So, they rode under the sky that

for Mrs. Dee, and all shared in the have found these people dull or was like gray tulle now, with a stargaiety, and friendliness. monotonous. pin piercing through here and there.

Christmas sang familiar they dried dishes the as were by And the doctor, Bill Reid, seemed When

'steam the breath "Bill, songs, children and watched were and the Doctor as anyone andhappy when she asked him, "Aren't you worried in bed, he said, "It has stopped against the cold air. "Are you

about not getting back... to your snowing. Mr. Knudsen said he happy?"he asked her.

family... or friends?"would have the sleigh and horses "More so than I would have

"I haven't any family out here. I here at eightthirty. Get wrapped dreamed possible, this far away

came down in this direction for up warm, and I will take you for from home, and all."

about the same reasons you did, I that sleighride.""Yes. I suppose Christmas is the

imagine. They needed a doctor so

desperately. Doctor Donner in

Richardson is getting too old to handle half the people. But he's

still good in emergencies. And the

I left, there things looked whenway. The Attitude of Intent. of those."won't be too many

"You're not married?"she asked,

shyly. Richard L. Evans

"No. I haven't even had any good

proposals lately."There was teasing... and something else in his We have read somewhere in some rules of safety

eyes. She felt herself flush. And the following sentence: "Never point a gun at anyhurriedly changed the subject to that THE thing you don't intend to shoot."This is basic to a

essentially parallel series precautions of SPOKEN whole tree.of a Christmas WORD this "Don't short sentence: single in summarized "I've arranged about that, too,"

he assured her, "or at least, we men start what you shouldn't do."It applies to habits, to projects and

around here have. Look."He lifted promises, to attitudes and obligations, to every threat, to every

the curtain and through the falling temptation, and to every intent. The assumption that we can go

snow she could make out a bob- a little way in the wrong way, that we can sin a little, lie a little, sleigh near the neighbor's barn. break the law a little; that we can be a little unfaithful, a little dis-

"We're going up in the hills and get honest; or that we can start many things and stop them any time we

one for the school, the church, and want to, whenever and wherever we want to, without involvement, as many others as we need."without hurt or harm, without falsely encouraging others, without

"Oh, I've always wanted to ride being misunderstood, without the danger of going farther than we in a bobsleigh,"she told him, littleintended to go, is a false and unsafe assumption. Those who find

girl excitement dancing in her eyes. themselves in serious or embarrassing situations frequently say

it is true that they "Well, only the men are going on they didn't intend to do what they did. And often

this trip. It will be cold, and perdidn't intend to go so far. But what is often also true is that they did

haps hazardous. But—I promise entertain the idea, or they did take the first step: they did make

you—if we are here over Christmas, the problem possible. Like the man who points the gun, they

I will take you for a ride."assumed the attitude of intent. Starting is so often easier than

"Do you think we will be?"she stopping. Habits are so often easier to acquire than they are

asked, not feeling nearly the panic to set aside. Relationships are often easier to begin than to break

she had felt before, feeling almost a off. And we save ourselves much embarrassment, much explanajoy instead. Then, tion, much heartache, much danger, much tragedy if we simply

"But how will I let my folks don't start what we shouldn't do. No one should flaunt any conknow?"she questioned suddenly. vention, or invite any flirtation, or tempt any temptation, or begin

"The telephone lines are all down. a habit he wouldn't permanently want to have, or begin any relaBut they will read the newspapers, tionship of life that would be unsafe or unsavory or unwise to

they will know. And it will make it follow through. There is some scripture on the subject which says:

also cited: of evil."1 all appearance This from could be you do go home."She "Abstainnicer when

all thinlceth in his heart, to so is he."2 This points "For as he up quite contentedly.nodded,

During the school party the next the attitude of intent. Don't threaten to do anything you shouldn't

day, when the children sang and follow through on. Even would we say: Don't think to do anything

reveled in every bauble, Diane you shouldn't do. Avoid not only the appearance of evil, but all invifelt filled to overflowing with joy. tation to it. In short, avoid the very attitude of intent. If you

Christmas Eve, when Mrs. Dee's shouldn't, just don't do it.

children and Docandhusband Spoken presented Square "The over Word,"from Temple the KSL and to the golden,tor Reid sat down Broadcasting System, Columbia 11, 1959. October Copyright 1959.

steaming dinner, she was almost un- X I Thessalonians 5:22.

bearably happy because of their 2Proverbs 23:7.

974 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA same wherever you are, as long as your heart is ready to receive it."

A brighter star pricked throughthe clouds as he reached over and WINTER touched her hand, whispering, "Merry Christmas."CAN BE

These Times

(Continued from page 884)

Psychologists sometimes tell us that a person has to be something of a "neurotic"to accomplish a great deal. Ken Orton was the kind of

person who accomplished a great deal with serenity of spirit. Yet his

eye was alert for the opportunity to build, to do much good. He could

be at ease one night, shaking handsall-round with the Saints of a struggling ward; partaking (and paying

heavily) of a tamale supper for a building fund. The next evening,

without shifting gears or approaches, he could serve equally well as an ambassador for his Church among wealthy patrons of theatrical art.

Worldfamous actors, passing through the schedule of the Sombrero Playhouse in Phoenix would go out of their way to greet him and pay their sincere respects. The

Pacific Islander or Mexican migrant worker received the same courtesies.

His was a good life to see and observe from whatever vantage point was permitted; at his Era office;

launching the Bookcraft Company;

building and operating some of this country's most beautiful and hospitable motor hotels; serving on a

Tahitian mission.

There are many Ken Ortons in this world. We should not forget

them. On the Maotse-Tungs, the

Khrushchevs, the Juan Perons, and other characters, often too much newsprint and printer's ink is lavished. At Christmas 1959, I think it

proper to devote a little space to remember modest, quiet men like

Ken Orton. It makes Christmas Make the winter profitable by advancing your education at the

seem a little more realizable. MayChurch university, which offers spiritual growth in addition to the

be some didn't see Ken from this finest academic and physical training. As the largest university in

viewpoint—which is frankly perthe intermountain area it provides all the advantages of a big unisonal. But the view of most men versity yet all the friendliness and attention of the small college.

improves when they are understood. Plan NOW to register Winter Quarter.

All of us know folk who render great For information write Public Relations Dept.

and unnoticed kindnesses to their fellows. We can use more of them in the quest for goodwill in these Brigham Young University

times. PROVO, UTAH

DECEMBER 1959 975

Joseph Smith's Home posited. Sitting up late that evening, Mrs. Smith records that as winter

in order to converse upon these approached, two months after the ( Continued from page 899 things, together with overexertion coming of Moroni, that Alvin on of mind, had much fatigued Joseph; the "15th of November... came to

records with exactness the perfect and when Alvin observed it [which the house,"stricken with "bilious setting for Joseph's visions, declaring was two months before Alvin's colic."One naturally would suppose

that long after the "accustomed slumdeath] he said, 'Now, brother, let that he came to the log home where ber had spread her refreshing hand us go to bed, and rise early in the the family was then residing. There

over others beside him, he continued morning, in order to finish our day's shortly before his death, November still to pray.... In this situation work at an hour before sunset, then 18, 1823, he admonished Hyrum,

hours passed... how many or if mother will get our suppers early, twentythree years of age: "I want

how few, I know not, neither is he we will have a fine long evening, to say a few things which I wish to able to inform me; but supposes it and we will all sit down for the purhave you remember. I have done

must have been eleven or twelve pose of listening to you while you all I could to make our dear parents and perhaps later, as the noise and tell us the great things which God comfortable. I want you to go on

bustle of the family in retiring had has revealed to you....'and finish the house."The house he

long since ceased."11 "From this time forth we conreferred to, no doubt, was the new

Following the unprecedented five tinued to get the children together home that stood nearby "unfinished."

visits of Moroni to the Prophet, every evening [very likely in the It was here in the old home that

September 21, 22, 1823, along with "snug log house, neatly furnished"] Alvin placed two responsibilities

Joseph's experiences with his brothfor the purpose of listening while he upon Hyrum: (1) He was "to go on

ers and father in the field, where they gave us a relation of the same. I and finish the house."(2) He was to

were working, the mother reports, presume our family presented an "take care of them [his parents] in "The ensuing evening, when the aspect as singular as any that ever their old age."A little later we are

family were all together, Joseph lived upon the face of the earth—all to read how everything pertaining

made known to them all that he had seated in a circle, father, mother, to the building of the new house was communicated to his father in the sons and daughters, and giving the "arranged precisely according to his field, also of his finding the record, most profound attention to a boy, [Alvin's] plan."13

as well as what passed between him eighteen years of age [just turning Referring to the old home, Joseph and the angel while he was at the eighteen], who had never read the Fielding Smith writes: "It was while

place where the plates were deBible through in his life."12 living in this house that Joseph re-

"Oliver Cowdery, idem. 12Lucy Smith, ibid., pp. 81, 82. "Lucy Smith, ibid., pp. 87, 140.

NEW FROM S VIRCOThe "CHAMPION"High Quality, Low Budget Folding Chair

Check these outstanding features:

*r* "Can'tReinforcedtip"seatsafetytested jt Three leg braces not two Fusion welded and brazed "jAr Tough bakedon enamel finish k New longlife plastic leg tips k Vircoloy steel - 20% stronger

Virco also offers a complete line of folding chairs and folding tables for every purse and purpose.

VIRCO MANUFACTURING CORP.

P. 0. Box 44846, Station "H"

Los Angeles, California

976 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Holiday Delights

For all those tempting, tasty candies, 1 cookies and other Yuletide delights, use the finest, purest, sweetest sugar **"r'YH made—U and I—sparklingwhite

and available in handy onepound B cartons: brown, fine granulated,

/B mm*m superfine dessert, and powdered.

DECEMBER 1959 977 ceived his glorious visions. The last moments, charged his brothers must be genuine, since it had been

building of a more commodious to finish his work of preparing a handed down from various owners of home was contemplated under the place of earthly rest for us.... Inthe Smith home. Of course, they did

direction of Alvin, the oldest son, deed, there is scarcely anything not have access to, as I have, the who much desired to see his parents which I here see that has not passed abstract of title of this property, comfortably located.... Alvin did through the hands of that faithful showing its many transfers to nonnot live to see the fulfilment of his boy, and afterwards, by his brothers, Mormons and disbelievers in Joseph's

dream. The frame of the new house been arranged precisely according visions and teachings. Here are the

was raised, and the necessary mateto his plan, thus showing me their dates of transfer: Durfee, 1825;

rials procured to complete the strucaffectionate remembrance, both of Nichols, 1834; Storm, 1841; R. Storm,

ture in the fall of 1823, but in their parents and of the brother 1849; Hill; 1854; Robinson, 1855;

November of that year Alvin was whom they loved."18 Weeks, 1859; S. L. Chapman, 1860;

stricken."14 Because of the mother's natural W. A. Chapman, 1881; then to the

"The shock occasioned by Alvin's desire to praise her oldest son's acChurch, June 10, 1907.

death,"continues Mrs. Smith, "in a complishments—a son now deceased Because of intrigue and deception,

short time passed off, and we reand not known to Oliver—she would Father and Mother Smith lost their

sumed our usual avocations with have been very happy to explain farm and new home. Although the

considerable interest,"possibly in to Oliver that shortly before the comagent from whom they were purearly December, 1823. Of those ing of Moroni, that Alvin had moved chasing their property had granted

winter months she adds: "The first the family into the unfinished home, them a few days'extension of time

move toward business, was to comprovided such a move had taken on their last payment, he closed the plete the house before mentioned,"place at that time. Moreover, had contract the verv next dav without

meaning the new home. Had they Joseph—another son Oliver had not giving any notice to the Smiths. The

been occupying the unfinished home met—occupied a certain secondfloor county records show that Lemuel

at this time, she very likely would bedroom on the night of Moroni's Durfee, Sr., purchased the Smith

have dropped some word to that three appearances, the mother very property December 20, 1825 for effect, instead of calling it, "the new likely would have explained this also $1135.00. Mr. Durfee then gave the

home before mentioned."Two years to Oliver, who possibly could have Smiths a lease on the property until

later, 1825, while they were still been sleeping in the "special bedDecember 20, 1828, at which time working to finish the new home, she room"without knowing its imFather and Mother Smith moved to comments: "A short time before the portance. a home southward, but still in the

it ishouse was completed, a man by the After much aided research into township of Manchester, and name of Josiah Stoal came from all known sources, the author can very likely that they carried all their

Chenango County, New York, with only write that somewhere along furniture with them. The presthe view of getting Joseph to assist the line from among the owners of ent abstract of title shows that this

silver for mine."15 a in digging property never transferred tohim was the Smith in number—home—nine 19 is exact date the Smiths. by madeThe foregoing the from day the Smiths moved

the Prophet: "In the month of Octoaway, December 20, 1828, until the A second Fellowcrafts picture,

ber, 1825, I hired with an old gentlefarm was purchased for the Church bearing suppositional legendary statements, reads: "Corner of roomman Smith, Albert Elder George by the name of Josiah Stoal. by June 16 where part of the Book of Mormon into exthat there sprang 10, 1907,

About a year and a half after istence, unapproved by the Church, was translated."Here are the facts

Alvin's death, since it was requiring an unusual story. It was to the in the case. The average student of

such a long time to do the finishing effect that a certain bedroom, upthe Book of Mormon knows that the writes transthe mother house, 116 on the pages of manuscriptwork stairs in eightroom the Smith home, first

Stoddard lated hiredthat a "Mr. they the Prophet by were lost by identical occupied the room"... 'was

who,"she says, became "the principal by the young Prophet on the night Martin Harris in June 1828. Accordworkman."Then, by the early winof September 21, 1823—the night of ingly, if the twentyone-yearold

ter of 1825, after Joseph had gone to Moroni's three visits. It was also Prophet translated any part of the

Pennsylvania, in plates the home theHarmony, Smith ( of which home the oldthat some claimed by this slightest there is and "Mr. Stoddard not proof), thewas finished; in... fashioned bedstead was the room

fifteen translationoffered for it the sum of was lost, hence it is not hunthe one on which Joseph lay during rejected. in dollars,"17 which wasdred the Book of Mormon. his visions.

three further: 1828, some In the Prophet's December To explain

after comSo popular did this story become journal beenyears that three had shows the home months pleted, Mother Smith, while praising that many visitors—Mormon and after he received the plates, he and

pictures away to nonMormon—carried explained of her sons, loyaltythe 1827, in December Emma, moved visited of this "identical room"by cousin, to her third southeastwardOliver 128 miles HarCowdery,

boarding with the Smiths: "See what Moroni. I have access to a dozen mony, Pennsylvania, where he for

in of scenes photos and around have the the comfortablea first time mentions the work of home we is labeled: card Smith home. One "translation."the I look... Especiallyhere. upon

Prophet's the from bedroom "The "... Alvin, of beloved after arrival immediately whohandiwork my my

.. Copyrighted, 1920, window. his in I his there deathbed, andeven the copying upon commenced Fellowcrafts Shop,. Albany, N.Y."

plates. characters off the I copied in Fielding Smith, Essentials Church "Joseph visitor this the before purchased And ibid.,History, 91. Smith, 39, p. 40; pp. Lucy a considerable of them, number and

ibid., picture, told 92. story that 91, the Smith, he pp. was 15Lucy

17. Vol. Hist. I, p. Church, 1BThe Restored, Kingdom Grant, p. 69. of God

cit., p. 91. Smith, op. 17Lucy Smith, lsIbid., p. 150. See also Lucy op. cit., pp. 9299.

978 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA er Time

With a new Gas Dryer

Christmas

What more perfect gift could the family make to the lady of the house than to provide 365 days of sunshine and freedom from.

the drudgery of washing?

Gas dries clothes faster than FASTER! CLOTHES DRY

The average paid wage kittensoft, too! sunshine... I \Utah workers has gone

LESS IRONING! Sheets come out smooth—can be folded and UP 230%

stored without ironing. By taking laundry out when damp dry, and the cost of living

like sprinkling. iron pieces magic. Even starched you eliminate

fluffy as are as towels Gasdried when has gone yp /Q8% NICER LAUNDRY!

the cost of—but new. Corduroys and jeans come out wrinklefree—ready to

Natural Gas wear.

ECONOMICAL! Gas dryers keep clothes looking new longer residentialserved to users

—they are the most economical—superior in every way. in Utah is

See Your Gas Appliance Dealer bWMXA&XG&Er)

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY modern n Serving 84 communities in Utah and Wyoming with Natural

Gas—the perfect fuel for clothes drying, heating, cooking,

serves besL.costs /ess water heating, refrigeration, outdoor lighting, air conditioning.

DECEMBER 1959 979 by means of the Urim elders and Thummim of the Church—Andrew Jen-

I translated some of them, which I son, soon who became assistant

For Everyone did between the time I arrived at Church historian, President Edward father, in the of my wife's of Stevenson the First Council of from A to Z monththe houseof December, and the Februthe Seventy, Bishop and Joseph the Funfilled ary following."20 Since Joseph Black—while on a tour of historicS.

never returned again to the Smith sites for the visited Church, the Gift—with the plates, home the reader can Smith home, owned by the Chapman

see the error in this second picture. family—the seventh owner since the

On September 28, 1888, three Smiths lived there. These three

2<>Hist. Church, Vol. I, p. 19; for a fuller acelders, like other visitors, were concount, see Grant, op. cit., pp. 5568. ducted upstairs and into a certain

""Little Brass Nails

Richard L. Evans TrademarkMONOPOLYfor real estate trading game equipment.

The worldwide favorite that fascinates everyone... provides happy hours of fun and Perhaps all of us pursue some things which, after

relaxation as each player tries to swing acquire big them, we seem somewhat shallow or shoddy deals, become a tycoon worth "millions"! or at least unessential. THE And then we wonder why actionpacked The game! Number One $4, $5 for wished so SPOKEN we them and for much worked them WORD

so hard, and passed up more worthwhile things we might have had. There is a parable by John Buskin pertaining

to this subject, that we have referred to before. He said it was a

dream, but we rather surmise it was a dream he deliberately devised for the purpose of putting over a point: "I dreamed,"he said, "that

I was at a child's... party, in which every means of entertainment

had been provided... by a wise and kind host.... The children

had been set free in the rooms and gardens, with no care whatever but how to pass their afternoon rejoicingly.... There was music

... all manner of amusing books... a workshop... a table loaded

with everything nice to eat... and whatever a child could fancy...

but all in the this midst of it struck or three two of the more Trademark RISKPfor continental game equipment. practical'children that they like of would some the brassheaded

. a. Truly gift. superb nails that unique studded chairs, this NEW, the and so set to they to pull work them strategic that's a game challenging contest out. In a all little while the children, nearly, spraining were their for control of whole It's continents! daring, fingers in pulling out nails. brassheaded all that With they dynamic could fascinating and entertainment. $7.50

pull out they were not satisfied; and then everybody wanted some

of somebody else's. And at last the really practical'and 'sensible'

ones declared that nothing was of any real consequence that afternoon except to get plenty of brassheaded nails.... And at last

they began to fight for nailheads,... even though they knew they

would not be allowed to carry so much as one brass knob away with them. But no! It was, 'Who has most nails?... I must have

as many as you before I leave the house or I cannot possibly go home in peace.'At last they made so much noise that I awoke,

and thought to myself, 'What a false dream that is of children....

Children never do such foolish things. Only men do.'"1 And so

ended Buskin's dream of the children and the little brass nails. One

of the is gifts greatest of a is of sound sense values. God It gift a SORRY slide Trademark pursuit for game equipment. of inestimable for worth those a have limited to who time live—

differentAlways full and surprises, of this which, so far as these mortal days are concerned, all includes us. offastmoving, easyto-play, popular pursuit yet, as even And foolish the children it to, referred is a barrel wouldgame seem for of fun everyone a...

favorite with young and old alike! $3.00 that much too much of our time mav be taken in struggling for little

POLLYANNA—Parker's fastpaced brass nails, which we cannot take home with us at the end of the

track pursuit game with unique "turnouts"to day.*

avoid "capture". A great home game! $2.50

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, September 27, 1959. Copyright 1959. FREE

Send BOOKLET!illustrated your 32page 'John Ruskin, Lecture delivered at Royal College of Science, Dublin, 1868. Parkerif Party Gamesfor Fun Booklet. Revised Parker Brothers, Inc., Dept. Salem, 601,

Massachusetts.

PARKERManufactured BROTHERS,in Canada by CollettSprouleINC., Salem.Boxes. Ltd., Mass.Toronto

980 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... where you get vL$&V///

BYU 195960 BASKETBALL SCHEDULE DEAN BENNETT, "THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S SENIOR

DATE OPPONENT PLACE SPORTSCASTER,"VOICES THE EXCITING BYU PLAYBY-PLAY

Dec. 4-5 Univ. of Wash. at Provo

Dec. 11 UCLA at Los Angeles Crisp and accurate in his word

Dec. 12 use at Los Angeles coverage of sporting events for

Dec. 18 Kansas State at Lawrence, Kan. the Big K, Dean Bennett in

past years has followed the Dec. 19 Univ. of Kansas jt Manhattan, Kan, BYU team across the nation—

Dec. 21 Michigan State Univ. at Provo from Madison Square Garden

this Palace. Again to the Cow Dec. 22 Ohio Stafe Univ. at Provo

will season, bring you Dean Dec. Hurricane Classic at Miami, Florida. (Other the playby-play of all BYU

2829 participants: Xavier, Miami, Florida Univ.) games.

Jan. 2 Loyola of the So. at New Orleans

Jan. 9 Univ. of Montana at Missoula

Jan: 13 Colo. State Univ. at Provo BYU COACH STAN WATTS - COACH OF CHAMPIONS -

ofJan. at Provo 16 Univ. Wyoming GOES INTO HIS NINTH YEAR WITH HOPES HIGH!

::.-::;:-:-;.;;* of Univ. Utah at Salt Lake CityJan. 22

Jan. 29 Utah State Univ. at Logan Under Stan Watts, BYU teams have won

Feb 5 Univ. of New Mex at Provo one NIT title and three conference crowns

Feb 6 Univ. of Denver at Provo in 8 years. And again this year, in the

following Feb. 13 Utah Stafe Univ. at Provo PETTY FORD Coach's Corner

each game, Stan will give the radio fans

Feb. 19 Univ. of Wyoming at Laramie the benefit of his keen insight into basketFeb. 20 Colo. State Univ. at Fort Collins ball in commenting on the night's play!

Feb. 25 Univ. of Utah at Provo

Feb. 27 Univ. of Montana at Provo

Marc h 3 Univ. of Denver at Denver

Marc h 5 Univ. of New Mex. at Albuquerque Your Spot for Sports KSLArtM?

PRE and POSTGAME COVERAGE SPONSORED by PETTY MOTOR CO. 1160 ON YOUR DIAL SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

DECEMBER 1959 981 bedroom, and were told: "You are bedroom story."Accordingly he "The mammon worshiper,"I mutnow standing in the identical bedpublished an article in the Church tered as we walked away.

room which your Prophet Joseph Section of the Deseret News, OctoElder Wilson, as usual, was imSmith occupied on the night he ber 5, 1935, confuting the old perturbable. "Keep calm, monsieur,"

claimed to have been visited three "bedroom legend."he soothed. "Remember Galatians

times by an angel."The old- I shall quote only his last para- 6:7-9."I scowled at the ground and

fashioned bedstead was also pointed graph: "After a careful study of the said nothing. "Bet you can't quote

out as the one upon which Joseph circumstances connected with Alvin it,"he persisted.

lay during these appearances. Smith's death and the first visit of "Bet I don't want to, either,"I

The brethren, having no evidence the angel Moroni on September 21, growled.

to refute the positive assertions of 1823, we can only come to the conUndaunted, he replied, "All right the owner of the property, wrote clusion that the visit of Moroni took then, I'll quote it. 'Be not deceived;

the Chapman story into their jourplace in the original 'snug log house, God is not mocked: for whatsoever

later,nals; then, a along few days neatly furnished.'

reports,with other sent they it to a man"'.. soweth,. he thatthatsowethshall heto thealso Spiritreap. Regarding the Smith home now

the Deseret News, where it was standing upon the Smith Farm, the shall of the Spirit reap life everlastpublished, October 11, 1888. But as Historian of the Church, President ing.'Now, how about giving me

"Truth crushed to the earth will Joseph Fielding Smith, affirms: "It the rest?"

rise again,"so it was to be here, is not the house... in which the I made a stab. "'And let us not be

but it was to take years to find the Angel Moroni appeared to Joseph weary in well doing: for in due seatruth. Smith. The old house has long since son we shall reap, if we faint not.'

After Andrew Jenson became an disappeared, and stood several rods He was quick to congratulate me, assistant Church historian and had to the north of the present home."21 and my bitterness ebbed a little.

carefully "searched the records"he (The End) My companion always understood discovered uprooting, historical evi- -Doctrines of Salvation, Joseph Fielding Smith, my feelings. "The real test,"he told

dence about the Chapman "upstairs Vol. 3, p. 242. me, "is not just loving those who already love us, but as the Savior said,,

loving those who hate us. There's

where a man's true stature shows."

Inwardly I rebelled at the thought.

He was telling me nothing new. At

Story of a Friendship sook his scripture studies, I lathe same time, though, I knew that mented, fearing for his soul. my companion lived everything he

(Continued from page 901) Elder Wilson, though equally disappreached. He even loved the Frenchgarian landlord informed us, "I'm pointed, counseled, "Matthew 8:22,"man with the dollar bill, and I well

very nice, you know, but these then in sepulchral tones, "Follow knew the strength of character it jumping elephants at mornings must me and let the dead bury the required.

got to quit!"dead."I had to laugh. He wasn't Late one afternoon we rode our

Exercising meant more than just making light of the situation or of bicycles through the countryside.

keeping physically fit, my companion the mortuary profession; he was beThe air had the tang of burning

maintained. It symbolized greater ing philosophical, and he had the leaves. About us stretched ploughed

things. It developed the will power, wonderful ability of distinguishing fields, rich and black, fringed with

created confidence and a zeal for between those things which can and flaming maples. Bushels of grapes

progression in other branches of life. cannot be changed—the courage to and great piles of pumpkins on the

Elder Wilson was continually inaccept the inevitable. farm lawns—Canada in the fall.

dulging in introspection. He longed We were once greeted at the door We had traveled that way to meet

to see himself as others did and was by an unshaven fellow who de- a man of whom Elder Wilson had one of those few who honestly welmanded, "What you selling this time? spoken.

come constructive criticism. FreAlways a salesman! Why don't you "You Americans are a strange peoquently he listed his problems and leave very suddenly, eh?"ple,"he said. "You are knocking

failings on a filing card. He also I told him why we were calling, your heads against a stone walllisted the positive characteristics he and his breath smelled alcoholic as especially you Mormons! Of course

desired, never complete- I don't and he was sincerity, your doubt but don't sell! shouted, he "So you You

.. satisfied.ly strength desired. that's words, He words all you offer. for free! just a want money Maybe

and wisdom for one reason—to serve nice little contribution—eh?"You may gain an occasional follower,

God and man. but what of it? If you want to

I replied, me,""Excuse "but we proselyting always to were the appeal offer by masses, them We sell contribunothing no and wantnine, until returning frequently not substantial."something Whereupon

tions. friends as only come Welate at night. encouraging Whether produced to he pamphlets on improved

some forlorn soul, conversing with discuss the holy scriptures and God."farming.

an atheist, or meeting at midnight "Monsieur,"he snarled, through He seemed quite surprised when to study with an undertaker, my brown teeth, "this is my only God!"we explained the Church welfare

companion retained his stimulating He fumbled in his pocket and held program. Our discussion was a

sense of humor and was the eternal up a Canadian dollar bill. "Right lengthy one, in which he attempted

scriptorian. here! You see!"The door slammed to refute the idea of God. "You have

When our undertaker friend forshut. no evidence! Be honest!"he said.

982 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

seeming both interested and amused at our replies.

Finally, he exclaimed, "Marvelous!

Such fervor! Too bad you're both

so misguided."His sigh was exaggerated. "Ah, me, what wouldn't

I give to have two such zealots on the side of the working people!"

Elder Wilson eyed him squarely and replied, "The true gospel of

Jesus Christ is for all people. Those

who live it are not only the happiestbut also the healthiest people in the *iolCtVcworld. You see... we hold that tv 4*cho1, "back

people can never be united by comlove, throughpulsory means—only savings God's will. X t's a good idea to have an anchor—a understandingthrough

No manmade plan, however inaccount at Zions First National—the bank

genious, will ever insure peace and "back home."

happiness. That's why we are here, It's not just a sentimental idea. Your savings

and why thousands like us are at Zions First National give you an extra meathroughout the world. We are sure of security. They're backed by sound, reteaching God's revealed plan of life. sponsible management, substantial liquid rethis, they accept people whenWhen insured are all accounts addition, and, in serves

of the Fatherhood accept God Insurance Deposit the Federal by to $10,000 of brotherhood the well, then man...

will come."Corporation.

The sun was setting as we deOpen your "anchor"account by mailing the parted. We pedaled slowly down coupon below. You can deposit and withdraw

the road amid fluttering, brown by mail, using the bank's postagepaid envelopes.

leaves. "1 was Elder Wilson Not long after, I—

I to Ontario to Northern transferred 1 ZionsBox 1709,FirstSaltNationalLake City,Bank Utah president. district Months as act

later, came Please open a savings account in the name(s) ZIONS home, he on his way below. stationed I Montreal. was through

or in lost myself deposit. moreI inhavecheckenclosedor money$ order) as my initial($1.00 |! FIRST NATIONAL there and had truly

my work. As the mission president Name.. had predicted, I was having the Name.. BANK

greatest experience of my life. Even (Joint accounts)

Offices: first comso, saying goodbye to my Address..

235 So. Main 102So.Maia Temple 70 E. So. I hollow. left feeling panion me City Zone State.

Corp. Deposit Insurance Federal forces Member in the armed he'd be knew L probschool. at or soon away We

ably wouldn't meet again for several years. $ # # # # SALT LAKE CITY'S NEWEST HOTEL OVERLOOKING Elder Wilson had become such an important part of my life that later HISTORIC

I was dismayed to learn that he'd MORMON married, "while studying political TEMPLE science at Brigham Young Univer- \ SQUARE sity."I felt betrayed, forsaken!

"So, my friend,"I accused in a Modern Coffee Shop & Dining Room Television Air Conditioned letter, that you've succumbed "I see

Doubles $7.00 ujjjFree Parking Terrace of some Downtown Rates: Singles $5.00 up—blandishments to the

woman. Lo, how the mighty are Teletype Reservations Accepted Collect: SU350 ffl.njrrn

scathing a with fallen!"I concluded CLARENCE L WEST, MANAGER ir foolish enclosure, "Proverbs 9:13—A

is FREE GUEST PARKING simple, she clamorous: P-U- woman is In our new parking terrace jrrrijrrrrni n-nr

and knoweth nothing."Dnanonad

Elder Wilson's reply was prompt, and like his first letter two years before, terse. "Dear Elder, please If you plan to bind your ERAS

read the following: Proverbs 18:22 a 4-cent stamp sent to

and Luke 10:37."The closing words THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, 50 North Main, Salt Lake City, 11, Ut.

will reserve for you an ANNUAL INDEX 1959

DECEMBER 1959 983 tone were, "Mizpah, your brother, B. Gale wise."I didn't check the word,

in the Wilson."Mizpah, for I knew it well. Genesis

I opened my Bible and read the 31:49 reads, "And Mizpah; for he

finest verses in order. The first read, said, the Lord watch between me

"Whoso findeth a wife findeth a and thee, when we are absent one tradition good thing, and obtaineth favour of from another."The word stands as

the Lord."The second contained a symbol of faith and love among

the phrase, "Go, and do thou likemissionaries throughout the world.

The Presiding Bishopric's Page attached to the awards of those who attend ninety, ninetyfive, or one (Continued from page 909) hundred percent of the required twentyone since 1940, played a meetings.

large part in the evolution of the What did Jimmy have to do to ffig: program. qualify for his 1958 award? As a

In 1943, 3,999 individual awards deacon, he was required to attend

Worshipful, inspiring tone in were given. The 1958 figure is a minimum of his Sacrament and

the tradition of the world's 31,275. The total has risen every priesthood meetings. He had to

great organs forevery requireyear since the first, with the excepfill fortyeight or more priesthood ment... in every price range. tion of 1956, when the requirements assignments and participate in either

Visit our studio for a tonal were changed. Seals are now being a Church welfare or quorum service

demonstration of the Allen.., "the organ that sounds

*fes ji">3H&itit it it 9; it it** it Hi itjtitit it it it at it it it it it** it it it it it it i::'it it it# like an organ"

VtSh

C.%tLrleatz orcjtsjaia

is pictured the Summerhays Music Co. Jox UndivuluaL cyjcnUvsmsnt in rfaxonic Lpxizitnood tzrfcUvltizl Herefirst Individual Aaronic

3719 South State Salt Lake City, Utah in ths Cliuten of Jsiui CiiiUt of J-atts.x-t.Liij eSdinti Priesthood award,

THIS CERTIFIES THAT offered in 1943.

Note the signatures to beloiv of the Presiding Bishopric of that AT PIRCtNT ATTfNDANCf A MINIMUM OF SfVlNTY.flVI AARONIC PRIISTHOOD

Of TWtlVl FILLED PRIESTHOOD ASSIGNMENTS A MINIMUM QUORUM MtETINGS time—LeGrand

THt OBSERVANCE OF OF WISDOM WORD Richards, O. Marvin TITHING Of PAYMENT FIGHT IN PARTICIPATION A WtLfARl CHURCH PROJECr Ashton, L. Joseph and

PUBLIC Ml f TING ADDRESS A MINIMUM A CHURCH Wirthlin. Just under IN PARTICIPATION PRIESTHOOD ANOf AARONICON SERVICE INQUORUM TUBERCULOSIS PROJfCf B these thousand four of

WITH printed certificates CHRISTMAS it were1943. awarded for

SEALS fff$r|$f$$1|$5f.|55,jij,j51,j5;S4;|,j

1> I Jubitiikiuiriul&ual | lt a This handsome steel die enLfeliA* m graved award is now

ON LETTERS AND PACKAGES Deitnnt beingdeaconsofferedof thetoChurch.the

A 100 percent seal is attached. The award

.,,..,... m, toitmt a A;tM*b*Jfti isPresidingtoday—Josephsigned byBishoprictheL. of

Save your Eras Wirthlin,Isaacson, andThorpeCarlB.W.

in a maroon looseleaf Buehner. Over thirtyone thousand young

Fabrikoid binder men qualified for $1.75 "Sk these1958. awards in

The Improvement Era 50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah

984 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

project. to give at least one He had For the Missionary.. inpublic address a meeting Church

and gather fast offerings during at least seventyfive percent of the months he held the priesthood. Hepaid a full tithing, attended tithing D istinctive choice of

settlement, and carefully kept the programs to make the

Word of Wisdom. Quite an achievefarewell complete. The

ment! missionary's photograph

The requirements for teachers and included in folded priests are practically the same. Asprogram.

signments required are thirtysix;

ward teaching replaces fastoffering $18.00 for 500

gathering; priests are required to and 85c per 100

participate as speakers in two or for more or kss than 500 more priests'cottage meetings. plus postage

Otherwise there is no difference.

Since the beginning of 1959, The West's Finest seventyfive percent attendance at Printers and Binders

Sunday School is required. In addition, young Aaronic Priesthood

bearers will be interviewed personally by the bishop of the ward to Deseret determine if they are "otherwise worthy,"even if they meet all other requirements, i.e., have a satisfactory moral character, they will reNews

ceive no award unless they qualify here.

The new year—1960—will intro- * 33EM 4-2581RICHARDS ST. Press

duce still another requirementSALT tAKE CITilL UTAH seventyfive percent attendance at

MIA. With this addition, the entire

Church prog ram for Jimmy, and the other young men his age, will be brought into the award program.

(Ojurcl) %WS* SNOW BEAUTY

by Helen Reed Moffitt Weekly Report to You A glass of white foam of Church Activities Throughout the World

Spilled over the land, Every LDS home should have this instructive reading on all

Covering the lawns phases of the Church. Every week it brings you official instrucWith an icy hand. tionactivities,from inspirationalthe general editorialauthorities,messagesconferenceand newsreports,fromwelfareall of

the wards, branches and auxiliaries throughout the world. The

Fair as the feathers Presiding Bishopric's Page gives important reports for officers.

On a white bird's wing, MailBringthe couponthe "Churchbelow News"now forandinformation.its influence into your home.

Soft as the clouds On a day in spring.

Cljurcr) l\ews Hushed as the sound 143 South Main St. Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Of mist hung tall, "ChurchPlease News."send me subscription information on the

Light and whiteName It covers all. Address City State

DECEMBER 1959 985 WtPCO DuoPot The moving power of prayer

EXTRUDED ALUMINUM Richard L. Evans

-COMBINATION DOOR Highest Quality There likely isn't a much greater loneliness than

Lowpriced Door in the loneliness of a man who cannot find comfort the Intermountain THE and assurance and help outside himself. There

West SPOKEN likely isn't much greater loneliness than the loneliWORD ness of a man who has never found effectively in his Rugged, beautiful, precision built and a full 1 life the great and moving power of prayer. Prayer is an incalculable

thick. Converts in minutes source of strength, of peace, of courage, of comfort—the comfort

from storm door to that comes with knowing that there is a Source of help, of wisdom, screen. of guidance, outside ourselves, outside of human sources. Men seem

to rise to greatness when most sincerely humble, and never more

PnO'Mafe ALUMINUM sincerely humble do they seem than when approaching their Father 3-TRACK COMBINATION WINDOW in prayer, in acknowledging the debts, the favors, the blessings of in of patriots thought present. by the past are moved and We storm instantly window from Changes is It problems. to public prayerful approach prayer, and by the store. or Nothing to remove to screen.

Precision made of aircraft aluminum proper to pray for all men, even our enemies. It is proper to pray

for lifetime service. that the spirit of peace may move the hearts even of those who

intend no peace, to pray that their ill intent may somehow be

SEE YOUR LOCAL softened. Some of the most sublime moments of life are the moLUMBER DEALER ments when prayers are remembered: the prayer of a child at a

mother's knee, or the prayer of loved ones waiting; the prayer in

DISTRIBUTED BY time of illness, of sorrow, and in the problems and decisions of each

MORRISONtoday—thesay thatprayerwe understandof gratitudethe processto God.of Itprayer,wouldthebemeanspresumptuousby which

MERRILL & CO. atheman,burdenin hisof need,his mostcansinceresend hisdesires,spokento ora Sourceunspokenwhencethoughts,comethor

Building Material Distributors help. But the unseen forces that we are already aware of should

give us faith in other unseen forces. "We don't know the millionth

part of one percent about anything,"said Thomas A. Edison. "We

don't know what water is. We don't know what electricity is. We

don't know what heat is. We have a lot of hypotheses about these

things, but that is all. But we do not let our ignorance about these

things deprive us of their use."1 Nor should we let our lack of

knowledge concerning the means and channels through whichSERVICE prayer moves, deprive us of its use. And considering all the unseen

faith the fact that it of to accept short step are, is but a there is part of the forces of needs does infinite his in and know the can wisdom our Father bargain at Sears us all, our attitudes, our pleas and petitions, the crying out of the human heart, and does not leave those pleas unheard, unheeded.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, October 4, 1959. Copyright 1959.

Accredited to Thomas A. Edison in There Is No Unanswered Prayer, by Margaret

Blair Johnstone.

SILENT SENTINELS

by Joan M. Nelson

Lonely they stand in regal robes

Of sparkling diamonds.

Not living, not dead But waiting.

... and you may charge your

service call on your Sears Revolving Charge. Take 30 days Shivering branches against the cold,

to pay without a charge, or take In towering strength.

months to pay with a small The vigil of trees

In winter. charge.

986 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA hn$lHlft$is a thousand things

It's a winter's night, and an angel song... a giant star, and a tiny stable...

a manger, and straw, and swaddling clothes.

Christmas is a chime... a boy soprano, and Silent Tsfrght... carolers, and

The First 7<[oel... the tinkle of a bell on a sleigh, of a coin in a cup.

Christmas is Dickens, and Scrooge, and Tiny Tim. It's holly on the door,

a candle in the window... the scent of pine, and the sparkle of tinsel.

Christmas is red and green, and blue and silver. Christmas is white.

Christmas is cards, and ribbon, and tissue paper. It's a trip home, an open

latch, and a handclasp. It's giblets, and biscuits... cranberries, and mince'

meat pie.

Christmas is cold and warmth... forgiveness, and a smile.

Christmas is a prayer... a renewed plea for an ancient hope... For Peace on

Earth, Good Will Toward Men.

Copr. John Deere, Moline, III,

ILLINOIS MOLINE JOHN DEEREDECEMBER 1959 987

CRUISE THE CARIBBEAN ON THE IMMACULATELY WHITE, YACHTLIKE Melchizedek Priesthood

S. S. ARIADNE cruise ship of the hamburgamerican line (Continued from page 905)

CHOOSE FROM 4 EXCITING VOYAGES

THE GRAND CARIBBEAN THE ALLCARIBBEAN it is the actual preaching of the gosCRUISE CRUISE pel that brings to pass the conversion.

25, leaving for 1960 January for Haleaving 1960 March 8, Havana

....... "Faith cometh by hearing."vana..... Cristobal Bias. San Juan. Guadeloupe. San

..... La Guaira La Guaira Grenada. MonCuracao...... Accordingly, the Church program

... Cartagena.Curacao San. tego Bay and Grand. Cayman

... calls. all... for to teaching the gospel Bias mile's..Cristobal 17. Montego. 4,292 days......

...... Grand and Bay. and. Cayman $450 Priestof up holders the Melchizedek... miles. 5,023 20 days THRILLING AMAZONand $535 up it as effectively hood, teaching and

THE MARDI GRAS The CARIBBEANS.S. Ariadne leavesCRUISENew Orplainly as can be done. In teaching CRUISE leans March 26, 1960 for

.. leaving February 15, 1960 for St. Bay, Curacao, Montego. 1,000 one another the doctrines of the Santarem

. St. bearers priesthood should Thomas... the miles River to Makingdom, up Amazon

. Lucia. Trinidad. Guadeloupe La Guaira...

... visits the follownaus and returning, program into mold their......... Cristobal.Curacao.

. Kingston

... days.5,302. andmiles.Havana... 21 Belem,Havana Trinidad,... 31 daysSt. Thomas... 8,526and ing outline:

$560 and up miles. $900 and up 1. Formal Classwork. Every effort

All arrangements made at NO COST to you. shouldof the beMelchizedekmade to havePriesthoodall holdersatFor complete information write tend priesthood meeting, Sacrament

School. meeting, In Sunday and SERVICE CHRISTOPHERSON TRAVEL the gospel these meetings should be "Big Provo, Utah Box 144, John"Weenig

taught in an organized systematic way. Regular lessons and appropriate

gospel sermons are provided. The

Spirit of the Lord is in attendance to get INSURED touchthemselvesthe heartsto his ofmessage.all who Andattunein mm the final analysis no one is ever conAn agency of the verted except by the power of the

Federal Government Spirit. Highest w 2. Cottage Meetings. Most of the wjth fm % convert baptisms gained by stake

Interest Insured Safety rectand foreignresult ofmissionariesthe cottageare meetingthe di- T system. Missionaries arrange these

your savings received by the 10th earn from the first meetings either on a singlefamily or multiplefamily basis. In them they

teach the basic principles of the gospel.

Through long experience the SAVING Church has found that by following a systematic proselyting program the greatest number of converts will be made in the missionary work. AcandOCIATION cordingly, it is the almost unvarying

formerly Zions Benefit Building Society practice to present to investigators 33 EAST 1st SOUTHSALT LAKE CITY the lessons in the standard proselytplan. ing 4963 SOUTH STATEMURRAY conversion is conversion, Now,

LJta.Pi 8 Oldest Savings and Loan Association whether members or nonmembers

of the Church are involved. An inactive and delinquent elder who

of conversion can stands in need truth to the brought in the same ALL OVER AMERICAbe to turning People are as a person knows nothing who Electric Radiant way for heating more—of the of the message whatever

COMFORT CLEANLINESS(a separate(no smoke,thermostatsoot or dirt)in each room) restoration.

SAFETY (no combustion, noise or moving parts) It follows that cottage meetings pipes, ducts, (no furnace, vents or fuel storage) SPACE LIVING all held in the should be homes of

In Idaho, Utah, Montana, Colorado, Wyoming, Northern holders. California people ore turning to inactive priesthood They ELECTRIC SOLAR forHEATING INSULATION AND

A package deal—heating and insulation complete and their families should be taught

results—written Guaranteed

other fuel and less than ANYguaranteeother electricthat heatingheating costssystem.will be competitive with ANY the gospel. To begin with, at least,

Counseling from experienced men—we already have hundreds of successful installations. the lessons in the regular missionary

Reliable equipment—We are exclusive franchisee! distributors of GE Heating Cable, the finest plan should be presented. Wisdom in all the world.

Ask your Power Co. about US. Live better Electrically. suggests that those chosen to give

Mail inquiries to: SOLAR ELECTRIC HEAT & INSULATION

28 East 21st South, Salt Lake City, Utah

988 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Prize -winning cook finds easy new way to makethe lessons should, ordinarily, be returned missionaries who are competent and adept in their presentation. 3. Refresher Schools. Virtually Christmas Nut Ring

everyone in the Church has heard "You'll love this easy new way to bake!"says

of the tremendous successes and the Mrs. James Dixon of Pocatello, Idaho,

host of conversions that have reprize winner at last year's Tanana sulted from the holding of weekValley Fair in Alaska. "You just add

night schools with senior members forFleischmann'squick homemadeYeast totreatsBisquickthat used of the Aaronic Priesthood and their to take hours.

wives. Precisely the same results "It's yeast, of course, that gives

flow from similar schools when held that real oldfashioned flavor. And

with elders and other Melchizedek Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast is the fastest

Priesthood bearers and their wives. and liveliest there is. Keeps for months, too!"

Such schools should be held regularly, consistently, repeatedly, in all / CHRISTMAS NUT RING of the stakes of the Church. ( 1 package Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast 2 tablespoons soft Blue Bonnet

Recently a small brochure conYl cup warm, nothot, water(105 to 1 15 F.) Margarine or butter

1 sugar brown eggtaining lesson material for such 1 fruit sugar candied tablespoon chopped 2Htablespoonscup entitled,schools and "A School cup chopped cups Bisquick Diamond for V/l Vz

Members of the Melchizedek PriestDissolve Fleischmann's Yeast in warm water. on its side. Cover. Let risewalnutsin warm place

hood,"was sent to all stake presiAdd egg, sugar, and Bisquick. Beat vigor- (85 F.) about 1 hour. Bake in moderate

dents. Copies for all brethren ously. Turn onto surface dusted with Bisoven (375 F.) 15 to 20 min. Ice with

attending such schools are availquick. Knead until smooth, 20 times. Roll confectioners'sugar icing. Decorate with

able without cost from the General intoMargarine.rectangle,Sprinkle16x9withinches.sugar,Spreadfruit, withand candied cherries and walnut halves.

Priesthood Committee at 47 East Diamond walnuts. Roll up beginning at

South Temple Street, Salt Lake City wide side. Seal by pinching dough together. STCO"1*---01

11, Utah. This pamphlet contains sheet.Place sealedPinch sideends downtogetheron greasedmaking bakinga ring. tWUlllEw8ri

suggestions, lesson material, and With scissors make cuts % of way through proposed assignments relative to ring at 1-inch intervals. Turn each section /

these courses. recommended FLEISCHMANN'S Y EAST—ANOTH E R FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INC./ a result of orVV Study. As 4. Home

ganized teaching in classes, cottage meetings, and schools, it should not be too difficult to persuade quorummembers to study the gospel reguwake up your salads larly on their own initiative. Quorums could well adopt as a regular

project the reading of the standard withworks. Begin, for instance, with the

Book of Mormon or the New Testament, and get every member, who Tcutil will, to read these volumes. Then Flavor comes to life when Tang touches

follow up with the other scriptures. a salad! Doesn't matter what kind—

Systematic study will be of great fruit, seafood or vegetable—they're all

help in the battle for conversion. And

then it will help keep the converted tastier with Tang. Try any salad recipe

persons in the line of their duty. with Tang and see how much better it

Indeed, it should be with us as it tastes was with ancient Israel. After

Moses had given them the law of the Lord, he said: "Ye shall walk in

all the ways which the Lord your

God hath commanded you, that ye may live,... And these words,

which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart: And thou shalt

Help Fight TB

Use Christmas Seals

DECEMBER 1959 989

YOUR

SALT LAKE teachdren, andthemshaltdiligentlytalk ofuntothemthy whenchiltooTheremuchis aboutno suchthethinggospel,as knowingof cenOPTICAL thouthou sittestwalkestin thineby house,the way,and whenand teringthe thingsyourofheartthe Lord,too securelyor of keepingupon

HEADQUARTERS whenthou risestthou up."liest (Deut.down, 5:33;and 6:6-8.when theconversionwhole lawto thetoo wholeperfectly.gospelRealis

Italics added.) our goal. "Faith cometh by hearing."

EYEGLASSES

CONTACT LENSES ARTIFICIAL EYES The Church Moves On

HEARING AIDS ( Continued from page 888 dent Robert L. Bridge of the Riverside (Salt Lake City) Stake. He

3 LOCATIONS... succeeds Elder Lawrence E. Huber.

The The annual conference of the Relief Society began today.

OPTICAL SHOP andSessionsan eveningincludedreception.an officers'meeting, a general session,

420 Boston Bldg.

368 East First South The concluding day of the Relief Society conference was devoted largely to departmental sessions.

1062 East 2100 South EM 3-5262 The 129th semiannual general conference of the Church

Salt Lake City, Utah began today with general sessions in the Tabernacle.

A special leadership session was called by the Presiding

Bishopric this evening in the Tabernacle.

Missionary groups conducted their semiannual reunions throughout Salt Lake City tonight. Some reunions are to be conMY ducted tomorrow night.

SCHOOL LUNCH Anin theearlymorningAssembly Hallwelfareas part agriculturalof the generalmeetingconference.was held

IS Elder Howard William Hunter, president of the PasaGOOD I dena (California) Stake, was sustained as a member of the Council of the Twelve this morning as President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., my mom says it's

for good presented too! the officers general me She to the conference. of the Church

stone the grinds flour a of sessions General the conference this held were few morning and hours before baking the bread can you taste... theyummy,difafternoon in the Tabernacle. The daytime sessions of the conference

ference! were telecast and radio broadcast by stations in many cities in the

in west.

The priesthood session of the general conference met this evening in the Tabernacle. More than two hundred other groups

Invest in a LEE of priesthood, from coastto-coast, and in Canada, heard the

HOUSEHOLD speakers by directtelephone-wire.

FLOUR MILL Electric Portable Automatic Elder Richard L. Evans of the Council of the Twelve spoke

Economical on the subject "The Ultimate Objective"on the "Church of of Choice 4 mills, the Air"program of the Columbia Broadcasting System's for write today prices!

Save on introductory radio network.

flour offer coupon with. check.. sendor This general conference of the Church concluded with morning

money order for 5 lb. and afternoon sessions in the Tabernacle. pkg. stone ground

day shipped. In the evening, the Sunday School conference convened in the

Lee Engineering Tabernacle.

Company Milwaukee 1, Wis. Elder Howard William Hunter of the Council of the Twelve

Dept. IE-8-59 LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY,

I 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee Wis. was ordained an apostle by President David O. McKay in 1,

| DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. PPd. Only $1.50 the regular weekly meeting of the First Presidency and the

I WIS. MINN. FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. PPd. Only $1.00 Council of the Twelve held in the Salt Lake Temple.

I Name < Street I City State.

! 990 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TrainNOW

Animal Tales at Christmas Time

by Gertrude Cramer Williams

In America the only animals that we hear a great deal about at Christmas time are Santa Claus'eight reindeer. But across the ocean in

other lands, other animals are important during the holiday season.

In Belgium the donkey takes the place of our reindeer. The story is

told that no Belgian child ever goes to bed without first fixing a dinner of bread and carrots for the beloved donkey, who it is said brings St.

Nick.

In Denmark even the stock animals are fed a special Christmas supper, after they are combed and brushed and made comfortable for this, their important night. In that

country it is said even the donkey and ox know the hour of Christ's birth, and that at that exact moment they arise and bow their heads in honor of the event.

In Norway and Finland rye and wheat are thrown about outside the houses so that even the birds may party.have a Christmas

In Syria the camel is honored and PREPARE NOW FOR A HAPPY LIFE called the camel of Jesus because it with is said that he brings the gifts to 1. Business Training 3. Institute Classes

children.

One of the sweetest Christmas 2. Social Activity 4. Employment Guidance

stories tells of a little gray lamb who wanted to be pure white. This little

lamb wandered to the home of the Day and Night Classes Start Monday, January 4th

Holy Family and stood in the doorway of the modest house. The Christ at

Child beckoned to the lamb and called him in; then he lovingly laid

his hand on the gray lamb's head and the little lamb became as white Business CoCCegeas snow. LDS

70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765

DECEMBER 1959 991 This year let's not merely whisper, "Merry Christmas,"with no

Today's Family feeling. Let's shout it with all our hearts; opening our arms wide

and giving with complete abandon that which only we can give—Florence B. Pinni,Jr ourselves.

There is something so down to earth and basic about Christmas, the birthday of our Elder Brother, Jesus. He was born, he lived, he

taught those concepts and truths which have become the very foundation of our living today. On his teachings we base our civilization, and each year as we lovingly celebrate his birth our thoughts

turn back to fundamental truths, and again we try to love our neighbors as ourselves.

That word neighbor has such a depth of meaning. Of course it

includes that person who lives next door, but also those up and down Talents the street, those we work with, those we play with, and even those with whom we do business. At this time of year it is so much fun

to say with a brightly wrapped package, "It's been good to have known you this past year, thanks for just being youMerry Christmas."Let's

fill this gay package with a loaf of very special bread.

992 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Bread, too, has that certain basic, down to earth connotation—"Thestaff of life."What could be more con lose weight!

appropriate as an offering to our "neighbors,"this Christmas?

Almost every housewife has a special bread. These forrecipe a very

fromrecipes have come every When you use SURE MEAL corner of the globe. Make at least Streamline Your Figure

one unusual kind of bread your Improve Your Health specialty. Work at it until you make Feel Better—Look Better

it better than anyone else.

scientifically to furformulated that hai been is a PRODUCT calorie nutritional elements in a low needed the most important Now I want to give you two wonSUREnish theMEALhuman body derfully downto-earth basic bread meal. It is a concentrated food in powdered form that you mix with whole or skim

recipes. One is a delicious whole 20milkgramsor fruitof juicesproteinto frommake vegetables,a low caloriehighgrains andproteinmilk.meal.NineteenIn eachAminomealAcidsyou areget

wheat nut bread recipe. This bread, present. Just the right amount of carefully selected Carbohydrates and all the

once found on your table, will bevitamins and minerals normally needed. There are no Drugs in SURE MEAL.

come one of your family favorites. YOU CAN SAFELY LOSE i pounds a week when you use SURE MEAL. Have

SURE MEAL for breakfast and lunch—a low calorie meal at dinner—300 to 400 calories

It toasts beautifully and slices to—this meal should consist of a good serving of lean meat, poultry, fish or seafoodfruit. starchy foods. light on the not and (raw creamed) cooked—and Gomake tasty, satisfying sandwiches. vegetables—

little dressings, gravies, Rich Desserts the out for extras—as watch Leave Off the and

The second recipe is a never fail, bread, etc. You can lose 2 pound; a week—or more—depending on your third meal.

always good, sweet bread. One you I vU t./\IN jAVt I/Vit your calories are counted for you

can make quickly to add a delicious 241 Calories in each meal with whole milk.

is used. (fresh or canned).something to any breakfast, lunchONLY—169186 CaloriesCalories withwhen orangeskim milkuice

eon, or buffet supper. All this plus 205 Calories with pineapple juice (canned).

SURE MEAL mixes quickly in milk or juices with a spoon or simple shaker.

three other recipes for unusually use SURE you MEALYour MEAL. SURE MEAL will cost lessgood specialty breads. YOUYou'll CANsave moneySAVEeveryMONEYWhentime you use SURE

Let's begin with that basic whole than the regular meal it replaces.

wheat bread. YOU CAN HAVE A healthier, happier, longer, more useful life if—

you get your Weight Down—to norNut Brown Bread mal. Let SURE MEAL help you take

off the extra pounds—then use SURE

1 yeast cake MEAL to help you hold your desired weight. 5 tablespoons lukewarm water SURE MEAL is a good, quick nutritious 3 teaspoons shortening meal.

3 teaspoons honey 3 teaspoons molasses TRY IT -TRY IT SOON S0BH3 teaspoons salt A Ask for information on how to save on ALL VITAMINS NATURAL or Tablets. Capsules3 cups milk, scalded M E L money& MINERALS,

6 cups whole wheat flour 1 cup chopped walnuts (may be omitted Phone EM 3-9674 Don Lyman & Associates Free

Free Delivery 472 South 10th East Mail

Salt Lake City Salt Lake City, Utah Delivery

Soften yeast in the warm water.

Add the shortening, honey, molasses, Please send SURE MEAL—the Delicious way

salt to the hot scalded milk. Cool to reduce

to lukewarm and add the yeast mix20 Meal Size $4.75 40 Meal Size $9.00

Butterscotchture. Add the nuts and flour, enough Vanilla Q

to make a soft dough and knead \ Defatted Chocolate thoroughly, using extra flour if Send check or money order to save COD needed. Shape into two loaves and charges.

place in wellgreased loaf tins or I'm interested in raising funds for divide into three parts and place ] My Church Group

Myself or Family in three smaller loaf tins. Let rise Case240 Meals ]

$45.00 Name

Street Address City State DECEMBER 1959 993 to not quite double in bulk (about 1 teaspoon vanilla 2 hours) and bake at 350 F. for IV2 cups toasted coconut (4 oz.)

about one hour. Remove from pan (To toast, sprinkle coconut in a

and cool before slicing. shallow pan and place in oven while

it is preheating. Stir frequently to

After you have tried this sweet insure even golden brown color.

bread recipe you will find yourself Cool before using.)

creating many new and interesting 1% cups milk ways of forming the dough into 1 egg beaten

Christmas trees, large braids, snowballs, holly wreaths, Santa Clauses, Sift the dry ingredients into mixand other endlessly different forms. ing bowl. Add other ingredients

and stir vigorously. Turn batter

Basic Sweet Dough loaf into large a floured greased and beNOW! try (recipe may doubled) tin into or loaf tins. small Bake two

at 350 F. for about one hour until

1 yeast cake well baked. Turn out on wire rack

4 tablespoons lukewarm water to cool thoroughly before wrapping.

1 cup milk scalded Cut into very thin slices and serve 4 tablespoons shortening plain, toasted, or buttered.

4 tablespoons sugar 1 teaspoon salt An especially good cook shared 2 eggs, beaten her very different lemon bread recipe 3V2 cups flour (approximately) with me. Amy Blunt is known all

around Salt Lake City as one of its

Add shortening, sugar, and salt to best cooks.

scalded milk. Cool to lukewarm.

Add yeast, softened in lukewarm Lemon Bread water. Add eggs. Gradually stir

in flour. Form soft dough. Beat. % cup shortening

Cover with damp cloth. Let rise 1 cup sugar

(82 F.) until double. This takes 2 eggs

about two hours. Turn out on IV2 cups flour

floured board. Knead slightly. Let grated rind of 1 lemon

rest ten minutes (covered). Knead Vz cup milk

slightly again and form. From this 1 teaspoon baking powder

dough you can make two wreaths, Vi cup sliced maraschino cherries one very large braid, or eighteen V2 cup coarsely chopped nuts cinnamon rolls. After forming, let V4 teaspoon salt

double in bulk again. Bake at 350

F. until a golden brown. When Cream the shortening, sugar, and

making wreaths, divide dough into eggs well together. Sift together

two pieces. Roll to a piece 18 x 6 the dry ingredients and add. Fold

inches, brush with butter and in the lemon rind, nuts, and cherries.

sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar. Grease and flour two small or one

Roll up and form the 18inch roll large loaf pan. Bake about one hour

into a circle. Clip part way through at 350 F. Have pan of water in

dough every two inches; twist each oven while baking. Cool and frost

piece up. To make the braid, diwith Va cup of powdered sugar

vide the dough into three pieces moistened with lemon juice.

and make three rolls as for the Christmas boxes are sent all over wreath. Attach three rolls together the world, and it's wise to be very

at top ends and braid looselyLet careful of their contents. This is

rise to double in bulk and bake. true especially of the socalled perThe Good Housekeeping Take from oven and, while still hot, ishables. So often luscious kitchen

Seal g uarantees frostpowderedlightlysugarwithfrosting.thin waterSprinkleand sadlycreationsreceivedare packagedin an unrecognizableand sent but

Rancho's with nuts, cherries, citrus, etc. condition. Here is a recipe for a

goodness! And now for something very difbread that does not crumb and that

ferent in the way of breads. keeps moist for a long time.

w 15 GuaranteedI Housekeepingby Toasted Coconut Loaf Apple Banana Bread 3 cups flour % cup shortening 1 cup sugar % cup sugar 3 teaspoons baking powder 2 wellbeaten eggs 7 IV2 teaspoons salt 3 tablespoons sour milk DELICIOUS

VARIETIES!

994 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA talking's so much more relaxed 2 cups flour on a bedroom extension phone 1 teaspoon soda salt1 teaspoon vanilla nine sparkling colors 1 teaspoon

V2 cup nuts 1 small or medium banana, mashed, to order, plus applesauce enough to make one just call the cup. telephone

Cream together shortening and business office sugar, add the eggs, sour milk, or ask your banana, applesauce, and vanilla. Sift telephone

dry ingredients together and add to serviceman.

the creamed mixture. Fold in nuts.

Mix well and pour into one large or two small wellgreased loaf tins.

Bake at 350 F. for about 45 minutes.

Test center with toothpick. If it

comes out dry, bread is done. Remove from pans to rack and let cool.

Shout "Merry Christmas"gaily to your neighbors this year by giving of yourself and your kitchen talents.

The Toast of the Town* Household Helps made with

Payment for Household Helps used will be one dollar upon publication. In theevent that two with the same idea are subTABLE QUEEN

mitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can of course J

be returned, but each will receive careful consideration.

To make Christmas stockings from citrus fruit mesh bags, cut each bag in the shape of a stocking and finish seams with green or red bias tape. Mrs. R. M., San Francisco,

California.

toasts Popcorn trees can add a colorful note to Tastes better—your Christmas table. Pop corn as usual, better—because Table Queen

tint a sugar syrup with green food colorhas a smooth, even texture.

ing, and stir into corn. Form into little Try a loaf today—see how good

trees and trim with gumdrops. Mrs. E. M., bread can be.

Lansing, Mich.

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY, SALT LAKE AND OGDEN

When putting candles on your table for these holiday settings, keep them from dripping excessively and burning too fast by chilling them in the refrigerator for several taking days and them out just before using. Reminds you of fresh country cream Moberly, G. E., -Mrs. Mo.

..that good Morning Milk Do you like to hang popcorn balls on

tree? Christmas your them wrap Then in Extra rich in flavor... extra smooth in texture.

foil. It will the keep popcorn aluminum

fresh and clean and add glitter to your Keeps sweet and delicious indefinitely in the tree. Mrs. R. M., San Francisco, Calif.

unopened can. Guarantees superior cooking

Put scotch tape on plaster before driving results.

—D.a nailG.toM.,preventPortage,the Wisconsinplaster from cracking. So rich it whips easily when chilled

DECEMBER 1959 995 rica Motel MAIN STREET MAIN STREET AT 5TH SOUTH

320 Rooms The Motel Air Conditioned with the COFFEE SHOP Barber Shop Hotel Beauty Salon Location XJLil TitX—

\\ ir BURNED OUT REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, with tremendous added expense before you find another.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance to cover todays higher values. ON BEING A LADY

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY "Graciously Receive"

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

Sue loves to give presents and compliments to others, but she doesn't know how to accept them

FOLDKING graciouslyward way herself.of receiving.She hasMaryan cameawkFIL all happy and excited and full of the

DEVELOPED & PRINTED holiday spirit with a beautifully wrapped gift to give to Sue, but what a letdown! Sue acted emcposure Fold King barrassed and in her embarrassment

she seemed unappreciative. It is so

PHOTOS Copie FOLDING TABLE LINE easy just to say, sincerely and simply, is is all that you,""Thank and that social Kitchen committees, r GENEALOGYDircct-fromattention! groups, really necessary.

discounts factory up Churches, lo terms.—40%prices—to applies a compliment same The

alt Schools, and Clubs, Lodges PHOTO to ever beDon't you. extended 1115, Dept. organizations. MonIP. O. Box AA, Salt Lake City, Ut.1 new Our

FoldKing roe I960 Folding little the words and kind thoughts of Tables Banquet arc unmatched durability, quality, convenfor on giver the complimented when appearience and handsome ROILING.

sizes. ance. are wearing and 68 Models you what by saying, STORAGE. DRINK 7SMOOTH,EASYMODELS.HANDLING,

It's sight."thing? a "This old To BIG 1960 CATALOG FREE—in ungracious can be trucks, show chair Full table and chairs, line tables, how we pictures. Color fic<j year. A delightful 52nd bulletin boards. partitions, portable I receiving heard compliments, once for those platformrisers, hot beverage

Iowa Colfax, St., Church CO., 249 THE MONROE girls, of a teacher her say to one coffee. don't drink who

AT YOUR GROCERS "Jane, what a beautiful tan you have."And Jane, acting ill at ease,

NOW AVAILABLE - WRITE FOR replied, "I'm not tan, I'm a mess!"

COMPLETE LISTING OF IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS An answer like that is almost like FREE

Mormon Tabernacle Choir Records Aids in treatment of Canker, simple a slap in the face. Graciously give

Columbia Recordings sore throat and other minor mouth and graciously receive.

RECORD CENTRE all find ourselves Sometime 1/r on we and throat irritations. South T 47 Main j VI of receiving the Salt a sarcastic, unLake City, Utah end ZilI

kind remark. How do you react? HALL'S REMEDY Do you fight back by saying someWhen you think of TRAVEL Salt Lake City. Utah thing just as unpleasant? The best

Think of MURDOCK TRAVEL possibletime like thingthis isyouto returncould gooddo atfora 51 North State Salt Lake City, Utah THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

DA 2-1129 12 issues $2.50

996 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA evil. Be sweet and reply in that The wise men brought precious

spirit and try to understand why and exquisite gifts to the baby Jesus, that person was so unpleasant. When and at this time of year we too

someone else is rude, it is not an especially enjoy giving to those we excuse for you to be rude in return. love and those in need. This holiWe are told that it isn't what hapday season give and receive with

pens to us that is so important but your heart, and this will be the how we react to it. merriest Christmas ever.

it takes all four!

Just as a car needs ALL FOUR wheels, so your body needs ALL FOUR essential ingredients for normal growth:

Vitamins Minerals People and Portraits Amino Acids

Essential Lipids and only... NEO-... NEOLIFE of the Past with provides you LIFE...

all four to insure proper nutriRichard L. Evans tional growth. NEOLIFE, with

exclusive Treen-en research As a memorial was being considered to commemograin base, is the only whole rate the accomplishment of some great people of food supplement.

THE SPOKENtheconcernpast, inonehavingof theseengroupsomeoneexpressedpeeringconsiderableat a porYouthe drugstores.won't find It'sNEOLIFEavailablein WORD

trait of a great personality of the past, and saying, only through authorized disaltogether unimpressed: he? did are "Who's he do?"What We tributors.

life, living of in the present guilty often so absorbed that we may be of forgetting of the past. what generation to people Each we owe

to acquire seems of selfsufficiency, sense to forget in are you interested some and part that others formerly occupied the places, and even perhaps in a fascinating, the positions, that now are ours, and that through them we have profitable career?

the physical and mental and spiritual heritage we have. True, the

present generation, in a sense, owns and occupies the earth. Those full or parttime

who once held claim to it, are no more with us. As to all that is distributors needed

life tangible, they left it behind. lives his mortal and moves man A Open the door to a more said on. "All the a stage,"worlds actors Shakespeare. 1 The come

and go. But in that brief time when they play their earthly part, profitable and rewarding cawe are influenced by them more than now we know. What they reer. Be a NEOLIFE distribuwere, what they did, has great effect on us. No man stands alone tor and realize unlimited fiin any generation, as to what he is or what he has. Nor is any nancial success while helping

generation sufficient unto itself, nor is any person, ever. The past, others to a happier way of

plus what we are and what we do, helps to fashion the future. We life. Just fill out and mail the

are part of the procession of the whole human family. And a family coupon below for full details.

album, or an ancient archive, or the portraits of people, and what they were and what they did, and what they learned and what they left, are all a very important part of the heritage we have. To

cite some scripture on the subject, "... the heart of the fathers

[shall turn] to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers,"2—not only the fathers, but all forebears—for what they did, Nea and what they inseparably are to us is a matter of incalculable Life

consequence. We are tied to them, and they to us through the

succeeding years of time, into the endlessness of eternity. And the 'COklPANY OF AMERICA

names and pictures of people of the past are sobering reminders NEOLIFE CO. OF AMERICA

of the fact that someone may soon be looking back and wondering Fred Alldredge, Rt. 1, Box 333D, Sandy, Ut.

who we were—and of the fact that there is an inseparable oneness "1 the name of the NeoLife of the whole human family. Please '—'distributor in my area

send me over presented Square Spoken Word,"from "The Temple KSL and the detailsa NeoLifeon mydistributorbecoming Broadcasting System, 18, Copyright 1959. October Columbia 1959.

iWilliam Shakespeare, As You Like It. Act ii, sc. 7. Name

2Malachi 4:6.

Address.

City.. Zon State.

DECEMBER X959 997.

BALANCED

DOUBLE ACTION CHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU, TOO, MOTHER

MEANS BETTER BAKING

r* Guaranteed by w Good Housekeeping ven though she tal, take a few minutes to check the looks forward to senders'names against your list. Our

Christmas, there list changes and grows as years go are times when by. Rather than keep one big alphaevery homemaker betical list, we find it more conER wonders whether venient to classify the names into

there is any conrelatives, my husband's business CL nection between this mountain of acquaintances, my friends, and famwork and the original purpose of ily friends. The children have their

the holiday. Can she do all the own lists, too.

tasks necessary to keep the accusFor our family gift exchange we tomed tradition outwardly, and at have cut down the confusion as well

self to preserve it spiritually? For the benefit of those clever folk CLABBER GIRL the same time save enough of heras the expense by drawing names.

It can be done! The unbelievable who create their own Christmas

EXCLUSIVELY known as the neighbor who remains relaxed and gifts, name drawing is best done in

Baking Powder with the calm throughout all the holiday hubthe early fall.

BALANCED double action bub, yet manages to get "everything"Probably everyone budgets his

HULMAN AND COMPANY done in time to share in the spiritual time, however haphazardly, as TERRE HAUTE. INDIANA aspect of the season, has this secret: Christmas approaches. For the

She conserves her energy. homemaker, the careful allotting of

You can budget yourself—that is, energy and thought is even more

your time, energy, and thoughtimportant. Too many parties and

just as you budget your money; perget-togethers can seriously drain

haps you might like to start out with your energy as well as your time.

my system. If you keep a daily date book—and

Thought of this most important consult it before accepting invitaseason of the year is not whisked tions—it will help you to budget your

into our home with the magic wand energy.

of December 1. Rather, our prepara- I save myself a great deal of worry

tion begins a full year in advance; by keeping pencil and paper handy

for example, when we packed away and making a list of the various tasks all the Christmas decorations, we as I think of them. It is far less

set aside the plaster of Paris figures wearing on me to keep them on of the Nativity, patching and repaper than in my head. Then I

painting them, providing pleasant parcel the tasks out among the days activity for the older children during before Christmas so that no one is their summer vacation. Repairing overloaded.

the wire of the Christmas tree lights Of course many tasks must be done was a rainy day chore for Father. the few days before Christmas. But

Do you have friends and relatives by planning the menu, and buying with whom you exchange cards everything possible in the course of covered with long, chatty letters? my regular grocery shopping, I do

(I have scads of them.) However, save precious minutes during those

I've learned that all these letters last important days. The same rule

t& Reason's Greeting!* needChristmasnot rush.be writtenI stockduringup plentythe possibleapplies toshouldhousework:be done wellEverythingin adfrom JloinJetuidif of cards the year before (they keep vance of the lastminute rush. SpeJfrigfjam goung Hmbertfitp perfectly in their cardboard boxes), cial linens and dishes can be

and as the holiday season aplaundered in advance and placed

Please send a free HOME STUDY catalog to: proaches, I enjoy writing these leton a convenient shelf. At our house,

Name ters at my leisure. this rule also applies to the camera.

it loaded, ready for a canAddress. Before you bundle the cards you We keep

received off to the children's hospidid shot.

City. State

STUDY HOME Adult Education Extension Services and

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah

998 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA >y Pauline French Stacy

Don't be afraid to delegate "your"work to others. Be sure to give

thought to the tasks that can be skipped as well as to the ones that must be done. Allow yourself time

to enjoy sharing the story of the For fun times ahead... Nativity with the children on Christmas Eve, and to relax and watch Nothing does it like SevenUp!

them open their gifts on Christmas Now in Three Sizes morning. REGULAR 7 OZ. - KING SIZE 12 OZ. - FAMILY 28 OZ.

WE MORMONS SAY... TRAVEL IS

Bookrack

.'-;"'...'-.-.". - V. -

FROM WITHIN THESE WALLS, Richznr YOU5E! L. Evans ard

Harper and Brothers, New York. 1959. GDL7CAT10NAI. (gaJfcl*** '* Wftri oooo f"*

256 pages. $3.00. So Let's Travel This Winter With ROBBINS TRAVEL INTERNATIONAL.

From Within These Walls, the eighth HAWAIIDec, Feb., April WINTER OLYMPICS, SQUAW VALLEYJan., Feb.

the to from "sermonettes"come of book I RAVEL Phones: EL 5-8086, EL 5-7843 his 14 So. Main, Salt Lake ROBBINS for L. Evans of Richard facile pen

"Spoken Word"with the Tabernacle Choir broadcasts, takes its respected place in The Christmas Gift the libraries of knowing people. Reading that keeps giving

only for inspiration is provided—not for the throughout 1960 but enliven our calendar special days that

also for the hours when the reader needs $2.50

encouragement, enlightenment, or release from the pressures of the times. This is THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

a volume it would be well to own—for extra 50 North Main Street

special reading from a recognized thinker Salt Lake City 11, Utah and writer.—M. C. /.

SERMON SEEDLINGS, Compiled by AlBigMenimport-Women!craze now

sweeping the Jr. L. Zobell, bert Profitscountry means BIG

for at home you now! Salt Bookcraft, Lake City. 1959. 145 pages.

guides trader IMPORTFamousworld $1.00. for plan beginners. Ships Miller's BEAR HONEY

norisk indicates that preface compiler's The Sendwhile plastic gift idea! Cute, Honey convenient wonderful A

this is pitch. at fever for FREEboomexamination.isDETAILS to provide this of book purpose the

dispenser nodrip bottle nospill, with Bear squeeze MELLINGER.1717 Dept.X165C, Westwood, BOOMLos Angeles24, Calif. stories and speakers with teachers and

.. clover. filled with top pure famous MILLER'S

poems for enrichment material. The tenth honey. Everyone loves this novel way to serve deliciin the "storyteller's"series, this gives addious, nonfattening honey, nature's own quickenergy

tional inspirational material. Arranged food. Ideal for your food storage program. Shipped 15 Inch Typewriters suitable

alphabetically according to subject matter, prepaid anywhere in U.S.A., tax incl., only $1.00.

the book lends itself to ready usage of the Send check or money order (no C.O.D.'s please) to: for Genealogy work

illustrative material.—M. C. /. MILLER'S HONEY COMPANY Save from Write25% forto 60%free literature.on Factory rebuilts.

California Colton, Dept. K-12 TYPEWRITERS SCHREYER

since of Honeys The Honey So. State Salt Lake City 11, Utah? 894 757

DECEMBER 1959 999 The Last Word

After the Sunday School class had sung, "Silent

Winter Wonderland—ManNight"and had been told the Christmas story, the

kind might take a lesson from teacher suggested that her pupils draw the Nativity the snowflake: No two are scene. A little boy finished first. The teacher praised

alike and yet look how beautihis drawing of the manger, of Joseph, of Mary, and fully they work together on the Infant. But she was puzzled by a rolypoly

major accomplishments, such figure off to one side and asked who it was.

as tying up traffic. "Oh,"explained the youngster, "that's Round John

Virgin."

A man who is too busy to pray is too busy. Children have more need of models than of critics.

into the Christmas, before days I walked few A traffic officer ordered to pull up the motorist The just in to small time son where was playing,room my license. his driver's produce and the curb."to

.. singing: ride infant so tenderfoothear "Holy him

—Tom Ham tested."I don't"I understandhaven't donethis,anythingofficer,"wrong."the motorist pro-

"No, you haven't,"the officer replied, "but you were driving so carefully, I thought you might not have

An open mind is often an invitation to somebody to your driver's license."

drop a worthwhile thought into it.

He who is not grateful for the good things he has would not be happy with what he wishes he had.

When a man can leave himself to enter the lives of others, he leaves his own heart open so that God If all else fails, follow dimay enter and dwell within. rections.—From Fulton Oursler in "Why I

Know There Is a God"

Mealtime, as one overworked mother put it, is when the kids sit down to continue eating.

Even if today's cars are supposed to be mechanically It is no great thing to be humble when you are perfect and smooth running, some of them have a brought low; but to be humble when you are praised

lot of jerks in them. is a great and rare attainment.

is known by three signs—generPrefer diligence before idleness, unless you esteem A really great man

rust before brightness. osity in the design, humility in the execution, and

moderation in success.

1000 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Something warm and human and wonderful happens

To when you send flowersby-wire see phonefind yourbook YellowFTD florist,Pages:

"FloristsRetail-FTD"WorldWide Delivery lorists'Telegraph Delivery Now you can insure the whole family with a single

Family Package Policy

Whether it's a TV supper or an insurance no increase in cost! One lowcost, easyto-

program, many families like their purchases remember premium payment protects the all in one package. Beneficial's new Family entire family—Dad, Mom, and all the chilBenefactor Plan is a real family package dren, including those that haven't come on

that will fit whether you're just starting in the scene yet.

the family business—or have an economyIs this package for you? Send coupon

size houseful. Best of all, if your family below, or ask your Beneficial agent to tell

increases, so does your insurance—and at you more about the benefits of this unique

policy.

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah Please folder giving send full details about BENEFICIAL LIFE

TibbPaas'Jthe Plan. Family Benefactor HHIIHIIX IBB i

Name BBBUBBS Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah Mj

Address

City Zone State.