FEBRUARY. 1934

Return Postage Guaranfeed Salt Lake City, U+ah

f c ToNlNlefi andGleaner Girls The Improvement Era is planning to pay a year's tuition for one M Man and one

Gleaner Girl at Brigham Young University for the school year 1934-3 5.

Merrill J. Wood, of Farmington, and Miss Mary Thomas, of Malad,

Idaho, last year's speech champions, are both in school now, all tuition expenses paid for the year. Miss Thomas chose to study nursing, therefore

she was permitted to sell her Scholarship to a friend for enough cash to pay her nursing expenses.

LET US TELL YOU HOW YOU MAY WIN ONE OF THOSE COVETED "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA"—BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY SCHOLARSHIPS WORTH IN

TUITION AND STUDENTBODY FEES $86.50:

To the M Man and Gleaner Girl who wins the Church Championship in public speaking in the regular way at the Annual M. I. A, Conference next

June, "The Improvement Era"will award a Scholarship each.

ASK YOUR M MAN AND GLEANER GIRL LEADERS FOR PARTICULARS

The IMPROVEMENT ERA 50 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Seasonal Services Windshield cleaned. If you Radiator checked. We'll

have time, the attendant test the antifreeze to see to make your motoring more pleasant will... cleanfor saferyour windshielddriving. thator leakednone out.has boiled away

To keep your car in condition for enjoyable and economical motoring, bring it to a UtahOil Service Station. There you'll find quickstarting gasoline, winter grade motor oil and

lubricants, guaranteed tires and batteries, safe Battery tested. Your batTires checked. Keep your tery should1Bbe inspected tires properly inflated forantifreeze. In addition, we offer many extra frequently. Free test at safety and economy. Atlas

our stations. We sell AtTires are fully guarantime-saving services. We'll be glad to put your las guaranteed batteries. teed.

jiffy! in a car Get license plates on yournew 1—'/TnJT station. Oil at a in turning of Utahthe habit UM/j | Jb1

r /n MUTAH OIL REFINING CO Winter oil. Coldtest Vice Pep 88 Superfuel. The

flows freely at low temquicker - firing climatecontrolled with gasoline yet stands up SERVICE STATIONS perature, highest value antiknock heat and under terrific

There is one in your neighborhood pressure. at price of regular.

heSmprovemenl

FeJ bruaru

Phot0 of Volume 37 Number 2 Bonnie Butte by Earl Lyman Heber J. Grant, Editor

Harrison R. Merrill, Managing Editor Elsie Talmage Brandley, Associate Editor

EDITORIALS

Who Was George Washington?—. Harrison R. Merrill 96 Dollar Education Harrison R. Merrill 96

Who Was Abraham Lincoln? Harrison R. Merrill 96 Send Yourself a Valentine Elsie T. Brandley 97

ARTICLES George D. Pyper Claire W. Noall 68 Foundations for Happiness in Marriage—Contest Results

The Frontispiece Alice M. Home 7 - Parnell Hinckley 7 9

The Playing Missionary Fay Ollerton 74 A Message for All M. I. A. Workers Joseph F. Smith 81

The Cotillion Returns Virginia C. Nelson 76 Women and the Peace Movements Elizabeth Fitzgerald 84

Why Is Fat? Medical Staff B. Y.U. 77 Dare to Take Time Leila Marler Hoggan 86

The Power of Truth William George Jordan 78 The First Citizen Louis W. Larsen 98

FICTION Some Beautiful Way -Ardyth Kennelly 71 The Beloved Cinderella -Mary Imlay Taylor 82

POETRY Abraham Lincoln Cristel Hastings 67 Memorandum Ardyth Kennelly 99

Favorite Cristel Hastings 67 Dead Love Florence H. Townsend 99

A Good House Grace McKinstry 85 To You M. Conrey Bryson 99

The Winning Way Carl Fordis 88 Violets:Mrs. Harry Poll 99

Once Christie Lund 93 Forgiven Nell Larson 99

Questioning Helen Margaret Jane Cole 99 Wash Day Elizabeth Whitmer Locke 99

Pansies for Thoughts Estelle Webb Thomas 99 Woman's Strength Nova M. Burkett 99

DEPARTMENTS Book Reviews 100 Seniors 109 Lights and Shadows on the Screen 101 M MenGleaners 110

Department of Education 102 Gleaners 111

Church Music 103 Juniors 112 Melchizedek Priesthood 1 04 Vanguards 113

Aaronic Priesthood 105 BeeHive Girls 114

Ward Teacher's Message—February, 1934 105 Boy Scouts: 115

Executive 107 M. I. A. Accomplishments During Nov., 1933 117

Era and Publicity 108 WE DO OUR PART Your Page and Ours Inside Back Cover

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations and Department of Education

Published monthly by the GENERAL BOARDS OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOOATIONS

Melvin J. Ballard, General Mgr. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL OFFICES: Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Clarissa STREET, Beesley, NORTH A, CITY, MAIN SALT Associate LAKE UT. Mgr. 50 secondclass as Lake City, Utah, Copyright, by the 1932, Men's Young Mutual ImprovementO. B. Peterson, Business Mgr. for matter. Acceptance at mailing Association Ccfrporation Jesus Church Christ of the of Morris,George Q. special rate Saints. of rights for All postage provided reserved. of Latterday

Katie C. Jensen Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; in section 1103, Act of October,

Chairmen Era and Publicity 20C a Single Copy. 1917, authorized July 2. 1918.

COzo >-oa

z 111XH Ike OTZ oeo

:f Abraham Lincoln

As well count the stars On a still summer night Or the leaves on the poplars, Or birds in their flight As well count the raindrops Or measure the sands On every white beach Of far, foreign lands As well name the waves Of the world's seven seas.

For each act of Lincoln Was woven like these Into one golden fabric Of durable strength Each act was a poem And lifelong in length.

:<iU

ABRAHAM LINCOLN, BY GUTZON BORGLUM, IN THE COURT HOUSE PLAZA, NEWARK, N. J.

Photo Courtesy Lincoln National Life Ins. Co,

Favorite

An incident in Lincoln's life?

I liked the one of steps he took,

Weary, patient, plodding steps

For the sake of one lone book!

Lincoln knew that books could be

Ships to take him where he willed

A fount of knowledge in his thirst

To read and learn. His young mind filled

With ambition's eagerness.

Long he read into the night.

Slowly and laboriously, THE SHINING DOME OF THE CAPITOL By a fitful candle light.

FROM THE SENATE OFFICE BUILDING

Two Poems By CRISTEL HASTINGS:ORGE By CLAIRE W. NOALL

."A

In this article our readers will get a closeup view of the many activities of one of the most lovable characters in the Mormofi Church.

I! I'l

character of Utah following its found- /, ji'THEing by the Mormons was distinctly colored,f/0VUl-i--'<e-il by the way in which the Church developed its social life by fostering music and drama.

These arts, a precious heritage to the State, have been emphasized in each generation, and have afforded many remarkable opportunities for selfexpression among the people. Shining through

the artistic expression of the Church is the name of George D. Pyper, which for half a century and

more, has been linked with the best we have had in music and drama.

1 e*2fevt Like the mellow glow of an Indian Summer day is the autumn of George D. Pyper's life

rich and warm with kindliness, love, and spir- ''i ''? ituality. The gentle accent of his voice denotes

his character. To talk with him is to realize

that he is a man whose days have been beautified with the spirit of God. To look into his venerable face is to know intuitively that here is a man

whose way of living has ABOVE: INTERIOR been harmonized with peace

OLD SALT LAKE and understanding. And yet THEATRE.

in his of life the pages book t **-*w LEFT: BUT AT fascinatbeen filled with ONE have LETTERS OF MANY

FROM PROMINENT ing episodes! There has been

MEN AND WOMEN OF no period of his existence STAGE. THE

X-D. PYPER Singer Friend of the Arts flctor Editor Theatre Manaq er

which has not been replete with trained in choral work with Prointeresting activities. fessor Evan Stephens.

For the past fifteen years Mr. He was choir leader for eight

Pyper has been a member of the years in the Twelfth ward; for

General Superintendency of the twentyfive years he sang the leadSunday School of the Latterday ing tenor role in the Salt Lake

Saint Church with Superintendent Opera Company; he sang solo parts

in the choir of L. Tabernacle on and Stephen two David O. McKay

D. GEORGE its first years tenor tours; he he for thirtyfive famous was Richards; PYPER

has worked on the General Board in the Eighteenth Ward Quartet, of that institution. As a young and years before that organization

man, strange to say, he was judge was broken into by the death of lad, he adored going to the theatre;

of the police court in Salt Lake Horace G. Whitney, he had sung at he thought how fine it would be

City. For more than a quarter of over a thousand funerals. He was some day to be attached to its per-

a century he was manager of the one of the early members of the Orsonnel, but he could hardly imagine

Salt Lake Theatre, but like the pheus Club; he belonged to the that he would actually become its

clear tones of an obligato, music Philharmonic Society; he was manmanager. It almost seems as if

has been the constant accompaniager of the Musical Arts Society, some kind fairy's goodluck wand ment of his life. He has sung aland at present he is President of had touched him on both shoulways. Inevitably and irresistibly, the Salt Lake Civic Music Assoders, so many of his dreams have

no matter what his daily occupaciation. come true. During the thir&y years

tion might be, he has affiliated with Seventythree years ago, on of his management of that "Catheone musical organization after anBroadway, which was then residral of the Desert"he became acother. He first studied voice with dential between Main and State, quainted with most of the notable

Professor George Careless and in the rear of the adobe. houses persons of the stage. He has conwhich fronted the

street, stood a little log cabin, the birthplace of George D.

Pyper. It is interesting and significant

that he should be born on the site now covered by the stage of the Victory theatre. The highest

span of his dramatic and musical career coincided with America's golden age of the theatre. He studied

for the law, but he realized the fondest dream of his childhood when he became manager of the Salt Lake Theatre. As a

LEFT: GEORGE D.

PYPER AS ROBIN HOOD WITH MRS. HAZEL

TAYLOR PEERY.

ANDRIGHT:EMMAMR. PYPERLUCY

GATES IN THE OFFICE OF THE OLD THEATRE.

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934

tinued his correspondence with Otis to their father's flour mill down in worms in the cocoonery, situated

Skinner, dean of the American the valley where the mill was close to the Eagle Gate, for a facstage, to this day. Herewith is a turned by the stream. George was tory in the southern part of the

facsimile of a letter from Mr. baptized in the waters of this same city. He fed the worms young

Skinner, written in 1928, in comcreek. limbs from the mulberry trees

memoration of the theatre. As a lad he which came from

herded cows in the Brigham Young's "KAANY other famous actors of open fields of what mulberry grove on 1 the Church farm in national and international is now Yale Ward.

fame have called George D. Pyper The first money he Forest Dale. The

friend, but it is with the dear faearned was five limbs were placed miliar figures of Utah's own mucents for swishing on small hurdles sical artistic and that world stood bossie old on we an along CLAIRE W. which closely associatemost him. His tables, his father's with and the NOALL

name is inseparable from those of herd. To young worms were alEvan Stephens, George Careless, George, that nickel lowed to feed on

this of sketch author 'T'HE of J. McClellan,John P. Edward until scarce they in those a them—as the of SupertnGeneral memberKimball, Willard Weihe, Arthur to spin. as were ready tallow days cantendency of School the of the SundayShepherd, Squire silk Coop, dles are Later in these Hugh on a new lives in Saint Latterday Church,

Dougall, B. Cecil Gates, Emma seemed as large as Salt Lake City, where she is rearing factory was built

Lucy Gates, and the members of the harvest moon. a family and serving her Church. in the mouth of

his quartet, which was composed One sunny day, City Creek Canof Horace G. Whitney, John D. he and his companions took a yon just where a bed of canna lilies

Spencer and usually Horace Ensign Maywalk out near the mountains. now blooms in the center of the

or William G. Patrick, besides himThe apple trees were in leaf and the little park at the foot of Third

self. Many of these people have lucerne and wheat were high. SudAvenue, and George then helped

passed on to another existence, but denly the sun was darkened by a to plant two hundred mulberry their influence will have a lasting cloud of grasshoppers, a swirling trees close to the new factory.

impression on this community. mass of living, pulsating insect life Two or three of President Young's

Filled with the enthusiasm for—another of those dreadful visidaughters came over to the cocoonmusic and drama that was so evitations. When the boys returned ery three times a day to help feed

dent in their pioneer atmosphere there was not a green leaf in sight. the worms. Many an exciting conand background, versation took

this group of muplace between sicians formed the them and the boy nucleus for a disfrom Sugarhouse tinctive phase in concerning the

Utah's musical deplays they had seen velopment. Among in the theatre. The

them were some Deseret Stock fi n e composers, Company, assisted conductors, and by some of Amerdirectors. Because ica's leading figures

of his splendid caof the stage, was pacity as a manthen at its very ager and promoter best. Almost every

of artistic enternight in the year, tainment, George the old theatre was

D. Pyper has lighted with its

worked hand in myriad of oil hand with all of lamps whiLe them. His closest "Cherry and Fair

friendships have Star,""The been formed Nymph of the among this group Lurleyberg,""East and with his SunLynne,""Rip Van day School AssoWinkle/'"Oliver ciates. "Leah, thoto by George K. Lewis. Twist,"

Long before George Pyper ever DENTMR. GEORGEPYPER, S.PRESIDENTROMNEY ATGRANTTHE CENTUflYAND PRESIOF the Forsaken,"or some other play

sang in a quartet or took a leading PROGRESS EXHIBITION. full of heartthrobs, was presented.

role in an opera, he and his brother, And though the girls and George

Robert, sang in concerts and ward George did not sing then; the sumsaw the plays from different parts

entertainments. And before that, mer's crop was ruined. of the house, the same enthusiasm

they sang as they roamed the fields When George was ten the family thrilled them all. The President's

and followed Parley's stream, moved back to the city where they daughters were accompanied by named after Parley P. Pratt, who lived on Fourth East in the their father when they attended,

was the first to explore the canyon, Twelfth Ward. For two summers and occupied either his box or seats

from their new home in Sugarhouse he helped his father raise silk close to the front in the parquet,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934 71

while George stowed away in the clerk, alderman and finally as judge, at the organ. Mr. Pyper came

top gallery, wondering if he ever Mr. Pyper's political light was back from Chicago to Salt Lake,

should sit down in front. snuffed out when his party went and returned with the Choir, singOne of his favorite pastimes was down with the swing that turned ing some of the tenor solos on the

to rummage among the discarded the city over to the Liberals, and road. After the tour was over he

properties of the old Social Hall he was dedicated to a larger service. went back to the fair to complete

Theatre which were stored in BrigHis life became more and more pichis work there.

ham Young's "Lamb Barn,"but turesque as time went on. Like Prior to this time he sang on

most of all he loved to find his the concentric rings of a circle, made the Choir's first trip to San Franway to the third circle of the playby tossing a pebble into a pool of cisco, where they toured as far house and see a real drama in acwater, small events led to eversouth as Monterey. The people of

tion. He went to school for a widening circles of activity for him. the West had always been friendly

while in President Young's private He became associate editor of the to Utah, and this was a very enschool, just inside the rock wall; Contributor, forerunner of the Era, joyable experience.

at the age of twelve he went to Assistant Secretary of the Deseret In 1896, Mr. Pyper, Brigham

work as a cash boy in the Z. C. Agricultural Society, and Secretary H. Roberts, and Melvin J. Ballard

M.I. of the State Fair Organization. left for the Eastern States as speHis father became judge of the Consequently, he was sent to the cial missionaries; Edward P. MidgPolice court, and fate or circumWorld's Fair at Chicago in 1893, ley joined them later. After a

stance stepped in to turn the boy where he spent six months in charge year in the mission field, however, from his dream for awhile. George, of Utah's agricultural department. Mr. Pyper was appointed to take

who was then fourteen, was apHis warm hospitable greeting welcharge of Utah's exhibit at the pointed clerk. He spent fifteen comed all Utahns who attended the Tennessee Centennial, where he

years in the court, the last five as fair. And imagine Utah's pride in spent the next eight months. Upon

judge. What schooling he received him and her own Tabernacle Choir his return, he became secretary to

he gathered on the run. In addiwhen it won second prize in a Heber J. Grant and manager of the

tion to his early education in the worldwide choral contest at this latter's life Insurance company. He

Sugarhouse and the Twelfth Ward fair, with Professor Evan Stephens came home to a most enthusiastic schools, he studied law for two conducting and Joseph J. Daynes welcome. The Salt Lake Opera

years under Judge Sutherland and Company was organized just beJudge Rawlins, and attended the fore his return, but what was an

University for a while under Dr. The Frontispiece opera in Utah without George D.

Park. Here he met his life comPyper? The leading role in "The

panion, Emmaretta Whitney PyBy ALICE MERRILL HORNE Chimes of Normandy"was sent to per. FORMS OF HILLS,"a landscape by the him by mail; he memorized it on

In a class one day, in order to painter Ranch S. Kimball, is used for the train, and was ready to sing

his return. All in all, hecompliment a girl on whom he FrontispieceThe first sketchof ujasthe February,painted between1934,CedarEra. upon

was smitten, on a recitation she had City and St. George, sang the tenor in twentyfive

spoken, he relayed her a note to What is it that stirs the emotions in operas. Among them were: "The

the efiect that she had done splenthis outstanding modern rendition? Is Queen's Lace Handkerchief,""The

a r t h a,"and did. The note came back with ly hasit theplacedeffectivelight mannerforms againstin whichdarkthemasses?artist Mandarin,""M

added to the adverb in parenthesis. Or is it the rhythmic arrangement of line? "Robin Hood."

The addition was made by his fuCould it be just the solidity of the hills or fine the Perhaps sky? of movement the hands ture wife, through whose vibrant, magnetic man! the "PHIS

if not, these and, answer, could of sum she passed. However, note had and His dynamic enthusiasm unearthly the almost the mystery, of what

did not realize that she had started light, that suffuses this landscape? Somevitality carried him on to one vivid

her life's work with that correction. thing profoundly impresses the observer experience after another. In 1897,

recogthe even to that the extent layman at J. the request Grant, of Heber

hills. solidity nizes the of the as judge, five years hisTOURING president Salt the of Theatre Lake it is gets into that say can what Who in the ruled Mr. Pyper the creHate he fine assumed in the manto Company, courtpaint canvas a make

room by day and held the boards observer a feeling akin to that which a agership of the Salt Lake Theatre.

discrimileaves overture masterful a with night, at Salt Theatre the by Lake deftly the Gracefully he and met listener? nating roles in tenor leading the singing life a at of the theatre with fund is art his for fraught Mr. Kimball As gave operas. he the Though home the quiet disarmed which humor independence. has one to with no He

some men a sentence to jail in the please save himself. He is tremendously angry and stood proof against all

this mountains, by bit moved a others of gave he subject—Utahmorning artistic temof the ups and downs

record his is to one and purpose lovely his at night with heaven a priceless their perament. what And yes, majesty, to of crude- a suggestion even

first in role tenor was tenor. His theatre the in his years legacy from ness. others Let the Westsweeten our up

"Patience,"sung at the age of ern hills and pile up mushy mountains to are his friendships among America's twentyfive. delight the wouldbe art lover, who can brilliant actors and actresses! When

the of never to an understanding come taken penhad Mr. Pyper, who here her was on Adams Maude great fundamentals of art, which J. Grant, under Heber manship are recent tour, singled she Mr. had color in unity of construction, was honesty

also an expert penman. Before the and design, simplicity and dignity of form.. Pyper and Daniel S. Spencer out as

click of a typewriter was ever heard So this painter keeps his picture simple, two of her men friends with whom directness, frankpaints with with draws the minutes engrossed in he Utah, visit, a great desired she to honor, ness, designs achieve bis pattern to and the passed City the laws by and rich after years absence her from many recurrence to color notes complete of and a fifteen '80's. in the After Council could the state one is and from fine as music. such in who accomplished

years spent in the courtroom as (Continued on page 89) y

Here is the letter which accofnpanied this story from Albany Oregon: Heres Holly

and heres her stepmother Georgia and this is about nothing at all but One Day. Like Holly

pleasey because shes so shy and so little and everything? We did; we hope you do.

\ OLLY never I could say, any time after, what made her say she was going to have a party when she wasn't. It was a lie.

It was a dreadful, horrible lie and the only unbelievable thing about it all was that God had heard her and hadn't killed her dead.

But the story doesn't begin there.

It begins with her and Georgia.

If she had been a very ugly little girl it would be easy to understand why Georgia didn't love her. But she wasn't a

very ugly little girl except that her hair didn't curl and it was blacker than anything. Maybe

Georgia would have loved her if her hair had been curly and the color of Georgia's own. Yellow.

Pretty clear yellow, like dandelions.

As it was she looked like Mama.

She couldn't say herself because she didn't remember Mama very well (only that she was a lovely soft person, smelling somehow of blossoms, who had loved her and who had died). She'd been nearly five

when Mama stopped living in the world and stepped over to heaven. Mrs. Street,"they said to Georgia. I GEORGIA WAS SITTING IN THE BIGAfter that. Holly had lived with "The very picture! You didn't CHAIR BY THE WINDOW AND SHE LET

Mrs. Bissell, and Grandma, and know her mother, did you?"HOLLY STAND LOOKING AT HER WITH

hardly ever with Daddy alone. And Georgia said politely, "Is GREAT ROUND EVES. StiE DIDN'T

She knew she looked like Mama she?"and "No, I didn't."YOU'RESAY, "I'MMY YOURLITTLEMOTHERGIRL, NOWAND ANDWE

because people said so. Women And then the women would say, LOVE EACH OTHER, AND TOGETHER

who came to visit said so. "How do you like being stepWE MUST MAKE DADDY HAPPY."

"She's the picture of her mother, mother?"in funny high voices.

By flRDYTHKENNELLY Some Beautiful ILLUSTRATED BY PAUL CLOWES WAY

And Georgia would say, 'Oh, except, inside her, "Even angles,wc get along fine."or fairies or actresses couldn't be

They did get along fine, too, if as pretty as you. Can you sing

that meant living in the same house 'Go to Bed, Tom?'I'm too big

and eating at the same table. Only to be sung to, of course, nights, but

Holly knew that Georgia didn't I just wondered if you know it.

love her. She was a big girl, see I'm too big to be rocked and kissed,

please, anyway, someseven and a half—and she could too, but do,

tell. For one thing, Georgia didn't times."Things like that. Silly

want to be called Mama. At the things that you couldn't say. So

beginning she'd said, "You'd better Holly shook her head and said no, just call me Georgia."That was there wasn't anything to talk over.

the first morning when they were And so they just looked at each alone together, after she and Daddy other, and felt queer, and anybody had come back from where they'd old and wise would say they "got been for two weeks (while Holly off on the wrong foot together,"stayed with Mrs. Bissell) after bethose two.

ing married. It was too bad, because as days

went on they got farther and H(LOLLY knew she was farther apart, and there didn't seem too big but she'd hoped Georgia to be anything to be done about it.

would let her sit on her lap that Holly leaned close to the glass first morning. Only when she saw that morning and looked at herself.

Georgia looking so pretty and deliWhat was the matter? She wasn't

cate and like you couldn't touch ugly (and that's the reason people her, in pale green, she knew she hated people, of course) because wouldn't. Georgia was sitting in they said she looked like Mama and

the big chair by the window and Mama hadn't been ugly. Of course,

she let Holly stand looking at her she had some freckles. She felt a

with great round eyes. She didn't little sick when she saw how many.

fifteen. She say, "I'm your mother now and There were—oh,

you're my little girl, and we love counted them with a little finger.

each other, and together we must Across her nose. Georgia didn't

make Daddy happy,"though she have a single freckle on her white thought it somewhere in her. She skin.

said, "You'd better just call me Besides, the two teeth in front

Georgia."And then she sort of were too big. The baby teeth were

stopped and looked out of the winjust right, but the new teeth were dow and Holly looked at the sun too big. She could see that when

shining on her hair and thought, she grinned thoughtfully at the glass. in the image angels pretty "Even be."as eyes her were green. And as her. Even couldn'tfairies—at herself stared a long time. She her that couldn't Holly know

round grave eyes frightened GeorIt was no use trying to pretend.

gia and that Georgia didn't underShe was ugly.

stand how to talk to children very She began, suddenly, to cry, and well and was shy herself. She did that made the little girl in the glass

try, though. She said to Holly, very ugly indeed, "I hate you,"

"Is there anything you'd like to she said. "I hate you. I hate

to talk over? Anything you think you!

we ought to say to each other?"Georgia heard her,

And Holly couldn't seem to coming down the hall with an armthink of anything at all to say {Continued on page 122)

flGOODwas a youngmanyoffspringyears agooftherethe

Kimball family who had very definite intentions of becoming an actor. Very definite intentions

and five hundred dollars. Just

when he was ready to start east after the manner of all good actors in his day, he received a mission call. Much to the relief of his

family and friends, he used the money for missionary railway passes, board, and tracts. Years

later, as an apostle, he liked to tell how he had been saved from the stage. Some two years ago another PLAYING

member of the same family, Golden

L. Kimball, was faced with the

same problem, sans five hundreddollars. Ever since Golden was MISSIONARY

fifteen years intended old he had told his need,"friends written. subjects"he Morhad him when

a great actorto become a still and a "Progression"of packed not copy mentioned once he was monismgreater playwright producer. and

it trunk. the steamer in the play, in of his but was permeated bottom

get along in the orhe worldTo it, but need not he our of with might and some He mysticism—ganized a players of company when results. practical reminder. it as a of "I our wanted some may And seventeenhe to was took and them essence 'Progression'are veritable these the of play he in German,"Idaho. Sometime later he headed retorted. laughed. Mormonism. And everybodya more pretentious company and 1931, he came to So in March, Then came the mission call.

I'fl a'inrr. career Olol&cn a city in his of old buildings Dresden, break and it mean Would

.ftnmploit fciiie itnb ffiiitbatl? set traditions, 11116 that years music, of of back of art, would Did and him *!ilfwiclctS3ronMicnt tfunti 2t6t)ttct,

iUfOflOalciic niiRctScm lulmnit, ii.S>miii).e. culture. religion his to a delay Six hours he enough day SI. mean ini5;Hc(tKujtrjcnlct uoiit'SBttt Jvmt(vitfcuiblc, ftiiS liilbcfcu SrcSticii, Jt iajtfon, course his tracted there after he then ambitions? was studied; and Of uoii ftvciattiflc.i Stud ciit Spict in floltcm a

<;3 n i t r 3;itct 1 ofl itntct bcm ffim&oH set precedent the late the attended meetings done Apostle that was by c ciiaU1 otohcit 6amit SarBot un& (ortjdbiitt)

visited he while prospecGolden, and Whitney. had and members

SBufiiictt= 'mtcrcffaiit, Sickm tcfti- (5 war utiS tive oaS If fcfic", spare a against a great bcftaiiiictt nothing members. msu becoming hour came ciit <UtobIcm ffud

nontfl 2!cnt|d)Ioii&, in minbeftcn euro4)a, in sum visited art great gallery, the to actor iit preferred foiolonifdjcr he be an and man ifi: Sie SJcncrfroflc fremb

ciitcm au Sciicljutm, iitcnidjtidKr rciit unb first. river althe that divided rowed upon playwright he had Yet (gnthccluitn, Su6iircf) ixx cntiuictcU, aSeiticn

on Oabcn, 5t&"u icinen in A"!8(ut"farDinciS the the old to a one, mission. wanted go from on town ways new luufr, actricScn SkvAiuciflunfi 3iaii!) bet ftcn

unb Ubcntiinbunn iliaft bio hUt idjlicBIid) aOcr field It to find the dreamily be a over walked of and hard would {%toiXDit[d)ritt iuueicn cincm Stt bomit

Stmciiffl in 'S)ai-. fint StiicJ oufDrliiflt. little ancient stones. labor ntcffion) a Kimball, There without and two was uon murbc cvtebi unb 9tu!l"itl)runacn am ielc

bcr OTittilicbcrn last to plays. crfdiicncjicn time years forthink a half of Sflfjliei* and wouldn't came Soon ben

oro6ci mit SCoIontc amcrifaniWcn gicririen ever. iiufflcnommcn,. tctclfc CAST FOR THE "PROGRESSION"AS PLAYED "That's one thing you won't CHEMNITZ, GERMANY AT

A PART OF TWO PARAGRAPHS FROM THE "DRESDEN ANZEIGER"toured Arizona, New Mexico, and

Colorado. After these ventures he

wrote "Mararetta"and "Progression,"three act dramas. In Los

Angeles the Gleaner Girls sponsored the production of both plays and a wellknown laundry company issued bulky programs. The

following winter Salt Lake saw the latter play in many of its ward chapels. "Progression"was the young man's favorite. It was his desire to

write of Mormonism, not as doctrine but as a way to a happier life.

He wanted to show his religion as a kind of knighterrant among less fortunate sects. "Progression"was

his first attempt and the chance came while he was waiting for Hollywood to notice some "short

And along comes an elder with a new idea regarding the freaching of the Word—he recognized in the theatre

what all of us should doy one of the greatest agencies for in the education worlds and had the courage to take the to the stage. Gospel Message

By

Relief Dresden For the Unemployment (Dresdner Winterhilfe) needy YM OLLERTON te& FundCHARITY EVENT and

Americans in Dresden m Thursday, March 16, 1933, 8 p. m. in "Kaufmannschaft"

Hall, Ostra AUee Honorary Patronage Dr. Wilhelm Kulz Arminius T. Haeberle

Lord Mayor of Dresden American Consul General

PART I. "PROGRESSION"

Jrama, by Golden LaMarr Kimball, played by members of the Utah Dramatic

Company, and Mrs. Magdalene Witt, Rcsidcnz Theatre, and Mrs.

A. K. Janson, Dresden

Preceded by negro spirituals sung by Mrs. ELSA WIEBER, of the Dresden Opera

PART II. SOCIAL EVENING

Refreshments, Dancing, and "Variete"numbers by the following popular artists of Dresden: Marey Brion, Frances Coleman, Elisabeth Fleischer, Wigman School

(Florence Gordon and Barbara Mettler), Dresden Revellers, Poldi Harlanns,

Frank Marlitt, Gunther Sanderson, Fritz Schultz, AtlantisClub-Band

Information and Tickets at the "Winterhilfe,"City Hall Room 49 (Tel. 24103)

and American Consulate Schlossstr. 7 (Tel. 20469). Admmission: 3, 2. 1, Marks

for the entire performance. Tickets for the second part alone (1 Mark) to be

purchased not later than March 15th

den, were now moved to a beautiful WHITE,"INVITATIONSAND BLUEBEARINGSHIEtD, ONANDONEONSIDETHE AOTHERRED, old Berlin residence and there was THE GREAT SHIELD OF DRESDEN, WERE SENT soon to be a great gathering of the OUT."

German saints. President Budge

became "FortSo "Progression"Elder with Kimball to work GOLDEN LA MARR KIMBALL asked at the and was presented oneschritt"some and produce I. A. the M.

e s t s a 1 c, Residenz-F Lindsberger act plays. hesitant, that young Not transfers to BischofGorlitz and

Strasse It 1, 31 April 1932. on a wrote play about Joseph man to swerda, time think with more

first threeact play prowas the to his for a and Smith trunk went a better of understanding and with

I. A. in the whole the German people. The church short act used in the Mutual Road duced by the M.

members in these cities, like church Show back in Salt Lake. Twentyof the German mission's history.

members everywhere, needed recreseven of the Berlin M. I. A. memBerlin liked the young Utahn's

ation, chances for selfexpression, bers helped in the two plays. play. It wept and it cheered; it

and new interests. "You are to conduct your mistalked about it on the streets; and

By staying up nights and getting sionary work just the same,"Presit wrote about it in a number of up earlier in the morning he was ident Budge said to Elder Kimball. the daily papers. And the players

themselves so much they able to write a threeact comedy "Remember, missionary work enjoyed one with its opening in Hollywood comes first."decided to go to Eberswald, a large

and its ending in Germany. The Tracting, by now, had lost some suburb of Berlin.

main characters were two young of its fascination for that young Elder Kimball had first in men in search of romance and the man. He recognized the necessity Eberswalde to get permission from

German saints took these young of it, but it was not always effective the city, promise to pay the fellows to their hearts and rehearsed to sandwich a precious message be- "Stcuer,"about 40 per cent of the a plea tween a beggar from and a receipts, hire and a vigor with not Elder Kimball had firemen—more call a persistent salesman. from firemen it to seemed him than it before in America. But known

long he was called to Berlin and the Too many times the irate husband would take to man a city force.

play went on without him. called in his inquisitive hausfrau After much talking he persuaded

and shut the door in the missionthe city fathers that the play was pERLIN, in spite of its Reinary's face. And in many cases produced by an organization dehardts, its grand operas, and only one kind of people could be voted to the welfare of youth.

its deep love for Shakespeare, liked reached. There ought to be a more They waived the "Steuer"but the

amateur dramatics. The mission efficacious way for him to preach firemen remained. That town also

headquarters, long housed in Dresthe gospel. {Continued on page 90)

The COTILLION Returns

the fashion modern trend, then the cotillion is in not a few places have crowded CURVES,"says hints, "are in again."And early due for a return to Utah. In out everything in dancing that

so it seems are all the accesmany dance halls of California the postdates the two step. Henry

sories that accompanied the era of square dance night is a regular Ford, six years ago sponsored a the gay nineties; puff sleeves, bicyweekly feature. In the east, the revival program of the old fashcling, sentimental ballads and idea has taken such hold that it ioned dances and accelerated their

funny little hats. What then will is estimated nearly one half the return. With but fashion's pat of

this mean to dancing? Does this schools having organized physical approval, their return would seem

revival of fashion and pastime education classes give instruction inevitable.

augur a sihift to the old square in the old dance forms. In the News of such a return of the

dances? If other parts of the middle west, the old dances are a cotillion would delight the older

country arc any indication of the part of the school curriculum and generation,(Continuedwho wereon pageearly92) trained

W-

Virginia C. Nelson

"HONOR YOUR PARTNER"Photo from "Berkeley Square"by Courtesy Fox Film Salt Lake Exchange.

WHY

IS Fat

From the Medical Staii and

'Health Service * Brigham Younc University

FROWNING lady, overentirely indifferent when they may be considered obese, or in weight, greeted her physishould be alarmed. The incondanger of becoming so. Perhaps,

cian thus; sistency in attitude arises largely roughly, we might say that a perjoints, who canA"I want you to take my weight from gauging our weight status son with normal

down twenty pounds, and let my from tables designated as heightno longer bend sufficiently to fasten diet alone'/'weight standards. It is true that, his shoe, without sitting down or

Seeking the Fountain of Youth for people of what might be termed elevating the foot, is arriving at did not cease with the medievalists; average build (whatever that is) that state. Why one person will

and love of the supernatural in matthese tables may have significance, get there, despite every care as to ters of health is at least as active especially when applied by one's diet and exercise, while another now as it ever was. Reason and doctor who realizes their limitacannot manage accumulation of

knowledge will never quite dispel tions. But when the rank and file enough to hide the ungainly knots

this primitive craving for dramatic of us attempt it for ourselves, we on his skeleton, continues to be an abrogation of the are led sadly afield. interesting speculation.

level individin weight our laws again. question that "Fat"A H, A of the opinions combined pROM

this 'authoritatively constituting time but behalf, ual obesity so long Bauer, of Austria, Julius Dr.

staff treated a of competent by for as of of a ignorance person gross one Silver, S. York, Dr. and of New is physicians. body The human these height given brings laws no would "* there quote; * although wonderfully and awfully more we

discredit upon us. made than an automobile, yet be only the normal may be other causes for obesity, the

for average another. to people accept are willing Overweight consome the in usual is to conbe one found

services the repair miles a of man is stitutes evident, those of one This indistitutional the of makeup distant seen never has who in at the questions look we when the facin vidual, exogenous not and repairs. in of need machine theA field structures of health about frame is indisfamily Doctor good these tors."other words, In which a wealth of pensable—we must make one, the two—one slenauthors feel that something in a

exsome day, available to eyery der small misinformation and decides person's of given system family. other bone, ists, and in the name the obese or whether he will become

of which unending broad, largeboned, not.

quackery, hokum, and bunkum are and stocky. Just as much "horse This belief is distinctly opposed

perpetrated upon a once unsuspectsense"in expecting them both to to the dictum set forth by many ing public. conform to heightweight stanwriters, and expressed in an ediAn editorial in the "Medical dards as to say that the percheron, torial comment from the Journal

World,"of London, advances the so many hands tall, should propof the American Medical Associaopinion that obesity is the most ery be kept at the same weight as tion, that the question of obesity troublesome ailment the general the Kentucky saddler whose back is simply a matter of "physiological practitioner has to deal with. This level is an equal distance from his bookkeeping."More explicitly,

is because part of us become excited shoes, it has long been held that if the with no justification, and others are It is difficult to define when one (Continued on page 92)

The Power of

Swords and ScabbardsTruth is the custom of grateful By their character gives them no conITstates and nations to present cern. Often they make new dents

highest tokens of as swords William George into theircut a characterdeep, deceptivein theirfiligreeattempton leaders of victorious to thehonor navies.their armies and The Jordan Reputationthe scabbardis ofthe theirshell reputation.a man disSchley presented to Admiralsword

by the people of Philadelphia, at cards when he leaves life for imthe close of America's war with mortality. His character he takes

Spain, cost over $3,500, the greater with him.

part of which was spent on the useless scabbard with the hieroThe woman who spends thoujewels and decorations on the scabglyphics of his folly. sands in charitable donations, and

in her uncharitable is hard and his a little than half lives beyond morebard. The man who A sentimentally sympajudgments, his future mortgages means, ago, Generalcentury Winwho when

field Scott, for whom Admiral for his present, who is generous thetic with human sin and weakSchley was named, received a beaubefore he is just, who is sacrificing ness in the abstract, while she arrotiful sword from the State of everything to keep up with the progates to herself omniscience in her

Louisiana, he was asked how it cession of his superiors, is really harsh condemnation of individual pleased him. losing much of life. He, too, is lapses, is charitable only on the

"It is a very fine sword, indeed,"decorating the scabbard, and letting outside. She is letting her tongue

he said, "but there is one thing the sword rust in its sheath. undo the good work of her hand.

about it I would have preferred She is too enthusiastic in decorating to publicity think the of scabbard a with competition is not shoulddifferent. T IFE The inscription

real love of the humansword of it is of its scabtruest sense others. not on the Inbe on the blade,

ity. ourselves. should scabbardbard. with may be taken rivalry The We He who carries avarice to the record the seek to break the sword, never."each dayfrom us;

miser, a hoardof becoming seek point yesterday. too should spends our of much world The We useless that ing gold is made to him better, the live stronger, to energy each ontime, day and money

its fulfill it one because does not little lives; the truer to master each some too day on of life;scabbard regardcirculation, function, and to represents each yesterday; day weakness of scabbardsword. The

life luxuries, necessities as of the ing surfollies; display; to repair each past day vanity andoutside show,

is jests, that of Nature's one would is this ourselves. but intrinsic pass worth.the sword, The And

it serious. so were be not humorous conthe is individual, progress. semblance; ever thescabbard And

is difficult to animal the most He progress reality. scious progress, scabbard unending the Thesword hisclassify natural the in whole

is is great the the unlimited, the one temporal; swordis the and

so has tory many of humanity—he is differentiates that frometernal. the body; thing scabbard man The striking a of the virtues. He is soul. scabanimals. all the is the other we Then Thethe sword ambition, economy, of examplebard typifies the material side of will care naught for the pretty, usepersistence, frugality, willpower,

society's spirap- less true, thelife; of decorations the the sword to loyalty purpose and it selfdenial, ideal. us the scabbard.itual, For the proval on

heirs. his generosity to These the that will to be enough know dare does not The who man in apqualities the spoils noble he

is ever purpose kept blade our of convictions, but hisfollow own is plication. specialty the scabHis of the defense for sharp keen and society lives terror in of whatwho life. his of spends days bard He the truth, to never right and wrong before prostrate falling say,will for solid a in scabbard gold making right ever others, to rights of but opinion, calf public ofthe golden existence. tin a the of wasted sword ourselves those the of and wrongs lifeis living of mere an empty

show. He is sacrificing his indiaround us. "THE shoddy airs and ostentaviduality, his divine right to live Reputation is what the world tions, extravagance, and prodihis life in harmony with his own thinks a man is; character is what gality of some who have suddenly

high ideals, to a cowardly, toadyhe really is. Anyone can play become rich, is goldplating the

ing fear of the world. He is not a shuttlecock with a man's reputascabbard without improving the

voice, with the strong note of indition; his character is his alone. No blade. The superficial veneer of

vidual purpose; he is but the thin one can injure his character but he refinement really accentuates the

echo of the voice of thousands. He himself. Character is the sword; native vulgarity. The more you

is not brightening, sharpening and reputation is the scabbard. Many polish woodwork, the more you reusing the swor4 of his life in true men acquire insomnia in standing veal the grain. Some of the sudden

warfare; he is lazily ornamenting a guard over their reputation, while (Continued on page 94)

.

Foundations for Happiness in Marriage

Last October we announced that sinceFebruary is the month of Valentines—the Heart''

month of the year—that The Imfrovement Era would prepare for it by being ready to announce the weights''of good husbands and good wives as determined by those who wished

to enter into the contest. We are ready and here is the score.

the help of Mr. ParAccording to the average score Mrs. Ethellynn M. Jones, Kane,WITHnell Hinckley who preof these 206 responding persons Wyoming; Mr. Rulon Paxman,

pared the judgment table from various parts of the country Berlin, Germany; Mr. Peter Losand 206 readers of The Improveand from various vocations, sexual cher, Brazil, South America, all

ment Era we are now able to tell morality, health, stock, home traintied.

ing, religion, honesty, good homepeople or though happy how to be According to our announcement training, unselfishness, cheerfulness,when married. hoped that we We the to receive winner was $5. In education refinement and and reseveralwould have thousand are case first a tie of place, of two for in the important order named.sponses, are grateful but that as each receive to in was $5;

many as did took the trouble to The winners are as follows: three tied for first each was to caseresend in scores. First Place: Mrs. Samuel R. ceive $4; if more than four tied

The awarci of prizes was to be Handy, Franklin, Idaho, and Miss each was to receive his share of made to those persons who came Velma Kinzler, Henrieville, tied. $12. We have decided, however,

closest the to average score the of to Mrs. award and Miss Handy Place: Second Miss Katherine chartgroup. printed the on The each Miss $5, Conger and Conger, H. Rigby, Idaho, and Mr. Kinzler score,next page the average shows tieHarris each Mr. those and $2; Harris, Lowell, Wyoming, score scores the of Eldonthe winning and for ing place third each $ 1 tied. Itother people. of groups makes

all be happy when oran interesting study. Mr. Hinckley Third Place: Mr. Ernest Burk, May they

informs us that the scores arc not Nutrioso, Arizona, Miss Eunice if they are married.

exact to small fractions, but arc Burk, Nutrioso, Arizona; Mrs. Watch for Mr. Hinckley's next

exact as far as they go. Elsie Burck Porter, Morgan, Utah; contest—If will be on Personality.

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934

in Marriage Results—Foundations for HappinessA—Average Score from 206 Individuals. F—Average from 47 Young Unmarried Women. Score. G—Average froih 21 Young Unmarried Men.B—Winners'C—Average from 6 Prominent Men in Utah. H—Average from 20 Young High SchoolD—Average from 60 Married Men in Utah. I—Average from 10 Young High School Boys.Girls.

1 Prominent Salt Lake City Doctor.E—Average from 48 Married Women in Utah. J—Average from

A B C D E F G H I J The Author's Scores and Reasons or Opinions

Sex Sexual Morality keeps the home intact and is the proMorality 12+ 12 14 13 12 13 12 9 11 7 5 tection of the home and life at its source.

Health or selfpreservation is the primary instinct. It

is the basis of all activity, growth, and enjoyHealth 17 12 12 13 11 12 13 9 9 7 24 ment.

Good Stock or Heredity is secondary, with the future of the offspring and the preservation of the race

Good its goal. It is the foundation of present and

Heredity 1? 10 21 14 12 9 11 10 9 35 22 future worthwhileness.

Preparation for Preparation for the Marriage State is very important.

Marriage Preparation is the most essential element and is

State 8 the best guarantee of success in any undertaking. 11+ 12 8 11 11 11 12 12 11 4

Religion keeps people happy and keeps them striving.

Religion 11 12 5 10 12 10 11 11 10 8 6 It reinforces all the other desirable qualities.

Honesty or Integrity is the most important acquisition in life. It is the basis of all foundation of faith,

Honesty 9+ 8 8 9 11 9 8 8 11 4 14 confidence and trust.

Good Home Training is the hope of the nation. It is

our ideal form of government and is our best

Good assurance of a balanced, wellrounded out life

Home. and of the characteristics enumerated below being

Training Q 8 11 8 8 8 11 9 10 25 12 well developed.

UnselfUnselfishness is the basis of successful worthwhile acishness 8+ 10 8 8 8 9 7 9 10 2 4 tivity and happiness.

Cheerfulness adds zest, color, mirth, and hopefulness

Cheerto life, and naturally follows fulfillment of above fulness 8 8 6 7 8 9 8 12 12 3 2 conditions.

Education Education and Refinement adds the finish to life. It

and Re- 1 provides the graces and refining influences of life finement 8 8 7 7 7 9 7 11 7 5 3 and fills our cup to overflowing.

MR. HINCKLEY'S GENERALIZATIONS

The scoring indicates generally The 60 married men score good The 47 unmarried women score that the greater the experience or stock highest and education and sex morality highest and home maturity of the scorers the greater refinement least. training least.

the variation in scores and vice versa. The 48 married women score The 20 high school girls score a

The six prominent men score sex morality highest and education good provider highest and honesty heredity first and religion last. and refinement least. least.

This Business of Spelling By IVY WILLIAMS STONE rjOR a long year I devoted all of my triduum, vacuum and residuum. "us"or "ous"arc spelled with

leisure to a systematic study of 3. "Q"is timid and insists upon bethe us only, and never with the

spelling. Early in the game I learned ing chaperoned by "U."ous. For example: statusquietus.

that no single brain could grasp the 4. The word supersede is the only Four out of every five words with

thousands of words which it seemed one ending sede. the suffix "able"or "ible"are

spelled able, the remaining and master,necessary to so I proceeded succeed proceed, and words to 5. The ible. fifth are spelled one withisolate the exceptions. a thorAfter are the only three having exceed are five about There thousand texts spelling study of some fiftyough ceed. the ending

class. this in words a careful examination of Webster'sand

Unabridged, I compiled the following 6. The words plenteous, beauteous. jq. Nearly every verb of two or more

duteous bounteous and its syllables, in ending ate forms facts,interesting spelling not piteous, which do five are the where only words suffix derivative the with final noun the usualappear in "RULES FOR "y"a consonant) (preceded by instead example, OR, For of ER.SPELLING.""li."instead to "e"of changes legislator—assassinator—senator.

are 11. and minus bogus words I found only one authoritative 1. "K"is only doubled in the words 7. The

knickknack, trekkers and trekking. the only two adjectives spelled word with the double v. Navvy.

2. "U"likes to travel alone, and with us instead of ous. 12. I found the double "w"only

only doubles herself in the words 8. Nouns ending in the sound of once—glowworm.

Inspired by the Refining Influences of Mormonism, We Will

Develop the Gifts Within Us. for A Message

Resume of address given at the M. I. A. Convention in Ogden. All M.I.A.Workers

By JOSEPH F. SMITH

of the Speech Department, University of Utah "And whoso having faith you shall upon whom it has been conferred cesses are rigorous processes and inconfirm laying church, on by the my into all truth. It is the Latterday their severity is proportionate to

I giftof hands, the of and will bestow the Holy Ghost upon them."t Saint's privilege, then, to operate the degree of refinement which they

"And again, it shall come to pass that under the greatest single refining bring about.

on as many as ye shall baptize with water, influence in the Universe! If that In the physical and chemical

lay"ye shall hands, your and they shall Latterday Saint will permit. worlds, as higher degrees of refinereceive gift the of the Holy Ghost, and shall

be looking forth for the signs of my Irrefragable and increasingly ment are attained, the refining procoming, and shall know me. "J abundant proof that the universe cesses become more extensive, more

"God shall give unto you knowledge is obedient to laws of cause and exact, more costly. Witness watchhis Spirit, theby Holy unspeakable yea, by trite steel. effect has spring in the If this the mere rendered be true

gift of the Ghost, that Holy has not it been statement the fact. of inorganic organic However, lower andrevealed since the until world was now."

"Wherefore, beware lest ye are deceived; will bear iteration here in recalling worlds, how much more arduous

that ye may not be deceived seek ye earnto our consciousness that the greatand complex must refining proestly gifts, the best always remembering for est in refining influence cesses this lawbe world—the are they verily given; forwhat I say unto

itself, universe perabiding all our must world of human areyou, given they the for benefit of those in the socialbeings—of

who love me and keep my commandments, force, operate in accordance with worlds, the most intricate. In it,

and him that seeketh so to do; that all may law. God, of whom the Holy as in the others, genuinely refining

be that benefited seek that ask or of the influences, to keep to me, Ghost be effective, is one, is bound demand that a sign not for ask and that they may law. Therefore, forobedience meticulous to exact if the Holy Ghost their lusts.consume again, it upon And

verily I say unto you, I would that ye is to fulfil its function for the mulae and prescribed procedures, should always remember, and always retain Latterday Saint, or, to put it difbut with this difference: In the

in your minds what those gifts are, that are ferently, if the Latterday Saint is case of iron which is to become gi\en unto the church. all have not For

giftevery given there are to be inspired by the Holy Ghost, steel, the iron is powerless to set for unto them;

many gifts and to every man is given a gift he must in turn live according to in motion the process for its refineby the Spirit of God. To some is given the law. ment, even though the refining inone, is given and to some another, that all fluences close in be while at hand, then, is the law? What, Simply

be profited thereby.may "Tf the case the of although man, fulcompletely the answered: and

ness of God's commandments. The formulae are as exact and the proinstitute the process so that theTOsequentevery Latterdayto his baptismSaint,andsubat Holythings, Ghost,will leadwhonearestknowethto ultimateall cedures as difficult, he himself can

the time of his confirmation truth him who most fully keeps refining influences, ever at hand, can into the Church, is given the gift the law. function. And what are some of

Ghost. theof Not Holy to one II theseTherefiningscripturesinfluences?are easily obtaineveryone another, but to tonor

able. fulness a of contain They year's has a peculiar slogan is and the water of baptized yHISwho

civil life, the law. courts our In this significance for spirit, is this great, "yea, profound andof the

unspeakable"gift given. the M. I. A. worker. "Inspired by specifically sound the warning,

In the concluding verses of the the refining influences of Mormon- "Ignorance of the law excuseth no fortysixth section of the Doctrine ism, we will develop the gifts withman."Knowing the law, then,

and Covenants, the Lord, through in us."is an individual responsibility.

His prophet, enumerates some Unfortunately, refinement too Consistent obedience to the law demands knowledge of the law. Exdozen gifts of which one is given often means merely observance of

intensive presupposes knowledge social amenities. attribute others, but the to another Theto and some

tensive study. Is of knowledge itself is is mistaken for the thing and case the gift bestowedin each

eterscriptures, contain which are easily the attributes sometimes the the of Holy powerthrough is nal, divine, that to be gained law soft feigned. alloy possess especial divinely may andGhost whose A

less effort? expenditure of with finish the satiny highly of tempered is lead those to missionappointed

steel. An arch villain may be reCovenants, Sec. 33:15. and tDoctrine especial to Latterthe import

Sec. 39:23. Jlbid, is the Saints of day Docbook exterior Sec. Ibid, 121:26. fined, if gloss—suavity,by refinement affability,we mean (F

Illbid, Sec. 46:8-12. courtesy. But, truly refining pro- (Pontinued on page \\%)

The Q)inderella

By MARY IMLAY TAYLOR

STARGRASS, the lovely girl grown mutual knowledge, some secret, "I'm not afraid of 'em 'cept deserted the baby from had that bargain he would wiggles dey Pap!"when dem tails, about—at theirs not found, was any was themore—sheBinneys the price first she of her love? At to he her back had carried Blanchard. Then the daughter of rich Mr. Pap

Binney, brokenhearted, felt that something had only been angry and repulsed the shop in his arms.

weeping, Binney, Mrs. violently, wrong; was thought, without comhim sat in Star in the darkbed up telling that Star forted would by him him to she but over puzzle began now see "I to to ought go down big there the be in happy house—would said. he She what remembered had desire. girl's everything heart I'll could have a will ask tomorrow! ness.them—I it that like said he something had big at the seemed everything house Up trailed voice father—"her her and

if to strange unfriendly and be might allowed Star—cold beat. before—as heart niece Etta, of Blanchard, was fmnkly and to place keep her she would shehere—if I'll hostile. call the Nelfriendship deal, of John it a never Even "We'll listen It to inexplicseemed him!

secretary, could Blanchard's not son, councan open go mouth. on my You able, impertinence. astonishing an sinister familiarity terbalance of the James forever as you'll marry you right to Carr. are—if so to he behave had What

Ma Binney, hungry for a sight of Star, her? She knew, too, that he must me!"

is in the shrubbery caught by Blanchard did he mean? What How dared previously have courted Etta, and Nelson. takes immediately Blanchard and Star could he? not sleep. She transfer offering to his allehe was finally that to Paris. tells her Star he He

slipped out of bed, threw on her giance the heiress! vicinity to of did so remove her from the to—to wrapper opened and refuses to her bedroom Binney, and Mother Pap He in solitude. Star did not Even

her to return to visit the Binneys allow to the chill of a window wide like to think her father's of money leaving before York. New dawn. as a covet. to thing had December That he studies Star in Paris at a conventschool

and makes great improvement. Blanchard a great deal, she knew; she had

brings her to gives back and York New a never asked She much. had how still dark was I'-T down is in jiarty honor. her John Nelson fine a feeling reluctance. of She

first light pale the a the houses, dance, does promised but not but among tried faithfully to love her had it is refused claims appear as Carr and but itself diffused against them, above father; easy. been Ties not it had dances Star with partner. another Carr the roofs blackened and which

later kisses to her. love Star makes and that are in bind childhood; formed

in themselves chimneypots showed is if furious. hints that will Carr she She as a child she adored old had Pap profiles. fantastic Star's oversuit accept his will her. expose he not room Star

in There nothing was understand. to does not attempts She the garden. looked wing The

alert, pitileave appears quarrel a Nelson when and Binney.Blanchard—successful, held the an ballroom had which

less ensues. between asks Carr and in She him the accumulation of money story. never upper exShe had inside. to Nelson obeys. Nelson go Now suggested the kindly, brusk—that it, that plored she Nelbut story. the with go on knew carried her, old a had man who slept there; son's over he was room

starthe baby, dewdrenched from the at house, in Blanchard's beck grass his into love Pap's home. Of

call. at NINE across she looked PART and As Star never doubt had any had more

it in she a light of one saw now t rising setting the the than of h e and TERWARDS, JH-F the shade windows. was The the thought of that the on of sun; Blanchard's she moment of was

balcony turned Star hot with only timidly halfassured. drawn and, as she looked, a shadow

outlined it occasionally, was on anger. her pillow tossed in on She the been a glamor There had

passing repassing, if the peras and night, because Carr the half angry acquisition of her so wealth, much it there trampthrew was son who her, kiss allegiance shamed, to too, old dared been shaken badly had had because Nelson had seen it. What by an insight into the social condiing to and fro in an endless promelife. told she tions think? could he of her Then new Temptation itnade.was Nelson's.Star recognizedSo, hethecouldshadow,not her, not herself she did that angrily to goldenwinged, care had come

sleep! rested her elbows She on cared not in of trouble but, he thought, had and moments what he

the sill march watched and him at her to to her doubt, heart turned her with dance back enough first ball! But she lay awake thinkthe old pond; she could see its glimwith a gradual relenting. He cared

ing about it; she would have mer in the dusk and feel Pap's hard then, he must! Her heart began to

thought of nothing else, trying to old hand, clasping her small one. beat again with something akin to

solve John's astonishing failure to "See that teenyweeny tadpole, happiness. She stole back to bed and

keep his engagement, if it had not Stargrass, going to be a big frog fell into her first dreamless sleep.

late getting up and was been that Carr's words came back some day—want to catch it?"She was

and troubled her. What did he Star, small and wondering, only half dressed when Etta came

mean by the suggestion that there hanging far out over the lilypads to her door. Something in her

was something between them, some to look. face startled Star.

THE I.MPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1934 83

"What is it, Etta? What's hapyou? Uncle's furious, that's it."rise; I know that, and I don't bepened?""Etta, I've a right to hear from lieve he will now. It's all your

"There's been a flareup downthem!"Star flashed out angrily. fault!"

brought me up!""It'sCarr. I—I hate him!"Nelson—onstairs; Uncle'syourfuriousaccount;withhe Johnkept "They saved me as a baby, they "But it's not just!"Star cried.

him from the ball. He sent him Etta nodded. "I know! I

away, I think, for he was off somedon't blame you. I hated to keep JLTTA, leaning against

where last night."their letters back. I had to—in the door, flushed darkly, her eyes

Paris; uncle made done have you me. But I never gleaming. "What up. Star stood "Etta, not really? read them, quickly. she asked Agnes."to Carr?"Mary trailed,Because—"her voice sud-

I letters?"furikept for Star's he's "Something, "You know, my colordenly rose in hotly her eyes flashed ous, too, he's you. about and "I wouldn't madface. done it!""It'sCarr—he'sthe have closer done she Tell and me,"anyone!"came it—forscorn.

said steadily, "it's Etta "No!"Etta's face Star's wrist, crimsoned. her shakcaught "Yes, hand

fault.your been at You've Nelson you you'd been brought ing, "did he ask you to marry would—ifto go and see the Binneys, haven't only up to please uncle! I burnt him?"

them all so no one could Star hesitated, then her eyes read them. But Nelson flashed back to Etta.

uncle meant to give him a "Yes! I refused him."

fine berth on his railroad, Etta dropped her hand and where he'd have a chance to caught her breath. For a moment

(Continued on page 95)

"I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU MEAN,'SHE SAID IN

A LOW VOICE. "YOU TOLD ME—YOU WERE MY

FATHER!"BLANCHARD'S LIPS TWISTED INTO A

HARD SMILE. "WE'LL HAVE TO MAKE A CLEAR

STATEMENT, JIM,"HE SAID GRIMLY.

..

By Elizabeth Fitzgeralc. theWomen and

Peace Movements

it within the power of woman- 3. Federation of Women's Boards ing and present the findings of the State

Is hood, with an innate capacity for of Foreign Missions. Round Table.

weighing spiritual values, to call a 4. General Federation of Women's The first Nation Round Table was

halt to this onmarch toward the Clubs. held in January, 1933: It was recertain devastation that would accom- 5. National Board of the Y.W.C.A. ported that 315 unit round tables had

pany another plunge into the maelstrom 6. National Council of Jewish been held and 30 state round tables.

of another world war? That it is, Women. 27 states sent Representatives to Washappears to offer the only hope for dis- 7. National Federation of B. P. ington. Colorado led the states in the

tressed human kind. Women. number of Round Tables—32—Cali-

"Looking beyond their more im- 8. National League of Women Votfornia had 30, Utah had 24.

mediate problem of alleviating sufers. About 5000 persons had taken part

fering and privation, the National 9. National Women's Temperance in these study groups.

Women's Relief Society takes timely Union. The findings of the states and the

action in joining with sister organi10. National Women's Trade questions discussed were again reviewed

zations here and abroad to bring the Union League. and as nearly as possible these were

blessing of peace to humanity. It is 11. National Women's Conference brought into agreement.

praiseworthy that this great need of the of American Ethical Union. A total No better method of arriving at an

world impelled this society to adopt of several hundred thousand women. expression of public opinion was

this resolution. If men who mold This committee composed of delefound, provided of course, that the

the destinies of peoples will not hearken gates from each of these organizations units were sufficiently numerous. So

to the pleadings of womanhood to has met each January in Washington, the plan is being continued this year spare their fathers, husbands and sons D. C, to study the causes of war. Able with a change of topics:

from the senseless slaughter of war, speakers, both men and women, have The subjects for study this year are civilization faces extinction. For contributed to these conferences. Two as follows:

proof, we need only read the records years ago it was decided war would 1 Manchuria.

chiseled in stone or written into books disappear only when the people knew 2. The Economic Conference.

to tell of the vainglorious striving of enough about the causes of war to 3. The League of Nations.

nations for supremacy through blooddemand action by those in authority. 4. And any one of these four: War

letting and destruction."So these women proposed "The Debts, The Depression, UnemployThe foregoing appeared in an ediMarathon Round Table."Their obment, or Disarmament.

torial in the Salt Lake Telegram of ject is to abolish war through educaPlenty of material is provided for

October 7, commenting upon the resotion. these study groups and a Readers'

lution adopted by the L. D. S. Relief Each state was asked to organize 10 Course is also outlined. Those who

Society to join organized womanhood round tables with a minimum of 10 wish to do the reading without joining of the world to bring about world participants. a round table may do so.

peace. Four subjects were outlined for study The members in these great women's

are to study helping form the for year 1932. is the another of danger war That

their 1. begging trend of memthe world moveDoes is organizationsgroups—literally the indicated following byimminent

to- a to read bers with study view peace and indicate that ments permanent early delivered addressextract from an the a better of understanding for will substituted recurring ward be wars?in the Club, before Kiwanis November

wars, lead causes to that legislative and 2. knowing educational, and Are the nations Beeley: L. Dr. "As A.by

it find to so the causes be not hard organizapolicies of peace may campaign fifteenth the celebrate toare preparing anniversary of the signing of the armistions sufficiently united and definite to the cure. Someone once wrote:

certainty of shortening with movement fate fast the therefore world—isrope—andtice on Nov. 11, war in western Eupush forward the government peace "There is no chance, no destiny, no elapse the period which must the or hinder or control is that reasonmaterializing. before Can circumvent, The

causes of war were not constructively the nations will reach the peace goal? The firm resolve of a determined

agencies peace be 3. How may so soul."dealt with by the treaty of peace,—war will that they govcompel the revision strengtheneddebts and and reparations

of national boundaries. This involves ernments to move forward to permaThere are several thousands of these

a reconsideration and a drastic revision nent peace? determined souls who hope to present

of the treaty of Versailles."4. What do participants think of a a constructive plan to a chaotic world

five, seven or ten year plan to improve where socalled Patriotism tends to suRealizing that much depended upon the peace organizations? persede Christianity. Among the

them the women of America, some nine Some time before December 15 the leaders in this great peace movement in years ago, under the leadership of Carrie leaders of the round tables met in a this country are Jane Addams, Carrie

Chapman Catt, organized a committee State Round Table. Chapman Catt, Lena Madesin Philto study the cause and cure of war. Each delegate presented and delips, Josephine Schain, Dr. Mary

Now, the following organizations have fended the program recommended by Wooley, Emily Kneubuhl, Margaret membership on this committee: her group. After the proposals and Buttehheisn, and many others of equal

1 American Association of Unirecommendations were heard, the State note.

versity Women. Round Table made its official report Then the members of this Cause and

2. Council of Women for Home for the Washington conference and a Cure of War Committee have InterMissions. delegate was chosen to attend this meetnational Affiliations. The Business

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1934 85

and Professional women have an Indon't know which is worse. Prof. of them possessed a sincere desire to

ternational Federation with splendidly Mark Green says there will be a new work for the common good of all naorganized groups in 16 countries of political party. E>r. Beeley says it tions; but then there was the particular

Europe, besides representative groups will be a women's party. In the midst claim of their own nation; and the

in Canada, Korea, and South American of this discouragement there is a strong claim of a certain section, or interest, countries. Five goodwill tours have body of men and women carrying on. within that nation against other parts

visited these various countries in the On Nov. 1 and 1 1 there met in not only of their own nation, but of

interest of peace. Philadelphia "The World Alliance for other nations as well. Hence, failure

The Soroptomist organization has International Friendship through the after failure. Precious time wasted in

many clubs in Europe. An internaChurches;"and the Goodwill Conendless discussions of details, and a

tional congress of women, called by gress. Protestants, Catholics and Jews neglect of first principles. But arc

the National Council of the United arc represented in the direction and acdictators to be preferred even to these

States, met in Chicago this summer tion of this powerful implement of vacillating politicians and economics to discuss questions common to all and peace. and legal experts? Is the spectacle of

consequently to understand better how In commenting on this meeting, the Lenin, and Hitler, and Mussolini, a to solve the economic problems which Commonweal, a New York weekly of revelation of hope to Americans?

may lead to war. Many from our own some importance, had this to say ediShall we not rather stir up our own

city attended these meetings, including torially: faith in the essential sanity and virtue

Mrs. Louise Y. Robison, Mrs. Amy "Every religious body in our land, and value of democratic liberty, and

Brown Lyman, Mrs. Julia Child, and all individuals who possess religious join to that faith good works that will

Mrs. Ruth M. Fox, and others. faith, must absolutely refuse allegiance be practical?

This council of women has done to fatalism. War is not inevitable. "In this conference of world alliance

much to establish the student exchange. Peace can be made a reality. Belief in for International Friendship, there is

The generation now at school will certhe positive power of moral and spirno serving of purely Nationalistic or tainly understand the problems facing itual power must be not only maineconomic special interests. The ideal

the different countries in a much better tained but exerted actively. Let the of the common welfare, the good of

way than ever in the history of the cynics laugh at peace meetings, and humanity, is the ruling principle. But

world. condemn their futility, if they please. it is not mere humanitarianism. It is

On Nov. 1 1 we celebrated the fifIt is tragically true that the very words, not simply service of men. It is not

teenth anniversary of Armistice Day. 'conference'and 'convention,'have bebelieved by this group that man is sufSo it is well to pause in order that we come associated with lamentable failficient to himself. It is not merely

may see what progress we have made ure upon failure. But what were the the brotherhood of man that brings this

along the road to world peace, and conferences and the conventions which group together. It is the acknowledgthere is much to discourage us. have failed? For the most part they ment and the service of the Fatherhood

Germany has withdrawn from the were gatherings of statesmen, or poliof God. And that makes all the difLeague of Nations. The Disarmament ticians, or diplomats, or business ox ference between futility and achieveConference for which the women of legal experts, so called, who went into ment. This sort of conference really

the world have planned and worked for such meetings as the Economic Conexerts power."

the last five years seems about to fail. ference, or the Disarmament ConferThis editorial aptly expresses why

We are told by economists who have ence, not only divided into groups of in the face of all discouragements we spent much time in travel and study in national or economic interests at war women still carry on, believing that

Europe that each country is preparing with each other, but individually unwith a common program, a construcfor war, "armed to the teeth."settled and uncertain of purpose. tive plan, and, a devoted faith, we will

Societies felt Peace are conferences to serve, obliged and They not merely able to be bring Peace on earth—and I eitherbeing at laughed or scorned. three two, but or four masters. will Many to good all men.

c<?oA GOOD HOUSE THE VERANDA OF WASHINGTON'S HOME AT MT. VERNON

"Nothing but durable materials shall be used in this house."George Washington.

By GRACE McKINSTRY

It stands a symbol of the best

That lovely homes can give Their dwellers,—dignity and rest,

A cheerful place to live.

Harmonious with the natural scene

The trees, the stream, the grass,

Wellbuilded, spacious and serene

Its beauty shall not pass.

An owner, one who loved to plan,

Who saw the work well done;

The good home of a gentleman, Mount Vernon—Washington

are To Take

Time

to find in which toUNEMPLOYMENT, in relation to adequate leisure fortify her soul time programs, is provoking against the present much discussion, and receiving conneed?

siderable space in the literature of She sometimes the day. There is one member of wonders why she

the average large family who has not more of thisglimpses these items hurriedly, and valuable, much looking up from some unfinished talked of, commodtask, wonders vaguely what it is ity. Does she lack

all about. ambition? Is she a

manager? Or it feel,"the busy poor would "How

is she just slow? herself, asksmother noth- "to have

ing to do? To be puzzled as to tothe expenditure of a leisure hour?"pROM time

Like Martha of old, it seems to her, time, she is bethat ing remindedshe is always cumbered with much the use one puts her leisure saving devises, has put her kitchen to whichserving. to cannot find time She

choose the good part, to sit at the time is an index to her character; "on wheels,"and is applying lubrifeet of the Master. that she should each day, take cants in more ways than one, to

in the sake, keep affairs of the household for John's minutes I thirty "Yes, I say when my prayers a that running herself; smoothly. to beautify whichhave confesses time,"old one blithe

all earnest her her posNotwithstanding will improve dozenlady. I daily too "But I'm busy when

efforts, incidentshe to a is still working circulation, and ture and I aswhistle 'em about go my essentials that years; so crowded that program ally, her and prolong least atwork."the She meets

situation cheerfully. fifteen minutes a day for twenty have to be omitted every day. And

Owing to the present economic years, spent with the right kind nothing detracts more from one's condition, Father is possibly workof books, makes the difference beefficiency than a burden of unfinthings. ished cultivated an uncultiand tween aing shorter in hours than many

is people she hears of a wealth beauty There She vated mind.years. son is Ambitious unemlive to possess, to she on longs cannot but talking about "Howployed. little daughter Charming

may be busy only two or three twentyfour hours a day,"and she find the time to bring it into her afternoons each week. There are makes a promise to herself that life.

younger members of the family some day, when she can spare the There are a certain number of to and is going time, she sit down legitimate that tasks household are school. attendingwho What time, just her one day of budget if every good housewife, she wouldto during these do long leisure

hours is a problem much discussed. to see if the absolutely essential have a well ordered home, is supBut what about Mother? She duties can be crowded into twentyposed to perform. She has enmust spin out the meager income; four hours. slaved herself to this program until

make every article do double servMany years ago she learned the if she neglects any portion of it, ice; keep the home fires burning old adages that, A stitch in time otherwise to enrich her life, she feels

and the pot brewing; and above all, saves nine. Promptness takes the that she is stealing the time so used.

she must supervise these hours of drudgery out of service, Many a "I stole half an hour this morning leisure, and see that a spirit of convaluable heritage has raveled out to write a letter or to read a book,"tent pervades the family board and for want of hemming, and Time she will say. "I'm going to steal

the shining hearth. Withal, she spent looking for things is worse time this summer to take a lecture

must keep calm, keep sweet, keep than wasted. She has learned, too, course."

smiling. What hour is she going to use many short cuts and timeAnd yet, why shouldn't busy

first the kingdom of By "Why not,"lenge? "Seek

asked the Angel. God and His righteousness; and all

Is Hfe a these not this things shall be added unto to you, you."burden LELLA MARLER HOGGAN

a n unhappy Families have to be fed and struggle of clothed. Clean orderly homes are

work and necessary. But somehow, one

// we would could all of us find worry?"manages to find or take the time to

"I know,"do the things for which his heart—fora little excursionsmore time intofor soulintellectualgrowth amsaid she,not "butready.I moremost thanhungers.physicalThecomforts.soul requires"Give

roses,"is a bread, us give us husband, but and spiritual lands? Mrs. HogMy

chilslogan of the the West. of women my little

gan, a Susy, busy woman seems to dren, they need Work for permanent results. Do

think we could. me. the thing that puts its eternal stamp

And then she of good on those with whom you awoke. She was live.

troubled. What Mother must be on the job all

Decoration by had she done the time. She must have patience

with life? Were and forbearance and boundless

DORA MARLER accomplished faith. She must know that

WILLIAMS tasks more "laughter is a better tonic than ever worthy, if perwas bottled."But she must re-

, formed in gladfresh and renew herself often, or ness? she cannot hold her job successfully.

i CUPPOSE you She should have a little moment were called each glad morning in which to "*ortiaarlfcr VftlitttawMl to stand before plan, and think, and set her soul the judgment in harmony with the day's work bar of God toahead; a little time to commune

mothers have a leisure time pronight. Would you be satisfied with her God, that she may be

gram, as well as the rest of the with your achievements? Do you fortified against any emergency

world? Why should they have to not often ask yourself, "What have that may arise during the day.

steal the hours they spend in at I done worth while today? This Little rests rightly used, little

taining mental and spiritual month? This year?"Are you moments of relaxation now and

growth? What is life for, after all, getting all the sweetness and joy then, enrich and beautify life and

if every precious, beautiful thing and spiritual growth; all the add joy to the daily song.

has to be taken by stealth? strength of character, and real "Dost thou love life?"asked

A busy mother tells how she worth while happiness out of life, Benjamin Franklin, "Then do not dreamed one night that the Angel that you desire? squander time, for that is the stuff

of death came for her. She begged Are the mothers choosing the that life is made of."

to be spared yet a little while. better part as did Mary of old, or It is said that Sir Walter Scott

"What have you done with are they clinging tenaciously to a worked three hours before breaklife,"asked the Angel, "that you broom, a dust pan, and a mop? fast and two after. He himself

should be permitted to stay If it were made known to you that said, that he was through with a longer?"you had just one more day to live, day's work before some sluggards

The woman thought and what would you do with that day? were out of bed; that by ten he had

thought. Finally she answered, "I Suppose a divine messenger were broken the neck of the day and by

have borne and reared a family."to come to your door each day at noon he was his own man.

"Yes,"said the Angel, "Is that twilight, with the challenge, One should strive for efficiency all?"Again the woman thought. 'What have you done with the in the use of time. Punctuality,

"I have tried to be a good neighday?"Would you be satisfied to prompt action, method, and order

bor,""sheu said.; report repeatedly? "I'm sorry, are all time savers. The following

;;Yes, is that all?"Lord, but I have just kept house slogans, if carried out are helpful:

"I have been a conscientious today.""Make your chart before you

teacher. I've tried to make the Things do not "turn up"in this start,""Take time to check up,"

world better."world. Men and women do not "Make your mind a file, not a

"Yes, is that all?"repeated the "happen"to get big jobs. Busy pile,""System saves energy,""In

Angel. Again she pondered. mothers do not "find"time to read a world where death is, there is no

"Yes, that is all,"said she. "All or otherwise enrich their lives. time for hate."We might well

my life I have wanted to sing sweet They just take the time. Life is add, "In a world where love and

songs, but I never could find the not painless. Blessings are not faith are, there is no time for fear

time."found on bargain counters. We and worry, and gossip, and greed.

The Angel turned to go, but have to pay the price.

waited for her. "Can you be trusted with leisure "PIME will vindicate you if you

"I cannot go now,"said the time?"asks Professor J. B. Nash. cherish and cultivate your fine

woman. Do you dare to accept the chalambitions. Achievement is essential

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934

to a long life. It is a glorious satisBehind the wheatfield is the setday when you may be alone and

faction to feel that one has filled ting sun, lonely. How can you live during

the measure of his creation: accomBehind the setting sun is God."the fulness of life so as to transplished the work he was sent to mute the dull gray distances into a

the earth to do. Cultivate faith, "the balance rainbow of promise? What we

But many thankless tasks have wheel of life:"that calms the rufpatiently put into life from day to

to be done. The rainbow in the fled spirit and casts out all fear, day, will eventually blossom

sky may be glimpsed through a and leads the weary traveler forth in full glory.

cloud of smothering sorrow. Some through darkness unto day. Dare to take time to enrich and

of one's most earnest efforts are Watch for the little moments of beautify your life. Every day add

shed of glory and satisfaction. leisure, and use them for the en- a little to the treasure chest of your

That which we treasure dearly, richment of your own life, and soul, that it may not be empty in often turns to pebbles and dead the lives of those with whom you the hour of your need. Stow away

leaves in our fingers. Sometimes serve. little priceless treasures, worth

when we reach for bread we receive You are making a life as well as while gifts, magic memories, that a stone. Notwithstanding all of a living. And you cannot take out will brighten your peaceful hours

these disappointments and heartof life what you have not first put when the shadows lengthen; lovely

aches, there is no turning back for into it. You cannot draw money experiences and golden deeds, that

the courageous soul. out of the bank unless it is first will comfort you at the close of

"Every mason in the quarry, every deposited to your credit. If the the day; spiritual blessings, that

builder on the shore, fire on the hearth is not replenished, will cast out all fear when you

Every woodman in the forest, there is soon only a spent blaze and tread the sunlit trail into the valley every boatman at the oar, dead ashes. of peace.

Hewing wood and drawing water, Travel straight to the course of splitting stones and clearing T OOK ahead to the twilight of happiness; that life's autumn may

sod, life and provide against the bring forth a mellow, glorious harAll the dusty ranks of labor in vest; rather than a clutter of broken

the regiment of God, promises, shattered plans, and lost

March together toward His temdreams.

ple, do the tasks His hands prepare "Just a little every day, that's the

Honest toil is holy service, faithway."Water dripping on a rock

ful work is praise and prayer."willit. Persistentin time wearefforta holeaccomplishesthrough

toil is tread easier to path of The results. surprising to Why fear

if traveler takes to the tired time fine praiseworthy unattempt some refresh himself at the cool stream, dertaking? It may take years to

and pluck a sweet scented flower by complete it, but when It is finished the way. It will be a source of joy and satis-

'Tor the world is full of roses, and faction. And the development and

the roses full of dew. soul growth received from the perAnd the dew is full of heavenly formance will repay you many

love that drips for me and you."times over for the effort extended.

We have to practice happiness if Appoint yourself an efficiency we would make a fine art of it. expert in your own home, and beIf we put off the cultivation of gin today ferreting out the leaks.

these lovelier graces too long, we Find the little ragged edges of time lose the vision of the beautiful. you have been squandering, and

Let the radiant sunshine of love turn them to account. It may net

a a precious minutes, or few life, the every ofhallow day grind leisure: of an hour sum you The Winning Way lumpyou lovintoand change the drudgery

delightful use in manner some little service. the Ining, happy By CARL FORDIS can

life richer and and sweeter, to makerests for of the day, take an time inspired song, a beautiful poem, a "DETTY'S inclined to be sulky; more prolonged.

humorous book, a spiritual blessShe labored a week at least I have put on a bold front in ing. Contriving an intricate, bulky. suggesting ways for you to save

Put beauty into life. It softens And lacy visual feast and use your time, the very probthe jolts, and refines and enriches Of a Valentine for Mother. lem you yourself have been ponthe character. But Mother just gave her a pat dering these many years. And

Find romance in the work-a-day While lavishing praise on Brother when you read these lines you will task. Reach for the blossoming For his crudely colored and flat know, as I know, that I have not

rose beside the stone in the road. Attempt at something akin to a beet said what I tried to say at all. You

Look for the bluebird in the thorny That he did in a rush and a will know, too, that I have been bush. Remember that: whirl. cherishing these thoughts for years,

"Behind the nutty loaf is the busy But over her name he had printed trying to "find time"to put them mill, a neat on paper; and even now, I have

Behind the busy mill is the wheat- "To my best girl!"had to "steal"the time, before the

field. family was astir, to turn the trick.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY. 1934 89

George D. Pyper Mr,ilege Pyper'sof using requestit havingforbeenthe grantpriv- Fairbanks.this undertaking with the two Mr.

(Continued from page 71) ed, he conceived a new idea for its setting this time, which was apTN 1911, he was manager for the proved by a subcommittee under Choir on a six thousand mile see but very few people while here. Bishop David A. Smith, and comtrip to New York when it sang

E. H. Sothern and Henry Miller posed of Mr. Pyper, Mrs, Marcia Professor McClellan's prizewin-

were two of his very close personal Howells, Oscar Kirkham, Miss ning "Ode to Irrigation"in the friends. Emma Lucy Gates says Clarissa Beesley, and Miss May Irrigation Congress held in the

that she commenced her long operAnderson. So, to Chicago went Winter Garden there. Concerts

atic career singing the soprano role Mr. Pyper, where he consulted with were also held in most of the large

opposite George Pyper in the "Jolly Avard Fairbanks. Together they cities between Salt Lake and New

Musketeers."From this modest worked out the scheme for Utah's York. The prevailing spirit of this

beginning, and with no intermelovely display.* Mr. Pyper then tour, as on all of the Choir trips,

diate acting experience, she stepped went to Corvallis, Oregon, where was one of unalloyed friendship onto the stage of the Royal Opera he watched J. Leo Fairbanks paint and happiness among the members;

of Berlin. She says, "In all my the picture of the youth who posed a buoyant note of strength and joy

subsequent operatic experience I for the figure representing Joseph characterized the whole organizanever sang with a finer lover nor Smith during his first vision, in one tion. It was artistically successful

a tenor with a more beautiful naof the stained glass illuminations and probably the forerunner of the tural quality of voice than dear which forms one of the two wings changed attitude of the people of

Uncle George's. It almost melted in the background of the exhibit. the United States toward the L, D.

one to tears. When dressed up in The other wing, also of stained S. Church.

character, silk tights, wig, and glass, is composed of a scene called, The occasion for the farewell enmakeup, there never was a hand- "In Holy Places."The two pictertainment in the Salt Lake Thesomer lover."tures are illumined with electric atre, on October 20, 1928, was

In speaking of the Eighteenth lights from behind, making an exunforgettably poignant. UnforWard Quartet, Emma Lucy says, tremely beautiful effect. After Mr. tunately the structure was irrevoc-

"As I look back over the years Fairbanks completed his portrait of ably doomed, but Mr. Pyper's tensome of the sweetest and tenderest the youth in an imaginary woodder affection for the old theatre and

memories I have are of the group land setting, the picture was sent its association, and the depth of sitting around the campfire in from Oregon to a stainedglass his profound emotion that evening

Brighton in front of the Whitneyman, whom Avard Fairbanks and affected everybody present. The

Pyper cottage, I, singing to my Mr. Pyper had already selected in memory of that night will live long

own accompaniment on the guitar, Chicago. Religion is so dear to in the hearts of those who shared

and then listening to this memorMr. Pyper's heart, I can imagine n eorge D. Pyper's last communion

able quartet, George D., H. G., with what love he went through with his beloved Playhouse.

John D., and Horace Ensign, singEven so, there were remarkable

ing 'Spin, Spin.'It never failed to See December, 1933, Era. achievements yet in store for Mr.

make me weep. Of all the quartets Pyper. He says himself, that the

I have heard since in concert, opera, biggest thing he ever engaged in and radio, none has had the beauwas the pageant, "The Message of tiful musical quality nor the power the Ages,"honoring the one hunto move me to the depths of my dredth anniversary of the founding being as this quartet did."of the Church. Mr. John D.

In 1 909, Mr. Pyper installed the Spencer, his lifelong friend, says,

Church exhibit at the Lewis and ''Who but Mr. Pyper could have

Clarke Exposition at Seattle. Mr. manipulated and managed anything

Reister Wright, who had worked so manysided and complex as that on the Tabernacle organ made a pageant, so that finally there were model of a cross section of the no discords or inharmonies! It

Tabernacle, showing both the excame through fire and water."But.

terior and interior of the building. Mr. Pyper does not take the credit

It was a perfect replica, demonfor all that work himself. He lays

strating the choir seats, the organ, much of it to those who helped its pipes, the pulpits and the him, because the pageant could not benches. Spencer Clawson and have been worked out without coOrson F. Whitney were also memoperation. The committee was

bers of that commission, and while composed of Bertha A. Kleinman,

it was Mr. Pyper who installed it, Charlotte Stewart, Erma Felt Bitit was largely Spencer Clawson's ner, Anne Nebeker, W. O. Robinidea which Mr. Wright executed. son, Elbert H. Eastmond, and

So interesting was the model, and Junius F. Wells, with A. Hamer

of such historic value, it was placed Reiser as secretary. The music

in the Smithsonian Institute as committee was made up of Anpart of its permanent collection, Photo by H. R. M. thony C. Lund, Frank W. Asper,

until it has again been displayed in WALL LAKE, BRITISH COLUMBIA LeRoy Robertson, Lester Hinch- a world's fair, this time at Chicago. cliff, and Tracy Cannon. But Mr.

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY. 1934

Pyper did get the different elements quaint rounds and ballads from the sun, were his contraltos. To the

of the vast production together. early English. north, there on a raised hill, stood

Sometimes it takes a long time to Mr. Pyper's artistic life was his tenors, and to the extreme right,

bring a thing of beauty to life, but bound up in the constancy of his under the full shadow of the hills, how worth while it is! It is Mr. friends. His friendship for Evan waited his bassos. Interspersed

Pyper's very exactness and preStephens, "Bud"Whitney, as H. among the pines the quaking asps

cision, and his desire to give every- G. was called, and John D. Spencer sparkled and fluttered and these

one his due, that enabled him to was so intimate and sacred that one furnished the brilliant accompaniwork things out to such a successhardly dares speak of it except with ment for his novel imaginary choir.

ful conclusion. From an intricate reverence. These four men were all As the sun slowly sank and the

mass of ideas and details, he molded intensely fond of the beauties of evening breezes played among the the pageant into a singularly beaunature. For a long succession of soughing pines there seemed almost

tiful and unified whole. During summers they sojourned together at miraculously to come forth like the

all the months of its growth and Brighton, where they gloried in the legendary 'Music of the Spheres,'development there was not a clashglistening light of those tall jagged the magnificent harmonies of naing note among its hundreds of mountains and the soft shadow of ture's singers."

participants that he did not mitithe deep woods. The sounds of Each suceeding summer these

gate with his genial kindness and bird, leaf, and stream were delicious four men visited this enchanting tact. This inspired production accents to their ears; the gorgeous amphitheatre of the gods, until

was a perfect tribute to the manpanorama of colorful flowers and death called Mr. Whitney to the

agement and character of the man green meadows was a picture of life beyond. Then the three of them

who presided over it, and to his loveliness to their eyes. went. For the last four years, since

the death of Professor Stephens,rare capacity and understanding! NE day, long ago, the four of

At present Mr. Pyper is associate them climbed almost to the Mr. Spencer and Mr. Pyper have

editor of The Instructor, and he is crest of the mountains, east of climbed together to this shrine of also entrusted with the organizaBrighton, where they came to rest their devotion. Here they dedition of the weekly radio programs on a spot which they call the cated themselves to the memory of

which broadcast a dramatization of "Crow's Nest,"or "Stephens'their friends, and to the music of the Church hymns. Although he Roost"of late years. Mr. Pyper nature's choir they love so well.

does not write the plays, he mantells the following story about their They expect to make their annual ages and shapes the ideas. It is experience in the "Crow's Nest"pilgrimage to this spot so long

not surprising that they are very in an article which he wrote about as they both shall live.

interestingly produced by one who Evan Stephens for The Juvenile InMusic and the drama—the wellhas had the deepest respect for all structor for October, 1923. He springs from which George D. Pyphases of his religion and by one says, "This (the nest) was nothing per has derived his very breath of

in whose home music has helped to more or less than a native pine tree life, and from which has emanated form the ideal companionships that flattened by the heavy snows which the motivating spirit of his long have existed there. Around his laid on the boughs for eight months life of service to his State! Mr.

fireside the fulness of life has been in that locality, forming a natural Pyper is best known because of his demonstrated in a most perfect platform on a ledge far up on the love for music, his lyric tenor voice, blending of the artistic, the spirside of the Brighton hills. Here, his unceasing devotion to the arts,

itual, and the social phase of culcross legged, like the tailor of old. his literary works and his abundant

tural life. Long years ago, Mr. Professor Stephens would sit and in willingness to serve. He is one of

Pyper and his daughter, Retta, and imagination lead a mammoth choir Utah's foremost sons in the develMr. H. G. Whitney and his sister, made up of the forest crowding the opment of her cultural life.

Emma, used to sing together at basin below. Here on the right, a Through the warp and woof of

musical evenings in the Pyper grove of fresh young pines repreUtah's artistic expression the course home. Among other numbers, sented his sopranos. A little below of his life gleams like a golden

they charmed their friends with In the colorful rays of the setting strand.

The Playing cityand tousingcity, theplayingmembers"Fortschritt"of the cameto seetrue.his playA thousandone nightpeopleand cameproMissionary brancheswith thiswhenevermessage camepossible.wordAlongthat reachednounced moreit good.peopleIn threethan hourshe hadhe

{Continued from page 73) his plays were to be used in all in months of former missionary - "4 branches of the European mission. work. Zwickau, Erfurt, Plauen,

From city to city he went. The Hohenstein, and Gera all saw the

liked the play and two reporters mayor of Rathenow didn't like the play and each time the audience incalled on the author. word "Mormon"and made the creased. Elder Kimball learned

It was summer now and the missionary pay every conceivable early in the season that the best blithe, tamed country of Germany tax and hire all the unemployed firehalls in the city could be hired more seemed to be made for him. Presmen. (At least it seemed that way reasonably than could the secondident John A. Widtsoe sent word to Elder Kimball. ) Leipzig waived rate ones. As soon as he reached

from England that Elder Kimball's the "Steuer"and six marks were town, he located the hall with the missionary work was to be play sent into the Church coffers at Berbest stage and then set the German producing. He was to go from lin. At Chemnitz dreams almost saints to selling tickets. A year's

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY. 1934 91

subscription to the "Stern"was the and Lynn Broadbent, late of Utah the young American and his prize and they sold with gusto. or thereabouts, came in from the charming play. The Consul himBetween acts the missionaries sang field to play and Elder Kimball self sent the story to the Paris

and when it was advisable the Dishad the lead. He also had a secreHerald and the United Press. He

trict President gave a talk. Aftertary to keep his engagements in invited Elder Kimball to Innumerwards the missionaries distributed order and to answer telephone calls. able teas to meet the people who

tracts. Some nights the waiting Then came Adolph Hitler. Nazi wanted to see him and ask him

crowd was so long that it resembled soldiers conflicted with the local auquestions about his heartening rethe admirers of a great prima donna. thorities and brown shirts marched ligion. At one of these affairs a

NE early spring day Elder Kimparadedin and outthe streets,of publicand buildings,separated him.distinguished"You Germanand yourladycompansought

ball came to Dresden. Success little groups who gathered on corions,"she declared, "have started

here meant much to him. Dresden ners and in cafes. It looked as if all Dresden to talking and wonderwas his first field of labor and the "Progression"would be sent into ing. We cannot understand you.

branch was large. But before he limbo and the missionaries scatYou come upon us like a great

could assemble his cast, there was tered. Then Dresden adjusted itself wind, take us by storm, and then

the necessary red tape, and in unto the brown shirts and the play fade away. They tell us that you

rolling it he met Dr. Kulz, Lord went on. don't drink wine, tea, nor coffee

Mayor of Dresden, and A. C. On March 1 6 the curtain rose in and smoking you think a vulgar

Haeberle, American Consul. Both the large hall of the Kaufmannhabit."

of these celebrities liked the enthuschaft and revealed an audience of Homes that never before had siastic young man and had no sophisticated Dresdeners, counts been open to a Mormon missionary objections to his producing a Morand countesses, princes and prinunlocked their doors and heaped mon play. In fact, when they read cesses, ladies with gleaming jewels their tables. Prejudices were broken

it, they thought it would be a good and gentlemen with glistening down, and lasting friendships were idea to play it in English after the fronts, dramatic critics from all the started that had before seemed unGerman version had been produced. Dresden papers, twentyfive misattainable.

Because they wanted to be very cersionaries, and President Budge and Just before Elder Kimball left tain of the drama's success they had his wife. How the missionaries Dresden a letter came to him from

a number of authors read it, all got dress suits is not known. the American Consul. It said In

pronouncing it good. It was a night when hundreds of part: "Permit me to thank you

Shades of all those Mormon mispersons who had not thought twice again for the invaluable help that sionaries who kept the home folks of Latterday Saint doctrines sat you and your colleagues of the up nights with tales of their flights there and absorbed them with enMormon Mission in Germany have from the German police and still joyment. A night when the culgiven us in connection with our

worse tales of days spent in Gertured and the great and the nearrecent charity event for the needy man jails for sweet religion's sake! great asked, "Who are these young Americans of this city and the UnThe American Consul took men who come to preach religion employment Relief Association of

Elder Kimball about town and inand stop to entertain us?"A night Dresden. I have spoken with a

troduced him to fashionable Dresworth living all one's life for. great many people, Germans,

den and the American colony. No Americans, and others, who were

Cinderella ever grew Into a princess TJEXT day every Dresden newspresent to hear your play 'Proas rapidly as "Progression"became paper carried long stories about gression,'and I can assure you that famous In Dresden. Magdalene all enjoyed the same very much.

Witt, famed actress of the Residenz Not only did they comment favorTheatre in Dresden, of which there ably on the splendid acting, but is none grander, would play the also on the play itself. * * * For

lead. Mrs. A. K. Janson, wife of a the great help which you have given

prominent American doctor, would us, I wish to express to you before paint her face black to look like your departure from Dresden my

Liza Johnson. The Mary Wigman sincerest thanks."

Dancing School (and say It with Elder Kimball had done someawe) would send Its best dancers. thing for the Church which he

Elsa WIeber, soprano of the Dresloved and done it with beauty den Opera Company, would sing created by himself. East Prussia

Negro spirituals, and the Atlantis next and then the end of his misClub Band would be there. The sion. The end of his mission, and

place was the large hall of the he was far on his way.

Kaufmannschaft and the proceeds would go to charity, distributed by the Lord Mayor and the American T MAINTAIN, against the enemies of

Consul. Invitations, bearing on the stage, that patterns of piety, deone side a red, white, and blue shield cently represented, may second the

and on the other side the great seal precepts."Dryden.

of Dresden, were sent out to who's /''OD offers to every mind its choice in the city a notation withwho truth repose. - between and Take Photo bythat dress required. evening was never W. B. Hales. which can and you please, you PROVO LATE AUTUMN NEAR

David Tolman, H. H. Trayner, have both."Emerson.

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1934

The Cotillion setskillbyofthethe easypresentmanner,generation.poise andIt flower."ally as when "Knighthood was in

{Continued from page 76) may be that Dad and Mother will THE cotillion affords a delightful '.4 be eclipsed entirely when these precision of movement. There

dancing sons and daughters adopt is no starting with the wrong foot, in the precision and stately grace the Rage Quadrille and the Polka. or slouchy cutting of the corners,

of the square figure, and would Daughter's courses in esthetic without spoiling the whole figure.

doubtless intrigue with anticipation dancing may have created a grace The men move with military exactthe younger folk, who titillate for in her "address"and "balance"that ness. Their carriage is erect and

something new. Mother may envy, but not copy. dignified. They are at the same

alert time keen. and The women to the dances old going back The all the return dances with(AN of for display opportunity have just fad. will be another than more eclat the of former days with gesture, grace of of individual as as delightful the were Anythingthe glory theirs that before the was posture, of rhythmic walk and Quadrille the Lancers Rage andage of onesteps jazz music? and is It the elegance dance of bow. reviv- a returning of have and way will the revivication of theOr the or eloquent enhanced by made ing. aureole around an There wasstately dance be the marked by tilt of archness the the or head of the inimitable square old dances; angreater style of dash distinction and It a a shoulder. dance which was flavor rograce gallantry, of andthat the disyounger generation degree the of denoted promptly by gayety. note military mantic The inplays its the of whole gamut stateliness employed, and manner of the the Lancers'music and adoptionsnew to eyebrows from social dancer; status the the of stringed the of harmony Minuetbustles. identified either as a gentleman him enchanting were accompaniment

In any event, it will be an interinvitations to dance. The music or a rowdy. One learned from

esting evening when the whole of these measures brings an exhilthe figures, not only dance steps, family turns out en masse for their aration the less rhythmic modern but social conduct and deportment, first night of the old fashioned miscellany fails to evoke. courtesy and decorum.

dance. It will be a matter of specuOther parts of the country are

lation as to who will appear to The long full skirts of fashion having their square dance revivals.

best advantages in the revival exhiwill be an appropriate setting for Their recall would seem peculiarly bitions; the parents, familiar since the tempo of the old dances. They appropriate in Salt Lake City and

childhood with the complicated are remindful of the days when an Utah; in the land where Brigham

figures, or the daughters and sons, invitation to dance was answered Young over eighty years ago counto whom dancing has become secby a formal curtsy; when rigid seled the people to dance and enjoy

ond nature. The dignity and ceremony marked the conduct on themselves if they would "buoy up

grand manner Mother displayed in the dance floor and when chivalry their spirits and make their bodies the dances of her day, may be offand gallantry blossomed as naturvigorous and strong."

Why Is Fat anding regularlywho are inin therichhabitviands,of indulgalmost Aschangepreventivein weightmeasuresalready theyacquired.may

(Continued from page 77) invariably become victims of obesbe useful.

ity. All of us number among our The various glands of internal

persons acquaintances who are secretion, the thyroid, form of such as panintake—in

decidedheavy eaters, and who are restricted carefully to creas, pituitary, (sex and gonadsenergyfoods—were

energy output or consumption, ly overweight, as well as some glands), have been studied as posthere would be no increase in who are just as generous in their sible instigators of changes leading weight. And, accordingly, all one repasts and abnormally thin. It to obesity. While we know that

has to do about obesity is to cut is interesting to observe that the perhaps the majority of obese peodown the food intake to a level majority of young children with ple have their overweight because below that necessary for the body's parents who live a great deal in of disturbances in the regulating needs, and excess body fat will be hotels, show a tendency to obesity. powers of these glands, we do not

burned up. Some writers, especially in Geryet understand fully how to

Unfortunately, the problem is many, have stated that drinking remedy or control the abnormalvastly more intricate than this water or other fluid with the meals ities.

simple formula; and, in the words tends to increase the appetite for

of Dr. Henry R. Harrower: "It food, inclining one to eat more. AMONG the gland groups, sotakes more than a reduced diet and They also suggest that water may called pancreatic obesity is

a muscle vibrator to reduce be retained in the tissues and incommon. In attempting explanaobesity."crease weight directly. Their tion of this, one writer has said:

Among the causes of obesity, remedy consists of having obese * * * the pancreas, after having overeating and underexercising persons refrain from drinking with been imposed upon year after year, must still be accepted as producing meals, and in urging them to take eventually gets tired of putting in certain cases. Thus, it has been a saltfree diet. so much overtime, and gradually

pointed out that wealthy indiThese measures may prove allows some of its duties to accumuthe way of excess body case,viduals, helpful in a given about but the late—in who—especially weight. their given to this sort writers ever question stronglymiddle age—are

of thing in their manner of living being sufficient to effect any marked Such a statement at once implies

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934 93

overeating by the person, in order However, all the glands of internal ternal secretory glands seems to be to make the pancreas work "oversecretion (thyroid, pituitary, adreresponsible. Most of us feel that

time,"and would seem to recognize nals, gonads, etc.) are intimately we must accept this as inevitable

a combination of the first cause dependent upon each other, and and make the best of it. Perhaps

with this one. When we overload any seeming deficiency of one that is in a measure true, but it is

the digestive apparatus, some orusually involves others. This fact possible to limit considerably the

gans will be required to do extra makes it perilous for persons who extent of change, if we seek aid of work to keep the machine in runare overweight, or who fear they a physician who interests himself ning order. Continued long may become so, to begin selfmedi- in such problems.

enough, such excess labor means cation with the various gland preLike many another affliction, wearing out of over burdened strucparations which are on the market. obesity has both advantages and

tures, with consequent lowering of Sometimes they incur results which disadvantages. The fat person is

their ability to function. This require operation for toxic goitre much more likely to remain good

follows the belief of Dr. Joslin of even partly to remedy. Thyroid natured and philosophical under all

New York, noted authority on gland tablets, taken without wise conditions. He usually radiates

diabetes millitus (sugar diabetes) direction and due caution, constijoviality, and has few grouches who says that "diabetes is a penalty tute a dangerous drug. They compared with the thin individual.

of obesity,"meaning that after a should never be taken except under On the other hand, his excess certain wearing out of pancreatic the guidance of a competent physiweight places limitations upon his function, there develops a further cian. It seems a travesty upon our physical ability; overburdens his

disability in the organ's capacity governmental intelligence that this heart, as well as causing the heart to deal with sugars and store them preparation should be allowed to muscle to be shot through with fat up. Consequently an excess of constitute the active ingredient of (fatty degeneration); favors the

sugar overloads the blood and is certain patent medicines advertised occurrence of diabetes; and is likely

excreted by the kidneys. He points to cure obesity. to produce flat feet.

diabetes precedes obesity thatout it? then about do shall we What patients cent fortyin per of

a us first don'ts: mention few having "THE pituitary gland, when disLet

disease.that dreaded turbed in its function, has long (1) Don't take thyroid gland,

Another recognized group is been known to allow development or "fat cures,"except under the labelled thyroid obesity, because in of a particular type of corpulence, careful guidance of your family it there is evident disturbance of characterized by heavy deposits of physician. Remember he is better

function in this gland. The thyroid fat about the waist and thighs. qualified to know its dangers and

is figuratively the great fireman of Located at the base of one's brain, limitations, as well as to know the body engine. If this fireman this interesting little gland presides whether it may safely be applied to

is overactive and pushing the comover growth of the skeleton, and your particular case.

is requiredbustion beyond what certain sugar over of metaphases adopt the Don't follow and (2) is loses in individual weight,an it bolism. resultof Abnormality silly blatantly advertised and

is irsleepless nights,nervous, has is likely ing in obesity occur to most "diets,"so glibly prescribed by aritable, like being motor and year, after in children the fourth is It quacks. syndicated their true

released, clutch thespeeded with early the twenties. in and Here articles"smoothly "health worded

is certain jerky,trembles, to and successful requires again, treatment in well print, sound are they but grief. picture a to Suchcome careful the of inclusion study and usually far safe as guides to from goitre, toxic characterizesroughly principles other gland along with living. healthful physician Your

is results the of of thyonewhich pituitary. those the of is frequently called care to for thoseroid overfunction.

At about the time the gonads or whose constitutions would not

Where this gland is sluggish and sex glands give up their function of stand the abuse of such folly. Talk

fails properly to keep the body procreation, there often appears a to him first. Don't attempt selffires up to their normal level, a form of obesity which shows itself diagnosis. Get the help of somecondition spoken of as suboxidain general heaviness, with marked one who can study your particular

tion develops, and unburned maprominence of the abdomen. Disproblem as an observer, and analyze

terials are stored as fat. Such obesity tortion of the balance between its peculiarities. Even the physiis most common among young various units in the chain of incian who essays to diagnose his own

girls, and in women nearing the ailment usually arrives at a wrong "change"or menopause, but it may conclusion!,,

occur at any time, and in men as well as in women. Once be "high(3) Don'tpressured"allowintoyourselvesusing anyto

As pointed out by Dr. Harvey By Christie Lund of the glorified salines so popular

Cushing of Boston, thyroid obesity at this time. These various puroccasionally develops following a /"NCE, I measured life by years gative salts are put up under catchy

severe infection, such as typhoid Years aglow with youthful dreams. names, advertised loudly as cures

fever. Perhaps this means overOnce, I saw the road ahead for obesity, arthritis, stomach

loading the thyroid to a point Through a mist of rainbow gleams. trouble, etc., etc., and sold to the

where it partly breaks down. Now, I measure life each day: "gullibles"in great quantities.

Since thyroid obesity is due to Saying, "This is all God gave."Their whole action comprises

lowered gland function, one might Knowing that though hearts may break whipping up the bowel, and exconclude its cure to consist merely For that space they can be brave! tracting water from the tissues.

of feeding the gland preparations. Daily use of such means has fre-

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY. 1934

quently led to ill health and even a maintenance caloric value and so tain proteins for repair of body to invalidism. Avoid these comcompelling the body to draw upon cells; and the other substances menmercialized products, until you its reserve energy, in this way maktioned are of equally great sighave sought advice from someone ing an attack upon the fat depots; nificance. Any other plan of diettrained to give it. while at the same time an effort is ing to reduce runs grave risk of

increase expenenergy the to made disease, acidosis, digestive anemia, dieting reduction for weightTN diture encouraging of by the body resistance to disease, lowered and simplest the seof exercise. person physical treatment—indi- A vital reserve. lessening of generally far afield, notviduals go requires habits about dentary 2500

infrequently doing harm to the calories a day. If less is given than Changing the diet is likely to

digestive mechanism from which it the required amount, the balance have little effect if a glandular dedoes not readily recover. In his will be drawn from the energy reficiency is present. In fact some

book, "Clinical Dietetics,"Dr. serve of the fat depots. * * * people actually get heavier, when

Harry Gauss states rational general 1200 calories is usually the basis of dieting in the hope of reducing their principles underlying the reduction the rational obesity therapy. It inweight. As in all other ill health, diet as follows

"From the nutritioiial point of cludes the necessary protein require- a diagnosis of the underlying cause ment, ample amounts of roughage, should be made, and the treatmentview, the increased fat depots of the body represent so much reserve vitamins and inorganic salts, while fitted to remedy it. Obesity is a

energy; consequently in the therapy the carbohydrates and fats are redisease symptom which needs the

an attempt is made to call forth stricted."wisdom and experience of your

these fat deposits. This is done by That last sentence is of utmost physician no less than does any

supplying a diet which has less than importance. The diet must conother malady.

The Power of Truth easiestshorteningand mostthe possibilitiesrestful methodof life.of ofmanEden,traits.whenIt beganSatan inenviedthe GardenAdam

(Continued from page 78) Procrastination is stifling action by and Eve. It caused the downfall

''4 delay, it is killing decision by inof man and the first murder activity, it is drifting on the river Cain's unbrotherly act to Abel.

legatees of fortune have the wisof time, instead of rowing bravely Envy is a paradoxic vice. It candom to acquire the reality of refinetoward a desired harbor. It is not suffer bravely the prosperity of

ment through careful training. watching the sands in the houranother, it has mental dyspepsia

This is the true method of putting glass run down before beginning because someone else is feasting, it the sword itself in order instead of any new work, then reversing the makes its owner's clothes turn into begemming the scabbard. glass and repeating the observation. rags at sight of another's velvet.

The girl who marries merely The folly of man in thus delaying Envy is the malicious contemplafor money or for a title, is a femiis apparent, when any second his tion of the beauty, honors, success, nine Esau of the beginning of the life may stop, and the sands of that happiness, or triumph of another.

century. She is selling her birthsingle hour may run their course, It is the mud that inferiority

right of love for the pottage of an and he will not be there to see. throws at success. Envy is the

empty name, forfeiting the possiDelay is the narcotic that paragangrene of unsatisfied ambition, it bility of a life of love, all that true lyzes jenergy. When Alexander eats away purpose and kills energy.

womanhood should hold most was asked how he conquered the It is egotism gone to seed; it always

dear, for a mere bag of gold or a world, he said: "By not delayfinds the secret of its nonsuccess in

crown. She is decorating the scabing."Let us not put oflF till tosomething outside itself.

bard with a crest and heraldic demorrow the duty of today; that Envy is the scabbard, but emulasigns, and with ornaments of pure which our mind tells us should be tion is the sword. Emulation regold set with jewels. She feels that done today, our mind and body gards the success of another as an

this will be enough for life, and should execute. Today is the sword object lesson; it seeks in the trithat she does not need love,—real we should hold and use; tomorrow umph of another the why, the

love, that has made this world a is but the scabbard from which each reason, the inspiration of method.

paradise, despite all the other peonew today is withdrawn. It seeks to attain the same heights

ple present. She does not realize The man who wears an oppresby the path it thus discovers, not

that there is but one real reason, sive, pompous air of dignity, beto hurl down from his eminence but one justification for marriage, cause he has accomplished some him who points out the way of all the other little work of importance, because attainment. Let us keep the swordand that is,—love;

motives are not reasons, they are he is vested with a brief mantle of of emulation ever brightened and only excuses. The phrase, "marryauthority, loses sight of the true sharpened in the battle of honest

ing a man for his money,"as the perspective of life. He is destitute effort, not idly dulling and rusting

marries the ously. It is a thousanddollar The supreme folly of the world,—theworld womanbluntly putsmerelyit, is incorrect of humor; he takes himself seriin the scabbard of envy.

money and takes the man as an inscabbard on a twodollar sword. the saddest depths to which the

cumbrance or mortgage on the human mind can sink, is atheism.

property. "THE man who is guilty of envy He surely is to be pitied who perThe man who procrastinates, is the victim of the oldest vice mits the illogical philosophy of

filling his ears with the lovely song in the history of the world, the petty infidels, or his misinterpreof "tomorrow,"is following the meanest and most despicable of hutations of the revelations of science.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY, 1934 95

to cheat him of his God. He pins mitted to look over and check off justice, and seeking to cover her

his faith to some ingenious sophisthe groundplans of the universe. shame with greater shame, she

try in the reasoning of those whose He sheathes the sword of belief in sheathed the sword o.f a nation's

books he has read to sum up for the dingy scabbard of infidelity. He honor in the scabbard of a nation's

him the whole problem, and in does not see the proof of God in crime. The breaking of the sword

hopeless egotism shuts his eyes to the daily miracle of the rising and of Dreyfus when he was cruelly dethe million proofs in nature and setting of the sun, in the seasons, graded before the army, typified life, because the full plans of Omin the birds, in the flowers, in the the degradation of the French nanipotence are not made clear to him. countless stars, moving in their mation in breaking the sword of jusOn the technicality of his failure jestic regularity at the command of tice and preserving carefully the

to understand some one point eternal law, in the presence of love, empty scabbard with its ironic inperhaps it is why sin, sorrow, sufjustice, truth in the hearts of men, scription, "Vive la justice."

fering and injustice exist in the in that supreme confidence that The scabbard is ever useless in making in humanity, is inborn it is will then declares of emergency; the hour not beheworld—he savage worship the lowest even itself that disbelievelieve. as well the sword the upon we must He might

in the sky above him because he Infinite in some form. It is the rely. Then the worthlessness of

cannot see it all; discredit the air petty vanity of cheap reasoning show, sham, pretence, gilded weakhe breathes because it is invisible; that makes man permit the misfit ness is revealed to us. Then the

doubt the reality of the ocean bescabbard of infidelity to hide from trivialities of life are seen in their cause his feeble vision can take in him the glory of the sword of true form. The nothingness of

but a few miles of the great sea; belief. everything but the real, the tried,

deny even life itself because he canthe true, is made luminant in an not see it, and no anatomist has PHE philosophy of swords and instant. Then we know whether

found the subtle essence to hold it scabbards is as true of nations our living has been one of true up to view on the end of his scalpel. as of individuals. "When France preparation, of keeping the sword

He dares to disbelieve in God decommitted the great crime of the clean, pure, sharp and ready, or one spite His countless manifestations, nineteenth century, by condemning of mere idle, meaningless, dayby- because he is not taken into the full Dreyfus to infamy and isolation, day markings of folly on the empty confidence of the Creator and perdeafening her ears to the cries of scabbard of a wasted life.

The Beloved "WhatStar doturnedyou mean?"a startledshe cried.face. trustedto offer him.her a checkPerhapsfor hea newwas gowngoing

be so like him! She would it—it all—I the hysterically, opened laughedCinderella tell"Iyoudon'twhatknowI do know—butcan't

(Continued from page 83) I've warned you!"Etta panted door and went in.

and went out, half sobbing.

she was mad with joy; he could wilderedStar, leftthanalone,alarmed.felt Shemorecouldbesitting at Blanchardhis desk his facewasin

not get the heiress after all make nothing of Etta's strange shadow. A little way off, standStar, dressing with shaking warning. There was trouble ing with his back toward the fire,

hands, felt a hot wave of resentwhat kind of trouble? She was was James Carr. At the sight of

ment sweep over her. "I hate hooking up her gown in feverish him Star stopped short.

him!"she said, bitterly. "It's his haste when a maid came to her "You wanted me. Father?"

fault. I don't even like him; I door. Blanchard made a mute sign of

told him sol""Mr. Blanchard would like to assent and then, as Carr started,

Etta went to the door. She was see you in the library, miss,"she apparently intending to leave the

shaken, too, but with a storm of said in a low voice. room, he stopped him.

emotion that had to do with all The girl's face was grave; some- "Please remain, Jim, you'll have

Carr's lovemaking. She turned thing in her look told Star that the to clear up some points for her, no

and looked back at Star. Somesummons was unusual. Her father doubt."Turning to Star he spoke

thing in the girl's beauty, her honhad sent for her to come to his grimly: "Sit down, I have some

esty, touched her. library; he had never so summoned questions to ask. Perhaps you

"I'm going to tell you,"she said her before. Vague misgivings know what they are?"

shakily. "I know I shouldn't, but stirred in her mind, a strange thrill Star sank into the nearest chair

there's trouble, besides the trouble of fear ran through her, but she and looked at him, startled and crossed firmly downstairs has made it went andabout flushed. "No, I Nelson—Carr don't know! Why

library door. She the hall to the what itfor you. I don't know Father?"are you angry.

is, but uncle's stricken by it, I saw drew a sharp breath there, pressing father of yours,"his face. You were wrong—"she the handkerchief against her lips. "I'm no

replied harshly; "of to suddenly, she in remembered Blanchard "wrongadded Then, a low voice—that!"course you know uncle's he's telling her, indulgently, father her angry; Carrmake

lawyer. There's something terthat if she wanted anything to Star was dumb. The shock of

ribly amiss—there!you—"Etta caught I'veat thewarneddoor, cometo let toEttahim.frightenHowherfoolishaboutsheCarr!was itShesentdidthenotbloodunderstand,back to herbutheart.his

half sobbing. Her father was good to her, she (Continued on page 120)

which he believed had united once again—for Who Was the country he had saved. With malice towards

believing none, he everythat Americans lay down learn to each other. love George Washington? where would now He

QEORGE WASHINGTON was a boy born on believed that the Union was an eternal Union.

a farm, one might call it an "estate,"in He believed that Americans everywhere would put Virginia, in 1732—February 22. He was an the Union first—always.

aristocrat by birth and training, but he became What of his dreams? What of his Americans?

a great democrat.—H. R. M.

soil, fine people. fine horses, the loved and He

his built also loved on the Dollar Education which he He home banks of the Potomac at Mt. Vernon. That he TT is more or less disappointing to an idealist to

is fact his that indicated the loved he by home all learn the education that of have which we it it rose built garden well still stands. so that His dollar of in sort here been a so proud America was

is still fine preserved. that about Everywhere

all. after that education, high our hoped Many

colonial there that of old the house banks on filling colleges because schools our were and up peaceful river are memories of him. people had come to believe fully that a government

people—commonHe became a greatpeople.general,Hebutwashe still loved such as ours, or, indeed, any free government, deoffered a pends for success not only upon the intelligence

crown, but he chose to be merely a president of but upon the education of its citizenry.

his people. He wanted them to have the power Remarks of recent months have indicated that

to remove him if they desired to do so. He served few were really thinking of the larger lives, the

two terms and then retired to his farm, his horses, longer vision, the finer appreciation that education and his friends in private life. brings, but of the number of dollars an educated

He had great dreams for the then little country person was able to make. Of course we realize

which he had helped usher into the world. He that happiness and satisfaction have an economic

died believing that Americans everywhere were foundation, but few of us were ready to admi\ and would continue to be patriotic, high minded, that schools exist primarily to enable people to lovers people. huncommon Two sense. luxuries of people—the in the physical have more We hoped

birth, elapsed since his one years have dred two that a part of the purpose of culture and was one his refinement. hundred thirtyfive—approximately—since

death. These thoughts come to us chiefly because we

What of his dreams? What of his Americans? have heard many seemingly intelligent people talk

—H. R. M. as if a cherished son or daughter should not be

college urged to or even to complete go to high Who Was school so are finding because degreed people many difiiculty locating jobs, let alone positions. That Abraham Lincoln? there disintegrating has been a tremendous

BRAHAM LINCOLN was a boy born in a fluence at work in the thinking of American peoin- log cabin in the woods on a farm, one might ple is indicated by the fact that according to a

for) by April, 1934, 20,300 schools in the call1809—Februaryit almost a squatter's12. He claim,was a common,in Kentucky,everyin report (the accuracy of which we would not vouch

day lad by birth and training. United States will be closed turning out 1,025,-

He loved books, the soil, and people. He also 000 children.

loved the Union. America, in his mind, was a In our opinion the salvation of the world debeautiful federation of states joined together in pends upon proper, characterforming education.

brotherly love and affection. With radios in millions of homes, with magazines

He became a great attorney, a splendid poliand newspapers flashing their gaudy advertisetician, an expert and adroit debater, but he still ments at us containing all sorts of sophistries we loved people—all of them white and black and must be rather well educated to maintain our inred. And he still loved the Union. He passed dependence and equilibrium.

through many trials, but he succeeded in coming Education is not a matter of dollars and cents;

out just plain, honest Abe. not a matter of jobs and livelihood alone; it is He passed through a great war—-a hearttearing a matter of survival in a state at all desirable.

war because brother was fighting against brother, A community, if it is wise, will relinquish its father against son. His heart was torn, but he schools last of all. Property owners may call a

strike, but they should know that in doing could not forget the Union—the beauty of the tax

Union. He said: "The Union must be preserved."so they strike at the very foundations of free govHe was homely, but to the slaves he was beauernment—the schools. We believe that tax burtiful; to lovers of the Union he was handsome; dens should be equalized; that incomes should

to common, honest people he was splendid. determine in part the amount of taxes to be paid,

He died dreaming great dreams for the country but property holders should be aware of the fact

'y,y$h

that so long as they hold property of any kind friends need not be ashamed of recognizing the they are capitalists and should be willing to be friendship and marking it.

assessed to some extent upon the value of their "I have to live with myself, and so I want to capital. be fit for myself to know"is the basic sentiment

Fathers and mothers with sons and daughters of a verse which carries a depth of thought beyond growing up will do well to sacrifice much before the rhymed words. "Are you in good company

they abridge the educational training which their when you are alone?"was the idea put in query

children should possess. How much education form by a great Latterday Saint teacher. Another

any particular person should have is a moot quesperson, in more jocular, yet fundamentally serious, tion, but that all should have at least some admanner has put it, "I like to talk to myself for vanced training is hardly debatable. two reasons: first, I enjoy talking to an intelligent

The pickand-shovel age has gone forever, unperson; second, I enjoy listening to an intelligent

less, like Samson, we deliberately pull the pillars person talk."

of the temple down upon ourselves. Machines Selfappreciation is not an unworthy quality,

call for education, and they also predict emanciand it should not be confused with selflove or pation from drudgery. conceit. "Selflove is a mote in every man's eye,"

Whether a son or daughter should study at says an old German proverb, but "All must recollege or not should not be determined solely by spect those who respect themselves,"is the other the possibilities of their being able to get a lucraside of the story, as expressed by Disraeli, and tive job when they are through, but by their selfrespect, wellfounded, is the basis of selfap- capacity and by the abundance of the life through preciation.

education they may be able to live. To those we appreciate, we send greetings on

Dollar education may be gone, but the educacertain days. If we appreciate ourselves, among

tion that made a Newton, a Pasteur, a Lincoln, others, why not send ourselves recognition of that a cultured gentleman or lady, we hope, will never feeling? And if we do send such, what shall it be?

perish from the earth, for "a man (including the Surely not a material object, purchased with world) is saved no faster than he gains knowlmoney which should have gone for another puredge."—//. R. M. pose, not something we have needed and would

have bought anyway. It should be something of

Send Yourself d spiritualand somethingvalue, especiallyimmeasurablegivenin fortermsa particularof price,

Valentine occasion. One woman sent herself a free hour a day to

yALENTINE'S DAY is becoming more and visit shutins; and her gift to herself will never

more of an event, not only in the lives of grow dim nor faded, for the love and gratitude children who keep expectant, frightened eyes on of those whose lives she has cheered have made it a slit box, and know that glory or shame awaits imperishable. Another woman sent herself the

them there according to the number of offerings present of keeping a record of the birthdays of all they receive, but in the lives of their elders as her friends and acquaintances and being among well. The stores begin to flaunt windows full the first to wish each many happy returns of the

of doves and roses and hearts almost the moment day. Through her little hobby, she brought toholly and New Year greetings are out of the way. gether three whose birthdays were the same day,

And Valentine's Day should be an event—any and they have become inseparable friends; their

occasion upon which kind thoughts and sweet friendship for each other, as well as for her, makes expressions of them are stimulated should be hers an enduring gift. Give yourself for a Valregarded as important. The fine point to be entine a long walk through the February air and

kept in mind is that after the thoughts are kindled, a consciousness of everything you see; give yourthe message carrying them is sent with no name self the time to read over old letters you have kept

signed. No return is asked nor expected; no to read some day, but never found the necessary

duty demands the sending of a Valentine; only spare hour; give yourself the sight of a face you

warmth of feeling prompts the sending and have missed, or even the sound of a voice over the warmth of feeling accompanies the receiving. Totelephone, or a postcard mailed to one who is

ward the whole world one experiences new senfar away and lonely. Send yourself the memory

sations of love and appreciation; toward all peoof the smile of a tired widow whose children you

ple one is more friendly; the world is the place in entertain for an afternoon, or the unspoken thanks

which the message was conceived and anyone in the eyes of a shopgirl to whom you express might be the sender. appreciation for her courtesy. Put into your own

Everyone has sent Valentines to others; how life, for a Valentine, soulvalues which come

many have sent them to themselves? Egotistical through glimpsing the souls of others. Send to

thought? Perhaps, at first glance, but do not others kindly thoughts, encouraging words, genpass it by with a single glance. A message to tleness, peace, beauty; if you do you will inevitone's best friend on this day of messages to friends ably find that you have sent yourself a Valenshould not be omitted; those who are their own tine.—. T. B.

THE

FIRST CITIZEN

Who will be the First Citizen of Salt Lake City for CLAY MODEL OF "THE FIRST CITIZEN,"BY PAULPhotoS. CLOWESCourtesy Salt Lake Tribune.

1933? We are eager to learn

The award is a beautiful bronze Utah artist widely known for his as we understand the nominastatuette, which will be treasured excellent depictions of western life tions are to be made from by the recipient both for its. sig- -—-and, incidentally, for his familamong those whose unceasnificance and its intrinsic beauty. iar illustrations in The ImproveEach year from now on the award ment Era. The "First Citizen"

ing unpaid work for civic will be conferred upon a new claimhappens to be Mr. Clowes'first

betterment and the establishant for the honor. venture into the field of sculpture.

desolate in a residing pony, Indian in His and or woman Any man called desert spot, to the been havement of high ideals is outSalt by City Lake may aspire standing. If the award can be distinction implied in the name of critics an impressive and truthful

Citizen."It portrayal of the life the pioneersmade annually upon merit the trophy—"First

will be conferred annually by a came upon in their daring trek into alone then it ought to grow in committee of judges selected by the the heart of the Rockies.

imfortance from year to year. president of the Salt Lake AdvertisOn the face of the huge rock

ing Club. The choice of the "First shown in the accompanying picture

Citizen"will be made on the basis will be a silver plaque on which of outstanding achievement in some will be inscribed the name of the

Advertising Salt Lake the year the of and award no winner line of endeavor, and worthy cordial deserves accorded or activity applause field heTHEClub or social she was in which of vocational for the instituting and sponwill be excluded. Civic enterprise the honor. As the years pass and

soring of what will likely become and wholesome interest in the afthe venture just begun acquires sigone of the interesting traditions fairs of mankind will, naturally, nificance and meaning, it will come of Utah. Reference is made to the cut a big figure in the appraisals of to be a highly coveted distinction

"First Citizen"award, soon to be the judges. to be named Salt Lake City's "First

conferred upon some outstanding The beautiful bronze piece is the Citizen,"and to have the record man or woman for the first time. plastic creation of Paul Clowes, a immortalized in bronze and silver.

Questioning Helen Dead Love Forgiven

By Margaret Jane Cole By Florence Hartman Townsend By Nell Larson

at last! Yes. Ah, who am I to across comes centuries are pORGIVEN? so manyTHERE

'blame a halfremembered voice from WORDLike quick still dust your From to my pulsing flesh out the past. Because your love for me grew cold and

I cannot hope to profit by your loss And comes too late! dead?

Of what could once a thousand hearts Perhaps you thought me watching at the Forgiven? Yes. E'en though this gripenmesh. gate? ping pain

What magic held the love you lightly won Love is not so! Reigns now where greatest joy reigned in

its stead. seen I've lived loved love come and and your wondrousBeyond

"bloom—your go. and promised faith—I forsaid "Forgive."Yes Master The dies. oft love yet are For thirty done armies? menHeld Nor

give. lies. lives, unrequited, told love you Beauty's conjure toVoicing your Who name his throne. solace kneeling seek And my this word! But now wraith.

live heart I give shattered my lies longing, heart, long dead with to him—andat My

just With my the to keep love ask one I only way unstirred. memories—alone.

telltale the years footprints of of In spite (I not dream. must not say "forForgotten? Ah, do No. inspire strong passion deep a and to star's soft night, a theHow Remembering get,"

fears these to laugh morbid awayEnough is life sorely marred so a thus For when gleam—love I to lack theLest should make charm I take broom my is ask. to a great Forgetting boon

last; quiet, dust sweep empty and And my it is too a hard. me, much For tootask—ah, it in the past? buried with was youOr room.

Forgiven? Yes. Forgotten? No. I go

my lonely way.

To You I seek my happiness again—in joys of Pansies For Thoughts yesterday.

By M. Conrey Bcyson

By Estelle Webb Thomas T'D like to dip my brush into the colors orchids sent me 'of Day Wash the dawn ONE Gorgeous and paint rare; And Locke Whitmer upon the cloud's gray canvas By Elizabeth lilies sent me One bold,

fair; Fragile and beauties that have dreams The my tulipfrocks. dared LITTLE roses sent One me to syly dwell upon Blowing on a line; lots, great fragrant In untold. fancies long that been so have The bluebellsocks of Rows pansies sent you But me confine. scarce can Pins like I'd the the to catch of music mornthoughts Pansies for

ing's gentle breeze breeches show Dutchmen's exotic Orchids it tinkling the distant blend with And hues, Unaccustomed away; Withered bells.

in a row. lilies Delicate the brooklet of and the humHanging The murmur choose. to a miss For Lasted a day; bees, the of ming

He who sent roses The story that the bird so blithely tells. Cleansed in rainbow suds,

I forgot, too Turquoise rinsed and dyed.

But when I see pansies I'd like to find some magic words of Flowering like buds.

I think of you! cadence rare and fine Windsweet and sundried.

And weave them in the pattern of a song.

All fraught with tender meaning in the lilt Colorful, grotesque

Memorandum As everyof everyverse linemoves happily along. FormGarmentsan arabesque.brightly placed

On the Back of an Envelope I'd like to take the painting and the music Lyrics interlaced.

By Ardyth Kennelly and the song.

And wrap them in a piece of sky so blue.

SOMETIME soon I simply must And on the wings of morning send them Woman's Strength Make a poem of you; all where they belong—By Nova M. Burkett

All about your pretty mouth I'd like to give them every one to you.

And laughter that you do. SHE held his aching head upon her

breast. mention, chin I'll andNose ruffled bright hair. Violets Theare strongertried, in the hour when hearts Your

Little hands and straight brows. Mrs. Harry Poll When some loved hope has vanished from

Ambercolored stare. their lives

TINY, modest, purple, little violets. Or someone loved and cherished dear,

Somewhere near the last I'll put Shyly peeping, embedded in deep green. has died.

"I'm in love with you,"Balmy perfume exhaling in the air.

And then, to rhyme with "you,"a line Dainty fragrance hails, tells us you are Her faith serene, a bulwark in the storm.

Ending in "blue,"or "true."there. She looks to dim, far heights and garPeering and hiding 'neath your foliage ners strength.

And if I sell it, dearest heart, sheets. And, in her very weakness vlct'ry-

(Lovely, lovely scheme) Bobbing, dipping as In a deep green sea. crowned.

We'll buy music and a show Enfolded, made snug by leaflets there. She reaches lasting joy, and peace, at

And strawberry ice cream I Enticing little flowers sweetly fair. length.

As the 'Earth Turns theywho stoodwere thereout asto starshelp onservea quietand tonight.me izedTheypeoplenever confusesometimesme do,as moreand civiltheir

By Anna H. Curtis Inearlykeep allthinkinggirls ataboutthat them.age haveI afeelcertainthat ant.experiences and emotions seem import-

"As THE Earth Turns/'By Gladys wholesomeness,vitality that it isresponsiveness,a pity they shouldand cleanever In her book she has preserved some

Hasty Carroll (The Macmillan lose. I wish they could hold on to it of the quaint sayings of the New EngCompany, New York, 1933. for the world needs it. Tell your girls to land folk. In her interview she herself

Price $2.50) try, won't you? Don't let them lose uses "settled in."One of the charbelief interest in or the eagerness beauty or this acters phrase. in uses the same book was TURNS"EARTH THE of things."AS important are: the other sayings of Some the selected of the Month Book by I see. if trace better can't a "I'd address of few the Carroll sent Mrs. me first into climbed immediately andClub

ears of corn."the more of Gladys Baker Birmingham first seller. the a best as place During

tell."their to early "According interviewed her Herald, had who its publication of 100,000month

all duff in help."right are "We'll and in following the summer. The States. in copies sold United were

itself in "It'll talk."take out article: that "Gladys quotations from as farming of think Those who smart."in "Seems Carroll and 1904, born Hasty was will commonplace, wondrudgery and

is Mrs. the daughter of and Warren Mr. years spent three Carroll her Mrs. on a take farmerder author can an how Maine. Berwick, of Hasty V. South As little intimate the manuscript and seathe large his through familyand

the of her child lived a she farm on life describes that she so things about fall spring, and summer,sons—winter, Hasty, grandfather, B. paternal George time there that were minutely show it a most ofwinter make again—and district school. she did Later attending her in patience used assembling and experiencesentertaining book. The

at college Berwick preparatory work are surmaterial. characters All her his to andwhich come Shaw Mark

in She 1921. graduating Academy, feel detail that such rounded we by we in isolated Maine, farmfamily, an on

College, LewisBates graduated from are them. acquainted Every with memneighbors foreign the of comingand

ton, in commence1925. Maine, At to family seems the ber of Shaw with their to blood and mingle ways

Carroll Herbert she married A. ment individual. distinct a boy become One material the yankee,the native up make

also graduated Greenfield, Mass. of He ideal, thrifty England the was New in uses her Carroll Gladys Hastywhich

lived in College Bates 1923. She from shiftless farmer. and when was One.first novel, the Earth Turns.""As

for three years Fall River, in Mass., if it the matter did not he plowed, life, so round, seasons the swing As

in after her marriage and York New "the straight crooked, or was furrow birth, love, marriagedeath, come and years her while husband for City two as well."stuff just Angrow would that this thing family.to one The herself did She graduate did work. left the a became farm and other son sequence regular the certain wasseemed the at in Arts Fine study graduate the fourth Pilot son and Commercial year. the seasons during theof Harvard, and Chicago, University of college, his made through worked way ripsweet corn the August"Through charge Carroll had Mrs. Columbia. fame achieved the debating team and for ready string were beansened and

the a of Youth's of department Comas than a anyone lawyer. But more sugar of smelled housepicking—the this period, and of part during panion central else the family, Jen, in the ripened. early potatoes spice andand In books. juvenile published two fulfills father's her group, the figure of last like and August AugustThis was accepted her husband 1930 when ideal son: would for "One an a wish who bethatlike gone had other Augusts

of at University the Minprofessorship impatient listen, too nor too smart not the else change,fore. might Whatever Minneapolis, to she nesota, moved his land to learn too what proud nor their course."seasons kept

lives. a small has She she where now as earth turned the teach him, could to I there this read came book, As just Carroll, born son, Hasty Warren conIn the sun."marked slowly round writer a to the desire who knowme manuscript the of the after completion life, trast Jen's of love to farm we a such wholesome, us happy givecould

of, the Turns."Earth "As sisters happiness find the whose two publishers story. interestingand The

gave me her address; I wrote asking if In talking to Miss Barker, Mrs. Carwas to be found in working in the city.

she would tell me how and why she roll said, "Everything connected with After some of the heroines in present had written of farmers, and the conmy husband and baby satisfies me comday fiction, who seem to think of life tentment they found in the land. I pletely, also our rather small house with as an adventure interwoven with cheap,

also told her of the Gleaner Comits large garden where there are lilacs, petty love affairs, Jen stands out as a mittee's choosing her book to be on flowering almond bushes and straight, girl with a firm and clear purpose in their reading course, and that many tall tulips. I love the quiet and serenity life. She finds happiness realized

hundreds of girls in the West would be and confidence of a place where people through service to others, one of the reading and discussing it this winter. whoft are fond of one another are settled highest laws ever given. It is her

Mrs. Carroll very graciously answered, in. kindly wisdom and understanding of

and sent this message to our girls: Frequently, a rather young author her family and her loyalty to them, that

will project her own inner feelings in makes her an unforgettable character.

"I am especially interested in your her first pretentious writing, such as To her well managed and orderly girls because of having worked with girls a novel. As I read of Mrs. Carroll's kitchen the family comes for sustenance,

for the past four years through editing a love for the simple and quiet things physical and spiritual; the stepmother

the in Magazine. forpage Household them

I write see children with the she can complaints, can in life, her with how necessary for lately just me becomeIt has of patter, brothers farm the understanding so childish and their with much I regret position, this do resign andto

. interview life. her inlaws. simple sisters in her from "Jen and Quoting yester- I friends the Only made.leaving

* * * is that nobility says, reaches like people she "I again, understanding, tea middleat attended mostly a byday aged women, I met two high school girls But best of all, I like farming people. {Continued on page 121)

LIGHTS and SHADOWS on the SCREEN 'THE CHALLENGE is the heading on garding the children of the first. Pleas-

a page of comment from the Will ing picture for family.

Hays office, and it says: "Now comes Christopher Bean (M. G. M):

'Little Women.'That it has been Rich in entertainment value, as Marie

made at all is a tribute to the cooperaDressier pictures always are, the lapsing tion you have given the industry in into slapstick at the end detracts from promoting support for the better type the interest. Family.

pictures! has beenof motion That it DeInvisible Man (Universal)

finest Hollywood'sbedecked with talspite careful direction and good: phoent, finest direction, finest photography tography, this story of a chemist who

and exploited in the finest manner, makes himself invisible and then goes represents the faith of R. K. O.-Radio insane, is good entertainment only for

Pictures Inc. in you 'carrying on'and thrillseeking adults.

of the wholesomenessin the basic Prize Fighter and the The picture appetite. public'sAmerican G. M.): (M. Lady A hackneyed "We are, so to speak, at the crossof the boxing ring which has the virtuestale

roads. If 'Little Women'becomes the of fine fighting technique and excellent

best paying picture of 193334, we acting; it will be more of a treat to fight

will travel 'to the right.'The alternate fans than to picture fans. Adults and

is away from family entertainment. adolescents.

'Little will for do you Women'What K. This (R. O.): Aces of Ace the exhibitorslargely determine what

effect brutalizing of the of war Courtesy Photo in in 'Alice to and Wonderland'do life character the of a young and VICTOR AND WILL JAMES ofJORY—AUTHORFo'x Film Corp.AND storyon their in the producersturn do what STAR OF "SMOKY"interesting aviator antiwar an makes *."* *193435 program

film. people. Adults and young

(Par.) So to PREVIEW OF CURRENT adolescents.ed and quietly beautiful. Adults and suggestiveDesign asforto beLivingdistasteful: most PICTURES Eskimo (M. G. M.): Marvelous people. Not recommended.

(Par.) in fine direction, photography, Alice and comWonderland (M. G. M.): Baron Meet the

picture Posyou must not miss. pelling in dramatic power. ManyA exstupid with will Wearisome, comedy

sibly the public the parts of feel that code the strange moral know who offensive dialogue of the ceptionally and a it the picture.not Alice wonder what mature For mars may is all Eskimo Hopelessly wasted. good cast entirely

get so, If public to the help audiences.about. vulgar. recommended. Not

to sothe read books, become and them is Miss Fane's Baby Stolen: Social (Fox) of Gold lovers, Walls Alice of thepart and of world

: realistic story the kid- (Par.) of A treatment, melodramatic with drama of happiness the meetgive themselves

picture a child the of of naping motion replete inconsistent with story weak and little in Charlotte Henry.ing her image

actress, all underwith and sympathy situations. offensive all means.Family, by order. side standing the of law and on

LITTLE Women {R. K.O.): The Adults and adolescents. Blood Money (United Artists)

title than suggests more violence Thelovely, Alcott story Louise by human: An justifies. underworld the plot Typical screen, tois faithfully the brought and Dancing Lady (M. G. M.)

is, perhaps, in screen history the perfect elaborate backstage musical concerning story with several objectionable epifor yearnings a dancing girl and her sodes, only dubious entertainment andpicture. acting Kathcrof superb The

General tone on Broadway. adults. is value undiscriminating for flashes her of beauty fame withine Hepburn,

lines, clean, but double meaning some the lovely doll perpetual than (more (Univ.): COUNSELLORAT-LAW disneedless suggestive innuendoes and

, the direction inspiredtype) and make east side picture Impressive boy of an interesting picplay otherwise an marthis picture. great a to Family, not criminal a prominent becomes who ture. people. Adults young and missed!be acting fastmoving lawyer. and Good

Smoky (Fox): Appealing story Hi Nellie (WarnerFirst Nat'I): dialogue make a highly dramatic picof a high spirited horse from colthood Good newspaper comedydrama, ture for Adults.

story, age,to beautiful old Ariwith directed. cleverly smartly played and

: transatlantic (Columbia) Fog A scenes scenery thrilling:zona rodeo and city editor a of newsmanaging The liner, the of in middle fogsurrounded

to unusually produce ancombine to fine paper the "Heart is reduced Throbs"series a of setting for the is the ocean, picture. children, sensitive for Except to smart but is column, enough win a baffling solved murders, young byfamily. a laurels his solving back front page by boat. criminologist the aboard Good

big mystery. Paul enough for Not Another O.): (R. K. Trigger for adults and adolescents who like

its entertainment of but good of Muni, the actingstory made notable by this type.

Katherine Hepburn, the plot turning kind. Adults and young people.

In If (R. K.O.): Free I Were in the prayer of hands the powerupon: Refreshing (Fox) As Husbands dissadness, spite of of an undercurrent girl, crude, aof wild backwoods and

frivolous American comedy of two tragedy, the deft near and appointment is effective that discovery prayerher are turned heads by whose this a picstory of has athandling made it women in love; uttered thatonly but when

tention a couple of Europeans. from is light, whimsical ture and which hate. children,is muddied Beyond by

direction acting Careful good and made audiences. For amusing. mature excellent adults thoughtful forbut and

a for picture enjoyable thoroughlyadolescents. (Columbia): Castle Man's A adults people. and young

: in beautiful story, simple, Delicate which, love story (Univ.) Beloved

of disappointments and triumphs of Broken Dreams (Monogram): spite of unconventional situations carmusician who wants to write the AmerThe old problem of necessary adjustries charm and tenderness throughout.

ican Symphony. Refreshing, restrainments the second wife must make reAdults and young people.

Why We Sing Excerpts from an address given at the Annual Primary Convention, June 11, 1927,

By ELDER MELVIN J. BALLARD, of the Council of the Twelve

YKTHY do we sing in this Church? in the accomplishment of that great feat stirring hymn. He had spent ten years

It is because singing is one of the not only by proclaiming the messages of missionary work in England, each highest forms of worship known to and appeals for religious liberty that year hoping to be released that he might men or angels. The Lord Himself has they made, but they got the people to come to Zion. The elders had created

said that the songs of the righteous are singing about it, and when the people such an ambition in his heart to come prayers unto God, and they shall be started to sing about this glorious theme that he lived from year to year in the answered with blessings upon their it went forward, and so far as Profond expectation of coming. When he

heads. I classify it, therefore, as one testantism is concerned, it has very had reached the end of his ninth year,

of the highest forms of worship. The largely maintained that same universal he went to headquarters expecting to

Lord Himself has said it is equal unto spirit of singing among the congregareceive his honorable release and to be a prayer. There is no way by which tions. But it remained for the Church given the privilege of coming to Zion.

we may so quickly get the spirit of of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to But the mission was short of missionworship in our gatherings as through distinguish itself in its service and woraries, he had been a wonderful misproper singing. We desire to call in ship by more hearty responses on the sionary and could not be spared and

the wanderings of our minds from the part of the people in congregational so he heard the old story; "Brother

things of the world; have the children singing. Penrose, we cannot spare you just now,

forget their play and the games of the * * * * you will have to stay another yearJ'outside as we are attempting to conThe first selection of hymns for our "Hope deferred,"they say, "maketh centrate their minds upon the lessons Church was made by Emma Smith, the heart sick."Temporarily it did

we are to present, and so we may move whom the Lord had appointed by revemake his heart sick, and with a heavy swiftly into the spirit of worship lation, to choose the best that could heart he picked up his grip and started through proper music. be found in the world that would be again on another period of missionary

This is not only true with reference in harmony with the great gospel disservice, postponing his long expected to our worship. If the mood in which pensation that had been ushered in. A dreams. And then when he found himyou find yourself is distasteful to you, very wise and careful selection was made self alone, the pentup feelings of his

if your spirits are oppressed, overand many of these wonderful songs heart were allowed to express themwhelmed with sadness, if you are dehave lived through many generations selves, and he shed tears, he wept over spondent and lack hope, there is no and will live on until the end of time, his disappointment, and then there came way by which you may so quickly because even outside this Church men, into his soul the ability to express his transform your own feelings as through wrought upon by the spirit of God, feelings when he cried out;

singing yourself into the atmosphere wrote gloriously of the truth. For

and spirit you would like to be in. instance, a Methodist bishop wrote that "Oh, ye mountains high,

wonderful hymn, "Hail to the BrightWhere the clear blue sky

We reach one of the highest forms ness of Zion's Glad Morning,"and Arches over the vales of the free;

of worship through singing. That was it is a very striking thing that it was Where the pure breezes blow

known in the past as well as in the written and published in the very year And the clear streamlets flow, present. In ancient Israel, they attained in which our Church was organized. How I long to your bosom to flee."

the highest expression of religious deIt was as purely an inspiration of votion and ecstasy when they unitedly Almighty God as ever came from the It was the cry of the pilgrim, thejoined in the songs that were heard by lips of man—he was God's instrument exile, almost the outcast, longing for

God and angels. The Church of Christ, hailing the dawn of this glorious day. that which he had not been privileged

in His own time, revived the com- I have often asked Methodist ministers to enjoy. When you get that spirit,

munity or the congregational singing how they expected or hoped to fulfil what a feeling of gratitude for your as perhaps it had never obtained before the prophecy of that marvelous hymn. mountain home comes! So, with all

in the history of the world. And when, They cannot understand it. We do. our singing, let us feel what we sing.

after His departure, those scattered, Every line and verse fits this Latterday and every word of it.

driven saints assembled in the dens or work. It is ours. We seek after truth * * * *

tombs of the earth, they found the wherever it may be found. We find it Music is like the stars, which have a

spirit of worship a real joy, even under everywhere, for the Spirit of God works universal language understood by all these circumstances, by the singing of upon men and causes them to utilize people, and so music is universal. It

the membership of the Church. That in many instances their glorious gifts has power to soothe the savage breast.

was almost universal among them. in the announcement of beautiful In sorrow, it becomes a source of relief.

Singing in the congregations of the truths, and so it belongs to us. In sadness, in regret, every mood, I say,

Church of Christ did not go into decay may be expressed more fully by some until the spirit of apostasy came, and We never will feel the thrilling song. President Young understood

when the apostasy became universal, power and force and effect of our singthat and made singing about the campthen came the chanting. ing if we merely listlessly sing. * * * fire as they crossed the plains, an event

When Martin Luther and his assoWhen we sing, "Oh Ye Mountains of each evening, and the tired, worn ciates had waged their long struggle for High,"how splendid it would be if we spirits were buoyed up, encouraged, the establishment of religious liberty, could put ourselves into the attitude of enabled to go forward, by the singing they found the greatest ally and help President Penrose when he wrote that of "Come, Come, Ye Saints."

New Emphasis Placed on andpany,addressSalt Laketo theCity.Deseret Book ComDinner"Bennion, forand Mr,Mr. andand MrsMrs. SamuelP. F. Bal-O.

Monthly Quorum "The Gospel Theme for the year four, First Christian Church.

Meeting eph1934Smith."is "The Divine Mission of JosfollowingIn connectionprogramwithwas given:the dinner"Toastthe

TN a letter sent out by President Rud- "The Bulletin will be subscribed for master: Mr. John A. Russell, president

ger Clawson to Stake Presidents, only by High Priests and Elders, the of the Chamber of Commerce; InvocaWard Bishoprics, and Quorum PresSeventies'course having been already tion by Rev. J. D. Robbins; Singing

idencies new emphasis is placed upon prescribed by the First Council. Howled by James M. Sexton; Music by

the monthly quorum meeting of the ever, all features of the Bulletin, exJohn Reick's High School Orchestra

Melchizedek Priesthood. President cepting only the Gospel Theme, apply and the Chamber of Commerce Glee

Clawson and his coworkers are eager to the Seventies as well as to High Club; Reading by Mrs. J. E. McCutto make the Melchizedek Priesthood Priests and Elders. chan; Tribute to honored guest by Mr.

quorums really function in the lives of "In order that every quorum may be Samuel H. Woodson and Mrs. William

their members. informed without delay of the proSouthern, Jr.; Other Features."

The letter follows: posedfor theprocedureensuing foryear,quorumcopies activityof the gramOn thepage photographsthree of the ofprintedPresidentpro-

"Dear Brethren: Bulletin for the first quarter will be Bennion and Mr, Balfour were printed

"As stated in the Priesthood Manual sent through Stake Clerks to Stake along with the following tributes to (1933), the quorum monthly meeting Presidencies and members of High President and Mrs. Bennion in addition

is indispensable to the success of the Priests and Elders quorum presidencies to a tribute to Mr. Balfour:

applies the Church. This atthroughout call again your Oncequorum. we Bennion: Samuel O.

first quarter. All to the only this who meettotention of the importance "To''Greathearted, looking, forward

issues three desire should other the in pages forthing as set the Handbook, spirited vicepresident citizen; public

representhe appointed send through5155. sevthe Chamber and of Commerce

their addresses tative names, and the to supplementary Manual "As 25c oferal director; a every times worthy

Salt to the Deseret Company, officers Book as helpful both toand quorum received project has your community

City. Lake will published there be membersand to the support; moral, wholehearted

cooperathe hearty "Relying upon issuesin during four 1934 "The civic industrial development and desire all to social, tion in aim of our and first Bulletin."Priesthood numThe of contributed Independence have you

fields in the the function quorums make inforgeneral containsber only not largely; the will best with go you divinely apto they have been which relative procedthe to propermation citizens, in wishes of Independence and pointed, remain we the inure conducting monthly quorum this the will remain community memyours, "Sincerely the as well as weekly groupmeeting true friend."ory of a

the Council of Twelve, "The lesson also complete ameeting, on but a Gospel theme, which will be con- "By Rudger Clawson, "To Mrs. Bennion and Mrs. Balsidered consecutively throughout the "President."four:

life rate that can "All lesson willyear. Gospel Theme The

life, in thee of hath name Worth in in every full that order printedbe President and Mrs. Samuel estimate;

it at for conhave handmember may courage, beauty, Youth, wisdom, careful study.venient and Bennion O. Honored

all virtue, reports to the usual addition "In

Missouri, Independence, can"happiness Champrime and "PHE and That happy to upto- incident everyassignments date quorum meeting emphasis will be ber of Commerce, on November call."

given to three principal topics, viz. 28, 1933, sponsored an "Appreciation "Shakespeare."

"1. Consideration of topics in

Priesthood Manual, "2. Consideration of Gospel

Theme. "3. Current events and world happenings.

"The Bulletin will be issued quarterly, as are the Gospel Doctrine lessons, and will cost for printing and postage 25c for the four numbers, or when purchased separately 10c per leaflet.

"To expedite the distribution of the Bulletin, quorum secretaries should receive subscriptions from individual members, keep the list with addresses and send the money to the Deseret

Book Company, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City. The pamphlets

will be mailed in bulk to the secretary of the group who will be held responsible for the prompt and proper distribution to the individual subscribers.

If another officer of the group be chosen 6'K&*iVi for this service be sure to send his name PERSONAL WELFARE COMMITTEE, FIFTH QUORUM OF ELDERS MT. OGDEN STAKE

it definite asadvance, of should prove discussion of the message minute by an Revelation on Wardall in sistance to the ward. prepared Teachers of has carefully Elder who

Teaching teach, Priests'to preach, duty is"PHE baptize exhort expound, and and Ward Teachers Message, February, 1934 visit to sacrament, the administer and under appointment of the Presiding Prepared by OSCAR W. McCONKIE, exhort the each of and house member, Bishopric

secret vocally and to pray them and in * * * duties. to to all attend family

is over Teacher's to watch duty The Out of the Shadows noanother'slust; nowrong;defeat;nonomastersorrow,butnoOne;rethe Church always and be with them From Shadow to Darkness grets. If that is his course then his light

there see that strengthen them; and and lifts Christ, is Jesus of out men who evils, its monstrous with T nCE, is neither in iniquity the Church, no doctrines, false darkness; of and out places. Perthrives in darkened lying, other, neither each hardness with repentance through abunand whom viopersistent the passions verted spur see evil speaking; backbiting, nor and is witnessed comes. dant This pardon against revolt lator to complete on often, the together that church meet the the Highest; the Son; by by by relations, religious ethical, social, and their all also see that do members and angels, Ghost; men. and Holy by by difincreasingly reformation making duty."Gentile the berepentance Through

ficult. act or thought unholy Every responsithe Instructions regarding if son, a the while covenant comes Jew

flesh, is actually to spirit to alloy an and bility in the of Priesthood Aaronic it is off. rejects cast other In he no

its purity, the reducing changing body, definite. are explicit teaching and ward of the favor the of can Holy way One

it, that light the defiling darkening and are functions Priesthood the of Few is It Israel had. the only be road away degenerthere. does placed Thus If God of important. the ward more work despair. darkness and from

offense, casual result acy mere from spirit teachers the done, the in of were revelation, in all the Church many of which, if continued perpetually will Integrity Rewarded the problems would disappear. dethrone reason; destroy freedom; This is a probationary state to preProgress is being made. The plan distort and derange the intellect, and pare to meet God, but not presumpof dividing teacher's districts among leave the whole being in a disordered tuously. Win his favor for he whom

the various quorums and of bringing state. In which case, man, created the Lord loves is exceedingly rich.

more members of the Aaronic Priestgloriously and for exalted purpose, Continued failure to rely on him causes hood into service is increasing the visits falls. He bears no iron bands but his increasing darkness, with awful realiand improving the quality of the work. imprisonment is complete. On the zation; inability to repent, and inother hand, obedience to divine law evitable destruction. Dependence on

clear a to privileges enjoy one light to and faithfulness him bring conGod of a the glory man's How to use the Monthly science good and resplendent; mysteries cause his to

Message goal. Light and truth are enemies of made apparent; redeem men from sin,be

nHE monthy message for ward teachall evil, and develop selfrespect and and make it possible to forever enjoy ers, prepared by Elder Oscar W. a controlled will that are fatal to dethe light of the Son's presence.

rein appetite's lose to bauchery. But the of Council ofMcConkie High God's Mercy self. is fight to the lose to conquer

is exEnsign published Stake now offers be pardon had That God may is course. in such not found Happiness clusively in Era. Improvement The also alone not extension repentance but selfrespect not do Peace and come by setting for aside entire of page anThe life, all repent, of for mankind "must Perpetual chance. misbehavior removes the possible teaching makesward more believe, or endure, God, worship and further further God, one and from treatmentadequate the of monthly

it, saved."they cannot be Through his the of archenemy, even unto powertopic, sufficient for material supplying faith together obedience, with and is It his."seal God's "doth you who in the presentation ofa proper homes itself, sinthe manifests humility and It surer be by cannot word. made Saints.the ner others, confesses; forgives withand is It earth. the a of argument. law five messages require about The his Christ, reservation accepts out and

reading. average forminutes With

clearlythe thoughts the message of in The Road From Darkness ness,atoningand sacrificepleads forforsakesthe lightunrighteousof truth.

mind, the message and the usual greetThrough repentance God's plan His conviction of guilt, and the desire ings and leavetaking should not require.provides a way of escape for the sinner, to be relieved from it, prompts him to

more than about ten minutes in each but the longer he procrastinates the forsake all sin, and to obey all law.

home. day of his repentance the less is the

It is not necessary to present the probability that he will do so. Neglect Repentance Defined

message exactly as given. It may be nurtures inability. Man ought to act From the pen of Orson Pratt, I

shortened or lengthened to suit each quickly and confidently, accounting quote: "It would be of no use for

Teacher's needs. The important things himself as "born to be of advantage a sinner to confess his sins to God unless

to remember are that a definite subject to mankind,"then to govern all his he were determined to forsake them; it

is presented for the month; that the conduct accordingly. With sufficient would be of no benefit to him to feel

important phases of the subject are conintelligence to comprehend the law, and sorry that he had done wrong unless tained in the message; that by a careful with power and a firm resolve to obey he intended to do wrong no more; it

study of the message sufficient thoughts it, even to the mastery of self, one is would be folly for him to confess before will be developed by the average scheduled for progress. But he must God that he had injured his fellow man

Teacher to provide an effective and elect whom he will serve. If prudent unless he were determined to do all in

helpful presentation of subject desighe will array his forces as Abdiel (a his power to make restitution. Renated for consideration with the Saints friend of God and seraph who opposed pentance, then, is not only a confession

in their homes. Satan). That is the rational course. of sins, with a sorrowful, contrite heart,

If time can be arranged in the regular In it there is no folly; no frenzy; no but a fixed, settled purpose to refrain

teachers'report meeting for a tenalibi; no attempt to profit by his or from every evil way."

.

Book of Remembrance Study madecoveringin thebothregularthese quarterlyactivities reportto be monthlyopric but reportsit does tonotthein Presidingany way Bishaffect

TN the Aaronic Priesthood outlines for forms compiled by stake clerks. The the plans for regular monthly reports

1934 every fourth lesson is devoted space in the quarterly reports, beginning being sent to the stake committees.

to the study of genealogy through the from January 1, will include all inforUnder the new rule this procedure is

Book of Remembrance activity. This mation desired covering both quorum to be followed:

is one of the outstanding features of activities and correlation work. 1 The Ward Chairman of Aaronic

the class period in quorums and of This change will eliminate the nePriesthood is to make a monthly report outside activity. cessity of stake Aaronic Priesthood (postcard form) to the stake chairman

Every member of the Aaronic Priestcommittees or stake Aaronic Priesthood of the Aaronic Priesthood. This rehood should have a knowledge of the Correlation Committees making port should be compiled from the quofundamentals of genealogy. Every rum roll books and should agree in

member should also begin a record of every respect with the report compiled his life as early as possible. These are by the ward clerk.

part of the Book of Remembrance 2. The ward clerk, as secretary of

activity. the ward Aaronic Priesthood correlaQuorum supervisors should immetion committee, is to make a monthly

diately take up a study of the Book of report on the regular form provided

Remembrance, where it is already not by the Presiding Bishopric, to the stake being followed, and make it a feature clerk, as secretary of the stake Aaronic of quorum activity. In many stakes Priesthood correlation committee. This

and wards it has been responsible for report should be made immediately increased attendance and activity. Memfollowing the regular monthly meeting

bers of the genealogical committee are of the ward Aaronic Priesthood corglad to render assistance in introducing relation committee.

the book or instructing supervisors. 3. The information contained in

Books may be secured through the both reports mentioned above is to be

Genealogical Society of Utah, 80 North included in the regular quarterly reports

Main Street, Salt Lake City. Deacons'sent to the presiding Bishopric, beginbooks are 35 cents and Teachers'and ning with the report covering the first

Priests'55 cents. The latter two are quarter of 1934.

complete with all awards. The Dea- 4. The stake Aaronic Priesthood

cons'books call for special awards. committee is to compile from the ward

reports a summary for the Stake Presidency. They are not to send this

Lesson Outlines for 1934 report to the Presiding Bishopric.

5. The stake clerk will make avail-

T ESSON outlines for the Aaronic able to the stake correlation committee

Priesthood should be used by all the information contained in the ward quorums as the basis of their Priesthood correlation reports as the basis for the study. The new outlines should be in work of the stake committee.

the hands of all quorum members. Forms for the ward reports to the

Bishops should obtain them from Stake stake and for the stake summaries for

Clerks who are responsible for distrithe Stake Presidency and for the stake bution in the stakes. correlation committee are provided by

The outlines for 1934 contain comthe Presiding Bishopric without cost.

plete instructions for quorum superStake clerks should secure them and visors, who are also the class teachers. supply the wards. The only reports

Each book is a part of a progressive to come to the Presiding Bishopric will course covering the eight years of be included in the regular quarterly membership in the Aaronic Priestreport forms.

hood. If, for any reason, other lessons It is hoped that this action in simare studied during the period designated plifying the report system will result

as the quorum meeting, the regular in securing complete and accurate inPriesthood lessons should be assigned formation concerning these important for home study and reports called for as activities.

a Priesthood activity the same as for any other activity. The price of the

books is ten cents each. Quorum suQuorum Attendance to be

arepervisors to urged make every Joseph Smith Stressed effort the to get outlines into the hands of members. Priesthood all quorum activity the of the renewed preached the TN and practised

training is not complete without in the past Priesthood Aaronic few than six feet it. HE'WordmanofwhoWisdom. More

tall, broadshouldered, cleanlimbed, he was years the one phase of the work which

Change In Stake Reports a physical giant. He excelled in wrestling, has shown least progress is that of

running, jumping, pulling stakes, pitching quorum attendance. It is realized that

TN order to simplify reports of Aaronic quoits and other outdoor sports. His life during the past two years, particularly,

should be from Priesthood have been away quorums young and Aaronic men a model for every member of the many Priesthood. Aaronic

living Others seeking proCorrelationPriesthood work. committees home

vision is being made for stake reports some distance from the church have 106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY. 1934

been unable to provide transportation bring activity should be planned. Then 8. Should in a general way underand still others have been deprived of an effort should be made to have every stand the meaning and importance of

the privilege because of other financial young man in the ward engage in one Priesthood.

considerations. the fact remains, or as "breaking of a means more The dea- 9. a of the duties Must know

still available ice"are there getting that intohowever, back and Church &J C. in Section as outlined 20 of D. accon

practically thein in tivity in a every regular Church ward way.

enough members to increase attendance The campaign is to come to a climax 10. Must be able to explain what

far that of past years. beyond 15, the anniversary on 105th May of howconstitutesit shoulda quorumfunction.of deacons and Counsellors Bishops and and ward Priestthe restoration of the Aaronic

Aaronic Priesthood supervisors are hood. Every ward should aim to have

urged to make attendance at quorum the name of every young man from Requirements for those to be ormeetings the big objective for the com12 to 20 on the honor list for some dained Teachers:

year. for lack of attending Reasons activity for the or through by Church 1. Must have an active record as a carefully should analyzedance be and are already that date. wards Many deacon.efforts causes. the to remove made nearing the mark. 100%

Are quorum meetings being made at- 2. Regular attendance in all meettractive to members? Are lessons being ings, particularly in Sunday School,

presented in an interesting manner? Word of Wisdom Sacrament meeting and M. I. A.

participate to encouragedAre members Anniversary 3. Must understand and be living Isin lesson discussions? outside material frequently brought in to enliven 'PHE 101st anniversary of the giving the Word of Wisdom.

the class period? Is quorum conof the revelation known as the 4. Must understand the law of tithsciousness developed through fraternal Word of Wisdom to Joseph Smith ocing and show faith in this principle.

and social activity? These questions curs Tuesday, February 27. It is 5. Must know the duties of a

should be thoroughly investigated and contained in Section 89 of the Docteacher as outlined in Section 20 of toevery possible step taken is make the trine recognized Covenants and and the D. C attractive, the meeting mostquorum the lands of most efas one in many

interesting and helpful meeting of the fective codes of health in existence. It 6. Must be able to explain how

week to every member of the quorums. was given at Kirtland, Ohio, and has many constitute a quorum of deacons

The importance of Priesthood quobeen reprinted in many languages. Its and teachers and how these should funcrum attendance and activity cannot be total publication has reached into many tion.

overemphasized. It should be given hundreds of thousands and probably 7. Must be able to recite the story

first consideration in all plans for the into the millions. Given at a time of the Restoration of the Aaronic

welfare and training of young men when little was known or acknowledgPriesthood.

scientific regarding inof the Church. the world ed the four to be able name 8. Must

is it it discusses the conthings today the General constituting Auin councils sidered authorities both by many thorities the Church. of Activity Campaign the as code of out a model Church and

Important of health. This important anniversary 9. Must be able to give the names

should be noted in all Aaronic Priestof the Presiding Bishopric.

TN a Churchwide effort to bring every hood quorums on one of the Sundays 1 0. Must be able to give the names

young man in the Church between near the anniversary date. of the First Presidency of the Church.

12 and 20 years of age into some activity for or through the Church, the Standard Requirements for Requirements for those to be oractivity Priesthood campaign,Aaronic to run from January 1 to May 15, Ordination to or Advancedained Priests:

should be vigorously promoted every stake ward. and The objective in ment in the Aaronic Teacher1. Mustandhavefunctionedan active asrecorda wardas a

is important. Activity is the basis of "Priesthood teacher.

allinterest. in interested are most We

all in meetattendance 2. Regular for.the things work Those who we Stake, by Pioneer A prescribed in School, particularly ings, Sunday love arc the those Church most who City Salt Lake I. meeting and A. Sacrament M. it. the for friends bestdo most Our

arc those we do the most for. The pEQUIREMENTS for boys to be 3. Must understand and live the

interest of young men in the Church ordained Deacons: Word of Wisdom,

fairly accuratelycan measured be by 4. the understand law of tithMust in all behavior 1. General good the in activity engage. they which

principle. faith in this ing show and meetings, meeting house. in and around for nothingThose do the Church who

have little interest in it. To increase 2. Regular attendance in all meet- 5. Must know the duties of a priest

interest it is necessary to increase acings, particularly in Sunday School as outlined in Section 20 of the D. C.

tivity. meetings. Sacrament and

explain 6. able to be Must how

is of the campaign The foundation 3. understand a Must priests constitute and quorum and be living many

series a projects of to secure designed the of it Wisdom. function. Word should how

activity every from from young man 12 to 20. The most desirable activity, 4. Must understand the law of tith- 7. Must be able to recite the story

of course, is that connected directly with ing and show faith in this principle. of the Restoration of the Melchizedek

Priesthood quorum work. In many 5. Must be able to recite the Ten Priesthood.

it cases, will necessary however, be to Commandments.

8. Must be able to recite the Bapline. first step take the other along some

6. Must be able to recite the Articles tism formula. socials, fraterParticipation in athletics,

nal activities, dramatics, outings, cleanof Faith. 9. Must be able to recite the two

up projects, repairs, renovation or re- 7. Should understand reasonably Sacrament prayers.

modelling of buildings, sidewalks, well the first principles of the Gospel:

fences, bridges, etc., beautifying Faith, Repentance, Baptism and the 1 0. Must be able to explain the purgrounds or other projects that will Laying on of Hands. pose of the Sacrament.

,ift:;::liiliH'*JA*ih\ n

Send alt Correspondence to Committees Direct to General 'OfFices

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. 1. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M. I. A.

FOX, SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. L. MAYM. SMITH, GEORGE ALBERT CANNON, GRANT R. LYMAN, RICHARD L. Offices Y. General M. I. A. LUCYCLARISSA BALLARD, MELVIN'BUILDING ELSIE A,HOGANBEESLEY. A.J. OSCAR KIRKHAM

Secretary Executive LAKE CITY, UTAH SALT33 BISHOP'S Secretary Executive

iiiimiriinnininininniniiiinnnniiiiiiiiiiiiinHuiniiMiniMininiiniiinniiiiiiniiinimniiiiiiiiniiinimiiiniiMiiiiiiiinuinniniiiiiuiiilitiitiiuiiiinnmniilliuuiiliiiiliil iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

Executive Skill otherthe secretary,members musicof the directors,executive personsgroup, 8.Notes:Benediction.Use the Tenth Article of

the a as are talk program. the appear Faith to for on foundation who interest great manithe of"DECAUSE

* * * directors the the believe built will music be Obtain Zion from "We there subjects fested cultural in our *."* * this rendered. selections to continent be upon in the progresshas been made marked

sit officers all the arc executive included of in Americas two Have The years. I. last few the during A.M.

the in the stand. as of the of spoken Zion on Land leaders Dancing, in Music, Drama,Our

officers Articles Faith. description of of should lady these remove Young A training received from Speech haveand

is suffiif their the vast continents extending hats the from and two room increased consources thusvarious and is It a also. arctic their coats antarctic, ciently to the ribbed warm, with ability. so theirsiderably much Not

attention has been given to the developbreach of Church etiquette to pray or mountains from one end to the other, things, precious rich in the part other render given. program be might any on skill procedure. in executive ofment

either in description general in or the the assembly physical This of officers largely executive exhaveOur covered. the the Americas followed head be department with any might by efforts their the in promotingpended

officers social religious impression the give histories of and the It departments. the be Sometimes of maywork

reearly that stay land times they only to a few showing have from come how into to occasionally lookwell for them ligion has played in part an important for, possess the moments. to technique;their own

story. Its wonderful the Avoid all unnecessary whispering or The Jaredites, others, to organizeability to direct and

carry forward a project to a successful talking. Nephites, their descendants, and the

in discoverers Instrumental played times music be rewere modern may interestingly to presidecompletion and if ligious as relidesired. their people a prelude has a even This though efficiently assembled over body, anand

differed. reverence. for quiet gions tendency Reference to make might be for.is striving art well an worth

the to the meeting the of promptly. made In- "White Commence God"suggestions be following may The

dians in opening the should or of spoken song December The hymn numofficers: to executive value ourof

spirit. Pierce. be sung Pilgrims, with ber by Norman TheIn directing other people—The prayer should be brief, simple the Puritans, the Catholics, the QuakBe kind. There is still no better and sincere. ers were also religious. The land had

guide for getting along with people If a number is rendered as a part of been prepared for the restoration of the than the Golden Rule. the preliminary program it should be Gospel and the rcstablishment of Zion.

Be enthusiastic. No one wishes to brief.

follow a leader who is not himself At the closing of the opening exerSunday Evening Joint toconverted the hand. work in the various cises, members should go to

to each person Expect do his best; departments promptly. should Meetings There

express your confidence in him and be no loitering in the halls. ROM the instructions and counselgive hearty commendation for every The watchfulness and supervision of F President Brigham Young gave

effort. People will work and work the executives should be continued durwhen he organized both the Young

hard for a leader who can inspire them. ing the department periods so that the Ladies'and the Young Men's Mutual

Be persistent but patient and charmachinery of the organization may Improvement Associations, it is very itable. run smoothly. evident that his chief concern was for

Be able to see the funny side of the spiritual development of the memevery situation. Joint Sunday Evening bers. He said, "Let the keynote of

the be your establishment the in work Program directing piece of aIn work—

Individual of testimony the youth of clearly in objective mind. your Have For March truth lattergreat of the and magnitude detail of organization. every Study

1. Stands Singing—"Zion With the gifts the day of work; development is if yourself your doneHalf you work Hills Chorus, that within been them have bestowed Surrounded"—Choir, a clear picture every of mentalhave Congregation. and the of laying them by hands upon ondetail give that picture to can and

2. Invocation. the of servants cultivating of a God; assistants.every one of your

3. Singing—"Carry application I. knowledge the an and of On"—M. definite responsibility. Delegate

choir. A. mixed chorus and eternal principles great science the of clear until directions follow With up 4. Blessinglife."of Reading—Joseph's isthe job completed. Genesis 49:2226 and Deuteronomy this has the been concern of AndIn conducting a meeting—33:1317. all of the leaders of the Church and of

Think through beforehand the pro- 5. Instrumental Music. the M. I. A. since President Young's

ceedings from.itart to finish; get a 6. Speech (length to be determined time. It was to provide Increased opmental picture of the meeting in proby the conditions and practices in the portunity for religious expression thatgress. Be prepared to handle details various wards)—"The Land of Zion"the first Sunday evening of each monthand emergencies which may arise.—by an Adult. was given to us and the meeting held Consult with all others who are to 7. Singing—"Zion Prospers, All Is on this night has now become one ofassist in the conduct of the meeting Well"—Choir and chorus. {Continued on page 121)

Utah Press Association date and govern themselves accordingly.

6. Think of the reader, when writMakes Suggestions to Church Leaders ing, not of the cause you represent or

of some Percentage person whom you think should of Quota M. I. A. Reporters receive publicity. 1 Snowflake 133

VTEWSPAPERS. members of the 2 Union 121.3 We stand for community activity

Utah Press Association, arc always 3 Moapa 11 9. and growth and will be willing to have

eager to get and to print news of interest 4 Curlew 118 our columns used in worthy causes.to our readers. Those who furnish 5 Maricopa 116.5—Utah Press Ass'n.

news items for us, however, will find 6 Star Valley 105.4

their material printed more often in 7 St. Joseph 105.2 Here Is Joy Expressed

our columns if they will observe the 8 Kanab 103.5

following simple rules. 9 Fremont 102.9 Holbrook, Arizona,

1. Write on one side of the paper 10 Big Horn 100.9 October 21, 1933.

typewriter, aonly, preferably with is if that spaced, butdouble not posTotal Subscriptions AttentionThe ImprovementMelvin J.Era.Ballard

sible then with a black pencil or with 1 Fremont 525 ink, in a clear hand without flourishes, 2 Liberty 505 Gentlemen:

large enough to be easily read. 3 St. Joseph 495 pNCLOSED herewith are eleven

2. Be particular about the spelling 4 Maricopa 458 subscription receipts for The Imof all proper nouns, especially, for the 5 Hollywood 455 provement Era, and check for same.

printer, in many cases, will have no 6 Ogden 3 9 8 These, with the receipts we sent in a means of verifying the spelling. 7 Salt Lake 397 week ago, and the ones sent in indi-

3. Always furnish first names or 8 Ensign 3 8 8 vidually from this Ward make a total

initials of persons figuring in the news. 9 Mt. Ogden 3 76 of 32 subscriptions. We feel that we

4. Include the news, but omit com10 North Weber 363 have been greatly blessed in our efforts

ment unless the comment is quoted. to place the Era in every home as our

Our readers arc inquota for this terested in knowWard is 12.

ing what happenThere remain ed to whom, how, about seven perwhen and where. sons to contact

We like short here and wc are items as a rule hoping to bring unless the news is our final total to of unusual imat least 36.

portance. We have great-

5. We like our ly enjoyed this

news as early as ivork and with the possible, that is, help of the Lord as long as possible we feel that we before our publihave had fairly cation day. Corgood success.

respondents Sincerely yours, should WALTER chamberlain ascertain Harriet publication STAKE kanab FREMONTE. STAKEMASON FREMONTVERA THOMASSTAKE "J'tORichards.Y"our

DANIEL S. FROST ORLAN COX H. L. ALLEN LeFOY RICHMAN

KANAB STAKE BIG HORN STAKE ST. JOSEPH STAKE FREMONT STAKE

p.-;fi*\fij,5v*;ii3yt.iCj 4::. tilSr

e* t.

Which Class Would given3. Asa memberthese expressionssuggestedbeganthat toeachbe magazinesIf one couldas theyreadappearall thefromreallytimegoodto

You Attend? speaker be introduced to the group, time, he would keep abreast of conas they ideas interests his other thought temporary occupational and and were observations following"PHE are of one course relevant matters developing. no But This known. made

disat of the one a visitor by made that best that. in way, informal accomplished can an was do all human The the prominent of periods in onecussion

is from to out of pick introduced can each us being do most someone by who the of Church:wards articles class inrole of the the such high magazines assumed spontaneously

1. The introductory remarks were formant. There were present mothers of current interest as appeal to us and

subjectmatter wasapologetic. The ha that heart, piochildren's even through. at read welfare a them with But

in interest but lacking to beadmitted read its to in (it because have that drawbacks happens neergrandmother we vital nevertheless, be, ofdeclared to before article class) this well pretty there through adult an ward is no who class were the membersimportance;

it is or while of whether the opportunity denied worth been had know we it to their advantage thatassured was in a not. childhood, schooling her formal

considerserious the giveto problems city in teacher school of the speech like of us undoubtedly would Manyation.

finds a university system, student who articles have to beforehand what know first the 2. half of the hour During reas ideas alluring so to pursue them those as so to merit time on spend not the time, class leaderthe monopolized gardless "credit"gained, to of be any is are that while. This not worth other for anyallowing opportunity no stu- a college professor, physician, a a the particularly true busy of perhaps participate. toperson

critic order, of dent economic our and their Senior Class with Leaders who dithis recital 3. attention In was of other of walks and and men women are themselves with fellows concerning figures, facts, a array to of greatrected

life. otherand current problems, economicdetails.

-4. The second half of the period 4. As the hour progressed the memwise. The class members are expected

developed into a questionand-answer bers of the group, stimulated by the to get much of the material for class exercise. This activity was characterproblem, became increasingly anxious discussion from the current highclass

ized, as was the first, by a decided to participate. And through it all magazines. A recent exploration of

teacherpupil relationship. The class there was manifest a high regard for such magazines in the Salt Lake Public

leader proposed the questions, solicited the opinions of others, the members Library brings to light the following volunteer answers, lavishly praised the became genuinely interested in each articles which should prove of deep respondent for the completeness, niceother. and timely interest to the Senior

ness, correctness of his or her answer. 5. At the close of the hour some Classes:

5. The reason for the shift from member suggested that each assume the "The Insurance of Bank Deposits,"

lecture to recitation procedure was apposition of solicitor in an effort to enby Evans Woollen; Atlantic Monthly

parently, though not certainly, a realicourage others to share the enjoyable for November, 1933. This article is

zation on the part of the class leader times of the group. In response to brief but interesting and informative,

that he was losing his audience. The this, another remarked that it was not "The Story Congress Will Tell,"

group had grown increasingly restless. good for the group to become too large, by Geo. E. Sokolsky; The New Oat-

6. Preachiness characterized the enlest it become unwieldy. look for December, 1933. This same

contains also Al Smith's articletire procedure—this was all good for 6. Informality characterized this number

our souls. And the final appeal was group. The initiative was in the of Sound Money which has been so

that those chancing to read anything of membership, suggestions for procedure widely commented on lately in the interest and relevant during the week and questions of interest being posed daily press.

should bring a report of it to the class. by the members. Just a small group, In Harpers for December, 1933, is

7. On leaving the room the visitor twelve in all; but in it true spirituality an article, "Michigan Magic,"by John

heard remarks typified by the followwas developed. T. Flynn; this is tremendously intering: "I never could stay awake in esting because it throws light on the

church."Detroit Banking situation that brought

In a neighboring ward the followMagazine Articles about the crisis in banking circles and ing was observed: of Value led to the proclamation of the Bank

1. The period was introduced by Holiday by President Roosevelt the day

the class leader. Big general principles By Lewis Telle Cannon after he was inaugurated. This arhinted. outstanding were problemsand

2. were remarks These opening inyHERE is no end to books. Some ticlepractises.is a revelationIn the ofsamesomenumberawful bankis anterrupted by a member of the class who a very few—are exceptional and article, "The Struggle for Intellectual

suggested that during the course of the will live on; many others are average Integrity,"by P. W. Bridgman. that is

evening everyone take a turn and give and will have a brief vogue; while well worth reading by all who observe

a frank statement of just what was still others ought never to have been the trend of events.

nearest his or her heart in this matter allowed to see the light of day.

(objectives of school education). It The same is true of magazines

'zs stipulated by the person making weekly, monthly and otherwise. Their

the suggestion, and seconded by others, name is legion. One cannot read them OENIORS, what hobbies are you

that the expressions were to be honest all. One ought not to read them all if 'pursuing? We should like to hear

expressions of what was really believed he could because they are of so varying about them. Read "Dare to Take

and not studied expressions of what a quality from very good to positive Time"in this issue—also the Geo. D.

one should believe. bad. Pyper article.

J-'":f hM:f f

Harmonizing of alitywhichalsomakebuildfor intoharmonizingone or morepersonof magneticus. It is powera sumthattotaldrawsof humanpeople beto

Personalities them. havior. As a beautiful mosaic consists

JUST how necessary is this matter of ofof amanyharmonizingparts, soandtoo,a correctis a winningsetting

J harmonizing our personalities? Life Suggestive Thoughts personality a harmonizing and a corif difficult extremelywould! w \k lives into of our moulding many is is rect personality?"This YKTHAT other concerned each andwere not with traits, characteristics haband winning the five subject assigned the for effect otherour upon its.

talk to given minute by Man I an M you do concerns"What personalities.me—what

in the joint MenGleaner March five treated to in subject a be PHE otherwise you, concern beM mustdo we would be dead to each other."meeting. It is a subject, however, so minute address to be delivered by

extensive treated can and be from in the conjoint an February Man in the personalities of blending M The different that viewpoints it has many is entitled meeting MenGleaner "A tact, love, calls underfor and so Mhome suggested the been his that speaker give a Girl."of Picture Charming Word love unselfishnessstanding, and much

analysis in "personality"the of own is girl exin a the outward Charm another.for one Without harmony

talk to given. be of splendid pression combination a ofin chaos place the a of and what home

unpleasantness it becomes, and with it The following are but a few sugqualities. It is kindness, cheerfulness,

"the best place on earth."gestions that may aid in stimulating faith, heroism, courage. Orison Swett

"Tact is the oil which makes the thought on this subject: Marden says: "Everything about a

sort girl to the the of proclaims world is first personality? the In "What life of smoothly."machinery run

is; says she everything person and she place personality divided, genbe may others, their think to "Learning of wears, docs, every she everything erally, different into types: good two desires, their needs, theircomforts, and her her and made; manners movement personality personality. and bad We builds strong amental and are habits unlike open not an book treat shall this at the merely former that pleasing apand see all her."read be by which physical,personality—one may who time.

repels."ratherpeals than is is girl even charming one who A it personality possible good made A this perof matter through Think is to able maintain tempered; one who for Lincoln, although unAbraham sec definitions insonality of terms and cirall disposition pleasing a under gainly in build feature, of and homely fit idea perof into they your whathow greets she cumstances; with always you to the leader be factor dominating and is.sonality those to gives a expression smile and

it is wherever went. that he What other to thoughts tend make which someexpression of outward "The possesses, Dressier Marie perexcept

little a It happier. people Emerwas within."thing sonality, that has best the her made

said that pleasant counson who "A indefinable which something "That loved of stars? picture motion The

is sucthe culture of tenance end anddifferentiates individual anfrom one plays in which Will Rogers and expressions, cess Facial enough."other."are Arliss George featured insure always

says therefore, that things the one and houses, varied their crowded because composite of not of human "The in this a part play important very looks, clothes, their characteristics of good the some settingqualities or and girl call thing charm. charming we A the of repel."play, rather others these attract but because whilewhich

is gaudily appearance; in neat not her

artists do, have, includes personalities, their you through "Personality what sec attired dressed, can that so one but their the into hearts the think, you and what of way you wonwhat taste wearer. in refinement the and A is real is people. the Personality the "Individuality that power

is girl innot does charming one I—persay."who enables us to It the friends. seeming winsonality hold and L"

rather, but, gossip; in dulge one who is a the definitions these combination with of Discuss winning and ways

best the habit seeking the of formed the elements that habits in a has winning constitute"ihought which mind the in to others giving expression and same. She is not forward in her demeanor, nor is she backward in her

expressions. She cultivates a pleasing

tone of voice and a clarity of expression of thought. She does not go to

extremes in the use of cosmetics; if

used at all, she uses them with taste and refinement. Charm in a girl is

often exhibited in the way she walks;

her head erect, her figure upright, and stable as God intended it should be.

The eyes can play a very important part in the development of charm in a woman. It was Shakespeare who expressed this thought: "From woman's

eyes this doctrine I derive; they

sparkle, still the same Promethean fire;

they are the books, the arts, the academies, that show, contain, and nourish

M MENGLEANER GIRLS BANQUET, ZJON PARK STAKE all the world."

fM:M:.<f. iife-t- *- "

coyote. passed yet I like to Months and by she waited And howFix That Picture moving

gracefully sailing In the watch the pine; of hawks the shadow

THERE is one way in photography across the blue, blue sky. Still she dreamed of his returning.

to make a picture lasting, that is In a few minutes there is a dainty Scanned the distant dark skyline.

it aspens groveto fixing through solution. of quaking dip which in the proper she faded. slowly by day Day

trail the white fixing Girls upward. the winds Gleaner properFor The pines the she whispered low. To green pale gleam, pictures trunks and powdered preservesolution to the mental pines the began to answer And

silver in leaves dance is to and shimmer and of today memoriesand happy a language In knows. no one

trees sunlight. the the of In the shade of their "Treasures inrecord them

Truth"books. How many times in rests a herd of whitefaced cattle. Still her spirit dwells among them;

our search into the past we have found Neither,the hoarse nor I ctan resist When the wind begins to blow.

dim photographs of people and places chasing them from their peaceful renIn remembrance of the maiden and hazy memories of events whose dezvous, over the hill and into the next Pine trees murmur sad and low.

clear details would mean so much to grove.

us. In the division of "Days of ReWe then hurry back to the trail, Treasures of Truth

"Treasure"of books ourmembrance"Trail to the reach anxious Logging the Reeves, Virginia of Book pROM events to such are preserve going distancewe in the seen be can which now this: Stake, Grant have we will be that so they memoriesand ridfavorite Trail Logging The is my Sister relates Martha one Tingey H.

retaindistinct lasting every and and It ing place. meanders through huge of she experience her mother's which original theirdetail element of and toclose pines, dark so which grow says clearly in stood her always out

beauty. andcharm is quite shut that the gether sunlight mother's as being of one memory

We give you a picture of "Happy out. Everything is still, soft, and most agonizing moments throughthe

Days"as recorded by one of our moist, the only sounds being the whiswhich she ever passed. While traveling

Gleaner Girls. tling of the chic-a-dee, the soft comto Far West in company with a numforting sound of the mountain stream ber of other wagons, one of the wheels

the vehicle her she and in whichHappy Days rollingered rocks,overandblackthe earthmuffledandstepsmossofcovmy offamily were riding became broken.

7"HEN I'm alone my memory runs horse on the damp earth. Over all is They were traveling at the time

* back to the happiest moments I that invigorating, healthy odor of pine. through country in which the people

have known, and I relive them again. Suddenly the trail comes to an end were very hostile toward the Mormons,

They take me back to the days I have and we are on the very top of a ridge, mobs being numerous and dangerous, spent on the ranch where the atmoslooking into an interesting basin of and, of course, the trains were always phere is thin, fresh, and scented with rolling range and dryfarms. We can in great fear of being attacked. Howthe invigorating smell of sagebrush, the see for about forty miles. In the disever, it was necessary to stop the wagon

sweet, clean odor of willows, and the tance is more timber land, and the in which she was riding in order to everinspiring perfume of pines. horizon is a jagged line of peaks covrepair the broken part, and, as she sat

The mountains are a thing of beauty ered with snow. This great silent in the front seat holding her small baby

which I love to watch day by day. I world is mine. Now the only sound while her husband mended the wheel,

appreciate their every change and mood. is the strong wind blowing through a mob rode up and began to question

To me they mean peace, happiness and my hair and whipping my neckerchief. her husband. She says that no one

protection. This is my happiness. Laverne Rigby. will ever know what she went through

The most pleasant day I can imagine while sitting there holding her child horse to be andwould take my a lunch Why the Tines Whisper andto them.praying Andthat noit harmseemedwouldas ifcomeher the alone mountains. infor a day

to think, to really has time oneThere By Helen Yorgason prayersseemed towerefindanswered,her husband'sfor theanswersmob self. All one's the rush andknow

worry of the world are miles away, I TLIIGH upon the eastern mountains satisfactory and finally rode away.

never think of newspapers, radio, work 'Where the stately pine trees grew She also related an amusing incident in the stuffy office, or worry about Lived a pretty Indian maiden which happened to her mother while luxuries or money when I am out in Fresh and sweet as morning dew. traveling West from Nauvoo. Sister

the wilds. There are so many other Home was considered a very beautiful

things to occupy one's mind. Every Cherokee, her childhood sweetheart. woman, and while crossing the plains

half mile the scene changes: first, there Now a warrior brave and bold. the company in which she was traveling

is a peaceful, sweet smelling meadow Summoned one bright Autumn mornwas stopped by Indians. The Chief

with a winding creek overhung with ing, happened to see Sister Home, took a swaying willows. In a clump of these And these words his father told: fancy to her, and immediately sought

to her. a trade for course, horse her Of flock blackis a redwingedwillows of desert, across the son "Go my listen to such not even would husband isbirds, lovely music and more what of Knakee; the wigwam To still offer, the old Indian an but would their the song?than road Soon is warriors, for waiting and He my give raised hope. Gradually not he up a cross creek slanting tableland covis expecting there thee,"He

offer his to horses, seven he and when sage. rabbitbrush ered with and low

Every few rods a rabbit is startled by Cherokee said to his sweetheart, found that still her husband would my horse's steps, and goes hopping "Duty calls me far away, not consider the trade he simply could over the horizon. There are many Wait for me beneath the pine trees, not understand it. He thought seven

whistling squirrels, and occasionally Watth and waitj and yearn and good horses was ample payment for a one catches a glimpse of a craftily pray."mere woman!

Course of Study latingThey arethe atgirlsan toageanalyticalwhen theirthinking.philputtingstory, "Thethe ideaKingover.withThethefollowingTerrible

Building a Life osophy of life is not set, and their future Temper,"is one which provides much years are largely to be determined by fun. Before the narrator begins to tell

Chastity the attitude of mind they now develop. the story, the class is divided into

to five assigned each groups, group is and prophet joy? The who What to lessons difficult the most of/NE story. bit in the dramatize is one have that joy"said he might "Manis Chastity this one present, on

it that clear be joy cannot quite made the of important thealso most of one pleasure, gayfun, Terrible Temper King unworthy; anything a With The feel that leaders course.entire Many be, destructive; ety joy cannot be might attends indelicacy Charactersa of certain amount

uplift, growth, real joy presupposes for the this not be need discussion, butthe - Terrible the with Temper King The inspiration.

not. certainly shouldcase, most and Grrrrrrr list girls in which the ways Have there that clearly it understood be fat KaPlunkLet daughter The joy. out from have they found Draw lesson, Whistle in the andis hygiene daughter thin sex The no differentiation joy a between and them beautiful daughter Ahhb discussion biological for The necessityno conexperiences be might other which hah! prince handsome Ah The girl to through each should comewhich

joy. fused with clapping Steed the All part Fiery take by of necessity spiritual mother.her The

likereally to said, scrub; girl "I horse. a in running of One hands manner

is up, taken and the phase chastityfor floor'is in seeing a a sort there joy of will lesson theif properly, presented is characters the mentioned of each As clean Point hand."under become my profitable.be most part takes that in story the group the is in to fact be that joy found the out questions the of some Judging by rise and character particular must that of is it of a thing for ways, the simplest Junior question boxes is into by assigned.put do what spirit. the there toyears of ago are problems Many, Story: thereGirls, many many

day, regarding chastity, which need lived a King with a Terrible Temper, clarifying, and sometimes they can be Story Night (first group rises and says: Grrr) he had

extremely three oldest was easily more a teacher daughters—thehandled by for next Activity Junior month and THE rises says: Kagroup fat (second and

less than by parembarrassmentwith 'is every Telling,"In "Story was aged daughter middle, a Plunk) who it is decision a thatents. Certain rises tell (fourth group beautiful ability story a extremely to of life, the walk

reached by a group of girls themselves, well is an asset; from childhood to Whistles), and a young daughter who was

and a standard set, will be more impresmaturity people love to hear a story extremely thin (third group rises and

. laid these effectivesive than down says: and and Ahhhh) to told. are added point and Color

province neighboring a lived in alone. There a young Recently adultsby the of introduction conversation by prince hah!) extremely handsome (Ah a an don't say:girl to heard was "We are talks storyillustration; public

. fiery a steed Hands) (Clap One with we've in crowd; ourneck more any are stories; social gatherings adorned by visit the castle to of a the he paid day is it cheap, and anddecided common stories of sparkling more when made the a Terrible with with King Temper

let girls the maul boys lowtypeonly told. sort right are for the the one of of asking purpose hand

them."If a natural girlleader (enStories range from the simple anecof the King's daughters. The King

couraged, perhaps, by her teacher) dote to the lengthy narrative, retold brought out first the eldest and extremely girls into the rest of the eat will draw much,'would fat she too daughter. "But storyteller. the In of in the words

attiprince, out said toa the the so adopt brought determination King a new poise storytelling, and type of every does thin daughter, the extremely "She leads to againsttude freedom which Is choice ease of Important, are words prince, the please either,"guoth not me be mistakes, mightgrave good much is necessary. vital, clear These thinking extremely told have an "But you I amaccomplished. all through qualities acquired be may the daughter."beautiful King This made sensational movies magazines, Cheap is a as practise possible shall on such made said, extremely angry he and "You

free combined have thinkingand a bride."for nursery So rob not Story Night. to Junior my

in thecreate minds ethical confusion cried, to his court turned and he carried be might on saying program The is girls to doof what who want this Prince."imposter of a out "Throw of right in various one of a any number

unto be by the bound there not appeared balcony Justbut then want do on girl short a assign every ways. To

the beautiful rapture King's daughter; past. most Bring traditions the ofnecessary tell assign to to story is one method; prince. the heart the of handsome is part that the thought the bodyout Is to filled girls another; a longer ones few his seized in the beautiful lady arms He is creation divine which theof whole tell tales fairly lengthy or one have two the the ran door. to her and with When and that being;a and women human fair less Is easiest the perhaps way, but see court the reached they could door ideals set togirls the ones be must the girls class all In the than to the a only of nothing dust but hear cloud and

regarding its treatment. "Boys are first two. The purpose of "Storythe dying footbeats of the fiery steed.

what girls demand that they be,"one telling"In the Junior department is to Thus we end the story of the King girl with remarked, schoolhigh a a fat Terrible with daughter, Temper, it the girl wishes every much provide who daughter, extremely thin beautiful Junior spent truth. an evening with The the a in adept to opportunity become

daughter, prince and the with handsome Chastity should a discussion inGirls on art. best the you out program Work a fiery steed. leader the their ideas and outbring particular group, and your can for

must help them to evaluate the true make the March storyevening an outAnother idea for the storytelling and the false. standing event. evening Is the story festival one, in

Cultivating Joy theOfattentionparticularof theinterest,class membersespeciallyseemsif whichworn instorieskeepingare withtold theandtales—costumesIn-

'T'HIS lesson is one which has in it to lag a little, is the actionstory. In dian, Japanese, Pioneer, Colonial,

tremendous possibilities for stimuwhich all girls do something toward Pirate, Gypsy, etc.

Individual Scoring System new highway from Rock Springs to wet grass or dropped to the hard earth,

Yellowstone Park and will be seen by it had retained its beauty and still

For Vanball thousands of motorists each year. served as a model for other aspiring

class, the youngsters of although he finals the ChurchwideTN another stronger pull of faster and in Vanball The Last End had to be held at the Deseret Gymnasium cast test. in to serye today's not Does

February 23rd and 24th, an individual By DEAN GREEN the joy and pride in an object of one's scoring the will system for used be to lead workmanship appreciation own T end!"AST first time. credit will give system This efforts the of of others? quickly passed word The down assists, serves, "kills,"for will and and

thrills will get never line, received the electrifying "You shooting the as failure charge the fouls to serve over in other sport."any the from archers Even standing with ready bows. failure net to place return a or and

first time he that loosed shaft wabbly there as point Every counted had now, ball the player has which touched with at the old target leaky in fine this the ward been in shooting some Annual this his score for card hands. pur- A

hall, thrilled to amusement George had Archery Vanguard Tournament. is developed pose being the Vanby

the joy putting of his strength into at the distant of Gazing row the guard of General Board Committee its which is designed for Churchwide use. brightlycolored targets, arranged in the bow and speeding the arrow on

beautiful symmetry across the wellway toward the chosen mark. Unforthose are expeditions roving little tried to gettable lawn, kept George W—

fields, into the argosies of purest haphis state thatSafety Campaigns Urged put mind and body into piness. hillock, of bushes clump Each balanced relaxation to so important 3 of Trail of Log Vanguard No.TN or earth clod upstanding a invited of shooting. awaiting Anxiously good four safety for are surveys provided skill. contest at of each joy Shouts of the starting whistle, the while delayed

this to conducted be during coming hit, close to the then next on mark. archers target busily 2 on were No. season. stakes Reports and from many shafts arching the in Or heavenward scratching for that an arrow had indicate these that have wards surveys flight, swift diswatching almost them grass, the "snaked"vagrant under results helpful been completed with the into blue, appear at pause highest flashed as thoughts his through mind in practical a inalso with and way point, gracefully turn in plunge and stole at glances he his shooting quick

interest the creased attendance and on flashing earth, splendor to the waiting first his in archery companions major part of the surveys Vanguards. As rest to quivering in coming the welmeet. serve such pro- a practical purpose and sod. evcrto-beremem- coming Those is cleanest of the "Archery of one in vide activity worthwhile wholesome that bered shots the sped rabbits wily all sports,"said his had Vanguard all inpractically are which Vanguards their frightened the or way, on wary first the of Leader that during meeting

is terested the for survey plan urged its into at indignation profane crow class. early the sumMutual new As all the Vanguard throughout Troops fields, disturber. those In George broad filtered breeze across the campus, mer Church. sealed in his agehad the membership rustling leaves trees the the borderon

ing the field, he felt his spirit echo that old clan of Nimrods, and became a

Indoor Postal Archery cry, "clean as the wind and open and veritable bloodbrother to Robin fair as the sunshine."All thought of Hood and his mighty host of forbears.

Tournam'Cnt evil fled from his mind as he fingered "Archery will ingrain a new sense the simple, beautiful in instrument in his of fair play sport and and honesty begin Leaders shouldyANGUARD life."its clean limbs the Straight true pointing toward arrow, and final for active preparation parhands;

ticipation in the Churchwide Indoor the sky, attuned to the songs of the straight and true the man! Nature reArchery Tournament. Complete deages, a lodestone for all that is true and wards the honest archer with calmness

tails were included in the January issue honest in sport. of mind, peace of conscience, and pleasof the Improvement Era. This is an "You will gain a sense of beauty antness of appearance. Many are the

excellent advance educational moveand an appreciation of the finer things chances to gain that extra two points ment designed to arouse interest in the of life from the study and pactice of by calling that shaft "in"which does annual Outdoor Championships, to be Archery."His first bow! What pains not quite touch the inner circle. But

held during the June Conference. and care he had taken with that first mere scores do not seem to matter in

lemonwood stave! After carefully planarchery. Was it fairly won? Am I

ing down the back, he had spent taking advantage of my opponent?

Rock Springs Vanguards hours rounding ofi the belly to its Those slender shafts seem to strengthen

Honor Historic Site properbringingcontour,it to thatandfinalliterallyperfectiondays ofin one'sand considerationdesire for fair play,for yourand courtesyfellow

A SMALL troop of Vanguards, line and polish. Beautiful to the eye archers soon develop in each new rehardly more than a dozen, has and smooth as satin to the touch, it cruit. Boys addicted to horseplay in

accomplished an outstanding achievewas an instrument of joy and beauty, other sports find a self restraint in the ment. The Rock Springs Troop of an inspiration to artists and craftsmen practice of archery that adds a much

- the Lyman Stake erected a monument throughout the ages since man bent needed fiber to the pattern of their to mark the site of the historic meeting the first crude stick and fashioned a character, resulting in the development of Brigham Young and Jim Bridger in weapon of power and utility. You of finer citizens, which is the ultimate

June, 1 847. It is located in Eden Valsimply couldn't resist the desire to take goal of all recreation.

ley, Wyoming, near the point where the it up, pull the string to the chin, and "The continued practice of archery

Mormon Pioneers crossed the Little feel the flow of power imprisoned in will improve your stature in the general

Sandy Creek. It is located on the its perfect curves. Never laid on the (To be Continued)

* y

are BeeKeepers, checking Ideas Pertainyou of Wisdom careMyCalendar are fully being filled? ing which Drink, Rest, on the cells TO Food,

Gatherers: The year is advancing rapidly. We Exercise, Fresh Air, CleanApril 3—Guide XXIV—Dramatize would remind you that in order for a liness AND Contentment

"Messengers of Spring."girl to complete her rank, she must fill

plenty a needs person April cells in at least two 10—Open for Girls and Beeeach field—27 their toKeepers Planning. keep foods in 'T THINKof wholesomethat all. girls in all the working your Arc April 1 7—Guide XXV—Reading. fields.? body in good condition. We should April 24—Honey Comb. eat whole wheat bread, plenty of fruits May 1—Guide XXVI—Feel Joy. Thoughts for Bee Keepers and vegetables, especially leafy vegeGirls tables. be Planned by May is 8—To of the dynamo pNTHUSIASM BeeKeepers.and '-'it lots to milk, helps of make Drink it, personality. Without your

1 BeeMay XXVII—The 5—Guide strong. should our grow body We lie abilities possess whatever you may Service.Keeper's a day. glasses at least six of water drink is it that to safe say dormant; and

Social May XXVIII—A 22—Guide for are drinks strong good not and Hot latent has everyone power more outnearly Picnic Excursion with or an us, tear they because body, our down—A use. they ever to learned than You

if of, possible. door games are the then breaking and "Word we judgment, knowledge, sound have may May of Wisdom."29—Open. faculties, but reasoning one no good

BUILDERS: it until even not know is necessary thing very Rest another yourself—will in April XXIV—Beauty heart to your discover put you how 3—Guide in condition. to keep good our body

the Home. action. into thought and for sleep long so After without go you

for April 10—Guide XXV—Open longer, live a cannot of time any you planning.your the Field From rest as as because well anyneed you April 17—Guide XXVI—Beauty else. or school to thing Children going Stake the Report from Hyrum A Person.of

if office, go they in people working an held outing stake BeeHive April on QUR Honey Comb. 24—Work rest, required their of without amount is last late in rather summer May XXVII—Honey 1—Guide brain their as well because cannot work the It at held reported. being wasComb.

is tired. Girls'Sixtyin canyon. Logan Camp for May XXVIII—Open 8—Guide

your planning. five girls and eleven BeeKeepers were We all should take exercises. The

it said present. housekeeper The in is either was best for taking time them to complete work. May 5—Open ever that largest has the such group Exercises the night. at to or complete morning work. 122—Open there. been is there plenty be taken should to where complete work. May May 29—Open insisted Beethat at least one air. digest to fresh We of helps ExercisingNymphs:

be each accompany Keeper and swarm food. our April 3—Guide XXVII—Sunshine for responsible them. Each wardfor Bees BeeHive and air If breathe fresh to pure have we for the enfor food one meal brought April diseases. there 10—Guide will as be not many XXVIII—SunGirls. tire group. BeeKeepers drew Theshine Girls. for Bees BeeHive and their sleeping while People should have at as to a stake meeting which numbers 1 April in so they breathe open, can windows 7—Guide XXIX—Sunshine prepare. to were they meal made We Girls.for Bees BeeHive and air. fresh the

is enclosed, schedule, tentative a which Little City. April on 24—Work activity for for each every unless and hour healthy cannot you be You Spirit May XXX—The 1—Guide days. the at are clean. take copy mimeographed should a bath two You A Spirit Religion. theof of and Hive

to least so each person twice they would was given put a week, and on clean May place. to take if possible. teeth clothing This what was Brush 8—Guide XXXI—The Spirit know your Religion.of

May 15—Guide XXXII—Church schedulethat the washike carriedwas delayedout exactlytwo excepthours face,at leasthands,twiceneck,a day.and earsSee thatare clean,yourOrganization,

rain the a is night during account of If hair. also on dirty a person your and 22—Work on the Little City. cooled the the hike oji air and a untidy, clean which made looks person down May May 29—Open. pleasant. Allen, Beassociate Keta Stake to more does not with her and want

Business Keeper. her.

Cap and Band BeeHive Girls I think that cleanliness has a lot requests to from"PnUE many the By Margaret Clayton shouldto do bewithcontentedcontentment.with whatA shepersonhas field it has decided been that Caps

if she can see no other way of getting Girls, BeeHive separately. purchased TKTE'RE beBands may

better. anything (to Girls. one)Bands 30c, BeeHive replace worn 'We're Cap

40c, Cap and Band 65c. The followFrom dear old Cannon Ward I think that people arc not keeping

ing combinations may be worn as an With our work the "Word of Wisdom"when they official uniform: We never shirk tear down their body by not eating

1. Bands alone. For we arc BeeHive Girls. proper kinds of foods and by drinking

2. Cap and Band. Out of our duties. drinks that are not good for us. So let

3. Kahki colored dress with the blue We make play; us all try and keep the "Word of Wistie or band. We do a good turn every day. dom"by keeping healthy. Verda

4. The dress with tie or band and Our lessons help us on our way. Turnbow, age 13, Redcliff Ward, Ducap. Hurrah, hurrah, for the M. I. A. chesne Stake.

MYERS COVE

By Harrold Stevens Alvord That magic land—Idaho—called by Joaquin Miller

The Gem of the Mountainsj's-peaks in this article by a Scout

Executive who loves the gleaming peaks and the big blue valleys of the Salmon Country.

tions, the request is quickly given or firmly denied. In either event

it is definitely settled. In response to our query, he will stroll

to the huge wall map, lightly extend his index finger over contours, then deliberately stop where "fishing is good."With the permit in

hand and the day half gone, we quickly arrange axe, add bucket, shovel and food aplenty. The

tools are mandatory. The food,

although last, is by no means the least. As a final aid from without

to those within, we talk over a single line to the end of the trail.

Ere the sun goes down, the nearest miles will be sixtyfour away, Courtesy S, Forest Service, store U. of is free Photo by the time for ABOVE: BLUE GROUSE. range between. a mountain withSUMMER LIGHTNING. CENTER: DRY adventure. Just wheeling RIGHT: WHOPPER."A "WHAT

fan the thin dust from the pREPARED now, we drive over main highway. The road is been tipped sidewise by elements a splendid highway toward

smooth and wide. Here in Central and man. Slabs plug the crooked Salmon City. Once it was a rough

Idaho, synchronized between two front door. A cement walk is high trail traveled by hardy Saints.

mountain ranges, we find nature above the threshold. The roof is Meandering nearby is the placid

blending and beautiful. shingled with earth, matted with Salmon River. The eleven miles

"Slow down to thirty for prairie grass. Beyond, bright and

Challis is ahead,"warns a hybrid inviting, we see the U. S. flag and HEAD OF SHIP ISLAND CREEK

roadsign. In this community forestry shield.

banker and jovial mountaineer, Mr. Parrel is the

chat and play together. At the supervisor. He, beInn, other guests include merchant ing clothed in

or swaggering cattlemen just in gaberdine and unfrom the Pahsimeroi Valley. They questioned authortoo, are enjoying the last morsel of ity, extends a

food so pleasantly served. Their friendly hand.

chief characteristic is the clothes From him we must they wear, for without exception, obtain our permit they are courteous and helpful. Up to enter the land of

the main street, with some protecthe Middle Fork.

tion given by two recent buildings, Following carefulis a crazy log hut. It has long since ly chosen ques16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY. 1934

to Morgan Creek passes quickly. It Held straight by taut twisted

seems but a flick in the day's time. wires between short stocky posts,

The motor responds while freedom is the heavy gate. The "Welcome"

reigns. With thoughts of a camp sign, fastened to the uppermost A NEW in the land of mystery, breathing cross pole, swings incessantly. In

quickens. Hearts thump, as we anthe house, on the mound, lives the

ticipate quiet, where forces and life Wilson family. "Billy"the guide, DEAL go on unexplained. Before turnis known deep into the "deer"

FOR THE OLD ing from the main highway, we country. He has built well for his

are impressed with the ruggedness wife, daughter Elaine, and toddling in Central Idaho. Fragrance from son, Judy. They enjoy manyHEATING shaded summer blooms permeates worthwhile things besides contentthe air. ment. There is a phonograph near STOVE The creek road is banked with assorted records; a code of ethics

verdure; color is profuse. This managed well. Although more

narrow grade, smooth though firm, than 250 miles from their church leads us to the headwaters of the house, their religion seems very

We'll Change it to a Cove."River OfSignsNo ofReturn""Caution,"and Myers"Prevital.near; theOne "Wordis impressedof Wisdom"with this

vent Forest Fires,"dot the many isolated though decent orderly livdrink strong Clingpole pine. and ing. Tobacco curves lodge and Olatu/ui friends of man. cannot the slowly mountainside, warp these ing to

we wind to climb through stately As guide, haymaker, parent or evergreens. Heavy timber fills the Temple visitor, with him the pioseat near the driver. TurnCamas is the nearest creek. HEATER canyonin the below. Extreme care rides neer spirit thrives and unfolds.

outs are few, with travel unexChinook salmon thrive in the $ pected. Natives on the road, in shaded pools. Upon the cobblemotor car or ancient buckboard, stone ripples these monsters of the

ONLY DOWN display their uncanny maneuvering fresh water streams baffle science skill. Willing to take the danger and sportsman. In pairs they work 1 side, they hang on edge, smile to the gravel as their steellike sides

stopped though passing are easily seen. In Nature's time, Your present heating stove—no the

stranger, gain their equilibrium and minnows come. For no ominous matter what kind it is—can be

readily changed to burn Natural disappear at the nearby point. reasons, these fingerlings move

Gas, the quick, clean, convenient, At the summit, high above the downstream. In an effort to trace

economical modern fuel. oppressive valley heat, we are stopthis strange migration, many fins

this in thin a guard. Here ped by in the are Government marked it for only $ 1 can have down You air, traveler invigorating and motor at City. WithHatchery Salmon

... a for 12 and $1 month equipfighting refreshed, as fire are the into head doubt, they out is total cost only months. The is displayed. Fresh smoke ment River, through Columbia work it investwill the best be $ 1 is nostrils. dilates the inquiry 3—and An lost various channels and become ever made. you ment Careless elements and made. Pacific, sea. they the in in the Once

TREMENDOUS thoughtlessuncontrolled.campersFor havea fortnight,left fire becomesay theyhiddengo deep,as whilea secret.otherSomenoADVANTAGES menbornlyandfoughtblaze haveside bylivedside.and stuboestions ofincludethe north.a life Theseunder theoriesthe ice

Congenial Mr. Romano, Asare mere guesses and are unreliable.

There are many reasons why you sistant Forestry Supervisor, had During the interval of four to seven want gas heat. It means quicker enlightened us. According to him, years, they become thirty pounds

warmth... easily controlled... the man made fires represent but or more. Some have been known

clean... no ashes, smoke, soot or onefourth of this hideous waste. to weigh thrice thirty. With spring

clinkers... no labor! A single Dry lightning is the chief cause. high water, many find their ways

pile. is kindling your And match little the streams which from reinto curves and open "KyTYRIAD

this heatingfind you'll that new gas in they gone. they had twos Here are creeks freshing marked

is remarkably economstove burner soft, waste spawn, become away fanciful frequent names. with The operate. ical to organized long and die. Through the green of ranger sign and white

It takes only a few hours to becomes a token of security. A observation, this seems clear, acchange over. Come In and get full stray sleek deer darts from the uncurate and a systematic certainty.

details. derbrush to take our attention from But why, or where do they go?

the pungent odor of burning pine. We do not know. It is one of the

UTAH GAS & COKE CO. Accommodating grouse, with artunsolved mysteries of the hills.

OGDEN GAS CO. fulcamerapoise,shoots.proudlyThestandspeedometeras our ples,HereChinookat trailsandend,friendswith thewill ripre-

WASATCH GAS CO. registers fifty-t h r e e interesting turn. The Salmon grow soft and

though slow going miles. Abruptly die, but the friends grow firm and

the road ends. live, for this is Myers Cove.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY, 1934 117

M. I. A. ACCOMPLISHMENTS DURING NOVEMBER, 1933

'ceou Aver- /3or Comto Peati-.S 0

Enrollment Date Discussions Following a ua 2 uc e Organized the is

O-o whose c (3 to '> having to ce 13 - Give of Wards Number STAKES 0 3S iea in he Depts. Conducting 1;w| s bo in 3"3 m s.-s <u "c

s 1'"m uni i d ifi III 1 IZICL,'"S-'i>M II

u a.s 4 Hi 12 "5 e 'to3

10 S6 S">> 14Q m

Alberta 12 7 8 5 8 2 8 3 6 6 3 5 3 4 4 3 Yea 1 1 3 6 8 61 6

Alpine 6 4 6 3 6 2 4 4 6 6 4 3 6 4 4 1 Yes 1 4 6 6 5 1 2 8 8 6 4 8 3 3 1 2 2.... 6.... 5.... NoBannock ""3 9 ""8 24 1 6 7 "s.... 3 7 6 3 1 6 "i 11 2 3 "i YesBear Lake

..—8 1 10 5 9 '""i 3 10 1 7 4 3 7 2 12 10 "ii Yes 7 ""9 2 RiverBear

Beaver 5 3 3 4 2 i 8 3 2 8 4 3 2 8 6 6 1 9 1 1 12 10 8 7 8 4 10 12 5 9 14 10 8 12Benson 9 6 10 3 8 7 4 7 10Blackfoot 13 2 ""2 YesYes 13 82 24 126 129 108 62

Blaine 8 7 '""iBoise 11 4 "8 1 3.... 28 24 32.... "'3.... 'i Yes 21 21 21 67 56 56 68

Box Elder, 14 14 12 14 14 3 12 8 1 4 6 4 B Yes 2 1 14 14 11 7

Burley * 9 8 4 3 B 4 1 1 3 2 2 Yes 1 i 8 7 V 7

Cache 8 8 3 8 8 i 6 8 6 8 1 6 i Yes 3 2 1 7 8 6 4

Carbon 10 9 7 7 7 9 7 9 7 3 8 6 S 6 4 3 1 Yes 3 8 3 10 7 7 6

Cassia 5 3 2 3 3 ii 2 2 1 8 3 1 1 8 3 3 2 10 10 9 6 6 10 7 2 10 10Cottonwood 2 1 Yes 1 1 S "3 4 3 6 6 3 6 2 7 6 2 7 6Curlew No 8 3 2 106 107 47 17

Deseret 11 9 7 8 4 6 3 6 7 1 7 6 3 4 3 7 3 4 2 8 6 7 7 2

East Jordan 11 11 8 10 10 9 7 7 8 3 3 Yes 3 4 1 10 11 9 10 7 8 8 7 8 5 4 8 3 2 Yes 10Emery 11 2.. 8 7 5 8 6 5 7 6 8 8 4Ensign No 42 63 12 98 108 108 83

Franklin 14 14 12 12 11 2 14 9 4 7 6 8 6 Yes 4 6 4 14 14 13 6

Garfield 8 3 6 2 5 1 2 8 3 3 4 2 No 8 B 6 3 1 7 3 7 7 9 1 6 4 8 4 6 3 1 9 6 3 3 10 7 Granite No 5 14 2 8 10 i2 14 9 7 12 4 14 10 8 8 4 14 12 14Grant Yes 1 4 1 1 8 2Gunnison 9 14 11 7Hollywood 8 6 ""2 """3 "2 114 116 47 6 7 Ti 125 "12 94 "ii 93 "i2 115 "'5 3 13 6.... 10Hyrum

2 Idaho 2 ""5 23 "'3 31 ""3 2 36 47 21 23 11 3 No"67 86 46 32 7 2

Idaho Falls 12 11 12 3 5 B 11 9 10 3 2 11 9 4 8 8 2 2 Yes 8 6 4 12 12 8 6 4 B 5 3 3 5 5Juab 5 3 B 6 6 6Juarez 4 ""2 ""3 81 14 81 31 31 13 YesYes 33 31 31 86 86 32 22

Kanab 7 4 3 4 2—... 1 3 2 1 1 1 Yes 1 4 2 2 2

6 3 6 6 8 2 6 1 1 i 6 6 6 6 4 3 4 4Kolob 6 1 Yes 4 6 4 6... 4 1 B 4 2 B 2 1 4 2 5 6 6 6 5 6 1 4 8Lehi

8 4 2 7.... 3 7 7 7 8 8 3 3 8 2Lethbridge 3 8 2 2 4 Yes "12 7 "12 8 11 "i2 11 4 1 3 1 12 4 10 10 4Liberty 4 1 3 Yes

. 10 2 6 9 10 11 8 1 7 9 2 1 9 B 7 11 10 3 10 2 6Logan 1211 Yes

Los Angeles 12 10 12 7 9 9 10 9 11 2 2 12 12 7 6 9 7 1 No 2 8 1 12 4 4 4

Lyman 8 4 5 2 5 3 B 1 2 1 1 8 4 2 3 4 3 Yes 2 1 1 4 4 4 6.... 8 5 6 6 6 6........ 6 3 4 2 8 4Malad Yes "2 9 6 "5 9 9 8 9 "io 7 3 9 2 10 6 "io 9Maricopa 108 ""i """2.... Yes '3

6 6 6 6 1 6 6 6 6 7 1 2 3Millard 4 4 2 Yes

Minidoka 8 3 5 1 4 4 2 3 3 i 4 2 1 1 2 3 No 8 B 2 3 1 7 8 e 2 7 7 5 7 7 6 12 B 2Moapa 3 4 4 1 4 4 6 7 6 6Montpelier 8 6 14 5 4 3 5 1 1 YesNo 1 2 11 76 77 77 16

Morgan 8 5Moroni "i 1 4 "3 2 ""3 1 2 2 "3 1 32 41 "i 31 1 "i YesNo 33 44 84 1

Mt. Ogden 8 5 3 4 8 2 5 4 2 3 3 1 Yes B B 3 2

Nevada 7 4 6 2 3 6 3 3 i 2 4 3 2 3 Yes 1 1 4 4 4 2

North Davis 7 7 7 6 6 2 6 6 7 1 6 5 2 8 3 6 2 Yes 1 7 7 5 4

JJ'orth Sanpete 6 6 4 4 8 6 6 2 4 1 3 Yes 1 1 8 6 4 B 1 4 3 i 4 Sevier 1 4 2 1 2 4 2North 2 1 No 2 7 9 7...; 14 9 9 9 1 3North 8 Weber 2 No 1 1 114 104 49 32

Ogden 12 12 7 9 ii 2 12 11 7 7 1 1 1 Yes 2 12 12 9 6 9 9 2 5 7 8 10 9 10 5 9 11 8 6Oneida 11 3 4 No 10 8 8 5 6 4 6 6 8 2 6 5 4 4 6 6 B 6 3Oquirrh 4 2 Yes

Palmyra 9 6 8 5 8 3 8 8 8 i 2 8 7 4 4 4 6 1 9 8 8 1

Panguitch 6 6 6 6 4 5 4 8 B 1 6 4 1 4 4 8 Yes 1 6 6 6 2

Parowan 11 6 7 2 6 3 7 6 B 3 6 7 8 6 2 3 1 7 6 2 1 10 11 11Pisneer Pocatello 10 "6 105 ""4 77 9 10 ""ii 7 '"3 23 1110 19 ""s 108 56 28 13 YesYes B 3 3 1010 1110 108 116

Portneuf 9 8 7 6 6 4 4 4 4 2 1 6 4 4 4 B 4 3 Yes 3 1 2 6 3 3 2

Raft River 4 4 3 3 4 2 1 2 2 2 1 Yes 3 4 2 4 4 4 4

Kigby 13 9 5 6 3 6 4 8 4 2 i 8 B 3 4 3 2 1 Yes 3 2 S 8 6 3

Hoosevelt 10 6 3 3 6 6 B 3 4 3 2 1 1 8 6 6 3

Salt Lake 13 11 13 5 9 10 12 10 13 1 13 12 9 11 6 7 B Yes 8 1 2 12 13 11 9 1 3 6 5 4 4 7 8 8 11 1 8 5 8 1 Francisco 11 3 3 4 1San "s 1 No?. 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 2 2 3 2 2 2San Juan 2 Yes

San Luis 3 3 2:::::: 1 2 3 3 2 2 1 Yes 3 1 1 2

Sevier 8 7 5 5 7 2 7 2 2 4 2 3 1 1 7 7 7 8 6 5 8Shelley 9 8 7 5 6 8 8 6 3 6 4 1 1 5 3 3 4 Yes........ 4 6 5 5 6 6 6 6 B 4 6 1 6 6 3Sharon 7 2 """6

8 7 8 1 B 9 8 4 '"24 96 8?.7 10 11 9 12Snowflake 12 3 7 4 1 1 Yes

South Davis 8 8 7 7 5 B 6 6.6 1 1 7 3 8 8 5 4 Yes 3 2 3 7 7 6 6

South Sevier 8 7 5 7 7 1 6 4 3 2 2 2 1 1 1 6 6 6 1

Star Valley 11 "ii 9 "ii 7 'io 7 "ii 8 9 7 S 6 ""b 3 1 Yes 11 7 4

St. George 10

St. Joseph 15;... 128;.'.... 86 77 88 23 117 114 111 118 "9 102 i Yes i 1 1 118 127 124 79

Summit 14 9 7 6 7 8 6 3 4 2 1 No 7 8 6 8

Taylor 6 4 6 4 5 3 B 4 4 4 6 6 6 3 3 4 3 No 1 1 6 2 6

Timpanogos 6 5 6 4 6 3 6 4 6 2 2 6 6 6 Yes 6 6 6 6 2

Tintic 3 4 2 1 1 3 3 4...... 2 1 1.... 1.... 4 4 3 1

Tooele 4n 8 7 1 R 2 1 2 Yes "i i 8 8 6 6

Twin Falls 4 4 2 1 4 4 2 2 3 3 2 Yes 1 2 4 4 4 4

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934

M. I. A. flCCOMPLISHMENTS DURING NOVEMBER, 1933

.1 a itots tlo 4J

War Aver "o1 b( >i CQ t Fest'ho tidc C3 *>2 0<u Com /3

Date Followin

Discussion 2 Enrollmen 4) boM

Organized 0 Enrollment of a the is.11

whose to (VEO having r 6 "3S 1 Give of Wards Number STAKES in more B ft MS Groups ED the in Depts. Conducting their

Class Attendance EO Activities

Wards Wards Wards whose rsu ticipate ulation |o or 1 of in jing Kg ed EC, bo e OSH dtS d >52 ca a i Z II m

EO a 4 h4 hi hi toB toa

IS coi a f So "a p.w

Uintah 10 6 9 3 6 4 9 4 6 11 1 9 6 3 4 4 4 Yes... 7 7 6 4

Utah 9 9 9 7 7 7 8 7 8 1 9 9 4 9 2 5 Yes 4 4 2 8 9 7 5 8 8 9 8 3 8 3 4 9 7 9 8 9 9Wasatch 7 Yes "2 3 6 5 4 1 1 "1 1 5 4 ""'i 6 '""s 5 "3 96 5 4 8Wayne No 3 33 6 4 1 7 7 9 6 5 2 8 3 8 2 8 7 2Weber Yes 6 7 5 JordanWest 5. "bWoodruff 2.... 3.... 6 ""5 45 24 42 44 34 23 12 YesNo 31 21 21 65 56 35 2

Yellowstone 10 6 10 3 5 2 7 4 8 1 2 8 5 4 6 4 1 2 Yes 3 2 2 9 10 8 5

Zion Park Calif. Mission 42 7 "28 347 23 305 "16 245 23 246.... "ii 337 244 132 183 214 155 "3 Yes 13 '2 314 337 297 223

Eastern States 8 8 7 8 8 6 3 6 6 2 1 2 Yea 1 2 3 5 4 3 4

Northwestern St's.. 33 16 16 13 13 12 12 16 16 3 8 4 7 8 4 8 3 1 Yes 4 2 6 12 IB 11 11

Western States 11 1 1 1 1 1 1 1... 1 1 1

Texas Mission 7 3 1 3 3 2 2 1 3 2 3 3 3 i

Northern States.... 10 6 7 5 1 10 1 3 4 3 3 1 Yes 12 12 12 3 B 2 1

The Stakes have held many events not shown in this report. November seems to be the popular month for road shows; a few Gold and Green

already also been held, banquetsBalls have and dances M MenGleaner events congratulated been reported. have are to be Stakes The upon their; Thanksgivingfine showingBalls,this month.Harvest WeBalls,hopeSeniorthe enthusiasmBanquets andwill dancesbe renewedand otherafter

the holidays.

A Message For All atherefiningLord's influencepresent constitutedis the wordauof portedous indeedby votewhenmerelytheyandarenotsupby

WorkersM. I. A. thority here. The First Presidency deed. the together with of the Church, process the in What strides (Continued are proof the Twelve, from page 81) Quorum of the could refinement Church

seers phets, and have and revelators if all LatterChrist Jesus not makejs—4 of sustained as been unanimously loyal and support gave day Saints

least, for the past number prayerful heed to the counsels oftrine and Covenants from which such—at

we have quoted. It is the imof years, I have heard of no disthe Lord's spokesmen! Indeed, the

mediate word of the Lord to this senting vote at any stake or genpriesthood is of use to the Lord generation. Whatever inspiration eral conference. But I have heard and of benefit to us only as we

we derive from its influence will decomplaint and adverse criticism of honor and magnify it, and when pend upon our study of and adour General Authorities. It might men complain that the presiding

herence to it. be well for the man or woman who priesthood is not functioning for

Not inferior to the scriptures as publicly votes to sustain the constitheir good, it is because they are tuted authority of the Church and failing to make it so function.

who subsequently finds fault with Having voted to sustain men as to ridicule one or even holds up revelators, seers prophets, and we Index to Advertisers or to those of has voted he more faith, prayer,, part must do our by realize action such sustain, to advertisers are that dependable. These and work, to make them such.

business with Doing them only to be will be proclaims or her not him mutually advantageous. a hypocrite but a liar. Hypocrisy Refining influences become inCompany Page and lying are direct violations of spiring by our doing. Undaunted

Beneficial Life Insurance Co the forumla requisite for human rebearing testimony of the truth in is Back Cover refining face in- a opposition of the canfinement Ghost and Holy University Brigham 123 Young fluence strongof rare power. The will (not not cannot) not but Bureau of Information 119

est gospel's testimonies truth of the Press behalf. function person's such Deseret News on 126

Grant, Heber J. Sf Co 121 are gained from its most vigorous

Ghirardelli S Co. 123 Be it remembered, that no one defense. Fearless obedience to the

Hotel Temple Square 125 makes the plea that the men called word of the Lord in the face of

Business L. College D. S. 119 to inpreside over the Church are fiber to ridicule tempers unmoral Postal Telegraph 127 fallible. are human. MorThey short, hardness. breakable supIn Present and Prophecy. Time 122

Salt Lake Knitting Co. 121 tality precludes infallibility. That port of the truth, from whatever

Standard Brands, Inc. 125 very fact makes support of the ausource, intelligent and indomitable

?J Light Utah Power Co 120 thorities incumbent upon us. Their obedience to eternal law are the very Oil Refining Utah Co

- Inside Front Cover responsibilities are sufficiently heavy fires of refinement. Inspired thereUtah Gas 8J Coke Co 1 1 in the ordinary discharge of their by, we will develop the gifts within

duties. Their load becomes onerus.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934 119

III And from an ancient scripture:

learned if they is good "But to be lest ye arc deceived; "Wherefore beware Bishops! Attention of counsels the unto deceived,and seek ye hearken not be that ye may tlie missionary Trork alongr Help

earnestly the best gifts, always rememberGod."at the

ing for what they arc given."* The writer of the Old TestaBUREAU OF INFORMATION

Be ye not deceived ment Proverbs imparts divinely by getting: your

profound wisdom when he writes, Sacrament Sets the peovision there is no "Where I one asked what wordYKTEKE From Us notice perish."ple what And liOW PRICES: best describes society today, he NEW

that keepeth writes next, he "But Water SILVER reply,I should "Bewilderment."tray—lieavyTflth. tliree plated dozen is he. law, happy "If $16.00 glasses is befogged. worldThe The exthe

glasses Extra there obedience to law Withoutperience of today is confounding doz. $1.25 1.00 and per

the wisdom of yesterday. The inis no vision. BREAD TRAYS $7.50

efHcacy of today's remedies will be The Holy Ghost has been given Bureau of Information discovered tomorrow. Relief is to every Latterday Saint and the SaltTempleLake City,BlockUtah

not to be found save in obedience obedience of that Latterday Saint to the law. to God's law will make him subject

"But wo unto him that has the to the Holy Spirit's refining inlaw given, yea, that has all the comfluence. Thus inspired, the gift ofmandments of God, like unto us, discernment—the ability to see

and that transgresseth them, and will develop within him and he willthat wasteth the days of his prorise to such leadership as will bring February bation, for awful is his state! the world out of the dark chaos of

"O that cunning plan of the evil ignorance and bewilderment into frailvainness,one and the O the assurance.

ties, foolishness the! and the bright sunlight of truth and Graduates of men!

When they are learned they think IVthey are wise, and they hearken not to Prepareunto the counsel of God, for they T ET the M. I. A. worker rememHow

set they it aside, supposing know ber that organization's the their wherefore,of themselves, this wisproject the developfor a Position for year is dom is foolishness and it profiteth ment of leadership. Surface refinethem not. And they shall perish."f ment, the mere attributes of worth,... for College

Our immediate need is ability to while making for pleasing personsee. There are gifts many, but of ality are not enough for genuine A Finishing Course in

them all, the one most in need of leadership. In addition to these business subjects will qualify

development during this dark hour and to almost inexhaustible energy you for an office position.

effort,is gift the he must and indefatigable of discernment. The If you plan to go to college,

is flying where inhaveworld blind without know vision. He must

struments. National and interhe is going and why. it will enable you to prepare

national leaders are groping frenEvery M. I. A. leader in every your assignments more easziedly for techniques for recovery. department faces a challenge in his ily, and to earn part of youi

Staggering sums of money are being particular work. Inspired by the expenses.

spent to save the economic structure refining influences of Mormonism, and the whole scheme is admittedly how are you Adult leaders presentNew classes for MidYear experimental. a start In right after fit of hysteria, Graduates of Life?"Way ing "Religion—A

is repudiatingour own country Senior leaders, are you what Special one You adCommencement.of its ideals in the ridiculously—or accomplishing with your discusvanced courses for gradushould say we today's problems? tragically—futile You ates of high school Commerlegalizing that the of liquorhope immorality With sionsM Menof leaders!

cial Department. Write orwill bring temperance about us, definitely and rampant about are you

permanently increase revenue. Verhelping young fellows over a rough call for free literature. No

ily, the world is bewildered. way? With crime gnawing at the obligation.

O the vainness of the learned very vitals of society, what are you men who think they are wise, yet doing with the M Men civic proset aside the counsel of God. Here jects? Are your Treasures of

leaders? Gleaner just one hundred years of permaWhat L. D. S.ple—givenisago:the word of the Lord to this peoTruth merely scrap books, you nent are the worth girls under your

leadership into garnering keep not "If you commandmy their BUSINESS COLLEGE storehouses as they glean thements, the love of shall spiritual Father not continue with you, therefore in the fields of biography? Having SALT LAKE CITY

in with the I. A. M.you shall walk in darkness. "$ met M Men, A visit to our school are joint your what accomplishDoctrine and Covenants, Sec. 46:8. will convince you

t2 Nephi 9:27-8. Ibid, 2 Nephi 9:29.

JDoctrine and Covenants, Sec. 75:12. UProverbs 29:18.

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934

ments in personality improvement? as giving pleasant diversion? Are evokes the presence of the Spirit of

The challenge is yours too, Junior conversation, story telling, and the Lord? In short, are they releaders and Scoutmasters, and espepublic address producing better creational?

cially yours, Community Activity mental habits and building finer Let's accept the challenge!

leaders. characters through improvement of Inspired by the refining influences of shall so Mormonism, we gift—speech—which Does the philosophy, "The song setsthat usGodlikeapart develop will gifts that from the brute creaour they

of the heart is a prayer unto me,"tion? Are all your parties and culminate in the greatest of all gifts

permeate leadership? Is your music socials inspired good fun salvation by leaderand exaltation—eternal thestudy of leading into drama ship not but which only invites in our Father's Kingdom?

the recognition of beauty and the 4g(revelation of truth? Is the work >

in the it. developdancing department I believed innocent, you He

ing healthy admiration of the The Beloved happy, were was and you young pretty. and Today, forbeauty of reverence I was and when the Cinderella certain financial provisions to makesanctity of the as well body human (Continued from page 95)

for to daughter, felt forced he my tell truth. time ago me the Some

I voice was convincing; he meant I ofiered twentyfive thousand dolwhat he said! Had she been lars for news of my child—alive dreaming? Was she mad? Her or dead. Carr had just received

white lips moved but no words absolute proof when I summoned came. him to see you and hear that I'd

Blanchard drummed on the desk found my child. He kept silent.

with his strong nervous fingers. Jim,"Blanchard turned to him

They were in a circle of light and sternly, "I do blame you for that!"

nated—howStar fixed her eyesshortonandthem,squarefasci- wasCarrhard,spokesir,"withhis anvoiceefi'ort.deepened"It

tipped they were with emotion; "it's hard now

"I see you have nothing to say,"spare her, Mr. Blanchard!"

he went on after a moment, and his tone hardened. "Of course BiiLANCHARDdrewa these people—the Binneys—knew. long breath. "It's bitter!"he exBut I thought you might be only claimed, and then to Star: "I want

their dupe. It's clear enough; it you to understand all the points

was a putup job, you're no relaagainst you. A convict in State's

tion of mine whatever. It may prison has confessed, he sent for

have looked like a good thing; it Carr. He, the convict, and this

it couldn't last; you baby girl was stolen. Pharcellus Their Health hasawhile,been buta good thing for you for Pharcellus were together when my

should have known that, my girll"took the clothes but the child Star lifted her eyes to his face died—"Blanchard's voice broke

the but still obscured her. buried has it was Carr by "and they is Worth shadows. all this. the grave He's saw Beyond proved him she had

Carr, and he avoided her look. She opened. A little ring—missing

rose slowly to her feet. from the things Mrs. Binney had More,,, "I don't know what you mean,"was there. I have it here, Jim

said in voice. told it to Blanbrought a low "You I—."Electric you invest in an When were father!"chard stopped, choked, commanded my sheme—you Refrigerator, only you not make see lips Blanchard's a himself, twisted into can and went me. on—"I

delicious and inexpensive dishes hard smile. the temptation was great; a fortune

possible, add to mother's leisure "We'll have to make a clear was involved. I suppose you were

and comfort in the kitchen, but statement, Jim,"he said grimly. to pay a living to these people, the

you are taking due precaution "It's this way, young woman. Mrs. Binneys. But it was a poor game;

in guarding the health of your Binney produced the clothes my it's found out, it was sure to be children. Electric Refrigeration poor child wore, her locket and found out. You're no daughter of

is as necessary in winter as in certain other proofs; she, this Binmine."

summer. ney woman, had them from Star stood up, straight and slim

Pharcellus. We happen to know and pale, her gray eyes wide.

is true?"she Come in, and talk it over. that such a man was one of the "This—this story

kidnappers. Mrs. Binney claimed looked from one to the other, from

that, at his Carr's face to her Blanchard's death through angry Utah Power 8 house, one. learned that took She she had just flushed and uneasy you

Light Co* werewere thegood,stolenI acceptedheiress. them.Her proofsJim a step"Tellnearer,me, it'sfacingyouCarr,who did this!

here, adviser, never meant would as You my legal Efficient Public Service Carr, tell, this—youif I'd could have you! you said, marry you know, unmasked

you long ago but he hated to do It was this! Is it true?"

TH E I M P ROVEM ENT E R A.. F E B R U AR Y. 1934 I2i

it. staring at Blanchard with dilated eyes reluctantly, but upon her met He

eyes. mean—youimposter "It's all true think I came his ground. stoodhe "Dohere—asyou an

she cried. purpose?"I came—to he replied in a—on—unfortunately,"nodded. "What Helow voice. money—liketake youa else can we in—to"You getthinkyour

Blanchard, too angry to heed think?"he demanded sharply. thief?"she gasped. "Like a thief!Star's accusation of Carr, nodded "You came through a fraud, a No, no, I—"she swayed, stretching

his head. "All true! That old frameup,"he laughed bitterly. out her beautiful hands with a

man and woman down there, your "It's paid pretty well, Carr, hasn't poignant gesture, took a faltering friends, are liable to a charge of it?"he added, with biting irony, step backward and fell unconscious

conspiracy to defraud."appealing to the young man by to the floor. (To be Continued)

"You think they knew it was the fire.false?"Star cried suddenly—"the But Carr did not answer him,

Binneys? No, no! Pap's the soul his eyes were on the girl. Etta was

girl the he was mad about wouldn't do it! It's right; honor—he

her dragged When Your had down and he mistake."it's a hideous—oh,of "About you, yes,"Blanchard, from her pedestal. He was flushedin his disappointment and grief, and shaken now—how lovely she Home Burns

was unmerciful, "It was all a lie."was I

Star caught at the side of the Star put her hand to her throat, There's a certain amount of table opposite to him and leaned backing away from the table and comfort to know that should fire destroy your home tonight that liam Allen White, Publisher and you are covered by Fire Insurfls the Earth Turns author, makes this comment on "As ance.

(Continued from page 100) the Earth Turns": 'As a view of Such insurance will indemnify

life quite outside enof its "4 American loss incurred and for the you> story, the the vironment and beyond to rebuild your home allow youoften unrecognized because it is so uncontribution underto an book is a assuming. She moves from task to standing of the American Spirit. Here without financial hardship.

task, through good fortune and bad, are courage with humor, purpose withIt's worth a good deal to have with a deep content in the land, the out cant, idealism mixed with practical this protection in these times.

seasons and finally in her own rocommon sense. The characters in the See our agent in your town.

mance."story dramatize the fundamental virtues

The theme of this book, which is of America and yet live and shine as entirelyold, yet so new in beings. there is no a novel, human UTAH HOME FIRE It is—and

literature the trend itmarks in modern exactly describes which other word back to the basic things of life. Wil-—a beautiful book."INSURANCE CO.

4 HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

Sunday Evening speakgram removeor performtheiranyhats.part on the proGeneral Agents

Joint Meeting newThefeaturesprogramsintroducedshould sobe asvariedto secureand 20SaltSouthLakeMainCity, StreetUtah {Continued from page 107) and interest large audiences of young jipeople. Clarissa A. Beesley.

the most important features of our program. Occasionally it may be well

to remind ourselves of these fundamental objectives and see if we are TEMPLE BRAND using the conjoint meeting especially to promote them.

The programs should always be inkeeping with the Sabbath Day, They GARMENTSmanufactured for the should be of a highly cultural type, disSALT LAKE KNITTING STORE tinctly colored throughout with the Of superior quality and workmanship religious atmosphere, and a part of And sold at prices defying competition. When ordering from us

each at least, should present Latterday remember We Pay Postage

FOR LADIES FOR principles teachings. MENSaint and

No. discourage programs We Silk made up 719No. Ribbed Light and Wool 1.95 660 Med. Weight Weight $1.10

2.95 6111 Weight 792 Heavy Wool Fine Quality 50%entirely feature Cotton to 1.25 of musical numbers

1.25 Lisle Quality 602 Fine 736 Light Cotton Weight 75a certain students, favor of but group 1.10 610 Light Ribbed Wt 714 Med. Weight Cotton 1.25

1.25 Quality 614 Ex. Med. Wt. faithexercise arather address or of an 713 Spring Needle 98 Flat Weave 1.50 Cotton663 Unbleached Med. Heavy

762 character accompanied 1.25promoting Rayon NonRun by 1.60 664 Cotton Med. Heavy Wt.

735 Light Weight Cotton 89 Ribbed.89 Cotton 635 Ribbed Light Weight selections.several sacred musical

Rayon.... 1.50 Style 601 Only 1.25 Med. NonRun Weight New of 716 Fine Quality voice appreciation our sincere We Silk, Request, Cotton; for 15c 10c Garments Marked Upon

singers lovelyour and others who assist Sizes 46 over for Extra Charge 20% so generously in making these programs Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman, also state if long attractive but strongly advise that they or short sleeve, shortHeightor andlongWeight.legs areSampleswanted.SentGiveUponaccurateRequest.Bust Measurement,

accept but one appointment for an that so theyevening remain and may SALT KNITTING STORE LAKE spirit the theenjoy meeting. of 42 South Main St., Salt Lake City, STORE IN UTAH Utah—OLDEST KNITTING

We suggest that all women who 122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934

air, a beautiful years one, as soft as blue One hundred ago the Some Beautiful her neck look and and it made arms Prophet Joseph wrote: Smith

Way (Continued from page 73) terriblyshe walkedwhite,acrossand theit flutteredfloor inwhenblue slippers - highheeled that exactly 4iWe Believe of satin. matched, made

in the literal gathering of Israel ful of fresh towels. "It's no good No, Holly knew that, the way

things never, never she were, could she hopelessly. thoughtand in the rtoration of the Ten trying,"it as a party. well She knew good. "It's simply She hates have no

Tribes; that Zion will be built me. I can see it in the way she as anything.

this (theupon American) constares as she gets."it'll get worse timeAndafter,so shewhatnevermadecouldhersay,say anyshetinent; that Christ will reign at me.bigger—And

personally upon the earth; and, "What's the matter?"she dewas going to have a party. It was

lie. It a dreadful, horrible was the sharply manded from doorway. athat the earth will be renewed

lie the she told minute it she and said, Holly "Nothing,"And and receive its paradisaical glory. furtively. And after Georgia went knew God would hate her forever,

heaven. wouldn't go to things that could if Georgia happen

to school early that She'd got We Believe out she thought of all the nice and Georgia, too, and that she loved her. thing, For one Georgia

all that God has revealed, all that would hold her with smooth arms morning.

He does now reveal, and we beandAnotherpush thing,back hershehair,couldandgosing.in byeShebecausehadn'tshekissedwas tooGeorgiashy togoodhave

lieve that He will yet reveal Georgia's bedroom and get in bed begun that custom. She just said,

many great and important things with her, maybe like on Sundays. "Goodbye, Georgia,"and Georgia

pertaining to the Kingdom of And they could read the funny looked up from her grapefruit and

God."papers, and laugh. said, "Goodbye, Holly,"without

Besides, if Georgia loved her she hardly smiling, and then she said, could have parties! sort of quick, "Do you—do you

That had become an obsession have your books and everything?"

There is a timewith toher.haveNoa onepartyhadforeverHolly,had AndAnd Hollythen Georgiasaid,;'Yes."said, "Your

even Mama. But she'd been to one coat isn't buttoned right. Come

here."once, ice with cream cocoanut andMessage for You Holly went to her. She undid lots kids of cake and laughing and

in playing games, with prizes to win, all the buttons and buttoned them at Sarah's house, with Sarah's over again, and oh, she smelled

The Present Time andmamabeinggoingnicearoundto thembigall.and rosy sweeting onup herthat diamondclose. Theengagementsun shinShe didn't know when she first ring hurt Holly's eyes. She looked

the that and into glow was to a party, want but she did up

Georgia's hair that her hurt and terribly. and Prophecy beganwant one She thought

eyes, too, so she to lowered them some day one, have too. she would By JAMES H. ANDERSON crepe rose Georgia's shoulder. it Her couldn't But be until she got big

648 Pages—42 Chapters and lived in a house of her own, eyes felt wet.

An enlightening summary of a becausenever letsheherknewhave Georgiaa party. wouldFor;'Yes.""This is a nice coat. Holly."

careful historical research and one thing, Georgia kept things "I can sew, too,"Georgia said.

gospel study that will surprise picked up so, and was such a good She didn't say anything.

you. housekeeper, and parties did muss Georgia looked at her a minute.

said, quit sulking!"she "Oh, things up. Scott Richard Why,Send for your copy now. Show up. it!""I jumping can't stand a vase even had broken at Sarah's

it to your friends. They will apparty. And besides, kids made a And Holly said, "I ain't/'and

preciate it too. lot of noise, especially boys like turned red, because she hadn't

Glen and Buddy, and you simply meant to say ain't, since she was a girl better, but and knew Georgia angry. thought she wasPublishersANDTHEPROPHECYPRESENT TIME apartment.couldn't makeNota lotwithof noisecrossin oldan big

people like the Goulds living below.

P. Salt 0. City, 1392, Box Lake Utah If a lived in they the though, to school way Oi'N Deseret Co.or Book

if still felt loved her eyes she'd Georgia the and from wet house,her—oh, Please of copies send "The me all a right. nice party as bright have ring engagement Georand AsPresent Prophecy,"and Time by

see gia's hair, kids Sarah's the or could something, gold and and H, Anderson,James at per $2.50 copy

postpaid. Georgia then, with her hair the she wished terribly that whatever

color of gold wedding rings and was the matter would be remedied

Name maybe her best dress. Come to quickly, and that she was pretty

think of it, though, Georgia enough for Georgia to love her,

Address wouldn't put her best dress on for with hair that curled.

a children's party, would she? Even She wished it all the way to

if she loved Holly? Because it was school, and the wishing was like a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934 12.3

funny pain at the pit of her stomknow! And I'd be ashamed to say was because my aunt said she bet

ach. She got to school early, but my mama held me on her lap if I you and your stepmother wouldn't

Katie and Sarah and Florence were was as big as you!"get along very good together on

there earlier and playing jacks on "Does she love you?"account of your stepmother ain't

the big cement steps. "'Course!"She was frankly so crazy about kids, but gee, you

"You want to play?"they asked crying now, and she couldn't see don't need to cry, if she does love

her. why, but somehow she couldn't you!"

"Sure I do."She sat down bestop. "Oh, she does!"Holly said.

side them. tossed Florence then—""Well, slid over Florence fourth, after Katie, "You're the to bounce her jacks, out began across shoulher her put arm andthen."

ball. ders. she said. say,""Aw, "Aw, jacks?""Whose

"Sarah's."say, Holly, don't go crying. Gosh, "Only I bet,"Sarah went on,

"You playing with eighth"she we didn't say anything to hurt "that she don't do all kinds of asked. your feelings, did we?"things like having parties and "'Course,"Sarah said, very "The only thing—"Sarah said. things like that, like real mothers

casual. "Only the little kids play "You see, the reason why I ast do."

with five."

"Oh."They played silently, then, with little unskillful hands. It was

when Holly was 'on Threes in Eggsin-theBasket that Katie asked 1 lots is the Chocolate the question that started all the trouble. "Holly, she said, watching her you can depend on

to see that she didn't "stir,""Holly, are stepmothers mean?"or yholesomeness

Holly looked up, fumbled the jacks and the ball rolled away from Yor Economy her. She leaned over as far as she

could and retrieved it, her face very Vor alancedutritional red. "Are they mean. Holly?"Values

"No, they ain't!"she said.

"They are, too,"Sarah said.

"How do you know?"she asked fiercely. "Have you got one?"QmfSStXiiVLiGromdQhocolate

"Well, mosf stepmothers are mean, aren't they?"Say "Gearar-delly"Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate—the original—is

"Mine's good."to your grocer never sold in bulk or under ''private brand"labels.

"How good?"

"Well, she's—she's awfully

good.""I bet she ain't,"and "As good said.as a they real mother?"

said stoutly. The World is campus for B.Y.U. "'Course,"Holly

"Does she do lots of things for *=;. Extension Workyou?"

"'Course she does!"Wherever the mail goes there also can go

"Like what?"Youinsstriictioncan preparefromatThehomeChurchin English,University.Literbuttons and many other—she"Just like your mama does! She ature, Journalism, Art, Religion, Matliemy coat and—and niatics, Certain Sciences,Fields. like that."things

"Does she ever get mad?"The game was forgotten. Courses Begin Any Time—

;'No."University "I bet she does! I bet she don't Expert Criticism—kiss you!"Credit—

"She does, too!"

"Well, don't cry about it,"Ask About our Visual Education Service.

Katie said. Write For An Extension Catalogue.

"I'm not crying."THE EXTENSION DIVISION

"You are. What you crying

about?"Brigham Young University

"Does she hold you on her lap PROVO, UTAH like my mama does?"Sarah asked. "The Friendly School"

"No,"she don't, if you want to.

J24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934

Tt>it>%v!?r>t,tf>c.i;C>">ti.t How could Sarah know? Holly to cry in school. She swallowed

raised her head. "Why, she does, and sat up very straight.

too.""Have parties?"/ND now children

"Yep."were stringing in. Patty. Morris,

"For you?"in the seat ahead of her. Buddy.

Holly nodded. Glen. Miss Hawthorne, with a

"But I notice you ain't had any white hat and gloves, who smiled yet!"at her and at the rest and said,

to "Get ready to take your seats be- "No, but—but I'm going

gee, cause it's nearly time for the bell,"have."She gulped. Oh—oh,

that was a lie! and then took her hat off"and hung

"Aw."it in her closet and came out patting

"Yes, I am."She thought a and fluffing at her nice brown hair.

"It's moment. I'm gotomorrow yet?"Five "Did you ask Glen Sending any it. It's little girls ing to have No, it ain't. desk Holly's around

today. It's today I'm going to now.

Valefitines to have my party. This afternoon. She shook her head.

After school.""I'll ask him, then,"and Sarah

across flew to a small the room boy "It's to be by the window. going your friends "Today!"'"Aw!"They looked at her

or Loved with"Yes,"roundsheeyes.said, without daring aherparty.and theGlen!"wordsHollymade couldlittle cuts,hear

like knives, "Holly's mama's goto think at all. "At—at four

o'clock."ing to let Holly have it, and it's Ones? "Why'n't you wait till Saturafter school and everything and today?"they day!"coming?"and "Who's

of Valis the February month asked. ice cream?""With nothings sweet entines—those

all Sarah came "Oh, if you can."you kids, all back. "With ice ages of romanticists which

send to each other. "And"Why—why,Jill and Mary?"yes,"she whiscream?"Holly shetookasked.a deep breath. "With The pered. ice cream,"she said bravely.

"And Richard and Willis?""With ice cream!"Sarah called.

Improvement "And Buster and Jimmy and Florence slid into the seat beside

Glen?"her and squeezed her hand. "What

Era "'Course!"She didn't look at kind of ice cream. Holly?"

them.;;Yes,"Katie said. "Pink?"

This number IS our "This afternoonr "Uh huh,"Holly answered dulValentine to you. "In the apartment where you ly. "Pink."

live?""Or choc'lit?"somebody asked

suggest that you may We hopefully.

it to "Sure."also Valentine your make "In the apartment where you "Oh, choc'lit, too."friend, distant that absent that

son or daughter, or to that acliver "Choc'lit, too?"

quaintance to whom you wish to "Yep."''Yep."

express appreciation for some Oh, dear heaven, it was a terrible "Golly,"Richard said. "Two favor.

If you will furnis-h names and thing to have done! She could kinds."

addresses and will inclose 20c almost see the lie. It floated all She smiled at them all, her head

for each magazine you wish sent around her, in the air, like a ghost. high. "Yep,"she said distinctly,

out, to will mail any them we felt ice cream. knees kinds of shaky and her stomHer "two And/'

in city without North America felt like the paused, Christmas ach of when she "and two kinds cost trouble to further or you and will place your name on she ate too many chocolates. cake."

the magazine in children we the "Gollly!"were There many as sender-—or

."will the to you, magazines send school got and She up yard now. "Cocoanut and—and—in a envelope, for separate each

said, turn,"take helped "Let "Fudge cake!"somebody Mary my mail. to you

Or, of course, you may make and went to the cloak room. She her.

this number as the forerunner took her coat ofl, and her hat, and "Fudge cake,"she finished and of of others sent eleven a series up. then geography. took out her she went them hung And

if inclose will anywhere the you school and bare it was! into the big There room The only amazprice regular of a subscription

—$2. sat down in her seat in the third ing thing about it all was that God

We remember the time when row. didn't send a great big angel with

we have paid more than $2 for She stared at the row of numbers a sword, or come Himself, to kill a single creation of celluloid and across the board. Four and seven her dead right there in the secondlace.

times eleven. Eight room. were six—grade Address Georgia would There it was. There was the very terribly How

The Improvement Era hate her now! She put her head whole dreadful, horrible lie. And

50 North Main St. down on the desk. Three and it was said, and she couldn't take

. Salt it ever. again. cry Lake City, Utah would nobody back She mustn't And nine—

it, either, big ever forget too about and school. in She was it..eis<.v5.tv.i Not

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934 25

they'd point their fingers at her, then, cruelly, because she felt hurt. away. She wondered vaguely if

and they wouldn't like her any- "You are sulking!"she would sleep in her little bed

more and oh, what would Georgia Holly didn't answer. and if Daddy would want to kiss

say when all those kids clattered up Holly could hear the click of her her, ever again, when he knew.

the stairs? tall heels going into the kitchen. At the table Daddy talked very

She opened the geography and She leaned against the tub. What much to Georgia about the office

the words squirmed before her eyes. a terrible world to live in and how and deals. Holly could hardly eat

She was too wicked to live, and if things did twist and get away from anything at all.

she died she would not go to you, and you couldn't do anything "Eat your bread and butter, heaven. about it! She thought she could Holly,"Daddy said at last, "and

"You got a new dress to wear?"bear most things, could get along your soup. Don't you like tomato

Florence whispered when they sat all right, if Georgia loved her. But soup?"

together for singing. Georgia didn't, and things were all "Yes,"she said.

She shook her head. mixed up and they would never be "Well, eat it, then."

"/have. Yellow."straight again, she could see that. She stared at him, and her eyes

"You going to wear it?"Holly The evening seemed very far got tears in them that she couldn't

whispered. "'Course."

"My mama,"Holly heard herself saying, and was appalled to find the words making another lie, FLEISCHMANNS YEASTCONTAINING to her best dress. wear "is going

BC-D slippers. w satinBlue. With <0 VITAMINSAtJpCtHIAlOSIAPtOCAflOUP With

high heels."

"Gee."It would hurt Florence very terribly when she found out there wasn't going to be any party. It

would hurt all of them, now that she'd told them about the ice cream Want to Enjoy Perfect Health?and everything.

If she could only stop living and If you get up in the morning feeling tired and cross; if your appetite is poor; your comdie and step across to heaven! plexion bad; your stomach easily upset—cheer up

cases, majority of ailments In the vast such as her tongue throat ached these—indigestion, and Her

constipatiojn, fatigue, evil due to a commonplace you can easily eyes her felt thick. rise sluggish,headaches—aredoctorsuncleanhaveconditionfound were correct.intestinal intestinal a from tract. your of They And now

fosters secretion regularly, digestive Fleischmann's Yeast of juices Eaten at; strengthens looked wet again like when she

; iptestines corrects cleanses these ailments the stomach and and and natural by means. in the ring engagementGeorgia's

diet. regular Fleischmann's to your daily, Yeast Eat cakes two Add one upon

othersun. the arising, upon retiring—just plain or dissolved in a third glass of water, or any other

you like. way

OHE knew, the minute EAT FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST FOR PERFECT HEALTH she stepped in the apartment at noon, that she couldn't tell Georgia couldn't She she had done.what

it, Mi M own Ptm at all about tell her anything or Daddy either, or anybody, because it was too awful, and so she just took her coat off and went and Salt Lake Gity's Newest Popular Hotel washed her hands and face.

Georgia called, "Hello,"from the bedroom. And she said, "Hello,"in a tight HOTEL

little voice. She could see Georgia

powdering her nose, and she had a little apron on over her dark silk TEMPLE suit. Georgia came and stood for

an instant in the doorway. "I'm going out after lunch, Holly,"she SQUARE

said. "But I'll be here when you 200 Rooms each with

get home from school."Tile Bath

Holly nodded wordlessly. She'd Rates

hoped that Georgia wouldn't be home, and then she could meet all $1.50 to $4.00

of the kids and tell them—oh, Radio Connections for

something. And send them away Every Room

before Georgia got back. "You

don't need to come home!"she Opposite Great Mormon Temple

finally. "Early, I ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager."burstmean—out

"Still sulking?"Georgia asked,

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934

wink back and her throat got "No, she didn't. She just told

tighter and tighter, and the tears me to ast you."

went rushing down her cheeks and "Oh, yes. Well, let's see."She

then she sobbed. went on marking the morning's

''At twothirty? "Why, kid.''Daddy said, and arithmetic papers.

looked funny. "Come here. Why, Why, I guess you can go. YouOrinting kid, what's the matter?"haven't been absent a single day

She just sat there, and kept on this year, though, have you?"

crying and wiped at her tears with Holly shook her head and fled to has been called "the art her napkin. her seat.

lie preservative of all arts.""Don't cry,"Georgia said. There was another lie. A

Daddy looked at Georgia. to dear, good Miss Hawthorne.

"What's she crying about?"he She could see no way out now, no

Through the printer's craft asked helplessly. light,endlessnessnothing.stretchingJust darkness.ahead withJust

the wisdom, and the art of "How should I know?"Georgia no happiness anywhere, and always

said. the ages have been pre- a little pain at the pit of her stomlies, to telling and finally she hurt or anyach from "Is she—is served and disseminated. thing?"die, heaven. Because go to and not

"I don't know,"Georgia said. of course God hated her now. And

"But I do know she's sulked and Georgia didn't love her anyway. It

Have you considered how been sullen every minute since I was a sad, dreadful, terrible world.

you, too, can use this mighty came here, and I can't stand it!"At twothirty she put her book

force to m.ake your tasks She got up, her eyes flashing and in the desk and got up, and Miss

easier, or to broaden the cirher cheeks very pink. "She just Hawthorne nodded to her smilingsulks and sulks."ly from the desk, and then she went cle of your influence.

"What's the matter with you, and got her coat.

Holly? Haven't we—haven't It was very quiet and queer outUse More Georgia"Yes,"andHollyI beensaid.nice to you?"sideing terriblyof school.bright,The butsun wasthe windshinPrinting "Then"I wantwhat'sto die!"matter?"bedwas againstcool. Littleeach othernew andleavesmaderub-a

And then Daddy laughed a little. swishing sound like organdie

He came across and kissed her on dresses in dancing class. She walked

the cheek. "I suspect you've had along very slowly with her eyes

a little too much school,"he said, straight ahead. She could hear a

"but listen. Holly, it'll be done in lawn mower clicking and a little

a week or so and then you'll have dog stood back of a gate and barked to play in!"at her. summer wholeIj the She didn't know where to go, or tried to smile. She

"Everything all okay now, what to do. She hoped that a car

kid?"would come and run over her, but

she crossed the street she i She nodded. when

PRINTERS, BINDERS, looked both ways and went careRULERS Everybody, it offully.dyingItbecausefrightenedshe washer scaredto thinkof

29 Richards Street seemed, could come to the party. God now that she'd lied so.

Katie and Sarah and Florence and She just kept on walking and

Salt Lake City, Utah Jill and Mary. And Richard and walking,

Willis and Buster and Jimmy and

Glen. They'd asked their mothers. OHE walked a very long

Everybody would wear their best way, and sometimes she looked, in clothes. and looked and windows It would be very wonstore BE INDEPENDENT feed store winderful. looked, and in the

N Otber Vocati<m So Profitftbl*! She felt sicker and sicker, with dow where there were puppies she

ENROLL NOW For a Oomplate Coarse at the shaky knees and a stomach that felt forgot all about everything and like Christmas when she ate too watched them playing together.

Qiish School of Beauty Culture many chocolates, only that was They were the littlest puppies she'd

The Best in the Wect funny because she hadn't eaten ever seen, with big eyes and tongues 804-9 Bars Thompeon Bldg. hardly anything. the color of roses. She knew they

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH She found herself walking up to would feel soft as satin, and warm.

For Farther Information Miss Hawthorne and saying, "My When they tumbled over each other and Catalog Call mother wants to know if I can she laughed and laughed, and then

Wasatch 7560 or come home early. At twothirty."she tapped on the glass and they

Fill in Thk Miss Hawthorne said, "Your made little rushes at her fingers.

Coupon mother, yes. Oh, yes. That's She felt very happy looking at

your stepmother, isn't it?"them, and then she remembered

"Yes."about everything and went walking

"Did she write a note?"on, hurting inside.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY. 1934 [127

She hurt most going past a bakery window, with beautiful sweet brown smells floating all over, because there was a big cocoanut cake in the very middle of the iSoclatty Cyorred andAlways Appropriate window. It wasn't because she

was hungry. She knew in her

heart that she would never be able to eat cocoanut cake again, or fudge cake, either, or ice cream or anything.

She thought she would just keep on walking and pretty soon when it got darkish maybe she would go back, and slip in the apartment easy, and go to bed. But no.

Daddy would want to talk to her about lying. He would make her

stand up in front of him and talk pretty loud. He would say that

she was a dreadful little girl, and

Georgia would sit in the big chair with the light shining all over her and look at her and think she was ugly.

Maybe she wouldn't go back at all. She knew how very terribly

frightened she would be of the dark, but she didn't care.

She heard a clock strike four, and she knew that Katie and Sarah and

Florence Jill and Mary and and and (congratulations by ostal Lelegraph Willis and BusterRichard andJimmy and Glen all those kids—

had clattered up the stairs, in their best clothes, so very noisy, expecting two kinds of ice cream and Whether it be to the happy mother and cocoanut cake and fudge cake, and proud father of the baby just arrived... or

had knocked at the door of the apartment. She could see how to someone whose birthday it is today...

Georgia would come to the door. or to the joyful couple just married... or

Georgia would be so surprised.

She would say, "Whatever do you to dear friends who are celebrating their want?"wedding anniversary—the congratulatory

And they'd tell her they had come to Holly's party. telegram* is always appropriate and appreAnd she'd say, "What party?"ciated. Moreover it is extremely easy to send

say, the they'd "Why, And of a telegram—just go to your telephone, ask kinds today.party two With

ice cream."the operator for Postal Telegraph, and dicsay, "Yes, Florence would And tate your message—the charges will appear heels on, high with blueand you

like she said, and a long dress."on your regular telephone bill.

And Georgia would say, "There lied. party. I wouldn't Hollyis no

children. Congratulatory telegrams are delivered on specially designed blanks in special envelopes. dress bestput on for my

You have to go now, and go quietlydown the stairs because there are THE INTERNATIONAL SYSTEM some old people below who don't want any noise."

at each other, they'd look And go. Tostat Telegraph they'd then know.and And

And they'd hate her forever, and

Ccmmercial QUQmericacall her a liar, and—why, they

wouldn't play jacks with her any CahUs Cables more or anything. And Miss Hawthorne might send her to the PrinWackay Radio

cipal when she found out, and that 28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. FEBRUARY, 1934

was about the worst thing that ever "She didn't have it on when we dress for you yesterday and finished could happen to you. came,"Florence told her pleasantly. it this morning. It was a good

But the kids would all get to see "The dress you said, or the shoes. thing, too, wasn't it? It fits you

Georgia anyhow. That was one But when we told her she went and nice. You don't hate me, do you?"

good thing. They'd see that Holly changed and she said she didn't And then she knelt down, and

had the prettiest stepmother in the expect us kids so early."Holly was in her arms, and she said,

whole world. They'd see her yelFrom under her lashes Holly "You weren't sulking, and it was

low hair and her pretty neck and saw that Georgia did have her best me, and I didn't know. But I do

her big eyes that were the color of dress on, and earrings that glittered, now, honey."

blue bachellor buttons. It couldn't and oh, she looked so beautiful! "Oh, no,"Holly said, clinging

be, of course, but if only something Georgia said, "Hello, honey. to her (and oh, she smelled like

had come up so that Georgia would The errand must have taken longer lilacs and her hair felt like silk have had her best dress on when than we expected."threads) "it was me. You're pretshe went to the door, fluttering Her voice was so sweet, and so tier than fairies or angels, and I

bright blue, and as soft as air, with warm. And then Georgia came to love you!"

her highheeled satin slippers that her and slipped her arm about her Georgia straightened up. "We

exactly matched. That would neck. "You must excuse Holly,"can't stand here like this, you.

show them something! she said to them, "for a minute. We've got a party on, we women.

Because she's going to run into the Come on out in the kitchen. At

dress."change her stopand she bedroom of the the door bedroom or two A HUNDRED care didn't call better But they anyway, ped. "You'd me Mashehundred hours went by and

found her way somehow back to because Mr. Gould was teaching ma,"she said.

her own street. The town clock them a new game called "Whisper.""They think I do anyway."

said five. They would all be gone. "You're just ready to cry, aren't "Everything all okay?"

It wasn't quite dark and she you, little kid?"Georgia said. "Oh, okay!"

thought she'd slip in, quiet as a "Well, don't. Because everything's In the kitchen Mrs. Gould stood

mouse. If Georgia was out in the okay, and you ought to be terribly in the big apron and fixed plates.

kitchen it would be easy. She'd happy, because I am.""Hello, Holly,"she said. "You

thought she'd never go home again, And Holly said, "Oh, Georgia,"surprised? Your Mom came down

but she couldn't seem to think what and nothing else, because there and asked me and Pa to come to else to do. Maybe Daddy would wasn't anything, really, to say, your party."Holly nodded, with

have to stay at his office tonight. right then, though she was so sudwide eyes.

She desperately hoped so. denly terribly happy that it seemed Almost fearfully, then, she

Her heart pounded very fast goas though she would die. looked at the plates. She blinked.

ing up the stairs and her knees felt "Look on the bed, baby,"Pink ice cream. Choclit ice

shakier and shakier. Maybe the Georgia said, beautifully. "I made cream. Cocoanut cake. Fudge

kids had clattered so that the it for you."cake. Dear heaven!

Goulds would tell somebody who'd It was a white dress, with ruffles, "How did you know?"she murmake them move and that would and a little lace collar. mured, awed.

make Georgia very disgusted and There was no time to ask how Georgia laughed. "They told

angry because she said once to it all came about. It just was, me, different ones, before they evenDaddy that she loved this apartthat 's all. It gloriously was—like got sat down. All together, with

ment. the puppies, and sunshine, and one breath. I telephoned and got

She leaned against the wall for Christmas. the things."

a minute at the top of the stairs, She could only look and look at and then she drew a deep breath vjtEORGIA was saying Mama. Maybe God hated her for

and marched straight to the door, words now, while she helped her lying (but Georgia loved her, and opened it, and walked in. dress. "Don't cry. There isn't Georgia loved her!) only, listen,

she'd explain when she said And there—sat Katie and Sarah anything to cry about. There was tonight

and Florence and Jill and Mary before, but there isn't now. You her prayers, all about the lies. Still

lie, I suddenly—why there was just oneand Willis and Richard and Buster see how it was—well,

and Jimmy and Glen playing saw. It was like a light or somereally. The lie to Miss HawRing on a String! She just stared thing. Things they said. They thorne, and that didn't seem so very

at them. They didn't pay much told me, see? All those noisy terrible. The other things were

attention to her, though, just nodsweet kids—-all the things you true. Every single thing she'd told

ded and laughed, they were so should have told me, and didn't. them was true. It hadn't been,

busy. In the corner of the sofa But it's all right now. I changed then, but it was now. The party,

sat Mr. Gould—old cross Mr. my dress. Oh, darling!"and the eats, and Mama's dress.Gould, imagine!—and he was Holly looked up for a moment God must have managed, with

playing, too, and laughing. to see that Georgia's eyes had tears Mama, and it had come about,

"Where you been?"Florence in them as bright as the earrings. some beautiful way, and was.

called from where she sat, a little "They thought we'd planned it Mama came and thrust a pile of fat girl in a new yellow dress. together. I didn't let you down, pink paper napkins into her hands.

Holly wet her lips. "I—I—."baby. They thought we'd planned Mama said, "Pass these and tell

And then Holly looked up and it, you and me. We will next those kids to calm down because

saw Georgia. Georgia was leaning time. A big party that you'll we're going to eat, "and then she

against the door that went into the love."She went brushing at bent and gave Holly a silly quick

kitchen, smiling at her. Georgia Holly's hair. "Oh, it's so pretty, wonderful kiss that landed on the

winked. honey, your hair. I made this end of her nose!

jrsK\sxj sxfs(3\xy>Ji

THE COVER "P. S. I forgot to say I certainly enjoy 'Your Page and

if Ours,'very to and I'm anxious Bess Foster Smith know is title the might whichT VALENTINE"A MAKES OVE is L. an S."D.'—'little this doesn't cover to the month. given Eros be The are of that the opinion Mrs. is not Smith We

a subscribers. valentine to to all he our send makesbuy, With of Church, our although mistaken. be we have may a Wemember scissors, his paste his his he putshis paintpot, and hammer, the lady find interesting. her to be met decidedly and

finest to the of his idea to worthwhile somethingtogether send group of people in all the world—scattered practically all over WE LIKED IT, TOOthe world.

Rachel by Grant the poem Taylor in the No- T LOVED it; pasted painted he cut his and heart from cardboard He

a Salt writes vember Era,"Lady. Lake in to L tacked orderto them it wooden letters—"E R A,"and

firmlyhold them secured a cake; thenbox.hePresto!pasted themThereallwasuponthe avalentinenapkin heto THE ERA SURPRISED THIS MONTANAN from

cover, the illustrations, general neatness of and the yHEyou greatly Improvement Era impress '- The and many meboard.I Cupid,An actualhimself,little wasquivercut madefrom ofa piecepaper offilledordinarywith actualcardlittle arrows made from matches was swung over his shoulder. friends who have seen the magazine act quite amazed at the

An actual piece of red silk ribbon was tied around the high quality expressed by a magazine with which they are little figure. Of course, the entire design was made by Paul so little acquainted,"writes a contributor from Absorakee,

Clowes, and all of the figures were made by him and then Montana.

is in the only paintmgphotographed. found brushwork The

the of pot. of the paint Even BUT IT'S ACTION THAT PLEASES THE WORLDof the red heart and red on top

the shadows are actual shadows made upon the photographic MOST p'ate by actual shadows. When you read the article, poem, yHE last criticism which you gave the writing I sent you,"

'- says a letter from southern Utah, "was just the least bitor story in the magazine which you like best—take that to

be our special message to you. severe, but that is exactly what I want. That is what will

help me, and it also gives me a chance to compare my ideasTHIS GERMAN MISSIONARY WARMED OUR HEARTS with your own.

TT would be a shame to send in my results to the 'Tounda- "The last story you said was too subjective. Maybe it

'tions For Happiness'contest without dropping you a line to was. But I do so love the subjective. I love to wonder and

thank you and your coworkers for the inspiration which also to depict how external stimuli affects man mentally.

fills the Era each month. I am now waiting patiently for It is the internal workings of man's mind that interests me,

the November number so that I can further my interest in and I do so like to describe that condition minutely,"the magazine. It is truly a wonderful publication for the We rather like a story teller to show by a man's behaviormissionaries, for it helps us considerably, giving us the what he is—what he is thinking. We must catch our

newest in a very desirable manner. To say that I enjoyed younger readers with our fiction.

one section more than another would be unjust, for they f i i all go together to make up a magazine for every mood."Spanish Fork, Utah

Every subscriber may rejoice a little at that word of November 7, 1933.

appreciation, for every subscriber contributes a little toward Dear Editor:

sending the magazine free to the young men and young "PHE first thing I saw in the November issue of the Era was women who are contributing their time and money to the Mabel Frazier's picture, "The Furrow."

cause. This picture is so unreal and stilted that I could hardly

persuade myself read contents the to the of volume. LIKES LIKES, THIS SHE LADY WHAT

distress Farmers have to to enough without having hang THAT'S THAT AND vertical a this in handlebars position in walk and shown it stories late choice state "writes of to too poems and my scene. that should afraid good farmer be to walk WhyIS

lies a Boise, choice Idaho. lady from of poems in "My could possibly he the furrow? in keep the plow How

Detween 'Amethyst'and 'Sons,'with perhaps a slight leaning the ground and walk far to the side in that awkward toward 'Amethyst.''Old Shep'is my choice of stories. I position? Is it in order to allow the gulls to get undicr

think Ardyth Kennelly shows more talent than the average the plowshare and catch the insects before they are exposed like sugar- I don't to the air?

start with at thecoated work—yet.have my aloes The gulls in this region are not so uncouth as to crowdbut I don'tpills—wouldcare for ratherher

meaty kernels to chew over. With our distinctive back- a farmer out of the furrow, as the Frazier gulls are doing

ground and unusually cultural pattern it beats me that our in the said picture.

writers will spend their time writing standardized fairy tales. Then, too, the horse on the off side is compelled to walk

That is why I like 'Old Shep.'It is more than the story of on the soft plowed land. AH the teamsters on a dry farm

a family must our (?) could life. Why not persuade a farm horse to resort to such unorthodox is life—Mormon dog—it

village life bestandards and put before the world by such conduct.

as Vardis Fisher? If I ever acquire the abilities of a writer I would rename the picture. Row Furrows Should Not Be

I shall write of our people as they are, faults and virtues. Made.

"I don't like the story running in the Era now, but the Sincerely, young folks do. My girls and the girls I teach are very E. Cecil McGavin.

positive on the subject of romance so I guess it has a place in the Era since there is no other publication for our Juniors and AH! A NOTE FROM KONIGSBERG, PRUSSIA

I likeGleaners. tempered with sense. Personally romance my

inso full a magazine of invaluable is writers to develop doing "I think our Era much subjects and T'HAVEformationneverand foundtreating with such so many various it forth will instrumental in bringing beperhaps sometime greatthe novel. friend is not an who Mormon A L. welcometact and clearnessin this faras offThelandImprovementacross the Era.water."I bid it a special fine S. should said to me, churchD. have 'Your some

fine help in magazines.'such have your We NOW WE ALL HAVE A FAVORITE TOPIC, DON'T WE? the Era. its church without Withoutwriters—youwouldn't try to do

value it is the finest magazine I read ancl I read plenty. T HAVE enjoyed the November Era very much,"writes a

Thank goodness we don't have to read conference sermons J- friend of the magazine from Ogden, "and my husband in it any more. A year or two ago I thought it was and our older children were all very much impressed with

decidedly a man's magazine, but it has improved in that line. that clever little piece of psychology, embodied in poetic

Anyway it would be hard to find a better one. form, and entitled, 'The Favorite Topic'."

our

J

.','>'V A Valentine's a pretfy thing, It points in Love's direction;

But there's no Love that can compare

With dayby-day Protection.

So build a barricade around Your Loved Ones while you can And satisfaction will abound Adopt The BENEFICIAL Plan!.

m.) The true love of a devoted husband and father causes him to consider his loved ones first of all and above all. Often he values his life insurance solely in terms of protection for them, overlooking the fact that it provides also a savings account that becomes an Income for him at old age.

A Beneficial Life Policy is an everlasting, outstanding Valentine that carries on even though you may not live to do so.

MTOIJIlUJUaSHttBU'WHfclW

Directors heber j.grant

A.W.IVIN9 J.RUBEN CLARK. J

GEO. J. CANNON

B.F.GRANT JOS. F.SMITH

E.T.RALPHS OAVID O. MCKAY

A.a.C.OHLSON

h\—

E. T. RALPHS GENERAL MANAGER

THE SAFE—SYSTEMATIC SAVINGS PLAN WITH UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES