The Improvement Era January 196k

Br

ATTENTION: Returning servicemen

Released missionaries

Midyear high school graduates

You can gain a full semester of college this school year

Plan NOW to register at BYU Feb. 3, 4, 1964

Much is expected of young men and women for the rest of his life. The wise student will get

today, but in all of their activity those who are the BONUS education of a GREAT Church uniqualified should never lose sight of the goal of versity with all of the advantages of a big a college education. The moral fiber and brainuniversity yet all the friendliness of a small

power of its people are the strength of the nation college.

today, and it is to those who are trained that BYU is one of the world's great universities. It

the future belongs. provides top training in 60 departments of 1

Helping the student to achieve these goals is colleges, staffed by an outstanding faculty the role of the university. It also will determine trained in a hundred universities and colleges,

his career, friends, outlook, and economic status and using finest facilities on a beautiful, new campus. BYU students are in demand because

CLIP AND MAIL of this superior education. Here they receive

balanced academic, physical, and spiritual eduTO: cation in an ideal social climate.

University Relations Division Enjoy these advantages. Plan NOW to attend

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah second semester. Be sure to call or write immediately for admission or readmission.

Please send me free of charge additional information about

BYU. I am especially interested in

Brigham Young

Name

Address UNIVERSITY

City State

Exploring Start the the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr. New

Year

GREATEST SNOWFALL

The greatest snowfall in one season Right in the 50 United States was recorded at Paradise Ranger Station on the southern slope of Mt. Rainier, Washington, in 195556, with 1,000 inches.

Weatherwise also reports that at

Silver Lake, Colorado, a snowfall of 87 inches fell in 27.5 hours on April 1415, 1921 at 10,220 feet elevation. with aMOON INFLUENCES GAS

The influences of the moon and planets on the earth are quite small except for gravitation effects. Recently E. K. Bigg of Australia has

noticed that there is a decrease in the frequency of magnetic stormsat new moon. He has shown that CLOWSDRYER

positionthe of the moon at these and enjoy perfect clothes dryingtimes is important and suggested influencethat Venus and Mercury their inperformance 365 days a year near disturbancesmagnetic ferior conjunctions when they are on the same side of the sun as the earth. Temperatures are accurately controlled

AWAY FROM LIVING CELL No expensive heating elements to costly maintenanceResearch at Utah State University replace—no

has demonstrated that for the first It's thrifty, too—time virus synthesis can take place Lasts longer.

away from a living cell. The biocosts less to operate

chemistry of virus formation can now be studied under simpler, conDependable—clean, quick drying

trolled conditions than when in a living cell. Buy from your

NEW COMPOSER GAS APPLIANCE DEALER

Work at the Bell Telephone Laboratories has found that a computer can be programmed to play "instruGas is Best for Clothes Drying mental"music, either by aiding the composer or to compose without assistance. Computer music appears tobe of promise technically but it is felt OUNTAIN FUEL

that the method will only become imSUPPLY COMPANY portant if used by serious composers.

JANUARY 1964 T

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for January 1964 Volume 67. Number 1

Church Features

The Editor's Page: "Life Eternal,"President David O. McKay 12 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

8 Art: Ed Maryon

Your Question: "The Priesthood of John the Baptist,"1516 Art:Photo:DaleErnstKilbournWittke

President Joseph Fielding Smith - 14 17 Photos: R.SavageA. Lewis,& Ottinger,New York Salt

The Church Moves On, 4; Melchizedek Priesthood, 44; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 46. MobusVollenveider,Lake City Zurich

18 Photos: Thomas Studio, Salt Lake

City Sainsbury & Johnson, Salt Special Features LorinLakeWigginsCity 19 Photo: Ralph Reynolds

A Scholar, A Gentle Man, President Levi Edgar Young, S. Dilworth Young 16 212223 Art:Art:DaleTedKilbournNagata

2627 Art: Dale Kilbourn

Notes on Living, Grant Madison.. 24 3032 Art:Photos:TedDoyleNagataL. Green

Filling the Void, Stephen R. Covey 26 3544 Photo:Photo: RalphErnst WittkeReynolds

48 Art: Dave Burton

Genealogy: Pertinent Questions Answered - 28 5259 Art:Art: PhyllisVirginiaLuchSargent

Falls Ruiz, Castro ValThe Function of Counselors, David H. Yarn, Jr 30 6062 Photos: StakerCharles Studios, Idaho

Except the Lord Build the House, Gordon B. Hinckley 32 Othersley, Californiaunknown

62 Photos: Charles Ruiz

Let's Study the Twentieth Century, James B. Allen 34 UtahtensionStateServiceUniversity ExThe Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 37, 38, 40 6566 Photos:OthersThe unknownAvalanche Journal,

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 1; Letters and Reports, 10; These Times: The ElderFrenchKeithEastJ. MissionClayton,

American Presidency 1964, G, Homer Durham, 8. Maxwell, Englewood,

Colorado Others unknown 6869 Art: Virginia Sargent

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor 71 Photos: Dean Pierpont

Think up New Project 48 AllReynoldsother artStudioand photos by Ralph

Are Your Children Respectful? Patrecia Velarde 52

The Era of Youth 57

The Last Word 72

Stories, Poetry

HeWho-WillBe-Chief, Jay Ellis Ransom...., 21

Poetry..... 23, 36,53, 55

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah the cover chill early of winter an The Zobell, Editor; Associate Albert Managing Editor; Josefhson, Mananine. L. Mahba Editors; Green, Doyle Evans, Richard and DaO. Editor; B. Today's Pinnock, because MarionL. Family cold Associates; not Editorial FlorenceC. D. Hanks,Jh., morning—really Higgins, Larsen, Donna Ahlene McKayEditor; Carter Research

Studio. Direction: Reynolds Art Editor; Ralph Associate Youth trees, Era The shore Editor; boats, Cannon, the of wear and E.ElaineGrant,L. Youth The Era of

Editors. Contributing N. A. Gardiner, Tanner, Eldon Sperry, Alma B. Nibley, Sidney S. light of Harris, the blanket a Hugh only Franklin G. warming Durham, Homer

Subscription Snarh, A. Business Manager; F. Glen Scott, S. General Associate Manager; Verl Jacobsen, is Jr.,Florence Manager; General Smith, reminder Jr., the a Carlos G. water and snow,

Director. Advertising Evans, Director; Thayer in soon of times to the come good

that spring. transparency the The rights of Latterday of Christ of Jesus Associations Church The Inc., Improvement published and Funds, 1963 Copyright by Mutual cover our January becomes the to yearSaints. year, a addedAll $2.50 succeeding $8.25; each by the Mutualsubscriptions, $5.75; 2 years, 3 years, multiple in year, advance; a price, reserved. Subscription $3.00

Bill Ratcliffe of hasis the work who price. three year

section act in 1103, it for of at postage provided special rate titled for mailing at the matter. Acceptance mouth "Winter as secondclass City, Office, Salt at Utah the Post Lake Entered

1918. 2, authorized 1917, October of River,"July Utah. Provo of 2e of at the rate for are paid on acceptance Manuscripts contributions. welcomes for manuscripts but unsolicited is responsible not Era Improvement The

return. for delivery sufficient and postage be accompanied by a must and word in full color Lithographed Cover Address of the magazine. recent issue a slip from include address please change, a is of address. for change required notice days'Thirty When

Deseret News Press is by included. the as well as address old neworderingone unless the changes cannot be made

Lively and inspirational books for 1964. Quality reading that

will enrich and broaden your religious understanding. See and

, bftSi> buy these choice works of literature at Deseret Book.

rfe Latter day Prophets 3ti$ting

Second

gtern9 m**00*

2 THERE STOOD I - LOOKING! byS.Diiworth Young

Elder Young has drawn on his wide experience of life as the source of inspiration for this delicate and personal volume of favorite poems. $1.50

3 LATTERDAY PROPHETS AND THE DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS

ANSWERS TO GOSPEL Volume II Sections 42 to 76 by Roy W. Doxey

QUESTIONS -Volume IV An amazing and enlightening volume that is a worthy successor to the very popular by President Joseph Fielding Smith Volume I. Elder Doxey is Associate Professor of Religion and Chairman of the DepartThe most recent of President Joseph ment of Undergraduate Studies in the College of Religious Instruction at Brigham Young

Fielding Smith's invaluable referUniversity. Fascinating insight into latterday prophecy. $3.95

ence works compiled from his Im- 4 FASTINGTHE SECOND STEP TO ETERNAL LIFE byAianP.joLon

provement Era columns. The probAn illuminating treatment of the history, purpose and results of fasting. A choice addilems that interest you can be found

tion to everv library. $2.75

in this series, examined and explained in President Smith's authoritative style.

fSs 5 $2.75 Other volumes, I, II, III also $2.75 AT TH E F U NTA I N by men l. Zobeii, jr.

tJ/ A scintillating little volume of inspiring thoughts—true gems

of expression that convey many of the feelings we have often

In,'%% experienced, and to which we had wished we could give voice!

AtThe $1.00

umv i.zcBiu.

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed please find fj check fj money order fj I

have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $ ttesmt COMPANY Book 3 4 5

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE MALL for encircled numbered books. 12 AND AT COTTONWOOD

CITY SALT LAKE BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Nar

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Address.

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 3'/2% sales tax.. )

THIS VALUABLE

BOOKLET GIVEN

The OPPORTUNITIES IN TO PEOPLE WHO ACCOUNTING WANT TO EARN Church Moves

MONEY IN AN On Accounting Career La Salle will train you in your spare time OCTOBER 1963

The demand for trained Accountants far the supply. Salaries exceeds are at an alltime

high. Accountingtrained men move up to An early morning church welfare meeting convened in the

big positions in business. distinLaSalle's of the conference. part Hall as Assembly

guished faculty prepares you in your of sessions continued in the Salt Lake the conference spare General time at home. actual work with AccountYou

ing acquire problems, real experience. this morning Tabernacle and afternoon.

Thorough, in quick enjoyable—and session of the general conference the priesthood This evening results. report Manypractical,students up pay to 56%

increases training. even completing before lesson. convened in the Tabernacle. More than 370 gatherings of priestfor free booklet Mail coupon and sample

hood bearers heard this session of conference by direct telephone

La Salle Extension University wire in chapels and church buildings from coast to coast. It is

A Correspondence Institution estimated that some eighty thousand men and boys participated 417 S. Dearborn St., Dept. 25121, Chicago 5, III. in this session this way.

booklet Please send free "Opportunities in Additional missionary reunions were held, following priestinteresting Accounting"and sample lesson.

hood meeting.

Name Age I Address Speaking to the subject "Except the Lord Build the House

City&.... I They Labour in Vain,"Elder Gordon B. Hinckley of the Coun-I Zone

of the radioIthe audience cil of the addressed nationwide Twelve

System. of the Broadcasting the Air"Columbia g County State "Church program of

conference. general of the This the concluding day More was

States stations in television the United 160 and and CanadaNO RISK! than( See page 32.

YOUR GROUP CAN RAISE $100 TO approximately 30 radio stations broadcast parts of this conference.

WRUL, a shortwave station, broadcast the conference to various $2500 IN 4 T0 15 DAYS WITHOUT RISK parts of the world in English and Spanish and for the first time

OR INVESTMENT THROUGH MASON'S in German and Portuguese. The day was concluded with the semiannual conference of

PROTECTED FUND RAISING PLAN the Deseret Sunday School Union held in the Tabernacle.

Thousands of groups throughout the country have successfully conducted famous At the weekly meeting of the First Presidency and the CounMASON PROTECTED FUNDRAISING DRIVES, m cil of the Twelve in the Salt Lake Temple, President David raising money quickly and completely with- O. McKay set President Hugh B. Brown apart as First Counselor

out risk or investment. We supply a choice and President Nathan Eldon Tanner as Second Counselor.

of topquality mason candies, beautifully President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve boxed. At no charge to you, each package ordained Elder Thomas Spencer Monson an apostle.

has an attractive, printed band, bearing your organization's name, picture and slogan. We even prepay shipping charges! You Elder Edwin S. Lamm sustained as president of Grand Juncmake a big net profit of 66%% (400 on tion ( Colorado ) Stake with Elders Read L. Black and Douglas

every box that costs you 600) and you pay W. Cleghorn as counselors. President Lamm and Elder Black were

nothing until after your drive is over. counselors to President Lark L. Washburn who was released.

Anything remaining unsold may be returned for full credit. For complete inforThe First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

mation without obligation, write us or fill as Mission, president of Finnish the Asplund John Malcolm in the coupon below. call the Anderson. President succeeding time of this At Mark E.

President Asplund is serving as bishop of the University Ward,

I Mr. Dept. RAUSCH, GEORGE 978 I Edmonton (Alberta) Stake. He served as a missionary in Finland Mineola, N. Y. Mason, Box 800,

obligaPlease send me, without Gentlemen:

tion, information Planfrom 1951 to 1954. Accompanying him now to his field of labor your Raising on Fund

I Age will be his wife Patricia Havens Asplund and their four children.

Name (If under 21) It was announced that Mrs. Leta C. Pugh, Mrs. Jean A. Allen,

I Organization. and Mrs. Afton G. Affleck, all of Salt Lake City, had received calls

Street Address to the general board of the Young Women's Mutual Improve- | City State. ment Association.

How many members PhoneMason Candies, Inc., Mineola, L. I., N. Y,

JUST OFF THE PRESS

1. The Problems of the Book of Mormon

By Sidney B. Sperry

Attempts by outsiders to disclaim the divine nature of the Book of Mormon are carefully researched and examined by Dr. Sperry in this

scholarly work. Such so called "weaknesses"as

the "Isaiah problem,""The Shakespeare quotaB00K0F tion"and many other purported criticisms, are completely explained away.

$3.25

'2. Deluxe 6. Sounding Brass

Binder By Hugh B. Nibley

I The finest Book of Re- A masterful expose of the book "The 27th j membrance made. Wife."

Tough fabricoid cover o $3.50

for lifetime of service.

$5.50 7. FaithWorks

By Mark E. Petersen

Genealogical Research in England and Wales

By Frank Smith and David Gardner Poignant, hardhitting- editorials which have 3. Vol 1 4. Vol. 2 inspired thousands when printed in the

For the beginner as well as the professional. Tells what sources Church section of the Deseret News.

. are available and how to use WORK $3.50

> them. Very detailed and profusely

illustrated. $3.95 each

for Genealogical f 5. Handbook

8. The Prophecies of Joseph Smith Correspondence

By Duane S. Crowther

By Cache Genealogical Library Each of the prophetic statements uttered v\ StmMrflaw Many f the problems encounby Joseph Smith is carefully studied and >!mia** terec'by researchers in trying to JOSEPH, its fulfillment discussed.

obtain information by letter, are if?m discussed and solutions revealed. $3.95

M $3.25

Order from your nearest Bookcraft dealer or from

B00KCRAFT 1/64 m*. 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check or money12order 3 for $ 4 5 6 7 8

Name Address City Zone State

JANUARY 1964

The appointment of Mrs. Ruby O. Richards to the general

board of the Primary Association was announced. She lives in

Salt Lake City.

SLEEPY parts Luis Stake of San from was organized Santa Maria sustained ( California K. Call ) Stake Clayton with Elder SEZ: CJ1m Obispo

Harlan D. Swonger Jr., and

functioning, organwas TRAVEL asas hispresidentcounselors.and EldersThe stake,Allen theD. Miller,384th now

ASSURED,'ized under the direction of Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Council of the

with Twelve.Maria wardsSantawithinMariathe Stakestake. takesSantaitsMarianamewasfromfirst the"organizedtwo Santaas a

Sunday School in 1929 and attained branch status in 1936.

Elder James D. Packer sustained as first counselor to President RAVE/DOCe Arthur J. Godfrey of San Luis Obispo Stake, succeeding Elder

Clayton K. Call. Elder Harold E. Livingston sustained as second

THE WORLD'S LARGEST NETWORK counselor, succeeding Elder Packer. OF FINE MOTELS

Elder Roy W. Doxey sustained as president of Provo (Utah)

Stake, succeeding President Dean C. Christensen. President

FOR UTAH COLORADO Doxey's counselors are Elders Bliss H. Crandall and Dean E. Terry.

Ogden Boulder President Doxey and Elder Crandall had served as counselors to

Provo Colorado Springs President Christensen. Salt Lake City Denver

IDAHO Greeley Boise Falls President Hugh B. Brown, First Counselor in the First PresiIdaho

Pocatello dency, marked the eightieth anniversary of his birth by a full

WYOMINGTwin FallsMONTANA schedule of work at his office.

Laramie Billings The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Ezra

Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve as president of the European Mission, succeeding Elder Theodore M. Burton, Assistant to

the Council of the Twelve. Elder Benson will preside over the

following missions: Austrian, Bavarian, Berlin, Central German,

Danish, Finnish, North German, Norwegian, South German, Swedish, Swiss, and West German. To this assignment with him will

go Mrs. Benson and their daughter Beth. This is the second time

Elder Benson has presided in Europe. In 1946 he reopened the

European missions of the Church, following World War II.FILMS

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

AND PRINTED per roil W. MaycockEdward A.of Nadlethe Northernof Los AngelesStates Mission.to succeedPresidentPresidentNadle,Richarda

For any 6, 8 or 1 2 Exposure B A W Roll convert to the Church, is currently serving as a counselor in the

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll Los Angeles Stake presidency. He has served in the auxiliaries

of a YMMIA division; as a presiding elder and as a member of a COLOR FILM as a stake board member and as ward superintendent, cochairman

DEVELOPING bishop.district presidencyMrs. Nadle andwill accompanyas presidenthimof toantheeldersmissionquorumfield. andTheya

have a married daughter. KODACOLOR

8-Exposure Roll per The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll Milton L. Weilenmann, former president of the AlaskanCanadian

Dev.1 2-Exposureand PrintingRoll $3.00 perroll Mission, to the priesthood missionary committee of the Church.

Color Reprints 20< each The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Max

COLOR SLIDES A.the Berryessachildren planningof the facultycommitteeof Brighamof the allChurchYoung Universitycoordinat-to

Slid es 1 35 mm Color per ing committee.

exp., Dev. and 20 Mount $1.35 roll

1 35 mm Color Slid es per 36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll Elder Howard W. Hunter of the Council of the Twelve dediper Color Movie of next of information to the cated bureau Jail, scene Carthage

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 rol of the his brother the martyrdom Smith Prophet Joseph and Hyrum

PHOTOSGENEALOGY the Patriarch.

( Arizona of OLD Elder LeRoy Layton sustained as president of Mesa NEGATIVES MADE

PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS Stake, succeeding President H. Loren Allen, deceased. President

of NEGATIVE, 4c each Layton had been serving as second counselor. Elder Haskell V.

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s Stradling was resustained as first counselor, and Elder George S.

MoneyBack Guarantee Standage was sustained as second counselor.

Elder Howard W. Moody (Continued on page 52)

SAM'SP. O. Box 1 II 5 Oept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

.

NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN

*100PAYS WEEKLY.

! even for life to Nondrinkers and NonSmokers

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are evil. Rates are fantastically low because "por risk"drinkers and smokers

are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination,

no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting

the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

sickness, hospitalization of use caused by or not do You smoke drinkTHIS TODAY! DO

else narcotics. liquor or everything On Fill application right out below mail so for and pay premiums why fully you're amazingly low protected—at will policy approval, away. be your Upon those do? who rates! at mailed. begins promptly Coverage noon in see dayEvery your newspaper you effective policy. of date deyour on Don't 3. evidence loss that drinking formore benefits smoking and Other lay. people almost enter Every day 50,000 life.shorten of They're America's one now of 90 accident within days hospitals. protection get your now. So healthleading cause prime problems—a policy). in (as described $2000 pay We ratesof hospitalithe high most premium accidental for death. cash cash $2000 Or policies charge.zation loss foot, for sight or of of hand, one one GUARANTEE MONEYBACK

loss for of over eye. carefully. Read cash policy both your one $6000 minAskyour Or rates are based your Our on ister, it. doctor lawyer sure and examine Be feet. eyes, or hands, both both

it it provides exactly say what Then, towe health, superior all satisat reason not if for are any you 100%does. nondrinkeras a nonsmoker. and The fled, just to policy back mail us within invite close your 30 comparison We

will days immediately enand we your refund HospitalizaAmericannew Temperance plan. other with any tire questions asked. premium. can You No offertion Plan unbelievably can low you gain dollars. risk thousands nothing...you of is like ours. comActually, other But norates because drinkers accept not do we

save. rates. See pare what you rates. Also, smokers, cause highand who

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many TEAR OVJANMAITOpAWEORJJWJOO LATE claims. Only a general rate adjustment

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly StreetCity or RD #.Zone..County..State.

TAX FREEeven for life, Age Date of Birth from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation, Height Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary Relationship carry. We send you our payments Air I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times L

you collect.

J. 2. We cover all accidents and 3.

sicknesses, 4.

except pregnancy, any act of war or milibelief, listed of are best the and your you above health and knowledge in good To ortary service, accidents preexisting or disease? free Yes impairment, physical and from any NoQ allDmembers

listed best you of or any the advice medical or knowledge, have had above member your To

IMPORTANT: Check table below and include your first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details If so, pleasepremium with application. Yes stating person affected, cause, date, name and address No

fully recovered. physician,G whether of attending and

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 under and pays $2o $28 forNeithera policyI norbasedany personon the listedunderstandingabove usesthattobaccothe policyor alcoholicdoes notbeverages,cover conditionsand I herebyoriginatingapply

adult Each prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the written answers to the above questions.

1964 pays $380 $38 Date: Signed:X,

Each adult 65100 pays $590 *59 ATIATMail this application with your first premium to

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM IY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

FAMILY CRESTS COAT of ARMS I jfljl.it >JT... #fw,-

r\[ mm rfj.-——"i MS

"IE c

I J:

WALL SHIELDS

WATER PITCHERS PARCHMENTS The DOUBLE WALL SHIELDSSILICATE CHINA PLATES American

We have 100,000 names on file, includingarmorials for practically all Irish names. Presidency

We also execute orders for English, Welsh and Scottish names and for other nationalities. 1964

IMPERIAL SALES THESE TIMES 465 So. 7th East EM 3-4184 By Dr. G. Homer Durham

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH President, Arizona State University, Tempe

Before the tragedy in Dallas, Texas, making. States'rights versus naNovember 22, 1963, the following tional authority, an issue in every

since election national American the author: written by were tone words Continental of the First the meeting again? Has Kennedy "Will it be

in the Goldwater a chance? Will RockeCongress in September 1774, will

feller come from behind to gain the appear in this and other forms—as

finest Republican nomination? Will Lynusual. The Supreme Court will be

don Johnson step aside, be passed condemned, praised, or ignored as tradition over, or be renominated as Vicein Jefferson's day (he condemned it

President? Nixon waiting in the and especially John Marshall, his

wings? Are the favorite sons, Romfellow Virginian). Foreign policy,

ney of Michigan, Scranton of Pennas since 1774, will also be argued.

sylvania, truly in decline? Or are Waste, extravagance, and public

they also nearby, in the wings of expense will be roundly condemned the great stage? What will Govas always. Suggestions that evil

ernor Wallace of Alabama do, will be conquered, the country especially to Goldwater's chances saved, and the rights and dignity of in the South? And, what about man upheld against the dire threats

Margaret Chase Smith of Maine? of subtle and wicked adversaries

"As 1964 opens, the entire world will be heard on all sides. It is a

asks these questions. The candigreat pageant, a great therapeutic

dates and the American people will agent for the pentup emotions of

Worshipful, inspiring tone in provide answers in the great quadnearly 200,000,000 people. But it

the tradition of the world's rennial spectacle of American poliis more. Behind the sound and the

requirefor every great organs characteristic fury, and so familiar so race, Sectionalism, and national range. tics. price.. in every ment history of American students the religion, ecoto origin, ethnic groups,

for Visit studio a our 'but proclaim, to those (even who busi- (especially labor, groups tonal nomic Allen the of demonstration is the different'lies one of ), all one will play this agriculture) ness, and that sounds... "the organ

of the achievements great civilized like an organ"a part.

is achievement race. The "On the surface civil rights, eduhuman

peaceelection and the the peaceful opportunity, and economic MUSIC cational SUMMERHAYS President of transfer power from apful for the Negro social betterment 3719 South Slate

Salt Lake City, Utah pear to be the major issues in the to President of one of the greatest

SCHROEDER ORGAN CO.

1434 E. McDowell

Phoenix, Arizona BEST APPROACH TO GOSPEL LEARNING

Join the LDS Books Club FAMILY NIGHT As an added incentive rEADEK for joining the LDS Books magistracies the world has ever Club this month, you known. As Theodore H. White

has written, 'the winning of the may obtain the outstanding

President's power lies in noise and book Family Night Reader for change, the flogging of the emoonly 99c. Regularly tions, all appeal to the and the $2.50, iftribal pasts of America. the But this excellent book by

exercise of the Presidency must be framed by reason, by the analysis S. Dilworth Young is a

of reality as it can only be seen from the President's desk—and by wonderful addition to any ONLY 99c

leading other men to see this reality LDS library. WITH MEMBERSHIP

as he alone perceives it.'

"To achieve the American presiFIRST BOOK FROM THESE CHOICE dency, a candidate has to surmount Prophecy, Key to the Future Faith Works three major obstacles, any one of By Duane Crowther...$3.95 By Mark E. Petersen..

which taxes his physical, emotional, The Law of the Harvest The Prophecies of mental, and spiritual capacity. First, By Sterling W. Sill $3.50 Joseph Smith

a candidate has to acquire some Inspirational Verse By Duane S. Crowther. $3.95

semblance of national visibility. This Compiled by Bryan Gardner Sounding Brass

generally comes as a consequence of and Calvin Broadhead $2.50 By Hugh B. Nibley....$3.50

long and difficult effort. Even a

John F. Kennedy, with his own, his

family's, and his father's millions, had to earn a degree from Harvard, work Choose your first selection(s) you do nothing—it will be sent

as a naval officer, write a book, get from the choice books listed to you postpaid with a stateat retail price regular the ment. do If you not want toelected Congress, and almost [lOW above

will and we send prothe return you Family book, postcardsnare the VicePresi- Democratic dential nomination in 1956, in order 10 Night Reader for just 99c vided for an alternate (or none to acquire visibility at an extremely.. more... all shipped postpaid. at all). With every four books

joining, a 5th accept, receive you you you each monthyouthful naJOin After Gaining age by 1960.

a will receive of several reviews choice book of your free—tional visibility is not a simple

matter even for sports heroes, books. To get the top book savings of 20%.

actresses, and cosmonauts. Secondly, the candidate has to gain the

of eithernomination the Democratic Club, Inc Books party.or the Republican This takes LDSP O. BOX 400 1188 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITYnationwide organizations; millions 10, UTAH

of dollars; ability to go without LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC. 1-64

sleep; eat whether you like it or not; P. 0. BOX 400, SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

and speak intelligently and acceptPlease send me as my first selection, the following circled books for which I ably by radio and TV to millions, enclose a check or money order for the regular retail price of $, nationwide, and to the separate plus 99c for Family Night Reader.

3 4 5 6prejudices and biases of all the local, 12 ethnic, religious, racial, and economic Enroll me as a member and start sending me the monthly review so I can decide groupings of this vast nation. Meanwhether or not I want the choice book described. I hereby agree to purchase a

while, the candidate must successminimumregular advertisedof 4 Booksprice.Club selectionsI may resignor alternatesat any timeduringafterthebuyingnext 12fourmonthsadditionalat the

fully serve as general of a variety of books. For each 4 books I accept, I will receive a valuable bonus book free.

organizations seeking to capture a NAME (Continued on page 54) ADDRESS

CITY ZONE STATE.

JANUARY 1964.

A TOTAL ELECTRIC

Letters and Reports

A wonderful new way to live

MIA JOY AWARDS EARNED

UTAH POWER A LIGHT CO. Every Mia Maid girl in the Carmichael Pinnegar, Diana Townley; second row,

Buy pfw from your deafer Second Ward, American River (California) Colleen Johnson, Dianne Foot, Shanna

Stake, earned a Mia Joy award this year. Hemingway, Linda Sue Hodgkins, Ruth

Pictured are, (1-r) first row, Linda Lewis, Poppleton, and Kathleen K. Terry, teacher.

Gail Richins, Annette Stephens, Thora Award receiver not pictured is Ruth Berry.

ONE OF THE

WEST'S LARGEST MUSIC STORES

MIXED VOICES

Seek and Ye Shall Find 25c Now Let Us All Praise God 25c An Evening's Pastorale 25c Bach ALLELUJA #13 25c The Lord Is My Shepherd 25c IN URUGUAY

Worthy Is The Lamb 25c North American Latterday Saints living for a social. The monthly gatherings inMusic Man 50c in the Montevideo, Uruguay, area recently clude outdoor games, a buffet dinner, and

met at the home of President and Sister A. evening entertainment which has included

1 Theodore Tuttle for a monthly social musical numbers, short skits, and reports

LADIES VOICES gathering. In rotation each family is host of experiences.

Let All My Life Be Music.....25c EXPRESS GRATITUDE A HELP IN TEACHING

Old Things Are Done Away 30c This beautifully illustrated church publi- I find the Era is a wonderful help in teachcation—one of the tangible "fruits"of ing the gospel to our "hermanos"in Peru.

MEN'S VOICES Mormonism—is a witness to all who read it Even though they can't read the articles,

I Dream of Jeanie 25c theof theworld.Church'sOur 170rapidmissionariesstrides throughoutjoin with weings,aspictures,missionariesand thoughtscan and fromdo takethisteachgreat

The Sleigh 25c us in a hearty praise of its value as a prosehelp, and use them to better present the lyting tool. You and the staff of The Imgospel message.

provement Era are to be congratulated for Thanks so much for the articles and a job being well done. keep up the great effort especially with

Sincerely, pictures, etc. God bless you in your

Fred W. Schwendiman, efforts

Mission President Sincerely, VJJ&Q Lee Roderick, Missionary Elder Irvine G. Rencher Music Co New Zealand South Mission Andes Mission

P. O. Box 2009

IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO

MAIL ORDERS FILLED IMMEDIATELY

IO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Model shown is Hammond Organ D-152, in Walnut, $3895. Model D-155 in Light Oak, $4005. All prices f.o.b. factory, subject to change without notice.

Introducing:

The D-100 Series Hammond Organ

Now: A 32 Pedal Note Keyboard

plus a complete sound system within the console

Every component of our new instrument changes from an accompaniment type

Organ Company taken, intact, bass.) Hammond has to a solo bass been from type famous our

Ave., Chicago 39, 111. 4213 W. Diversey

of possibilities. the RT-3 (The heard one Organ. Think Hammond

in large churches and great cathedrals.) Even in small sanctuaries, everyone PleaseSeries Hammondsend free literatureOrgan. Andon newnameModelof nearestD100

The entire sound system of the magcan hear all the rich, majestic tones Hammond Organ dealer.

nificent D-100 is housed within its elethat fill large churches. And in large i

gant console. (No separate tone cabinet churches, remote tone cabinets can |I Name

is needed.) Yet its music power output supplement the D-100with the addi- t Churchis comparable to that of our largest retional advantage that the organist can

mote tone cabinets. hear the organ at the console. AddressAnd every famous RT-3 feature has Get all the details on the new D-100

been incorporated in the new D-100—from your Hammond dealer. And don't City Zone or County

including Hammond's exclusive Solo be surprised to learn that it costs a State Pedal Division. (Which gives your orlittle more than other organs.

all ganist the pitch levels gives important that the After all, the organ ORGAN HAMMOND in the interpretation needed exclusive of organist proper imporand so many void musk's most glorious the masterpieces of organ literature. tant features, and costs so little to 1563, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY

And makes possible quick registration maintain, should be worth a lot more.

THE EDITOR'S PAGE / BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

LifeEternal

As we enter this new year, for what should we be seeking? Is it not for life eternal? What is that? The

Savior of mankind gave us this definition:

"And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.)

Life eternal! What is sweeter? What is more

precious? You young people who like science, read

and try to find out from scientific men what life is.

They cannot tell you. They see its effects. They see it

manifest all around us. They see it everywhere—in

the woods and in the air. Its great manifestation is

in the children of men—offspring of Deity—and you

have an opportunity to live forever.

Life eternal is to know God and Jesus Christ whom he has sent.

How may we know God? A lawyer one day asked

Jesus: "Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?

"He said unto him, What is written in the law?

how readest thou?

"And he answering said, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy

neighbour as thyself.

"And he said unto him, Thou has answered right:

this do, and thou shalt live."(Luke 10:2528.)

On another occasion the Savior told a group how

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they might know. He said: "My doctrine is not mine, our God shall call."(Acts 2:3739.)

but his that sent me."(John 7:16.) Later, this same chief apostle, speaking about

Oh, youth (and those who would keep the precious repentance, baptism, how the priesthood had come viewpoint of youth), listen to this if you would know to them, and how they had become "partakers

God and Jesus Christ whom he sent, of the divine nature,"added specific virtues. If

"My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me. ever you can get to that point, you will know that

"If any man will do his will, he shall know of the Jesus is the Christ and this is the work of God.

doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak (See 2 Peter 1:3-4.)

of myself."(Ibid., 7:1617.) Then Peter adds:

There is your answer. "And beside this, giving all diligence, add to your

But then arises the question, what is his will? It is faith virtue; and to virtue knowledge;

already answered by that lawyer who said, "And to knowledge temperance; and to temperance

"Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy patience; and to patience godliness;

heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, "And to godliness brotherly kindness; and to

and with all thy mind; and thy neighbour as thyself."brotherly kindness charity.

(Luke 10:27.) "For if these things be in you, and abound, they

But it is more specifically answered by Christ's make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful chief apostle on the day of Pentecost, when three in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ"(ibid.,

thousand people were pricked in their hearts, and they 1:5-8), or, phrasing it another way, to know the Christ

cried out: and his Father is eternal life.

"Men and brethren, what shall we do? Every one of us may know that truth and live

"Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be bapeternally. And do not worry about what your assigntized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for ment is in the Church. Keep in mind that the Savior

the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of is leading you. You who are actively carrying on the

the Holy Ghost. work of the Church, yours is a wonderful work. It

"For the promise is unto you, and to your children, is God's work. Keep close to him, and he will guide

and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord you, not only during this year 1964 but always.

JANUARY 1964 13 THE PRIESTHOOD OF JOHN THE BAPTIST

question: "In our quorum meethas the authority to ordain a deaing the question was asked: 'Who con, teacher, or priest in the Aaronic

conferred the Aaronic Priesthood Priesthood, and his father had auon John the Baptist?'We looked thority to ordain deacons, teachers,

the question up and discovered that and priests and was living on the YOUR he was ordained by an angel. We earth at the time, why was not he

also learned that Johns father held instead of an angel commanded to ordain his son?"the office of a priest. Since a priest QUES

answer: For some unknown reaauthority had to be conferred byson this question has come to me TION this heavenly messenger, who was

several times in the past few weeks. duly authorized and sent to confer

The reason why it has been subit. John's ordination was not merely

Priestof the Aaronic bestowal the the is a mysterymitted to me since ANSWERED BY held, father his but which hood, perfectly the matterLord made clear in the revelation in the Docalso the conferring of certain essentrine and Covenants which is JOSEPH tial powers peculiar to the time as follows: among which was the authority to FIELDING overthrow the kingdom of the "Which gospel is the gospel of repentance and of baptism, and the Jews and "to make straight the wayremission of sins, and the law of SMITH of the Lord."Moreover, it was tocarnal commandments, which the PRESIDENT OF prepare the Jews and other Israelites for the coming of the Son ofLord in his wrath caused to conTHE COUNCIL

tinue with the house of Aaron OF THE TWELVE God. This great authority required

among the children of Israel until a special ordination beyond the

John, whom God raised up, being delegated power that had been filled with the Holy Ghost from his mother's womb. given to Zacharias or any other priest who went before

"For he was baptized while he was yet in his childhim, so the angel of the Lord was sent to John in hood, and ordained by the angel of God at the time his childhood to confer it.

he was eight days old unto this power, to overthrow The trouble with so many of us is the fact that we the kingdom of the Jews, and to make straight the reach conclusions in relation to some matters without way of the Lord before the face of his people, to knowing all the facts pertaining to the specific events.

prepare them for the coming of the Lord, in whose It is very apparent that a large proportion of the hand is given all power."(D&C 84:2728.) members of the Church do not prepare themselves

The Lord was pleased not to reveal the name of thoroughly by study, prayer, and faith to understand the angel who ministered to John. The reason many of the revelations which have been placed before

Zacharias could not ordain John is because of the fact us. This lack of comprehension is not the fault of the

that John received certain keys of authority which his Lord, but the fault of the individual.

father Zacharias did not possess. Therefore this special Perhaps I may be pardoned for this thought which

14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I present without any desire to find fault, but merely Whoever had such a trust committed to him before or to impress upon our minds the need of a more since? No man.

thorough search of the revealed word of the Lord in "Secondly. He was entrusted with the important

sincere prayer and humility of spirit. It is a simple mission, and it was required at his hands, to baptize

matter to reach incorrect conclusions when only a the Son of Man.... Whoever led the Son of God into

part of the facts is understood. Therefore the members the waters of baptism, and had the privilege of beholdof the Church, and especially those holding the Divine ing the Holy Ghost descend in the form of a dove,

Priesthood, should be diligent in their study with the or rather in the sign of the dove, in witness of that spirit of humility and prayer. It is plainly revealed administration? The sign of the dove was instituted

that John was sent to prepare the way before the Lord before the creation of the world, a witness for the by teaching the people to repent and receive baptism Holy Ghost, and the devil cannot come in the sign of preparatory to the advent and opening of the min- a dove....

istry of the Son of God. This was a very special "Thirdly. John at that time, was the only legal

ordination beyond the authority of Zacharias or any administrator in the affairs of the kingdom there was other previously ordained priest who held the office then on the earth, and holding the keys of power. The

before him. Jews had to obey his instructions or be damned, by

When John the Baptist sent men unto Jesus to ask their own law; and Christ himself fulfilled all righthim the question: "Art thou he that should come? Or eousness in becoming obedient to the law which he

look we for another?"the Savior bore testimony in had given to Moses on the mount, and thereby magnirelation to the greatness of John in the following words: fied it and made it honorable, instead of destroying

"... What went ye out... to see? A reed shaken it. The son of Zacharias wrested the keys, the kingwith the wind? dom, the power, the glory from the Jews, by the holy

"But what went ye out for to see? A man clothed anointing and decree of heaven, and these three reain soft raiment? Behold they which are gorgeously sons constitute him the greatest prophet born of a

apparelled, and live delicately, are in kings'courts. woman."(Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith,

"But what went ye out for to see? A prophet? Yea, pp. 275276.)

I say unto you, and much more than a prophet.

"This is he, of whom it is written, Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee.

"For I say unto you, Among those that are born of women there is not a greater prophet than John the Baptist: but he that is least in the kingdom of

God is greater than he."(Luke 7:2428.)

The Prophet Joseph Smith commenting on this statement has presented before us the following:

"First. He [John] was entrusted with a divine mission of preparing the way before the face of the Lord.

JANUARY 1964 15 On the second day of February, 1874, at two o'clock in the morning, the fourth child and second son was born to Dr. Seymour B. and Ann Elizabeth.Riter scholar, Young. Dr. Young, not having finished his medical A

training at New York University Medical School, was not at home. The newborn son was three weeks old

before his father held him in his arms, just after his arrival home on February 28. With childhooda gentle man pride the infant's brothers and sisters, Seymour B.,

Jr., Lillie, and Florence crowded around him, vying

to attract attention and tell what they knew of the new arrival, soon to be blessed and given the name of Levi Edgar, after his maternal grandfather

Levi E. Riter.

Dr. Seymour B. Young, who had already had his

share of adventure, was born in Kirtland, Ohio, October 3, 1837. In Missouri he was carried as an infant in

his mother's arms to safety, hiding in the hazel brush at Haim's Mill where seventeen were massacred. As

a boy he crossed the plains with the pioneers of 1850, having endured the privations at Nauvoo and Winter

Quarters. Later as an active, wiry young man, he

pushed a handcart east across the plains to Winter

Quarters on his way to England as a missionary (this was the return journey of the first handcarts used in the westward trek) in the spring of 1857.

On this journey the murderer of Parley P. Pratt was

pointed out to him in St. Louis. During the Civil War

he served with Lot Smith's cavalry, guarding the telegraph lines against Indian attack. In 1870 he

accompanied his father Joseph Young on a missionary journey to England, which lasted several months. And

at the birth of Levi Edgar he had just completed two school years at New York University, where he was awarded his medical degree with honors.

Meanwhile, Ann Elizabeth Riter had many adventures to occupy her while she was growing up. Her

birth had taken place in 1847 in a wagon box on the

President Levi EdgarYoung, journeyconditionsto ofUtah.the day.She Thegrewoldup cabinamid inthewhichpioneershe

as of standing a child in the was still yard her as late as 1930. After her marsenior member of the livedbrother W. Riter W.

First Council of the Seventy, herriagegrowingto SeymourfamilyB. whileYounghershehusbandwas thewassupportin Engof

father, his later with in attending school and completes his earthlyland

It is true that York. of hungry he went much New

service in his ninetieth year. the time while in college and lived in a garret without heat, keeping warm by sitting in bed, wearing a

fur coat, fur cap, and mittens, while studying. AlFEBRUARY 2. 1 874 - DECEMBER 13, 1963 though he had only one mouth to feed, she had four,

and she did it by taking boarders and making buckBY PRESIDENT S. DILWORTH YOUNG skin gloves to sell to emigrants, passing through the

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY Salt Lake Valley.

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dr. Young hung out his shingle at an office located At left—Dr. Seymour B. Young, father, and at right, Ann

directly in front of the old Seventies Hall, 155 South Elizabeth Young, mother of President Levi Edgar Young.

State Street, and for another six months had so little practice that he was no support to his family. His

Missions, 1904first case was a severed artery caused from a fall on Bottom—Office force of Swiss and German

the ice. He sutured the wound and charged $1.00 German Mission—Hugh J. Cannon, president; Joseph

as a fee. Keeler, secretary; Quayle Cannon, assistant secretary.

Six months later he was doing better, having been Swiss Mission—Levi Edgar Young, president; Albert E.

appointed city physician to the insane asylum and Bowen, secretary; Richard Andrew, assistant secretary.

hospital and further as a personal physician to President Brigham Young.

The little adobe home in which Dr. Young settled

his family stood on a lot at 48 South 4th East, Salt

Lake City. Before the birth of Levi, plans had been

made and work started on the large twostory adobe house on the same lot which was the family home for the next fiftytwo years. Levi Edgar's chief memories

center in the big house.

From Levi's childhood, standards were held high in his home. As she could, Elizabeth Riter Young

acquired walnut furniture of fine quality. She added

silver plate and sterling, matching these with linen tablecloths of purest sheen. Since she knew quality,

she meant to see that her children were reared in quality surroundings. Much of this was done with

her own savings from household expense, for she was a financial genius and managed to create an estate that served the family for many years. Dr. Young

meanwhile, his income increasing until after his call to the First Council of the Seventy, aided and abetted the enterprise. The books, the pictures on the walls,

the evenings of family entertainment and discussion were happy affairs for him, when he could be home.

The first twenty years of the life of Levi Edgar

Young occurred during the troublous times of the difficulties with the government—territorial and national. Dr. Young was away from home most of the

time, and it was a good thing Levi Edgar had a mother of strong character and determination, having the ability to create the means to back her decisions. of two men in the nation to be so honored. ( The other

One of her strongest desires was to see that Lee, as was Grover Cleveland.)

the family called him, had the education he desired. For a year he taught school at the old Lowell School

Early he had shown a propensity for study and books, and then went to Harvard University for a summer, and his mother fostered this tendency. During the followed the next season by a year at that university.

maturing period of his life while she was rearing a He taught for a season at the LDS University.

family which totaled by 1895, twelve children, ElizaWhile employed as an instructor at the University beth centered the family discipline around the proposition that nothing must interfere with the education of Utah, he obtained a leave of absence to accept a of Levi Edgar. Not that each child didn't receive edumission to Germany. He sailed from Boston on

cation, but Lee must not be disturbed in his efforts. the SS New England, July 17, 1901, as a secondLevi Edgar attended the old Twelfth Ward School. cabin passenger.

Later, after his graduation from the university, he His mission was one of the greatest "schools"he was made a member of Sigma Chi Fraternity, one could have attended. In the eastern part of the

JANUARY 1964 17 United States, people of means sent their newly At left—President Levi Edgar Young about the time of

graduated children for a season in Europe, varying his return from the mission field.

from a few months to a year or two. A person was

Brinton Young, June 1895, graduate right—Valerianot considered educated until he had seen Europe's At

valedictorian, University and of Utah.

great works of art and architecture, learned a foreign language, and mingled with its people. The missions of Bottom—Title page of The Founding of Utah, a favorite

the Church have given this opportunity to its missionamong President Young's published works. This textbook

aries, rich and poor alike. While the purpose has not was wellreceived, largely because of the number of human

been personal cultural improvement, yet one could not interest stories which he included within its pages.

fail to absorb a great deal of European culture by dwelling in a country for the period of a mission.

Actually he saw more of how the common people lived than by any other means.

The mission of Levi Edgar Young came at a time when there was much persecution in Europe. Many

missionaries were arrested and imprisoned. All were

badgered and irritated by the authorities. Permission had to be obtained to go tracting. There

were few meetings held that did not have as attendants either known detectives or officers posing as civilians. Much of the time permission was withheld to go tracting, to proselyte publicly or privately.

Meetings could be held only by permission, and permission was often withheld. Elders violating

these regulations were jailed and sometimes expelled from the country. President Levi Edgar Young was

jailed in his turn, and but for the efforts of Bishop

Glass of the Catholic Diocese of Utah, would have been in jail longer than he was.

At Berlin President Francis M. Lyman gave Elder

Young a powerful blessing, which President Young reports: "I was to learn the German language quickly

and fluently; and I was to become remarkable in it.

He afterwards told me to study hard and become a good interpreter in order to become a help to him."

During the period of his intense study of German in Gotha, he found time to remember his sister Elma's birthday. His love for his sisters could not be restrained as in homesick eloquence he reminded

himself of his affection. "I wish I could go to her left home. It takes mother to pack a trunk; and

and tell her how much I love her. God bless her father to rope one."

with the happiest of lives."Elder Young was appointed to preside over the

In 1964, of the sisters now living, Elma, the eldest, Swiss Mission, June 1, 1902, and from then until his is in her eighties. When asked what she remembered return home date he was busily engaged in the work

best about her brother, she said that his constant, of supervision of Saints and elders. One of the highkind consideration and anxiety for her as a young lights of his mission was a visit to a conference at

girl was her best remembrance. "Lee was the best Copenhagen at the call of President Francis M.

of brothers. He was ever thoughtful of us and went Lyman of the European Mission. Here he met many

out of his way to make us happy with gifts and by friends, received valuable instruction from President sharing all of his pleasures with us."Lyman, and returned to his field refreshed. Among

Another reminder from home came in the shape of other elders, he was closely associated with Albert E.

his trunk. "My trunk came this afternoon and everyBowen, later of the Council of the Twelve, who acted

thing in it was o.k. It hadn't been opened since I as mission secretary during Elder Young's presidency

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA master's degree in history. His specialty was western

history, and he pursued it vigorously, becoming an

The Young home at 555 East South Temple, taken in articulate authority on the subject. In 1924 he spent

December 1963. President and Mrs. Young have made

this their home for many years. In this gracious dwelling, a season at McGill University and Laval University

they have entertained their many friends. In addition to in Montreal, reading and studying old French manuthe spacious rooms, President Young had a remarkable scripts dealing with the settlements of North America.

library, which, in addition to his innumerable volumes in his office at the Church headquarters, assisted him in his His stay in New York was highlighted by his aphistorical and religious research. pointment as a member of the First Council of the

Seventy. After the sustaining vote in the October

1909 conference, Elder John Henry Smith, of the

Council of the Twelve, journeyed east and set him apart in New York on January 23, 1910. On his

return he was instructed by President Joseph F. Smith

to continue his teaching position at the University of Utah. This he did until 1938, when he was called

to be president of the New England Mission. His

pattern while at the university was to teach his classes, spend the late afternoon with seventies work, and go to quarterly conferences on weekends. This was

interspersed in later years with tours of the various missions in the United States.

He became the head of the Department of Western

History at the university in 1927. In addition to this

assignment he took over the archaeological work of this department.

He was instrumental in cementing friendly and happy relations with many who had opposed the

Church. This work resulted in an invitation to write

on the history of Utah and of the Church for the

LDS Church centennial edition of the Salt Lake

Tribune.

Following the publication of the article in a special edition at the hundredth anniversary of the founding of the Church, President Young became an adviser to the Tribune on the LDS viewpoint, and he had a large influence in shaping editorial writing. He

wrote many articles for this newspaper, interpreting the Church and building goodwill. During this time

of the Swiss Mission from 1902 to 1904. he presided over the Temple Square Mission from

Another valuable experience while in Europe was 1922 until 1935, improving its museum and serving an appointment to represent the State of Utah at the strangers within our gates. The list of famous

the first International Congress on School Hygiene people who enjoyed the hospitality of his home and held at Nurnberg, Germany, April 4-9, 1904. dinner table is a formidable one. A visitor who beHis return home signaled the resumption of an came one of his closest friends was Admiral Richard

acquaintance with Valeria Brinton. They were mar- E. Byrd, who told him of his plans for exploring the

ried June 12, 1907. Three children were born South Pole. In his list were politicians, ministers,

to them: Harriet (Mrs. Mitchell Cline), Jane (Mrs. statesmen, authors, historians, each with his place in

Rulon W. Rawson), and Eleanor (Mrs. Harris Van the sun but willing to obtain a more accurate idea of

Orden), all are living today. the Latterday Saints.

The year 1910 saw the Young family in New York Elder Young was appointed to represent the Church on sabbatical leave from the University of Utah. At on the local ministerial association of the Protestants

Columbia that year Professor Young received his and Jews. His conciliatory attitude during these

JANUARY 1964 19 years gained many friends and served to reduce through the dining room with its walnut sideboard prejudice. This friendship led indirectly to the opgleaming with a silver service, out into the yard;

portunity to purchase the mission home in Cambridge, thence, through the back gate into Uncle Billy's

Massachusetts, at 100 Brattle Street, bordering Longyard where one could skirt a log cabin 10 x 16 with a fellow Park. There was distinct opposition from the slab roof. In this cabin Levi Riter had lived with

ministerial association there, but his connection with Grandma Rebecca Dilworth Riter, and here Elizathe Utah group gave him entree to that rather austere, beth had been reared in the primitive poverty of the conservative, and formal Cambridge association, and pioneer; yet with the dignity of the civilized and culthe members there became his friends. He was able tured convert. This was his theme, and he played

to persuade them to withdraw their opposition, after it, spoke it, loved it, proved it. All of us are more

which the purchase was consummated. While presidkeenly aware of the quality of the Utah Pioneers

ing over the mission in New England he attended because Levi Edgar Young raised his voice and lifted

Harvard, was given special invitation to all lectures his pen in defense of them as he knew them. He was

and programs and was provided with a special readproof of it—he had been raised by pioneers from

ing room at the Widener Library of the university. poverty to cultural life.

He was also successful in making friendship with As the researcher reviews the seemingly endless influential men which aided to erase prejudice. While stream of articles, essays, and doctrinal dissertations

presiding over this mission, he gained an almost which this man has produced, he comes to realize that reverential attitude toward New England, for here here is an artist who paints the joys and sorrows of was the place where much of the history of this his people with words—and their ideals too. Reading

country was made. He felt that this call to serve his textbook, The Founding of Utah, lifts one to want,

the Church as mission president in 1938 was a fitting almost, to be a pioneer. Browsing through the many

climax to his years of service at the University of articles he wrote for The Deseret News Seventy page,

Utah. His ancestors came from Massachusetts, and one is enriched by historical background for our way

his paternal greatgrandfather had been a revoluof life which he learned from extensive reading and tionary soldier. The historical sites of great events wide travel. He took pride in declaring that he had

were visited, noted, commented upon, and their lesread more good books than any man on the university sons taught to all who came within his influence. To campus. Though a prolific reader, he was equally

him the ground was hallowed by the patriots in prolific in sharing his knowledge. The writer has

much the same way that the trials and the struggles talked to many who were his students and has yet of the Utah pioneers hallowed and made sacred forto hear one say that the classes Elder Young taught ever the scenes of their struggles. were stale or lacking in interest. It wasn't a matter

Nothing would disturb him more than to hear someof Custer being outnumbered and rubbed out on the one accuse the early Utah settlers of being uncouth Little Big Horn. One was present at the war dance

and uncultured. Forced to give up their cultural the previous night and got the feel of Gall and Crazy

attainments on being driven from their homes three Horse, as Sitting Bull built up the fervor to stand up separate times, he loved to tell how under such cirto the "long swords"who would destroy them and cumstances their dignity was maintained, education their families. One was made to feel sad for Little

sought, manners taught, and the things which Hair when Rain in the Face cut out his heart, but, fed the mind, soul, heart, and spirit were practised too, he was half glad that the doughty Sioux got in spite of almost insurmountable obstacles. A log his revenge.

cabin did not mean to him that its builders One reads, too, in his articles and responds equally were uncouth. to the song of the Ute mother to her little one, or the

Levi Edgar Young is a defender of this viewcradle hymn of the pioneer woman; of the crossing,

point and with good reason. One had but to leave too, of the Colorado on the piebald ponies to meet

the dignified family library with its walnut bookcases Jacob Hamblin, or the turning over of the state govfilled with great books of all time, its cheerful hardernment to Alfred Cumming by Brigham Young coal burner in the center of the room, and walk in 1858. (Continued on page 39)

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HE WHO WILL BE CHIEF

BY JAY ELLIS RANSOM

For two weeks, the sun had barely crawled above the frosty horizon, and now it had disappeared altogether. Even the

brief twilight of midday could not dispel the nightcold of the forest, where the traplines crept out from the village to the allencompassing tundras.

Worry creased the forehead of young

Angus George as he kicked open the back door of his mother's cabin and entering, dumped an armload of kindling on the kitchen floor beside the old rusty range.

Taking off his caribou skin parka, he hung it behind the door.

Ever since his father's illness, the welfare of his mother and sisters rested on his fourteenyear-old shoulders. About the

'time that Tata had begun to feel the pereeping illness soften his bones, Anna, his grayinghaired mother, had remarked:

"Oh, Angus, if only we could get lots of furs this winter, Sarah could go to boarding school. She would come back a

fine girl, and maybe marry a rich man!"

Thoughtstill, Angus turned to look at his father on his pallet, a fox blanket drawn up to his chin. Fever burned in

Tata's eyes, and his cheeks looked suckedin. Angus remembered that Teacher had

said it was tuberculosis, so common among the people.

He turned his worried gaze to his mother. Anna sat on the left side of the

rod. Painstakingly, he oiled the lock and tested the

bolt action. When he had rubbed down the barrel

and adjusted the rear sight, Angus handed the rifle back to Old Man. From hand to hand it passed as

the Elders examined it, while Angus felt the sweat crawling down his back.

"It is bitter cold out,"said Old Man thoughtfully.

"Tata's trapline is long,"Many Smokes added.

"The ghost of Carcajou is in the valley,"Big Foot said. "I myself have seen his tracks."

Tata's tired voice sounded drained as he stirred on his pallet. "It is a man's job,"he said, hopelessly.

Old Man smiled faintly. "I am thinking that Angus

is near a man now. He was expert in preparing the

rifle. He will be careful with furs and resetting the

'* V traps. You have taught him well, Tata. What do

you say, Big Foot? And you, Galu and Many Smokes?"

room, which was hers and her daughter's by right and As one, the Elders nodded. Angus'heart leaped. "I

custom. She worked methodically on the ankle skin will not mind the cold and darkness,"he said, weighof a caribou bull, shaping it with Trader's scissors ing each word as befitted one who was now a man.

into the pattern of inner socks for Angus. Soon there The Elders rose, and grouping themselves about

will be no more food in the cabin, he thought. It is Tata's pallet, wished him better health on the morrow.

time I go to trap alone, even a year early. "Perhaps,"Old Man said gently, "that by the time

And then, from outside the front door came the you are well again, your son will have a new name murmur of low voices. The door was pushed inward, in the village."

and the four Eldersof-theVillage tiptoed in, brushWhen Angus awoke the next morning, his mother ing the spindrift from their parkas. They nodded prepared a man's breakfast for him. When he had

briefly to Anna, to Angus. Then with Old Man at finished, he donned his parka and pack, and took

the head they lined up alongside Tata, like a row of down Tata's rifle. "Take plenty of cartridges, Son,"

fat brown owls. Old Man cleared his throat. his father roused himself to say, "and matches!"

"It is not good, this sickness,"he said, slowly. "We "Aye, Tata. And I have your belt knife."He

have come to see what we can do."lifted the crossbar on the door.

Sudden hope brought a choking to Angus'voice. "I "Angus! Do be careful!"His mother took a step

ask permission to go on my father's trapline to get toward him. "I will have Medicine Man make a

the furs!"chant so that Carcajou will not harm you."

The Elders turned, staring solemnly at him. Old Dawn was the underwhite of ptarmigan breast as

Man breathed heavily. "It is not the custom that you he shuffled out of the village on long slim snowshoes.

should go alone to trap until you have lived fifThe cold made his breath painful and his teeth ache.

teen winters."Topping out about noon onto a low ridge, Angus

"But I must go!"Angus'voice rose anxiously. looked down into the Valleyof-LittleSticks, which

Old Man moved to a stool and sat down to think. was his father's ancestral trapping grounds. As he

The Elders spread out along the wall on the right descended into the long narrow valley, a ringing in side of the room and hunkered down. Tensely, his eardrums warned him that everywhere the BushAngus waited. men bided their time.

"Bring the rifle,"said Old Man, pointing to Tata's When he reached the spot where he and Tata had shining Winchester hanging over the front door. set the first trap, he could not find it. Fresh snow

Angus handed it to him, his heart thumping. hid all signs. Removing his right snowshoe, Angus

Methodically, Old Man inspected the gun. Finally, used it as a scoop, and at last he uncovered the set,

he held the weapon out to Angus. "Prepare the gun,"dragged to the limit of its chain. A white fox, caught

he said. many days before, had allowed itself to be killed.

Eagerly, Angus took it. He got the cleaning rag With difficulty Angus lifted the trap and stared in

and a can of oil from a wall cabinet. Then, breaking dismay at the mangled body, the skin ripped to shreds.

the rifle at the breech, he passed the oily rag careThen slow anger grew in him. A fox pelt bought a

fully through the barrel, turning it slowly with a sack of flour from Trader!

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Grimly, he pried the carcass loose. Before placing It will become Old Man, and he who wears it will

it securely in the limbs of the spruce overhead, he be Chiefof-theVillage."

stroked its broken nose, saying the ancient words that The trail led up the valley which, after three miles, would send its spirit to others of its kind to be renarrowed into a canyon beyond which Tata's cache newed. Then he reset the trap, careful that no manstood in a clump of spruces. Angus saw that the

scent would linger. defile was choked with snow avalanched down from

A short distance on, his sharp eyes found the dethe steep slopes above, and his nerves crawled at this pressions of a cross trail, splayed and shuffling. Only new threat. Pausing only to remove his snowshoes,

Carcajou, the Indian Devil, left such a trail! Fear Angus sighed and began the descent into the gorge,

clogged his mind with foreboding. carefully testing the snow slopes before creeking

By the time Angus had reached the sixth trap, he across them with pack and snowshoes in his left was burning with anger. Every set was ruined or hand. At the bottom of the canyon, where a tangle

dragged away; furs that his mother needed were of trees and brush halted him so that he had to set

ripped to ribbons! The wolverine tracks grew fresher down his burden, Angus caught the rank odor of the

as he approached the seventh trap, yet he found the wolverine. He whirled in panic, but saw nothing.

set untouched, the carcass of a martin in its steel Sudden terror swept over him, weakening his grip. He bent to remove it, then stopped. With the muscles. Stories invaded his mind of how Carcajou

hairs rising on his neck, he turned to face the bush. would attack anything that moved. The beast was

Perhaps Carcajou had set a trap for him! watching him, and he couldn't see it! Even as his

For a small eternity, Angus crouched, his eyes folbody stiffened, a harsh and menacing snarl came lowing the tracks. And then he saw it, a dark humped from a black cavern under the bluff. Then, out of the

form like a halfgrown bear beneath a tangled winddimness of early twilight above him came an eerie fall. Cautiously, Angus raised his rifle to his cheek, squealing that brought Angus sharply erect. A swatch

aiming just in front of the black shoulder. Greenish of loose snow landed on his head. In horror, he

eyes glared savagely at him, holding the boy by their raised his eyes to the snowfield above, watching it evil intensity. Angus cleared the safety and yanked move by fits and starts. It slipped without hurry,

the trigger. The silence of the valley burst into little rivulets of granular drift sifting down ahead.

frenzied echoes, and where Carcajou had crouched, Before his stricken gaze, the whole mass tore loose only a white depression remained. and, with an earthshaking roar, plunged straight for

Fierce anger welled up in Angus'veins at the clean the spot where Angus stood.

miss. He remembered, then, what Old Man had told There was but one way to go. Sobbing with

all the boys when they came to puberty. "You must terror, the boy leaped into the wolverine's cave, just

earn your names, young Ladsof-thePeople, and he as the avalanche roared overhead, carrying brush, who kills a wolverine with a rifle shall become an trees, and boulders in its mad descent to the canElder. But he who kills Carcajou with only a knife yon floor.

in his hands will become HeWho-WillBe-Chief. And In the darkness of the cave, Carcajou backed away

that name, only, will change again when you are old. from him, snarling and (Continued on page 38)

PRAIRIE IN MY BLOOD

BY MAUDE RUBIN One time the way divided... Oceans voice

Sirened across the echoing, hollow night

Drawing my feet to follow; next day's choice

Was windblown harebells, clover's foaming white.

Something there was that held my feet to earth,

Guiding a ploughshare through this frostwhite field;

Helping a mother ewe at April birth;

Learning to weigh the prairie harvest's yield.

Something there was that made me love the wind

As it combs the waves of grass in pasture land...

Old longing for the sea is disciplined

As I hold this snowy owlet in my hand!

And something there is that shelters us, I know,

Though the wind is from the north with the breath of snow.

JANUARY 1964 23 i $M Jl n A I\ tA*

BY GRANT MADISON

Winter is stocktaking time in my valley, spiritua and materially. Vegetables, fruit, meat, and fish are

bottled, binned, or hanging from the roof of the attic.

Herbs have been dried and cotton bags of beans, peas, and seed are suspended from the rafters. My

small cellar holds overflows of this or that necessity;

or some food luxury I found in that "prospector's store,"the mail order catalog, and just couldn't resist.

When everything is in order, you would think I was expecting a siege. Well, you never know. Our little

branch railroad will be shut down until spring—anAt

who can tell what fission will be doing? I agree 1 with

the church welfare plan that each householder should have a certain supply of food on hand so the improvident will not prey on the provident in an emergency.

This seems a good time also to find out what might be missing from my spiritual shelves and remedy the lack, if possible—a good time also to look back

and estimate what soulbuilding I have done. After

the crisp garnering of fall and the slow, gray days of winter, these bright spring days bring refreshment to the heart.

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Perhaps the moon has something to do with it, turned like windmills by any breeze of eloquence.

too—that full moon which tonight is brimming my We are such agreeable people, we moderns. We are

valley with lunar waters, mysterious and beautiful. ready to agree with anyone about anything anyThere are full moons everywhere, of course, but it's where. Oh, we can criticize all right, for we're as

what they do to you that counts. It's that breathless, negative as electrons, but when we're asked for some

unbelieving excitement that makes you tingle all firm, positive statement that's when we turn up over with joy because you're alive here, now, this missing. More and more I've seen our positiveness

moment, to see such glory. But it's a bit difficult to recede and the queasy tide of negative thinking rise

feel that way when your neck is a crick of pain higher and higher. We'll drown in it one day if we

from peering between tall buildings or over the heads don't watch out.

of people in a crowd. I know all about that. What we need is a belief in something. A belief so

I know, too, that the word difficult or its synonyms strong that when the showdown comes our faith is is the one I hear most frequently when my life in the only thing that matters. Yes, I know that faith

this mountain valley is under discussion. You would has gone out of fashion along with ideals, noblesse

think it was a crime to do without, make do, enjoy oblige, and other kindly attributes which can make a hard work. Perhaps this is what is the matter with sun shine on the darkest day. Now expediency is our

our world. Everything but pleasure and soft living watchword, and we are far more concerned with what

has become too difficult—and perish the thought that the other fellow thinks than with what we think ourwe should ever do anything we don't want to! selves. If we do think! I sometimes wonder.

Work is considered a burden in these days, and Yes, we need faith... and we need couragethe man who labors for love of doing a good job is courage to back that faith with everything we have

considered soft and somehow suspect. We have beand not to care who or how many are against us;

come experts in slowdown tactics: always appearing courage to do without, to make do, to get along

to be busy, but actually accomplishing less in a day with little and care less. The gadgets of luxury

than should go into three energetic hours. If someliving can make mighty poor windbreaks when a

thing is hard, then it is put off until tomorrow—and norther starts to blow.

the man who keeps that tomorrow from coming is Sometimes I speak like this to people who talk as considered a smart fellow. if gadgets were the beall and the endall of existence.

This technique breeds evasions, excuses, selfright- Some of them listen and are silent. Others look at

eous lies. So our moral fiber degenerates, inevitably me as though my head were a box of bolts, loose

and surely. Then comes a crisis—and where are we? and rattling. I wouldn't fight for a gadget. But I'd

Probably part of a mob scene that makes Technifight for these mountains, these rivers, and for what color look like whitewash. We are pushing, yelling, they mean to me; for the right to say what I wish

fighting—why? Because someone has climbed up on and do what I wish as long as that saying and that

a soapbox and told us to, or because everyone else doing hurts no one else; for the right to make my own

is doing it—two of the worst reasons in the world way without handouts and without drawstrings. For

for doing anything. the right to read and dream and lie in the sun—and

It isn't accident or merely conceit that makes a to work the clock around if that seems like a good dictator foster crowds, parades, and organizations. He idea. For the right to believe in God without being

knows that when a lot of people get together they laughed at or spat upon.

speak and act off the top of their minds and can be I want to tell the truth, as I see it, without fear, and show love without deception. I want to worry

about my neighbors and help them to be better than

I've ever been. I suppose you can sum it all up by

saying that I want to live—"live,"I said, not exist. I

don't want to crawl around the earth like an insect;

I want to walk tall like a man. My head may be in the

feet, I pray, will grip this good brown * stars, but my earth so firmly, that they'll always keep me facing the realities of life.

a yi i/v i ifM ft One day a young man came to see me at Brigham matter of a year or two. A few things in our lives

Young University. I had heard that he was planning to get ready, to get worthy, and then we will be

to get married between college semesters. He was a married.'Of this group an extremely high permember of the Aaronic Priesthood, about eighteen centage never get married in the temple. Brother,

years old, with a great potential, with plans for a you and I both know the chances of your ever getting mission in his future, and I was somewhat alarmed by married in the temple are very slim."

the report. He told me how he felt, that he desired Then he turned and tears welled up in his eyes as

to be married, that the girl, who lived in another state, he said, "But, Bishop, I love her."

was not a member of the Church. Every chance he Logic—that was my language. What was his lanhad he went to visit with her over the weekends. He guage? What was it that concerned him primarily?—

said, "She understands me; she loves me."his feeling, his emotion, his sentiment! What happens

I reasoned with him, "You realize how serious it is when you talk the language of logic to an individual that this girl is not a member of our church? You who understands the language of sentiment? How

must see the implications of that in your life. They can you communicate?

are eternal. This will mean you will marry out of the This to me is an enormous problem that we have

temple and marry out of the faith. Think of the signifiwith our youth in the Church—the logic of eternity

cance of that throughout all of the years you are going versus the sentiment of the moment—and I would like

to live together. Think of the impact of that upon to give my analysis of this problem in terms of what

your children."I call "filling the void,"filling the gap. I want to

"Yes, I know, but my hope is that I can convert outline three voids or three gaps which I believe her, and she will be baptized, and then someday we must be filled before we can successfully solve this can get married in the temple."widespread problem.

Again I reasoned with him, "Don't you realize that The first void or gap is this: People in their youth,

of all of those who plan to get married in the temple, during their teenage period, are at the crossroads of but who initially marry outside of the temple, a very life's decisions—that is, the decisions which they are

high percentage never do? Now these couples are making at this time are more crucial and more stratenot those who wonder if they will get married in the gic in the impact upon their life than perhaps at any

temple or not. These couples fully intended to get other time in their life. By far, also, it is the most

married in the temple. These are they who say as impressionable period. They are most vulnerable to

they go into this temporal marriage 'no question about the feelings of other people, particularly to what is it. I am going to get married in the temple. It is a called their peer groups—their friends, their gangs.

Communicating with Our YouthFlLUNG

BY STEPHEN R. COVEY

PRESIDENT, IRISH MISSION THE

, Tk. VOID 26

B8BHBI@8teiMw* This presents us with a dilemma: the nature of the what is happening—teachers, leaders, and above all

activity and the decision—longrange; the nature of and most importantly, parents. But here is the real

the emotional perspective—shortrange. gap. There exists with most people, in my opinion,

Should I go on a mission? Should I go on to colwho are in their teens, a huge communication barrier

lege? What career should I go into? Should I get between them and their parents—a huge gap, a huge

married? Whom should I marry? Should it be a void, so that they tend not to listen to the wisdom of

temple marriage? Every one of these questions is an their parents. They tend to discount their parents,

eternally significant question because essentially each to write them off as not really understanding them, as amounts to a man's life in the probationary period and not really caring, as just preaching and moralizing is tremendously farreaching. But yet we realize that and evaluating and judging and lecturing. All of these

people are motivated by their emotions, how they kinds of emotional attitudes they often see in their feel about things. If they feel strongly about eternal parents and other adult authorities.

things, they tend to act on that eternal, longrange A survey was taken among teenagers, and the perspective. But when we are immature, when we question was asked: Do you feel close to your parents

are susceptible to the policing of other people's opinso that you would go to your parents if you had perions—particularly our gang, our group—then something sonal problems? A very high percentage said they

happens to that emotional perspective. It reduces in do not feel close to their parents. They would not

size and becomes short. go to their parents, and they would not go to their

Our youth may intellectually understand this teachers in their schools or in the Church because they dilemma, this gap, this void—but it is the emotion out would only get one major response—judgment, a lecof which people act, how they feel about things, not ture, a moral teaching. "They don't understand me.

what they think about them, and this is particularly They don't really care. They are just preaching to me

so the less mature they are. again. I don't want to go to my father; I already

The second gap or void compounds the first probknow what he will tell me. I can predict it."

lem, for it is built upon it. You see, the assumption is often made by parents

Inasmuch as the decisions have longrange conseand teachers and leaders that merely an intellectual quences, and the perspective is short, who is to bridge understanding of right and wrong is adequate to the gap? Obviously the authority people in their life, motivate people to do what is right. But we have

people who have had more extensive experience, who seen that our youth have often the intellectual perspechave had the wisdom of years and years, for they tive that is longrange; but what about their feelings

have gone through similar problems, and they know about these and other (Continued on page 42)

Excerpted from a BYU devotional address.

Genealogical Procedures for 1964

During the first and second quarters of 1964, members teaching committee, the priesthood missionary comof the priesthood genealogical committee will be asmittee, the priesthood genealogical committee, and signed to visit the stakes of the Church. A new the priesthood welfare committee. In these regional

program of interest to all church members will be meetings followup instructions will be given and presented by these genealogical conference visitors. discussions will be held on the programs that will

Under the leadership of President N. Eldon Tanner have been introduced in the quarterly sessions

of the First Presidency, genealogy has received new of conference.

impetus and is going forward under the direction of The genealogical regional meetings will be held the Melchizedek Priesthood of the Church. during the third quarter of the year.

Most stakes have been assigned to regions, and in The program to be presented in stake quarterly each of the 62 regions there have been chosen from conferences during 1964 will include some new facets the stake presidents in that region a priesthood welfare of genealogical activity.

chairman, a priesthood missionary chairman, a priest- A record examination program in every stake and hood genealogical chairman, and a priesthood home mission of the Church will be introduced. In the

teaching chairman, whose job it will be to coordinate missions, each district will be expected to have two the four phases of priesthood activity in the stakes record examiners, and all family group sheets are to of his region. be checked by these district record examiners before

As well as the regular stake quarterly conferences the sheets are submitted for processing.

each region will hold four additional meetings In the stakes, each ward will be expected to have throughout the year, and to these regional meetings two record examiners, and all sheets compiled by will be sent representatives of the priesthood home members of that ward must be approved by the ward

Pertinent Questions Answered QUESTION: The standards of record keeping contained in the Genealogical Instruction Manual relate to the data processing family group record, which

I am told is no longer being printed. Should the standards of record

keeping contained in the manual be adapted to the oldstyle horizontal family group sheet?

ANSWER: Yes. While the placement of certain items on the horizontal family

group record is different from that on the data processing sheet, the manner of recording the many items of identification, for the most part, remains the same.

Only in the following areas will adaptations need to be made.

RECORDING OF NAMES fifteen children in a family, the in- 1. The occupation of the husband Instruction structions appearing in section 2, page

Manual 42 should be followed.

should be recorded in parentheses folReference lowing the recording of his name. Section 2 4. If one or more of the children listed SectionPage 432 Example: WARD, John David Page 21 on a family group record is a progeni-

(Shoemaker) tor, that is a direct ancestor, an "X"2. The number indicating whether the should be placed in front of that child's

name. husband is the first, second, third, etc.,

Example: X ROGERS, Josephhusband of the wife whose name apBenjamin

pears on the family group record Section 2 should be recorded in parentheses Page 28 5. Second and subsequent marriages Section 2

in front of his name. of children should be recorded on the Page 50

Example: (1) WARD, John David bottom of the family group record, as

(Farmer) should details of any illegitimate chil- 3. The oldstyle horizontal family Section 2 dren born to an individual who is listed

Page 42 as a child on a family group record.

group record provides space for the recording of fifteen children. In those Only in those instances where there

instances where there are more than is insufficient space on the bottom of

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA record examiners before the records are submitted to quorums in 1964. Details of these lessons will be

the Genealogical Society in Salt Lake City. A large discussed in the leadership sessions of the genenumber of the records that are received at the Genealogical quarterly conference so that greater priestalogical Society contain errors that will be corrected hood participation can be effected in the family

through this new record examination program before genealogical classes held on MIA night and in the the sheets are submitted to the Genealogical Society. Sunday School genealogical training class.

Another new program that will be introduced in The program for Saturday evening session of the 1964 is the pedigree referral service, which is aimed genealogical quarterly conference has been planned at reducing duplication of research work. Members for all members of the Church and has been espeof the Church will be asked to submit details of the cially designed to strengthen family ties. A motion

surnames on which research has or is presently being picture will be presented, demonstrating the eternal done by them or the family organization of which nature of the Latterday Saint family and the imthey are a part and the locality in which that work is portance of preparing our young people for temple being carried out. This information will be fed into marriage, leading to eternal lives. Every member of

a computer. Before starting research church members the Church is encouraged to attend this and the other

will be encouraged to use this referral service to degeneral sessions of stake quarterly conference.

termine whether others have done work on the pediThe year 1964 will also see the publication of a new gree lines in which they have interest that they may Genealogical Executive Handbook which is designed cooperate with them thereafter. for all leaders in the priesthood and for members of

New priesthood lessons on genealogy and temple stake and ward genealogical committees.

work will be taught in the Melchizedek Priesthood The year 1964 will be a notable one for genealogy.

the sheet to record details of second front of the date to which it refers.

and subsequent marriages of children Example: (ae 75) 6 Sep 1867

and a continuation of the listings of sources of information, should the re- 3-B. If an age at death or burial is to Section 3

verse side of the sheet be used. be recorded for a child on a family Page 63

Apart from these changes, the standgroup record, the age should be reards in section two of the instruction corded in parentheses above the date manual should be followed. to which it refers.

(ae bur. 47) (ae 47) RECORDING OF DATES 1761 1760 Example: 6 May 6 May

Dates of Birth and Christening

Marriage Licenses, Intentions to Marry, 1. If both the date of birth and the Instruction

date of christening are known, both ReferenceManual riages,Marriagesetc. by License, Annulled Marshould be entered. The date of birth

Section 3 should be recorded in the upper part Page 2 4. The entries 'lie"and "int"and "by Section 3of the space marked "When Born"prelie"etc. should be recorded in front of Page 42

ceded by the letter "b."(for born).

the date to which it refers.

The date of christening, preceded by the abbreviation "chr."should be enMarriages of Children

tered in the lower part of the space.

Example: b. 16 Sep 1768

5. Details of second and subsequent Section 3

chr. 17 Sep 1768 marriages of children should be listed Page 53

2. If only the date of christening is on the bottom of the family group

known, it should be entered in the record, as should details of illegitispace headed "When Born"and the mate children born to an individual date of entry should be preceded by who is listed as a child on a sheet.

chr. Only in those instances where there

Example: chr. 6 May 1790 is insufficient space on the bottom of

the sheet to record details of second

Calculated Years of Birth and subsequent marriages of children 3-A. If an age at death or burial is to Section 3 and a continuation of the listings of

be recorded for the husband or the Pages 9, 57 sources of information, should he rewife on a family group record, the age verse side of the sheet be used.

should be recorded in parentheses in (Continued on page 39)

JANUARY 1964 29 BY DAVID H. YARN, JR.

PROFESSOR OF PHILOSOPHY, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

In The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints there are many offices and callings.

Some are general offices, having jurisdiction over some or all aspects of the entire

Church, and others are local offices, having jurisdiction over some or all aspects of a given geographical area of the Church.

In both the general and the local types of offices there are two fundamental kinds of offices, some are priesthood offices and others are auxiliary offices.[HE On both the general and the local levels, in both

priesthood and auxiliary offices in the great majority of instances, the specific organizations are presided over by a presidency (or its counterpart) consisting of three persons. ( Seventies presidencies and a literal descendant

of Aaron as the Presiding Bishop, should there be such,FUMCare striking exceptions.)

When a presiding quorum is to be organized, be it the presidency of the Church, the presidency of a stake, a bishopric, the presidency of a quorum, or the head of an auxiliary, it is the president (or bishop, or superintendent) who is chosen and appointed by the authorizing body. The president (bishop or superintendent) is given the prerogative

of choosing his counselors (or assistants), with the approval of the authorizing body.

The keys of authority of the particular jurisdiction center in the president. He is the one who is called

and made responsible for a particular work. Therefore, the counselors are

counselors to the president.COUNSELORSIllustrative of this point is a statement of the Prophet Joseph Smith concerning the relation of the Twelve

to the First Presidency. He said: "... the Twelve are not subject to any other than the first Presidency,

viz., myself,... Sidney Rigdon, and Frederick G. Williams, who are now my Counselors; and where I am

not, there is no First Presidency over the Twelve.'"1 (Italics added.) Though in this instance the Prophet

was speaking specifically regarding the relation of the Twelve to the First Presidency, he spoke generically regarding the nature of presidencies. In effect he said, where there is no president there is no presidency, or, where there is no bishop there is no bishopric, etc. Counselors receive both their authority and

responsibility because of their calling as counselors to the president, and both their authority and responsibility cease when the president is replaced.

However, being counselors to the president does not mean the counselors are without specific responsibilities of their own. The president, upon examining the total responsibilities of his jurisdiction and the

abilities, aptitudes, experience, and general qualifications of his counselors, delegates certain definite responsibilities to each of them. It is imperative that the counselors, as well as the president, learn their

duties and perform them as faithfully as they know how. Counselors'having specific duties delegated to

them does not, of course, absolve the president of ultimate responsibility for them, but inasmuch as definite

iSmith, Joseph, History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, ed. B. H. Roberts, 2, p. 374.

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA assignments are made to their counselors, presidents does not act independently of the bishop, but subshould not circumvent but honor their counselors in ordinate to the bishop, and is subject entirely to the working through them in accomplishing their duties. bishop's direction.... We can commission and

In all of their work, however, the counselors should appoint; that is, those who preside can call upon their

never lose sight of the fact that they are called to aids for assistance, they can direct them to accomplish aid and assist the president. They should give their labors, but in every instance when they do, it is

considered opinions and best judgment to him in all by and with and under the consent of the presiding matters pertaining to their joint callings. They should authority, and by his advice, but not independently....

counsel frankly and directly. They are not called "... In all these things the presiding officer is the

merely to nod their heads in agreement, but to give head, should be regarded in his place, and his place full expression to their views on the business at should be held sacred in the minds of his associates.

hand. There should be no private motives fostered And no man possessing a correct understanding of

in the counsel given, but all should be done with the spirit of the gospel and of the authority and law an eye single to furthering the work of our of the Holy Priesthood will attempt for a moment to

Father's kingdom. run before his file leader or to do anything that is not

Inasmuch as the president holds the keys and bears strictly in harmony with his wish and the authority the ultimate responsibility for a given work, after that belongs to him. The moment a man in a submatters have been considered, it is his prerogative ordinate position begins to usurp the authority of

and obligation to make the decisions. Similarly the his file leader, that moment he is out of his place,

counselors are obligated to sustain and support the and proves by his conduct that he does not comprepresident's decisions. Therefore, when decisions are hend his duty, that he is not acting in the line of his

made, they are the decisions of the presidency, and calling, and is a dangerous character. He will set

there should be complete unity of feeling and action bad examples, he will mislead, he will lead others on a given matter irrespective of views expressed into error... the moment he acts contrary to and indeprior to the rendering of the decision. In other words, pendent of the direction of his presiding officer; and

the counselors should be fully loyal to the president. if he continues in that course he will go astray

Illustrative of the foregoing, on one occasion Presientirely, and those who follow him will follow dent Joseph F. Smith said: him astray."2

"A bishop is the presiding officer of his ward, and Finally, let it be said that the members of a presiwhere the bishop is in the ward, his counselors and dency should work together. Counselors should not

those who are members of his ward are subject to his only try to perform their specific duties by assignpresidency. He cannot yield it up. He cannot give ment, but they should assist the president fully in

it to another; or, if he does, he violates one of the striving for the success of the entire program. In

sacred principles of the government of the priestturn the president should give full recognition to hood. He may direct his counselors, the first or the his counselors.

second, to do his will, to carry out his wishes, to Consistent with the basic principle that counselors execute his desires, or his commands; but in so doing are called as counselors to a president, to aid and

the counselor does not act as the bishop, but he acts assist him, when the president is released the coununder the direction of the'presiding authority. He selors are automatically released also.

2Smith, President Joseph F., Gospel Doctrine (Fifth Edition), 1939,

pp. 185186.

JANUARY 1964 31

Except the Lord build the House BY GORDON B. HINCKLEY

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE DELIVERED OVER THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM "CHURCH OF THE AIR,"SUNDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1963 As I speak to you I am aware that I have come into your homes guest. like to talk I should as your with our about you

** I that for homes. as concern, you feel do I, some am confident 9 the homes of America.

m Recently of the the through Uni- I thumbed FBI summary

V for 1962. form In Crime Report a words with few a few and

m 9 i..* charts it told a disturbing story—a six percent increase in serious

-* crimes in the period of a single year, a nine percent increase in arrests auto thefts, eighteen nine people under of young up '*> # arrests percent, at increasing with female rate than a faster male arrests. The question that came to mind immediately was how

* long can we go on with a nine percent increase in youth arrests each year? long can how go on we with a nine percent inOne of our national magazines recently carried these words crease... arrests in youth each year?

on the cover: "Morality USA. Do we need a new code to solve

our crisis of immorality? Have our churches failed? Has money

become God? Is sexual morality gone?"(Look, September 24,

1963.) I read this provocative article. I have read others of

similar tone written by men of government, industry, and education who have expressed themselves with deep concern over the moral crisis that evidently is sweeping across the land.

I am not one to believe that all was good in the long ago, and that all is bad today. I think this is the greatest age the

world has known. But I am also confident that there is trouble

in the land.

The article referred to above states: "We are witnessing the

death of the old morality.... The established moral guidelines

have been yanked from our hands. We are left floundering in a

moneymotivated, sexobsessed, big city dominated society. We

must figure out for ourselves how to apply the traditional moral principles to the problems of our times. Many find this burden

... the Mormons take it for granted that God knows too heavy."( Idem, p. 74.

our familiar and titles, names and will ask a blessing I should like to add that many of our youth will not and particular on a individual by name.

cannot figure out for themselves how to apply the traditional moral principles. They find this burden much too heavy. They

must have help. They must have guidance. They must

have example.

Private and public morality are rooted in the homes of the people. No nation is stronger than its homes. It is in the

home that examples of virtue are best caught and lessons of virtue are best taught.

It was said of old, "Except the Lord build the house, they labour in vain that build it."(Psalm 127:1.)

We could not expect a miracle in a day, but in a generation we would have a miracle.

And so I welcome this opportunity to talk with "Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures you, and particularly you parents of the youth of more than lovers of God."(2 Tim. 3:1-4.)

America, on a theme on which I have expressed myself His words fit in a remarkable way the conditions previously, and one which I feel is timely. described in the magazine article to which I have

All agree that we need a new emphasis on honesty, referred. Simple as it may sound, I think daily

character, and integrity. All agree that only as we prayer in the homes of the nation would in a generabuild again into the fiber of our lives the virtues which tion lift our heads above the flood that evidently

are the essence of true civilization will the pattern is engulfing us.

of our times change. The question that confronts us I feel satisfied that there is no adequate substitute

is, where shall we begin? for the morning and evening practice of kneeling

I am satisfied that it must begin with recognition together before the Lord—father, mother, and chilof God as our Eternal Father, of our relationship to dren. The very practice of kneeling together with

him as his children, with communication with him in thankful hearts evaporates some of those qualities recognition of his sovereign position, and with daily described by Paul: "Disobedient to parents, without

supplication for his guidance in our affairs. natural affection."

I submit that a return to the old pattern of prayer, There is something in the very posture of kneeling family prayer in the homes of the people, is one of the that contradicts some of the attitudes he noted:

simple medicines that would check the dread disease "Proud, heady, highminded."

that is eroding the fiber of our character. We could The inclination to be unholy, as Paul described it,

not expect a miracle in a day, but in a generation we to be unthankful, is erased as together the family would have a miracle. thanks the Lord for life and peace and all they have.

A generation or two ago family prayer in the homes And as they thank the Lord for one another there of Christian people throughout the world was as is developed within the family a new appreciation, a much a part of the day's activity as were the meals. new respect, a new affection one for another.

As that practice has diminished, our moral decay has I know of nothing that will ease family tensions, ensued. I fear that as the quality of our housing has that in a subtle way will bring about that respect for

improved, the spirit of our homes has deteriorated. parents which leads to obedience, that will effect a

The discipline that is needed in our lives is the spirit of repentance which will largely erase the blight discipline that comes from within. Many are crying of broken homes, than will praying together, verbally

for more legislation and stricter law enforcement. confessing our weakness before the Lord, and invok-

I do not disparage these as expedients, but I fear ing the blessings of the Lord upon the home and they are only expedients. Virtue, integrity, honesty those who dwell there.

do not come of imposition from without. They are In remembering together before the Lord the poor,

the fruits of good teaching and good example, and the needy, and the oppressed there is developed, that teaching and that example are best followed unconsciously but realistically, a love for others above when they are found in the home. self, a respect for others, a desire to serve the

Paul of old declared to Timothy: "This know also, needs of others.

that in the last days perilous times shall come. One cannot ask God to help a neighbor in distress,

"For men shall be lovers of their own selves, without feeling motivated to do something oneself.

... blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankWhat miracles would happen in the lives of the

ful, unholy, children of America if they would lay aside their "Without natural affection,... despisers of those selfishness and lose themselves in the service of

that are good, others. The seed from (Continued on page 56)

JANUARY 1964 33 "Constancy amid change"seems to be a phrase be remembered, is to explain the present—to underwhich could well characterize the story of the stand the various forces which have helped make

Church in the twentieth century. The major obthe Church what it is today and, in a very real sense,

jectives and doctrines of the Church—its basic conhelped make each person what he is because of

cern for the salvation of mankind and its desire his church membership. We briefly enumerate,

to broadcast the gospel of Christ as restored through therefore, some of the significant changes which have

Joseph Smith—have all remained constant. Great taken place.

changes, however, took place within the Church as 1. The membership of the Church has increased

it began to integrate itself more fully with national tremendously. The Church has grown from approxilife and economics and, eventually, with the probmately 236,300 in the year 1900 to more than two

lems of effective worldwide expansion. New million in 1963, and forty stakes of Zion have multiproblems, new leadership, and new strength from plied to nearly 400.

expanding numbers, political influence, and financial 2. Directly contributing to the growth of the

growth all contributed to this changing pattern of Church has been a renewed concept of the worldwide church influence. As we study the twentieth cennature of the Church. Instead of encouraging contury, therefore, we should have some of these things verts to emigrate from their homeland and cast their

in mind in order to try to determine how and why lots with the Saints in Utah, the Church now encourthe Church became what it is today. A basic reaages them to stay at home and to build up Zion in

son for studying the history of the Church, it should their native lands. The results have been a dwindling

hmin

CONDUCTED BY THE

UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM xf\

Let's Study the Twentieth Century

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Utah's significance in percentage of total church of teaching the gospel was officially adopted for all population (today approximately twentyfive percent the missions of the Church.

of the population of the Church lives in Utah as 4. Since 1896 the publicity given the Church has

compared with seventythree percent in 1900), a been vastly different and disseminated more effecmigration of many Utahborn Mormons to other tively to the world. Furthermore, the active participarts of America where economic opportunity beckpation of outstanding Latterday Saints in diverse

oned (in 1900, for example, only a handful of church phases of American life has brought a different sort members made their homes in California, but by 1960 of national recognition and great new respect for the approximately 12.4 percent of the population of the Church. To name only a few such men: James E.

Church dwelt in this state), and an unprecedented Talmage, John A. Widtsoe, and Henry Eyring in

move to build temples in various parts of the world, various fields of science; Reed Smoot, J. Reuben

the establishment of stakes of Zion on the European Clark, Jr., and Ezra Taft Benson in national and

continent and the Southern Hemisphere and, geninternational politics; J. Willard Marriot and George

erally, a greater bond of brotherhood between memRomney in the business world. These and many

bers of the Church of diverse races and nationalities. others have helped create a new image of the typical

3. With the expansion of missionary work has come Mormon for the twentieth century investigator.

a new evaluation of the missionary program and its 5. The rapid growth of the Church has necessitated

techniques, resulting in a worldwide mission conferthe augmenting of the organization of the Church.

ence in which a new and unified systematic program Although the Council of the Twelve previously had

BY DR. JAMES B. ALLEN / Assocprofessor, college of religious instruction, brigham young university

JANUARY 1964 39 various assistants, not until this cengaged in agricultural pursuits. ( John others. It is interesting to note that

tury did the position of "Assistant to A. Widtsoe, The Improvement Era, today the Church offers career opthe Twelve"become a part of the March 1952, p. 143. ) This, of course, portunities in many of these fields.

organization of the General Authoriis a reflection of a changing econIt is obviously impossible to disties. The regional grouping of stakes omy in which church members cuss all the interesting and farfor welfare and educational purposes, naturally participated. It is having reaching developments which have

the grouping of missions into various a telling effect upon the image prebegun to mark the second half of regional organizations, and the vastly sented by the Church to the world, the twentieth century. A few addiexpanding facilities of the various however, and is an illustration of tional items, however, should at

departments of the church offices in the role that external forces often least be mentioned.

Salt Lake City are all part of the play in the development of church The worldwide growth of the continuing change which must take history. Church has caused a widening of

place in the organization of an 9. Another development of the scope in the activities of the General

evergrowing Church. A most sigtwentieth century has been the Authorities. Their increased travel

nificant development in the 1960's great improvement in the financial responsibilities take them now to has been the recreation of an allstructure of the Church. The almost every major area of the

church coordinating council, headed twentieth century inherited a Church world, except Soviet Russia and the by Elder Harold B. Lee of the heavily in debt. Since the time of mainland of China.

Council of the Twelve. This counPresident Joseph F. Smith, however, The growth of the Church has

cil, acting in an advisory capacity to the Church has moved out of also brought about a dynamic the General Authorities, is designed debt. During President Heber J. mushrooming of its global building

to augment greatly the effectiveness Grant's administration the policy program. Approximately 1,000 buildof church administration. was adopted of reserving parts of ing projects are either on the draw-

6. In the field of education many church income against possible periing boards, being approved, or

significant changes have come in the ods of business depression. under construction. These include

twentieth century. Churchowned chapels throughout the world, office

academies, once a major service of buildings, church college and unieducation in the intermountain versity buildings, and buildings to states, were abandoned in favor of house seminary and institutes of public education. Added to the FOOD FOR THOUGHT religion. All this work is directed

program of the Church, however, is BY JOHN McNAIR by the church building department the seminary program for high in Salt Lake City.

school students and the institutes of A significant twentieth century dereligion for college students, proMixed with learning, a dash of reavelopment in the building program viding offcampus religious insoning is the use of multiple ward chapels.

struction and counseling for LDS Adds to knowledge the spice of Chapels now being built are destudents in nonchurch schools. In seasoning, signed for the use of at least two

addition, the dynamic growth University as wellBrigham Young of Which sprinkled through each wards,the finestand facilitiessometimes maythree.stillThusbe

as the support given to other church thought expressed, provided to each ward as continued colleges is evidence of continued Gives the meat of conversation zest! growth causes constant divisions.

highlevel interest in education. Two buildings of special signifiOther church schools have recently cance have recently been announced

seen great expansion. The cost of by the Church. The first is a large

education is a big. part of the annual office building now being conbudget of the Church. 10. The growth of the Church in structed in Salt Lake City. Such a

7. A most important development the twentieth century has brought building is needed to house the

in the twentieth century is the welinto its program many professional rapidly expanding administrative fare program. While not a change services and made them an essenoffices of the Church, as well as the

in philosophy, as far as the church's tial part of church administration. office and library of the church hisresponsibility toward its members is While the Church still holds to the torian and facilities for auxiliary

concerned, it is a dramatic program important ideal of voluntary, unpaid organizations.

developed to meet current and posecclesiastical service, its vast proThe second proposed building is a sible future needs of the Church in gram has made it necessary to emskyscraper to be built in New York welfare work. ploy fulltime professional people in City. This will house the New York

8. One effect of the twentieth cen- a wide variety of occupations. These Stake and the Manhattan Ward. It

tury upon the Church is seen in the positions include secretaries, buildwill also serve as headquarters of changing occupational status of its ing supervisors, architects, draftsthe Eastern States Mission. Space

members. Nineteenth century Mormen, school administrators, teachers not immediately used by the Church

monism was largely an agrarian soon all academic levels, experienced will be leased to other groups for ciety, although some industry had operators of high speed business office space.

found its way into Utah. By the machines, business executives, lawShowing its continued interest in

middle of this century, however, yers, social workers, technicians in the education of its youth, the only twentythree percent of the all phases of the building trades, Church has in recent years estabmembers of the Church were engardeners, custodians, and many lished a new program of church

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA activity on college campuses. Betion in Boston and New York over first European stake was created

ginning at BYU, the college students which general conferences and other earlier the same year at Rotterdam, were organized into stakes and church programs may be heard in Holland. Thus the policy of buildwards and branches, pertaining to many parts of the world, symbolizing up Zion throughout the world

their own universities and colleges. ing the continued unity of the is being realized in the current era,

Now where such are available, a Church in its global activities. and the organization of stakes

student away from home is inFinally, it must again be noted brings the full advantages of the structed to become part of the colthat one of the most important Church as well as increased responlege ward in connection with the moves of the Church in recent sibility to members of the Church, institution he attends, no matter years has been the organization of worldwide.

where he lives in town. stakes in countries outside the

An interesting move was anUnited States in Mexico and CanSome Modern Problems nounced in October 1962, with the ada. A LatinAmerican stake was It should not be assumed, of

purchase of a shortwave radio stacreated in 1961 in Mexico City. The course, that the growth of the

Church has come without a multitude of problems. In the field of

church administration, for example, it is apparent that officials face a heavy task in coordinating the

THE HABITS: "COBWEBS, THEN multipleChurch is activitiesengaged. in Atwhichthe localthe

SPOKEN also great level are problems. Here WORD a CABLES"stake presidents bishops have and

become responsible in the twentieth century for a variety of tasks which

RICHARD L. EVANS continually increase in both number and complexity. The duties of

In this whole broad subject of selfcontrol, one phase not sufficiently purthe stake president, for example, sued is that of habits we have. That we are "creatures of habit"1 is a have become more complex than

commonly accepted comment. But habits are not inherent, not inevitable, many church members realize. He

not alterable. Habits may become deeply fixed upon us, good or bad, needs almost to be a specialist in

but the bad habits, it sometimes seems, tie themselves to us more tenathe field of administration since he ciously—perhaps because bad habits often have to do with appetites, has become personally responsible

with habitforming, enslaving substances, with things that create a craving, for the coordination of many sepand sometimes even with things that appeal to the baser side of ourselves. arate groups. Included in his

There is an old Spanish proverb that says: "Habits are at first cobwebs, administration assignments are such

then cables."2 But never can we safely concede that we are helpless things as the following: planning

before our habits. If we form habits in the first place, which we do, we and conducting stake conferences,

must be able to break them, which we can; change them, which we must supervision of the welfare program

if they are wrong habits. With our habits, or against them, we must not (including farms, canneries, and

do that which our better sense or our better selves would not suggest, other projects), servicemen's comor that which would create an unquiet conscience. If we were to concede mittee, stake board of education,

that the habits we acquire are beyond our control, we would be conceding ward conferences, priesthood activvirtual enslavement. "We first make our habits, and then our habits make ity (both Aaronic and Melchizedek),

us,"3 wrote John Dryden. Choosing and controlling our habits is a vitally supervision of home teaching proimportant part of life's process. This suggests the importance of early gram, correlation of all auxiliaries,

guidance, of home influence and example. A childish act may seem service on various regional commitinconsequential. But a trend or tendency is not inconsequential. An attitees and subcommittees (welfare,

tude is not inconsequential. What to begin with, seems to be something education, temple, etc.). It is not

we can take or leave, may become something we feel we must have. surprising that many stake presi-

"Just this once"may lead to "just once more."Once more may lead to dents report that much of their

many more until we have a habit. Concerning someone who gambled working time is spent on church

and explained that he had only played for a "trifle,"Plato replied: "The assignments. Ward bishops, too,

habit is not a trifle."4 Despite all explanations, all excuses, all rationalizing, have many and varied administrathe laws of life, the laws of health, the commandments are in force, and tive responsibilities in addition to

we must have the character and conviction to control, to change, to make their timeconsuming function as or break or abandon the habits we have. We can form good habits or "fathers"of the wards and counsebreak bad habits—if we want to. But nothing much is done unless lors to the members. The General

we want to. Handbook of Instructions used by

ward and stake authorities, lists over iGeorge B. Cheever (180790), American clergyman. thirty specific responsibilities.

proverb. 2Spanish (16311700), English poet and author. The economic, social, and politi3John Dryden

*Plato, quoted by Montaigne in his Essays, bk I, ch. 23. cal pressures of the era in which we

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia live have their effect. Only by

Broadcasting System, November 10, 1963, Copyright 1963. striving to understand these forces

JANUARY 1964 37

can members of the Church hope to HeWho-WillBe-Chief hand. Angus flung himself back

meet the challenges they present. against the cave wall, slipped on the

It should be also noted that the ( Continued from page 23 icy floor, grasped wildly for support field of secular education presents and went down, the fiercesome beast certain important problems and chalslavering, while Angus'hand closed astride him.

lenges to the Church as its members around the handle of his sheath In sheer desperation, Angus take their places in the highly techknife and yanked it free. Without twisted sidewise and brought his

nical and scientific world of the warning, the wolverine leaped, a knife forward with a short, swift latter twentieth century. Traditionsnarling, slashing bundle of fury. uppercut that went home.

ally the Church has placed great With a wild cry, Angus thrust up Where sharp teeth had ripped his emphasis upon the importance of his left arm, catching the brute clothing, Angus felt the stinging bite education. The youth of today are under its jaw, while his right hand of air. Rolling over, he scrambled

especially urged to attend colleges, plunged the knife blade into its erect, stabbing again and again with universities, and professional schools shoulder. The point scraped bone his knife, blindly. Half mad with

that will best suit them in their indiand glanced aside. Again, Carcajou pain and terror, feeling waves of

vidual interests and ambitions. lunged, this time for the boy's knife agony surging up his leg, Angus fell

In attempting to meet the challenges of higher education, the

Church has taken at least two important steps: (1) It has created a

fine university which may well set the intellectual standard for the

Church in its dedication to the dis- 'THE of truthcovery from all sources. SPOKENHABIT: SERVANT OR MASTER? profesWORD UniversityBrigham Young

sors are retained not only for their devotion to the Church but also for their scholastic attainments in diRICHARD L. EVANS

verse fields of study; (2) for students not attending church colleges, "Habit,"said Nathaniel Emmons, "is either the best of servants or the

the Church has been liberal in proworst of masters."1 In considering this subject we have emphasized someviding for institutes of religion at what the negative side—habit as the "worst of masters"—and have suggested

scores of campuses in the United that we must not let habits prompt us to do that which is contrary to our

States and Canada. Institute inbetter sense or our better selves. But today we should like to turn a

structors are retained, not only for moment to the more positive side: habit as "the best of servants"—for

their devotion to the Church, but forming good habits is as important as breaking bad ones. "Young peralso because they are considered sons are creatures of impulse,"said George B. Cheever. "Old persons are

academically qualified to approach creatures of habit. Almost everything is impulse with a little child, and

religion at the college level. nothing can be called habit; almost everything is habit in... old age,

and there is very little that can be called impulse. As character to be

What of Tomorrow? used for eternity must be formed in time and in good time, so good habits

to be used for happiness in this life must be formed early."2 "We are all

The history of the Church has the time following the influences which will presently be our rulers,"said been dramatic. The student of Herman L. Wayland. "We are making our own destiny. We are choosing

church history, however, might well our habits... In time these acquire a power over us."3 This is true

remember that history becomes most and sobering, but not necessarily negative. We can break bad habits and

meaningful as it helps him undermake good habits—if we want to. And right habits can be as useful as

stand the present and prepare for wrong habits can be destructive. Indeed, in one sense, habit is another

the future. Challenges have been word for routine, or at least habit and routine run together in many respects.

met with energy and enthusiasm. And like all the other forces in life, habit may be directed to negative or

The gospel of the Savior, as restored positive purposes. Constructively, we may form the habit of studying,

through the Prophet Joseph Smith, the habit of working, the habit of reading; the habit of paying debts, of

is beginning to "fill the earth."meeting obligations; we may form habits of kindness and courtesy; the

The Church, it would seem, is habit of wholesome thinking; even the habit of happiness. Some habits

only on the verge of its true greatlead to frustration, inefficiency, ill health, and heartache. Some lead to

ness. The future will be dramatic accomplishment, effectiveness, good character, and quiet conscience. These

and exciting. More important, howwords of George D. Boardman are recalled, as quoted by President David

ever, is the fact that just as the past O. McKay: "Sow an act, and you reap a habit; sow a habit, and you reap a

has had its effect upon the present, character; sow a character, and you reap a destiny."4

the activities of today will affect the future. The ideals, the activities, iNathaniel Emmons (17451840), American theologist.

and the decisions of today's youth 2GeorgesHerman B.L. CheeverWayland(180790),(183098),AmericanAmericanclergyman.clergyman.

will form the basis for the ideals, 4George D. Boardman (18281903), American clergyman.

activities, and decisions of to- "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia morrow's leaders. Broadcasting System, November 17, 1963. Copyright 1963.

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA back against the wall of the cave Genealogy St. John's Bristol, Gloucs, Eng.

and fainted. Section 4

It was still twilight when Angus (Continued from page 29) Page 5 pushed up out of the cavern, carryChildren ing the ears of Carcajou in his hand. Information Other Than Exact Date

Aching all over now, and spent, he of Death or Burial Known 2. In recording a fourstage identifirested against a windfall log. Whimcation for the place of birth or

christening of of a child, the namepering, his injured he examined "between,"1 leg 6. explanations99 The t<

parish), state, before,r 99 the county, town (or wd,l admon,J wp, inand found his thigh the wound not as bad as it felt. It would lame "after,"etc. should be recorded, in or country should be recorded in the

him, and he would carry its scar all parentheses, in front of the date to normal way. The name of the

his life. He felt a glow of pride start which they refer. smaller area should be recorded

up inside him, as he tied his kerExample: (wd) 5 April 1864 above the name of the town or parchief around the gash and stood up. (admon) 6 Sep 1824 ish of which it is a part.

loss from of blood, felt weakHe but PageSection59 3 Example: Bristol,St. John's,Gloucs, Eng. out,he that would he knew. make

these changes, the Apart from Carefully, broke he a narrow pasDates of Death or Burial of Children standards in section infour of thesage the through snowslide to where his snowshoes, pack, and rifle lay 7. If the date of burial of a child struction manual should be followed.

scattered. Gently the furry he poked is instead of recorded a date of LISTING SOURCES SEARCHED insideears the pack, then deep down explanation the additional death,

his snowshoes,put on bending with "bur."recorded should above be is If insufficient there the space on difficulty,great gathered the and up of burial. date the front of oldstyle the horizontal famrifle. cautiously edged around He bur. ily to group record allow the itemslide,the presently limping, enand 30 Example: May 1856 ization all of the sources searched,tered clearing the his father's where Section 3

cache stood. There would be firePage 63 the listings should be continued on

wood and warmth in the cabin, and 8. If both the date of death and the the reverse side of the sheet.

Section 5 child, burial are for a of date knownin start back. could the morning he

1 Page should the of death date only then as night on, the Overhead, came recorded. his bestars brightened. held Angus

Apart from these changes, the Initials of Hired Researcher the throbhead high now, despite inthe three in section standards of leg. in hisbing ache Now, he knew If the actual research carried was followed. be should struction manualthat indeed earned a he had new in out behalf of the patron by a Section 3nameHe-WhoWill-BeChief. The paid, researcher, hired initials the 64 Page

thought came clear as running water, of the hired researcher should be that only the gods a youth whom in parentheses above the NECESSARY placed ANY selected that could earnhad name, the patron. name of EXPLANATIONS

tellas probably would Old Man him. He knew, now, how Old Man There is no designated space on (CBW)

had gotten the long scar across his the oldstyle family group sheet for Example: John D. Williams

shoulders.... the recording of "Any Necessary 643 So. 1st Street

Meanwhile, on the morrow he Explanations."Salt Lake City, Utah

would skin the wolverine, hanging If there is need to record additionits carcass high in a spruce. He al and related items of genealogical

all reset search out andwould the importance, such information can A Scholar, A Gentle Man his father's confirest of traps with on the bottom either be recorded dence. There would be no more of the family group sheet or on a (Continued from page 20)

Indian devils for the spirit of note of explanation attached to the

Carcajou killed by HeWho-WillBe- family group record. He wrote ward teaching lessons

Chief would warn others away. The Apart from these changes, the for Ensign Stake. He wrote textLittle-Peopleof-theBush would be standards in section five of the inbooks on the Old and New Testagrateful; they would repay him by struction manual should be followed. ments for the Seventy. But he wrote

letting themselves be caught in his Section 5 best about the heart of his people traps. Best of all, Sarah could go Page 6 and the things which made hearts

away to teacher's boarding school, beat faster with pride and love for and while they would all miss her, RECORDING OF PLACES this place of refuge in the mounhe knew that it would be for the best. tains. He didn't say it as tersely as

Never again need he fear the Evil Husband and Wife did Isaiah, but the theme was

Ones of the bush, for HeWho-Willthe same:

BeChief had proved himself a man. 1. In recording a place with a four- "And it shall come to pass that the

When it came his time to be called stage identification, the four entries mountain of the Lord's house shall

Old Man and he was, indeed, Chiefshould be written on the same line. be established in the top of the

ofthe-Village, he would guide the Example: Millside, Wigan, Lanes, mountains... and all nations shall

people wisely. Eng. flow unto it...

JANUARY 1964 39 "And we shall learn of his ways."feeling of being not wanted, but with famous men, saw the picture

(See Isa. 2:2-3.) rather one of "You grace our home of President J. Golden Kimball on

It would not be just to pass by by your presence."The author has the wall and remembered an anechis relationship to his family. One never forgotten the occasion. dote of this famous seventy and

and all, his brothers and sisters What did President Young think humorist. These were the outward

speak of his concern for them, which in his 90th year? He came to his appearing things.

he constantly exhibited. And, one office two or three times a week, But inwardly?

and all, his nieces and nephews opened his mail, revived old memoHow does one measure the good would shout with joy whenever he ries with old friends at the Lion done in fiftyfour years as a memappeared among them. He was a House, told stories of his association ber of the First Council of the

prime entertainer. Has anyone ever

heard him imitate various wellknown characters who lived in our childhood, or in recent times for that matter. He was a great mimic. He

caught the chief characteristics of those he saw and delineated these THESPOKEN THE PASSING OF THE strong points with happy imitation. WORD a PRESIDENTWe have laughed ourselves breathless at his theatrical antics. We have

been seated in subdued attention, our throats aching while he told of the RICHARD L. EVANS

great monuments, shrines, literature, and art of Europe. He could take a With a sorrowing America, we join this day in mourning the passing of

painting and make the viewer feel the the President. John Fitzgerald Kennedy is mourned by unnumbered multiemotions of those who were painted tudes, not only here, but wherever there are knowing human hearts. In

as well as those of the painter. The a short lifetime he realized an almost incredible accomplishment, and will

canvas would spring to life, and be remembered unpredictably far into the future.

many things we thought of hardly at But our thoughts today are more for those who mourn him in the close all became beautiful because he relationship of life—his loved ones. The official loss does not make less

showed us their beauty. "Beautiful"their personal loss. May the peace and comfort and understanding of the

had special meaning for him. Father of us all be with them in these anguished hours, and in all yet

There are those of us today who future difficult days—with faith in eternal continuance—faith in his eternal

thank him for inspiring us to read plan and purpose. "There is a future, O thank God!"1—a future where

better books than we could digest our loved ones wait.

and raising us to ever higher levels. And now our fellow Americans, may we turn our thoughts a moment

Yet, he never spoke above us. He to some words from the past that have much meaning for the present:

assumed we were his age and took "It is a time... for searching of the conscience, for humility of spirit,

us into his confidence as though, for the heartfelt prayer of the whole people for light, for guidance, for actually, we were. In a family strength, for sanity, for that passion for righteousness which consumes all

gathering with the conversation hitpride, scorn, arrogance, and trust in the things that perish.... Therefore, let

ting high on cultural things, if a the Nation search itself.... And thus let us plead and pray: Almighty God,

sixyear-old interrupted with a queswho in former time leddest our fathers forth... give Thy grace... to us

tion or a comment, it was treated by their children, that we may always... do Thy will. Bless our land with

Uncle Lee as though the child were honorable industry, sound learning, and pure manners. Defend our

an adult. This is a common trait liberties; preserve our unity. Save us from violence, discord, and confuof all of our aunts and uncles, but sion... and from every evil way."2

Uncle Lee had it better developed, From a century past we add to this these lines from Abraham Linperhaps, because he was better incoln: "It behooves us then, to humble ourselves... and to pray for

formed. Every child felt important clemency and forgiveness... All this being done in sincerity and trutn...

to the family—and equally important that the united cry of the nation will be heard on high... "3

to Uncle Lee. The writer of this

article when at age 10, shortly after "Our fathers'God to thee, the marriage of Uncle Lee to Author of liberty,

Valeria Brinton, decided to go callTo thee we sing.

ing on them for supper. So about Long may our land be bright

4:00 pm he walked to the Young With freedom's holy light.

house. He was admitted without a Protect us by thy might,

question, a case of books called his Great God, our King! 4

attention, and when Uncle Lee came home, supper was had with enry de Lafayette Webster, Lorena.

the conversation carefully geared 2Editorial,3Excerpt fromThe Proclamation,Outlook, NovemberMarch29,30,1902.1863.

to his level. Uncle Lee discussed *Samuel F. Smith, My Country, 'Tis of Thee.

Horatio Alger as seriously as Dick- "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia ens, Poe, or Goethe. There was no Broadcasting System, November 24, 1963. Copyright 1963.

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jfcrti

# WHAT WILL pp.'ml::: $100,000.00

DO FOR BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY?

Mr. J. Earl Garrett, President of

Mayfair, Grand American and El

Rancho Markets presents final It will furnish a small portion of the Educational future checks in $100,000.00 gift to

BYU. for your son or daughter, should they choose to attend

the BYU... Earmarked for the school's Destiny Fund,

the interest from which will be spent for buildings,

salaries, and new facilities. This money represents the

profit from $10,000,000.00 of grocery sales by

Grand American, El Rancho and Mayfair Markets in

your area.

Green Stamps WE GIVE 4% HI JANUARY 1964 41

Seventy, twenty or so of them as its Filling the Void take on some meaning. What do

senior president? What memory we mean by the primary laws of

can conjure up the quarterly conlove? These evolve around essenferences he attended, the spread ( Continued from page 27 tially this idea: I affirm you your

of time covering from a slow trip in right to be. I acknowledge with

a white top wagon or a buggy, to great reverence and respect your recently a trip to New York by fast things? How could I so expand their existence, that you are a person of

airplane? He may have mused over emotional perspective that they worth, that you have a Divine

the fact that only two of his living would act upon those righteous feelFather and Mother, that you in your brethren have served longer, Presiings instead of the narrow and short very humanity are worth loving, and dent David O. McKay and President feelings which lead them into the above all, in your very divinity,

Joseph Fielding Smith. He had paths of destruction? There is a worth loving. This is apart from

known each President of the Church big gap, a huge void. If parents and your performance or your behavior.

since Brigham Young and knew him teachers do not fill the void, who I may not like your behavior. I may

by association with those who did. will? The group will—the group be upset with it, but I affirm you, I

He had known every apostle apthey go along with. respect you. I honor you as a perpointed since 1870, and some who What are the central values of son, I listen to you. I try to

lived before. He had known every most youth groups? Social, mateunderstand.

senior president of the Seventy, for rial, and physical values—the clothing An illustration: My friend, a stake

he remembered well his Grandfather I wear, my looks, the way I feel, president, had a son who did not

Joseph Young, who in 1835 became behave, talk, think, look, the friends desire to go on a mission. The stake

the first senior president. I have, my status symbols. These president said, "Son, you know that

He had the satisfaction of having are the things which give me be- I want you to go on a mission, but I been given honors from men in longing and acceptance in this also want you to know that the deabundance and to have been a group. But of whom is the group cision is yours. If you should decide

member of educational, religious, made up? It is composed of people to go, your mother and I will be

and scientific societies, and had a just like me who have shortrange very delighted. If you should dehand in the committee to establish emotional perspective, who are concide not to go on a mission, we will

the Jews in their homeland. He cerned almost entirely with shortalso honor and respect you in that

looked with satisfaction over his range things—material, social, and decision."The son decided that the

work in the Utah Historical Society physical; and unless I comply and sacrifice was too great; he did not

and its recognition of his contribuconform, I fear rejection and ostrahave the desire to go. The parents

tions with a life membership. cism. I need to belong, to be acaccepted the decision and fully supHe was interested, not so much in cepted. Therefore, I have to comply. ported him in it as they had

the facts of the gospel—the day by I am almost forced to unless the gap promised. A year later the boy,

day occurrences—as he was in the lift is filled by someone else. Who is to responding to love and newfound

of the gospel to the human spirit. fill that gap? It has to be parents, spiritual values, decided yes, he did

Theology to him was not a science, it the leaders, and the teachers. But want a mission. He made an internal

was an art, with all of the spiritual how, when there is such an enormous commitment, not to his parents, but feeding which comes to an artist. communication barrier? to himself and his God.

Each of us who has known him This brings us into a discussion of Again, if I as a parent can live the may try to place a value on what he the third void. primary laws of love, by that affirmahas meant to us-. It can't be done, To all of us who are concerned tion I encourage obedience to the

for just as we think we have balwith this problem of youth—and all primary laws of life. What are these

anced the sheet some new memory of us, I am sure, are as teachers, laws of life? Stay faithful in the

forces us to see further his influence leaders, and parents—there is this Church and all the teachings of the

on us. His Alma Mater, the Univerthird gap which must be bridged Church—the laws of repentance and

sity of Utah, tried to put into words before one can really bridge the obedience, the laws regarding eduand action that influence when it first motivationperspective gap and cation—all of the laws which have

bestowed on him the degree of Docthe second communication gap—to do with the growth and developtor of Humanities in 1960. He another void which must be filled. ment of a personality towards the

accepted the accolade with humility And this is the void in our own lives eventual position of exaltation in the and grateful dignity. between our own beliefs and our celestial kingdom—a celestialized

Dr. Young! His father had been own actual behavior—particularly our personality.

Dr. Young. He kept the title to emotional, attitudinal behavior. That What is it, then, that can fill this

his breast against the day when is the crucial void. What do I mean? most important void—that is, the

he would meet his father once more, If parents, leaders, and teachers void in our own lives as parents, as gentle smile meeting gentle smile. will obey the primary laws of love, teachers, and as leaders—the gap beThey were much alike, these too, they encourage obedience to the tween what I say with my mouth

each in his way, pioneering the good primary laws of life. If, on the other and intellectualize with my mind

things, eschewing the evil, trying hand, parents, teachers, and leaders and how I behave, and how I feel not to harm any man, loving the disobey the primary laws of love, down here in my heart? I think that

gospel, practising its precepts, and they encourage disobedience to the void must be filled because I feel presenting to the world the gentle primary laws of life. Let me give the pressure, and you feel the pressmile of the born gentle man. some definitions so that this will sure to meet the expectations of so42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Have youciety. We ourselves are immersed

in all of these value systems—social, given this

material, physical. We are anxiousto have successful children who any thought?

obey and conform. And when we see

nonconformity, we tend to take it personally. We become subjectively

involved and value our own acceptance more than the essential, intrinsic worth of our children. And

so we tend to disobey the primary laws of love—we try to manipulate

and force and push and cajole and use logic or any other means necessary to get people to do the right thing.

In my opinion the answer in filling this void between my feeling about my children, my students, etc., and

my verbal behavior, my intellectual belief is in the depth of my conversion to the Lord Jesus Christ, where

I begin to feel in my heart that he Ten years can find you far loves me with an infinite and a diahead if you plan wisely now vine love and that therefore I can love with great reserves my children, and open a fast growing with great affirmation. Then I can Savings Account at dependable

discipline, yes. Then I can give advice, yes. Teach, yes. But this is Deseret Federal - where savings

a relationship of unbased upon of grow at the high current rate of loveconditional and acceptance the person. I am building the rela4V2%, and the return of your intionship as I have the relationship

with the Savior. But often in our vestment is always guaranteed.

attempt to build a relationship with No risk. Compare the earning in the

the Savior, we project our own human experiences which are unforchart below.

giving, judging, and rejecting, so that we do not see the Savior literally as a friend, as an intimate associatewhom we can get to know and feel FINANCIAL!. Y IN 1974?

deeply in our hearts, and therefore we "often will not allow that void to /COMPARE \ EARNINGS IN 10 YEARS be filled—the void between us and

the Savior. / AMOUNT at 3V2 % at 4% 4V2%

And now to youth, I say this: Try / $ 500 $ 207.39 $ 242.97 $ 280.25

thisto understand problem—this gap

lives—thatin your act / 1,000 414.78 485.94 560.50 do tend to you

upon shortrange emotional perspec- / 3,000 1,244.33 1,457.84 1,681.53

tive. Seek out the wisdom of your / 5,000 2,073.89 2,429.74 2,802.55

elders. Seek out a relationship with / 10,000 4,147.78 4,859.48 5,605.00

them—the kind of relationship I have

been speaking about. But try to Save by mail, DFS pays the postage both ways.

understand why that relationship is difficult to achieve. In other words, Save by the 20th - earn from the first.

I ask you to try to understand your parents, try to affirm them in their current rate on INSURED SAVINGS right to make mistakes and to be imperfect and to grow through the mistakemaking process. All of us

are mistakemakers. If you will do

that, then you can lean on the wisdom of the gospel of Jesus Christ and make decisions which have longrange perspective in them. FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN.

44 SOUTH MAIN IN SALT LAKE CITY 95 NORTH UNIVERSITY IN PROVO

JANUARY 1964 43 W,MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD Student Wards, Branches ofWard*Wthe membersUniversitysurroundNinth BishopWard, RichardUniversityJ, Marshallof Utah.

From the beginning of the restoration, the leaders of the Church have been concerned with the education of its youth. Since the gospel embraces all truth,

seeking for truth is the main preoccupation of any true Latterday Saint. However, the truth which

controls the action of a chemical experiment should have its proportionate importance and place in the larger expansion of truth which, properly applied, gives us eternal exaltation. That our growing youth

should constantly know and apply these facets in proper proportion is the work of the Church through its educational facilities..

It can be readily seen that a theoretical application of a truth is inferior to a practical experience in which the truth becomes an integral part of one's nature.

Therefore we now organize where there are sufficient

Latterday Saint students—stakes, wards, or branches.

The rules and standards by which student stakes, wards, and branches are to be organized and operated are found in a revised letter of instruction from the

First Presidency dated November 4, 1963, and addressed "to all stake and mission presidents, bishops and branch presidents."Its careful reading will give

most of the answers about how to proceed in most situations which may arise; for example:

Is a student ward or branch at any time an independent unit?

By whom are the bishops and branch presidents appointed?

May a student serve in a bishopric or on a high council; and if so, under what conditions?

What is the objective in using student leaders, and when should they be used?

What are procedures and protocol in recruiting officers and leaders for student wards, branches, and auxiliaries from nearby stakes, wards, or branches?

Questions such as these are fully treated on page one.

Here one learns that the Church is indeed flexible in meeting situations which are different.

Other questions arise as the organizations are perfected.

The use of the pink duplicate membership is explained. Under this program the responsible receiver

of tithing, fast offering, ward maintenance, etc., is

indicated. The place of the home ward in the proBishoprics Office with the family's new address.

gram is fully defined as well as the place of the "Under exceptional circumstances, and only upon student ward. In five statements it is made clear authorization of the bishop, children may be blessed

which of the variety of students are eligible to beat home by worthy fathers holding the Melchizedek come members of student wards; for example: Priesthood, in which event special care must be taken

What about students living with their parents in to see that the proper records are made.

the college town which contains a regularly organized "When children of nonmembers are blessed, an ward? This question requires careful consideration entry, 'parents not members'should be made on the

of all factors involved. membership record card. The parents should be inPage two goes into and clears these questions. formed that the names of these children who are

The letter goes on to explain the conditions under named and blessed in the Church will be entered which mission calls, priesthood advancements, and on the records of the Church until the individual is temple recommends are to be processed. baptized a member or reaches the age of twentyone.

It covers, in its ten pages of detail, answers to such "Young children whose parents are converted and questions as physical facilities, finances, their source baptized should be blessed in the usual manner, and a and use; the holding of services and other meetings membership record card should be made out for them.

in student wards and branches; participation in stake "If a child is born to parents, both of whom are

activities; church welfare. The summer months, members of the Church, and the child is not blessed

when many students return home or find work, within one year following the birth, the birth should present problems of administration. Procedures are be recorded in Form E in the Births and Blessings,

outlined for this period. and membership record cards made out. In the

Each auxiliary organization is given a comprehen- 'Blessing'column enter the words 'Not Blessed.'If

sive definitive paragraph which will serve as a guide only one parent is a member, and the child is not to its leaders. blessed, the birth should not be recorded unless perWith the instructions and explanations embodied in mission is given by the nonmember parent.

this letter, all leaders of stakes, missions, wards, and "Children up to and including the age of seven branches should have no trouble in finding the proper whose parents are converted and baptized may be organization to fit any situation which may currently blessed or not at the option of the parents, but in exist "concerning students away from home."either event an entry is to be made in Form E and

If the program is followed carefully, with enmembership record cards made out. In the 'Blessing'

thusiasm, every student will have active practice in column enter the words 'Parents new converts—

the operation of church organizations. not blessed.'

We recommend that stake, ward, and mission "Worthy Fathers who hold the Melchizedek Priestleaders read carefully the letter referred to and follow hood shoidd be encouraged to bless their own its outlined procedures. children.

"Only those holding the Melchizedek Priesthood should be invited to participate in the ordinance of

Blessing of Children blessing and naming of children; but where a father,

"Blessing of Children: This should be done in fast whether a member of the Church or not, requests

meeting in the ward where parents are members permission to hold his child while the officiating of record. elder gives the blessing, he may be permitted to do

"If it is done in any other ward, the clerk of such so, but he should not be encouraged to make ward should make a permanent record on a memberthe request."

ship record card and send the card to the Presiding—Generalpp. 6263Haiidbook of Instructions

JANUARY 1964 45 BY WALLACE F. BENNETT

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRICS PAGE ff ff My father John F. Bennett rose from

IF I WERE YOU poverty to become a successful busiADVICE TO YOUNG MEN nessman who served the LDS Church

as well as many individuals who had business problems. Having learned

doubleentry bookkeeping early in life, he always began each new problem by

drawing up a balance sheet of assets and liabilities. He taught me the importance

of such records by giving me a tiny allowance and requiring me to keep a balanced

account of it. efeeb This is good discipline for every phase of life. If I were you,

I would learn to keep my life "in balance"so that I could measure the growth

<eh<sh You are already startingof my "net worth"—spiritual as well as temporal.

to manage your own "business of life"which is really several separate enterprises, including your health, your character, your personal philosophy, and your

relationships with family and friends. As a member of the Church of Jesus Christ

and a bearer of his priesthood, you already possess life's greatest asset, the gospel.

If you build on this asset wisely, you can build your spiritual net worth to the level

of exaltation in God's presence, dsela Have you ever thought of listing those principles of the gospel which are real assets in each of life's enterprises? Let me help

you make a start. dth In the business of bodily health, here are three which

the gospel supplies: sacred respect for our body because it is like God's; a determination to keep it pure, because it is a part of the miracle of creation; and the

Word of Wisdom to keep it strong, d&sk In the business of character building,

we find in the scriptures not only the teaching and example of Christ himself, but also the record of the experience of many men, records of success

and failure, dsefe As we work to develop our life's philosophy or sense of truth,

we find in the gospel not merely the thoughts of men, but the greater wisdom

of prophets inspired by God. Wisdom is one of life's greatest and most sought

for assets. It is not easy to acquire. If you truly seek truth, you will want the

gift of the Holy Ghost to find it and God's help to enable you to live by it. These

gifts come only to those who understand and live the gospel. %k<h As we build

our pattern of human relationships, the gospel is irreplaceable if we are to create

families that are an eternal part of God's kingdom. The church organization is also

vital because it provides both inspiration and opportunity for service to others.

efedbAn essential part of bookkeeping is the part to "rule up"the records of the

past and start a new page. The gospel gives us this same privilege in the principle of

repentance. If we keep the gospel at the head of our growing spiritual assets and constantly reduce our liabilities by repentance, we can have every hope that the final

"net worth"on our spiritual balSenatortreasurer Wallaceof the FosterDeseretBennettSundayhas Schoolbeen

Union since T935. He was elected to the

United States Senate in November 1950 ance sheet will justify the Great andmitteereelectedassignmentsin 1956 includeand 1962.memberHis comof

Senate finance committee. Senate banking

and currency committee, joint committee on

Auditor in saying, "Well done, atomic energy, joint committee on defense production, and special committee on aging.

Senator Bennett was president of Bennett's thou good and faithful servant, (painttributingand company)glass manufacturingand BennettandMotordisCompany until 1950, and is now chairman of the board of both organizations. He is

enter into the joys of thy Lord."theand authorWhy I ofAmtwoa Mormon.books, Faith and Freedom

fAfcH/

r,

TODAYS FAMILY

FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

Are things ever dull in your life? Are you on a a foot above the ground and making wonderful

treadmill doing the same things day after day with progress. He's loving every second of every busy

no feeling of zest? Write a prescription for yourself, minute; he's growing and learning with each new

recommend a new challenge, something you have challenge. No dullness—just a sunburst of colors in his

never done before, something that you have wanted life! "Think up new project."That is the secret.

to do for a long, long time. You say, "But I haven't All these thoughts and the new year coincide nicely

the time for one more thing in my crowded life,"together. Right now is the time to begin new interthen take stock. Sit down and draw a line right ests, to start worthwhile projects. Has "home night"

down the middle of a large piece of paper. On one in your family been just a topic of conversation?

side of the line list everything you have been doing Perhaps right now is the time to bring it to life. Parday in and day out. On the other side of the page ents with young children are missing a delightful

enumerate all the things that you would love to do opportunity for teaching and binding their families but in the past have buried down deep in your heart together if they do not hold family night. This is a

because of lack of time, lack of money, or lack of time when you catch up on conversation one with courage. These are the things that will bring a rainanother, when you clear the air of any wrong feelbow back into your life, a promise of life fully lived. ings, when you make exciting family plans, when you

Now begin by evaluating what really is needed and teach what is right and discourage wrong actions, a has intrinsic value to you, your growth, and your time to have fun together without the outside world enjoyment. Discard those mundane things that keep and its influences interfering. No phone calls, no

you on that treadmill. TV, no radio, perhaps some good music but just each

You are an important person, an individual who other at home together! This is a miracle that can

has innumerable, undiscovered talents and possibilitake place in your very own family if you want it ties. Someone has said that every person you meet to enough. If you care enough to do a little shifting

is superior in some way to you, but certainly, in turn of schedules, a little discarding or combining of tasks you are superior in some particular way to everyone and a great deal of loving, you, too, can have a "famwith whom you come in contact. You have some ily home evening."

very special talents—undiscovered. Start mining, dig The time should either begin or end with a little

below the surface and come face to face with your treat. Maybe even, time could be spent together to

real self. Don't just turn over a page, turn over a make this treat; for instance, have you ever pulled

whole chapter and be a more vibrant individual. candy together? Have you had the exciting experiIt is so easy to clutter our lives with unessentials. ence of making doughnuts from flour bin to glazing

We find ourselves spending all our days with things pan? Have you ever sat in a circle telling stories

that are unimportant to us. Many of the people around an ice cream freezer, each taking a turn at

you enjoy the most you never see because they are the crank. Here are some fun family night treat

buried under day by day trivia. suggestions.

Think up a new project. It can make your whole

life come into focus. One morning, awhile back, I can Hot chocolate ( with a marshmallow topping it ), dates

remember thinking that I, as a mother, could take stuffed with nuts and apples.

some of the load off a very busy son. As he hurried Milk, Postum and cookies.

away to school, I sat down at the breakfast table and Chocolate waffles topped with peppermint ice cream.

thought, "He's so very busy I can lift some of his Fruit cocktail and cheese straws.

load."As I was toying with this thought, I unconHomemade ice cream and cookies.

sciously picked up a piece of note paper and started Warm homemade doughnuts and milk.

to read a column of about twenty items. It was his Angel food cake with a whipped topping.

list of reminders for the day; and as my eye went Crunchies and hot cider.

down the rows from one task to another, my deterButtered popcorn sprinkled with grated cheese and mination to help him grew. That is, it grew until served with root beer.

I read the last words on the list, "Think up new Hot gingerbread with vanilla ice cream ( make gingerproject."I sat there laughing to myself: He's walking bread from package).

JANUARY 1964 49.

Do You Want Security in Your Home?

Should your power or gas fail THERMORITE Chocolate Chews Waffles Makes 3 four Molasses with will coal, heat front your like rooms a coal stove. This is the modern section waffles) of enjoyway

fireplace. ing your 1 cup sugar

WILL DEFINITELY STOP SMOKING Smoke 3 teaspoons baking powder 1 tablespoon vinegar

No Sparks 1 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon butter

Drafty Floors 2 eggs Dash of salt

Ample 1% cups chocolate milk (bought)

Heat Vs cup melted shortening Combine the sugar, molasses, and Solid

Brass % cup pecans vinegar and boil to a hard ball stage. Add the other ingredients "A Thing of Beauty, Economy and Safety

stir until Treasured heat from in Fine remove and and Everywhere"Homes sugar, yolks, the the egg Beat add for or Write Phone Free Colored Folder is greased blended. Pour on soda inSift the well. dry beat SALES THERMORITE and *,, Blvd.4817 J.N'ON,Holladay Salt City, Lake Utah slab. just cool enough marble When gredients with together combine Phone 8-8811 and or CR 6-3310 AM

stiff in until pullAvailable leading handle, glass, to and white furniture buildand alternately yolks sugar the egg and ing stores in supply the intermountain area. in stretch a long and rope out and FULLY GUARANTEED in milk. the Fold chocolate with

the melted shortening and nuts. Beat cut into 1 inch pieces. Wrap each

the egg whites until stiff but not piece of candy in waxed paper.

dry. Fold into batter. Bake in

preheated waffle iron until steaming, Orange milk shake (for each indistops and waffle is golden brown. vidual serving)

Serve hot topped with peppermint ice cream. % cup milk

4 teaspoons Tang 1 scoop vanilla ice cream NoCook Vanilla Ice Cream Put ingredients into blender. Fluff

6 eggs until light and creamy. Pour into

1 pint whipping cream, whipped tall glass.

churches buy Every year more 1 large can evaporated milk proof Real you Tables! Monroe

2V2 direct from buying save money sugar cups Crunchies and models Monroe. Many V2 salt teaspoon savfactory direct sizes. Also

churches, schools to ings and 1 tablespoon vanilla Vz box Cheerio Oats on folding organizations other chairs, table and chair storage Whole milk 1 medium box Post Toasties partitions, portable trucks,

Tested choral stages. Krispies box Rice 1 medium

and new PLAN""DONORrisers, coconut cups shredded color Beat the egg whites until stiff. Add 2 today! FREE! catalog Write

THE MONROE CO. the sugar and continue beating until 2 cups peanuts

249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa stiff. Beat egg yolks, add the salt,

evaporated milk, and vanilla. CareMix these ingredients together.

fully fold the whipped cream into the egg whites, fold all into the egg Syrup yolk mixture and pour in the freezer. Add enough whole milk to 2V2 cups dark Karo

fill the fourquart freezer to within Vi cup molasses

F/2 inches of top. Freeze in hand 2V2 cups sugar

or electric ice cream freezer. 1 cup evaporated milk

Honey Cheios Cook to soft ball stage; pour over

let Stir 10 stand mixture. well and

Special for.. balls. into small then shape 1 cup wliitewhite sugarsugar minutes

cjUomonQAddings 21 cupscup halfhoneyand half milk and cream Whipped Topping (for angel food

Reception Invitations, Napkins, cake)

L.D.S. etc., featuringAlbums,

ingredients cook and Combine (Conventional designs.temple ball 1 envelope Dream Whip Dessert until slowly it reaches the hard for Write $5.95.)styles 100

for FREE catalog and samples. stage when tested in cold water. Topping mix

cup cold milk slab, onto a buttered Pour when V2 - 83440 burg, Idaho RexREXCRAFT vanilla V2 teaspoon (Catalog airmail for sent 25c) butter just to handle, cool enough hands and pull until a golden color Vi cup crushed peppermint candy or a few drops of peppermint HEY! its POP!! will AND in a long shape MOM hold and

your something new Want extract. 1 into rope. inch pieces and Cut not give her a LITTLE forSUGAR littleCOOKIEgal?COOKWhy

will receive She FRY? SMALL BOOK for an inwrap each piece in a small square

full for a year, of adventure stallment a month stories, recipes, suggestions for table decoraof waxed paper. Prepare dessert topping with milk

tions, aprons, etc. with directions for making

them. Binder included for only $4.75. For further information write

LITTLE SUGAR COOKIE, Bx 1128, Boulder, Colo.

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and vanilla as directed on envelope.

Then fold in candy. Makes about2 cups. child's woL6...

This next recipe comes from New

Zealand. An elaborate family dinner was given for a son who had

just returned from a successful mission, and these delicious doughnuts were served. The American

visitor enjoyed them so much that she asked for the recipe, and I am passing it to you. It is a very large

recipe, but the doughnuts are so delicious that you will enjoy making it sometime when the family is all at home.

Raised Doughnuts

5 cups scalded milk 2 cups sugar1 cup butter or margarine BelonGS teaspoons2 salt in evepy eggs4 beaten 2'yeast cakes1 cup warm water home about 15 cups flour i with children Add the sugar, butter, and salt to the hot milk and when cool, add the Helps prepare your child for school!

the yeast Dissolve eggs.beaten

and Helps your child succeed in school! in the cupcakes of warm water

add to the mixture. Add enough Praised by educators and clergymen!

flour to make a soft dough. Let it

raise to double in bulk in a covered container. When light, do not handle

the dough but just roll it out on a floured board to XA inch thickness.

cutter and of educational the needs doughnut meet with ToCut my -From hoosupennas as V% rise to let school cloth teacher, a and withcover chilschool grade all preschool and asa and tender*, fat in hot deep thickness. Fryinch 'have dren, was The CHILD'S supervisor WORLD child<s

. wtxn browned. compare through anduntil cooked to in scientifically leading created Uniwhich promj and Sorld J immediately. glaze fat and fromTake versity Centers. P new, Training This Chairman Dunfap, T EE 1 State **W Educate, story illustrated beautifully and on e eommitte CVanilla Glaze Oklahoma. especially prelibrary reference of was might u-ih inmAmAmerica Mfeverychid to every cover educators pared ou(dhelp by

st waterxk cup these womread and child's manhoo development. of phase your fine r,ood a gfeat sugar powdered 2 grow cups

in the nhood, it the praise because charm Parents * vanilla 1 teaspoon t people,* an the gathits presentation of makes until smooth. all togetherBlend UtU P'taeedsdorgMarbleCollegiate

fo thrilling one! City. ideas a of ering,?'Pa"stor-C'YorK S'rch

Chocolate Glaze

1 cup confectioner's sugar Thousands of teachers,Vi cup milk #1-1;t-4- clergymen and parents

1 teaspoon vanilla say this is the soundest 2 tablespoons butter investment you 2 squares unsweetened chocolate in your <,A can make child's future.

Melt the chocolate and the butter over hot water. Heat the milk but

do not boil. Combine all the ingredients together and beat until

smooth.

02 W. Washington Street—Dept. E—Chicago, Illinois, 60606

JANUARY 1964 The Church Moves On (Continued from page 6)

sustained as first counselor to President Orren J. Greenwood of Sandy

East (Utah) Stake, succeeding Elder Reid L. Harper. Elder Kenneth A. Brady sustained as second counselor.

NOVEMBER 1963 President David O. McKay

dedicated the new Eagle Gate at Salt Lake City's South Temple and State streets. The original Eagle

Gate, erected in 1859, served as entrance to the property of President Brigham Young. This new

gate is the fourth one to be erected there, in each case the city's growth and changing times have necessigate.tated a larger

First Presidency announced ARE YOUR CHILDREN RESPECTFUL? The

the appointment of Elders W. BY PATRECIA VELARDE

Dean Belnap, Everett Bingham, Francis C. Bromley, Horace A. Have you taken a good look at your Sunday School and Primary for

Christiansen, and Lauritz G. Peterchildren's manners lately? Can you several years, I have come in consen to the Genealogical Society honestly say that they are as retact with quite a few, and all of them

conference staff. spectful and courteous as you would different. In my classes I have had

The First Presidency announced like for them to be? children who were quiet, and some

the appointment of Elder Fauntleroy The other day while working in who were noisy; some who were

Hunsaker of Los Angeles as presithe kitchen, I heard an elderly wellbehaved, and others who were dent of the Southern States Misneighbor scolding some boys for disobedient, but the thing which sion, succeeding President J. Byron breaking down a bush in her yard. stood out in my mind was that I was President HunsakerRavsten. very were few of who could remember surprise I heard two Then to my Los of East president asreleased think! really respectful. Stop and to her talking in an back the boys

Angeles Stake about a year ago, extremely sassy way, and when I When was the last time you heard a years. for twelve servedhaving or child say "ma'am""sir"when to see porch out stepped who on my as a served he hadPreviously to person? replying an older How shocked were, these rude boys I was

Stake the in Pasadena counselor use children do you who know of many that to discover one them was my of as presidency, a member "thank "please"is and the magic words I son. say ashamed was To high own

stakes, bishop and as councils in two the consistently? was fact, you"in there are it mildly; When putting

and ward Sunday School superinno words to express the mortification last time you saw a child who was wife, tendent. His Adams Mamie softly, to careful walk speak I always son, felt at hearing whom my

will on I him accompany Hunsaker, general, quietly, in a in behave and fairly wellconsidered always had four this mission. couple have The part respectful in any elderly manner when to speaking an behaved,

grown children. person in such a disrespectful fashof the Lord's house? Now, on the

Corvallis Stake, 385th now ion. Of course my first reaction was other hand, how many children do

functioning in the Church, was anger, and my son was sent to his you know who make "smartalecky"organized from parts of Salem room in disgrace. Later, after some replies when spoken to by their

(Oregon) Stake with Elder Hugh F. serious thinking on this problem, I teachers, older people, and even

Webb sustained as president, and came to this conclusion: Whose fault their own parents and grandparents?

Elders Ray W. Hardman and Samuel is it that my child is disrespectful? How many children do you know

H. Bailey as counselors. The stake Since I am the one responsible for who say "I want this"or "give me

was organized by Elders Howard his training, there is only one answer that,"and then accept it as their

W. Hunter and Thomas S. Monson to that question: I am responsible! due with never a please or thank

of the Council of the Twelve. At My children are given lessons on you? How many children do you

Nauvoo in February 1844, leading respectfulness in Sunday School and know who talk in loud voices, run brethren were appointed to go to Primary, but will this teaching sink through the halls and up and down

Oregon to investigate possibilities into and take hold of a child's mind the stairs, and even play and wrestle for colonization, but the martyrdom if it isn't given in the home, too? inside the chapel?

of the Prophet and the Patriarch These rather unhappy thoughts on What has happened to the parthat summer intervened, and the my own children led me to consider ents of today that we have failed to group did not go. other children, and as a teacher in teach our children courtesy and

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA respect for persons and property?

Have we fallen into the false belief that there is plenty of time to teach them these virtues when they become teens? If that is the case, I

am afraid we are in for an unpleasant surprise. A child who has never

been taught to be respectful is not suddenly to become thoughtful and courteous upon reaching the age of twelve or thirteen, and as for our teaching it to them at that time, a habit that has been established for more than ten years can be close to impossible to break. We seem to

have come to the erroneous conclusion that the things which were taught to us under the names of "good manners"and "common courHAIKU

BY MILDRED N. HOYER

A title on the door... rates a Bigelow on the floor

P.S. Do you love leading the parade where you work? Then keep your confreres

... over quiet, One the Designer confident and happy. Lead them gently but firmly toward the top

Creator of the pattern distinctive Bigelow Carpets. Bigelow Carpets are available in special designs,

Weaver of the cloth. colors and textures. Call any Bigelow district office or our Contract Department,

140 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. People who know... buy BIGELOW.

II

One flesh and spirit... STAY AT THE FINEST In the world and out of itIN SALT LAKE

Many many tongues. and in Salt Lake the finest is the SefsRjnkho Motor Hotel. So

close and convenient to everything. Just minutes from downIll town, entertainment/ industry, hospitals and clinics, and

One eternal Source winter resorts. Each room boasts: individual phone, 24 hour

hifi service, switchboard music, message recorded and new is that or shall be Of all offitreej TV with power antenna parkample and radio and all tohich returns. To

ing. Se Rancho is also central to all travel depots. Make your

next visit to Salt Lake more enjoyable... Make Se Rancho

your home away from home. rffd

JUST 4 T/a BLOCKS WEST OF FAMED TEMPLE SQUAREtesy"are stilted, oldfashioned, and completely for unnecessary a child rancho: aphiIsMe;:in age. This sad,; this modern is very "64& WEST NORTH TEMPLE

for when one finds that rare child who observes these amenities, he is like a breath of fresh air in a stuffy room.

It might not cure the world of its CAREL'S ills, but it would certainly make it INSTITUTE OF AND MORE! IT'S EASY, FAST! pleasanter toa much place in which

or For Group Your Church iflive children everywhere could be BEAUTY CULTURE it needs, raise the can group Your money

I'll jiJ6. easily, quickly, without lccosttoyou! of agiven oldfashioned dose "good "Zre the Heart House"Sugar of assorted a supply Bend your group ofmy fbt tot*

. in luxurious Napkins Grace Prayer JWDuckAmmanners,"with some washed down Cntrntt*** C>vT*tGutafiUvtinoi *-,* and designs Exquisite advance. IN ALL SUBJECTS - set texts prayer I TRAINING courtesy."for As me,"common

10 at meals. agraceful,thankfulHave members mood.J* 1,

for your 20 packages; keep each is this LATEST see to that INplan - medicine METHODS COURSES %*f treasury, of proceeds.$50 balance sellsend me

as asadministered regularly vitamin lc of Your Never HAIR Own Spend Money STYLING STATE - MEETS credit 60 give on to days; napkins. Take up wepills in on. from home now to my try tested risk nothing amazing You my IT E* REQUIREMENTS D P 50,000 over plan, groups. used by joinCare to me? for address your deand Rush name now

tails East which brings of Plan you SAMPLES! 21st FREE 1019 my South

cash, or for valuable yourfast equipment & NAME RUSH Salt 4-6713 group, sentfree, to City, obligation. Write HU no Lake Utah

ADDRESS NOW! Elizabeth Dept. Lynchburg, Anna Wade, 364AB, Va

JANUARY 1964 53

These TimesGROWING UP? ( Continued from page 9

majority of the delegates to trie great Be Sure nominating convention, each one difis wrong or right with To Read ferent,view ofandwhateach one having his own the country, with the United Nations, and with the spacerace; and

what is needed at home from the federal government (but not anywhere else), in order to save the nation's economic life.\\TEENAG "The struggle for the nomination

in 1964 began in 1960. Little knots

by of1961.informalBy 1963organizationoffices werebeganrented,in

people hired, payrolls launched,

Kitte Turmell debts incurred, jets scheduled, itineraries, appearances planned and scheduled, in anticipation of the

Sundays in greatginningorganizationto move in effortsanticipationnow beof the New Hampshire primary. Third,

filmjtf afterorganizationsecuringhastheto nomination,move on to thethe

November election day, after which life will never be quite the same HOME MAGAZINE whether victor or vanquished.

"The American presidency has always meant hard work. But in

these times it is hard work under constant friendly and unfriendly scrutiny. Flashbulb follows flashbulb in an almost ceaseless torrent;

microphones, TV cameras, gentlemen of the press in formal conference, or informally, have pencils poised to report every smile, frown, A DISCIPLINED

MIND IS dent,and breathno matterof thewhatworld.else Thehe is,Presihas

MAN'S to be one of the world's greatest is 'on stage'without GREATEST AIM. actors. He

letup. Most executives can walk

smoothly across any room they enter.

The President of the United States has to avoid tripping over a maze of cables, wires, and other ropelike study at impediments, even in his own office.

The testing he receives in gaining HOM national visibility, followed by the

NAME is only slight preparation for the PLEASE SEND nomination, stern though it may be, tasks that await him as President. FREE ADDRESS

HOME STUDY CITY STATE prejudices,Then he hasdesires,to readand interestsclearly theof vAJ.ii.LlV\J JL \J TO: HOME STUDY. Brigham Youna University. Provo, Utah his people. If he has the capacity

to keep the following that elected

BIND YOUR ERAS IN LOOSELEAF FORM him, or a reasonable facsimile, he can attempt to cope with domestic

WITH AN issues and the individuals, each

IMPROVEMENT ERA BINDER ONLY $2.50 separately elected, who make up the

1963 Indexes soon, available included free

Order from Improvement Era office, 135 So. State, Salt Lake City, Utah

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

US Senate and House of RepresenThe tatives; and who among themselves

constitute the Congress. Then, if he Hand

sufficient maintaincan support from thoseboth Congress and who Craftsman elected him, able be he may to isn't gone... afexert a little influence on world

fairs, difficult undertaking. a more there are many prevailed a fine old once "There

American custom of remembering of them at the President of the United States in our prayers, public and private. Deseret News Press

More than ever before, today, whoever he may be, he needs them. Hand restoring priceless volumes... and setting their hands to

If you dislike the President, and high speed modern printing and binding work. Each workman

you are convinced that you and the at Deseret News Press is a hand craftsman.

Almighty are in agreement, all the It takes many hands... modern, skilled hands, working with

more reason for your prayers to the latest equipment, to insure topquality control. Speed and

help the incumbent improve, change quality... with control... this is the Deseret News Press story.

his course, or repent so as to get in You get super speed service with the giant ATF Webendorfer harmony with both your excellent Web Offset Press, the brand new Ehlermann CollatorGatherer judgment and the design of Proviand the modern highspeed Sheridan 8-pocket InserterStitcher- dence. If you like him, he needs

your prayers that he may have 5-knifeTrimmer.

the physical strength for mere Handcraftsmanship quality survival in these times, let alone... the finest of service..

for your every printing need ACHIEVEMENT The Deseret News Press, 1600 Empire Road,

BY DEON NETHERCOTT OLSON Salt Lake City, Utah - Phone 4861892

To capture in a word, A phrase, a verse, a line Additional New Rooms Just Recently Completed

A precious thought or mood, Or view—and then combine

To strike an answering chord In those who hear or see:

This is the dream of poets E!SE*nFi

And the work of poetry. At the

CENTER OF CONVENIENC Luxurious Comfort—The Way You Like It

Now at Winter Rates!

the divine wisdom which he must SAVETIME surely require to carry such awful responsibility."

Since November 22, 1963 only Covei/'AzMSWi the final two paragraphs and espeAND HOT SHOPPES NOWNO'330 ATTRACTIVE ROOMS cially the last one appear to have Main Street at 5th South Salt Lake City much meaning. Everything else has

been radically changed—by several

rifle shots! But there is need for the

to appreciate peopleAmerican their A Resident Hotel for their servants'servants, andpublic need for divine support, especially Senior LDS Citizens!

the American Presidency, in view The companionship of others in with poignant thrust and sorrow. a gospeloriented residence.

There will be few others like John Every comfort and convenience.

F. Kennedy, with his family, his Within walking distance of the

his unusual scholarship,charm, and NewTempleLDSandchapelcity. across the street.

statement.trenchant But there will

be others to follow who will need, SEND COUPON FOR INFORMATION:

what only in retrospect, we would Salt Lake City Stake Home offer for John F. Kennedy now if 1 1 2 West 1 st North Salt Lake City, Utah

we only could. Name

Street City Zone State

JANUARY 1964 ss A GREAT CHURCH I this I liked name). by bewhen the Build Except Lord LIBRARY it."to used came the House

It in so the pioneer was homes assembled can be by "binding"(Continued page from 33) across the land. faith that the With regularly of your copies

which this sheltering and fruitful came of these daily invocations these

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tree may grow is best planted and people grubbed the sagebrush, led

They can be conveniently and innurtured in the daily supplications the waters to the parched soil, made expensively "bound"as you reof the family. the desert blossom as the rose, govceive them, in an Improvement I know of no better way to inculerned their families in love, lived in

Era binder. cate love for country than for peace one with another and with

parents to pray before their children the world, and made their names

Beautifully and strongly confor the land in which we live, inimmortal as they lost themselves in structed with handsome heavy red voking the blessings of the Almighty the service of God.

Fabricoid cover. Stamped in gold upon it that it may be preserved in We cannot pray in our public

and large enough to hold 12 isliberty and in peace. I know of no schools, but we can pray in our

sues of more than 1,000 pages, better way to build within the hearts homes, and in so doing we shall plus an index. of our children a muchneeded rereweave into the character of our

Price is only spect for authority than rememberchildren the moral strength which ing in the daily supplications of the will become the fiber of a better $2.50 family the President and the Consociety. "Seek ye the Lord while

and a 1963 index is included gress and others who carry the he may be found."(Isa. 55:6.)

FREE! Such a binder is a MUST burdens of government. This simple practice, a return to

for every ward library and most On the route I travel daily is a family worship, spreading across the desirable for every home. signboard which reads: "A world at land and over the earth, would in a

prayer is a world at peace."I begeneration do much to lift the blight

Order now from lieve it speaks a fundamental truth. that is destroying us. It would reThe Improvement I am satisfied that we shall not have store integrity, mutual respect, and

peace unless and until we request a spirit of thankfulness in the hearts it in the name of the Prince of Peace of the people.

135 South State Street and then reform our lives to be We do not need a new moral

Salt lake City 11, Utah worthy of it. standard in our modern society. The

The hall from which I speak, the laws of God have not been abrogreat Mormon Tabernacle on Temgated. They were not given to one

ple Square in Salt Lake City, was generation to be laid aside by an- r 5[ constructed by a people who loved other. Their disregard can result

freedom, who worshiped God, and only in trouble, misery, and inse- 1 Vr who prayed in their simple pioneer curity as witness the fruits of the us. Their erosion of morality among as did pioneers homes, most of the

life of and application laid is the way the of all that foundations "H.::r:U: -".'-"- Wt who

z. **!.;. '.',.:: we in America today enjoy. peace and progress.

j In 1872 "Colonel"Thomas L. Kane To you, who sit in your homes in

BIG $$ CAKE DECORATING. Housewives of Philadelphia visited Utah with this great land, established and preEndless Altime. of the spare easy hour wanted! $5 the hand under sons. his wife traveled served and two They

Decorations lovely and Cake demand for to recogreturn for a mighty, I plead three Proby hundred some wagon birthfor Christmas, fessional weddings, Candy parties, all occasions. you days, show We how miles to the southern part of the nition of him and daily supplication capital to mine. into gold your kitchen turn No

required. Start your own business small, grow state, stopping each night in the to him. The Master declared, "Ask,

subscription big. 3 month for FREE Send to homes of the people in the little and it shall be given you; seek, and magazine Hobbies"for Cake "Fun & Profit

facts Decorators and and Candy Makers, on frontier settlements along the way. ye shall find; knock, and it shall be

instruction. complete CAKE, home & CANDY

Dept. D-800, Fallbrook, California. Mrs. Kane wrote a series of letters opened unto you."(Matt. 7:7.)

to her father in Philadelphia. In I give you my testimony that you

one of them she said: "At every one shall not go away unrewarded. The

of the places we stayed on this changes may not be readily apIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS journey we had prayers immediately parent. They may be extremely

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple after the dinnersupper, and prayers subtle. But they will be real, for

sore throat and other minor mouth again before breakfast. No one was "God... is a rewarder of them that

and throat irritations. excused.... The Mormons kneel at diligently seek him."(Heb. 11:6.)

once, while the head of the houseAs we change ourselves and our hold, or an honored guest prays children, developing within them a HALLS REMEDY... They spend very little hew respect, a spirit of gratitude, a City, Utah aloud. Salt Lake

time in ascriptions, but ask for what becoming humility, we shall reform they need, and thank Him for what our society.

... [They] take it for God bless us with the faith to call Hotels - Motels Call for Trained He has given.

altar of that our homes, at the familiar granted our him Recordbreaxing travel knows upon means God opportunities a and Men Women & for future titles, Christ. of will in the Jesus I pray ask a and and names name nationwidesound,trained in the and women

field. hospitality Fascinating and advancesubstantialmenwork; particular individual blessing on (a Amen. qualify leisure or home, throughquick residenthotel,ment.classes unnecessary. Previousat motelYouin Washington.can Placeextra Service book,ment Golden "Your provedFREEtime,

for call.Opportunity."experienceWriteinVet. Training.for withoutApproved will salesman No cost.ALL

LEWIS HOTELTRAINING SCHOOL Room LA1912 Washington 37, D. C. 48th Yeai

se THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JANUARY is for looking ahead

FEBRUARYTWELVE is for friends and valentines to send

n MARCHMONTHStor improving is for music

APRIL

is for achieving

MAYTWELVE is for being mindful

JUNE

IMONTHStor reviewing June conference

JULY

is youth conference

AUGUSTTWELVE is for adventure

SEPTEMBER

is forMONTHSfor pursuing the ways of your life selfimprovement

What will you do with your twelve brand OCTOBER is for fun new months?... Consider the Era of Youth

Calendar of Events as a guide for getting } NOVEMBER the most from the forthcoming year. is for families

DECEMBER

is for creating a A Christmas spirit OF ERA YOUTH THE

Elaine January D. Hanks, Editor; Cannon, Associate Editor that can last the 1964, Marion

year round JANUARY is for looking ahead.

we have read members of the Church, should take is temple in the news about aRrecentlynew conquest of Mount marriage which should come when we are mature

Everest. As I thought of the satisfaction gained enough to accept the responsibility that it entails.

from conquering Everest, I was impressed with Marriage too early in life cuts short the moral the infinitely greater satisfaction and untold and social growth we have as young people.

vistas awaiting us at the end of life's climb if As members of the Church we are greatly aided only we are willing to make the preparations in our climb toward Godliness by participation and sacrifices necessary. Too often we take a in its allencompassing field of activities and by

shortrange view of life, seeing only the upward living its message of truth. Through the gospel

climb but forgetting the view from the top. We we can reach our goal, for the scriptures state

can gain a glimpse of the endless blessings that that "all things are possible to him that believeth."

lie at the end of our trail if we will let the Lord At many points in our climb we must make deshow us by living close to him. cisions and by living as close to our Heavenly

Since the top of life holds so many blessings, Father as we can, we can expect him to be reeach one of us should be anxiously engaged in ceptive to our prayers. Not only can we count

preparation for our climb, by refining every on him for help in major crises, but living close facet of our character through diversified activito him he can aid us in all we do if we are worthy ties and associations, and by living in harmony of his help. This is very reassuring to us as

with our Father in heaven. young people.

Some of the greatest of life's experiences come Yet the climb is difficult, and it is easy to beduring the teenage period. This a period of come discouraged—so how do we keep our resolupreparation. I have realized the actuality of this tion with so many frustrations and failings and

during the past year, since two important opporsuch seemingly slow progress? The one thing

tunities have confronted me. that can give us strength to continue is undying

We should strive for a college education. Just faith in the future—a firm testimony that this

as important as the academic side of education is gospel and all it preaches is true-—that life does

the tremendous growth one can gain socially and not end at death, and that we may live again in morally while attending college. Meeting with God's presence with immeasurable joy and satispeople, concepts, attitudes, and situations entirely faction if we can endure to the end. If we can

different from what one is accustomed to gives a combine endurance to the end with performance person the opportunity and obligation really to to the end, all the blessings of life will be ours.

decide what he wants to represent in life and Samuel Johnson said: "Great works are perthen to stand up for it. With firm ideals and a formed not by strength but by perseverance."

strong testimony, a person may be very active in Let us remember this promise: "Wherefore,

social organizations and school activities without ye must press forward with a steadfastness in any compromise on standards. A friend of mine Christ, having a perfect brightness of hope, and

who goes to the university has no close relatives a love of God and of all men. Wherefore, if ye

in the city, is president of one of the top fratershall press forward, feasting upon the word of nities, is active socially, and does extremely well Christ, and endure to the end, behold, thus saith in he has done all these things withthe Father: Ye shall have eternal life."( 2 Ne. 31:20) school—yet

out lowering his standards in addition to serv- I pray that we may be strong in our resolve ing on a mission. to attain the high goals we have set in life and

A mission is the second step in preparing ourcontribute our part to the Lord's plan—the view

selves and is something no young man should miss. from the top is certainly worth it.

The other very important step that we, as by James Q. Cannon

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FEBRUARY is for friends and valentines to send.

Friends are your best bonus to living. They make parties more fun and hearth fires

even warmer. They think you are great, so you try to be. They're someone to share a

secret with or a memory.

Friends are for doing things for as teen Ann Chipman of Bountiful, Utah, suggests.

8898 I jmi/mmmmimBtM mm

To know the ruffled heart and gently reply,

Chase away the hidden tear and lonely sigh, * 5J

To hear your soul whispering low its secret hopes

Is but to love and understand.

Hti \ I hope to give you this and more, it % For the candy kiss I'm sending tomorrow will be gone. ti m

This ink will fade—the paper yellow I write upon.

Only little thoughtful acts will live beyond.

Sincerely yours, Ann mmm 4MM\ m.Mi

JANUARY 1964 59 MARCH is for

Music to praise God with:

Western States Mission Young Men's Chorus in Denver, Colorado.

Music to remember: whether

you are the listeners or the Music to sing along with:

likesingers the Joensuu quarCalifornia youth at have funtet singing in Tampere, Fin- a sing along night. with Stan

land.

milSlC. The kind that you sing to or dance to or march to or

listen to or learn from or thrill to or provide mood with and more.

Perhaps March is a month for moving ahead in the music department of your life.

Listen to better discs. Tune in on birds and children's voices, on lullabies

and campfire harmony. Stage your own musicales. Promote talent among

each other. Capitalize on the character that background music can give to

any gathering. Share your gifts. Blend your voice. Support the concerts.

Congratulate recital artists. Develop your taste. Sing your praises and lift your life

... with music.

Music to entertain ivith: Idaho

Falls Seventeenth Ward's production of The Mikado.

Music to dance to: "The Angels"

of Castro Valley, California, popular dance combo.

Music to march to: Mike

Butchereit, Eddie Coe, Drew Christensen of Salt Lake City,

Utah.

JANUARY 1964 61 APRIL is for achieving.

With April comes spring. With spring comes Easter. With Easter all the world awakens

! With one chance to to begin a new cycle of life. This spring awaken yourself—really

live this life, you won't want to delay in making this particular cycle your best.

Take a lesson from other youth who have learned that to achieve is to plan and prepare and practise and perform.

RANAE BAIR... LDS Olympic star who has been interviewed for national

TV and magazines. Says RaNae: "I wonder how many know how

great it is to represent this wonderful, free country of America in a foreign land? I thrilled at this privilege when I represented the US

in Europe and South America in the women's track and field championship events."RaNae is studying in Arizona to be a physical education

teacher. She trains early every morning but takes time to serve actively

in the Church and study the gospel in seminary. Her next goal is the

Olympic Games this year in Tokyo, Japan.

DICK GUTHRIE... Phoenix 18th Ward in Scottsdale, Arizona, claims this ingenious and active

youth. He has parlayed a rickshaw plus muscles, sweat, and determination into a thriving

business. He hauls customers about an Arizona

shopping center. It is a help and a gay novelty

as well as a fine opportunity to build muscles and a bank account.

REX NILSON... a leader among youth in 4-H, FFA, scouting, and the

LDS Church. He lives in Spanish Fork, Utah, and traveled as one of

eight delegates from the US to the 32nd International 4-H Club Conference in Canada.

EAGLE SCOUTS... Keith Blazin, Steven Hancock, Norman Phillips, and William Ostler proudly display their Eagle badges

earned in Castro Valley, California, under the direction of Scoutmaster George Blazin and assistant Scoutmaster Leonard

Hancock.

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MAY is for being mindful.

I am a teenager. In a recent article I read some startling 1-* >jfacts about our age group. llpMBf

1. We cheat commonly in school and college. -ttiiirllr.

2. We marry too young and expect parents to subsiCIdize us. I CI

3. Sexual immorality is widespread among us.

unfit. mentally or 4. us are physically of A majority

drive dan- 1 drink too much, increasing number 5. An

gerously, and are delinquent.

6. Most of us are conformists, afraid to be different.

7. We lack basic moral, religious, and patriotic values.

8. Few of the fellows accept military service willingly.

This article caught my attention because it said teenagers Do This! Is this what the public thinks we do?

I'm quite sure I can speak for most teenagers in the

Church. This is exactly what we DON'T DO.

These facts to back up such articles must be taken from a very few worldly statistics. I know none of my associates

can be included in this group.

While the comments of such articles do not apply to church groups, they may serve a warning to us; that everywhere around us there is the everpresent influence that

could suddenly make anyone of us a part of the unfortunate and misguided few that give such bad report of teenagers.

Let us ask ourselves these questions:

1. Where would I be now if I had not had basically good

moral and religious values?

2. Where would I be now had my parents not cared even

a little bit?

3. What would happen if I had cheated my way through

the training of my profession?

(It's sort of scary thinking of being operated on by a doctor that cheated his way through medical school!)

We should be very grateful for our parents, seminary teachers, our Sunday School teachers, our MIA teachers, and all those who counsel and guide us in a path of righteousness.

Let us help each other to live wisely and encourage teenagers everywhere to do the same so that frightening statistics of evil among youth will be changed to statistics of the good we do. Diane Meyers, Santa Monica, California

JANUARY 196* 63 JUNE is June conference.

The courses of study you'll be taking

And June conference is for you! come fall are explained and promoted to

your teachers so that you can benefit from

It's when youth and leaders of youth gather the best there is.

in the valley of Great Salt Lake and under Authors make personal appearances.

the inspired direction of the Young Men's Youth panels give helps. Exhibits and

and Young Women's Mutual Improvement events of all kinds made the trip worth

Associations take a new look at MIA the while. Words of wisdom echo in the

The theme is presented for the coming Tabernacle as General Authorities of the year... a theme chosen prayerfully from Church preach from the pulpit in spesacred scripture... a theme to memorize, cial sessions.

live by, grow with. People come from all over the world and

The programs of activities, camping and old friends and new ones make memories sports, drama, music, speech, and dance together.

are demonstrated by top talent in marvelous June is extra wonderful because its June festivals and impressive productions. conference time.

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JULY is youth conference.

But maybe yours was in May or in August speakers or enjoyed better talent? And what

or November. WHEN doesn't matter: just about the deepdown-inside kind of thrill

so you got in on the unique experience of that came from witnessing a nonmember meeting other members of the Church in an friend recognize the truthfulness of the element of good times, learning, and testigospel and being baptized? Nothing to

monybearing. Have you ever felt such a touch it, is there? A smattering of scenes

special spirit? Have you ever met so many from around the world recording the mogreat people? Have you ever heard better ments of youth conferences.

Building missionaries entertain the huge crowd during the talent show portion of the youth conference held in Finland under the direction of President Mark E. Anderson.

Mark A. Benson,

YMMIA General Board;

Major Russell L. Rogers

'Mormon"Astronaut USAF;

President Ralph J. Hill

of the Texas Mission speak to youth during conference.

5,500 feet up the Swiss Alps was the scene

Maija Tuppurainen participates of the French East Mission Youth Conference in the Finnish Mission youth ivhere for 8 days young people learned of the gospel conference speech contest. and fellowship and fun.

July (continued)

At right, this quartet in Washington, D. C.

has been invited to perform numerous places.

And it all began in MIA!

Below, time out from baseball for the Rosivell District team during the Western States Mission Youth Conference in Denver, Colorado.

Below right, mission youth in Uruguay enjoy learning how to dance during a youth conference session.

At left, mix 1,000 LDS youth with an equal portion of nonmember friends, and you have the recipe for a successful youth conference, Pocatello, Idaho style.

Below, Alaska Stake youth groups pose by a totem pole on one of their nowfamous church outings.

Lunch between sessions gave an opportunity for youth of the Northwestern States Mission to discuss their youth conference theme "Search for Truth."

AUGUST is for adventure.

And one LDS girl is having it, at least. Kathleen Pettit, of Salt Lake City, Utah, is

enjoying some unusual experiences while her father fills an assignment for the United

Nations in Tripoli, Libya, North Africa. Reading her story reminds us that adventure

is where we find it. Life has interesting experiences ahead for all of us if we just open

our eyes to the wonders of the world.

With my father and mother I tvalked into Tripoli's gantly sat while runner after runner carried piles "Old City,"along the cobbled and cluttered of finequality fabrics to him. The aisles buzzed

streets, past the luring tourist markets on the with scurrying feet and highpitched chants as the outer edges. Everywhere there ivere people—merchandise was taken and presented to the rich

milling, pushing, yelling, chatting—and children, man. He would inspect it, and if displeased, would

ragged and dirty, playing happily in the gutters wave the man away. It all seemed strange and

by their homes. We tvalked steadily along, commuch too old for the twentieth century.

pelled by the thought that the next corner would The sunlight outside was blinding at first, but reveal the hidden and "longlooked for"fish when our eyes became accustomed to it, we market and fabric stalls of this old world. rambled on with no idea of where we were or

Motivated only by our guesses we stumbled where we were headed. We knew we wanted one

down the wrong street into the residential area. of the beautiful carpets if we could get it at a

The narrow dark streets were lined by crumbling reasonable price. We decided it was time to find

ivalls, perhaps a thousand years old, where here our way out when we noticed an arched entrance and there a closed door kept the fascinating life leading into another center of darkened activity.

and customs behind it a secret. The variety of Once inside we found the first stall to hold a

smells associated with close living were there, wide variety of the carpet patterns we were espetoo, as much a part of the streets as the barracially interested in. These patterns were those

caned* Arab. We turned back to seek another made by the Arab people of Libya rather than

route, for ive did not wish to become lost in this by Persians.

complex living section. When the merchant showed us the first carpet,

Coming to a ivider street we found a shop sellive were puzzled by our reaction to it. The woven

ing tapestries and a merchant who could speak and colorful pattern did not seem too different or

English. unusual to us. We realized soon we had seen a

The area was completely enclosed and covered, similar kind of pattern on the carpets, fabrics, masked from the slightest trace of sunlight. Adand souvenirs of the American Indians! How

justing our eyes, ive found the dimness to reveal was it possible that the Indians in the Americas stall after stall of striped and colorful fabrics. used the same figures and patterns that the native

The stalls were set back into the ivalls and ivere Arabs in Libya used 7,000 miles away in a differraised higher than the aisle. The merchants sat ent part of the world? It is an interesting question.

crosslegged on the floor of their own stall waitWe purchased a carpet for the most reasonable ing for customers. bargain price we had found all day. With our

We found the wholesaler and retailer under one purchases we happily wove our way through the roof; ive found the teamaker and shopkeeper to streets to the outside of this ancient ivorld. We

be the same; we found the father training his son beamed with an inner glow and a little better

in delicate handwork; and we were spellbound by appreciation for the Book of Mormon and the

the important and wealthy merchant who arrogreatness of the gospel. by Kathleen Pettit

*Long robes worn by the Arab people. Tripoli, Libya

JANUARY 1964 67 SEPTEMBER is for selfimprovement.

September is for evaluating the part of the year that has gone already in terms of what has happened to you and what you've done about it. It's for looking ahead once more

to the remaining months, in terms of what you yet can do to make your life more meaningful, better, happier.

// you have ever thumbed through one of the it to suit your needs. Mr. Franklin kept a chart,

books belonging to a young child, you may have taking a virtue a week, and starring himself daily read delightful words written by Dr. Seuss that say when he felt he'd conquered the vice for that day.

if you'd never been born, you might be a "wasn't'.'Just remember that with a little discipline, and

The whimsical ivords make sense. Aren't you a lot of faith in what you can do,, you can conquer

glad you aren't a "wasn't"? Aren't you glad the world. Keep reminding yourself that you are

you're you? unique. There is no one else quite like you in

Now let's go from marbles and blocks to sheer all of creation. You'll be glad you are you and

sophistication with this quote from William not just a "wasn't."

Shakespeare. It indicates hoiv important he conJoan Haskins

sidered "self"; "This above all, to thine own

self be true."

How do you go about being true to yourself?

First of all by being genuinely fond of yourself.

Next to your love and knowledge of God, should come love and knowledge of self.

It is impossible to show concern, interest, or love for others, without first feeling these emotions for yourself. If you can't love yourself

because you've ahvays considered yourself a foursided figure (square), then start whacking at yourself physically, mentally, and morally.

Psychiatrists tell you that any changes you may desire to make for selfimprovement are much more easily accomplished while you're young, than after you've dawdled about for four. or five

decades. Youth gives you a racing start. Don't

listen for the starting gun—go—now!

If you are uncertain how to begin this selfremodeling, organize a bit. Borrow one of Benjamin Franklin's famous fortunemakers. His

quaint system included writing a list of thirteen virtues which he considered necessary to improve himself. Among these virtues were such sturdy

giants as temperance, order, industry, and sincerity. You may want to update your list; revise

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OCTOBER is for fun.

October is for reminding you that all through the year there are things to be doing that are wholesome and wonderful and acceptable in the eyes of anybody who cares a fig about living the good life, the full life, the right life, the life of maximum happiness.

October is for getting people together who haven't gotten together before

1. new members of the Church

2. newcomers to school

3. new officers of the class

4. new boygirl twosomes

Or getting people together who are always together but getting them to do something they haven't done before:

1. Build props for the ward carnival.

2. Stage a "sneak"on the bishopric by surprising them during

their weekly meeting with frosted cookies and chilled milk.

3. Sign up for "turns"at sack lunches for the elders, hot soup

for the new church building crew, thankyou cards (made by you) for MIA leaders.

October is for open houses to remind:

1. the team that you think they're tops

2. the neighbors that you're glad you live on the same street

3. the cousins and aunts and uncles and small fry that sharing

a fine heritage with them is precious

October is for having your girl friend over for Sunday supper (if you're a boy) or your boy friend over for dinner before the dance (if you are a girl). It's for walking through

countrysides, gathering nuts, window shopping, bookstore browsing, gallery going.

October is for doing any one of a number of things to delight you, surprise you, enlighten you, entertain you and possibly even improve you while you are at it.

ELAINE CANNON

JANUARY 1964 69 NOVEMBER is for families.

"There is beauty all around, when there's love member in our families called television. The

at home."TV has changed the life of the family considerOur home should be the most important place ably. I think the attitude of the youth is almost

and part of our lives, because the most important that it is oldfashioned or sissy to sit some people in our lives live there. I'm wondering if evenings with their families and do things tosome of us are not guilty of letting our home and gether—things like reading good books—espefamily come second when there is a choice to be cially the scriptures. And the older people, too,

made. Perhaps this is because we know our famfor that matter—perhaps we can play games or

ilies will love us no matter what we do. But this sing songs. One of the happiest and closest familove isn't to be taken for granted or taken lies I know play games together many evenings.

advantage of. It is a precious thing—and becomes And most important of all is family prayer. If

even more precious when it is given back. I know the kind of relationship is acquired in which a

that I could hardly begin to repay my family, family likes to do these things, and feels at ease, especially my parents, for all they have done, but it is such that, when problems do arise, there is it becomes increasingly evident how much a few enough love and understanding that things are short words of thanks and appreciation can mean talked over in a mature manner, and feelings in repayment for a kind deed done or some servaren't unnecessarily hurt.

ice rendered. "There is joy in every sound when there's love

When was the last time that you put your arms at home."When this closeness and real love bearound your mom or dad and just said, "I love tween family members is achieved, there comes

you"? My mother is always doing special things such a beautiful feeling of joy and happiness.

for me, as yours must do for you, and many times Why not start out each day with this happy

I just get bogged down in the things I'm doing in feeling so you can carry it within you all day my own little world and neglect to tell her how long? Can't a conscientious effort be made so that

much I appreciate her. And my dad—he is always the whole family can eat breakfast together each

gladly willing to play chauffeur and take me around morning and start out the day with some happy to different places, and he is always there when I words? This is where the effort comes in, I

need something fixed, and he is always the one realize. But if we can do this, the good feeling

to smile at me when the corners of my mouth are we obtain becomes apparent to others who see us turning down instead of up. during the day. Happiness is contagious.

As we younger people go to school, our lives President McKay has asked that we let the become centered around teachers and learning. light of the gospel radiate from our homes, and

But do you know that the best teachers are right what better way can we do this than by seeking in our own homes? I would like to give parents a first a stronger bond among family members and

—professorsnew title, one ofwhichliving'.theyI'mmostfindingrightfullyout thatdeserveone sults,then radiatingand renewingthe joyit eachand morninghappinessjustthatbeforerecan learn a great deal just from observing. There starting out on a new day? Everyone notices our

are no better teachers than parents. prophet because of the light that shines from his

You know, I'm also wondering if the closeness face. Couldn't we let a light shine from us also?

in our families doesn't leave something to be And where do we acquire this light more than by desired. If so, how can we go about developing learning and loving in the home?'.. "Making life

a closeness? Sometimes I think we have another a bliss complete, when there's love at home."

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DECEMBER is for creating a Christmas spirit that can last the year round.

And that is just what students of the Skyline Seminary in Salt

Lake City, Utah? have done

for several years. Their 1963

Christmas project was the largest known single undertaking of service for others that any seminary has ever tackled.

The project theme was "The Improvement Era around the World."They sold fifty cent

bars of fine chocolate candy.

They scoured the town and haunted school halls. They

knocked on doors and coaxed cooperation from shop owners.

They put little brothers and sisters to work on the goal.

They used every spare second making sales, making friends.

The candy was delicious and the project a success. As a result

of their efforts, several thousand investigators and new members of the Church the world over will enjoy the true

Christmas spirit all year as The Improvement Era comes into their homes each month.

John F. Heidenreich is principal of the

Skyline Seminary, Studentbody officers are Rod Engar, Bob Kaelin, LeNea Kimball, and Markay Bruggeman.

JANUARY 1964 The Last Word

It is easy in the world to live after the Many times a day I realize how world's opinion, it is easy to live in solimuch my own life is built upon the tude after your own; but the great man labors of my fellow men, and how

is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps earnestly I must exert myself in with perfect sweetness the independence order to give in return as much as

I have received.—Albert Einsteinof solitude.—Ralph Waldo Emerson

Some folks demand the benefit of "Common sense is not the doubt when there isn't any. so common. "—Voltaire

The man who rows the Minds are like parachutes: Seems like the hardest thing

boat generally doesn't They only function when to find in the modern kitchen have time to rock it. open.—Thomas Robert Dewar is an oldfashioned cook.

Rip Van Winkle is the only man who became famous while asleep.

Matrimony is one We should not judge "Rings and jewels are not gifts, state that permits until we see clearly; but apologies for gifts. The

a woman to work and when we see clearonly true gift is a portion of eighteen hours a day. ly, we will not judge. thyself."—Ralph Waldo Emerson

Experience is simply the name we A man's life cannot be bigger than You can save yourself a lot of give our mistakes.—Oscar Wilde the objects to which it is given. trouble by not borrowing any.

To get rich, you must first learn Small minds discuss perto earn more money than you sons; average minds,

spend; from there on it's easy. events; great minds, ideas.

Life is a grindstone;

whether it grinds you down or polishes you up, depends on what you are made of.

Engine trouble, and not a service station in sight

It was such a tiny speck on the ocean that our tanker almost missed it!

Far out in the Sulu Sea, beyond the direct ship They found seven shocked, tired men, took them lanes, the little Ermedita ran into trouble: a shataboard, gave them medical care, and towed their

tered crankshaft. The captain and some of the stricken vessel to the Philippines, saving their

crewmen left in small boats for help—but help means of livelihood.

never came.

It's only one of many times our tanker men have

Seven days had gone by. There was no radio, just made friends for our Company by giving aid at sea.

a white flag fluttering from the mast. Not a ship had

On land, Standard men and women seek to makepassed. Supplies were running low. And hope, too. equally good friends for our Company—by the charAboard our tanker, outbound to Sumatra, a lookout acter of our public services, the

thought he saw a flash of white on the far horizon. integrity of our products, and our

The captain altered his course to investigate. behavior as a citizen.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

I hope I never have a more urgent need for cash than I did last February.

If I do, I'm sure my hair will turn white.

I'll never, ever forget.. I was buying six trucks on contract

The day the roof. in! andto missbusinessfour payments.reverses hadThecausedcompanyme

fell set final deadline for payment at 10:00

a.m. on Friday.

I tried frantically to get another extension. The company, however,

seemed determined to tie up the trucks.

They wouldn't give me time to refinance, and at that time banks were not loaning money for truck payments.

I was desperate. It seemed I would

lose all of my past years of hard work as well as my investment. Shortly I

would be out of business and out of a job. It was the most discouraging day

of my life.

Then I ran into my Beneficial agent.

How happy I was when he reminded me that in my life insurance there was a cash loan value. I'd never dreamed

it would be enough to save my investment.

Four days later I held in my hand an airmail envelope containing a check for $3,500. It really saved the day!

I plan now to return the money to the company later in the year, because

I've learned that I don't have to die to make my life insurance useful.

Some people claim to be "insurance poor."Well, I'm "insurance rich!"

From the Beneficial Life Files.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah