TlmproulBlEra

X

OCTOBER;->48

jlUw* Change to

—CLEAN—ECONOMICAL

—CONVENIENT

—FULLY AUTOMATIC

SEE YOUR GAS APPLIANCE DEALER,

PLUMBER, HEATING CONTRACTOR OR

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY SERVING UTAH AND WYOMING WITH NATURAL GAS—THE MODERN FUEL

EXPLORING?Mr* THE

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Auremycin, a powerful new antibiotic, has been found which may aid in combating diseases not affected by streptomycin and penicillin. It has

been found to be effective against germs of the staphylococcus family, such as cause eye infections, against some viruses and some germs called rickettsia. It's praise for the hostess

... generous praise..:

whenever she serves caAlfalfa, from the Arabic alAlfa, napes with goldenbrown which originally grew wild in SNAX to embellish the

Central Asia was introduced into spread. Everyone loves

Spain by the Arabs. The Spaniards in the flaky, salttang freshturn introduced the plant into Mexico ness, and the buttery

and South America in the sixteenth taste of delicious SNAX.century. In 1854, it was taken to San Try the suggestion next ML

Chile. Other Arabian timeFrancisco from the club meets at Mft. your home! agriculture tocontributions American

include the windmill, ensilage and silos, Reach for the bright red sugarrefining, butter and the date package at your grocery palm. store. TV-——4'"/

A new theory of the birth of our solar system has been given by Dr. Fred

L. Whipple. The complete collapse of

an enormous cloud of cosmic dust and gas formed planets as the cloud contracted and spiraled. An intense heat,

lasting for only a few years, gave the planets a searing roasting just before they developed as we know them now.

A new type of watthour meter has been developed which utilizes a magnetically suspended floating disk, eliminating bearings. The new, smaller, longerlife device for measuring

electrical energy will eventually replace the over 200 million oldstyle meters now in use in the United States.

rw. Winsor M. Tyler has reported

that hummingbirds'wings beat 75 times a second in flying and 55 times a second when hovering. The bird can

fly up to 50 miles an hour.

T Tniversity of Utah biologists have found that sea gulls born in Utah may travel as far as British Columbia or the southern tip of Lower California, Mexico, in their first year. In

three years they return to rear their young in Utah. The gulls live in PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY SALT LAKE

colonies which vary in population from & a few hundred to 80,000. PHOENIX

OCTOBER 1948 609 \Jctober '.':': '/.'V rm

'1948 7>HmprouemenflEra'T H 5 V ICE OF T H E CH U RC H

<:.;: "*:.::.;:

II I | fa i 'i *-w-w* 1 VOLUME 51 llffl NUMBER 10

fl&JN!&>25S

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD. QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page The Cover The Path of Peace George Albert Smith 617 <<rrHE Navajo of Monument Val- * ley,"our October cover, is Church Features taken in the locale of much of The

Temple Marriage David O. McKay 618 Fort on the Firing Line, by Albert R.

Service to Youth Through the Y,MJvLLA< Lyman, The Improvement Era's

The Newly Appointed Superintendency Doyle L. Green 622 new serial beginning on page 624.

The Retiring Superintendency Marba C. Josephson 623 This story, as it unfolds from month

On to the Far East, From the Diary of Levi Savage, Jr* 630 to month, promises to be as colorful the area of southeastern Utah. Evidences and Reconciliations: CXXVII—Does Temple Marriage as

Diminish Divorce? John A Widtsoe 641 The photograph by Josef Muench

Word Portraits, Goff Dowding 614 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 647 was adapted for cover use by

The Church Moves On 621 Presiding Bishopric's Page 648 Charles Jacobsen.

Church News in Pictures -...633 This Month with Church PublicaMelchizedek Priesthood 646 tions 671

Special Features

The Fort on the Firing Line—Part I Albert R. Lyman 624

Brentnall 627 "The Girl I Left Behind Me"—Let's Talk It Over....Mary

Lifferth 629 November Issue Pioneering Today Wanda

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L< Evans 637 'T'he November issue of The Imthe 639 Bookrack * traditionalOn provement Era will the Franklin Universe, Exploring of Juvenile Speaking Homing: ly include delivered addresses the by 609 Jr Delinquency, MeckfesAgnes

Authorities at the General the OcState of Morals, These 642 sel S. Harris,Times—The

G. Homer Durham 611 Cook's Corner, Josephine B. tober semiannual general conference.

Making the Blind See, Kathryn Nichols 644 Since this complete reporting of the

Poor 612 Your Page and Ours 672 addresses requires additional time, the November issue will be a little late in reaching the field. '

The Garnering Season Marba C. Josephson 640

Needed: A Dust Storm Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 640

Editors ies, Poetry George Albert Smith

John A. Widtsoe

on the Firing Line Albert 624, The Fort R. Lyman

Editor "Mail's In"Allen Frances 632 Managing Fowler

L. Richard Evans

634 Mulek J. N, Washburn of Zarahemla—Conclusion Assistant Editor Managing Frontispiece 615 Conceit, Elizabeth R. Her Doyle L. Green to Summer, 611... Dorothy Go u ic628 uHumphreysQuaint Editor Associate Poetry Page 616 LJ. Roberts C. Josephson Marba Viewpoints, 636 Winquist Ruth Haven, 620 Starkweather Gay

-x General Manager Executive and Editorial Offices: George Q. Morris

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Associate Manager

Copyright 1948 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Bertha S. Reeder

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ Business Manager of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a John D. Giles

year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c Editorial Associates

single copy. Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for Advertising Director

in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. Verl F. Scott

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, National Advertising Representatives but welcomes contributions. Edward S. Townsend,

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. San Francisco and Los Angeles

Change of Address: Dougan and Bolle,

Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include Chicago and New York

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included.

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The State of Morals

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

trying If you're to save on the cost of food—and Science Head and Department of Political

isn't-here are of timely who suggestions. a couple Director Government, of the Institute of

University of Utah

A lger Hiss and Whittaker Chambers face each other before an investigating of the committee House of Repits ilk, the and testimony of any Comresentatives. of the two, Mr. One munist, with without oath, or has no

Hiss, is of the the president Carnegie value. Actions speak louder than

for International Peace, Endowment late the succeeding Dr. Nicholas Murwords.mittee, unfortunately,The House investigatingis buried comin a ray Butler. As such, this individual's welter of words while the actions of

influence touches nearly every schoolthe their fellowand Communists LYNDEN in the Intercountry through the room are secrecy. in shrouded The national Relations Clubs sponsored by travelers

files, contain reputedly which FBI the its publithrough Endowment, and records of as actions loyal followed by cations. other man, Chambers, Mr. The oz. 2 cans 7% LYNDEN before, agents since the during, and

is editor a senior of GIBLET the Time, weekly GRAVY available to not war, the commitrice cup uncooked % magazine, America's perhaps most news tee. grateful, can however, be Vi areWe cheese, cup grated influential attijournal as. far public so

that actions are. some communist open 3 tablespoons butter tudes current issues are towards conVi finely in to country, the our cup support view onion chopped

in cerned. positions are Both of men

1 finely cup parsley chopped socalled of the of party "new"Mr.

influence. in are greatly debt They Vh salt teaspoons for Taylor, Wallace example. and Mr.

testipublic serve. the to they Their Va teaspoon pepper this evident, And, such when became

flatly contradicts other. slightly eggs, each 2 mony beaten

Phillip national presias Murray, men

VA. milk, top cups is lying, I or, scalded are one both someWhich

I the of for dent example, O, C grated different thing butter cheese to Add claim from and hot they what cookit the called bravely party what new rice ed and to allow melt, lightly. mixing Is to be? the Chambers, exsupposed Add onion, chopped salt, parsley, chopped creation was, a conception and and

and turned repentant, pepper. corCommunist slightly the To now beaten eggs instrument of called communism, and the scalded add milk slowly and combine is rect? claims to be? he he what And rice the with mixture. into Pour buttered it his fellow to workers upon disavow Is Hiss, the the secretary great of ring San mold. at Bake for F 325 degrees 45 completely. statement, Murray's Mr. minutes, serve Unmold with and vegetable Francisco conference of 1945 which

in the center Serve with this heated reflects early year, long LYNDEN made the the of Charterproduced United GIBLET six. Serves four to GRAVY. deliberation the problem. on conHis Nations, the the of I member Communist

clusion, to not the mention of warnings "elite"that claims to him Chambers a of others, generation may be accepted be? from a position has he moved And

definitive. as His dismissal of Lee influenceof in the top to government

the Carnegie Endowment, where he Pressman as general counsel of the can influence, through the International C.I.O. coupled actions with his words.

Relations Clubs that dot every college and many high schools in the land, the I Tow can the state of morals be imAmerican youth? Or, is Mr. Hiss what proved? Charles A. Lindbergh has

he claims to be? broken into print with Of Flight and

Life (Charles Scribner's Sons, 1948), Here's a Way to Stretch /"""'oiiLD it be possible that both are to bear his testimony on the subject. wk LYNDEN Chicken or Turkey

lying instead of one; and that the Says he, "I now understand that spiritwhole episode is part of a typical Comual truth is more essential to a nation r-0&>

conflicting plot to presentmunist oi. SLICED 5K \ar LYNDEN CHICKEN

to confusemony, thereby and distract testiHowthan thecan mortarspiritualintruthits cities'be foundwalls."and or LYNDEN TURKEY BONED

the Congress, the public, and so set used? Again, actions speak louder 7% oz. con LYNDEN GIBLET GRAVY

up the "vibrations"in society which than words. We must believe in the teaspoon onion salt

will, in Communist theory, add to its reality of spiritual truth, act accordVi cup cooked peas disintegration; destroy the public's faith ingly and then speak and live the truth. To the LYNDEN GIBLET GRAVY add broth

in their officials, in their officials'ability fromor LYNDENthe can BONEDof LYNDENTURKEYSLICEDandCHICKENenough to ascertain the truth; destroy submilk to make 1 cup of gravy. Combine slicscribers'confidence in Time; destroy edcasserole.chicken Topand withpeas withbakingsauce.powderPut intobispastry, or toasted rounds. public's confidence breadthe American in GO TO SUMMER cuits, at 425 degrees minutes. Bake This F. for 20capitalism by bringing the name of will serve persons. two

Andrew Carnegie and one of his By Dorothy J. Roberts

foundations under a cloud? What can

(**o half over, summer, to a way state of morals is Thewe believe?

-* with Lined clover, humming, scentedcertainly low. at a new like lavaliere a a golden day To

Hung from the necklace of a year, "Vfi Tithout reference to any person or With thirty links on either side, group, it may be suggested that, EmeraldleafedGo, and fathom andhappinesspetalwide.

from what we know of communism That harvest may not yield you less.

OCTOBER 1948 611 MAKING THE BLIND SEE By

J\alhrun f-oor

Do blindyou ofrealizeour dayhow owemuchto thethe

Frenchman who invented the Braille system of printing which enables them to read and write?

Louis Braille was born at Coupvray, near Paris, in January 1809.

He lost his sight when three years old as the result of an accident, and his life was spent in aiding those as unfortunate as he.

He attended the Institute for the

Blind in Paris founded by Valentin

Hatty. Haiiy was the first to print

- 3 men bounced a \joit raised letters. Braille, a brilliant

basketball over soo qoo pupil, was only seventeen when he on a rouqh street 4 voir BASKETBALL WAS SUBMERGED IN THE times

OCEAN FOR SIX. MONTHS WITHOUT ABSORBING -resultonly slight was appointed a professor at the

A DROP OF WATPZ! Surface wear! school. He was the first to teach that

the Haiiy system was unsatisfactory because the question of touch had not been considered. A letter with

only a long smooth outline in relief votr was inadequate for the needs of the blind pupil.

inspired by M. Charles Braille was so0U&B&

type in of serrated system Barbier's 1. Wears up to six times as long. which the surface of the letters was

made up of minute points, but even 2. Meets Official standards. this was imperfect for with all their

methods, the blind could not write.

3. Scuffproof.

Braille worked out the rudiments 4. Waterproof—Washable. of his system before he was twenty,

but it took five years to perfect it.

5. Backed by 25 years of research, tests and actual In the Braille system each letter is

use. made in ten fundamental designs.

in parallel are arranged dots 6. Used by over 100,000 schools, playgrounds and The the letdots indicate columns. Heavy

camps. ter, and the remaining light dots establish the position and meaning of

the heavy dots.

Buying a Voit is like getting Combinations of dots indicate contractions of words and signs of learn this blind The 6 balls for the price of one punctuation. by be written system easily. It may

and for the blind as well as printed.

Music also can be read and written in Braille, both vocal and instrumental.

Braille's work has been o incalculable value to humanity. Although he died in Paris in 1852 at

the early age of fortytwo, he did < live long enough to make an indelible

NEW YORK 10, CHICAGO 6, LOS ANGELES II imprint on the future of the blind, cTwnettcaZ cwneftc/M/etce Saftfo/mnt whose lives have become more useful and happy because of his service to them. 612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

. 118 YEARS IN THE MAKING.. A NEW BOOK.

"LATTERDAY PROPHETS SPEAR"by DANIEL H. LUDLOW

"Since this volume is devoted to the religious teachings of God's mouthpieces on earth in f the last dispensation of the Gospel—the dispensation of the fullness of times—and since

the Saints have a high regard for modem revelation and the teachings of the prophets of God, this book should take its place as one of the valuable and great works of the Church of

Jesus Christ.

"This volume will continue for many years to hold a high place among other volumes of

Church literature as one of the principal Latterday Saint reference books on Church Doctrine."

From the Foreword by DR. MILTON R. HUNTER

REFERENCES INCLUDE:

CONFERENCE REPORTS LIAHONA DOCUMENTARY HISTORY MILLENNIAL STAR

OF THE CHURCH DESERET NEWS TIMES AND SEASONS

IMPROVEMENT ERA YOUNG WOMEN'S JOURNAL

JOURNAL OF DISCOURSES NAUVOO NEIGHBOR

Dr. John A. Widtsoe, of the Council of Twelve Apostles, says:

00 "The arrangement is good, and good judgment appears to have been exercised in the $ 4 selection of the items under each subject heading. The material will be welcomed

by Latterday Saints who are always eager for the teachings of the prophets of this dispensation."

BACK IN PRINT AGAIN...

i "CUMORAH'S GOLD BIBLE"By E. CECIL McGAVIN u \

\ By popular request, another edition of this missionary textbook \ is again available for the public. It has been recommended by

\,>-"""""* e Mission Literature Committee of the Church as one of the books every missionary should read. This book stands alone

tP in its class with a wealth of information not heretofore presented flu1*6 tftfby any church writer... no other book contains bo much inter-

<&& esting and valuable information as does this volume.

@*,#>f SPECIAL''Write forNOTICElisting of booksTO FULLand specialTIMEdiscountMISSIONARIESprivileges

See other Bookcraft ad page 661 BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

OCTOBER 1948 WORD PORTRAITS FROM THIRD NEPHI answers are to y with 6ketches bu L/off <d-)owdin9 tt oiiestions aboutmm:

1. And it came to pass that there 2. There became a great inequality

i were many cities built anew, and there in all the land, insomuch that the were many old cities repaired. There church began to be broken up. They

were many highways cast up, and did defy the law and the rights of their the chief country did murder and city led made, roads which from many land, one separated then of the all city...,., nil*1,., in to in nothing the judge There was

land to hinder the people from prosfrom another into tribes. Their hearts

pering, except they should fall into were turned from the Lord, and they cast prophets stone the did and did transgression. in the twenty and And them. Nephi, out from among them

ninth year there began to be some disthe given nevertheless having been putings among the people; and the power did minister among them with

people began to be distinguished by great authority and did baptize many ranks according to their riches. (Chappeople unto repentance. (Chapter 6, v.

ter 6, v. 5 to 12.) 30, Chapter 7.)

foyor*c J

This comp/efe guide to better use of your frozen food locker will save you money, bring new satisfaction from your frozen meats. Use it to buy and prepare

your meats wisely—and use

LOCKERAP to give better protection of natural flavor and color. Get both at your grocer's

or at your favorite locker plant.

Handy homesized roll...

20in. wide, 150ft. long.

3. On the first month, fourth day, 4. There was a voice heard among

and thirtyfourth year there arose a all the inhabitants of the earth crying:

great storm, such an one as never had I have caused this great destruction to been known in all the land. There was come upon this land and people bethunder so great that the whole earth righteouscause of theirthat wickedness.are spared willO yeyemorenot

shook, lightnings such as never had now repent and be converted, that I been known before. The city of Zaramight heal you? Behold I am Jesus

hemla did take fire. The city of Moroni Christ the Son of God. I created the

did sink into the depths of the sea. The heavens and the earth, and all things

greatest destruction took place in the that in them are. Therefore, whoso

land northward but the face of the repenteth and cometh unto me as a whole earth became deformed by the little child, him will I receive. Behold,

life, laid for such and I have down my... and earthquakes and WESTERN CO. thunderings PAPER WAXED it again. (Chapter taken 9.) up have PORTLAND, NORTH all space in the things OREGON done these were - Division CrownPortraits,"follow completion to With "Word v. 8, hours. three of (Chapter about

issues of the three in of next Third Nephi book Thethe 5 to 19.) Improvement Era.

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph bg Monkmeger

JjanrrBt; aufo lu,... btlqtilb tfy Mb xb tuljtt* atoafcg tn

Ij? tijat lljruBtFtlj t IjtB frirkle with Jjta tmgfjt, aam* laptl? %

up in star* tljat {?* pmaljrtlj nt, but bnugetfj irahrattutt tn tjta

amtl (1. & (B. 4:4.)

OCTOBER 1948 615 LAUGHTER IN THE RAIN By Elizabeth Reeves Humphreys A rainy DAY has come to mean ** Gaiety to me Small boys splashing through mud puddles.

Laughter, young, carefree, THESE ARE THE THINGS I SHALL RETURN LittleRunninggirls inup capesthe street,and hoods like rain just Loving the boys Pansye H. Powell By Saunders Spencer By Bessie

neat. staying clean and But

late October moons recapture It the that chase drops crystal means cell "\T7hen heart has raised no chillyMY tree other a Each down to broken dreams come may Where light, fields lie in their barren stubble And playful squirrels. rain of Like day A dwell.

chilly foxes the scamper through When all this to of me. Means is softly lightedThere a way night,

stay, cherished memoriesWhere may soul could homesick keep power No my at burning log dusk, and houseWith away.

trailing like scented musk, SILVER wordsLow WEARS SORROW in heart could eager hold bonds No my slipper tousled furry head, andA Lucille S. Jackson By May tales read, eyes wonder were whenWide their paint apple blossoms pink and When knee, praying boy by my is eyes, are herA small her and hooded Masked white

friends to kind have been who meAnd head. sight turquoise rob a nor Against sky, my tight heart as saw a band myWho silver, rain, like the wears windSorrow gulls wheeling bay. above a sunwarmed Of did speak, hand. but not pressedAnd my blown; I that near, not standing know You may am

is silver night whorled evenHere lies in the heart her hollow where And rise to mists begin But October when build things the that are world.These a dead, fall petals as pass, you upon Or you

Remember one to whom these things were There rests the massive weight of heavy

LITTLE SONG FOR JOHN dear. stone.

it is only those hand who might By Elaine V. Emans ThenAnd matchI shall yoursee myfootfallshadowon intheyourmoonliteyes NoWhoonetouchhas seenher her;passive

A lways, always am I glad grass. Onlyconfess,the ones who cherish and hold close

** mothers For who bestow lad a tender, bundled upon AUTUMN AFTERNOON To herguesssomber skirts, who possibly might Many

The old and simple name of John. By Lizabeth Wall That Sorrow wears a crown atop the cross

rests shoulder's slender That upon her autumns amber shall I know, t Tow many For surely wearing each one length. it * loved have more or this autumn * I, who soon discover, Must have found, of bitter the crucible loss Within

than any? Stability a bit and even the strength. of essence a valiant

grass fresh the little the in its very sound. Over Of music so, for followed you, she where winds blow; AndIs found who

glints like sun a newlyminted The led is reward. Know this; be comforted. AND WILD BIRDS FLYING Spilledpenny;gold of aspen leaves has carpeted There

By Courtney Cottam The lanes I walk. A lonely bird, beseeching, flash of'"Phere's bluegray a feathered PRAYER MY the haloed hills. from overhead And * wings

is cathedralvault blue of sky Fairbanks reaching. By M. G. CriesABeating air, the through up misty morning

rise at the river fromAs ducks dawn is treasurehouse fabulous there, year kneeling him I saw My marshes all for eager great too wealth With * blind thismy the at gate. man A cattails; lair in are frontedThat the hidden spending. passing world The by, was small, creatures brownfurred protectsOf I will wealth again, not such be There to Yet wait. he made was their rest fear;

marauding thrust; enemies*From taloned I this shall autumn's to see not want too, Master him The saw

air the nightcooled holds an EdenNow ending. with a gentle hand And glow lies floor the thunder. valley purple Across in his vision Placed eyes,

they in trust. to heights wing perfectAs a left. I are there autumns many How sand. prayer and moistened With

There's a scarlet streak as a pheasant wonder?

whirs The Master went his way,

I tonight, as kneel But DEPARTURE swift, dartingWith grace azure sky to an

I offer this prayer, up the it arrows with morning movingWhen Jean Rasey By bless Lord, Dear me with sight. flameTo answer another wild bird's cry. did not see her go—but summer

There is splendor in a late October's dawn- I Left with the dusk, and fall is here;

ing The vine on the fence, the elm by the pool SPENDTHRIFT

That is quiet and deep, like the rustle of Are brushed with gold and bronze veneer. Bg Dorothy Marie Davis

grasses, did heeded, goodbye waved—It casts a spell through dollars,And haze Who the autumn hoard but there out TLJere we way autumn, isThat answered wild birds in soaring by * * seashells use trade to They wear. and stirred fantails of reeds, the wings While flashes. teeth, place another One place—shark's of the lane willows swept brooms Or

beads; thistle tufts seeds? milkweed and Of

is man's wealth another needs. man's One

INDIAN SUMMER Down the windy path went summer, But we don't need this blizzard of gold

By Helen Mating HerAcrossfootstepsthe sillmakingof twilight'sno moreclose;sound LetIf thehimpoplardrop hisis richcoinsasinCroesusthe wind'sof old.tin cup

'T'his autumn day is a sunlit patio Than petals falling from a rose. But not keep flinging for me to rake up.

* With trumpet vines of light along its wall, NIGHT THOUGHT bougainvillea ALONE petals MOAN break and fall,Where By Ivy Ward stones blueskied hold warmth,And and By Genevieve Van Wagenen J.

shine on high you glow. hours Harvest moon,

see your enjoyed poor health to such an exWhere all may beams, SHE in this tiny, pool tent, hiddenIndian summer moods recall the sound Yet

Of tinkling fountains spun with brighter Soft moondust gleams. That she bragged of her pains wherever

laughter Youthful hopes, I speak of you she went.

And flowering trees remembered long, long That all my world may hear, Her aches grew worse—my, oh! MY!

after Yet dancing shadows on the golden ground.And My dreamsin my hiddenheld near.heart I keep And why!her friends grew fewer—you know

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE PATH OF PEACE

l-reiiaent Ljeome twert Jmitk &

never was a time in the When they have followed that advice, D,here world's history when there was greater necesthey have rejoiced in the blessings of mortal sity everywhere for men to repent of their life and in the assurance of eternal life.

sins and seek the guidance of our Heavenly The Book of Mormon tells us that there

Father. There has never been a time since was one long period of time when the people

the Church was restored in this dispensation were righteous and that was the two hundred when there was greater need for us to humble years after the appearance of our Savior on ourselves before the Lord and seek his this Western Hemisphere. They repented of

guidance. their sins, turned to the Lord, and were

There are many people who think themprosperous and happy.

selves competent to lead us out of our diffiWhen the gospel of Jesus Christ was esculties, and without hesitation they come fortablished in this dispensation, the Lord reward with suggestions to try this or that as peated what he has said so many times in an experiment. And yet our Heavenly Father the Old and New Testaments, that the price

has advised us that the only plan that will of peace and happiness is righteousness.

produce satisfactory results and take us back Notwithstanding that knowledge, there are into his presence is the plan of eternal life, many who appear to think that we can obtain the gospel of Jesus Christ, as advocated by peace and happiness in some other way, but his Beloved Son. we should all know by this time that there is

The wisdom of the world is not sufficient. no other way, and only sorrow and disapWhat we need is the wisdom of our Heavenly pointment will result from disobeying the

Father. And how shall we obtain it? The Father of our spirits.

Lord has told us that we may obtain the We live in a day when there are many inspiration that we always need by living temptations to evil, and each one who submits righteous lives and by prayer and thankshimself to any of them loses a blessing. Why

giving. is it that it is so difficult for some people to

The Lord, when he placed our first parents comprehend that there is no peace or happion the earth, gave them instructions, and from ness in violating the wise counsel of our time to time he has sent his prophets to counHeavenly Father?

sel their descendants. We have in the Old Because of his love for us our Savior has

and New Testaments the teachings of the done everything to protect us from the effects

Lord, not of man, but the advice of our of evil, even to the giving of his life, but he

Heavenly Father, intended to direct us along will not take from us our agency.

the pathway that will eventually terminate in Shall we be careless? Shall we use things

the celestial kingdom. which God has forbidden? Shall we disThe Ten Commandments given to ancient honor his holy day? Shall we'neglect our

Israel are a guide to safety and eternal happrayers? Shall we take advantage of our

piness. Whenever we violate any of them, neighbors? Shall we do the things that the

we have strayed from the path of peace. Lord has told us not to do, when we know

When Jesus of Nazareth was upon the that by so conducting ourselves we may lose earth, he pleaded with men to live righteous his spirit and we ourselves be lost?

lives in preparation for immortality, and he During these troublous times when so gave his life, demonstrating that he was not many are in distress seeking peace and hapafraid to die and that the resurrection was a piness and not finding it, the best recipe that reality, and after he was raised from the dead, I could give to obtain peace and happiness he continued to advise the people how to live. {Concluded on page 650)

OCTOBER 1948 617 TEMPLE

if young couples postponed marriage until after they got an education. I am not so sure about it.

Each case must be considered on its merits. The principal thing is to be

sure the couple love each other.

Marriage without love will bring misery. But if they are sure they

are mated and have the same ideals, generally early marriages are best.

in the beginThere was is beautiful bright itHow youth! how in races. are united Most writers this of ning goes back country—ita time gleams the stands family that the conclusion this the before of beginning country its illusions, aspirations, dreamslWith

assothe forth as highest form of girl of a given every Beginnings,Book Story without End, was—when

life. It unit is the natural a heroine, maid a ciated Each and each man the practice of dowry, have and we still

friend! all future civic development. In the of a girl's preparing a trousseau,

home, a word derived from Anglowhich is a commendable practice. I

Longfellow, Morituri Salutamus Saxon, we find content and happithink where parents can help they connotes "Home,"one of the ness. should help young couples, especialsweetest of all themes. The Lord has told us that: ly those who have five or six years

in I have but thought one my is forbiddeth not orahead to marry... whoso forheart the the folk of young

is for marriage dained ordained of God, We stillin retaingettingalsoa thecollegebridaldegree.showChurch, and that is that they be of God unto man. er, at which, in some countries, peohappy. I know of no other place Wherefore, it is lawful that he should ple give money. I think this is a

wife, shall they be twain true onethan one and have happiness where home idea dislikes the bride because good all flesh, this that the earth might and life. It in this becan found is posfirst to her for ask husband its creation. of the end C. at (D. answer &sible to a bit of heaven; make home likes to money. independent, She be 49:1516.)

indeed, I picture heaven to be a especially the first year or so.

continuation of the ideal home. By direct revelation, in this pas- I think the government is doing a

sage we have stated in a few words, good thing in giving our returned

I could not find the little maid content,

So out I rushed, and sought her far and the purpose of marriage. It is to servicemen a few dollars to help

wide; bear children and rear a family. Let them get a start after their having

But not where pleasure each new fancy us keep that in mind. Hundreds are been discharged from the service.

tried, now saying, and hundreds more will Recently I heard a most interesting the of rioting merriment,Heading maze say—"How can I marry and supreport on this subject. The incident restless with eyesNor where, and bow half

bent, port a bride in a manner with which happened in Logan at the dedicatory

Love in the brake of sweetbriar smiled she has been accustomed?""How service of a quonset house dedicated

and sighed, can I get an education and support for worship on the campus of the

Nor yet where Fame towered, crowned a family?""I cannot even find a Utah State Agricultural College.

glorified, and place in which to live."These are There were present a number of

I her face, nor wheresoe'er I went.Found

So homeward back I crawled, like wounded practical questions, and our boys young married couples, young wives bird, and girls are facing them. I am willwith babes in their arms. At the beWhen lo! Content sat spinning at my ing to recognize these and other difginning of the dedicatory services,

door; ficulties them, keeping officer and meet in the said, presiding have "We when I asked her where she was said that has the Lord If mind what babes here today. there be many Andbefore—

"Here all the time,"she said; "I never "marriage is ordained of God for people present who do not like the

stirred; man."And I repeat that the very crooning of babies, we will wait a

Too eager in thy search, you passed me purpose of marriage is to rear a few minutes now for these people o'er, gratififor family not and the mere to leave."the encourage thus To

And, though I called you, neither saw nor cation or of Keeping families woman. of rearing man is most comheard."

—Alfred Austin this thought uppermost in married mendable. That house was built exlife, we shall have fewer difficulties pressly for young folk rearing famYes, truly, the "maid content"is and more readily find content. ilies, young G.I.'s who have started

in the ideal home. Thinking men out to build their homes even while

generally have come to that conclu- T-Tow are we going to overcome they are getting an education.

sion. Scientists today say that civsome of these presentday dif- "There is something wrong,"said

ilization is to be measured at differficulties? Postponement of marriage one man, "with our presentday

ent stages largely by the developis not the answer. I know that there marriages."The fault, he thinks,

ment of the home. In history we are many parents whose sons and lies in the fact that men marry withread about different forms of mardaughters are struggling for an eduout any thought of fatherhood.

riage among early peoples and cation who say it would be better They choose their mates from the 618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA iSu presidentresident JJai/ldLJauu \J. rvlcJ\ai Marriage OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

"pinup"girls rather than ask the manhood thinking there was no unto care for, often several children. Today,

question, "Will she be a good mothfaithful woman. My mother was inwomanmanycontinuesparts ofeitherour country,to follow ahermarriedvocaer to my children?"And the girls my ideal, my sisters, and my wife. tion or to spend her time seeking new

are looking for heroes instead of And for all marital troubles in life stimulations—no children to care for—no

to to house cook. meals Under I that the sorry clean—no blamed man. I amthinking, a "Will good he make

leisuretime activities condition her a

I ideal, to such to that change have had father?"author Thishusband and her all absorbing become interests—interit. of usual causes divorce lower Thesays: often lead her her ests which from away

are infidelity on the part of one or husband rather than to him.

One current fundamental thing becomes the other, habitual drunkenness, plain: Nobody teaches fatherhood in physical cruelty or violence, union A flippant attitude toward marit is riage, of suggestion the illadvised reason the basicAmerica. yet And girl reprobate, a with an innocent

..for the existence of very males! To of base, marriage,"the "companionate conditions which as these I mention of the placetake to some. fatherhood—and, exdiabolical of "free sex theory If separation. justify to aextent, we of society motherhood has seem also—our dithe periment,"readymade andinvented endless child appeaseof forms I say them, would could remove

books,ment: radio comic programs and reefs courts are dangerous is vorce It divorce. should be there never kindergartensmovies summer and and is a family bark upon which many substitutes of posevery that marideal and Christ's home

...siblecamps—parentsort. wrecked. the permanent. should To be riage

If the home is the foundation of the naPharisee's question:

tion and of society, which it is, we as a An everdecreasing birth rate, and people had better begin making real homes... Is it lawful for a man to put away an increasing divorce rate are

families. real It has become increasand his wife?... ominous signs threatening the staas aingly youngsters popular to regard

bore and to seize every possible means to the Savior answered: bility of the American home, and

raised their Children byescape company. our present form perpetuity of the

read, that he which not ye Have inevitably will bored couplessuch be by government. of constitutional An them beginning at the made made... them pleasure. in excepteverything marriage

But the good life is not a pleasure hunt. male and female. editorial in a weekly magazine, pubIf we want to be happy, we must pursue And said, For this cause shall a man lished in the capitol of the nation,

happiness, not pleasure. And the measure leave father and mother, and shall cleave says:

of a happy person is his ability to be tough to his wife: and they twain shall be one

with himself and tender with others. flesh? Since 1890 the United States of AmeriIf we are to give marriages their proper Wherefore they are no more twain, but ca's national birth rate has dropped from

start, we must change the ideas and values one flesh. What therefore God hath joined 32.9 per 1,000 population to 19.6 per 1,000

of those who are to marry. The guestion together, let no man put asunder. (Matpopulation in 1945.

of the young man must not be: "Who's thew 19:3-6.) In those same years, the national averthe cutest number I know?"The young age for divorces jumped from 6.2 per 100

woman must not ask: "Who will treat Marriage is a sacred relationship marriages to 31.0 per 100 marriages.

guestion forever?"a bride Theme like are that into for purposes entered falling rising rate birth divorce plus a A lifetime the right anlikely to yieldmost It is ill future. faith in the for one's claimed recognized.. by rate well speak

is this:swer

ill future. nation's for the it speaks Hence present that our observers some

find best I can mother Is she the for my father? phrasechildren? the best Or He it: modern marriages tend to frustrate "Our state rests upon our homes,"

Would I want to be her child? His? these purposes. said former President Taft on one

Formerly a married woman had a home (Concluded on page 620)

Such is the expression of one who senses the responsibility of the home as a place in which to rear children. That is the point I am

—notmaking,lookand ifuponwe keepmarriagethat in asminda

means of selfish indulgence—we are

going to save many misunderstandings, for father and mother lose themselves in the lives of the little babes that come, and in the lives of little children they find content and true happiness.

The Evil of Divorce 'T'here are too many who are wrecking their lives upon the shoals of divorce, young couples among them! For these broken

homes, I used to think that the man i<<SMTltt"was entirely to blame. I grew to

OCTOBER 1948 i 619 TEMPLE MARRIAGE {Concluded from page 619) morally. Sometime ago I quoted a mastery and chastity contribute to

occasion. "And if we cannot keep poem to an older group about the the strength and perpetuity of the

our homes from this constant dedanger of young men's acting unrace.

moralizing breaking up, we had betwisely and immorally. The poem Shakespeare was right when he

ter go out of the business of govwritten by Ella Wheeler Wilcox, an put in the mouth of Adam, the old ernment entirely."American poetess, is entitled "The faithful servant in As You Like It,

In some states of the Union it is Price He Paid,"in which she tells when he pleaded to go out into the almost as easy to get a divorce as the story of a young man who diswoods with his young master it is to get married. As a result of avowed a belief in God and "had his

this laxity, one out of every five joy of life, and went the pace of the Thoughlusty;I look old, yet I am strong and

marriages ends either in divorce or town."Finally he was ready to reFor in my youth I never did apply

annulment. pent of his sins and settle down to a Hot and rebellious liquors in my blood.

I have here ten years'comparilife of respectability. He married a Nor did not with unbashful forehead woo

of debility; means The weakness and sons of young of spotless those woman in married who the beautiful

Therefore lusty winter. age is as a my theirtemple child with those born, virtue. When was married outwho Frosty, kindly. but

side. It is a little difficult to judge it was blind, crippled, and weak,

of the Church marriages because and the mother's health was CLod bless the youth of this Church.

some Church marriages are civil, wrecked. The young man learned May youth so prepare themmarriages performed which in a few his lesson bitterly through the birth selves to be worthy of that form of

months or maybe a year or so beof his sinscarred son. marriage which God has ordained

come temple marriages. Ella Wheeler Wilcox gave that the union of a man and woman

In 1945, there was one divorce for message of warning to the boys and worthy to have their marriage conevery 19.3 marriages among couples girls in their teens who some day summated in a temple of the Most

married in temples and by stake will become fathers and mothers. High. There, as true lovers kneel

and ward authorities, and one dito plight their troth, each may vorce for every 5.9 marriages among cherish the assurance

couples married by civil officers. 1. That their married course beThere is cause for concern over the VIEWPOINTS gins in purity—the source of

increase of divorces in this country By Ruth Starkweather life is unpolluted.

inand even our Church. In one their religious views are 2. That say are baby sitters HPhey to get, hard year the we had astounding report the same. * But of I wouldn't for The difficulty tried know, I haven't

of one divorce for every three civil yet. rearing children properly is

marriages. They say life's gay if you have a nurse,

Now there is something wrong in But purse.something restrains me besides my motheraggravatedhavewhendivergentfatherviewsand

a apparently country have no doubt when a condition of this People regarding doctrine and church at I'm That I'd when home, rather be out. kind exists. affiliation. tell me, job's They "Your too steady."

One contributor to a current But in five years babies go to school... 3. That their vows are made with

magazine says: And one year's gone already! the idea of an eternal union,

not to be broken by petty misWe are concerned with the whole comunderstandings or difficulties.

munity, with you and me and the stake we all have in the preservation of marriage, Youth is the time to lay the founda- 4. That a covenant made in

home, and family as an American way of tion for happy homes. I know there God's presence and sealed by

life. are those who say that repression the Holy Priesthood is more

Promiscuity, sociologists agree, is the is wrong, but I assure youth that binding than any other bond.

... Promiscuity, of marriage. greatest foe

selfmastery, not indulgence, is the 5. That if children come to bless especially remains people, young among

virtue that contributes to the virility the union, they are guaranteed the major source, too, of venereal infecIf are studying, of manhood. you tions. royal a birth—a clean, unpolfree yourself keep the tenfrom luted body.

That is the condition of the dencies that will arouse your physiworld, but we must remember that cal passions, and you will have in- 6. That a marriage thus comthis is our country! Our young peocreased intellectual energy. You menced is as eternal as love,

ple look upon their virtue, I hope, as know, as every man and woman the divinest attribute of the being as sacred as life itself, and if knows, that chastity is the crown human soul.

they want to have a happy home, of beautiful womanhood, and when 7. That the family unit will rethey must ever keep in mind the you seek the girl of your choice, main unbroken throughout

fact that they are going to lay the you want a woman of virtue. Chastieternity.

foundation for it in their teens bety is the foundation of a happy fore they even choose their mates. I home. Remember that in youth. May youth look forward to such

know that there is spreading among Things might come up that would a marriage and the building of a the young people in high schools make a heavy heart in the home, happy home. To make it so, each

and other places the feeling that we but not so heavy as the memory that must lose himself or herself for the are rather oldfashioned if we keep in youth you proved a traitor to your good of the other and for the welourselves clean and wholesome future marriage covenant. Selffare of the family.

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA South African Mission HpHE First Presidency has announced the appointment of Evan P. Wright

to preside over the South African Mis- \\ic LAiw&cXv sion. He succeeds President June B.

Sharp whose appointment to that mission was announced on December 31, 1943. year, missionaries from Zion were their recreational activities. Among the

President Wright filled a mission to called to reopen the mission, and upon most successful of these were the ward

South Africa beginning in 1930. Folarriving, they found many faithful Primaries of the Uintah Stake of eastlowing his return to Salt Lake City, he members of the Church. ern Utah, where the enrollment was

became superintendent of the Y.M. greater than the number of children

M.I.A. in the University Ward. Church Welfare living within the confines of the stake.

HPwo more freight cars loaded with Many of the two thousand children cracked wheat left the intermounwere from nonmember families. The

tain west in midAugust for Geneva, children produced handicraft of exSwitzerland, and ultimate distribution ceptional variety and quality, as part of to the needy Saints in Germany. Both their summer work.

cars were made up of fivepound bags of the lifegiving flour. In all, 110 Canadian Temple

cars of Church welfare produced and President Edward J. Wood of the

distributed food and clothing have gone Canadian Temple, Cardston, Alto the needy in Europe since the end berta, has been released from his duties after a quarter of a century of temple hostilities of II. in World War

service. been He has succeeded by welfare Church The has program

JUNE B. SHARP EVAN P. WRIGHT now received eight speciallybuilt President Willard L. Smith, who was,

trailers and five new trucks for haulat the time of this appointment, president of the Alberta Stake. President ing coal from the welfare Church mine later Africa, to returned South He Smith has been a counselor to Presiat Orangeville, Utah. combined The mission companions he and two where dent in the temple Wood presidency trailers truck and all have over an restauof drivein chain established a for several years. length feet, sixty of and loaded when factories ice rants throughcream and Succeeding President in Smith the have gross a of weight 75,000 pounds Africa. the of out South Union He Alberta is Stake Gordon Brewerton. mine, said to the The largest be welas the of president served JohannesThese changes were at announced fare project in the is Church, operated 193840 from Branch burg from and the quarterly conference of the Alberta direction the under of the Emery, Carin 194547. president branch was He at Stake Cardston, 12. September In bon, and stakes. North Carbon BeBranch, Georgia, Atlanta, Southern the attendance at the conference were fore the units trucking could new be 194142. in Mission, States President George Albert Smith, Presiin operation, placed a road capable of Sister President Wright, whom dent F. George Richards, in who, adcarrying the large vehicles to be had in in married 1936, Wright Capetown dition to being president of the Council constructed this property on the to their will three children accomand the of is Twelve the temple supermine. built. road welfare was The will this mission. him on pany They visor of the Church, and Elder Harold

leave for Capetown and their field of B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve.

labor after the October conference. Canadian Ranch More than seventeen hundred CanadiThe South African Mission of the npHOuSANDS of tons of hay were an Saints attended the conference.

Church, like many missions, is nearing harvested during this first year of its centennial. At a special conference operation by the Church of the eightyTemple Square

held in Salt Lake City, August 28, one thousand ranch obtained last spring TDeadying a new restroom building 1852, Elders Jesse Haven, Leonard I. in southern Alberta, Joseph L. Wirthto be opened in time for the OcSmith, and William H. Walker were lin of the Presiding Bishopric reported tober semiannual conference excavatcalled to open the work in South as he returned from an inspection trip ing workmen discovered an eighteenAfrica. Elder Haven was called to of the area. inch layer of granite chips beneath the

preside. surface of the ground where they were

The three missionaries went first to Pioneer Highway digging. The manmade rock stratum

Africa, then to Liverpool South and evidently was the chips that fell as the third four of recontracts TPhe arriving 19, 1853. granite August in Capetown, stones of the Salt Lake Temple quired to complete the Pioneer first in Africa, meeting Their South walls were being made ready for Memorial from Emigration Highway later, in several broken up days was placement. contractors The of 1948 to Henefer, Canyon Utah, has been in the confusion element a by experienced mob little no difficulty in cutearlier awarded. contracts for Two congregation. ting through the layer. buildThe new this portions of will road follow which at the is ing and on went work However, located on the southwest corner '47, the route of the Pioneers of have at Elizabeth held Port conference a on of Temple Square.

August 13, 1855, "the Church in the been virtually completed. The fourth

contract, for providing the constructo of reported was Hope"Good Cape Sunday School Board tion six of remaining the miles the of six conferences, branches, three have A. F\r. Bishop, LeRoy professor of

is road, let not until to expected beI 126. total of membership and a On elementary education and school spring.

27, Elders 1855, and Smith November administration at Brigham Young UniWalker sailed for Utah, taking with versity, has been named to the general them fifteen emigrating Saints. Summer Primaries board of the Deseret Sunday School

For a period between the midsixties As in years past, the Primaries Union. Dr. Bishop has long been acand the year 1903, the mission was in throughout the Church held sumtive in Mutual and Sunday School

| the hands of local brethren. In that mer sessions to help guide children in work.

OCTOBER 1948 621 Service to Youth

A Message From Superintendent Curtis "T have loved and admired Brothers George Q. Morris, John D. Giles,

and Lorenzo H. Hatch through the many years. The Lord has

blessed their administration and a great and noble work has been accomplished.

"I feel extremely humble in undertaking this assignment from the

First Presidency of the Church. I believe in the youth of Zion and

have enjoyed my association and contacts with them.

"It is at once a great challenge and a magnificent opportunity to labor for their growth and wellbeing. I shall devote myself to the

work and with the help and inspiration of the Lord, feel confident that the work will continue to go forward."

—Elbert R. Curtis

Jke / (emu Arppointed Superintendencu

v3u 2/joyie oL. Ljtreen

ASS'T MANAGING EDITOR

ELBERT R. CURTIS

Newly Appointed Superintendent, Y.M.M.I.A.

and managing the affairs of The him for his present responsibilities.

Improvement Era. The great M Born in Salt Lake City on April

1901, of 24, he is a greatgreat-grandof President son Brigham Young,Howantsthe forLordleadershipprepares hisin servthe Menthe Boyprogram,Scoutsandof Americathe programin the

Church through years of trainChurch come under his direction. and a son of Patriarch Alexander

ing is demonstrated in the life of Added to Superintendent Curtis'R. and Genevieve Raine Curtis. His

Elbert R. Curtis, newly appointed deep interest in and concern for formal education was obtained in

superintendent of the Young Men's youth is a rich background of servthe grade schools, the L.D.S. High

Mutual Improvement Association. ice in numerous positions in the School, L. D. S. Business College,

Elder Curtis, who in his fortyeighth Church, all of which help prepare and the University of Utah. He is a

year becomes the eighth general suhim for filling his new appointment. graduate of the Sales Analysis Inperintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A., In addition, experiences which he stitute of America at Chicago.

will carry the torch handed down has had in business further qualify (Continued on page 666) by some of our great leaders. These

include Junius F. Wells, 18761880,

four Presidents of the Church, and A. WALTERFirst AssistantSTEVENSON RALPHSecond W.AssistantHARDY

two apostles: Wilford Woodruff,

18801898; Lorenzo Snow, 18981901; Joseph F. Smith, 19011918;

Anthony W. Ivins, 19181921;

George Albert Smith, 19211935;

Albert E. Bowen, 19351937; and

George Q. Morris, 19371948.

In his new position Elder Curtis will supervise religious and recreational activities of about 67,000 members of the Y.M.M.I.A., and

jointly with the president of the

Y.W.M.I.A., will direct recreational activities of the entire membership

of the Church. Some of his general

duties include the supervision of the planning and building of manual and recreational programs, preparation of handbooks and manuals, conducting of conventions throughout all of the stakes of the Church,,622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tkrouakf the Jhe IKetirivia%nna Swperintendenc—lupe

(By rVlarba C. Josephs on

ASSOCIATE EDITOR

SUPERINTENDENT GEORGE Q. MoRhave made him one of its beloved

ris, newly appointed president men.

of the Eastern States Mission, By heritage he enjoys the qualimoves from one position of responties of the Welsh and the English, sibility to another through his refor his father was Welsh; and his

lease as general superintendent of mother, English. He has a delightthe Y.M.M.I.A. to appointment as fully quiet sense of humor that he

president of the mission. Throughinherited from the Welsh, and this

out his life, Brother Morris has strikes home when situations need given unstintedly of his time and to be lightened by a deft touch. His

talents to the Church, and his traingallantry and courtesy are innate ing and his personal characteristics and have made it a delightful ex-

Q. MORRIS GEORGE

President, Eastern States Mission A Message From President Morris Newly Appointed "TPhe opportunity for service in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints does not lie in one organization or one auxiliary alone, but lies in membership in the Church. From membership we may be perience for those who have been

called to positions of leadership—and whenever that call comes, we privileged to accompany him on

grow if we accept it. My experience in the Mutual has been a happy conventions and other assignments

one, largely because of the unusual people with whom I have been of the M.I.A. His consideration and

of the growth pleasure to watch to privileged been work. It has a real interest have been of great import,

realized, yet to be are accomplishments program. There the Mutual

and I am certain that under the direction of the Lord and under the and he has made what might otherleadership of Superintendent Curtis the organization will continue to wise be strenuous trips enjoyable progress and achieve. I am likewise happy to go into the mission field, excursions. The work of the Mutual

where I hope to further the work of the Lord upon—Georgethe earth."Q. Morris hasElderbeenMorrisforemost,knows theof course,country butbecause of his association with the

Utah Pioneer Trails and Landmarks

Association of which he has been an

JOHN D. GILES LORENZO H. HATCH

First Assistant Second Assistant executive member for many years.

With this knowledge he has shown the interesting spots to the group as they have journeyed to and from assignments.

Blessed with an innate dignity.

Elder Morris has brought respect to the organization which he heads.

Restraint is his keynote. He is always the gentleman, always the

nobleman.

Work with the hands has ever been respected by Elder Morris, both by inheritance and inclination.

This respect for honest labor is inherited from both his parents. His

mother, Mary L. Walker Morris,

evidenced it throughout her life.

One particular occasion persists in memory. She was on one occasion

visiting the colonies in Mexico (Continued on page 663) OCTOBER 1948 623 The Fort on the

possession of the precious hunting grounds which their fathers had

This theis supposedlast of theto given them. But, alas, they lacked be

old fort at Bluff the essential strength of union; they

had always preyed one on another and still cherished deep hurts and bitter differences. Also they lived

like wolves in poverty, never having the canyon knew that as invaders reserve supplies, but devouring they would be resisted and possibly what they found from day to day.

attacked by the people of the land. To form an effective union and recu dhamjcdisL sist the wondrous organization

now AsihiaL whichfar beyondthese intrudersanythingoperated,they washad learned to do.

Through the long cold winter the Chapter I Indians drew their scanty rabbitthat silent and sunburned soliskin robes around them and nursed

INtude two men appeared from the the little fires in their wickiups mouth of the canyon, one of them while they talked of the adobe fort on a horse, the other afoot. Astonand its determined builders. From

ished eyes followed them through some of their people who begged the mist of heat and distance while and spied at the fort, they learned they prospected far out across the that the strangers wanted to be valley, to return and disappear in friendly; but friendly or not, they

the mountain when the sun hung had come to take the country; and

low in the west. Next day a little if more of them came, they would

company of men emerged from that no doubt build another fort and a same canyon, made their way town around it.

through the sagebrush along the tracks made by the two the day before, and when they reached a stream, they stopped and fell to work at once as if with premeditated plan to make that their permanent abiding place.

Nothing like that had ever happened there in all the known ages toweringNavajo twinsabove Bluffof the past—white men coming

without invitation or permission to They began therefore at once to inhabit Salt Lake Valley. The Inbuild a fort, a hollow square of

dians gazed in astonishment, dragadobe houses to serve as a place of ging their halffilled net of crickets defense while they established themand grasshoppers idly behind them. selves firmly in the area around it.

They must go over there; they must

see these white invaders with their Tn the autumn of that year, while animals and wagons and other the colony worked early and late A typical hillside inCounty,the desertUtah.regions of San Juan

strange gear. with an aggressiveness to arouse

In three days a long stream of surprise if not fear in the minds of wagons came pouring out of that the staring natives, more people When the summer came again, canyon—fifty—seventyfive—began stringing out of that canyon the summer of 1848, other commaybe a hundred! And a hundred from which the first had come. panies did come stringing out of

and fifty—a hundred and seventyAlong the twinwheel tracks worn that canyon, startling numbers of

five—maybe two hundred white in the sagebrush the long procesthem and coming to stay. Scouts

men. They drove their teams of sion kept coming, coming—a hunfrom the fort went spying out the

oxen and horses and mules to where dred wagons, maybe more. A thoucountry north and south for hunthe little company had stopped, and sand people—maybe, two thoudreds of miles, and a goodsized

spread out there like an anthill in a sand! company of them made their way

big camp, buzzing with work and To the Shoshone and his brotherdown into Sanpete Valley, built a strange preparations. tribes this was a most serious matfort, and made there another beginThat company of white men from ter, a grave threat to their further ning a hundred and fifty miles

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA /e.Firing Line & jLi J,iman

southeast of Salt Lake. Very soon dead, facing winter with nothing to

after that another strong company eat, saw no better way to survive came out from the city springing up than to throw themselves on the around the adobe walls, put up mercy of their victorious enemies, a stockade for defense near Utah and when they had been fed and

Lake, and began there another centreated with kindness in Salt Lake ter to spread in the regions around till spring, the report of it tended to it. hush the rising call for war.

Something had to be done or the

Indians would lose their inheritance. *Tthe year 1851 the Mormon chief,

With their poor understanding of Brigham Young, sent a colony how weak and disorganized they to build a fort and establish a place were, and how potent the arm of called Parowan, three hundred miles law and government among the setsouth of Salt Lake. These long and

tlers, they came in the nighttime aggressive strides to the south, and drove away a herd of horses matched by other aggressive moveand cattle from the new stockade at ments to the north, caused Chief

Fort Utah ( Provo ). With the comWalker of the Utes to consider with

ing of daylight, they saw the men alarm what was happening to his of the fort hot on their trail. They country, but he considered, too, the PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG

hurried into Rock Canyon and made warm friendship of these strange the best defense their weapons and white people, and their eagerness to laration of war, there was always their understanding afforded, killing help the Indians, and instead of retwo or three white men, but losing acting with hostile gesture, he made danger. Chief Walker had made but of friendship, professions wordy that call of their friendly chief, they a on the men own so many Mormon

his even with not supreme he was as telling scurried best they for the could other him could where towns own tribe, and he might at any time change his mind.

The fort was the indispensable protection to each new step farther into the big wilderness, and the extending zone of these protections north Looking up Comb Wash radiated out from that first adobe fort at Salt Lake City, like the ringwaves in a pool of water from a falling stone. This fortzone and its

firing line was destined to mature in the north and the west, but in the south and east it was to focus at last

Indian | $ TJ, in one faraway corner, there to

Hogan build the last fort in Utah.

be made, and encouraging the Mor- 'T'his age and its way of fighting mons to spread out and build up the had a tremendous lure, not only country. captivating mature men, but also inThe sprawling frontier, extending fusing into ife own children an unnow in a ragged line for hundreds of dying love for the thrills of its

miles through wild valleys, rockpeculiar warfare. One of its enthuribbed canyons, and overtimbered siastic devotees was Peter Shirts,

mountaintops, was reinforced at its the Daniel Boone of the Rocky most important vantage points with Mountains. In the remoteness of

forts, stockades, and other structhe upper Pahreah, east of what is tures of defense. Trusting eyes of now Kanab, he with his wife and

children, of the old and the defensethree children turned their house less, peered trustingly from the portinto a fort and fought Indians there shelter of the brush and willows holes of sheltering walls at the silent all winter instead of moving away towards the lake. wilderness around them from which for safety as their few neighbors

How sternly they were undeunfriendly Indians might appear at had done. With a love like that for

ceived by the fight which followed; any time. It was only the brave or the firing line, it is only to be extwenty or more of their braves fell; the venturesome who went alone or pected that Shirts would follow it

and the few remaining sneaked terunprotected beyond the barriers, for on and on, and that he will be found rified away. The families of the whether or not there was open dec- (Continued on page 626)

OCTOBER 1948 625 The Fort on the Firing Line precious teams and milch cows the But behold, to the Navajo, his settlers had brought with them. most profitable neighbor was the

(Continued from page 625) These robbers, the Navajos, one on whom he could prey to the again trying to find it in the farstruck always where they were best advantage. Jacob Hamblin, a

away. least expected, and they had made great lover of the Indians and an

Chief Walker of the Ute tribe, such careful preparation for reardent advocate of peace, made the did change his mind about that treat, they got far away in the rocks long, hard journey over desert and peace policy. When he considered before their raid was discovered. mountain and river into the Navajo

the wholeheartedness with which Elusive and wary as coyotes by ages country with his offering of good the Mormons accepted his invitation of training in their vocation as robwill to this nation who had been to spread and bers, they were not striking in redespoiling his people. He was acbuild new prisal for any wrong they had sufcompanied by Thales Haskell,

towns, he fered nor because their country was George A. Smith, Ira Hatch, and

raised a howl being invaded, but in long and wellothers, and they toiled from place of protest planned expeditions from their to place, seeking in vain to get a against them, homeland they were intent on gethearing. This kind of plea to the

and incited his ting horses, sheep, cattle, anything Navajos meant nothing but weakpeople to atthey could use or sell for gain. They ness and fear.

tack the new.- 'proved to be a And when the Navajos observed

settlements. more crafty that these peace envoys consorted

In 185354, and a more imwith the weak, despised Hopis who he and his placable enewere always cringing and pleading people carried my than any for peace, they concluded that the on the war the Mormons Mormons and the Hopis were no jacob hambun with such fury had encoundoubt alike, timorous and fearful.

that some of the new forts had to be tered in all the The Navajos saw no need to be abandoned. Yet, however dark they mountains and friendly with any people of whom

made the picture for the struggling valleys from they were not afraid. Especially

settlers, it was more dark still for Salt Lake City should they refuse any obligation of the Indians, and they began soon to the Santa friendship to any tribe or nation on to realize that they were not preWalkerUtah Indians(Wakara)(from Chiefa paintof Clara. whom they could enrich themselves

pared for war. It was not only uning by Carvalho in 1854) While this by plunder.

profitable, but also disastrous, more tribe from the Haughty and vain in their decso to them than to the settlers whom laration that they had no fear of robbed, they glad and was Walker failed white misermen had who southeast to President at meet Chicken Young for generations to conquer wore their ably treaty to a of agree and Creek them, they rejected spurned and plundering peace. trails deeper these offers of peace. Hamblin and

That was the official end of the every month, his companions toiled on from camp war, though outlaw bands of Inthe suffering to camp till they knew by the sullendians continued to make raids on settlers along ness and frowns of the Navajos that livestock and attack unprotected the border aptheir lives were in danger if they travelers, especially in the southeast. pealed to their went on. They looked for a proYet even before the Walker War, leaders for tected place to stop for the night,

and right soon after the settlement wisdom and a resolved if they could to get back was begun at Parowan in 1851, and way to survive. thales haskell to the river

a little start made on the Santa Walker and and return

Clara much farther south, these his braves had been pacified, and home.

hardy frontiersmen began gradually comparative peace restored to the The dry unto be aware that off to the southeast settlements, but this Navajo menace relenting of them lived a tribe of Indians who seemed ever to be getting into betbreath of deswere natural robbers, considering it ter gear for greater activity. The ert beat against

folly to make peace with any people Mormons had offered peace to the their tanned having valuable substance of which Utes, and sued for peace before faces, and the they could be despoiled. taking up arms against them. The smell of sheep

logical and only consistent thing came to them 'TThe sturdy explorers and settlers now was to send messengers into from hills that of what came to be called the the distant Navajo country, invitPETER SHIRTS had been

Dixie Country, found themselves ing them to be good neighbors and grazed bare.

looking away with apprehension at to have good neighbors, to come Distantly to the blue profile of Buckskin Mounover and trade and to live in peace. the south the gray monotony of destain in Arizona. From the dark These messengers were also to visit ert was relieved by a blue dome of

shadows hovering above it ten thouthe Hopis, a very friendly and inthe San Francisco Mountains, but sand inveterate robbers seemed to dustrious people whom the Navajos in all other directions they saw the gaze in eager anticipation at the had hated and plundered. (Continued on page 656)

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "The Girl I Left Behind Me"

(—<r tfole to rvfi66ionane5 ana Ikeir C/iri rnenad)

all the time gone. you're ForBy world his taking best was West get that ever friend at you a hadJim girl friend, after Carla, home MARY BRENTNALL girl friends home. Forget your

his farewell. at Friday Next

6:30 p.m. he was to leave for you won't have any when you get

girl Forget anyway. best home your a forAustralia mission on that the Brother the Jones. Wasn't the married have friend—she'll trying Carla toChurch. be was gay dillicst talk?"other mind your up fellow. Make casual, there but quiet aand was I right. thought "Oh, it was all to it."

spot within her. Brother Jones'What was it you didn't like?"

talk had bothered her. She liked "You know what it was I didn't

Jim. She had known him for years. like."cLetd Ualk Jrt \Jiver

She had gone out with him for And then they were off on a conthat leftmonths—almost to the "steady"versation both a litthem merit was, course, of There some

point. tle breathless. reached had They is, in his talk. in mission some A

an "understanding,"and they both ways, another world, and, certainfelt better—at least for the time bely, a special type of service. Nevertheless, a mission is an interval in a

whole life and not a complete life in itself. It's a very concentrated

interval. It can be a very happy and

profitable interval. It nearly always

results in great good to many people and almost without exception in tremendous good to a young man and to his family. But all of this

depends to some extent on what has gone into his life before his mission.

There is connection both with the past and with the future. There is

connection with his family, with his friends, and even with his girl friends. Sometimes, most especially

with his girl friends! "The girl I

left behind me"is a very important person to the missionary. Whether

she remains so or not is another thing.

If, in a mission field, a number of missionaries have gone through the trying experience of having their j;vumsteady girl friends break the news

of other attachments, an interesting attitude develops. It is made up of

It would be easy, Carla ing. Brother Jones'talk had "backone part cynicism, one part high

thought, to fall in love with Jim, fired."humor, one part "elderly"affection,

but I'd better not. He'll be away Brother Jones had meant well. He and seven parts anxiety for the

at least two years, and then he'll be had tried to combine rollicking hucause they serve.

in school for another year or two, mor with sound sense, and for some Jim will meet this almost at once.

and maybe we'll both change. I'd reason the two hadn't mixed. In When his companions first learn

be content to let things work out essence this is what he had said: of Jim's heart interest, it will be

in their own best way—if only "Now, I want to give Jim some "open season"on him. The whole

Brother Jones hadn't spoken the advice. Jim, while you are on your group will attempt to harden him

way he did. mission, just forget that there is to the possible hurts ahead by

"It was a wonderful farewell, such a place as your own home needling him thoroughly at the beJim,"she said—"something for you town. Write to your mother ocginning.

toaway—asremembera matterall the oftimefact,yousomeare casionally,to her, and ofshecourse.deservesYou owe it "After all,"they reason, "it hapit, but forpens all the time, so why not be

thing to remember all of your life."get everybody else. You're in ready? Jim's too fine a fellow to be "Yes, it was swell—all but another world. Now stay in that (Continued on page 628)

OCTOBER 1948 627

THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME

(Continued [com page 627) Under these conditions, three tion. It may be just an understandthrown by a disappointment, and if things may have happened. They ing on how often they will write

he's hurt, his missionary work will may actually have reached that to each other and whether or not suffer; so let's face it."They bring final stage where they can wait no by air mail. It may be an underwill goout the "percentage"statistics. The longer to be engaged—where standing that though sheBoy Scout motto of "Be Prepared"neither of them is quite able to face out with others—if she wants to

has no more ardent adherents. the missionary years ahead without she will make no commitments until

Preparation for all eventualities the assurance of faithfulness. If her missionary friend returns. It

acknowledgis, I suppose, a good thing. But it this is so—if this engagement must may be just a mutual

their feeling for each othercan be carried too far. Courting be—then it should be made with ment of

disaster is just a little hazardous the utmost seriousness and kept and a suggestion that if they feel you must be prepared to win it. with absolute integrity. The enthe same in two years, they will beAnticipation attracts trouble as a gaged missionary should meet his come engaged. Any promises should

magnet pulls steel. And the lack heckling companions with serenbe asked and given only under the

feelings, but once givenof faith evidenced, is sometimes at ity—their good humor, fun, and afmost urgent

strange variance with the gospel as fection taken in the spirit of the moshould be held to be sacred and in each otherpreached by our friend Jim and his ment—but the cynicism met with binding. Confidence

companions. (To paraphrase Mr. deaf ears and a staunch heart. And should be implicit.

Shakespeare) "Cowards lose many a girl engaged to a missionary The third situation reminds me of times before their loss, but the should be equally impervious to the a friend whose mother—wishing to

valiant never taste of loss at all."sly malice of the unbelievers. She play her full and gracious role in

In fact, to the truly valiant, loss is should be thoroughly prepared to any romantic arrangement—asked

not only not anticipated, if it comes give up all social life which calls him before he went on a mission, if reached an "unat all, it isn't even recognized—it's for "twosomes"unless an indulgent he and Edith had

just a blessing in a queer disguise. father, an admiring brother, or other derstanding."The young man an-

: So much ( right now ) for the missacrificial close relative is available swered

sionary in the field and his thoughts and can "fill the bill."It might help "No, there's been no understandthen added quickly, "butof his best girl. Now what about if she, too, considered that she was, ing"—and

the girl, herself, at home? She finds in a sense, "on a mission."Althere's been no misunderstanding,

herself in a most perplexing situathough her temptations to break either."

tion. She is obviously expected to This third situation could be deCONCEIT QUAINT HER misunderstanding"the as fined "no friend missionary herdisappoint

Elizabeth Reeves Humphreys By a to It to be situation. seems me If, so. immediately sayseveryone

I, child the sat bench, and E on a status. Without desirable fails atto his she departure,upon cobalt, sky autumn Beneath a but an anything W her, circle of about tract swains mostpromises—without a

tree, sassafras to pointed a She affection, one interest and unselfish losslipping. She's areher charms it said, be.""as can "It's she mad,"

to are left years for the if appeal, another younging other—the her turned? leaves have red its how "You see of our Heavto the plans time and it's burned."temper that's because in Well, her not take by storm doesman

the absence of her "steady."Per- I asked about the hickory's yellow enly Father. This is the perfect

all proceedhaps the missionary, himself, won't She smiled, "Oh, that's a jolly fellow."security—the safest of

think much of her if she is not be- "Its leaves are bright and full of fun, ings for the average young man and dancing in the sun."young woman whose companionship sieged in his absence. This is all Now watch—they're

pine the I questioned, about They is interrupted "How by a mission. it is just course, but of nonsense, green and fine?"stands and so tall Which interest their find shelter finds of it that possible some

said, jealousy,"she green means "But words than and it as because, odd affection—strongerways of showing mind, in a girl's instead."like the golden "I one

may seem, isn't that practically what and often more appealing. The

Brother Jones said? loose and go out "just once with shared joke, the warm interest in

Let's try to keep our thinking someone I've known for ages who the life of the other. These things

actual free from are both greatis be friend"only a good may gradaso are straight. hold—yet many There true to be than she betrothed, of her er those responsibility—other than misfriendship between of tions

is missionary ideals. their The to missionary, that her aware be must girl that friends their sionaries and his to first thought his give to free is adulato the constant subject too, deal to sizable it book take a would to free girl friend the calling, great investigators tion and of members the purposes all For of them. with heart. her search herself and find attracted being help by cannot who talk let's of only this discussion, of besilenced are hecklers the And Latterintelligent, clean, young a he though missionary may who, the world's is, the from there cause lives he though girls, day has several with friendly be Saint—even heckle. to nothing standpoint, spirit full of letter and the to up girl. special These best very one

situthree the of which matter that, No rules. missionary of And of each deal great a think two

is in, is a constant there she ations other—so girl at of the in the mind question possibility is, that stances were muchright—ifthat iftheycircumwere course,The hesecondmust do!

older and his mission behind him like Carla and Jim, they have home they might be thinking seriously of reached an "understanding."This "What can I do to keep us near

marriage. is, of course, subject to interpreta- (Concluded on page 654)

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the exception of Utah's canyon. We had sold our house With this advice in mind, weWitholdtimers, there are few peoin the city, purchased a plot of moved to a new neighborhood on

ple today who can truly apground in the canyon, and there we the outskirts of Salt Lake City, but preciate the pioneers. My husband planned to build our home. In the it was not far enough away. We

and I are among this few, because that is what we have been—pioneers. Our experiences have beenonly minor compared to what those Pioneering

people went through, but we now have a much fuller appreciation of those pioneers. Today

It was the middle of August that we made the move. Henry had

gone ahead to the site we had chosen in Lambs Canyon, built the bridge, set up the tent, and moved still must move farther. Schoolingwhat furniture we would need to meantime we would live in the tent

the spot. Upon the children's and until the house was completed. for the children was no problem, for

It was a puzzle to everyone why our eldest child was only three;

we were making such a move. A therefore, we were free to live any

canyon is attractive to everyone in distance that we desired from a the summer when the weather is community. Then Henry found

warm but not as this spot. I just couldn't say no.

a permanent home It was everything he had ever throughout the winwanted in a place to live. He had

ter, too. Such a always been very fond of the canmove was necesyons. I knew his health would

sary, though, and improve, living here, so we made we had considered our decision.

it for a long time. We had to move fast, though.

It was already the first part of

August; so before I realized what

had happened, we were living out of doors. This began our pioneer

way of life.

The first night was pretty discouraging. It was raining, so we

had to move immediately into the tent. We missed having the bonfire we had planned to build to cook

our supper. Instead, we opened a can

of meat and made sandwiches from the bread we had on hand. This,

supplemented with canned milk, made up the first meal in our new home.

The next morning Henry had to return to the city to take care of the final moving of our furniture to a storage place. The children and

I were left to become acquainted with our new surroundings alone.

I shall never forget that first day.

October was only three days old I was uncertain as to what the fuwhen we had our first snowfall. ture held for us; I was homesick;

and I was thoroughly dismayed at my failure in making fires. Successful bonfires were just not in my line.my arrival, I was reminded of other First there was the advice given

trips to the canyon that we had Henry upon his discharge from the I kept trying, though, but it took made on holidays. It was hard to navy. a long time before I finally sucrealize that this was to be more "Move to a quiet community. ceeded. First I tried burning logs,

permanent than merely a picnic. City life is too strenuous for your but my log fires never cooked anyYes, we actually were going to nervous system,"the doctor had thing. They only smoldered. Twigs

make our permanent home in the said. (Continued on page 658)

OCTOBER 1948 629 L*Cs-S'ON TO THE,./* 4'o We left the Great Salt Lake October 21st....

[December 18.] We arrived at

San Bernardino all well; finding the

Saints here generally enjoying the same blessing. Here we disposed of

**'our horses and wagons to the Saints > who paid us a good liberal price for them and assisted us to go on to

San Francisco....

****** *tk** A small brig, called the Fremont, arrived just before us with Bro. Addison Pratt and family from San

**Br *N#- TahitiFrancisco.IslandsTheyon hada missionbeen to andthe

A were on their return trip to G. S. L.

City. We engaged our passage on

this brig....

December 29: We embarked on

the abovementioned brig commyself with a number of other elders manded by Europeans and next went to the Council House to remorning sailed for San Francisco, ceive blessings, preparatory to our where we arrived after a very unmissions, under the hands of Elders pleasant voyage owing to the

HPhe diary of Levi Savage, Jr., Wilford Woodruff (one of the weather, our poor accommodations,

called as a missionary to Siam Twelve), Joseph Young, and Jedand seasickness.

ninetysix fall, this is years ago a ediah (Presidents of the M. Grant 6, 1853:"o'clock p.m., 4 January small, pocketsize journal, in covered Seventy). being Bro. done, This let the Captain ordered anchor The imitation green leather, has which Luddington arrangeand I made go, chain the fouled but got been and badly water. Elder damaged by

Savage made his entries in ink as he ments to travel together in one wagwould not let the anchor drop. The

traveled westward toward his apon. Our time for getting ready was wind and a strong tide carried our

pointed missionary labors in the Far for short, the of elders company ship, that brig against damaging a big East, and Improvement The Era to travel were the with to eastern we on both then passed some, and here presents his excerpts acfrom count. The diary itself is the keepworld had their appointments at the down the bay nearly a mile before

sake of a son, Riley Savage, of special conference held the August the anchor brought her up. The

Leeds, Utah. Ruth Savage Hilton, before and were ready for the jourwind continued to almost a gale atwife of President Hilton Eugene at the time of ney we received rain heavy with conour aptended and Stake, the Oakland sent us a copy. pointments. ( Brother Luddington night. tinued all next morning The

and myself.) we landed and made preparations

We were both destitute of a team to collect means by explaining to and with exerwagon, hence much the imbrethren the people our and City, Great Salt Lake tion settled business, purour we of mission. portance of our Most Territory Utah chased team, our got and ready for the required amount by was given

I long our tedious journey. and left Bro. Horner. John: 6, 1 852 The annualOctober little boy year only one conmy was 1 who ference of the and Calcutta* misSiam Saints Latterday The

old, ten with months my [s] sister, sion for a for the passage convened engaged $200 purpose of doIra of wife Eldrege. andHannah—the Iting each. business passage board instructing on and was cabin the

child. only His mother He is mySaints. At this conference there the ship Monsoon—S. Windsor, died Dec. 29, 1851.

was near one hundred elders It was advisable to take the Commander. The Monsoon sailed

called upon to take missions to diffrom Boston, August 28, 1852, the southern route to San Francisco ferent parts of the world. Among where we were to embark for our very day that some of us were apthese elders name my was enrolled several places of destination. The 2"!853"usually in the daily entry of the recordedwith Elders E. Luddington, hereafter. omitted has been C. northern being practical route not at diary

West, and B. F. Dewey, to take a this season of year. All things being Church,*This hasthe alsoIndianbeenMissiancalled,andin thethe Hindustanwritings ofMisthe

in sion. Roberts,mission to the o[ History in Asia. Siam A Comprehensive ready, bid farewell relatives to we Jesus Christ Church Saints, of volume of Latterday sixteenth the of i, 1852, October, 72, these On records page missionaries as Elders for friends years. and a few Nathaniel Robert Jones, Skelton, V. A. SamuelElders Luddington, Elam Chancey Woolley, William Fotheringham, Richard Ballantyne,

iThis Levi boy was Mathers Savage and his mother Leonard, Truman Milton Musser, Robert Amos Owen, F. West, Benjamin Dewey,W. and was Jane Savage. Mathers F. William and Carter.

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM THE DIARY OF czLei/i Sauaaey stp. ar Cast

pointed to our missions in G. S. L. sembled the smallpox, but none Sunday, February 20: Our brethCity. supposed that really to be the case. ren informed us that they considered

San Francisco—January 28: Bro. Ballantyne had been exposed it safe for us to have our liberty.

About 2 o'clock p.m. the Siam and while in San Francisco also by stopWe washed ourselves and threw

Calcutta mission [s] went on board ping with his sister who was just away the clothing that we had worn of the Monsoon bound for Calcutrecovering from that disease but during our illness and were glad to ta*... did not suppose it was contagious have our liberty and enjoy the sofrom her at that advanced stage. ciety of our brethren again. We also

RAonday, January 31: This mornFortunate for us that the disease returned our thanks to God our

ing we were sailing with fair did not make its appearance sooner. Heavenly Father, for his bringing

and gentle breeze. Soon after I For had that been the case we us safe through and for so miracuarose from my bed this morning I should have been obliged to have lously preserving all on board from

perceived that I was quite ill. I reremained on shore at a great exthat contagious disease, for none

mained so all day, not being able to pense. Bro. Ballantyne and I were have taken it....

take much food. I supposed it to be confined to our room which was not [Thursday, March 3]:... Broththe effects of seasickness, but the in the cabin but opened out upon the er Jones proposed that a president

next morning (February 1st) my main deck. We had endeavored to be appointed for the Calcutta Mission, and he was immediately nominated and sustained as president of

the mission.

Brother Chancey W. West then

said that he thought the Siam Mission also might as well appoint their president now as at any future time.

... This I believe all belonging to

the mission agreed in; but the man

to fill the position was now the subject to decide. Apparently no one

was willing to, or at least was ready to make the nomination.... After

a while Bro. Dewey broke the spell

and nominated Bro. C. W. West to

be the president of the Siam Mission. Bro. Luddington seconded the

motion, and I thirded the nomination which made it unanimous as there are only four in the Siam Mission. After Bro. C. W. West was

made president, agreeable to his request, Brothers Luddington, Dewey, and myself lay our hands upon his head and set him apart and blessed him as our president....

sickness presented itself in its true obtain a room in the cabin but failed Cunday, March 20: About 8

with—nearly—onecolors, for my facesolidwasblotch.coveredIt inenougheveryroomsattempt.in theTherecabinwerefor notall Singaporeo'clock andwe enteredpassed thethe lighthouseStraits of

was clearly perceived to be the and two were obliged to take this at 1 1 o'clock a.m. At 6 o'clock p.m.

smallpox. Bro. Ballantyne was also room. It fell to Bro. Ballantyne and passed Singapore, about 15 miles

taken with the same disease about myself. We can now see the hand distant.... Sometime previous to

the same time that I was. We had of the Lord in it because we are as this Bro. Chancey W. West, the

been exposed while in San Franmuch secluded from the rest of the president of the Siam Mission said cisco; but I was not aware of it, unship as we can well be under the that he did not know but it might

til I found the disease raging upon circumstances.... The disease was be best for the Siam Mission to dismy system. This brought to mind comparatively light with both of us, embark at Singapore and then rethe circumstances of my having adthough much more severe with me embark on some vessel bound up the

ministered to a child of one of the than with Bro, Ballantyne.... We Gulf of Siam to Bankok, the capital

brethren in San Francisco. She had both recovered without much (if of Siam. But there was little said

some blotches on her at the time, any) impressions being made upon upon the subject as far as I know and someone remarked that it reour skin.... (Continued on page 652)

OCTOBER 1948 631 in! wife than but most men, even more"H/fAILS "cry sent dashing to could imagine making who Andrew

office in post *""VI theThat trip everyone to the expensive back East "Mail's the frontier village of Springfield, court a girl? Yet apparently he had

Illinois (later to be Abraham Linrelatives somewhere, for in each coln's home town ). When the rider mailbag he got a letter.galloped up to Elijah lies* General In!"John Williams was right. Today

Store, also the post office, nearly the same scene was acted out.

everybody in town was eagerly "A letter!"Andrew cried wistwaiting. &Y fully. "Let me just look at it."

First, in 1821. Mail precious was

finalover, turned it over and He jrrancei growler J4llenit long, a river slow journey made by ly with a it back handed sigh which boat. carried hunone it was Then came from the bottom of his hobdred miles on horseback through

nailed boots.roadless prairie. A letter from "back

East"cost the receiver as much as "I would love to read it, but siller twentyfive cents. Some people (silver) is too hard to get to be

brought money with them; others spent on a feckless (useless) letLater, Clerk John Williamsluggedcharge—chickens,goods to tradehomespunfor the postalcloth, ter."

honey, beeswax. hunted up Elijah lies, back among

Today, after the letters were the casks of molasses. "Mr. lies,

sorted, Clerk John Williams climbed I've been working on an idea. You

up on the counter, looked over the know how Andrew Craven acts pushing crowd. His eyes narrowed about his letters?"

as he saw the man he expected. In Elijah lies laughed. "What can

John's hand was another letter for we do if the man has no curiosity?

Andrew Craven. Would the usual His relatives may die off one by one

scene be acted out? Well, he'd hold and leave him a fortune, he'd never

Andrew's letter until the last, meanknow it! Pennywise, poundfool-

while watching him closely. ish!"

"Eliza Hawkes!"John called. "But I think Andrew does have a

The crowd made way for a shawled way of knowing if there's anything woman, holding two squawking important in his letters."

chickens by their legs. "Nonsense! Can he see through

"It's from Ma!"quavered Eliza,—Illustrated by Alvin L. Gittina the folds?"looking reHampshire at the New doesn't at the have to. Look "He

untied a quarter Andrewturn address. must be well "Ma

it threw at John. chief and of the letter refused from his big red handkerback Andrew

enough to write again! I haven't to pay for today."

any money, John. Here's two hens

'Hmm!"and a pound of beeswax."Eliza length of homespun for a letter from

... thosescurried off to read her precious letCousin Bella in Philadelphia. It was "See those little dots

ter behind the cracker barrel. worth it to know scoopshaped bonflourishes after the address?"

"Thomas Kelly,"said John Wilnets were in fashion! She'd ask "Well! Written by someone who

liams, holding high a dainty pink Mr. lies to bring back a scoop bonliked to practise penmanship, no

letter about as big as a ladyfinger, net from his next buying trip to St. doubt."

folded and fastened with perfumed Louis. "Instead, might it be some sort of

sealingwax. code?"

"Must be from your girl back in At last, "Andrew Craven!"called Mr. lies whistled thoughtfully. "I

Carolina. Maybe she finally set the John Williams. believe you're right, John. These

wedding day,"guffawed a byThe neighbors drew away. Anmarks must tell Andrew everystander. "When'll we have the drew was illliked and stingy. He thing's all right back home, so he

charivari, Tom?"never lent a neighbor a tool, never needn't pay for a letter to tell him

Blushing and grinning, the big parted with money if he could help so. When he does sometimes accept

letter, pushedyoung forward farmer was a the tell him, 'Real it. code must that True, time he'd there was "cost pink letterby his friends. this The in one!'news thistles the Russian of raked out Jed

a quarter, which Thomas eagerly Perkins'hayfield when Jed was "Then Andrew pays,"agreed pulled from his blue jeans. Before down with the ague. When thanked, John, "and how it hurts!"

he dared break the seal, he shoved however, Andrew had only grunted Elijah lies spoke with decision.

his way outside the store. "Just let that "Russian thistles was a weed 'Next mail, Andrew is not to take

us know, and we'll give you a fine he didn't want started in his clover his letter in his hand unless he pays houseraisin', son!"the shouts folhay."first. It's not fair to the others, the

lowed him. Andrew had no wife. No woman hardworking folk who pay honest

"Clementine Berry!"in her senses would marry such a goods or money to get their letters.

Prettv Clementine traded a closefisted man. A settler needs a We'll fix this!"

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IM'ext mail call, "Andrew Craven!"

called John Williams. Shaking

his head mournfully, Andrew reached for his letter. "Sorry!"

John Williams, a tall, wiry youth, held the letter out of reach. "We

can't hand over the letter until you pay. Twentyfive cents, or trading

goods of the same value."

"Siller's scarce!"Andrew groaned.

"Can't I just hold it a minute? I

can't afford to take it."

"Sorry,"said John. "Orders."

The farmers guffawed at Andrew's thundercloud face. He untied a quarter from his big red handkerchief, threw it at John. He

snatched his letter, broke the seal without bothering to study the outside. Stretching their necks, the

farmers saw something peculiar about Andrew's letter. It looked

like a sheet of blank paper!

Every mail brought new troubles for Andrew. Time after time he had

to part with money to get his regular letters from the East.

Gradually the neighbors agreed that regular spending was doing something for Andrew. He was,

they agreed, getting a "mite more openhanded."

"He swapped me the use of his white ox and a halfday's work last week,"farmer Berry told the neighbors in lies'Store. "Offered it, mind

you! Andrew is getting right neighborly."

"He come to my houseraisin',"offered Thomas Kelly. "Stayed to

supper afterward, too. Put away a

big meal!""Ain't you got Andrew figured out yet?"Jed Perkins, recovered

from his ague, looked up from his favorite corner by the store's potbellied stove. "Andrew's free with

[Concluded on page 650)

fr *

CHURCH NEWS IN PICTURES

Branch, Canaof Toronto members of the 7. Some

Gold and in the participated who Mission,dian

Green Ball; left to right, President A. Zuber, Ruth

Zuber, Eva Connie, and Mr. A. Connie.

2. Mission Quintette who presented numbers at

the Gold and Green Ball held in Toronto Branch,

Canadian Mission.

3. Junior Girls and their mothers, of Hanna Ward,

Duchesne Stake, at the Junior Rose Festival. This

group is from the smallest ward in the stake.

From left to right, front row: Mrs. Nettie Defa,

Mrs. Cassie Reid, Mrs. Myrtle Rhoades, Mrs. Delsa

Michie, Mrs. Florence Roberts.

Back row: Lena Defa, Joy Defa, Georgia Reid,

Darlene Rhoades, Cay Michie, NaDean Roberts. 4. "Pay Dirt"—a western comedy presented by

the Eleventh Ward, West Utah Stake, which was well accepted by the members of the stake. Submitted by Itha Hollerman.

5. Provo First Ward, Provo Stake, Gleaner Girls

bind their sheaf for the first time, in a candlelight ceremony. Twentythree girls were presented with

an individual sheaf and a corsage, under the direction of Pauline Rasmussen, Gleaner leader, and Elva

Pugh, Y.W.M.I.A. president.

OCTOBER 1948 633 Mulek was taken from his barren room, the only home he had had for a long time, and presented before the bar of justice.

caution was needless, effort and interest of little point, for this was one of the shortest cases on record.

The judge asked Mulek many questions in a voice that was low but full of feeling. The prisoner answered truthfully to the best of his

knowledge all that was required of him. Then the charge was read, the

charge of treason, an attempt to overthrow the government of the country. "Are you guilty or innocent of the acts enumerated in the accusation?"

Without the slightest hesitation, his fine brow unclouded, his eyes direct, Mulek answered, "I am guilty. I say it to my shame."

"Have you any reason to question any point in the matter or to contest any of the allegations herein set forth?"

"Nay,"he answered in a firm voice; "I am guilty of each separate

charge as specified. I have sinned

grievously against both God and my country and deserve to be punished according to the law, which I consider just."

At that point one of the members of the tribunal motioned to the judge, and together they conferred for a moment.

"We wish to point out,"the judge observed soberly, "that we do for into question here bring you notMULEK otlahaiwnla. violation of the of God, laws your

By J. N. WASHBURN but for breaking the statutes of our

land."Chapter X Conclusion tall sons had fallen in the field of Mulek smiled. "I fully understand

honorable battle. the point and thank you for your

of the courtesy. I fear judgmentThenervewarbecamedraggedraw on,fromandsacrifice,every EverythingThe tribunalsthat couldwerebe urgedimpartial.in a that can be than any God far more

danger, and anxiety. Transman's favor, together with that passed upon me."

portation was slow; communication, brought to condemn him, was heard "You desire, then, to present weighed. and nonexistent; and for weeks,almost

turn came along with the nothing in mitigation of your ofMulek's would months, familiesand even receive no word from loved ones in others. He was taken from his barfense?"

is there to be said? I havedangerous places. ren room, the only home he had had "What

Then came a development which for a long time, and presented beacted in full knowledge of the laws replaced the war as a topic of disfore the bar of justice. He was perand of the consequences of my concussion, as a cause of worry, as a fectly calm as he faced the tribunal. duct. Is envy of the chief captain

source of heartache. The trials of Pahoran, the chief judge, had left to be urged in my defense? Is anger

the kingmen began in deadly the city, refusing to have anything an excuse? Shall I ask leniency beearnest. Many a home was desoto do with the case lest it be said cause I desired to overthrow the

lated; many a heart was broken. that the prisoner's wealth and promgovernment of the judges? Nay,

Justice struck where it was necesinence had influenced him favorably there is nothing to be said."

sary; tragedy, where it would. or adversely. He had appointed a The lawyers and judges were

Many were the stricken mothers and competent judge to hear the matter disturbed; they were not accustomed

fathers who wished sorrowfully, or and excellent men of law to accuse to such defense. At length they conthanked God devoutly, that their and to defend him. So much preferred and then pronounced judg634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ment. Mulek was sentenced to "And so it is on the other hand. be sacrifice, not safety. He was

death. If he hath repented of his sins, and ashamed of himself.

After a moment of tense and desired righteousness until the end The guard was speaking, but freighted silence Mulek turned to of his days, even so he shall be reMulek had not heard a word; he

his judge and, to the amazement of warded unto righteousness."had seen the movement of lips.

the whole court, thanked him. When the light became too dim "What is it you say?"he asked,

The other men would have liked for further reading, Mulek replaced pulling himself together with a to say more, to protest their regret, the record on the stool and sat down profound sigh.

to offer sympathy and understandon the edge of his bed. He was "There is a woman who wishes to

ing, but Mulek's calm selfposses- again aware of his surroundings. see you."

sion discouraged them. In the end He believed what he had read with For an instant again Mulek lost

they gave up trying, and the prison- a fervency and faith of which he himself. A womanl It was Zorah,

er was led back to his cheerless was soon to give ample proof. the thought of whom he had long

cell. He went to the window, to his since resolutely put behind him.

accustomed place and looked out, f)NE evening, a few days later, "Is she alone?"

hour upon hour. Outwardly he was the guard Amnigaddah tapped "Nay. There is a man with her,

cool as a rock. Within he was like respectfully on the door of Mulek's but she desires to enter alone, with

a tempest. He was not in the least cell. The prisoner, quite lost in your permission."

aware of his surroundings. He did thought, at first did not notice. A His momentary hesitation and

not think; he could only feel; and louder and more impatient knockconfusion passed,

all his feelings ran together to one ing, however, soon brought him to "Be so kind as to show her in."

central place which was like a his feet. Amnigaddah bowed and went

furnace. out to return in a few seconds with

"Come in,"he called. the woman, heavily veiled, straight

There was very little light left The door opened, and the jailer as a sapling, her movements rhythmwhen Mulek roused himself entered. He stepped forward, and ical as water. She raised her veil,

from his total absorption. As he Mulek noticed that he did not lock disclosing a face in which the eyes

turned away from the window the door behind him. He came were alive.

where he had been so long, he quite close. "I am honored and happy to see

brushed his leg against the ScripSuddenly, and for the first time you, Zorah,"the young man said ture and knocked it to the floor. He since the beginning of his confinewithout strangeness, restraint, or

stooped and picked it up, almost ment, Mulek experienced a strong embarrassment. "Won't you be

tenderly, for it represented now his urge to escape, like a compelling seated?"

only bond with reality. His eyes physical need. It seemed like an "Thank you, Mulek."Her voice

fell upon the words, words he had insistent call to action. He tingled was low and tremulous with feeling.

read many times but which seemed in every nerve, and his heart began For a moment he could not speak.

now to hold him. to race. "You are very pale,"he said.

"And it is requisite with the jusCould he do it? He believed he She smiled the faintest of smiles,

tice of God that men should be could. In equal combat he would "I have been ill. I have been again

equal the with chance stand an to their according works;judged in city of the with Zarahemla my for In a younger. he was in this other, if their works were goodand It uncle. that I there fell prey was

surprise easily attack he shouldlife, their the of desires hearts and to strange bet- a malady. But I am

It Amnigaddah. would also, that at overcome should they good,were ter you? Tell now. about And me

his fight to thing then simple be a thatthe last day, restored be unto yourself,"which is good. way out into the darkness.

"And if their works are evil, they Fight? A7[ulek walked about slowly, his

shall be restored unto them for evil. He turned suddenly crimson at hands clasped. He was not

Therefore, all things shall be rethe thought. Was he, Mulek, going floundering for words, for he had

stored to their proper order, every to sell himself now like a slave? Did nothing to hide. It was only that hething to its natural frame—mortality his newfound gifts of soul, heart was living again, and all at once,

raisedincorruption—raisedto immortality,tocorruptionendless hapto Whatand mind,price shouldthen, hemeanpay forso physilittle? Moods,many momentsfeelings, ofandhisimpressionsold life.

piness to inherit the kingdom of cal freedom? What price was it tumbled over each other in their

God, or to endless misery to inherit worth? haste to find expression.

the kingdom of the devil, the one on He had always hated haste as un- "I have thought of you often and the one hand, the other on the dignified. He had always looked been the richer for your memory. I

other upon flight as cowardly. Was he am glad to know you have been ill,

"The one raised to happiness acnow less a man than he had formerfor it explains why you have not cording to his desires of happiness, ly been? What good, then, was all been here before, and I know that I

or good according to his desires of his recent achievement of spiritual was not mistaken in you. It is sweet

good; and the other to evil accordstrength and moral assurance? Was consolation."He was silent for a

ing to his desires of evil; for as he his peace of mind so small a thing? moment. "You have heard of my

has desired to do evil all the day It was for a moment only that he trial and judgment."It was not a

long even so shall he have his regave place to the temptation to question, ward of evil when the night cometh. strike the guard and flee. It would (Concluded on page 636)

OCTOBER 1948 635 MUIEK OF ZARAHEMLA (Concluded from page 635) The grass in the temple grounds pleasure had ever given him half the "That is why I have come. There seemed to be greener than he had sheer bliss of this new prospect. He

is, of course, nothing to be done?"ever seen it before, a restful, pleaswas becoming consumed with a vast

"Nothing. Nor would I ask it."ant green. The fountains that eagerness to begin the new life.

"You are much changed."sprayed their goodness like dewThen it came to him that there could

"For which I thank God. I would drops upon the flowers, enriching be no better time for him to say

not give one moment of my present now this bed of color, now that, with farewell to all he had known. He

hope for all my former prospects. the changes of the breeze, must have had found peace. Peace, he had

This is a peace which passes all a touch of magic in them. Mulek learned, was a thing of the spirit,

comprehension."felt he could have looked forever quite without relation to outward

"You have no fears?"and never have enough. circumstances. A man, quite weap-

"None. There is only joy, and Yet, as he watched the shadows onless on a summer day, could be

regret that it should have come to from the west on that day, he knew at war even though alone in a desert me so tardily. I have found a life, he was looking upon all those obwaste. Another, in the midst of conrich and imponderable, compared jects for the last time, and he found flict, could know the perfect

with which my former existence was them far more glorious than he had ecstasy of tranquility. It was not a

but as a shadow of a dream's ever seen them before. question of where or when but of

image."He had lifted his eyes, and He was surprised that he was not the state of the soul.

there was in them a brightness that sad, glad that he was thoughtful But he rejoiced in more than that.

was like stars. Zorah looked at him and at peace. He had been speculatHis people, too, would soon be at

in fascination, her own eyes riveted ing for days upon the possible narest, for the reports from the fronts on his rapt countenance. ture of that land to which he was were encouraging. The war that had

She rose, somewhat unsteadily. going. for so long ravaged the land would

"I am glad I came,"she declared soon come to an end in the utter dethere, there grass be and Would "I softly. fearful for have it all been feat of the ravager. from And

trees, birds, singing and and I flowers, but transported.you, its the nation for now learned I am had much

It if insects? strange there be would to give as comfort such eternalcame you as good, learned had Mulek

if far were, strange there and more in I leave, his a power, struggle. of time from andwas much my own

not. were stronger person for having seen None would rejoice more than he you."Then his restless mind went elseto know that the land would once

Mulek walked with her to the where, still pursuing. Would there more be safe. Though he would

door and knocked for the guard. be people there also? Of course have no part in the victory, and had

She looked up at him at departure, there would, yet strangely, he had contributed nothing to it, he was her eyes lingering long upon him. never thought about this objectively. uplifted in contemplation of the uni-

"Goodbye, Mulek,"she said An idea came to him as a vagrant versal hope. Though he would not

simply. "May God give me one day thought that returned to hold him participate in the celebrations that

such strength as yours."enthralled, fascinated, completely would signalize the end of hostiliit. Might he ties, he enjoyed in his spirit the "Goodbye, Zorah."lost in the wonder of

She went out with that, and the not see Alma and Mosiah, Nephi, prospect of them. Though countless

big door closed behind her. Isaiah, David, perhaps? Would his hearts would require the healing balm

Mulek closed the record and sat father and mother be there waiting of time to make them whole, though it? Who unnumbered fathers and mothersdown, his head still bowed, his eyes for him? Who was to deny

open but unseeing. For hours he was to reject the whole pattern, the would look with tearfilled eyes

had been reading, feeding his soul essence of the word of God? For upon the empty places at their fireon the blessed words of promise upon this immortality, this continusides, though thousands of homes

that had brought him out of hopeing to live, the entire structure of that had known the pain of parting lessness. religion was founded. There could would not know the thrill of reHe was tired, tired in body and be no slightest doubt about it; he union, the land would be at rest.

mind. The day had not been an would be with those who had lived Mulek stirred. The shadows had

easy one. He had, of course, known and gone on to richer living. become long, slanting far toward the

there would come a time that would Suddenly he begrudged the hours east. He went once more to the

test his strength and courage, and that still must pass. No earthly window, to that friend who had

he had tried to prepare for it. This been his only confidant throughout

was that time. his long imprisonment, and looked

HAVEN again at the world and at the city.

Tn recent days when he was not This was his city; these were his

reading, he had spent the time By Gay Winquist people. He wished them happiness.

looking out of the window upon the A S one sucked back in rapture's underLong he remained there, and world he loved, at the city he had ** tow when at last he turned away, darkloved and dishonored. It was wonLets space;.go his hold and drifts in dreamless ness had fallen, and he had in his

derful how lovely shadows could be, Caught in the ebb tide of emotion's flow, heart bidden a silent farewell to the how they met and merged, how they With mind washed clean of thoughts that world. He waited with exultation

embraced each other as it were, how I comereeltoandyourace;for quiet—-after din; the coming of morning.

cool, how friendly they could be. You shut the clamor out—the stillness in. (The End)

636 the improvement era a

uiori FROM||fr TEMPLE SQUARE By RICHARD L EVANS

must have time for their own to criticize them ourselves. Blind as

tKemewibef tk inner thoughts, time for communing we may be to the faults of those we >> with their Maker, time for contemlove, we are not completely blind.

S>aooatk Ua t plation of the meaning of life and And when we are honest with ourall that makes up the universe. And selves, we are not completely blind

\\7hen the Lord God gave the Ten he who fails to take time for rest even to our own faults. And since

Commandments to Moses, and refreshment and contemplation we know that neither we nor our "Remember the sabbath day, to is inviting physical and mental and own children have yet reached per- 1 keep it holy"was considered of sufspiritual stagnation. Surely these fection, we would scarcely be justificient importance to be numbered things belong to the Sabbath day: fied in expecting perfection in others.

as the ten. one among And surely of worship, justified in exThe spirit scarcely be would the spirit of We

is includedwhatever among the rest, the spirit of quiet refreshment. things others pecting always to do

commandments should not be looked And even if a commandment had just as they should be done, any lightly: shalt haveupon "Thou it still given, no never been would ourselves can expect than be more we

..other me. gods before. Thou all facts other the apparent from just things as they always to do

thee graven untoshalt not any make is essential that to the Sabbath It be done. the should be would hardly

.. the shalt take notimage.. Thou greatest man. Lord good of The fair to others from ask what we

in vain. of the thy Lordname God it,""blessed it and hallowed God ourselves are not able to give—father thy thy mothand... Honour set the Sabbath and aside. The perfect performance. Sometimes

..er... shalt not kill... Thou Thou is still fourth before commandment even when we think we have turned

... adultery.shalt not commit Thou us: the sabbath day, "Remember to in nearperfect performance, a weshalt not covet"1—these are basic keep it holy."later find that others don't think

principles of inestimable importance.

among themAnd numbered is the xSee Exodus, chapter 20.—August 1, 1948. so.done Oftenthe rightwhenthingwe thinkin thewe righthave

one concerning the Sabbath. But way, we later find that we have

why be concerned about the Sabgiven others cause for offense, withbath? To some it is enough that the rwiperrectiions m \-Jther> out knowing it. And likewise thoseLord God has so said. However, who offend us may be sincerely unthere them,for those who want so. of so having done are J-eopie aware And

is a wellreasons:other There

that not should it would seem we known law called the law of diminTt sometimes seems that we are inbe less willing to make allowances ishing returns, which, for our presclined to expect much more of for the faults of other men and that simplyent purpose, means the other than people of expect we ourother children are men's than we effort beof or energyexpenditure selves, less allowand that make we still for our before own. There is

yond a certain point does not conance for imperfections in other us on this subject the Lord's own tinue to yield increasing or even people than we do for our own imperutterance: "...forgive us our debts,

is fatigue results. Continuedequal is fections. ours, disare we What if forgive as debtors our we... efdecreasing of forerunnerthe to posed our own forgive their trespasses, not defend—even ye men

failure, of oftenfectiveness, of and faults. feel to sometimes seem We will neither your forgive Father

ill physipurely health. from a 1 And faults our about as somewhat we trespasses."your race human The relentofcal point a view man who feel children. about our may is We it race perfection. of a not But

all the himselflessly drives around all against outside defend them it the before has possipromise and fail find physical will the toweek criticism, reserve right yet the and bility of everlasting improvement to that those belongsrefreshment who "remember the sabbath day, of eternal progress. And we must

to keep it holy."But man is not o not become sour or cynical merely

the flesh only, but also of the min because we find imperfections in people.—August 8, 1948.and of the spirit—both of which other

must be fed and refreshed. Men 1Matthew 6:12, 15 Copyright, 1948

{Continued on page 638)

EARD FROM THE "CROSSROADS OF THE WEST"WITH THE SALT LAKE TABERNACLE ChOIR AND ORGAN OVER A NATION-H wide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system every sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

OCTOBER 1948 637 THE SPOKEN WORD {Continued from page 637) ignore the laws of economics with What is more inefficient than having immunity. But it is wishful thinkhalf the people police the other half?

that impractical than the not to suppose we shall What is more Wishful Uklnkma ing destruction the Regrettably reap the rewards of war? or pay somehow

'"There is a prevalent practice from the penalties of our own doing. It principles and the ideals of the

isn't so much a question of what we Prince of Peace do not at present few which men is a question to believe as it prevail men. one imwant But among day

that thinkmune, and is—arewishfulwholly It believe. to greater hapthey will. what of what we have Anding. thinking as defined Wishful

of a question isn't so could imagthe mind what much we piness of manfor our present purpose is the pracis like true, as it a questo be a place of such would ine than beauty as tice like of deciding what we would is is tion of true. in this earth, in provipeace what and A truthto believe, might be what we hope

all to face than often a falseharder respecting the people with dence,true, and then settling down and hood because you can manipulate privileges, the property, and thecomplacently supposing that what falsehood; but you can't manipulate persons of aH other people?

would serve our comfort or contruth, and all the wishful thinking—August 22, 1948.

venience is true. Choosing to bein the world won't change it. Truth

lieve that what we would like to beis an exacting taskmaster. But

facts,lieve of the regardless makes it is a rich of those rewarder who oLet (L.i>t/er< an to all the meet harderfinal shocks >7 J)in% respect its metes There and bounds.

and reality all the more difficult may be a thousand ways of doing exfor time, face. ato There was thing only a one and wrong way—to bewantedample, men when

it right. a of has doing succeeded There be someone 'HEN may

flat, that so thelieve that world was to million prob- a answers in wrong or else place some someone w their to adjust wouldn't havethey right one. it only one lem and position, people sometimes make—thinking. of But waysaccustomed

is in there arriving point difficult But what expecting unreasonably by reality truth andthe and world if, for answer. at a wrong Even just his as predecessor to him do

them. men on without Manymoved comfort the our moment, it serves done. a has measure may in We rules those think thatwishfully

lost it only convenience, or means the of functions perform someone their health or pertain towhich time and the ultimate facing of else. We may take over an office their to improvetheir happiness,

had. else has We may

the tenurement or their eternal progress, may factsfiguresanyway.and the lawsWhereof lifefactsare conand thatacquiresomeonethe titles or and

be ignored, and that by some good cerned, wishful thinking is a luxury sit in the chair that someone else kind orfortune by some Providence we can't afford. has occupied. We may win the afaccountable not be heldthey will

fection of people have lost who "Revised facts. for Sometheir disregardfor Copyright. love. they But literally no can think—August1942 15. 1948. someone alsotimes we we may man ever completely takes the place

of anyone else, nor must we expect

JfJtlWenWe needalarms,of somebank exceptvaults forandwhomburglarwe weanyoneshouldto. makeIt iscomparisonsquite naturalamongthat

could dispense with police and people. But sometimes we may

Aronorable prisons, some except for whom we want to make others over unreasoncould do away with armies and ably, as we find ourselves wishing it is interesting to that one person were more like anIT IS sometimes said that the world armaments. And

would be a peaceful place except contemplate how heavenly it could other person in some things, and less for the confusion caused by humanbe on earth if all men were honorlike him in others. Sometimes even

kind. To a great degree this is no able, if all men were even reasonwith our own children we wonder

doubt true. While there is still ably honest. Indeed, it might well why one is so different from anviolence in nature, we have learned be difficult for our minds to imagine other. And we may expect the secto control much that is essential to any greater happiness than there, ond son to follow the pace of the

our comfort and convenience, and could be on this earth with all its first son. But it is unfair to expect

for us the earth is a relatively peacebeauty, with all its providence, with anyone to be anything but himself.

ful and provident place except all its possibilities, if all men would We may fairly expect people to imwhere man meets man in misunderrespect each other as they themprove. We may fairly expect them

standing and in unbecoming conselves would like to be respected. to perform earnestly and honestly.

duct. Our most pressing problems Of course there are those who say We may fairly expect them to be

are concerned with the appetites, the that this old and golden rule won't teachable and to consider good personalities, and the perversities of work. And people who advocate it counsel and to accept sound prinmen. All through life it would seem are sometimes said to be impracticiples. But it is unfair to expect

there are some whom we fear, some cal people. But speaking of being anyone else to live exactly as we

against whom we feel we have to impractical—what is more impracwould live or to approach all his

protect ourselves. There are some tical than millions of men using locks problems just as we would approach

men except for whom we could and alarms to keep millions of other them. Men are very much themleave the locks off our doors, some men from doing what simple honselves. Different people are equipped

except for whom there would be no esty would keep them from doing? {Concluded on page 656)

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA features is the of mendable the book it creates. ON THE BOOKRACK picture family life of which

THE MORMON PIONEERS yet inclusive style which has made It is good to know that the Skinners (E. Cecil McGavin. Stevens and her so popular a travel writer. She had so great a devotion for one anWallis, Salt Lake City, Utah. has taken time to study her material other and that though the mother was

1947. 236 pages. $2.50.) and to present it clearly and correctly, so talented an actress, she was deter-

"Prom Nauvoo to Salt Lake City might thus exploding some of the myths that mined to make a home for her daughwell be the title of this very inhave grown up about this vital island. ter and husband that she gave up the

formative and interesting book, for it Yet with all this care she presents the stage.

confines itself, except for a chapter material sympathetically so that the Into the pages of this book walk the each on the Mormon Battalion and the reader closes the book with relucgreat and neargreat of the day when good ship Brooklyn, to that memorable tance, hoping that some day he may theater extended across these United first journey, which will be told and reexperience for himself what the author States instead of being largely locked told in the waiting years. Here it is has made him envision. up on Broadway. The names of the

told in detail, not as a dayby-day In the world of narrowing horizons, plays and the names of the actors are diary; but the larger story of the trek, we must know all areas of the world. interchangeably connected. The rare

in the souls of men and women, is unIceland, which became an important good fun that lies in the book is folded. Therefore, there is wealth of base in World War II, deserves to reminiscent of Our Hearts Werequotation in prose and rhyme, much of be well known.—M. C. J. Young and Gay and We Took Our

it unknown to the ordinary student of "MISS U"Hearts to Hollywood which the author

Church history. The book is beautifully (Margaret Utinsky. The Naylor Comwrote with Emily Kimbrough. The

printed and bound. It should find a pany, San Antonio, Texas. 1948. 172 book is good tonic for all of us in

place in the centennial library of the pages. $3.00.) these days when movies seem to be

accepted form o most commonlyLatterday tragic of the the story A. W. '"Phis dramatic and Saints.—/. amusement. M, C. J,

life nursing of a whose woman }. FLAKEWILLIAM

(Osmer D. Flake. Phoenix, Arizona. ability made her invaluable in the days THE MAN IN THE STREET

1948. 181 pages.) of the guerilla warfare in the Philip- (Thomas A. Bailey. Macmillan CompROM books such as these about peopines creates a particularly vivid war pany, New York. 1948.

ple whose stories might be lost picture. A quotation from Shakespeare 334 pages. $5.00.)

except for the diligence of families sets the stage: "But I tell you, my lord '"Phe subtitle of this book indicates

to preserve them, the great literature fool, out of this nettle, danger, we the import of the work: "The imof our people will one day be written. pluck this flower, safety."This book pact of American public opinion on

Both the heartwarming and the heartreveals the unadulterated tragedy and foreign policy."The author by illustrabreaking incidents are the very fabric waste of war. The book is gripping in tion and fact tells how ignorant and

of great literature in the raw. This its intensity and is a must book for all yet how powerful in his ignorance is

book has high moments that all will who may have thought that war was the ordinary man whose opinion actube interested in reading in order to largely a matter of inconveniences and ally shapes foreign policy even whilelearn first hand of the pioneering in shortages.—M. C. J. he is apathetic to foreign affairs. The

author divides the into book twentythe West.—M. C. /. NO HIGHWAY seven chapters and has a complete

(Nevil Shute. and William Morrow PHYSICAL OF bibliography forTHE further GROWTH reading. The

1948. York. Company, NewSCIENCE to book is indexed it even make more

pages. $3.00.) 346 Jeans. Macmillan The (Sir James valuable. All read the will who book

fits '"Phis into the novel unusual 1948. 364 York.Company, New that scidiscover there is great in value

pages. $4.00.) entific development of the day, but finding how much influence they exert,

All of us owe a tremendous debt to in addition it unfolds an unusual story and in trying to improve themselves so the development of physical which is of intense interest. Taking its that they exert a constantly better intitle of from one John Masefield's therefore, all ofscience; it behooves C. /.

basically the story, that of fluence.—M. poems, it somethingus to learn about how SOMETHING LIVE TO BY fission, in the of nuclear unfolds world this In fascinatingdeveloped. book ( Collected and Annotated by Dorothea It is little aviation. of the big story a scientist, of that the history a notedby

S. Kopplin. Garden City Publishing the of by who, name Honey man its is traced from dimdevelopment

Inc., Co., City, Garden York. New enough, a highway made it inpast, to strangely alchemy, as rooted was 197 pages. $1.00.) existed. highway"where "no While it is thethe changing present when

thinking of the inhabitants of the some of the activities cannot be wholly T'wenty years ago the author was world. This is not an easy book to accepted by Latterday Saints, the fact told that she could not live to rear

read, nor one to be digested in large that a little man can amount to someher children and decided to compile a sections, but it is one that will more thing is of great import to many who book that would substitute for her in than repay for the time and study may have felt that there were in this their lives. Fortunately, her life was

spared. logically The is divided book of precision today not even litspent on it.—M. C. J. world

into subjects vital of interest tle niches. M. C. J.ICELAND NEW WORLD portance to old and young, asandsomeimOUTPOST FAMILY CIRCLE of the chapter titles will indicate:

(Agnes Rothery. The Viking Press, (Cornelia Otis Skinner. Houghton What is Happiness? Definite Laws

New York. 1948. 214 pages. $3.75.) Mifflin Company, Boston. 1948. Control Friendship, The Value of

HPhe concluding sentence of the book 310 pages. $3.50.) Time, The Meaning of God, Brotherseems a fitting place to start this Telightfully refreshing is this autohood.

review: "Iceland discovered Amerbiography of one of the talented Many of the forgotten bits of

cia in the year 1000. It has taken women of our day. Theater distinctphilosophy have been gathered into

America almost a thousand years ly marks its pages, and nostalgia for one book and will prove of great more to discover Iceland."The author the good old days of the "live"stage value in helping point to better lives.

presents Iceland in the incisive and will be aroused. One of the most com-—M. C. J.

OCTOBER 1948 639 The Garnering Season to us: "Judge nt> that ye be not judged."(Matt.

7:1.) And in our day he has spoken even more

Autumn has become the traditional season for strongly: "I, the Lord, will forgive whom I will

the harvesting of crops against the winter's forgive, but of you it is required to forgive all need. Farmers busy themselves gathering fruits men."(D. & C. 64:10.) This matter of forgiving

and vegetables. Housewives can and preserve is something that needs tendance in young and

fruits that they may better care for their families old. If we nourish it, we shall be the ones who

when the period of unproductivity of the soil argain, for through our forgiveness we learn to unrives. derstand life better; we learn to understand the

The physical well being of loved ones that these Christ better. Was he not willing to forgive the

endeavors assure is a truly important factor in sin that had brought death into the world, and life. For this reason the infancy of the human race forgiving it, was he not willing to give his life that

is prolonged—that young folk may be cared for all mankind might be saved? Thus to the flower

properly. But it is not only the physical side of of forgiveness must be added the fruit of service.

the child that needs tendance. The heart and Too frequently selfishness is unwittingly fixed

spirit of youth need even greater care than does in the minds of young people by parents who, his physical body. And for this garnering there is eager to prove that they love their children, imnoment—andtime andthereno season.is a yearroundIt is a yearroundharvest, also,assignfor presstheir ownuponparentsthem howweremuchin theirbetteryouth.off theyThearewrongthan

children, whether we like it or not, of the fruits emphasis is placed on what is obtained instead of of our teaching, both formal and informal. the joy of the work. Idleness is more than the

All too frequently, parents impress young folk devil's workshop; it is death to development; it

with the idea of being good and doing as the leads to stagnation and dullness. In order to help

parents tell them to do. Yet they know that chilthe children whom we bear to harvest well, we

dren are influenced more by actions than by words. must plant early a respect for work—regardless We ourselves find the same to be true. We tend of what that work is, so long as it is honest and

to lose our trust in people, not through what they necessary for the world's advancement.

say but rather through some action which disThe garnering season presupposes the planting pleases us or seems inconsistent with what we and the tendance of those qualities that make the accept for truth. We need to train ourselves to harvest worth while. Let us all choose wisely the

think clearly, for truth is truth no matter who may characteristics that will bear the fruit we desire regard or disregard it. We need to train our chilfor ourselves and our families. M. C. /.

dren in thinking of truth independent of peopleand this is part of the garnering that is allimpor- Needed: A Dust Storm

tant in their lives.

Tragedy stalks those who tie their faith to perComeone has jested: "We would have a nationsons rather than to principles, A person is never wide dust storm if all the Bibles in the country

free from temptation; a principle never fails. Some were dusted simultaneously."And we'd be inyears ago a radio broadcast arrested with the clined to be in favor of this kind of dust storm

startling statement that the time of greatest tempsweeping not only the nation but the whole tation lies right after the time of greatest success. earth. For it might indicate that mankind was

This, at first, seemed impossible of belief. But a sweeping away his false notions, built up by

little analysis shows it to be true, for when one has almost countless generations, and getting back to succeeded, the defenses are down, and at such a the brotherhood of man as clearly defined in the time the arch foe of mankind can best work his Bible, and stated and reemphasized again in devastation. If we are to guard our young people Latterday revelations.

and guide them to a period of wise harvesting, we The foreign policy of one nation or a group of must teach them never to cease vigilance over their nations is the thinking of one man multiplied by thoughts, actions, and words. We must likewise one million, or hundreds of million, times. The

warn them that even those whom they admire most key to the peace on earth so much desired today may at times fail them, and that they must pin may be found by each within the pages of his their faith in the abstract truth of the principles family Bible. But this key—the brotherhood of

and not in the concrete failures of people to live man—must be translated into everyday living, in

by the principles. one life, in ten lives, in one million lives, in hunThey must learn, therefore, and we along with dreds of millions of lives. Then, and only then,

them, that they must forgive inconsistent actions can the nations live together as neighbors and as in others, but never in themselves. This charactertrue brothers upon the earth.

istic is one of the qualities that Christ commends—A. L. Z., Jr.

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pel and the steady practice of its principles are a cure for sure human social ills. This is confirmed ft CXXUll. <=J-)oe6 J&empier amaae statistics. available by

<JjlrYilm6ri <=Jjlvorce f Customarily, those who have the most faith are married in the temple-—-sealed for time and eteris an evil. It is the result of an unsucnity. If conditions compel marriage outside of the Divorcecessful marriage. Such a breaking of family temple, the sealing ordinance is secured as soon

ties hurts those immediately concerned, and soas possible after the nontemple ceremony. Those

ciety as a whole. The welfare of the world depends with lesser faith, or who are unwilling to meet

in large measure on the existence of happy homes the simple requirements for a temple recommend, in which joyous family relationships blossom. have the marriage ceremony performed by the

The Church has always decried divorce. stake president or ward bishop. Unfortunately,

Nevertheless, the Church, which tries to conthey often remain satisfied throughout life with this serve the welfare and happiness of its members, Churchsanctioned, but lesser form of marriage.

has also realized that in a community of frail huThose who are largely indifferent to the doctrine man beings, many mistakes may be made. Imperand practices of the Church are content with a

fect acquaintanceships, hasty marriages, undesirmarriage, performed by an authorized civil servant, able habits, different life philosophies, and many neither bishop or stake president. Such marriages

other conditions may make husband or wife wish are legal under the law, and, of course, respected that he or she had not married. Under such condiby the Church.

tions a divorce sometimes seems preferable to a Happily, many of those married under civil lifetime of unhappiness. So, divorces have not been authority, by civil servants, or by stake or

forbidden by the Church. ward authority, in time obtain the vision of

Trivial reasons often impel people to ask for gospel beauty, and fit themselves for later endivorce. The contending parties fail to exercise trance into the temple. But, when they thus apself-control. They expect perfection in each other. pear tardily in the Lord's house, for the eternal

They do not take their marriage vows seriously. sealing, it is always with regret in their hearts that

They forget the sacredness of the marriage covethe temple ordinance was not performed earlier.

nant. When divorce follows such conditions, it is The effect of these varying degrees of faith is

indeed an evil. well illustrated by divorce statistics. In the period

The action once taken by President Brigham 1923 to 1925, within the Church, there was one

Young, who nearly always took the woman's part, divorce to every fifteen marriages performed withmay well be kept in mind. After listening to a out any Church authority, but only one divorce to

plea for divorce by a sister in the Church, he every thirtythree Church marriages—by temple,

finally answered: "I will not give you a divorce. stake, or ward authorities. In the period 1935 to

Go home, and be good to your husband. And do 1937, there was one divorce to every twelve marnot expect heaven on earth."Perhaps in that last riages performed without any Church authority,

sentence, if marriage has been entered into disbut only one to every twentyeight Church marcreetly, lies the chief remedy for divorce. riages.*

It is a cause for rejoicing that among LatterAs contrasted with marriages performed outside day Saints there are fewer divorces than among the Church, less than onehalf as many divorces the American public in general. President David occurred among those married under Church au-

O. McKay in a recent general conference sermon thority, whether by ward, stake or temple author-

(April 8, 1945) declared that "the ratio of diity. That brings out the security of marriages by

vorce to marriage in the United States is three the Church. That should be remembered by those

times higher than in the Church. In 1920 there about to marry, and who desire the union to be

were 7.5 marriages to every divorce in the United lasting.

States, while in the Church there were 24.8 marThe further question may be asked: In the matriages to every divorce. In 1935, the United States ter of divorce, how do temple marriages compare

had a ratio of 6.1 marriages to every divorce; durwith marriages under stake or ward authorities?

ing the same year the Church had a ratio of 17.9 In finding the answer to this legitimate question,

marriages to every divorce."* an interesting investigation has recently been

While this seems very favorable for the Church, made.

yet the divorces that occur within the Church All marriages of couples who were married uncause deep regret. der Church authority in the Salt Lake stakes and

The cure, among our people at least, is the vicinity in 1936 were studied.

attitude of the contracting parties toward the There were 787 couples married that year in gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. Faith in the gosthe region chosen. Ninetysix of these could not

be found. Therefore, the study concerned itself

*David O. McKay, "Marriage and Divorce,"The Improvement Era

48:238 (May 1945) (Concluded on page 656)

OCTOBER 1948 641.

tant wJwiDonan Speaking of Juvenile Delinquency

. Dm Craned iVleckfe65ei wheelbarrows with dirt and trun- l/lear$.

dling it up to the front of the lot to fill in low spots. My curiosity got

OF PROGRESS and This heartwarming story of the youthe betterboys ofareme.doing?""May II askinquired.what

California, written by Sacramento, ACHIEVEMENT building of Sutter Ward Chapel in One boy set down his barrow, a wiped the perspiration from his face stirs to the imagination nonmember,

CAN BE YOURS andthe infinitewhat it possibilitiescan mean inof buildingactivity withly. his"We'resleeve,buildingand grinneda church."proudunity of purpose among Church The important fact was that we, the members. AT YOUR boys, were doing it. Think of it.

CHURCH UNIVERSITY buildingThese boysa church.were havingThey werea shareproudin

Courses in 43 departments Speakingand whoof juvenileisn't at delinquency,the present of Iit. watched the building of that

organized under: time? I've seen it solved under church for two years, from the cemy nose. True, in a comparatively ment foundation to the last finishCOLLEGE OF ARTS AND small way, but what can be done ing touch on its stately tower. It

SCIENCES in a small way, can be done on a was built under the supervision of

COLLEGE OF APPLED SCIENCE larger scale. an experienced contractor and I am not a member of any church; builder, but the menfolk of the

COLLEGE OF COMMERCE I'm an outsider. I don't know a Church did the actual work, after

COLLEGE OF EDUCATION single thing about the church I'm their regular day's work was done, going to tell about insofar as what The hammering and sawing went

COLLEGE OF FINE ARTS their religious beliefs are. I have on until after ten or eleven o'clock

DIVISION OF RELIGION no friends among its members. I'm at night. Around six o'clock in the just an observer—a lookeron-er. evenings, numerous cars drew up

I curb. helped the Children into the block along moved WhenFor further information, write to—of big kettles to in carry I live mothers of onehundred a city where

and twentythousand people, the big steaming food, along with sandcorner lot was vacant. Along with wiches and chocolate from the cars

Flat building. to the unfinished take to a well- I used

as kittycorserved that on sawhorses ran boards i5nakam Lyoiah9 mybeatenneighbors,foot path ner across this lot to the grocery tables. Every evening was a picnic,

UlnLuersLtu store. One day, a few years ago, busy fathers putting aside their tools

I noticed a dozen little boys, ranging to eat, mothers and wives dishing up

PROVO, UTAH in ages from nine to twelve years, food, children and young folk runbriskly hoeing down the tall lush ning hither and yon on errands. At

grass in one corner of the lot. Cub long last it was finished—even to

Scouts? I wondered. The next

day there were older boys, perit. haps fifteen, sixteen, and sevenMfkfif teen years of age

534 So. Main beginning to excavate dirt from

Salt Lake City, Utah the spot the FOR:

BANQUETS PRIVATE PARTIES y o u n ge r boys

EXCLUSIVE DINING EXCELLENT SERVICE had cleared the

CATERING SERVICE BOX LUNCHES day before.

McKEAN, REX Mgr. These older boys

3-1708 PHONE Were tilling Front view of church built by members, assisted by children 642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the underground water system, the shrubs and grass.

I had watched the building of this church so long. I had seen allthe loving care and interest that was ft**'-

molded into its very fiber, by old ladies with snowwhite hair and wrinkled faces, patiently paintingthe window casings in bitter cold **weather, men hurrying from the *'Tteiw work by which they earned their building—anddaily bread to alwayslend theirthe handschildren,to

assisting in every way they could

I had watched this drama filled with love and pathos and human interest so long—that I put on my Sundaygo-tomeeting—and shyly ventured

into the services.

I always thought that church was for older people. Not so here. The

church was packed. At least twothirds of the congregation were

children, from the month old up to eighteen years. Little folk of

three, four, and five amused themselves with papers and pencils. Occasionally a pencil got away and

rolled under someone's feet. It was

patiently picked up and returned to its owner. Babies cooed and clucked

over their bottles. There was a sort

of constant rustling sound if one concentrated on listening—the

church sounded like a dovecote. Not

one single adult eyebrow was raised in disapproval. There wasn't a

sound of a "shush"to any childish noise.

Presently the services began.

Young men administered the sacrament-—eight boys passed the bread

to the congregation.and water After It's a safe guess all Butch needs is a 'change'that hour for one children so young

from itchy, halfclean clothes to things that are washed they were still lisping took turns in rising to their feet, taking part in the completely clean and sweet:.. with FelsNaptha Soap.

services. The choir was composed

This extra gentle laundry soap—an exclusive blend of of all young folk. Every little face

in the building was shining with mild, golden soap and active naptha—gets out every

interest. Every child was glorying stain, every source of irritation. Leaves

in the part he was taking. He was dainty garments soothingly soft and white.

a part of the proceedings. He was

It. Like other modern mothers, you'll find

When I arose to leave, a stranger FelsNaptha the perfect soap for doing extended her hand and asked if I a 'baby wash'cleaner and quicker!

were a new member. I said, "No, I

watched this church being built. I

was interested to see what the services would be like. There has GOLDEN BAR OR GOLDEN CHIPS

been so much love and interest shown by children in building this church. I love part the the children FelsNaptha Soap

in have the actual both played buildMADEBY FEISIN PMILA.a CO.

BANISHES "TATTLETALE GRAY'(Conchtded on page 650) OCTOBER 1948 643 2 teaspoons minced onion Yi teaspoon salt pepper 3 egg whites (beaten stiff)

Break macaroni in oneinch pieces, cook in boiling salted water until tender; drain.

Melt butter in milk. Beat into egg yolks.

Add macaroni, cheese, crumbs, and seasonJosephine B. Nichols ings.Pour intoMix wellgreasedthoroughly. Foldloaf inpan.egg Bakewhites.in

moderate oven (325) one hour. Unmold

Moneysaving Main Dishes andpleteservethe withmeal hotserveshrimpshoestringsauce. potatoes,To comstuffed tomato salad, and fruit cobbler.

'"Phe main dish is especially important in meal planning. The rest of the

meal is built around this dish. Usually Scotch Meat Patties

the main dish is the chief source of pound ground beef protein which is so essential to building cup milk and repairing body tissue. cup quickcooking oats

salt and pepper 2 tablespoons fat Swiss Steak and Vegetables 1 cupcup waterchopped celery pepper green chopped cup 1 chuck, flank, or round steak pounds if Sauce, Y2 Worcestershire teaspoon flour tablespoons 2 desired salt teaspoon 1 flour tablespoon pepper teaspoon j/;Y

teaspoon thyme Y teaspoon milk, oats, one meat, fat Combine tablespoons 2 4 mediumsized potatoes (whole) salt, pepper. Make very thin patties; brown

says the 4 whole carrots on both sides in fat in frying pan. Add

Yi cup chopped green onions or pepper water and vegetables, season. Cook covCAFETERIA DIRECTOR ered over low heat thirty minutes. Blend

slowly water, cold add flour with a little inservings. dry into meat Mix Cut city of a large until thickened, mixture, cook and to the

fat into Melt meat. and gredients pound candied with occasionally. Serve

meat pressure in and brown saucepan school system salad, carrot potatoes, and cabbage on stirringsweet heat. sides Arrange over both medium dessert. for fruit cookies LETTER with and A *FROM onion chopped cover with rack; on meat

or pepper. Add one cup hot water, and

Close cooker, and carrots. whole potatoes

twenty Onion Creamed Liver and process bring up pressure

Serve gradually. cool cooker Let minutes.

1 sliced onion cup platter; while making hot keep hot on rice cooked cups

serve the meal complete gravy. To margarine cup a set Y4 pudding. tapioca fruit orange salad and A NEW AND 1 parsley chopped cup

fat or salad oil cup BETTER Tamale Pie Y1 pound sliced liver flour cup 34 1 cup corn meal 2 cups milk 3 cups boiling -water teaspoons salt Boil onion in salted water until tender;

t onion, diced drain. Combine rice, margarine, parsley;

i green pepper, diced season. Pack into greased ring mold; keep

uncooked ground liver; flour blend in hot meat or saute fat. Remove 3% pounds TUNA tablespoons fat hot. Dredge sliced liver in seasoned flour; meat cooked cups ground slowly, cook in pan. into fat IK Add milk;

or cooked drained canned cups liver thick. until constantly stirring Add

CO., INC, FOOD CAMP SEA VAN tomatoes sliced onions. pieces, Uninch into and cut

Island, Terminal California taste salt to chili and powder liver mixcreamed rice fill with ring; mold

There's no substitute for Stir corn meal slowly into rapidly boiling tureServeand withgarnish.tomato, celery, aspic salad

tuna, when you use salted water. Cover and cook fortyfive and baked apple or pear.

minutes in double boiler. Cook onion and

green pepper in fat until tender; remove

from fat. Add meat to fat. If uncooked, Baked Salmon Loaf

cook until done. Add remaining ingredients

and heat. Pour a layer of the cooked corn 1 can salmon (2 cups)

meal into a greased baking dish, add meat 1 lemon (juice) mixture and cover with rest of the corn 1 teaspoon salt meal. Bake in hot oven (400 F.) thirty 1 tablespoon grated onion

minutes. Serve with crisp green salad and Y2 cupeggsminced green pepper cherry tart.

1 cup milk soft crumbs bread cup Cheese-O-Roni Y germ wheat cup Y spaghetti or macaroni, cups \Y or margarine Beat eggs, add milk, combine with rebutter tablespoons 2 greased into ingredients. Pack maining 1 cup milk

350 F. for or. loaf pan. Bake at mold egg yolks ring wellbeaten 3

1 cup grated American cheese fortyfive minutes. Unmold; serve with

Y3 tablespoonscup soft breadchoppedcrumbsparsley creameddessert, servevegetableshot gingerbreadand a green withsalad.appleFor

3 tablespoons chopped pimento sauce.

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Qua\'ity,HickelTiate4 m.. iimww / mbmwbmbw* Tzmm

OFFEK

rJlU>4Pn/$TO Albers Peacock Buckwheat Flour, the great Western favorite for "buckwheats."It's premixed—ready to

cook in less than a minute. One <?K(l J/Z6 13 inches. This valuable 6-way kitchen aid is just boxtop is good A

for a "Handee the thing to stir the batter for your delicious Albers Flapjacks

Helper"! And it has many other daily uses. Here's your chance to buy

Albers Flapjack Mix, or Peacock Buckwheat... and send the

boxtop for your "Handee Helper!"The quantity is limited.

Polished NickelPlate; Don't miss this opportunity.

stainless, easy to clean. I lacquered Highly twotone hard.:": TREAT I

family your handle; wood

to grip. firm "FLAPJACKS"supply 'sfs - I *"\V37wh,le omy oldtime famous Offer good Famous Buttermilk Recipe! I "Chief"

Calif. Dept.l-10 quality. It's been famous ALBERS, Los Angeles Annex,, Enclosed I Terminal—for fifty years o 0002

the original Western I Flapjack with! Today

finer ingredients than ever, it's at its best. No (PLEASE PKl> 1

fuss, no PREMIXED muss—I

-ready for the griddle in If you use 60 seconds! Get a package tothe larger I

day—and send the boxtop for sizes, send your "Handee Helper"! I

bag -bottom

Should Priesthood Members

Attend Sunday School

Prayer Meeting

/Vne question repeatedly asked is whether or not brethren who are Melchizedek Priesthood Monthly Benevolent and Mutual engaged as Sunday School officers or teachers should be excused early from Quorum lesson for November Benefit Associations their priesthood quorums or groups to attend the Sunday School prayer meetLESSON TEN: November 1948 Inquiries continue to be made coning. cerning the Church attitude toward

The practice of excusing all officers Miscellaneous Activities—Quorums benevolent and mutual benefit associaand teachers ten minutes before in Missions tions. In some stakes burial funds

adjournment of the quorum meetings have been inaugurated by a number of where these meetings are held the Reference: Melchizedek Priesthood the quorums. In recent months, howhour immediately preceding the openHandbook, Section XIII p. 79 to ever, most of these have been disconing of Sunday School has a tendency to XVI p. 85. tinued.

disrupt the work of the quorum meetExtreme caution in such matters is ings. Seeking to find a satisfactory 1. Who directs the campaign for urged. Invariably such organizations

solution the General Authorities of nonuse of liquor and tobacco? have proven to be unsatisfactory and

the Church requested the general super- 2. What are the purposes and obthe basis for considerable misunderintendency of the Sunday Schools to jectives of the NoLiquor-Tobacco standing and dissatisfaction. As a guide

submit recommendations which would committee? to all quorum officers and other interdifficulty this meet with andovercome parties, the official attitude of

3. definite responsibility is ested Whose full endorsement. their approval and the in the as expressed "HandChurch further this to campaign? init following the andThis done was for Bishoprics of Instructions book

structions concerning this matter are 4. The NoLiquor-Tobacco commitand Stake Presidencies"is quoted

published herewith: tee of the stake is composed of whom? herewith

Where the priesthood meeting is held 5. Discuss the duties of the stake

the hour immediately preceding the openNo-LiquorTobacco committee. A word of caution is given concerning

ing of Sunday School, we suggest the benevolent and mutual benefit associations.

following arrangement: Where the Sun- 6. What are the duties of ward The purpose of these associations is to enday School begins at 10:30, we suggest teachers as set forth by the Lord? list members who pay a specified initiation

all for the meeting that a prayer women fee to contribute agree then and sums is responsible for the ward 7. Who at held 10:15 officers teachers be and and or the to $1.00 death amounting more on teaching program? the of superintendent the Sunday that stipulathe of association with member, an

School, or one of his assistants, be excused 8. Are all priesthood members livtion that if anyone fails to pay his asfrom the priesthood meeting in time to ing in each ward subject to their sessment the membership is lost.

meet with the sisters in their prayer meetbishop's assignment to be ward teachAccording to those who have had coning. This brief prayer meeting should be ers; in other words, are any priestsiderable experience in such matters, this

10:20, the time at dismissed promptly function fails usually insurance to type of holders exempt from ward teachusual- hood priesthood the quorum of set for dismissally result the that with remain those who ing? officers all the enable This will meetings. out. In in lose longest the organization

and teachers of the Sunday School and 9. Who has the responsibility of some states these organizations are reguthe brethren who have been in attendthe general supervision of the details lated by law, but other states do not have

ance in the priesthood meetings to take of priesthood organization and activibenefits of this supervision, which increases their places in the chapel promptly and ties in the foreign missions? the financial hazard.

be in order before the beginning of the Church officers, as such, are counseled devotional music, which usually means 10. Who has the direct supervision not to permit the organization of a unit

10:25. Insofar as possible, all members of Melchizedek Priesthood quorums in of any of these associations in connection

of the senior Sunday School should be foreign missions? with the Church, nor permit their names to

in the chapel their in proper orderseated devotional of the the beginningbefore 11. Describe the organization, rebeChurchusedmembersfor the topurposesubscribeof forinfluencingmembermusic. In cases where the Sunday School sponsibility, and duties of a mission ship.

begins at 10:00 o'clock and the priestMelchizedek Priesthood committee.

these arrangements, 9:00, at meetinghood 12. district presibranch and Do

half shifted hour an course, be of would jurisdirect supervision dents or have priesthood meeting theearlier. Where the First Presidency, been approved by diction mission over quorums?

is preceding the held hour Sunday not is to effect followed procedure what it to necessary will change not be School, 13. directs ordinapriesthood Who the organization? quorum the already plan from meetingthe prayer in foreign the tions missions?

in operation. 18. In what ways are priesthood

14. Can mission presidents ordain groups and quorums in the mission

Dissension in matters such as this high priests in their missions? comparable to those in the stakes?

one is not conducive to the proper spirit or progress. Compliance will 15. Under what conditions are 19. How often should priesthood

bring about a working harmony and elders'quorums organized in the misgroup meetings be held in mission result in the maximum good for all sions? quorums?

organizations concerned. Unity of 16. What procedure must the mis20. How often should quorum meetpurpose and action should be our consion president follow in order to reings be held?

stant goal in keeping with the admoniceive authorization to have an elders'21. Discuss the problem of record

tion of the Savior that "Unless ye are quorum organized in his mission? and report books and supplies for misone, ye are not mine."17. After a quorum organization has sion priesthood quorums.

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted byJhftetho'Oft Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE by the Drink TWELVE—HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, Sale

THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, Again in Utah we see in the press,

ANTOINE R. IVINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH hear over the radio, in speech and

YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE conversation that a change in the Utah

state liquor laws by the incoming legislature permitting sale by the drink will be sought. It is well this question has

Stakes Receive Priesthood Where sincere faith in and an abidcome out into the open in order that ing loyalty to the gospel are evidenced voters might be alerted to find out beActivity Analysis in the daily lives of those bearing the fore the fall elections how candidates priesthood, the Spirit of the Lord has for the legislature stand on this ques- /Comparative priesthood activity a medium through which to testify of tion. The position of this column on

charts have been prepared showthe truth. To the extent that we fail the question is unchanged from that

ing the activities over a threeyear to measure up we may be said to be taken in years that are gone. We are

period in each stake of the Church. guilty of the judgment expressed reunalterably opposed to the sale of

This information was secured from the cently by an Indian investigating the liquor "by the drink."We have many

confidential annual reports submitted gospel: "It is so hard for many of reasons for this position, a few of them

by all Melchizedek Priesthood quous to hear what you say because of being as follows:

rums. Copies of these charts have been what you do."

. Sale by the drink would result in inplaced in the hands of all stake presiOne fundamental purpose of these 1

dents showing the activities in their charts is to place in the hands of the creased consumption. This is not an as-

a fact, but clearly the figures as assumption tool to stakes. particular a useful presidencies stake

Inc., Distilled Institute, Spirits prove. The the analyzing sist in entire Church the trend has For the more accurately statistic, D.C., factfinding Washington, a

been very gratifying. Very substancondition of the priesthood in the sevorganization, has for years annually comtial gains have resulted in the full payeral stakes with regard to the observpiled data on liquor consumption in the

ment of tithes, in the observance of ance of Church standards. It is easy United States. The latest figures at hand

the Word of Wisdom, the attendance to live so close to and so long with those for 1946-—show, as they have always

at sacrament meetings, the observance conditions that one is scarcely aware shown, that in the 29 license states—-those

of the Sabbath day, and the holding of of the general improvement or decline permitting sale by the drink—the average

family prayers. Although the increase taking place. Much good may result per capita consumption was 1.97 gallons.

shown in 1946 over 1945 was heartenfrom seriously studying the trends In the 17 monopoly states—those in which

is the state the legal of liquor, vendor to ing, are taken if in 1947 the improvement positive steps over both shown it in per average onlypackages—the to dispensing or expectations. conditions previous years exceeded disturbing correct capita 1.25 gallons. consumption Thus was

Such progress has resulted largely strengthen and improve favorable in the license states where liquor is sold by from the devoted leadership and conaspects. It is always wise and proper the drink, the consumption was 57.7 percent

scientious planning effected in the to give commendation and encouragegreater than in the monopoly states. This is

many stakes. ment where such are due. easily understandable. The greater the numIn analyzing activities on a stakeBasically it appears that quorums are ber of outlets—the easier liquor is obtainthe drinking. the more Hence basis, stakes the of majority a wide able—the leadership. their than stronger no

evil results of multiplied will drinking be records. outstanding showed Some unitedly officers are quorum Where

if the legal. sales drink become by slight while improvement showed standobserving Church devotedly and is clear This point and proved made by standstill. at others to a appeared be of the Spirit the of direction the ards the table following data furfrom made remaining stakes between wavered The rich in abunmanifest is made Lord Distilled Institute: Spirits nished the by

erratic fluctuations and serious dedance and favorable results accrue.

clines. States States perLicense Monopoly or carelessness negligence Where

(29 in number) (17 in number Steady improvement and progress generally conditions sists unfavorable are, of course, highly desirable. In the follow. The axiom that "a sinner is

words of President Joseph F. Smith, not a very good preacher of repentthe priesthood true judging by the close ance"is quite S 1*

C a.-s and.S32 E "o E leadership between correlation

is less than nothing nor more... >< activity. OU co OU CU o the membership

of to which delegated by power man God 1.25 26 40,691,792 94,660,900 0.99

in salvation for the the earth act can man Many weeks have been spent com19371941 111,224,272 1.12 1.33 45,932,649

of the human family, in the name of the piling this information. Much of the 1942 133,831.256 1.60 56,417,001 1.34 2718.7

Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost, value of these charts will be lost unless 1943 105,879,127 1.27 39,650,327 0.94 35

and act legitimately; not assuming that every effort is made to carefully 1944 124,414.330 1.47 42.265,305 1.19 23.5

1945 142,219,655 1.68 1.15 46 47,911,105 authority, nor it from borrowing construcsuch take generaanalyze them and

1946 275,029,301 1.97 55,952.202 57.7 1.25 but authority tions that are and gone, dead seem record as the tive measures may

in this in has that given which day been increase; consumption inTen-year that such to indicate. It is hoped

spirits live ministering angels 80,368,401—85 percent and by 15,260,410—36 percent we

will presented graphically direct of formation the from above, presence from

Almighty God, who have come to the earth enable stake presidencies to bring 2. The increase in number of places of

in our day and restored the priesthood to about greater faithfulness and devotion purchase would multiply the difficulties of the children of men. {Gospel Doctrine, and the resultant blessings which follaw enforcement. The stores would be

1939 ed., pp. 139140.) low. (Continued on page 670)

OCTOBER 1948 647

Kanesville Ward, Lake View Stake Youth Speaks

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP Speaking of Sacrament OUTLINE OF STUDY Priesthood's Blessing to a

NOVEMBER 1948 Young WomanMeeting Records /\NE of the most encouraging reThe lesson for November will ports of attendance at sacrament be a review of the study material meeting, and of the conduct of a sacpresented in this column for rament meeting, was recently made to September and October 1947.

the Presiding Bishopric by Lee A. Mimeographed copies of the

Palmer, our Aaronic Priesthood reprelessons will be sent to each bishop sentative, who attended the Kanesone month in advance. Bishops

ville Ward (Lake View Stake) sacraare requested immediately to ment meeting as guest speaker August place the material in the hands of 8. Elder Palmer's report was as the leader who presents the lesfollows sons during the monthly meeting of the Ward Youth leaderSixty-nine percent of the ward membership committee that he may have

ship of 238 were in their seats when we ample time to make adequate walked into the chapel. One hundred perpreparation.

cent of all L.D.S. girls, and one hundred

percent of all Aaronic Priesthood members (except one in the military service) were present. Percentage of attendance spect for the house of the Lord during the

of auxiliary officers and teachers present: entire service made everyone conscious he

Relief Society 100; L.D.S. girl leaders was in a worshiping assembly from the

100; Genealogical Society 100; Primary beginning to the end.

Association 84; Sunday School 75; ward Bishop H. Lawrence Watkins modestly

teachers 67; Y.W.M.I.A. 44; Y.M. spoke a few words of heartwarming welIRENE SPENCERM.I.A. 40. come, then said—"Each family in the ward

Equally as gratifying as was their rehas received a postcard from the bishopric markable attendance, was the general beduring the past week setting forth the (Excerpts from an address delivered havior of the group which ranged in ages details of tonight's meeting. The service by Irene Spencer, San Rafael Branch,

from babes in arms to grandfathers and will proceed according to the outline withNorthern California Mission.)

grandmothers—they were all there as the out further announcement."

singing, the Congregational opening and intends be. the theyLord should When was asked to talk this evening

dignified closing prayers, the orderly andpreliminary began, music hush reverent a I ended all whispering and disturbances. Readministration of the sacrament, a lovely on priesthood's blessings to a

girls'chorus, all unusually appropriate to young woman. I know all young Latthe occasion, set the standards for an ideal terday Saint girls from the time they

m sacrament meeting. start thinking about the future think

It was thrilling indeed to be in the presof having a home and family and how ence of so many from such a small ward best to govern their home. I know

who were doing so much for the cause in my future home I want the teachthey love. ings and knowledge of the gospel of

As we were leaving, Bishop Watkins Jesus Christ and priesthood leadership bishopric, said, bigthe of speaking "Our that exercised of need. can in time be

all is for find the to positions gest job family to learn to love one I want my in to our ward work members who want in the Church."another, to love the Lord, and to walk

in the straight and narrow path that

The above record for one meeting will lead them to life eternal.

was not exceptional as witness the Everyone can be married in the ward's average attendance record for Church, but not everyone in the the month of June: sacrament meeting Church can be married in the temple.

53 percent; ward teaching 96 percent; If we don't fulfil the requirements of

L.D.S. girls at sacrament meeting 86 God and live up to the standards of

percent; Aaronic Priesthood attendance at priesthood meeting: priests

83 percent; teachers 100 percent; felt to give much credit to former

deacons 100 percent. There was no Bishop R. P. Green, now a member of

"summer letdown"in this ward. the stake presidency, and his counKANESVILLE WARD BISHOPRIC Wards like Kanesville are not deselors together with other previous

Left to right, seated, Edison Toone, first counselor; veloped "overnight."Years are inward leaders who have set the pace

Bishop Lawrence Watkins; standing, Alvin Andervolved in the development of such and kept their people united and loyal

William Schultz, son, second counselor; clerk. Photo strong tradition. The present bishopric to the standards of the Church. Portrait Studio, Utah. by Penney's Ogden,

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ldited bu <=Lee M. lalr.merTHahopmpage

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD MEMBERS, SEVIER STAKE, HONORED IN TRIP TO YELLOWSTONE PARK

One hundred and eighteen members of the Aaronic Priesthood, Sevier Stake, were taken on a oneweek vacation trip through Yellowstone National Park as guests of the stake presidency, stake Aaronic Priesthood committee, and ward bishoprics, in recognition of their having earned the Individual Certificate of Award for 1947. One year ago, there were sixtyeight such boys feted by a trip to Los Angeles, Catalina Island, and southern Utah parks. From

sixtyeight to one hundred and eighteen winners of the Individual Certificate of Award in one year is a commendable record.

The trip through Yellowstone Park was supervised by President Alten Christensen, chairman, and Wendell N. Anderson, executive chairman of the stake

Aaronic Priesthood committee.

Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Presiding Bishopric, seen in the second row, center, greeted the group in Salt Lake and sent them on their way with

good wishes and a friendly "goodbye."

Where "leaders lead,"boys follow every time.

the Church we cannot secure a recomhas been taught to honor the priestaffection in the atmosphere of our mend to be married in the temple. If hood, and to treat a girl with respect. home. Having family prayer each

we do fulfil the requirements and live She must determine whether he will evening is certainly a wonderful thing up to the standards of the Church and take an interest in his family and in that has brought us closer to each are married in the temple, we are the care they receive. Together they other. Recently we had our patriarchal

sealed together for time and eternity. must teach their children to grow up blessings, which gave us a new and

Worthy Latterday Saint men and with love for the gospel and be good wonderful feeling. When we first

women who so begin lives together Latterday Saints. entered the patriarch's home there was

find that their eternal partnership under I am sure that if a man honors the a feeling that lasted the entire eventhe everlasting covenant becomes the priesthood and fulfils his obligations ing. Wlien he placed his hands upon

foundation upon which are built peace, in it he will make the kind of man that our heads there was another glorious happiness, love, and all other eternal a young woman would like to marry feeling that I just cannot explain.

verities of life. and be with for time and eternity. I am very thankful for my parents

When selecting a companion, a girl I would like to tell now what the grateful for the opportunities they must remember there is just one that priesthood has done in our home and have given me and will continue to she wants to spend her life with, and experiences we have had. Our attigive me. I am thankful for being

he must be a Latterday Saint. She tudes toward one another, and the way baptized into the Church of Jesus

must make sure that she can trust him; in which we act and talk to each other, Christ of Latterday Saints and being

that he will live the gospel; that he are different. There is more love and able to work with such fine people.

OCTOBER 1948 649

MAIL'S IN

{Concluded from page 633) John Williams held up a gray letter, his brawn and his time. It's just addressed in delicate handwriting.

money he can't bear to let loose of. Andrew looked at it while a slow

Have you forgot about them Russmile spread over his face, which sian thistles he rooted out of my then resembled a granite rock with hayfield?"warm sun on it. Then he burrowed

"Aw, Jed, he wouldn't take your in his jeans and paid his quarter as thanks for that job of weedraking! if he were glad to do it. He deSaid it was just so's they wouldn't voured the letter in one glance.

spread to his pasture.""Friends!"cried Andrew. "Neigh-

"Of course. He hates thanks. I'm bors! I'm making a trip East right away. When I come back, I'll have sorry for the man, all alone that

girl just way. If he just had a wife to sort of my wife with me. She's a

human him down more, I tell you off the ship from the old country.A Jeannie picked her out for Andrew would be a right good felMy Aunt

la."me. When we get back, we'll have

the honor of invitin'you all to our BRIGHT Elijah lies'youngest boy dashed houseraisin'. Aunt Jeannie says

IDEAintoIt thewasstore.a grand"Mail'smailbag!in!"he yelled.Mrs. letterAnnie'stenderlya fine intogirl,"the(hebreastpattedpocketthe

Hawkes learned her mother was up of his jeans). "A fine girl, and

rethriftyl"Certified Lamps andceivedarounda recipeagain.for Clementinemaking straw- "Once a man gets a wife and

berry skin lotion. "Philadelphia home,"Andrew Craven went on,

The "Certified Lampbelles are using it with great suc- "he's satisfied at home. It's naught

cess,"Cousin Bella's letter assured to him, hearing outside about the tag assures you the most her. care world. if he man doesn't A

efficient lighting and And Andrew Craven? When never gets another letter!"

beauty of design.

Look for this tag when SPEAKING OF JUVENILE DELINQUENCY choosing new lamps for (Concluded from page 643) on Sunday evenings after church your home. ing—and in the services,"I told her and different members take groups

with sincerity. "It seems to me this to their homes where they are enterMany dealers now church was built for the children."tained with planned programs. We

little juvenile delinquency probhave Certified Lamps "So it was,"she assured me. "We have

specialize on training and entertainlems in our congregation,"she said ing our children. Children are the with justifiable pride. "By permitworld."take part in our services, we'd have Utah Power & most important things in all the ting and encouraging our children to

"See our dance hall?"She indi- a hard time keeping them from atcated the large and spacious hall tending church. They love it—and Light Co. with pride. "We open our dances by furnishing wholesome recreation

with a prayer and close them with a for all our young folk, they have prayer. And here,"she said, as we neither time nor inclination to get

went out into the hall, "are our into mischief."

Sunday School rooms and our chil- I agreed with her heartily that dren's playrooms. the method they used was the solu-

A NEW BOOK! "The young folk are divided up tion to juvenile delinquency.

\%CUMORAHWHERE?by Thomas Stuart Ferguson ft

Attorney at Law Foreword by Dr. John A. Widtsoe THE EDITOR'S PAGE

$1.50 (Concluded from page 617) commandments. And in these days

Ideal Christmas An of uncertainty are runwhen men Gift would be: Keep the commandments

ning for some to and fro seeking new of the Lord. DESERET BOOKSold bySTORE

Salt Lake City, Utah plan by which peace may be brought is this to advice generation My BOOKCRAFT COMPANY to into this: the that the world, know

Salt Lake it, Spirit the City, Utah get of and keep God is for only to peace this world way KOEOB BOOK COMPANY 1612 Spruce Street and the only way we will retain it is the gospel of Jesus Christ our Lord.

California Berkeley, by living near him, by keeping his There is no other.

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SST J v "'"m"—-

GREATER ECONOMY FOR OWNERS EASIER HANDLING FOR OPERATORS

TN every section of the country, you'll find thousands of boosters for John Deere Two- * Cylinder Tractors.

Some of them seldom take the wheel themselves. They're the largeracreage farmers

with two, three, four and more John Deeres—men who demand economical performance

above all else in the tractors they buy.

Others are hired helpers who spend long hours in the field. They are vitally interested

in ease of handling and simplified maintenance.

Still others are owneroperators living on familysized farms—men who considered

their tractor purchase from every angle before they chose a John Deere.

No matter where you live, what crops you grow or what your particular farming conditions may be, you'll get more genuine all-'round satisfaction from owning a John

Deere. See your John Deere dealer or write to John Deere, Moline, Illinois, for free

literature.

aM& <*:,&&$$$55?i

FIRST IN MO&ERM DESIGN AND PROVED PERFORMANCE

OCTOBER 1948 651

On to the Far East (Continued from page 631) until the day we should arrive at I-View Singapore. Then the Siam Mission

was called together to deliberate upon the subject of whether we should stop at Singapore or go on to Calcutta. But as we could get no

particular information of the place, we concluded to continue our journey with our brethren to Calcutta.

I must confess that at the time we were passing Singapore I was very strongly impressed that was the place that we ought to have stopped, but I said nothing then, for the ship was sailing along briskly, and we were too far along to effect such a landing....

Wednesday, March 30: Today

we have a perfect calm. We spent

the day in fasting and prayer....

Sunday, April 24: This morning

we arrived at the sand heads—the

Model <i with MultipleRow IndependentGang Cultivator mouth of the Hugli River upon which Calcutta is situated—but

with the New AllisChalmers theresight..is.. not a particle of land in

Monday, April 25: We arrived

in Calcutta all safe and in good spirModel G Tractor its and at 6 o'clock p.m. dropped our

Engine in the rear... implements in front. It's a new idea in farm anchor at Cooley Bazaar Island, a

power little below Fort William, being six

You have a full, unobstructed, straightahead view from the seat months and four days since I left of the AllisChalmers Model G. The frontmounted implements Great Salt Lake City and two

months and twentyseven days work just a hoehandle length from your eye. since we sailed from San Francisco.

Any one of the matched tools for the Model G can be attached Elders N. V. Jones and C. W.

or removed in five minutes or less. You can plant and cultivate from West went on shore to search for

one to six rows at a time... with wheel treads adjustable to fit row the residence of some of the Saints

spacings of 10 inches and up. Between the throttleddown special and remained overnight.

"creeper"gear of % miles per hour and the high of 7, you have a [On April 26 notation is made wide selection of working speed ranges. correcting the time in the diary, losing a day and making it April 27.]

A visit to your AllisChalmers dealer now will gi\e you a preWednesday, April 27: This

view of easier farming! morning, Brothers West and Jones

returned and informed us that they

Here are the Model G FRONT MOUNTED Implements! stopped overnight with Sister McCune who was much disaffected.

MULTIPLEROW GROUND DRIVEN SEEDER SINGLE ROW CULTIVATOR Her husband is in Burma engaged

MULTIPLEROW DRIVEN SEEDER POWER DRILL PLANTER TWOROW in carthe that the are English war MULTIPLEROW INDEPENDENTGANG CULPICK-UP PLOW, 12INCH MOLDBOARD the rying against Burmese. on There (for flatland TIVATOR or beds) FIVEFOOT POWER MOWER

if substantial few, any, are very 60INCH DOUBLE TOOL BAR CULTIVATOR A/so PULLTYPE DISC, SPRING TOOTH AND 80INCH SINGLE TOOL BAR CULTIVATOR DRAG HARROWS members in the place. We were

quite disappointed on hearing this news. From previous information,

find to expected a flourishing we for ALL jobs on some forms 100 branch members. of 80 to

into put our trunks a boat ourselves for some jobs on ALL forms whichWe conveyed them and to the shore where considerable strife ensued among the natives who stood on the shore like a numerous ( ALUSTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUK E E t, U. S. A. army, all wanting the privilege of %

iimr iiiimiBi ii mm waiimi n iniiiminmi carrying our trunks to the place of——

652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA deposit, for pay, of course. But we

hired a cart which took them all safe at Sister McCune's, who occupies a portion of a large, commodious house which is hired by

Brother James P. Meik, and is

situated in Town Bazaar street No. immk

Brother Meik and family are living 8 miles down the river on a place called "Acre Farm."On hearing of

our arrival, he started up immediately and arrived here at 3 o'clock p.m.,

and made all necessary arrangements for our comfort. Brother

Meik informed us that there are only eight members in the branch.

The others have apostatized. Elder

Joseph Richards (who first brought the gospel to India) and Elder William Willes have gone up the country.

"Thursday, April 28: Some of the

elders are rather destitute of decent clothing for men of their calling, and all are destitute for suitable clothing for this warm climate.

While in San Francisco, the Siam

Mission was furnished with one *"8s8gBlsSs hundred dollars more than it took The Richest Baby in the World to pay our way to Calcutta and

Brother Dewey also had a hundred OURS can be the richest And one thing more. Your baby

dollars of his own money. Consebaby in the world. By needs an adequate amount of vitaquently we could buy such clothing everyYinch of growth your baby min D, the sunshine vitamin, comas we pleased while some of our makes, by the promise of a sound, bined with the minerals of whole

brethren had not the means to buy straight, strong body and vigorous milk, to help him build straight, a single garment. I did not feel health—these are lifetime riches strong bones and sound teeth, and

right to dress myself in the fashion beyond price. to make the best of growth. Sego

of the country while my brethren, This wealth does not lie at the Milk contains vitamin D in pure for the want of means, were obliged end of a rainbow. It begins now. It crystalline form, in the full amount

to wear their thick, warm clothing. grows, day by day, when your baby doctors say his milk should contain.

your doctor recommendsConsequently I proposed to Elders has the things he needs—chiefly, the When

West and Dewey that we give the best possible milk. Milk that is safe, evaporated milk for your baby, be

elders of the Calcutta Mission a liteasy to digest, and rich in all the sure you get Sego Milk, fortified tle money that they could have some food substances that make milk the with pure crystalline vitamin D3.

light clothing as well as ourselves. most nearly perfect food. This seal certifies that all statements here about made Sego Milk with complied were proposals is that Sego Milk milk.My kind of as have accepted true been the by

*(.. ss Council Foods on Nutrition and 63 for easy rupees.* Then gave them Always to digest.and babies we

the of Association. American Medical

elders of theseveral uniformly and drop rich—every

certifies seal This that the Wispurchased shops and thethe clothing food substances of whole c.nsin Research Alumni Founda- I went to Always—in

,,vitm?kp|.,<< | tion tests periodic to makes determilk.clothing. safe, as in its Always sealed that diluted Sego mine Milk with

Friday, April 29: Today, 10 container, as if there were no germ 400an equalunits amountof vitaminof Dwaterper quart.always gives you

o'clock a.m., agreeable to previous of disease in the world.

appointments, the elders of the Calcutta Mission together with the Free to Mothers! This handy book that makes

elders of the Siam Mission, and a it easier to care for and train your baby.

few Saints met in the capacity of a Dozens of the most important questions about the care conference in the Latterday Saints andillustratedtrainingbook.of yourApprovedbaby are byanswereda wellknownin this 64pagedoctor.

chapel which is provided by Brother Praised enthusiastically by mothers all over the west.

James P. Meik, situated in Town Send for your free copy of this helpful book today.

Bazaar No. 2. Address Sego Milk Co., Dept. E-5, Salt Lake City, Utah.

*An almanac published at Salt Lake City for 1859 SEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO.

gave the value of a Bengal rupee at 55.5 cents. Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

( To be continued) Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

OCTOBER 1948 653 THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME (Concluded from page 628) to him, you, too, must learn. Go to

ORGAN COMMITTEES whileeither weor bothare apart?of us mayI knowchangethat church.Learn all youWorkcan,in eventhe atauxiliaries.that you

I don't quite but with won't him, keep up ofARE CORDIALLY INVITED anythingwant it tomaybe throughhappen, anybut fault lead, taking the he'll enjoy your and

I do?"effort to keep pace will keep youTO HEAR THE mine. What can

The minute her boy friend leaves close.

town, nearly every girl tries to

Letters are your entire means of "lose"herself in something. She communication, so they are importries to "kill"time. She may join tant.

a club or "go out"for strawberry queen or enter the swimming conAnother thing, if you have test. The time ahead looks long. agreed to write—not too frequently,

it, both of you. Time ahead always looks long, and but regularly—do

In Our time behind always looks short. So Don't keep the other wondering

it takes if you want to achieve some sort of too long. And whether

BEAUTIFUL balance, temper your dismay at the three days or three weeks to hear other, you must rememDEMONSTRATION ROOM stretch of years ahead of you with from each a startled survey of the disappearber that three days or three weeks at ing years behind you. Look back have passed between the time the

it is is written the time and see too and wish what you had letter you 259 South State Street received. are together, you When last the with years. done two The

Salt Lake City unfailing response of missionaries misunderstandings may not be very to this glance over their shoulder is, serious because they can be cleared "I wish I had studied harder. I wish up immediately. In letters they

So, yourself, but be sure be I knew about can't. more—particularly self. give best it's your If you way the Church. I feel unprepared."

excess teasOne wrote to his mother, "Everyto pettiness—jealousy,

thing would be perfect if I had the ing, faultfinding, even misplaced find it returned family, Betty (his girl friend), and humor—you may

a greater knowledge of the gospel."in kind next week or next month

Nearly all of us are twelfth hour and then cumulatively built up from letter letter. to other the hand On people. things do when we We

little little real gaiety, personal a a should. when we We must—not also volley understanding can back lessons study before a minute we

must teach them and memorize lines and forth until time builds it to a second before we must know them generous proportions. Letters are

by heart. This system leaves us a like savings accounts. They add

it, so prey to regrets over lost time and interest and then compound lost opportunities, so let's not "kill"keep your entries on the credit

I mean. time just because it happens, at the side—if you know what

NO CHURCH moment,try to usetoit lookvigorouslyso longlived.instead. Let's minder.One moreI have"freefora little nothing"fiveyear-oldreof friend sings loudly at break who would you ask—how

left this "Air your room you IS COMPLETE useAgainyour letspareme could go day, time if you is a morning."His mother who years? you study Would

fail to cannot good housekeeper lessons, WITHOUT A FINE backmusic,twotake dancing learn approve, laughs even though she clothes, to make all of your own ORGAN.

at his verbal confusion. Anyway practise planning preparing and

meals, learn something of the it serves to remind everyone, "Did world's best literature? Then do it we think to pray?"What would

right now. You have these two missionaries do without prayer?

years. What would missionaries'girl

friends prayer? do without What missionary And remember—your this without of us do is any Write or Phone Today for friend time inwould spending all his

Demonstration at no Obligation tensively learning the gospel. He solace and assurance? What, poshas no spare time. The essentials sibly, can go wrong with your

trying the ing the gospel, to live little as are given possible, time as Jfiofjtfson m of meals, sleep, and "cleaning up"friendship if both of you are studyin faith gospel, relying is and on your the rest tracttaken and with up 259 South State St. ing, studying, gospel conversation, Heavenly Father to keep you toit is right that you be Salt Lake City street meetings, cottage meetings, gether—if

and more meetings. He is learning kept together? Not one single thing

rapidly. If you want to stay close can go wrong—honestly!

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHURCH ORGAN COMMITTEES ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO HEAR THE

2 A CLOISTER MODEL

Mi'M:/:::<-%-.

AMERICA'S FINEST ELECTRON ORGAN

Before buying an organ, we urge you to see, hear and play the

Connsonata. It's different from all other electronic organs.* If

you are a pipe organist you will immediately "feel at home"with the Connsonata because, for the most part, the Connsonata

is played exactly like a pipe organ. If you are a lover of true

church organ tone you'll find the Connsonata tone to be truly

traditional, of unimaginable beauty and grandeur, of unparalleled

richness and clarity.'Before buying any organ, you'll do your

church a real service if you investigate the Connsonata personavailable Model, now is the new 2C ally. Write today for illustrated, descriptive literature and name Also

smaller less somewhat expensive and of nearest dealer, who will arrange a private demonstration at than the 2A Model. Both models have

standard A.G.O. Pedal board and full

no obligation. Connsonata, Division of C. G. Conn Ltd., range down to real 16foot, 32cycle C.

1033 Conn Building, Elkhart, Indiana. DON'T CONFUSE THE CONNSONATA

WITH OTHER ELECTRONIC ORGANS The CONNSONATA is unlike any other organ, electric or is produced by its electronic.own individualEachsource,CONNSONATAwhich is an toneexclusive, patented

use of the vacuum tube and the most prolific and versatile source of musical tone known to modern science.

No moving mechanical parts... only the electrons move 1

Maintenance and operating costs are low.

The Connsonata is a development of the Sound and Electronic Research

Laboratories of C. G. Conn Ltd., for over 70 years specialists in musical tone.

OCTOBER 1948 655

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

A STORY OF ANCIENT AMERICA (Concluded from page 641) themselves for temple marriage.

couples. Of these, 381 Then at once after marriage, andt\ a with 691

couples were married in the temple, regularly thereafter, they would folOTHER SHEEP and 310 by stake or ward authorilow gospel practices. From the beThis book is a reverent, but exties. ginning, the couple should have

citing story, similar in purpose to Of the couples married in the daily family prayer, keep the Word "Quo Vadis"and "Ben Hur"as it temple there were 23 divorces; but of Wisdom, participate in Church

deals with the events connected of those married outside the temple meetings, and yield obedience to with the Savior's visit to the Ameriby Church authority there were 47 other Church activities, tithing, etc.

can continent. divorces. That is, according to this Then it may be foretold that the

findthe "Other Sheep"confirms study it appears that temple marmarriage will be lasting, on earth earof archaeologists,ings that the ly inhabitants had a Quorum of 12 riage doubles the protection against and in the eternities to come. InApostles; a knowledge of the Cross, divorce. True, the survey considstead of a home broken by divorce,

Baptism and the Lord's Supper; ered only one year, in one temple there will be a lifelong, increasing

temples like Solomon's; and wordistrict. Yet later studies will uncompanionship to make life truly

shiped a "Great White God"who doubtedly show a similar definite joyous.

came among them and established reduction in divorces among those Yes, according to all our studies, a great civilization. married and sealed in the temples temple marriages do decrease diThis book will create a greater of the Lord. vorce.

desire the to read Book of Mormon, right indicated also the while we The survey Why gift suitable makesand a activity for any present of the are about Church A. W. occasion. notit?—/.marry

couples married in 1936. Of the 381

Price $1.00 plus sales tax templemarried couples only 23 For further reading:

Sold at all Utah and Idaho bookwere inactive in the Church; whereWest, Roy A., Family Eternal

stores or mailed prepaid by as of the 310 married by Church au- (at bookstores).

thority, outside of the temple, 101 Skidmore, Rex A., "Increasing

THE PYRAMID PRESS were inactive in Church affairs. The Happiness and Solidarity of the

609 So. 2nd East Salt Lake City 2, Utah right start in any event is felt in the Family."(The Improvement Era

Now10th outEditionPriceof$2.50;"ThebothLastbooksDays"postpaid(Enlarged)$3.25. ending. 51:365 (June 1948); also see p. 618

Wise young people would fit in current issue.)

THE SPOKEN WORD

A RECORD AlBUM For (Concluded [rom page 638) come different from all others. And,

to do different things. And we do a as one wise man has said, we must

Every latterday Saint Home! grave injustice when we expect any- "let everyone sing his own song in

one to do identically as someone life,"1 according to the gifts and else has done, or when we expect powers which the Lord God has precisely his to perform as Seven anyone given him. We must let every man predecessor performed, or when we

time and generation: "LetImmortal Hymns expectthe placeanyoneof anyonecompletelyelse. Allto takemen ownmake his own contribution to his

his in sing every man own song their individual ) eternal have idenFather My 1017,,—RAAbide With Me J life."tity, all distinct other from men.

First Joseph Smith's Prayer 29, 1948.—August Trials Though Deep'ning 1018 in free their of the use agency And—RA

Thee Every 1 Need Hour all in have respects besome men 1quoted from Dr. Wicltsoe John A. Lord The Shepherd Is My

- the Great 1019 and How Wisdom—RA

the Love Arranged by Crawford Gates THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE

David Whipple and Homer Adams ( Continued from page 626) While they prepared in the mornRendered by heat legions dancing above the dull ing to move, a young Navajo apPROMISED VALLEY QUARTETTE stretch,mirage whereand mockingthe skylineimagesmeltedof proacheda gesture ofGeorgefriendshipA. Smith,asked toandtakein

$1.25 per record away. Writing of it in later years his gun. It had become an aphorism

$3.95 complete album Jacob Hamblin said, "The very that the Indian who is trusted will

Sale For by in betray the trust, seemed to be brass above not heavens with this and

Deseret Co. Book us. if Smith, trusting mind young and

local store music. or your

or by mail direct from With dark visages and never a generous, handed over the gun.

word to indicate their intention, the With the weapon in his hand, and

RECORDING ARTS, Inc. Navajos hemmed the company up without a word of warning, the

19 Temple South West Salt City Lake 1, UtahSt. against a bluff, compelling them to Navajo turned the gun on its ownUtah customers add 2% sales tax. climb to a little tableland above, er and shot him near the heart.

where they kept vigil till morning. ( To be continued

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FULLER GIVES YOU SO MUCH HOME DECORATING HELPTruly, Fuller leads the painting industry in simple, sensible ways to help you do good painting in your home.

Nowhere else will you find so many modern decorating colors, such easy ways to choose and keep favorite color schemes, such practical painting help. Shop around

and prove that for yourself! W. P. Fuller & Co.

FREE New, exclusive, purseFREE Clear, concise, convenient size Color Plan folder Howto-Paintit folders

Choose your own color scheme A million already in use. Separate

swatches—ceiling, walls and folders on ceilings, walls, woodfloor covering. File them in work, furniture. Even a novice

this Color Plan folder. Makes can get "knowhow."And only

matching fabrics easy, Fuller offers them! J>

sure. Today's newest

and finest personalized color -file folder.

BEAUTY FOR YOUR HOME

When you need a professional painter, Fuller will be glad to help you.

OCTOBER 1948 657 PIONEERING TODAY (Continued from page 629) being afraid of the winter before make the best fires, but so many are us. They said we would be snowneeded. Five ordinary cardboard bound in the winter; the cold would

boxes of twigs were used merely to be more than we could stand; and

boil potatoes. I soon realized that the solitude during those winter

I must spend the majority of the months would be unbearable. We

time of each day gathering firehad to go through with it, though.

wood. As soon as one meal was There was no other place for us

MOST PRICES ARE WAY UP over and dishes washed, it was to live. Besides, it was a challenge,

but Greyhound fares are time to prepare for the next one. and we were both young enough to

Still m/qhty low! If I did not do that, we would find accept it and enjoy seeing it

ourselves eating the evening meal through.

like your household and Just ofaround eightthirty or nine o'clock We soon learned what our bigoper- Greyhound's fice expenses, ating costs have continually risen at night. gest danger really was. It was the

,mighty.. yet low,Greyhoundstill thefaresbiggestare barstill It took several days to complete creek that ran along the side of

gain in transportation. our moving. There was the maour property. It was an asset,

terial needed for the house that had supplying us with all the water we

LowFare Examples* to be brought up to the camp site. needed, but it was an attraction to

$10.95 LOS ANGELES furniture in the tent to had children. The be the experience with One 14.30 PORTLAND in order, it, electric the small put its the children though, taught 36.30 YORK CITY.. NEW that set up, purchased we had dangers. experience This had was 26.90 plant CHICAGO

*(0ne way from Salt Lake City, add tax) and the weeds removed from the by our little twoyear-old daughter

Comparable low fares from your locale plot where the house would be built. when she fell into its waters. She

Agent, G. A. NUTTALL Union Bus Depot It was an important day, that first was just climbing out as Henry ran

Bldg. Temple Square Hotel Phone 4-3646 day of September, when we finally down to get her. She was soaked

V f- P l ft N D R E Y. l HI tfi E 5. U N D brokeWe groundhad wonderfulfor the house.plans for that butEverythingunharmed. that September had

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES house. Even the size alone was in ideal autumn weather, October

UNION PACIFIC STAGES. INC. large, perhaps too large when we had not. The month was only three

considered the short time we had days old when we had our first left in which to build before winter snowfall, and it snowed on an averset in, but we were still determined age of every four or five days from to go through with our plans. then until the month was spent. The

It was then, though, that we damp weather, the cold, the disfound how kind people can be. We comfort of life in a tent, all summed

had friends, and we will always up, brought Henry and me to the be grateful to them. They came up same conclusion: We had to find a

and gave us assistance. Some better place for the children. Relahelped at one job, others at another. tives offered to take them into their

Then there was that group of eight homes temporarily, and I shall who came up and laid the concrete never forget how grateful I was for floor in the kitchen. We could their kindness. It was hard seeing

never have completed the house the children go, but we knew it when we did if it had not been for was for the best. They would be

their help. We thanked our well taken care of, and I was more

Heavenly Father many times that free to help on the building of the there are people like that in the house.

world today. The following six weeks were

Living outdoors as we did had pretty bad. We missed the chilits difficulties, but it had its comdren terribly; we were always cold;

pensations, too. During September and we were always battling new

it would have been hard to live snowstorms. Yet it was interestindoors amidst the beautiful suring. I ceased being a housewife

roundings that made up our enentirely. Instead, I tried my hand

vironment. I had never before at every job that is involved in the

realized autumn could be so beautibuilding of a house.

ful, and yet it was frightening. It Then came the happiest day of

meant winter was coming. my life, that fifteenth day of

Yes, my attitude towards winter November, when we made a trip was actually that of fear. So many to the city, gathered up our three

people had opposed our plan, dechildren, and returned to the canclaring it as actually being dangeryon to live in our new house.

ous to our lives and those of our It really took imagination to call three children that I could not help (Continued on page 660) 658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

IA&sl thsL fcqmpwumL ihsL QhampiDfiA. IAasl!

BASKETBALLS AND UNIFORMS

CONVERSE "Chuck Taylor"SHOES FOR 194849 M-MEN COMPETITION DISTRIBUTED AND SOLD BY

Place your orders now at any of these

Bennett Stores:

65 WEST FIRST SO., SALT LAKE CITY

BENNETT'S. Ogden; BENNETT'S. Ptoto

LOGAN HARDWARE CO., Logan

IDAHO GLASS & PAINT CO., Pocatello

EASTSIDE PAINT CO., Idaho Falls

TWIN FALLS GLASS & PAINT CO.

.. BOOK NEWS

NEW CHURCH SONG BOOK 500 pages for congregations and choirs $150 each $15.00 a dozen

Expertly selected and arranged, the new collection of songs offers an inspirational variety for every occasion. It is designed to replace the

Deseret Sunday School Song Book and the L. D. S. Hymn Book. It is an

all purpose collection in one cover.

Orders will be filled promptly in the sequence received, limited only by ability of the bindery to supply books.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY Publishers for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Pleaset,, send. dozencopies.,: of the NEW CHURCH SONG BOOK at $1.50 each; by the dozen $15.00; by the

100 $115.00 to Name Address

Total herewith $

OCTOBER 1948 659

Pioneering Today

(Continued from page 658) that place a house. The lateness

of the season had prevented us from making it the home we had planned.

early, froze ground The and we It's the time of the year to put in the not able were pipes

TO MAKE A CHECKUP AND GIVE YOUR CAR THE that would bring water into the house from the nearby stream, nor

PROTECTION IT NEEDS FOR COLDER WEATHER were we able to build the facilities that would provide us with the indoor bathroom we had hoped to have. We were able only to lay

a cement floor for the kitchen. The

rest of the house, except for the upstairs, was made up of plain dirt flooring. I mean it was dirt after

the first two weeks had gone byUntil then it was the softest, wettest mud I have ever seen. We all wore

galoshes both in the house and outside all the time. The floor upstairs was only rough, unseasoned

lumber. After we laid it, we found

it shrank so it left cracks a half inch wide between the boards. The

walls, both inside and out, were the bare concrete bricks with which we had constructed the house. All;

in all, it was far from the house we had hoped to complete, but to us it was a palace. It was really our own

home, and we were all together in it as a family again.

Now that we were in the house,.

I felt much better about the winter.

I was not afraid of it any more, for we had adequate shelter now. Also,

as soon as we moved in, the weather improved. The October

snowfalls had temporarily closed the road, but November brought a lull in the stormy weather, and the

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY road could be used again. We were

even able to visit the children's grandparents in the city for Thanksgiving and even Christmas.

Then it happened. Two days

after Christmas we had the snowfall we had expected but always wished against. We were now

really snowbound, except for travel

You Can't ALWAYS Plan by snowshoes. In a way, it was

a relief. The expectancy was gone.

The FUTURE By the Past! We were actually in it.

Just because you haven't had a fire is no reason why you won't. Then began the weeks of soliDon't judge the future by the past. tude, the solitude people had

Fire is a constant menace and may visit you any day. warned us against. I was surprised,

Insure your property today and be protected against loss. though, how contented I was during

Better get your policy while you can. those following weeks. We were

not lonely; you cannot become loneUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. some with three lively children

all the time. around bond The Heber J. Grant & Co., GENERAL AGENTS, Salt Lake City, Utah

family within as it: our group grew

(Continued on page 662) 660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

I J

Tools For Gospel Students and Teachers

-sssasK'

h,ese, w amazmg TOOTTnOIlS,

THESE AMAZING SOME SUGGESTIONS

MISSIONARIES FOR L.D.S. MORMONS HELPS HIGHWAY ROBERTSON By MARK By JOSEPH H. WESTON By EZRA L. MARLER

the fascinating volume In one informative with Written the express An purbook, symto utilis shown missionary how pathetically of meeting written missionary pose about of full ize the power. the packed needs Mormon -.<- *#%#* his so he may mind

full of than people as seen more. $J0 $|QQ it for his daily apply $|75 brief discus150 the through

profit. interest and eyes of a newspaperman. sions of Gospel topics.

,st0F Oil EASTERN (Catholf uIa chu,&a? BAPTISTS (Mormon) Communlcap'

Mambnrt ADVENTI5TS Mrt Communicant Communicant Statu United

. State. Communion*;*$ United M,m??? on >. Eitlmat* sm--—JJjforf W 8000 Adhoronf Stately btlmatad OR State. United UnitedWorld, -—40000 SUBJECTQUESTION—I,- $ world 'ooo 5oo fiStfWorld

opremely a Father apiya Eternal the tangible a having prrlon".. a.i ana r-r.Aa-d image gMt. eternal who., in infinite, body, tjiir >n at immortalized U ominfluence ''power Hi. are Godandwherechangeable.* t om...t i. * in*Ulb bo,iT orHe < therefor. form?"** ft "? Jv.:*,,": GodS?Without Pt."l J i ""beg.nnmj. S from S'Spirit "">i"perfect omnipotent and "d omnipotent.Apresent. COD person! | Eter-: Th< p.r.onag.s: distinct -subslaned Threespirit Three ana ChriH, Jesu. three Son Hia Ghosti"', P""?>d "">"being. COMI!"* spiritual The.. Gho.t. ofa Fathet.Holy anef Holyconfused.am. of purpo.. being ia a on. God. a. are and hrSnsi.t.II eternal the

- essence HOLY.—action and. nal"hGodhead'and r- poaSpirit-great. ejodnead; THETRINITY Holy the of member third w,.- bean powtr. Deity: I Christ—veryFuSernatu"Father:ating attribute,

Son: andof,..."... Father of tne ol will *>*, executing per.on. third Godhead,h. The (.opiriii. "&&&* God one, Cooncil. only and Supreme—

GHOST Bible TUBHOLY the W *J* ttJ..<. a..fat a. God believeof word truth, absolute the be correctly."to "Believe!.".d 1 to r.vel.t.ooe Vwo.l.l Worka Standard God', of the all contain, among place.ciptot... other no are HOLY Church. The*, man THEBIBLE as ws/t-sJ* lived Wethi. In Bate Father nWation. utirmb.Eternal our the—of pre.exi.teoc "d in l.pirit believe the - not d.enTalit, Jew.lived or ch. had T.ubttanc only earth (God) of body

life. thii immortal. DoChri.before

existence. previou. JpSEXtSTENCB no ha. He MAN OF from ChurchiW Other authority. Pnestbooi of.cs.lon ministry.

ajnat have adm to authority may toe within "S from by te.iored authority was rijfcwow. tM. thtoughcome, Smith. Nochurchesa."to'pimlf Apo.ta.ytolicdivinethisJoseph hy God with harmony in are FCCLESIA5T1CALAUTHORITY they i immersion

word. His I ""ifand en and.in.

twt Infanta only. immersion Byofadmini.tered believe first S. * express.. must candidates Rulon Howells which act The o died whoPf|.*"> other Savior, of the baptism Christ Accept immersion. n< la *"S by i',,:.. immersion, Only by condion church., salvation other'to of BytixedAcceptdonenrees.ary BAPTISM

baptismtions. T—...—,—oiHi. retaining tinlt (jod. A to,ry v desiring "rhriat UNIQUE CHART upon took voluntarily in/ of born nature',

n.sh: birth "*, b human takingwas virgin Godman.ihos in / virgin ot born.. Sprit,, onthe Chf Holy is Sta,Himselfih 15 (person) distinctive inches fea- a 20 by and man both.in. without Immaculate"conception Mary:GocL this ture foil of book* remarkable the organized Read Me

no, Gospel, rU, b/ La P His earth<X,.VJ.Pl. on christ whiledid believei Cchurch leading answers given 10 Christian by chuti a ONA CHURCHordidGANIZEWHILEEARTH churches questions doctrine. of 23 on

SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES HIS MANY Write for listing of books and special discount privileges $25

MANSIONS 2 See other Bookcrait ad on page 613BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

OCTOBER 1948 661 Pioneering Today

{Continued from page 660) never had the chance to grow while we lived in the city.

We were not as isolated as we It was surskiers Energy thoughtprising thewe wouldnumberbe.of Food Wore saw. On the average of everywe

ten days, a party would ski past.

Some would even stop in.

I found how relaxing living can be. I had never had time before

Many mothers make Royal to relax. There, secluded as we

Table Queen Bread an important were from all outside interferences, food for their children. It supplies I found time to enjoy the children,

vitamfns, iron and proteins my husband's company, books and which all children need in magazines, the scenery, and a real abundance. In every slice of rest every night. I found time to

get the Bread you Royal write. to even and good sew were We that value food substantial content than ever all more had we

day. every needs everyone

lives. in before our been

Then Henry had his work. He

made trips to the city every other week to sell various ornamental items he had made. At first he

traveled in the model A Ford we had then, but after the road was closed, he walked out of the canyon on snowshoes and then would catch a ride with a passing motorist to the city. I always hated to see him

go on those trips. His absence left

us entirely alone for two or three days at a time, but it was always a joy to have him return again and bring in our mail and the latest news.

The storms came, and the snow piled up higher and higher. At

last it reached its peak following a big storm during the first part of

March. Four feet, it was then. We

could walk on top of the snow and be above the window sills of the house. As we went out the back

door, we had to climb a stairway of snow. When I hung the washing out, I had to fold articles of

clothing two or three times over

L D. S. HEADQUARTERS the line to keep them from touching

IN PHOENIX the snow.

Then we began to notice signs of

MOTOR HOTEL spring's coming. temperature The Fk<$JOLLY/ freezing rose above during the dayBUREN 13 00 WEST VAN SWIMMING POOL FOR GUESTS ""

RESERVATIONS NECESSARY tIMELai grower*everywhere FOR WINTER i CORN time.us, weInbeganspite ofto thesee snowbuds allappearingaround

on the trees. In our kitchen, we

even had pussy willows on the table. spring Yes, way. on its wasDON'T LAG BEHIND at last, in for the first Then, time

many, many weeks, we heard a car

SUBSCRIBE TO AND READ come driving up the road. Our

snowbound days were over! We

had made it. Many people doubted

that we would stay in the canyon THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA throughout the winter. Others told children; they were the picture of a community at least during the

us later they were sure we would health. Three husky, rosycheeked winter months, so that the children

suffer from colds and even pneuyoungsters were what we showed can attend the neighborhood monia throughout those winter off to everyone when we made our school. We would hate to leave

months. first trip to the city. Not one of this place, though; this is our home.

us had had a sick day, not even a The thing we really hope for is

They were very wrong. We had cold, during those days we were that others will move up here and

spent one winter snowbound in the isolated. It was after we visited be our neighbors the year round.

suffered andcanyon no bad had lived ourselves besides others all.effects at the contrary, On here, to we thecold cityof thethatyear.we caught our first If country the be willing may

it. benefitedhad all by had We the the road throughout keep open

certainly accomplished the main It was a relief to have that exwinter. They might even provide

purpose for our moving up there perience behind us, though. Now us with a school bus, if necessary.

improving Henry's health. He had we can face winters with more asgained several pounds in weight, surance. We are the pioneers here now.

and his nerves had lost the tension Perhaps in ten or twenty years, of the previous summer. My health Perhaps it will be better when this canyon may be a thriving comhad improved, too. As for the the children grow older, to move to munity. We can only wait and see.

(Continued /rom page 623) SERVICE 10 YOUTH rector of the Travelers'Aid Society, where a daughter lived. Rather than vice president of the Utah Piobe idle, even though she was supThe Retiring Superintended)'neer Trails and Landmarks Associaposedly enjoying a vacation, she dition, in addition to other positions tendent in April 1937 when Elderrected a class for sewing among the Albert E. Bowen was called into the such as in the Salt Lake Chamber ofyoung girls, and in order to foster Commerce. Council of the Twelve. In every

culture, she organized the same position that Brother Morris has Brother Morris'experience in group into a singing class. Brother filled, he has earned the wholebusiness has been invaluable in his

Morris'father, Elias Morris, was a hearted cooperation of his cowork- management of the Mutual and of mason and general contractor and in ers. The Improvement Era. His keen

pioneer days established a business George Q. Morris was married in business sense has been the means

carried Elder has Morriswhich on the organization the keeping and 1905 to a most of Emma Ramsey,

Elias of Morrisin the name & Sons the safe side of the on magazine talented musician. three They have

Company. daughters, Marian, Helen, and ledger.

This respect for honest work has Margery, all of them gifted and Everyone who has worked with carried over into the association lovely. Brother Morris wishes him success

which Brother Morris has headed and happiness in his new assigneleven years.for the past He friends associates His and thought upperment. has been one has Only appreciation for theexpressed work as built surely in he has know that in Morris* Superintendent most

done by those who have worked unmind and that has been to advance his previous appointments, so he willder him—both for the Young Men's the cause of God and be of service build in this new one. As he has

and the Young Women's boards. to his children upon the earth. helped build lasting monuments in

The question has never enstone, so he is building lasting mon-

H'r is natureactivitiesas tohaveequipbeenhim offorsuchhis worktered wouldhis mindbe hardas totowhetheraccomplish,the umentswith whomin thehe haslivesworkedof theandpeoplewill new appointment. From 1904, when or require endless time and energy. work. They will miss his quiet

he was called to be superintendent There has been only one question drollery and his incisive judgment, of the Salt Lake Stake Y.M.M.I.A. he has ever asked, and that is, "Is but they will know that his service

until the present he has been active it the right thing to do?"If the still continues—for our Eternal Fain the organization of the Church. answer was in the affirmative, the ther and his children.

Prior to that time he served on a work was done.

threeyear mission to England, The amazing factor in all of where he officiated as president of Elder Morris'Church assignments Assistants to Elder Morris the London district for over a year. is that he has been willing to sac- 'T'he way of service in the Church

His activities have included such ofrifice so much time from his own is to act where called until refices as a member of the bishopric, a work in order to perform his assignleased, and continue to serve in bishop, a member of the stake presiments in the Church. He has held other positions to which one may be

dency, stake board member, general positions of trust and responsibility called. Brother Giles and Brother

board member, first assistant to the in the community in addition to his Hatch have evidenced this way general superintendent of the Y.M. professional work. He is president throughout their lives. They have

M.I. A., as well as general superand general manager of Elias Morserved in position after position in

intendent. He was called to the posris and Sons, chairman of the board the Church, and they will continue

ition of first assistant in January of directors of Prudential Federal to serve wherever they may be ap1935 and became general superinSavings and Loan Association, di- {Continued on page 664)

OCTOBER 1948 663 SERVICE TO YOUTH The Retiring Superintendency A GOOD MUSICIAN NEEDS A FINE (Continued from page 663) pointed. Their years of service in

the capacity of the superintendency INSTRUMENT of the Young Men's Mutual ImWhether you are a novice or a professional, provement Association commenced you can do your best only on an instrument in January 1946. During this time

and all of the years before in other of the best quality and workmanship. We

positions, Church they have been in highly recommend our PEDLER clarinets and valiant the cause of youth.

MARTIN brass instruments. You will be proud

to own one. Elder John D. Giles, first assistant superintendent under Brother

We also have a large variety of used instruGeorge Q. Morris, has been a memments completely overhauled and in excellent ber of the Y. M. M. I. A. general

condition as well as a complete stock of new board since 1929. For ten years of

that time he served as field repreaccessories, sheet music, both sacred and sentative for Scouts, Explorers, and secular, records, etc. Exclusive agents for

Men. For fifteen years before he STEINWAY and LESTER pianos. M was appointed to the general board,

Write for information and terms. Music and he served as superintendent of the

instruments sent on approval. Mail orders Y.M.M.LA. in Ensign Stake. Morefilled the same day received, postage prepaid. over, he has been associated with

the Scout work for all but the first

FIRST OF ALLRELIABILITY three years of its adoption in the

United States. He began his work

with the Scouts in 1913. In 1936, tines Brother Giles received the Silver D*5-47 a

MAIN STREET Co-. Beaver award "for outstanding

SALT tAKE CITY 1, UTAH service to boyhood."In 1944, he

received the thirtyyear veteran award. He also was influential in

making the M Men an important From the departmentService toin youngthe M.I.A.men has long

been uppermost in Brother Giles'mind, especially since he served both the Mutual and the Aaronic latter under the dior the Priesthood, the rection of the Presiding Bishopric. JJ

In October 1941, he was called to a mission in the Bureau of Informaloves it! tionYork,at andHill heCumorah,labored Palmyra,there for threeNew

years. A member of the American

Pioneer Trails Association, he has

If your baby is ready to gradbeen exceedingly busy as executive uate to the cup or glass, you'll secretary for many years. He has

be wise to keep him (or her) also been executive secretary for the on Special Morning Milk, the Utah Pioneer Trails and Landmarks milk you know is safe. Many Association, satisfying an urgent

doctors are advising this to desire those honor our who made 408 Pages nutritional practice. sound

Magnificently Illustrated reality. a growth crowning The You'll find loves it that baby

—either way! work of this position is undoubtedly

the monument that now overlooks JACOB HAMBLM

Buckskin Apostle the valley at the point where the pioneers first saw the land they were by PAUL BAILEY to call home.

"Here is biography of sweat and toil, bitterness oi love, despair, Giles Elder to married and was Una... all—of above oiandhope Fortunate Pratt, 20, 1906. have June They is possessor oi afaith.copy."a

—Sacramento Daily Bee. been blessed with four children.

PRESS WESTERNLORE Angeles 41 Sfrecied ham,ParleyLucilleGiles,GilesDorothyGardner,GilesandTopone P. O. Box 73 Los

son who died in his youth. MORNING MILK

664 e-69 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ulder Lorenzo H. Hatch, second

assistant superintendent to Elder

George Q. Morris and principal of

Granite High School in Salt LakeCity, has had an active life in UNSADDLE YOURSELF!

Church leadership. He began in the

Y. M. M. I. A. with a position as

teacher in Franklin Ward, Oneida

Stake, Idaho. In this same ward he

later became a member of the Sunday School superintendency. A

veteran of World War I, he has been concerned with civic questions and has affiliated himself with various civic organizations.

In his Church work he served as president of Granite Stake for ten years, being released from that position at the time he became a member of the general superintendency of the Y.M.M.I.A. It is interesting to

note that the newly appointed general superintendent, Elbert R. Curtis, served as stake clerk to PresiNO LONGER ANY NEED TO

dent Hatch and later became one of his counselors in the stake presi- "CARRY"MANY RUINOUS RISKSdency.

is risks of risks. landowner relieved with "saddled"these can you be NOW leadership entirely Brother Hatch's of control. out his Under Liability Special The Blanket Farmers Every—accidents

Scores of death and itl It of hazards—injury Policy applies does busimodem it Stake, of the Graniteof one was employees, livestock damage done by to ness just removing methods about and other and many commonfirst to stakes every have quorum every conceivable busihazard from your

costly in of thousands accidents—resultmachines ness. famous whereONE policy—forqualify the Priesthood Aaronic claims. lawsuits and ever the work about men nowland—brings finlandowner's The It is In other needed badlyStandard SECURITY. Award. a Quorum

security ancial is thispractical, sensible that plan thousands this too, stake, the threatened under fromways, many of investigated landowners have and capable leadership of Elder Hatch, sides. adopted. Get full details—it paysl

had advocated other programs which have proved effective in youth MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY!

leadership and have become part of the general youth program for youth GENERAL OF AMERICA COMPANIES Salt Lake City leadership. SuiteTELL ME4, Excelcisthe costBuilding,of the FARMERS8 West 2ndSPECIALSouth St.,BLANKETSalt LakePOLICY.City, UtahI understtand that

this inquiry does not obligate me in any way. Brother Hatch was married to Ina

Porter, June 20, 1917. They have My Name

four children: three sons, Wayne

L., Hyrum P., and Robert L and Mail Address

one daughter, Catherine.

Those who have worked with Phone these three men know without a providedNOTE: Thisby thisadvertisementplan. Only isthenotpolicyintendeditself asprovidesa completethis information,statement ofandcoveragewill be

shadow of a doubt of their fervent reviewed with you by the General Agent.

testimony and their earnest desire to act in any capacity to which they may be called under the direction of the priesthood. The blessings and DAIRY BARN EQUIPMENT

thanks of the membership of the Reliable manufacturer of cow stalls, IPSE for OVER FIFTY YEARS

Church as a whole go with Superinstanchions, litter carriers, hay carAids in treatment of Canker, simple tendents Morris, Giles, and Hatch riers,line ofwaterventilationbowls, desiresand completefarmers sore throat and other minor mouth in whatever positions they may hold to send in their requirements for and throat irritations.

in the Church. estimates. Over 30 years experience in equipping modern dairy

The Y.M.M.I.A. General Board barns. Agents wanted. Simplex Inc., Marshfield, Wisconsin, Dept. HALLSSalt Lake City,REMEDYUtah

"\17ith the release of the general superintendency the entire board is released. These board memTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA

bers have served faithfully and A Lifeline well. The gratitude of the Church 12 Issues $2.50

(Concluded on page 666) OCTOBER 1948 665 SERVICE TO YOUTH The Retiring Superintendency ST YOUR THBRMSm (Continued from, page 665)

O AND STILL SLASH goes with them into whatever work in the Church to which they may at 7275 YOUR HEATING BILL

BY be called.

Vi Those released are:

Are you concerned with exorAldon J. Anderson, Richard M.

bitant and everrising oil costs? Ball, M. Elmer Christensen, MerAre you worried about your oil rill D. Clayson, J. Spencer Cornsupply and family whether your wall, Roy M. Darley, Richard L. suffer to will have because of

lack of heat this winter? Do Evans, Floyed G. Eyre, Dr. Philo

you want automatic heat and T. Farnsworth, Doyle L. Green,

still fuel security have at less Dr. Wayne B. Hales, D. E. Hamcost than half the for oil or gas?

mond, Dr. George H. Hansen,

THEN INSTALL A WINKLER Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Charles J.

is Winkler Fully Automatic A your Hart, Creed Haymond, Werner best automatic a Winkler heat—forStoker A. Kiepe, Oscar Kirkham, Rock M. burns safest most dependable and betcoal—thefor

fuel—the most economical fuel by far. For low Kirkham, Axel A. Madsen, Frank

cost, automatic heating at its best you can W. McGhie, W. LeGrand MaxInstall depend on Winkler. a Winkler now and well, Mark H. Nichols, Dr. T. Earl erase fuel your shortages, worries about heating costs. Pardoe, Alma H. Pettigrew, Reed

Richards, Robinson, H. O. W. FULLY AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION StrinStanley Scott, Russon, Verl Only Winkler has the famous "InterPlan"

Transmission which has no shear pin—the gam A. Stevens, Dr. L. A. Stevenextra power drive which assures troublefree son, Dr. George Stewart, Clark N.

operation and long life. Arrange for a Winkler Stohl, Homer C. Warner, T. Frank

installation Stoker savings and let the now in fuel Stokers it. Winkler costs pay for are Williams, Elwood G. Winters.

available in hopper and selffeed models in EXTRA all sizes from small home models to industrial POWER units for large factories, apartments, etc SERVICE TO YOUTH from Winkler Phone us today and arrange for a demonstra- "Interplan Drive"tion and free heating survey. The Newly Appointed

See your local dealer or write the

Superintendency A. RAY CURTIS COMPANY

2211 Highland Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah {Continued from page 622)

Intermountain Distributors "pARLY positions held in the Church were secretary of a ward M.I.A.

and superintendent of a ward Sunday School. At the age of twenty

he was called on a mission to Great

Britain, during which time he served

BEAUTIFUL for twentytwo months as mission secretary, working under President

George Albert Smith, Orson F. SPINETTE PIANOS Whitney, and President David O.

MASON & HAMLIN—CffiCKERING—WURLITZER McKay. In this position he also

served as editor of the Millennial

Star, mission publication. The trainIn finishes and models to suit every ing he received under these men

taste. If you cannot come in to one proved invaluable in later stake and

of our stores write in for descriptive mission work.

His first stake position was that catalogue. of superintendent of Sunday

Schools in Cottonwood stake. Later

he became a member of the stake

Please send me literature on a (Spinette)—(Grand). high council. For several years he

Name - served as clerk of the Granite Stake

Address before being made a member of the

Granite Stake presidency.

In 1941, Elder Curtis was called Bros. Glen Music Co.

Est. 1907 SALT LAKE OGDEN to preside over the Western States

Mission, and remained in that position until 1945. On returning home

(Continued on page 668) 666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOK NEWS! 194849 MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD TEXTBOOKS are to be the famous, authentic

DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH

Volumes 2 and 3 Order now and add another valuable volume to this great set while it is available at the very low price of $1.75

Study Guide to Volume 2—35c

DESERET BOOK COMPANY Publishers for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send me... copies oi Vol. 2 DOCUMENTARY HISTORY OF THE CHURCH at $1.75 per copy,

STUDY GUIDES... copies at 35c per copy. Total herewith $. (Add 2% sales tax in Utah.)

Send to Name Address

OCTOBER 1948 667.

Here's Your SERVICE TO YOUTH very humble about this new apCHECK CHART for The Newly Appointed pointment.been in businessBrothermostCurtis,of hiswholife,hasis

already making preparation to arfine MUFFINS Superintendency range his affairs so he can give what (Continued from page 666) time is needed to his new responhe served as secretary of the Melsibilities.

chizedek Priesthood committee of the Church. a later became He Assistants to Elder Curtis

of the of the presidency v 1 1 **... ** member

Sugarhouse Stake, and at the time A Walter Stevenson of Ogden of his new appointment is serving as * and Ralph W. Hardy of Salt

president of that stake. Lake City, assistants to Elbert R.

Elder Curtis was married to LuCurtis in the general superintendceal R. Curtis in the Salt Lake Temency of the Y.M.M.I.A., come to

ple in June 1924. They have three their new positions from years of

children, Bruce R Kathryn, and service to the Church. Both have

Luceal Jean. Bruce is now serving filled numerous callings in the

in the mission field where his father Church, including missions to Great

Britain, both have outstanding recfirst labored—Great Britain.

Sister Curtis is the daughter of ords in community service, and both y<W on every count when you Samuel Rockwood and Esther Larhave succeeded eminently in their bake the Clabber Girl way with son. Her grandfather, Albert Perry chosen fields.

their of the time appointment, At served as a of Rockwood, member Girl, the powder; baking Clabber

is first Elder counselor Stevenson First of Council of the.. the Seventy action double balanced with in the presidency, Stake Mt. Ogden the the first Church, also and was Knows. Mother, She Ask Elder Utah, Ogden, and Hardy is of the state prison. warden Utah

bishop of the East Ensign Ward.

Sister Curtis attended the East Ensign Stake, Salt Lake City.

School University High of and the Elder Stevenson, serve who willCLABBER GIRL City. Utah in Salt Lake She studied first assistant as of activiin charge

dramatic art and elocution under ties, was born in Ogden, October 6,

Maude May Babcock and has been 1900, the son of Alfred and Merrifor prominent '87 P a as many years bel Bramwell Stevenson. He is a

finarts dramatic performer. After graduate of the Weber Junior Colishing her training at the University

lege. the he many positions AmongbJesleymEkSSIy of Utah, she taught school for two

are: presiin the has held Church The Finest in Pianos years and has also acted as a prident of his ward deacons and teachvate instructor in elocution and draers quorums; Sunday School teachMASON & HAMLIN arts. matic

KNABE Sister Curtis has also been active er;19211923;missionaryhometomissionary,Great Britain,1923EVERETT

CABLENELSON in the Church from an early age, 1924; member of two Sunday

JESSE FRENCH having served as a teacher in the School superintendencies; member

Primary, Sunday School, and of a stake Sunday School board;

M. I. A., a counselor in a ward first counselor (19341937) and

M.I.A., president of the Y.W.M.I.A. bishop in the Ogden Twelfth Ward

of Holladay Ward for four years, bishopric; second counselor to Presmember of a stake Mutual board, ident William H. Reeder in the Mt.

and member of a stake Primary Ogden Stake presidency, 193941;

board. In the mission field she was first counselor to President Earl S.

president of the Relief Society orPaul, Mt. Ogden Stake, 1941 to the

ganization, with some fiftyfive orpresent. He is a former member of

ganized groups under her direction. the Explorer advancement commitAlong with May Green Hinckley tee of the Ogden Gateway Council,

Utah's Most Complete Sheet Music and others she helped organize the Boy Scouts of America. He is a

Department Gleaner Girl program for the member and past president of the

We Specialize in Church, having first helped to orRotary Club; member of the Cham-

I. A. Gleaner ber of Commerce; chairman of the CHURCH MUSIC ganize the first M.

CHORAL MUSIC group in the Church in the Sugarlocal Red Cross; member and past house Ward of the Granite Stake. president of the Executives AssociaSACRED MUSIC FOR Those who know Brother and tion in Ogden; a district governor

EVERY OCCASION Sister Curtis intimately say they of the Rocky Mountain region, NaBEESLEY MUSIC COMPANY have always worked together as a tional Stationers Association.

70 South Main St. splendid team, and have turned Elder Stevenson was married to

Salt Lake City, Utah down no opportunity to serve the Effie Peck of Ogden in the Salt Lake -- Lord. They are both happy, yet Temple in 1925. They are the par668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ents of four children: Mitzi, 22;

Patricia, 19; Geraldine, 17; and

Walter Peck, 9. Mitzi is a graduate

of Brigham, Young University and is now working in her father's business. Patricia is a sophomore at the

Utah State Agricultural College,

Logan. Geraldine is a senior at the

Ogden High School where she is president of the girls'association.

Walter is attending grade school.

Sister Stevenson is the daughter of Leo and Adeline Benson Peck and a cousin of Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the Twelve. She

has been active most of her life in the M.I.A., Primary, and Sunday

School organizations. Her father

was, for many years, a bishop at

Holbrook, Idaho.

Clder Ralph W. Hardy will

serve as second assistant in charge of manual work. He was

born on May 6, 1916, in Salt Lake

City, the son of John Kay and Clare Williams Hardy. He is a greatgrandson of President John R.

Winder who served as a counselor in the First Presidency under President Joseph F. Smith. In 1939 he

married Maren Eccles, the daughter of Royal and Cleone Rich Eccles of

Ogden. Four children, one boy and

three girls, have been born to bless this union. They are: Ralph, Jr.,

iy2 \ Claire, 5M; Alison, 3; and

Maren 1.

In his early youth Elder Hardy served as an officer of his Aaronic BUSINESS TRAININGPriesthood quorums and was active in the Sunday School and M.I.A. Stepping Stone to a Better Careerorganizations. He has been a Sunday School teacher for many years. Build a firm foundation for a successful busiHe is a Life Scout, still passing ness or civil service career with a thorough

merit badges, and hopes soon to fill training that will bring you new opportunities.

his Eagle requirements. He is a Modern methods and highly qualified instrucMaster M Man, having received tors will help you achieve success.

this award in 1937.

Elder Hardy spent the first two Complete courses are now being offered in:

months of his mission to Great Accounting Stenography

Britain, 193537, in the London district. He was then appointed to a General Office Work

special assignment and spent the New students may enroll at any time.

remainder of his mission traveling Phone or write for full information about day or evening classes.

to many parts of the British Isles giving lectures on the Book of

Mormon. Upon returning home, L. D. S. Business College

Elder Hardy became a guide on 70 North Main Tel. 3-2765 Salt Lake City

Temple Square and has been serving the Church in this capacity ever since, directing on an average of three companies a week around Read The Fort on The Firing Line in this and succeeding Temple Square.

(Concluded on page 670) issues of The Improvement Era

OCTOBER 1948 669 SERVICE TO YOUTH JtUL The Newly Appointed Superintendency

[Concluded from page 669) the advisory council of the Salt LakeDESERET When the Ensign Ward was Chamber of Commerce and a memdivided on February 11, 1941, he ber of the Home Service Committee was named second counselor in the of the Salt Lake County Red Cross.NEWS bishopric of the East Ensign Ward, In 1945 he was awarded the Junior

On December 1, 1942, he became Chamber of Commerce distinPRESS bishop and was at the time of his guished service award, having been appointment one of the youngest selected the city's outstanding bishops in the Church. Elder Hardy young man of the year.

was employed by radio station KSL Sister Hardy is a descendant of

COMMERCIAL soon after returning from his mistwo wellknown Utah pioneers.

in charge of public affairs. He is Eccles and a greatgranddaughter AND EDITION sion and is now executive assistant She is a granddaughter of David

also head of the Public Relations of Charles C. Rich. She has been

PRINTERS AND Division of the Salt Lake County an active Church goer all her life

BOOK BINDERS theCommunityUtah SocietyChest,ofvicethe presidentSons of theof inandthehasPrimaryspent andmanyMutualyears Improveteaching

PAPER RULING American Revolution, a member of ment Associations.

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN [Continued from page 647) money they can make out of it. Such a

owned by private persons engaged in a change would be a big backward step. If

\-rofe55iovial business that tends to make drinkers less we must have liquor, let the state dispense moral and less law abiding, liquor comit, not private individuals, but under strict and 2)octal monlyits manybeingmanifestations.a factor leadingThe tolesscrimeliquorin regulationshood of dishonestythat willandeliminatecorruption.the Inlikelithe

consumed and the fewer the drinkers, the light of recent events, apparently some

J)tatlUoner less immorality and crime. With law enadditional regulations of this character are

forcement officers this is a wellknown needed.

truism. 3. The fact that current liquor laws are Labor and Liquor

Federation of Labor held29 RICHARDS STREET violated is no sound reason for removing HPhe Utah restrictions and regulations that govern the its annual convention in August at sale and drinking of liquor. Shall laws Ogden. According to press and radio

the sale of liquor be forbidding to minors reports, the convention adopted a numPHONE 4-5521

Shall violated? are repealed they because resolutions, ber of which among was

theft, burglary, of crimes laws making asking the legislature one to legalize larceny, and murder, be repealed because they are broken? Such an argument would the sale of liquor by the drink. To us

logically require the repeal of all laws it would have seemed far more apPROFITABLE DAYS governing human conduct. The fear of propriate and logical, because greatly

AHEAD FOR punishmentrents to wrongdoing.is one of the strongest deterwellmore asbeneficialall othersto ) laboring, if the peopleconvention(as

4. Another reason for opposition to sale had gone on record with a demand that

it is bring that the drink the back would by legislature the intensive provide for an QUISH it in as every to saloon has Utah, done total abstiof for education campaign GRADUATES restate. of the license advocates And If nence. abstinence alcoholic from Capitalize on QUISH

in of the peal 1933 Eighteenth Amendment You'll training a now! be in existed beverages workingevery competent beauticianwhen that the never saloon be promised would

prograduated. vivid QUISH man's could imagination a home,

return promise to to allowed technical with vides you America—a picture this hardly better anything than skill gained knowledge and states. in license not kept want Utahns Do ENROLL in 24 years. FOR SEND for the peace, harmony, and of good saloon the saloon? has always been The NOW TODAY! FREE CATALOG that liquor drinkcurse home. of The it in politics local is permitted the where

SCHOOL OF to exist—a subtle, corrupting influence in ing generally strikes harder in the

ofelse- laboring than law enforcement homes of people government BERUTV among CULTURE 33B, SOUTH MAIN life It the moral ficers and in of the comis strange where. underand past

munity. No person who knows anything standing that representatives of these

about the ways of the underworld in Amerpeople should favor a condition that statetruthfully factual ica these can deny in their result drinking would more HOTEL LANKERSHIM ments. 7th & BROADWAY less. rather drink than Sale by the

5. relative in liquor Conditions to Utah RATES MODERATE as figures condition, such would a be S. Headquarters in Los ideal, Anode are those not acquainted with say

Operator R. WISHON. L. D.FRANK If in article the preceding show. you the situation. H. Manaoer changes needed should BECKETT. The RAY

bless help it to avoid a home, want to that will tighten but up be made—those LOS ANGELES

friends drink. labor leaders of Are retailing state loosen up. But by the "TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"not

must not be turned over to private licensed their men when they resolute to the vendors—persons in the business for the contrary?

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...

VL Wontk Wltk CHURCH PUBLICATIONS WuRLlIZER PRESENTS THE FIRST COMThe Children's Friend.. PLETE LINE OF ELECTRONIC

ORGANS IN HISTORY.rT,HE October issue of The Children's

Friend is the Home Builder numFOUR GREAT INSTRUMENTS ber—of special interest to girls. Some THAT SPAN THE ORGAN MARof the titles of the features "will indiKET FROM THE LARGE CHURCH

cate the interest that lies in the magaTO THE SMALLEST HOME....

zine: "A Hat for Hepsy"by Estelle

Webb Thomas, "The Halloween Joke"ALL FEATURING THE SAME GLORIOUS. TRADITIONAL FINE

by Sara O. Moss, "The Kanga Goo"ORGAN TONE

by Glen W. Perrins, "Let's Watch Wurlitzer Organ Prices Now Begin At $1,150.00 North by Grace MonWhat We Say"Arrange For A Demonstration NOW! Prettiest Girl infort, "The by Town"

Mary Grant Judd. In addition the regular features, such as the pictures foryoung people to cut out and color, the SUMMERHAYS17 W. FIRST SOUTH MUSIC COMPANYSALT LAKE CITYbooks—this month dealing with Ernest POCATELLO. IDA. PROVO. UTAH IDAHO FALLS, IDA.

Thompson Seton, written by Abbie H. FORD MUSIC CO. PROVO MUSIC CO. SOMERS MUSIC CO.

Wells; "Fun with Music"by J. Spencer Cornwall; and "We Listen to the

Radio"will all add zest to this special issue. "A survey by Mountain for feature parents The special is States Telephone & Telewritten the Children,""Training by graph estimate* Company

Joseph L. Wirthlin. thatpopulationUtah ofwill800.000have bya BIBLES 1950, and Salt Lake City

will increase to 360,000.

This growth is based The Relief Society Magazine.. largelydevelopmenton moreof ourextensivenatural

HPhe October Relief Society Magagrowing."resources. Let's keep

zine features a story, "Curtain

Call,"by Maryhale Woolsey in addition to several articles that should prove of value. One is titled "Braided KING JAMES VERSION

Rugs Are Beautiful"and was written There's one to meet almost every by Delma Peterson. The poetry boasts Bible need of young or old—student

the names of many gifted writers: or teacher. Look for the National

Beatrice K. Ekman, whose poem betrade-mark before you buy. It idenfrontispiece, the Gracecomes M.—tifiesor toa bookget. you can be proud to give Fjelsted,Candland, Marijane Evelyn

Morris, Mabel J. Gabbott, Caroline E. SINCE 1863 AT YOUR BOOKSTORE

Miner, Marvin Jones, and Dorothy J.

for material lessonRoberts. The Jan- s METAL MINING INDUSTRY OF UTAH in the of this issue appearsuary also

magazine. Watch for The cover features the Salt Lake

Temple at night and is from a photo-

...graph by Warren Lee. BAPTISM FOR THE WE OffER A COMPLETE

The Instructor.. DEAD ENGRAVING SERVICE

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest 'T'he Instructor for October is full of Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention material for those interested in IN ANCIENT TIMES

CO. ENGRAVING UTAH features School. usualSunday The

St. Salt Lake City, Utah

including the lesson materialabound, By Hugh Nibley. Ph.D. 113 Regent

for December meetings. The Sunday

School will present two special proconjoint during thegrams December; Public Speaking for the ofmeeting evening December theory fundamentals Learn at and In a Coming Issue homeexneIn SDare Then the session5, and School of Sunday rlence adacquireSend nameactual andtime.practice. and

for interesting booklet. dress "Power ofChristmas week. board The general Preobligation. Speech."freeNo

for especially to unable those of Effectivepared ofthe Deseret School Union Sunday public In lessons personal take speaking. suggestionsmakes for each program in 1397 Dept. SCHOOL, AMERICAN

issue.the October III. S, Ave., Chicago The Improvement Era 13 ISNORTH So. Michigan

OCTOBER 1948 671 0WL

"SPEAK THE SPEECH"Albert R. Lyman, the author of The Fort on the Firing

*** into his Line, in in mother's southern went arms Utah tie the into that words use of two have September we eighties Bluff, lived the in his fort at during the and Utah, IN is title of the M.I.A. affectionate M.I.A. program. The early childhood. of rode the eleven the from range age He

lies in difficulty The abuse do how we until nineteen, at time he to England he which Mutual—and was went

is to tendency sound. tu of the make pronunciation the it!The mission he on remained a where it chew—and certainly we don't want to have to eat our for a year and a half. In 1902, he

nature. exists in the The word sound words! same The Perkins. In Ellen married Mary

that the to closely tied vowel slight value has a ch sound first settlers the 1905, they were is tu, instance, grouping, mu, the for in follows; Mutual, Blanding, to Utah. Lymans The

uru're, the in al with a the words u, the as pronounced with fifteen children, fortyeight have falls accent account. on in the as The word pronounced grandchildren, greatand two

is to consider syllable. other need word the first we The grandchildren.

the manual. There are three syllables in this word: man, Elder Lyman's Church work has

Like unite, al, in as in account a u, as in add, a is varied Mutual, been and interesting. He

first syllable. this the carries the M.C.J. accent on word the of superintendent was stake

Y.M.M.I.A. in San Juan Stake for

three years. At that time the stake

Firth, Idaho stretched over six hundred miles

August 13, 1948 into Colorado, New Mexico, and called the Utah. to San was He Editors: Dear

in stake presidency 1909 Juan and to the relay word you have to and to you like say would office held the for of counselor alltime I opinion, an reached in you that, R. my Fea H. years. twentyseven past The in Is Year"Another published "Tomorrow high you when eight years the has stake he been R. ALBERT LYMAN August. for the Era to years Juan. Four San it patriarch find in I I read. ever little story have biggest is It the his he special called a mission to and the wife ago were on to present be time seem the of people the that everything of last Navajos Utah, Arizona, Mexico, the and two New rushing here rushing and race, restless a are missing. We years of at Blanding, served actually has which he Utah, the purpose missing but wars making and burning there, gas helping in teach addition the to doing missionary Navajos security the all earth it in and the good life. found Kathie of them. work among

arms. man's of a good interests vocational His of scope. have been In wide that could told, not word with is one beautifully story The riding to the range, at has times various been he a I omitted. been that should have spared, not one be hope additionfarmer, storekeeper, a schoolteacher, a logger, a seminary a pen. the same from there be many may fact, teacher. In in tent, 1908, taught in school he the a Sincerely,

all available place for only the In school. of activithese Just Reid Agnes ties thrilling he times has with the had Indians, about many

whom he writes so knowingly.

Durango, Colorado -& Dear Editors:

HAVE just finished reading the story, "Ye Who Are Called

I to Labor,"by Juanita Brooks, which was most interesting.

I particularly enjoyed it as I am a descendant of Thales

Haskell, mentioned in the story.

Sincerely yours, Leland H. Barton

Auckland C.L., New Zealand

Dear Editors:

have just finished reading the adaptation from Elder Ben-

I son's speech, "Survival of the American Way of Life,"in the June 1948 edition of The Improvement Era. In my

opinion it could be very profitably read by advocates of any other presentday system than that of free enterprise.

At a time when reports are many and varied as to those who would replace that system, it is certainly most heartencontinue leaders at home Church that our to realize ing to Missionaries attended Conference who at Oslo (Norway) 3, on April insured of free agency, right by our District our Godgiven President support right, & 5, 7948, with second from Ray Ingebretsen back4,

Constitution. row.

This is another of the many appreciable messages that -$> make the Era so valuable. old the miser into office, local The stomped doctor's Your brother,

floor his the cane, with old and wheezed: "You're an

I Glen A. Horspool poundedfraud! cold, in for 1904 came to you a charged and you me

three dollars."

U. S. S. Franklin D. Roosevelt "I"Curedcured me!"you, didn'tstormedI?"theaskedformerthe doctor.patient. "Look at me!

Editors: Dear

to inform new address you this letter of my writing you am I'm sneezing again."—Boiling Beam

splendid work. I have on your I congratulate you also to and

quite time for and have some Era Improvement read The little girl proudly her was showing playmates her A new doing are I wonderful a believe it you much. very enjoyed

home. is out, welcomed which magazine good such a sending job by

is "This daddy's den,"said. she my "Does your daddy nonmembers. and members both by have a den?"

I you! thank

the all answer, just "he "No,"growls was the over house."yours, Sincerely

C. D. Hallstrom—Woodmen of the World Magazine

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

""il lllliMiiriiaiVr——-

In all Christian lands the church is held to be—along with the

greatest factor in shaping the course family and the school—the

and conduct of our lives. What better reason, therefore, than to

build with brick... the very symbol of strength and beauty.

For brick is made from the imperishable materials of the earth..

endowed by nature with unfading color and uncommon strength.

It is easy to work with for both the builder and the architect...

and in the years ahead becomes a neverending source of pride to those whose efforts planned and built a house of worship.

Interstate Brick Co, 3100 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY

QUIET GRANDEUR

A lone Indian astride his steed --a barren rock carved by

nature's hand - - they stand etched in silent splendor against

the horizon of plain and plateau.

Prudent man knows how quickly tranquillity may change,

and he prepares for the future while he is able. He protects

his family with adequate life insurance today,

IP

IMSWaA ffiKfl volume si.;. mmm:-

ERA'George Albert Srmth, rre. Salt Lake City, Utah THE IMPROVEMENT

;. RETURN. PCSTAES;\syAAfifEP'

SALT LAK C,