Independence Rock, Wyoming, on the Old Mormon

Trail, Sweetwater River in Foreground -*--*--- *m +m

The Sun

Never Sets On Our Depositors

serve thousands of \\7 E depositors in all parts of the world. In the intermountain country alone our

service has satisfied three generations.

This Is the Place for Your Reserves

Have your money where you can get it when you want it. We pay 4% compounded

semiannually.

Condensed Report of Condition

Total Cash and Liquid Assets $ 6,246,197.26

Total Deposits 13,444,575.35

Total Resources 15,396,252.83

OFFICERS

Heber J. Grant, President George S. Spencer, Cashier

Anthony W. Ivins, VicePresident Willard R. Smith, Asst, Cashier

John F. Bennett, VicePresident William McEwan, Asst. Cashier

rlace IRION'SSavingsBank & Trust Company 3 on South Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

fc *m ** f w

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 657

FOREC AlCD

of the Smith, Fielding Joseph The Improvemeet Era of Twelve,Council and a "special witness"for Christ, has given us Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley

an article under the title, "The Business Manager Associate Business Manager

Historicity of Jesus."In it he George Q. Morris

enlarges upon the points advanced Rachel Grant Taylor in the excellent article under the Chairmen Finance and Publications same title which appeared in a recent issue. Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement

i i i Associations and the Department of Education of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints "A Chateau in Normandy."

Under this caption the Era has a charming story from the pen of CONTENTS

Lucile T. Carlisle, which will apTitle Paoe

pear in the September number. Excerpts from Addresses of First Presidency 659

Mrs. Carlisle has written for our Poetry 663

local magazines before, and is AspenMidsummer in a Mountain Meadow Grace InglesMark FrostHart known as a talented writer. Penetration Nina Brinkerhoff

The Lighthouse Adele Skov The Rain Georgina Eakins Horsley at the Bradbury Lavenia Prayer Summit A July celebration held The

Cleaves Clive I Built Lovett for a House Hope Rock, at IndependenceFourth

Serial Expatriation. 664 J. Cannon Story Hugh A national attractedWyoming, Festival 666 HiveJunior atBee

tention. An interesting account of A Spiritual Philosophy of Life Dean Milton Bennion 669

the event from the pen of John The Flag L. D. Stearns 67

672 Weir For? Thomas Sunday What next in our Giles will be foundD. Prof. 674 Frank R. Arnold Grand Canyon Road On theis

is as this spotissue. Prominent Evans 677 American Henry Prophet Smith, John Modern Joseph toA the

in the history of the Oregon trail, Be Fruitful and Multiply Joseph S. Peery 679

J. 680 Percy Goddard Abominableit to the Lattereven more means Creeds—II 682 Senses. Hartman Townsend to Her A Story-.F7orence of a our Saints, for numberday

, of 684 Gathering Youth NellieA CentennialSue Comes lie the in buried membersChurch 686 Bateman LeRoy Love vicinity. Wellillustrated as it is Onward with Mormon Ideals

this article will be a worthwhile Carry On L. Verl Broadbent 687

687 Lamoreaux C. Challenge Warwick Thefeature. 688 Burt Maurine Home

i i i Sabine James Introduction 689 of Pres. Heber J. Grant Are you reading "Joseph Smith, Theology and Evolution -. from the Historical Point of P.ViewJoseph Jensen 690

A Modern American Prophet,"the What Should be Taught 692 second chapter of which appears in Boy Scout Dramas the current number? This story Snow Bound.Preston W. Pond 693

694 Brown Rather Moore Feed Fight Them Minnie Than Them is Evans so Henry told by John Stella Story Rich 696 a Mysterious In P. Way. A is introduced graphically that one Margaret, 698 C. Moloney of the Signs Times

into the heart and mind of the The Life Story of Brigham Young, 699 oppressed youth in a manner not The Aims and End of Education Dr. H. M. Woodward 700

70 C. Moloney Irene Throws a Boomerang. A Story Margaret of our usually had by readers Peterson Dr. E. 702 of the G. Love Land people history. Young Church Plants 702 of Yellowing

as well as adults will find it inPriesthood Quorums 703 teresting and faithpromoting readGrowth Through Attention to Duty.

a Necessity Activity in Summer. Spiritual ing.

Harvest Season and Tithing. The

f i 1 Mutual Work 705 Department Executive is in having fortunate The Era 7 Department 70 M MenGleaners a secured L. Goddard Fred from Girls 708 Department Junior

series of articles about the "come Bee Hive Girls Department 71 back land"of Hawaii. The author Lamondi Lodge 709

is a member of the Church who Cheer and Trust to Face Adversity Wm. M. Waddoups 714

has spent several years in those A Dangerous Door 720 delightful islands. Subsequently

Office, secondclass City, Satt matter. Utah, as at Lake the Post Entered he delivered a number of radio

special postage for in section provided at rate of mailing for Acceptance 1103, talks on the subject from a Los Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

Angeles station. These created Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are consuch interest that he was induced sidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

to prepare them for publication. requested, will be destroyed.

They are well written in an orPublished monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. 1. A. General Board.s,

iginal and colorful style and will $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

be profusely illustrated.

658 The Improvement Era for August, 1930 *> n*i *! iii - *. *>,

1 The Brick Man says:—

"The reputation of more than one building contractor has been damaged through the use of cheap and inferior building materials."

A building is no better than the materials from which it is made and it pays to use the best.

It has always been the desire of

The Salt Lake Pressed Brick Company to manufacture only products of the highest quality, among which are the following:

Common, Face, Mantel, Fire Brick and Vitrified Paving Brick,

Hollow Building Blocks, Drain Tile, Sewer Pipe, Wall Coping,

Meter Boxes and Septic Tanks.

It is pure and simple economy to use the best and the best materials cost little more rthan inferior ones.

We would be glad to quote you on your requirements.

THE SALT LAKE

PRESSED BRICK CO.

319 Kearns Building Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone Was. 951

THE IMPROVEMENT3E ERA

Excerpts from Addresses made at by First Presidency une onierenceConf j Responsibility Resting on Youth of Church to

Uphold Ideals, Spread Gospel Truths, Honor and Obey the Law.

is a law in our state that PRESIDENT HEBER J. result in their downfall because of rF HERE

GRANT theing picturesnature, notI commendbeing of aneachupliftand ettes,minorsand theshallmajoritynot smokeof ourcigarchil-

WISH to extend to the Presallin yourof youhome,to havethat thatyourmagazinechildren drenand towhoourare goingstate universityto high schoolare

I Mutualidencies Improvementof the Young AssociLadies canhandshaveonitit,whereas it istheycalculatedcan put intheirits minors,lutely thatandsomeyet weof thoseknowminorsabsoations throughout the world, and nature to implant in their hearts a are smoking cigarettes on the streets the superintendencies of Young knowledge of the Gospel of Jesus of our city. In the future I shall

Men's organizations of all the Christ. consider it my duty and the duty

stakes together with the presidenof every person who made this cies of the various ward associa- (\UR fathers and mothers came pledge at our meeting, although tions of the Young Men and here for no other purpose than it is a disagreeable task, to complain

Young Ladies my sincere thanks as to serve the Lord and to spread the against those who are under age the editor of the Improvement Era Gospel abroad, and I feel that there and smoking. It is simply frightfor the wonderful way in which is a lack of interest in his own famful, with our wide streets, that we

they have inspired the people to ily on the part of the man who are having more accidents than alsubscribe for this magazine. It is does not try to have in his home most any other city in the United

little less than wonderful since the such literature and such informaStates, and it is due to the reckless

Journal lead them in that straight and narprohibition law. I would thank—thecombinationYoungof Woman'sthe two magazines tion as will benefit his children and driving and the breaking of the

the support row path which leads to life eterthe Lord from the bottom of myand the Era—to note

that has been given the new magnal. heart if the judges of Utah would

azine, the Improvement Era, and In the first meeting of this consend such men to the penitentiary

I hope that all concerned will conference of the Mutual Improvement instead of giving them light fines.

tinue the good work. Association we adopted and It would be one of the greatest aids

I am thoroughly convinced that pledged ourselves to carry out the in breaking up this killing of peoone of the finest things that can following four items: ple if every time a person under the

happen in any home is to have the "To study and know the laws influence of liquor is guilty of drivImprovement Era come there once regulating tobacco, liquor and ing fast, when an accident happens a month. It is full of splendid safety."and people are injured, he could

articles, uplifting in their nature The next item is: "That we get a year behind the bars.

and for the benefit of your chilobserve these laws ourselves."I

dren. And instead of spending propose to do it. T\7E are very anxious that our

** children intellecshall cooperate grow on a do we will "That of youyour who money—those

tually, physically morally. strict these laws."and of enforcement in your this magazine not have

to greatest the all benefactor will children do 'That we can to Perhaps allowing your wehomes—in

is at time the present to others the same."mankind that migb r get do shows to go to picture

660 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

Thomas A. Edison- I stood on pray God to bless you one and all

a mountain behind Hollywood one and every honest hearted soul upon night some time ago and saw the J. Y Cobb is given the credit for the face of the earth, and I do it

being the greatest baseball playerelectric a distance for lights blazing of Jesus, our Rein the name in his day. has too become He miles, of theof twentyfive one old deemer. Amen. to baseball, play think now and I

in splendid evening sightsmost an has released. been other Among

seen,that ever all of I have and it things says: he

much "Too cannot be said PRESIDENT ANTHONY W. to the genius of A.due Thomas

Edison, who wrote in a letter to againsting. ItthestupiResevils of thecigarettebrain,smoksaps IVINS

Ford:Henry vitality, undermines health, one's

injurious agent in cigarettes fiber "The and lessens of the is now more than fifty years the moralcomes principally from the burning paper man. No boy who hopes to be ITsince the first Mutual Improvewrapper. successful in thereby any line The substance formed afford can to ment Association was organis It called 'Acrolein.'violent is contract a has a that habit so detriaction on the nerve centers, producing mental to his physical and moral ized in the Church. There have

degeneration of the cells of the brain, development. been other associations formed for

which is quite rapid among boys. Un- "The alert brain, the strong somewhat similar purposes, but

body,like most narcotics, the this degeneration is necand stamina moral during the early days of pioneering essarypermanent and uncontrollable. for success the in of any line

"I employ no person who smokes endeavor ate weakened and\ desthere had been very little time to cigarettes. troyed by the cigarette habit; and devote to the cultivation of the

"Yours, young men should realize its disliterary and artistic tastes of the

It a time of was "Thos. A. Edison."astrous effects."—Pres. Heber J. Grant work,young people.a period colonization, of

"CATHERS and mothers, rewhen the Church was reaching out member that cigarettes degennorth and south, establishing new erate the brain in an uncontrollable of tongues in our Church, and I settlements in remote regions.

manner, and that the degeneration stand here today as a living witness

One thing, however, never wasis before in gift that the of permanent you your boys by when neglected. a Wherever of colony cigarettes.they tongues to for wife smoke whose body my And Latterday Saints their pitched lies in grave,heaven's the sake least at promised keep your I was

girls it. lift live that I to should only doing from up Not my establishmenttents their firstof endeavora school. wasTherethe it it voice in indoes lands their destroy brains and but many many

a thirst was for knowledge. Boys restorationdestroys the proclaiming the Godgiven power to climes,

girls and seeking were after truth. to the earthbring forth of the of the Gospel sons and daughters They wanted to know somethinginto this world. Lord Jesus Christ. Subsequent

of the world, its history, its peo- J. article to Pack, Dr. Fred operated that I was for in an upon

ple, its achievements. Scientific appendicitis in thepublished before I and Temperhad ever

ance Journal, says: lifted up my voice in any foreign Associations were organized in

"A total of 210 men contested for poland. Eight out of nine doctors many different localities, some

sitions on the first teams."(That is in said I had to die. One of them called literary associations or sofootball) cieties, the nonsmokers "Of 65.8 some debating clubs, some per said to President F. Smith, Joseph

cent successful. were dramatic associations, all having at present operation: the was who the smokers "Of only 33.3 per cent in a general idea way the same in to Smith, "Mr. need successful."were not you do

think of such a possibility as this view. It was for the development

It lacks only oneeighth of one man recovering. If he recovered of these associations, if I rememper cent of being one hundred per it would be a miracle, and this is ber correctly, that the idea of bringcent more nonsmokers than smoknot the day of miracles."ing all these various organizations

ers who obtained positions on the I did recover, notwithstanding and clubs and societies under one football team. Thank fortune we the fact that it was announced organization was suggested, where

have a man at the head of our athblood poisoning in the third and these desires, these various tastes, letic department at the University last stage had set in. - And I have where the literary, the artistic

of Utah who does not have any lifted up my voice, after the senand other educational branches cigarette smokers on the football tence of death was passed upon might be taught and more thorteam! I do not think this team me, in England, Ireland, Scotland, oughly and properly developed.

would hold the championship of Wales, Germany, France, Holland, states Belgium, Switzerland,the intermountain so we organized if many Norway, Mutual ANDY Improvement Associations, the players wereof smokers. Sweden, Denmark, Dr. and Canada

Pack continues: Mexico; from Portland, Maine, to very different indeed in their direc-

"This was not only true in the Portland, Oregon; in the Hawaiian tion and management and formasix institutions which furnished Islands, and in the faroff land of tion from those that we have at

data about the tryout when taken Japan, declaring that I know that present, but always striving for as a total but in each of the six God lives, that I know that Jesus the same ideals, the ideals of the the nonsmokers far outstripped is the Christ, the Son of the living Latterday Saints, of the Church the smokers. In one institution God, the Redeemer of the world; of Jesus Christ established in the

not a single smoker obtained a that I know that Joseph Smith was age in which we live, the opening place on the team."a prophet of the true and the living of a new Gospel dispensation,

God, called by God to establish which was to be carried to all the again upon the earth the plan of world as a new witness for God

UOLY men and holy women life and salvation. I know these and his Son Jesus Christ.

,11 jyg been blessed with the gift things and I rejoice in them. I But this thought came to me

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 661 this morning: With all the truth States. I was surprised to learn WAS in St. George, a little

that has come into the world and that among them the turkey is re- A town where the greater part of that has been applied for the benegarded as an unclean bird. They my life was spent. Early in the

fit and convenience of man during would not eat its flesh. I wanted morning I arose and walked out

the past century, the fundamentals to know why and they told me to the cemetery. I stood there by

of truth have never changed. They this story: the graves of my parents. I walked

are the same today that they have A long time ago a great flood up and down those narrow streets always been. They will remain covered the country, and the Great and read the names inscribed on the

the same tomorrow and forever, Spirit commanded two of all the tombstones. There was not a name

because the truth changeth not. animals and of all the birds to go that I did not recognize, not a

life person influwhose the of top not had San Francisco up on this a morningT COPIED enced is for mine that I could letter peak, highest good the which mountthat I desire read. It is to dated devoof the remember. ain that in I thought neighborhood. All

Alexandria, 29th, the fifth went willingly except the turkey tion of those men and women, of month, 1794: gobbler. He went very reluctantly the sacrifices they had made. They

is Isaac: going son "Dear Thee now ther rose water he School Sunday and as went were my and day

care father, the of loving under thyfrom teachers, school the water, into edge of the the framed who for down ever eyes watchful beenwhose have thy good, into the wide world. Thee will and there he strutted and gobbled, beginning of my life. They lived

now be under the care of Captain Very and defied the flood. But it conand died for ideals. Their faith

will thee for advise good, thy andwho in their rise faith God, settled until to tinued the in the opening mud

I thee would wish to be advised by him. this of Gospel dispensation, tail the fast so on his held and him I it have thought for for most thy good

thee to go to Salem, to learn the trade that he could not get out. But the purpose of it, the redemption of

of a tanner. * * * turkey family could only be prehuman kind which was to come

will thee be "As strangers take among it, through served releasing this unwavering. was by bird,

care thee good acquaintances. forms how ideals are the they taught so These the Great Spirit, and through if friends, beLet possible, them and steady

sober lads, older than thyself, and the his power lifted him out of the me, that they lived for and which fewer the better. A young man's happimud and placed him on the top they died for, all of them in povness this in both world and that which erty. say, Erastus I heard is of the peak. Snow

a to in come, great depends measure upon the in the of all vanguard who was as the man tells this story Now the connections he while forms young.

Keep steady to meeting and to plainness to his boys and girls he says to accomplishments! in that region,

in apparel, and that God that made us them: This is why you must that there were times when he had

will all protect harm. from you Above a postenough strut, to buy money never gobble, never not never

all true trust, things debe to thy and riches that age stamp, he had but anything but that which fraud the be pretend thing though may no man small, but do unto other men as thee you are. Think slowly, but when the wealth of the world could

would that they should do unto thee. your thoughts are once concennot purchase.

will so thee the doing gain by "And trated act quickly. to slow Be

all of esteem thy Master I good and I men as walked thought down CO friends, true to those be make but into useful a the and world come up * I lanes, those help God's with society. will of peace have have. Theemember that for beat you Can you shall will a that never thing do in taken cannot be thy which mind own these It Scouts? to appears Boy discredit those bring I on good men actions except hope which by away

is ideal to be that an me worth * * * of. thee guilty will be not I that and and women, know my while, see not examples and do we I shall "If send agrees thee to stay experience experience there the was

certificate, a thee to thee take which strutting must of that gobbler turkey every If of of one you. will you the meeting. monthly every lives? almost of day our the into in cemetery go the there will be opportunities town "As many

I would have thee write often and let where you live you will think of if thee in need of stand me know anyyour father and your grandfather,

I thing, will to furnisih endeavor and the of that thing brought them to thee time. time from the than more human TL ODAY here; will you then understand to thee "I want is serve five years and a element visible creed in our

half, then thee will have some time in the The life of the Prophet Joseph what the ideals of the Church of thee for will give winter, time which is all the to a to Smith testimony Jesus Saints Christ Latterday of in spring setting thyself the prepare for the inspiration of world of God to are. following. without that man. young man A exemplify that to thee help us to them recommend God God "I now education, bepredicting the war

who has protected me from my youth tween the North and the South! He in our lives. If we do they will

died this time, father until having my that be driven would we presence of the into lead us back

I I old, years four and about was when state, state to am prophesiedfrom county from before, passed those on have who that is Father sure Heavenly the he same city, to county, to city and from protect will to our remain the presence ever Christ of he was, into and the eventually to driven be and fear all that love those and and preserve bless brethren you, Lord. saints, that the God Mountains; Rocky my

him. afto suffer continue would much and sisters, through Jesus Christ. father, "From thy loving be would put many to Amen. SHREVE."fliction, "BENJ. lives lose death, others their would

of in consequence exposure and the little care of money "N.

live to PRESIDENT CHARLES W. thee find to be disease; will that has,B.—Takefor thee and some would

assist cities in building forsaken mak- a and have all others friend when great NIBLEY ing settlements thee. I shall small mat- a become and furnish thee with

ters of money according as I hear of, thy and mighty people in the midst is indeed gratifying to note behavior. Often read this advice and enof the Rocky Mountains. He redeavor to follow it."quested that this prophecy be reITthe great interest that our

I am thinking of another excorded, and it was recorded in the young people have in these ample which came under my obserjournal of Anson Call. conferences.

J. Grant This organization that you are vation. I was among the Navajo—Pres. Heber

Indians in Arizona, the strongest tribe of Indians in the United 662 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

these receive shall ye when "And the are told to doconnected mean with—I ye things, would exhort you that I would the Joseph Christ of LatterProphetChurch of Jesus the so in a Smith—evenrevelation to in Father, name Eternal the ask God,

greatest thing by study and by faith. Do not of Christ, if these things are not true;day Saints—is the

in all the world. Every other sysforget that part of it. and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart,

Christ, in faith intent, real having with sinks organization everytem, other is it is lovely unto of that the there truth anything manifest will he TF this. insignificance tointo compared -* Ghost."the the of Holy power by you praiseor report or of good of is it bearer the BecauseWhy? for that makes anything worthy, Eternal thea direct message from brethren that, and the development and young growth my AND It sent.Father, miraculously -** oldsisters seek and of is betterment mankind, and young we my it is the of the man; ofnot wisdom

is sisters, mesthe need things. er after those brethren and But we of God.wisdom be It out seeking must sage time of waste Mormonism. not much

You who are gathered here, you the philosophies of men. Indeed preached in the power and demonyoung people, and some older ones, there is not much time to waste, stration of the Holy Ghost, which

your parents came here believing for this is a day of warning and enlighteneth the heart and conwith all their hearts in this mesnot of many words. vinces the soul of the truth of

sage of Mormonism. They heard The time is short. The hour is the Gospel.

it in the simplest kind of way, by present. The Gospel must be Above all things, my young

the testimony of humble men. preached, not with enticing words brethren and sisters, as the ideal

These men as a rule were not edof men's wisdom, but by the of Mormonism, in your preaching ucated, not cultured, but, they had power of God. For you have and teaching, sincerity first. First

of testimony strongin them a truth. to the world, the something give which the can know man No

called this thing Morofdivinity not. teach philosophies, the truth has with all its of this Gospel unmonism. You have the Priesthood, the less he first believes in it. The

power of God unto salvation, the Lord requires sincerity of heart.

'T'HEY told their story u* a simGospel of Jesus Christ. The power of the Priesthood is

speaking, pie Generally way. the of salvation. power unto God power,it this mysterious that the was poor heard mesthe who CO I it is again, say that what we * understand cansage, the which men in, poor were gathered it give, is to have and beyond

is given the Ghost, Holy only by theand poor have accomplished anything the has. which world that this by and Church; see. towhat behere came we They is the that built That has power

better a build upcause of power certain we may convictions, such this Church. the up power Not anybe civilization found canas than St. sets in his Paul forth of one all, at of the nor of man wisdom Nothing the else world. inepistles. St. where acquainted Paul was the but the of man, God, power

outside that anyone of good thewith philosophies of he men; spirit revelation. of and has power philosophies is us. lost to learned; The receivedwas he but had

lead that are and good that of a divine in his witness men soulsuch item read from another T me ET are them. They have to good, cast asidethat philosophies we the he ** Covenants. the Doctrine and

seek to need here. not do hisof and and men wisdom We own at a time given when was This the to the key for them. But forlearning that the thing one was the assisting Oliver was Cowdery not. they have of knowledge all God other thingsthen above with the forth in bringing is Prophet high. That on it from have that Christ and andhim him We was of Book Mormon: you and youngcrucified. men to said you what Corinthe He

thian Saints; young women who go out as mis- "Yea, behold, I will tell you in your

sionaries are expected to preach, as mind, and in your heart, by the Holy shall Ghost, which you and come I, I upon brethren, to you, when "And come talked did. Paul He could have

heartt. shall in dwell your which excellency not withcame of speech or and theories the philosophies about is spirit this cf the behold, tes- "Now,of declaring the unto wisdom, you

timony of God. of men until doomsday. But the revelation; behold, this is the spirit by

"For I determined not to know anyone thing that he eternally talked which Moses brought the children of thing among you, save Jesus Christ and about, and the only thing, was Israel through the Red Sea on dry crucified.him I was with you in weakness, Christ and him crucified. That ground.""And

it. believe not did new. was They fear, trembling. in in andand much is I spirit, to the want HTHIS then. speech preaching and It message supreme "And the my my was testify, this that guides Church enticing of man's wordswas with not the of last chapter Book the In today. the of the Holy of power in demonstration but Thewisdom, a out holds the of Lord MormonSpirit of power."and is Presmanifest through Ghost

I all must the to challenge world.

it J. as ident Heber Grant was

is it. here speaking read Lord The or the like Joseph Prophet through there to has manner comeTN is to that this of miraculous work Taylor, or this Young, the a Brigham John in world our time

last days: the in forth come those followed is of or it one to anymessage who our duty which

preach and deliver to the world. the prophet as presidents of the

or It the is not Church. power shoulyoung people, on yourYou * * I the Lord at J. not Grant, Heberders will fall responsibility the wisdom of to others, to alsoWhHEREFORE,gave commandments

carry this message unto people all that they should proclaim these all. But he is the man called at

over the earth. And, like Paul, things unto the world; and all this this time to be a prophet, and by

you will go determined to know that it might be fulfilled, which was the spirit of revelation, and the weak prophets—The

world shall come power of the Holy Ghost restingnothing else, for it is the supreme writtenthings byof thethe message of the present age. Of forth and break down the mighty upon him the Church is guided.

course, it is commendable to seek and strong ones * * * ". By that power we conquer. God

wisdom in all good books. We bless you. Amen.

Aspen A Prayer at the Summit

year a time of when. T everyBy Lavenia Bradbury Horsley

is in towns, By Grace Ingles Frost Athing dusty and warm they, are things slender is is ready fruit ripe grain and whenLOVELY, I stand standing dryads sylphformed Like it is lovely, the WHEN garnering, for a life's hill the of peak On a in row to experience refreshing go I've traversed into When youth's of gladness pristine all theWith streams where canyons, groves and slope, wide sunny The day.

face, breezes. always cool and -Not And my tresses are, quivering, windblown Their

I gloaming, the turn to must duties the leave and can we home through gleaming give me God side, except every wings press from nestle golden which whereinTresses that's in hope. The peace exultant little throat silverfleeced a in imagination; on such and Whose

flings vacation the poems of this page take

Unto the breeze a matin ecstasy. us. "Aspen"is the tree which Give me faith,

.as as strong the oak tree. That's travel along the borders road We be to seem they to me,Satingowned, patience And in a the Moun- "Midsummer way; of sheen a there and here Reflecting the dove, as Serene our time, the and tain Meadow"sun croons she When tall aspen an one each lines, while other are but destination. they TheYet grassy green In the meadow has hand life God's of theme, symphony cooling in particularly A not kissed That's

spun. carry within themselves the joyousBv the sunshine above.

ness of beauty, the exhilaration of rhythm. And oh

Help my heart to remember Midsummer in a Mountain WhenHid in mydarknesspath'sand gloom, back. Meadow The Li&hthouse That Where my feet have once trodden,

By Mark Hart The apple By Adele Skoo And peach are in bloom.

sighs, rushing with blows by windTHE gleam the reflects that for ships leaf, lighthouse a fan, a be to like Each

I see May J'D cool soft and sea, sunshine, to go mellowOf down the shade slope wind As I gold sails that blue and gleaming of little with rays ships portalFrom The beauty The toss so easily,To tender blossoms—nature's love.

twilight and rest get broken so they know In Whose compasses

Then stillness holds, as though no breath not where to go, And feel

Were wafted through the fragrant space; And they're apt to flounder on a reef, or The sweet joy of fulfillment

or jest, to mock, quiet seems the sunThe strike a rock; and so As

yet or coming gone, that'sThe wind in the west. Fades away

To play again the leaflets dance. I'd like to be a lighthouse when the

to foam billows churn quietude the sigh, the breeze,The eastern deck, and the aboard dash And by; wears as day its turn has Each to moan, begin winds

sinking low in sun, eveningThe strugto out dangers the to point I'd like air melancholy a us Leaves be, that ships gling memories. and thoughts sacredOf the I Built a House for Hope storms, the brave little that ships The

little ships at sea.

By Clioe Lovett Cleaves BUILT a house for Hope on quiv'ring

Penetration J sands, And smirking I invited Hope within;

By Nina Brinkerhoff The Rain But she was swift to see the brazen bands to to her I thought wed my Wherein set; has the sun and evening tniS

sin. the By Georgina Eakins o'er shines glow radiant J. To

fled and refused house that she Seeing my hills western

I see distant south the far, far in But golden with glad sky whole The glory *JLI 'HEHowraindois Ia know?blind man I mopedmaze,for many an hour in sorrow's

thrills! I can hear his cane taptapping go And cursed, and raged, and wished myself

roof dead; were walks our on As he

is sung; song twilight and a 'Tis day. a showery On I did increased my mental haze. Yet all is note answering all feeling his way. No and heard from Tapping

list'ners near—Poor old man!

scarcely reach the echoes on, on where But Then I myself revived and built again, is a is stirred and banished heart One tear! Sometimes the rain is a horse. And built this time on rock by good

How can I tell? device.

'Tis night, and through th'enveloping Don't I hear on the house his hoofs full I called to Hope, and showed her how by gloom well? pain

stillness the cheer pounds prances of and word whispered He A of price disregard action, and by Of beat and dash the winds breaks; When plane. rebuilt another upon time shutters and window I had until, and God's doors in the own It unheard, goes And

in a. entered returned and Hope heart Then sash sorrowing strain Its some joyful

awakes Rattle and bang. trice.

Expatriation By HUGH J. CANNON over her at the thought that enchildhood gagement, followed to its concludays Lilly Nells'INCERedfield had disChapter One sion, meant leaving the parental

liked her name-—that is, the first roof. She had not peered that far

part of it. It reminded her too into the future, and now the imvividly of Dickens'pitiful Little minence of the separation was

Nell, and so much tragedy had trembling with excited and almost startling. This doubtless was the

come into her early life that she overpowering happiness. Twilight cause of her parents'depression,

wanted nothing more of that nawas coming on, a strange and unwhich had been something of a ture, not even in name. That was natural condition; it should have puzzle to her during the day, for

a potent reason, though by no been sunrise and the world flooded she knew they loved Nate sincerely means the sole one, why she was with light, for the glory which enand had willingly given consent to willing to change it. Mrs. Nathan veloped her was sufficiently strong, the marriage.

Everett was much more to her likshe thought, to illumine a uniJudge and Mrs. Redfield were

ing. Somehow it seemed to fit her verse. How could it ever be dark? not Nell's real parents. They,

Nathan—thereexactly, at leastwasshesomethingthought heso. duedHer byexuberantthe deepeningspirits werepurplesubchildless,year old orphanhad foundtot, inher,a farawaya four

roic about men thus designated, shadows, but this composure was Samoan cottage, and the adoption the old prophet for example, who akin to the quiet exhilaration of a which ensued was both mutual and dared rebuke a king for his sins, or summer morning's dawn, and as instantaneous. Now the girl'sNathan Hale, and—oh well, she she looked at the sparkling gem on mind traversed the intervening

could not remember all the Naher finger it was not easy to say score of years, and she dimly rethethans she knew; but of this she which feeling predominated—exmembered what an impression

was convinced, her Nate was no ultation or exaltation. Perhaps judge's honest face had made upon

whit behind the greatest of them there was a blending of the two, her. No wonder a witness on the

all. He was bold enough to conas there is in the heart of one who stand could not lie while looking

front a king with his crimes, or he has climbed heavenward to the into those penetrating but kindly would give his life for his counsummit of a majestic peak, above eyes; no wonder his paternal air

try or for her, and his only reall sordid earthly cares, and who, won the hearts of repentant crimgret would be that he had but one overwhelmed by mingled feelings, inals. He loved honesty and truth,

to give. She, too, would be a Nadoes not know whether to sit detested hypocrisy and pretense,

than, in fact as well as in name. down and cry or kneel down and and had the rare gift of inspiring

pray. others with these same qualities.

character amand Mrs. Redfield's sat lady young 1 HE the in two bition her the arrangingbefore mirror she melody had mother. I HE meaningful at the could words—wife,be defined admiringlyhair gazed and voice, been trilling, musical with

third thereflection a of on diamond ceased. helpless similar feeling, A offinger Nathan left hand. her NelJ to that a passenexperienced now by VEN E there ring theEverett placed had see reherself, babe, ger leaves in a shy the earth an could who her kissed before,the evening had of gentle advances the first to airplane sponding time, the for came

lips, her forehead and dark hair. the strangers, could remember with

The memory of his touch thrilled what abandon she finally flung herher. Each kiss had been as anself into the outstretched arms,

other diamond making up the oamoa could feel the happy tears falling crown which betokened her queenthe woman's and hear on her face islands of the sea, J- E fair, warmship. that baby, words, of passionate back sweet Bring thoughts "My

"Being engaged really does make memory I've waited and prayed for so coral beach beautiful,"she thought, and palmYourone more clad long!"

hills of the ashamed was instantlyand depresRecalling today's again "thrills. in a thousand Wake my soulperfectly excusable vanity. "But,"sion, Mrs. Redfield and which Mr.

she continued to herself, "I wonOft in my dreams I see thy strand had vainly tried to conceal, the girl sea gentle zephyrs fanned; south couldder engaged By if a newly into directed daughter's was mind

I across the gaze wave away lover dress her topossibly meet attitude of channel. another The breakers the sands golden Where feeling with intoxicatedwithout recently until parents, most Nate's lave.

the strangeness of her own emocordial, had changed somehow. It

is sailing o'er thetions, bark emotion could not such and My her imperceptible, but almost blue—was

to again back I'm coming increase beauty."fail to assured her soul sensitive it was rest to back I'm coming awhile—you.

/ long to see Samoa's smile. real. Certainly they were as courNiELL walked to the—Terrince Sylvester Glennamiddy teous as ever, but their courtesy

window and looked out. She was hardly bordered on cordiality. The

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 665

Nell hastening to welcome and The matter was explained to let him in replied merrily, "Indeed Mr. Redfield who assured them he

you are; mother is half inclined to would ask for an explanation

it withdraw her consent to our mareven demand it—and that

riage,"should be done immediately.

"It's hardly that serious, Nate,"Learning by telephone that Mr.

Mrs. Redfield interposed, "though Everett was home and would be

we cannot help feeling sad at the glad to see him, the judge left the thought of having this little girl house. He had hardly done so

go from our home, even if she is when Jessie Dean, the dearest of all not to be taken far."Nell's friends, arrived. Jessie excited good humor wherever she

went and was a great favorite at.* 1 HE young lady at the Redfield home. The two girls

the first opportunity asked Nate were so inseparable that an acwhy his parents had changed in quaintance had asked Nell how their attitude toward her. He could Nate would ever find a chance to

not conceal the fact that the quespropose unless he did it in Jessie's

Nell tion made him uncomfortable, presence, and some friends proand attempted to evade it; but the fessed to believe it was Jessie who

difference was one of those things girl, made curious and somewhat would ultimately receive the proso intangible that only a sixth sense piqued by his efforts, insisted upon posal. Today, as Nell looked at

could detect it, and she had re- a frank answer. her friend, she said:

pelled any feeling of resentment. "I can't imagine what's come "Jessie, you are so radiant that a

It was a trying ordeal, she concludover Dad,"the young fellow restranger would surely take you for ed, for parents to see their firstplied dismally. "He's a perfect the brideto-be."

born leave home, and she deterenigma on this subject, and so is "Well, you had better be caremined to make them feel that they mother. For months they encourful, or I may cut you out and be

I the bride after all."were gaining a daughter instead of aged me to come here—not thatlosing a son. needed urging—then overnight

they became lahours as sphinx. the had left, as Auncommunicativelittle while ago ter, and afterSEVERALthe visitors

H<.OWEVER, while when father saw the serious turn Mr. Redfield returned home. All

she finished her toilette, the girl in our affair, he asked me not to the elasticity was gone from his decided she would speak with Nate be in a hurry, to look around a step, and he seemed to have beon the subject, something she had little, even to go out with other come in one evening an old and hitherto not done, and ascertain girls. Of course that was absurd. broken man. His wife and daughfrom him the cause of their coolYou know how dearly I love him, ter were shocked at the ashy face

ness or obtain the assurance that it although he is pretty stern at times, and insisted on knowing the was purely imaginary. With this but he was asking too much. I'm cause.

thought in mind, she went downof age and know my own mind. "I had hoped to wait until tostairs and was in time to see her However, when he spoke to me the morrow to tell a pitiful story,"he

mother make a hasty dab at tearful second time, I did give an unwillsaid, "but distressing as it is I must eyes with a handkerchief. Nell ing promise not to propose for two relate it or have someone less symwent swiftly to her. months, and kept my word, hard pathetic do it for me.

it was. Lilly parents, "It concerns your enas "Mother, you told me my "Last in lie buried parents night I reminded him of Nell, the whogagement but nothing brought

happiness to you."the date and said I'd proposed and Samoa and whom you remember

"I spoke the truth, my child. hadbeen goneaccepted.wrong Probablyin the office,thingsfor (Continued on page 711)

But in that happiness is a strange he was as grouchy as a bear, and * "depression never can you which too. she upset was mother-—well, untilunderstand your daughown I think But do you could worm taken you."to beter is about from anything out of them? Why,

"My own daughter? Oh, mothoysters are really talkative comer, just to think that I may have pared with my parents. I am sure

a daughter of my very own! But they both loved you and also know

I'll never be taken very far away you have done nothing to justify from you. We three couldn't live any change of feeling."

if we were separated, could we?"

And with an arm about their necks she drew the three heads together. 1 HE girl was hurt.

"If your parents don't want me

Nathan Everinme.the family, they need never have

ett had, unnoticed, come up to "They've got to want you.

the open door. Your father and dad are old cro-

"I hope I'm not the subject of nies; I wonder if he can't learn

the plot you're hatching,"he said. what the trouble is?"Nate

Bee HiveJunior Festival Curtains Closed BeeHive and Junior Girls.) To Touch our hearts with the true spirit of

help the girls build for perfect service

Bless their me, BeeKeeper.'Call"Cornets: "Womanho womanhood that the success of the swarm Idependsknow

the chorus giving followed by a who over themis thepreside,aim thatof thosethey largely upon me.

same call. might reach maturity with underMay 1 never be indifferent or careless or

standing heart and mind and know grudge or stint in my labors.

Reader: the joy that comes with work for thatGiveI mayme, adaptI pray thethee,workinitiativeto oursufficientspecial

home and all mankind. Romance requirements.

comes this gloriwhich shines through every daily I would be humble.

I WHENCE would be full of task is girlhood emphasized love and sympathy and ous gathering of Zion's each individual member; forgets the that for drudgery of work

I strive youth? favored to their understand inwould gloriunpleasant be, and And might desires ambitions; most and purpose high what why? And it. fies bee is the Their symbol their love confidence I want rein and as serves for achieveinspiration

I hive, industry. signifying turn for to the give love them. The

theirs? as come such They ment Grant Father, power, to guide me is O watchword Womanho—service as far daughearthly near from and undesirable things them from for Could mankind. and home

life Into are that the of paths noble and ters a of to King. heavenly Not desire loftier nobler or aim be full of beauty. belong, a they church do manmade

I heart cares. I than in forget the planted would would human my but to the Savior's own—the one that provided for these children of with them out in the open, and cull thego

his to gave he lesson which of flower youth from and streamlet father If light. be the name—the thought

mountain, and Christ. Jesus of Church it, think to the means deed what joy, a a keener That we may know the folds Within of this life's threshat faith thee divinely you, to in purer a maiden

endowed sanctuary all truth abides old to start each dav with aspirain fulness; which those who seek tions kindled by "The Spirit of Reading BeeKeeper's Prayer

may find and thence enjoy. As in the Hive"as thus set forth? (within the hive)

are Father's our house manmany Have faith, seek knowledge, Each girl becomes a Builder in as sions all earthly found, and things are typical of those in heavsafeguard health. the Hive, and could achievement be

en, so are these in this wondrous Honor womanhood, understand more glorious than may be

Church of latter days, societies, beauty, know work. wrought through consummation

associations, groups; each with speLove truth, taste the sweetness of the Builder's Purpose thus excific aim and purpose high, yet of service, feel joy. pressed?

conscious each of partnership in (Girls have been entering stage As bees bring to their building one great cause. gradually and have gone up and Obedient and purposeful service

In contemplation of the miracle into the large bee hive). So into the hive of life

I enter part. to do my since the wrought first the rays of shelter the within They are now Faith fathers I have from my living light forth, burst a hundred of the hive, girl to Faith to and each has action been move me

years now gone, the soul of M. touched by the Spirit of M. I. A. Health I hold in my keeping

I. to cherish guard o'erflows and to A. gratitude with great a to Like cast Health she has mother

life to come That may my children that are parGod we its members her influence 'round them. Tenlimitless in Pure and power. takers gift divine. of this listens she derly to them. With

generations Four piohave now let her lend ear us that an might we girl each filled has When her neered the way. never waWith be partakers "Spirit the the of of nine cells foundation twentyand vering faith they kept the nor path Hive."within seven structural sealed and (Chorus—from them loosed their hold iron the upon bee Spirit hive of the Hive,) over one she one by moves from rod; so, in and resolve high and with head drooping now And in Builder the to Gatherer Hive of proud humility because of our heart, give and humbled heed unto Honey, continues acquire and to blessed heritage, dedicate our we the of the prayer earnest ever Beefields seven from experience and lives still to press anew, on and Keeper. knowledge. on on. and

The field in which she gathers

The BeeKeeper's Prayer. first is religion.

Curtains Open O Father, Bless our swarm of M. I. A. Disclosing a large beehive at back workers.

center Let our efforts be as untiring as the Enter Religion

let them, Like and us seek gather, and large books of scripture. WITHIN our Mutual sisterbeeslike we pre trying eto emulate: Girls robed in purple, carrying store future. for the them away

hood, the first to enter its We thank Thee that Thou hast inspired protective fold, come BeeHive the minds of those who have planned this "REFORE girlhood entered this girls, in all the loveliness of purity work for us. field she may have thought reand youth. They come in answer its Itmeaningis a gloriousand appreciatework. Helpits possibilities,us to grasp ligion would be dry, fenced in by

to the Call of Womanhood. Under its guidance now may our minds dogma and limited by fanaticism. (Chorus Call of Womanhood—broaden and develop; Instead she finds a broad and beauThe Improvement Era for August, 1930 667

tiful expanse, with a trail running Enter Field of Domestic Art Enter Field of Health through it into the far horizon, inGirls robed in brown, bearing Girls dressed in deep red and carryto the very heavens, and the crysloom, embroidery hoops, pottery ing red streamers.

tal stream of truth flowing gently or other tools for handcraft.

on, bordered by flowers of light UEALTH is a part of her heriand understanding. Here in this T ET the beauty thereof be the tage. The color for this field

field she shall study the history of *** workmanship of her own is red, telling of the life's blood the Church for which her grandhands."Here in the field of Dothat is flowing through her veins.

parents sacrificed home and loved mestic Art shall she learn the glad The symbol is a girl in the act of ones, and which is the heritage they content which comes with work diving, reminding her that clean have bequeathed to her. She shall done by the hands. To see maand happy recreation will help her

read of the leaders whom God terials change from dull uninterto acquire grace and poise. She

hath chosen to direct his children, esting things to ones of lovely shall keep her skin clear bv the aid and learn from the scriptures and distinctiveness, will lend fascinaof food and water pure, eyes bright know for herself the work of the tion to her every task. The fun with sleep enough; heart warm

Lord; she shall seek among the of visioning, the pleasure of planwith lovely thoughts and high

events of her life and others for ning, the thrill of creating, and resolve. In this field she shall gain

things which will increase her faith the joy of completing, will bring new knowledge, new vision and and deepen her love for truth. In into her days a new pride and new desire to keep strong the body

this field she shall rest and dream gladness. (A few BeeHive Girls which has been entrusted to her

dreams and hear the call which will come from bee hive to enter field keeping, the palace in which lives give her courage to face a questionof Domestic Art.) All that she the soul of a daughter of the King.

ing world fearlessly, and know makes in this field will become real (Girls from hive arrange themthat she belongs to the Church of and alive to her, for she shall selves near field of Health. DanceJesus Christ. (Several girls leave stitch bits of imagination into all—by field of Health.)

beehive to join field of Religion,) that she does. Into the golden

fabric of the future she will emEnter Field of Business

Within the Field of Home she broider the designs of the heart, adage, thegathers next. of truth old and secrets only half defined and HPHE-"- will she not, not,""Waste never want half revealed she will weave

into pattern sweet and beautiful. learn in the field of Business. ReEnter Field of Home She will glimpse afar off her luctantly she may enter this field,

Girls dressed as family grouphandiwork when she makes her for she may fear to face its cold parents and several children. bridal robes. Before that time methodical facts, its uninteresting,

comes, to know how to do all uninspiring precision, but how (Reader pauses until they are these things well, shall be her amazed she is to become to find placed.) task. that there is,a glowing joy in

learning what to do and how to do this field she has been bidden it well. Earning, Enter VO Field of Outof-Doors x has and obeyed. In part the Girls dressed an honest in the Lord green, carrying to saving,tithe—thesepaying

meaning of the word home she leaves or flowers, and a couple of will arouse in her strange triumph, long has known, but in the light children dressed as butterflies. gladness, pride. She will find that

of the "Spirit of the Hive"she order is a delight, method a marreads into it a sweeter deeper a and a accuracy will impart vel, and field a marvelous is this JHAT ismeaning; in place it not a which sense never guessed by of power in which to gather honey

sleeps she asmerely and eats, field her before. of BusiIn the field at the ofDoors. of OutHow be, she interpretedone time it to quiet understandshe may find its gates wide will welness swing to

but a haven of happiness wherein come her and unveil for her its ing and contentment that is a part to learn how to prepare food, and hidden beauties. Long she has of efficiency. (Several girls from

to create pleasant surroundings for known the glory of the earth, but hive come to field of Business.)

the ones on earth whom she loves from this time on she will vision best. It is a laboratory in which its many glories. The pink of dawn Enter Field of Public Service

to practice the arts which will and the gray shadows of the dusk; Beehive Girls with red, white and

help her to know how to beauthe sunset turning waters into liblue bunting.

tify the little home she herself quid gold and fire; the birds, the

shall have some day, and in the bees, and all winged creatures of 'THIS is the field of Public Servlearning she shall be guided by the air; the flowers, the trees and ice, represented in colors red

those who love her and have high all that root upon the earth; the and white and blue. Red is for

hopes for her future. It is the one sky above, by day with floating the courage it requires to face

place in all the earth where she can clouds and high bright sun; the great problems and solve them

go in joy and sorrow and know glory of the storm; and still at for humanity; white is the flower

that only kindness will and faith of in the purity night blossoms which the shining peace of moon her,surround to decrease her hearts stars. of those turn their these 'Tis true sorand who from

row and add to her joy. (Girls shall come into her heart, a knowlforts into channels of public servef-

come from hive enter field of edge that God lives and all is well. ice, blue is for the truth and loyHome.) (A few girls have been coming alty to right which grows and deChorus Home Sweet Home—from the hive into the field of velops and increases as service to

BeeHive Girls. outof-doors.) others is rendered. Here she shall

668 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

pledge allegiance to her city, her Just blooming into womanmany, Denmark, the low Netherstate and her country. hood, she typifies the opening of lands, high Switzerland and Slavic

a lovely rose which is her chosen nations each are here presented, for

Enter the Flag Bearer Holding the flower. with enlightenment comes new

American Flag She plants and tends them, sympathy, and education of the gathers blossoms to adorn our heart as well as mind, which is Music Red, White and Blue—sanctuaries. (Soft music contin- >true culture.

Organ. ues. Reader pauses while girls

Call."Cornets—"Womanho carry of flowers into chaparmful (Curtain for a moment)

Fields.) {Bee Hive Girls leave

el.) "stars these of She takes "Womanho Chorus—repeats to cheer added sick earth"the too, banDrama, and now The Call"

uplift. ish death. of for lends gloom opportunity (Other BeeHive Chorus—All Girls.—fancies fantasies girls follow, helping old and lady into Through "BeeHive Cheer and Song""Song hero art church.) our bringing this alluring youth, In into of beauty of Joy."

lives, the others finds strive she emulate to worshipers, enrichment fields Girls BeeHive from make charall for splendid her for Appreciation the virtues the of own.

girls in Beehive formation. All personate. seek to beautiful each acters expeunfolds they with

fill all in solidly, hive uniform is rience the thus and wrought as singing songs above two named project the tableau.) of group. Junior (Drama they move closes (Pause. Curtain momenGatherers'Chorus Honey—about. tarily, again.) in opens then kept dance atmoswhen The in hive formation. Song—Girls graceful motion phere of rhythmic of the travelogue magic The Curtain

has cast its spell on many hunteaches poise; harmony of exChorus repeats. dred girls. But few might ever pression, and adds its own full Cornets "Womanho Call"—visit foreign lands and so the cusmeasure toward development of

Chorus repeats. toms, scenery, and traits of councharming perfect womanhood.

Cornets repeat (muted, as tries other than their own have (Dance tableau.)

though echoing.) come to them. (Girls dressed to

heart has not maiden had file What all nations in represent from soft Curtain to opens on music to questionings unsolved, longing stage side either in of form and stage roses. rear bedecked with At finds the mysteries she understand rows.)

is door, a into leading chapel. a life its all in varied problems, and Missionaries near of byand Reader: yet to bring shrinks she them and to for gone days have brought us years'training in two From less sensitive, lest hearts forth may see, rare keepsakes material of ideals, high in lofty symbolism fail wise the understand. to But things, storehouses the and from rich achievement, and our BeeHive receives no with question them box their rich treasures of memories, of

is girl graduated the to realm of derisive, or glance curious laugh tourexperience come. have The Juniorhood. vestHer outward to pass to thence symanonymous ist, native too, convert have and ments insignia and carefully she best as give souls pathetic who interest to enrich given of much preserves, trust, lays aside we and contentanswer, can, the and they cherry travel course. our From in treasured chest, with many girl. (Girls approach the to ment stoblossom lovely this memories; into land—Japan—come but new papers folded drop large and box ries skill. of courtesy much Much she sphere brings the her with in.) too, courage, and China from life's sweetness of in stored honey

i lore. quaint ancient with wisdom's soul;mind and the brightness of all are these diversions But lands of northern midnight From the sunshine she while absorbed travelogue, dancing, music, book, has other sun as knowledge come, flitting f'eld field to in on from are but question drama, and box the from farfamed islands the ofBeeHive land. building the additions to main seas. southern saancient From In eagerness girls Junior give we rearing. are girls Junior our which cred this peoples a land, of part ofwelcome and with outstretched lessons course forms yearly of The lost. Israel long Britain Great encirclearms flowers, them with its suits strong foundation and its with groups, a harvest manywith garlands roses, of sweet to perstructure. stone brick Each and rich yielded. has Central Europesignify tie the that binds our is care. greatest the chosen with its with peoples of France, Gerhearts theirs. to (Meet BeeHive to Faith"Stones "Stepping Once

girls place garlands their about again, used; Teachings were "Thenecks.)

the "Ideals of Master;"of Home is sufficient reason to are * HERE Here girls seen the Junior "BeLife"and and now Home cause hairpin manufacturers to the inspirationunder of religion,

doleful. lieving look thus they and Doing"andwatched over Spirit the of by M. is necessary Heavenly sunshine to raise tier, tier the building and on

I. A., study by the fields, guided example and flowers of the growth of

is edifice glorious the done, when is necessary to the sunshine thealong ideals, of Gospel to mental way its across front, in emblazoned talents of development the of mind. again live testimony, a faith to pure gold, to politisocial, the matter will be one what word No learn.and cal financial or heights a man "character."

(Soft music.) climbs, his wife can always call him

The Junior girl is likened to a down. And now the music of our

blossom in a garden of rare flowers, When you find a woman who choruses with one accord acclaim, pities herself, you a Junior to be Girl of "It's Joy life sees roseate in youth hueswhen little else has very to as (Curtain maydo.—Dorothybe sure she Glorious life I. A. M. in seeks she to her joy ofand C. Retstoff.

make life beautiful. chorus sings.)

Spiritual Philosophy of Life A

By MILTON BENNION Dean of the School of Education, University of Utah

IX The Spiritual Aim of Education

What Is the Major Purpose of unending progress. This progress taught. Whatever skills are needEducation? is, however, now dependent, in ful will be acquired. Health edularge measure, upon the enlightencation, vocational training, and

What Part Does the Teacher ment and the goodwill of individrecreational activities of the right

Play in Realizing This Purpose? ual men and women, and of the sort and in due proportion; all of

social institutions of which they these will be essential parts of a

What Is the Place of Education are the constituent members. character education program. Such

in the Social Order? Should the world become entirely a program consists much less in its

free from crime, a seeming miracparticular content than in its spirit

ITdevelopmenthas long beenofrecognizedmoral charthat ulousthere wouldachievementyet be atunlimitedthis time,opandlaws purpose.of health Manyand efficiencyof the samemay

social for portunity progress and be taught practiced in and the is acter chief the of educaaim decharacter the growth. With training a pugilist for a of brutal tion. Just this edpurpose of now conkeener of public a velopment contest as are taught applied in and is ucation receiving recognimore tolerated science things some training now the sensitive individmost it tion than heretofore this has in

ilas crimes, already become ual may for the spiritual highest generation. recognition This of lustrated in child labor other and achievements. youth One maythe of importance for education

as as labor laws, in well prohithe learn a vocation other with purno is stillcharacter bids growing, and traffic bition narcotics, of in intoxin pose than least give mind to the fair all to asother overshadow icating drinks, prostitutes. In and he can for gets, he greatest the whatpects of reeducation as a public

case there any are and, as far material so gain least with effort. thesponsibility. this or not Whether

see, can we will always be unAnother youth learn the may same is depends good somewhat upon limited opportunities for progress vocation as a of means rendering is character Is conceived.how it in spiritual is just attainments. It his best services to his fellowmen,to as be regarded merely conformthis of kind progress the part and, on at the time, as same a meansrity to established order? an As the of individual, a including of bearing his economic own burtoobedience negative commandgrowing disposition dens. to extend youth One become admay the toments? laws Or as obedience these spiritual all values to dicted to sport manas a major occupathese, state? theof one of Any kind, that constitutes edcharacter tion; another it use a only as may last, especially be to the seemsand

ucation. this In sense of the term means of renewing, of recreating, formoral burden enough many there can be danger charno that his physical and mental powers. allpeople in fact, But, nowadays.

acter education will become narrow quite inadeare theseof combined sided. or It one will cannot and character the to ofquate demands the course of is education f N how not properly neglect essential any doeseducation. education Such a teacher to which know way aspect of education. edWhatevercall obedience for conformity and the are pupils drifting? In case the ucational tools are necessary will as all far these inin so of matters teacher does care not he not may be provided. practical Whatever negative order, establishedthe the case know. is In he inhimself

commandments, and civil laws are knowledge is valuable will be clined toward the first alternative for the ultimate best good of manin each of the series here listed, so kind. Assuming that this is the far as he is concerned, pupils are

neededcase, is there anything more likely to drift with him. case In

author the realize type chairman T highest of was the toin J- HE order is he inclined toward the second Character Education of Committee Yes, character? muchof moral alternative in each case, his influthe National Council of Education will done. This toremains be ence will draw the in pupils that the National inand Education Assoclude development in each indiciation 192026; the report of this direction. The ideals, attitudes,

vidual of all the creative spiritual Committee was published as U. S. and purposes of the teacher are

of Bureau Education Bulletin is capable,activities he of which more potent factors for character 7. also No. (1926) He was activities these direction of theand is education than his knowledge. of the committees

highest most the andtoward is that Yet knowledge necessary, the perchairmanprepared Character and Education manent welfare of humanity. Supplement to the Utah State the more thoroughgoing the betCourse of Study 1925, revised editer, other things being equal. It-

'T'HIS is not a static world, but tion 1929. has often been said with respect to

one of perpetual growth, of education: "Instruction does much,

670 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

but inspiration does everything."tion. No other factor is comparof youth. This is not a plea for

Will education for character as able in importance with this. It respect for any particular teacher

its major objective interfere with should, therefore, receive first conwho does not personally deserve development of the special talents sideration. It is a major responrespect. It is a plea for respect for

of genius or with rapid acquisition sibility of society to see that youths the teaching office, a plea for a of knowledge on the part of pupils of superior ability and character, public policy toward education, of superior intelligence? No, on and of such other qualities of mind that will encourage the fit to enter

the contrary, it calls for the reverse and body as are essential constituthe teaching profession and will of this. Just as each individual is ents of a teaching personality, are exclude the unfit. Personal fitness

under moral obligation to develop induced to select teaching as a vofor this office will include, in addiin the highest degree his own capation to superior mental ability, cities and to utilize his abilities in physical health, freedom from physical deformity, poised a well is service the so of mankind, the JL that natural perhaps some, T is disposition, mind, a kindly a symeach give ease of teacher the prospects luted morally and by bound to pupil every possible assistance topleasure, should count the hours of pathetic understanding of young leisure, of the hours work, and rapt people intense interest in an and these realizing ends.ward

life. part attractive To as of the most'their into development highest the and pupil extent both whatever fail to education imnot But must type of and This women. men these pursuccessful in are teacher alt that children press our upon

poses to that extent character eduworthy work is to be respected, and will necessarily involve also an interest is life, in respect espein to held be that community no man and is realized. cation being A genius

talent, his accordance in with unless, all cially in inthose community fine art thus of in may form any his justifying of finds he some way terests affect that the welfare moral in highest the art his develop deexistence Work. through

gree and keep it on the highest Jou. Alvin T. Fuller. of youth. When teachertraining

institutions can be supplied with it plane will not where plane—the this type, of can and satisfy only in students the sense beauty of

mankind generally, but will do so cation and to qualify adequately themselves be provided with an adin a way that will be harmonious for the practice of teaching as a equately trained teaching staff havwith other ultimate values, such as life profession, a life's work suring the same characteristics, educadeveloping appreciation of the true passed by none in its importance tion will be well on the way to-, and the good. The genius in pure to mankind, in its opportunities ward its ideal destiny.

science will idealize the truth as for the finest spiritual service, and that joy the consequent students a goes '"THE enter young who to be pursued with in an objective first requisuch service. The with -*- teachers'college will, course, of diligence but without and reverence

detracting from other values. The site to this end is for teachers now have to have time to acquire esgenius in applied science will seek in service to develop this point of sential forms of knowledge, both

to give the world the results of his view and attitude toward teaching. academic and professional, and to

inventions or of his professional They, at least, should respect their train under supervision in the pracpractice for the greater convenience, profession. Next it will be necestice of teaching. At the same time

safety, comfort, or happiness, but sary to modify the public attitude they will attain greater mental and never to the detriment of mankind. toward teaching. Any thoughtful social maturity, acquire deeper

In the fields of social philosophy person must realize that if teachers insight into human nature and soand of religion, the especially enare not, next to parents, the greatcial values, and otherwise advance dowed, be he philosopher or est factors in determining the charin that practical wisdom so essenprophet, will seek directly the acter of children, then the schools tial in their profession as teachers.

highest good and the best methods are not performing adequately their Four years of college is not too of realizing that good by all manproper functions. It is ultimately long a period for such training as

kind. To seek anything short of the responsibility of the public to the minimum qualification for

this would at once brand such a see that they do. In some comteaching in any division of the

wouldbe spiritual leader as a mere munities the office of the teacher is public school system. For the

sophist or as a false prophet. highly respected. It is not so in more responsible positions a longer

all citiall communities, with nor period of is training necessary. as education Character oban zens in communities. This most besides What, of general want a jective tolerate does not mere

is reason peoone some young public respect why office for the of level the of attainment dead on abilities, ple othersuperior of and teaching, stands in the realof way it calls for pupils, rather part of fitted for admission nature wise izing by this ideal? closely factor A abilin proportion to attainments are institution, a training to teacher allied is to this inadequate financial ities in opportunities, and and to or professions to diverted other reward. that teaching Not should inin agreement with kinds most

is It general hubusiness. a very be a profession in one which may harare that dividual endowments influenced characteristic to be man accumulate a fortune; a such consocial needs. with monious the selection in a vocation of the by dition attract might sordid, the

esteem or want of esteem in which and tend to place financial reward

What Part Does the Teacher any proposed vocation is held. before service, an attitude out of

Play in Realizing This The slighting remarks, sometimes harmony with this profession.

Purpose? coming from persons who should Present practice in the financial

know better, about "pedagogues"support of education is, however,

T T has already been indicated and "old maid"teachers are not the reverse of this. Many able

* that the personality of the without influence in lowering young people would have to go in teacher is a major factor in educateaching as a profession in the eyes debt to secure four years of college

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 671

and professional education. With realize ever higher and higher spirhousehold, including husband and

present salaries for beginners it itual values, that they may dewife and servants, if there are such would seem impossible to pay such velop finer and more noble perin the household.

debts, and at the same time keep sonalities, that by cooperative acup the standards of the profession. tion of these personalities society HTHE Church, too, has come to be

In addition young men often find and social institutions may also * primarily an educational instiit impossible on their salaries both be perfected as instruments of still tution, with its efforts especially to maintain their professional stanfurther progress. directed toward moral and religdards and to marry and support While attention in this discusious education. This has taken the

a family. In some school districts Church into the field of recreationwomen are severely penalized for al activities because of the relation

marrying. It is remarkable how of these activities to moral educasome people would forever fasten UR major problem is to develop tion.

school a system designed to enable ideals teachers the medieval upon Education has to individuals be a also come to adjust themselves to of chastity, obe- "poverty, and the social large environment in factor in which business indusand chastity dience;"in the monastic they must to work, and modify try. larger business The and intheir sense in term. intelligent of that an dustrial organizations generally William m anneenvironment John r.—Dtl. is there is in as the research Small pay departments, Cooper, U. S. Commissioner of maintain

some quarters a tendency to make Education. personnel, and welfare departteaching appointments dependent ments, the activities of which are

in some measure upon the financial largely educational. It may be

needs of the candidate—a charity sion has been given primarily to added that every employer should

job instead of a call for the highest education in the schools and to the assume educational functions toavailable teaching qualifications. teaching profession, let it not be ward his employees, not in an obunderstood that this is the whole trusive or offensive way, but in the

spirit of good will and helpfulness of education. It has been said that of the obstacles are someHPHESE associates. toward is the chief business of that stand in the of realeducation way

izing the highest goals of educathe state, which includes public Every social organization has, or tion. They are named here only schools, public libraries, juvenile ought to have, educational responto draw public attention to the courts, and other educational agensibilities toward its members and

need of removing these obstruccies. But even this is by no means toward society at large; but so also

the of whole education. should every individual Educaand man tions to progress, of setting and

tion is the chief business of the woman. life of each The memup public standards public and

education resources that will make family. Home making courses in ber of the community is an edupossible social progress through the schools now subordinate probcational influence for good or for

education, such as the world has lems of food, clothing, and shelter evil in the plastic lives of the not thus far seen. to the problem of human relations youth of the community. It is,

in the home, the care and education then, the moral responsibility of of children, and the management each member of society to see that

What Then Is the Place of of domestic affairs in the interests his personal influence is toward

Education in the Social of harmony and spiritual growth realizing the great aim of all eduon the part of all members of the cation.

Order? "THOMAS DAVIDSON, a noted * American scholar of Scotch nativity, wrote a "History of Education as Conscious Evolution."The Elafe

This is what education rightly to be. toaims It aims set up goals By L. D. STEARNS social attainpersonalof high and

ment and to devise ways and means off! toast to beauty the The blue over vast, illimit- A goals. realizingfor these

its This, if -*--*-XJATSFlag! never able power the spaces of May Pole North issuccessful, evolution. conscious

purity, never be marred the first one to greet the dawn inIt is the highest type of creative wane—its

that those wild, untenanted wastes!spiritual activity; an activity by by blot, or stain,—this Flag

for has blazed a shining the world individual the the nature ofwhich Yea! toast to at Flag The A justice of freedom, pathway and society the of nature of andand this, the season of our mercy!

social are institutions changed by Country's the hopes patrioticBirth,—to toast to directed Flag intelligentlyconscious, The A and prayers its encompassed in Flag—the

effort. In industry generally conthat wafts the song of human folds; to the courage that brightscious beings control and modify brotherhood from the lofty peaks ens it; the high purposes that

the unconscious elements of nature of the Rockies, straight outward strengthen it; the spirituality that

in the interests of man's needs. In to the Atlantic shore, then on purifies it; the Flag the children

education the problem is to direct still on, until its cheery notes enadmire and the aged revere; the

and stimulate the development of circle the entire world. Flag that all, alike, [honor and

is, itself;consciousness that of first toast to The A Flag of our United Flag—the love,—Theconscious beings, that its red, to they spread Flag may white and States of America!

is Sunday For? What

By THOMAS WEIR Mining Engineer

a few people think that his name. No one with a soul on Christ. All this experience isNOTSunday was designed for hunger ever goes to Sunday service being repeated today, here and

pleasure, for baseball for help, and goes away disapthere over the world.

Jesus'with if some one parties, or pointed, fishing matches, of origin for the us search Let service. the Spirit is conducting kinds. There of variousexcursions It out on the was our Sabbath.

are others who think the day desert away from any church or the with us go crowd ETshould commandhome. to permanent God have some religious signifi- -*-'Jesus church taught on wherecance. their Moses, through ed the people

One can scarcely fail to observe another Sunday; where there was leader, to "Remember the Sabbath

the great number of accidents and a man, forty years old, who was day, to keep it (not to holy"—The people tragedies which occur on Sunday. born blind. This man prayed for keep it a holiday).

In our scriptural references in this sight and received it. He and his and their servants were to refrain

article, we will use Sunday as being parents testified that it was Jesus from such work as was common sight. At first him who gave keep Sabbath, the shall we other with he onsynonymous days. How

as trees walk- "he saw men or holy the same as said, holy? meaning Sunday By doingand Church as

synagogue in Bible times, without ing."There were many scoffers worthwhile things on that day.

endeavoring to make any comparat that service and there were many Let us return to Jesus'teaching.

ison or trace the origin of either the church officers and members who On a Sunday, he said: "What man

Sunday or the Church. did not like Jesus and who became shall there be among you, that

intolerant and abusive, because this shall have one sheep, and if it fall testified Jesus that not had man will day, the Sabbath pit a into on the that are to admit ready sight, given only physical but himALL it lift it, and hold lay on not he the greatest best Teacher and his soul into given had come and is a man then out? much, "the that declared ever had, Howworld a sight sin of the cure of him and better a sheep?"would than we As for and Sabbath made was man it. enemies of Jesus would The let us beast, rescue a brute sheep or for the not Sabbath."What man this enter to permit cured not man girls, rescue to and try boys and see this? us did Let he mean by the church a or become member are so enamand men women who the Sabbath. he did on what On it insisted because he that Jesus was pleasures and ored questionable of the entered occasion such one he healed had him. he who But the neglect associations, that they things taught church and many whereof spoke he became knew and at scoffers spiritual become and need. soul's to pertaining the

a of follower Savior. the Many Christian teaching Christian and right he whose metThere a man others the they thought saw who leaders. teachers and a and washand withered—useless all clearly matter were blind to handicap to him physically—Jesus spiritual truth and intolerant and

this useless that restored so are absent from member so many it other. as the This sound and was as Schools bitter toward those who believed V\VVTHYour Sunday

was an act of mercy. The man Sunday services? Largely, because

was cured, because he was where they are not striving to keep SunJesus was, and at Sunday service. day holy, but rather trying to

Near by, was the best fishing in make the day one for pleasure, that part of the world, but he sport or questionable association wanted to hear Jesus teach. After and conduct. There is nothing

the service many gathered around that purifies home life and tends to the Savior to tell him of their ills build up Christian character, honand ask his blessing upon them. esty, reverence for God and parHe healed them, every one. The ents, more than a proper use of the

crowd became witnesses. So it has Sunday. It turns the minds of paralways been, that those who meet ents and children Godward and

him for a blessing at Sundsy servhelps them to resist temptation and ice, never go away disappointed. choose proper companions, pure

On another Sunday he taught in things, instead of the undesirable.

the church and the people were By forming the habits of attendastonished at his doctrine. He had ing Sunday School and church

wonderful wisdom about sin and service, we avoid much temptation human nature and human infirand, cultivate fellowship and mities and human needs. Teachers friendship with the best of our acand preachers with the Christ Spirit quaintances and gradually build up

are doing the things Christ did, in The Author Christian character, and a hunger

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 673

life is infor the best the then illustragoes to and purest case as (used The missionary an ONEcultivated, chooschoose to see if they is merchants, will and keep not tion) a shaft that sunk was ing, but always choose the best. close their places of business on two hundred feet (below a depth

God bless you all and help you to Sunday; and they all with one conof one thousand feet). The miners

choose right. sent begin to make excuse. worked every day from the time

the work began until it was finished. later sinking few months A the Rest World's the visitsSunday Day "CINALLY, missionary again shaft resumed, was the and * the miners, see if to will they a further sunk distance of two title issued a a of by'T'HIS book use their not influence in of favor feet. the hundred sinking 1 While the Sabbath ComYork isNew rest.""Sunday few, of because A last feet miners the two hundred article, itmittee. appears In an their early training, convictions, or observed rest"stop- "Sunday (by in Rest Mining"by"Sunday or other reasons, are in of favor ping for hours twentyfour work these Weir, which fromThomas rest.""Sunday are majority A on Sunday) miners same The areexcerpts taken: it. to opposed of claim Some them last the feet sunk that hundred.two is a often mining new town A they families have to support the sunk feet. former two hundred is reachessettlement; born and, (either in elsewhere) or camp and rock The showed change. no The in short amaturity remarkably that they (support cannot them progress per better, day was though families, first theretime. are no At without working on Sundays. the general less conditions were is It simply churches. orschools a great But miners claim many favorable than they were above onea mostly of men, and community truthfully) (and their that manfeet. thousand cost total per Thesingle has every men. Almost man is ager close unwilling to the mine foot reduced was twentyone per clothes his workingon when on Sunday, that and they would cent. only done on The work comes. prospectorSunday The if discharged be they refused to Sunday to was water. pumpgenerally his prospecting continues work. to the claim As of of some as days. other Sunday on Theon

miner works because there does not Let us investigate some of the the miners, that they could not seem to be anything else to do. excuses given for "Sunday work."afford to lose Sunday wages, we

is to enconomize minwill give one of many instancesThe merchant keeps his store open One reason that ing of. is expenses. It certain we miner, know a noteworthy Abecause as gets he business much

fact, call will Scotia, the leading we whom many of copper worked that days, day otheron and as on "because all the rest do it."'and iron mines of this country oboyer three years in a Colorado

serve "Sunday rest."They have mine, had good physique, was

about twentyone years old, to drain operate and deep workSchool a while a Sunday A FTER in still good average ings, health. their are expenses much and is started, ancl later a church He worked Sundays, a kept and less per ton than those whichis organized. School The Sunday

actual which showed the time work.""Sunday We neverrediaryis of one or usually composed two quire worked during year. the it After hear suggested that "Sunday a Christianmen, and few women, Scotia been had in is the working work"going to be inaugurated childrenthose perbe can who three years rest""Sunday was to reduce the cost per ton. The mine to asuaded come. has church The adopted. All reother conditions average miner cannot good dosmall mostly membership women.

the mained same, except that the seven in work the days any week is at service small, attendanceThe depth and inof water amount class other than more of labor anybecause the on Sunday men work creased. "Sunday work"When can. tired becomes out, He and financial days. otheras on The was discontinued, Scotia like a tired works was man. The is poor.support

first the among the of to miners writer of knows instances in many is disminister missionary The complain that he lose would one the mines formerly operated seven goescouraged. the to mine He day's each week, pay he asked and in days a week, which afterward financial help, for tomanager and to be allowed to continue "Sunday observed rest,""Sunday the andplead the that to be miners allowed work."request His not was result a large was saving inrest cost the a get Sunday. on He may granted. continued in to He work of production, contribution,semiannual though depth and but the mine, same his kept and diary

is quantity thatusually of the told minister increased. water as usual. year after One "Sunday isthe good, not church doing much rest"had become the custom, does (the manager)hence he mine Scotia told the that Manager he care givenot to anything. Reis retired a HOMAS 1 WEIR found upon examination of his the rest"mining for engineergarding "Sunday has been who emdiary that he worked days more inently successful. is a withal He is the ministerminers, informed

received and more Christian during pay the gentleman. operHe it is all ofthat to think nonsense it, fineated mines in Colorado year and of Monrest""Sunday during than all getbecause the miners would tana, in Tintic in and Bingham, of any the years when "Sunday if Utah. not were Mr. the they opened Weir ondrunk Sunday Highwork"was the custom.working and they would not be land Boy and the Boston Consolifit for work on Monday; consedated,per. Fromnow ahispartownof experiencethe Utah Cophe is TTPON being asked for an exquently, the miners are better off thoroughly convinced that not only planation, he said, that while

working than resting on Sunday. is Sunday work a violation of a "Sunday work"was the custom,

it of but the Almighty could the command stand not is heThe mine lost more days on account of wasteful. While to too modest say

allexpense the of keeping sickness machinthan offset the of number so the cost reductions in mentioned ery in repair and the pumps runhis article were his own personal Sundays for the same time. This

ning, with the miners resting and achievpients. experience of Scotia was related

no work being done. (Continued on page 676)

On the Road to the Grand Canyon By PROFESSOR FRANK R. ARNOLD

Of the Utah Agricultural College

county is the southern his seventies he has the same keen Farming and stock raising, then as chief occupations, the intelligence he were far sighted now, eye and KANE of string the of climax cabinet a also as Orderville seventies had but the in when back had starting that, valleys Utah dikept a the blacksmith of maker, one he was who a young man porcentral the Cache, make with four a three tannery busy, and which rectors Order the of United men diprolific and so the state of tion repaired in shoe made, years ten makers over for held who sway won't counties. You into vide it mill; a shoes; exported of the valley a saw Orderville and and made

the Kane on about learn much a a tailor mill; enterprise confor men; woolen vast business train one

mostly for it will be Marysvale, to brick oven and bakery; community ducted by brothers who showed of waves filled with homerolling teacher. a school a soap maker; and brotherhood that Christian may

Sanpete and Sevier people, waves be made to pay big dividends both Mr. Esplin says they were the

that have reached as far north as spiritual and material. That is busiest people he has ever seen.

downtown hotels in Salt Lake the first lesson you learn in Kane Each family had its home but grounds. the Temple and the board start by your Kane was planned At county, inwork if you

first yelyou see your Marysvale was, there a talk Mr. vestigations with what little and money, by

low pines and by that token know Esplin. It certainly was true fifty was handled by it. There was no

the southern border is drawing years ago for although, after the luxury, no jewelry and though near. You still have to climb up first, families lived and ate by hardly a dozen wedding rings were

, to Panguitch where the Shakespear themselves all the land was held to 'be seen the marriages held fast.

family is in high honor, where in common and all the trades were During the brotherhood regime! j: some of the cattle men have degenpractised for the benefit of all. often as high as 4,000 bushels of

erated into poultry men, and where "Never since,"says Mr. Esplin has wheat were raised where only 500

! In summer they have the best winOrderville had such varied busiare produced today. The thouter climate in the world. From ness, such prosperous farms."sand acres of ranches and closein higher still up climb you Panguitch of a population supported farms Orderthe seventies in the Early Sevier. the of waters head the to to dropped today has which 500 settlers, ville from come had who

. divide down the over,.Then serv400. only community The were in 1871, the country Muddy pine and yellow forest of a through left are ants and Church members Carrolls as the joined such men by Valley, into Long descend you oak teachers. school famous more No the Gales City, from Heber from head the into county, Kane into shoe bakers, tanners, weavers, FillCarlings Beaver, the from and head the with Virgin, the of waters cabinet makers. nor makers Com- a idea of all the lured more, by Kanab and Pahreah the of waters a good brotherhood munity made earth. heaven on brotherhood what into far away, not creek start na-. evidently then but human

Texas and Oklahoma cattle buyers ture in its imperfect state fifty years will tell you is the only real cattle ago wanted the incentive of private

States, United left in the country yet property ownership. Mr. And is he Author country a cattle to them because evidences that Esplin finds modern

is the sheep not for a R. scorn and free ARNOLD range RANK is a life the working toward commu- R the doubtless birth, and by Utahn sell. to cattle as as well man, if idea, welfare nity toward not locality his native residents would of

object to his being called a Utahn at ideal brotherhood. He very pertiit. spite in is one, of all, but he that nently remarks A modern way to Kanab by road old THE

at the AgriEnglish professor of consolidation, business the demands off to branches -* of Alton for at many cultural Logan College that the free timber, pasturage, and bethad pines, you but left in the studies interesting years, has he made ter keep on to Orderville for your and observations concerning the game of pioneer days is now being first stop. Glendale with its pear people and conditions of this state regulated by a paternal government

to been who have many new which best all. Indeed of for the good houses its Swiss looking trees and has here. Arnold Mr. were born the Orderville sheep and of men patina covered with mahogany into of going faculty will the marvelous

look tempting, but Orderville has a place and finding there unusual Kanab who winter their sheep on all that and more. According to features which others have missed; the Arizona strip wish the public

discovering people and of meeting regefficiently be so is all gulmight domain Orderville people Kanab the beneath traits lying deep which, ulated that not have they would all Carrolls bridges, lies and unsuspected. and surface, been have

Chamberlains, but just the same if Incidentally Mr. Arnold himself is to pay taxes in two states and that

you want to get the evolution of one of the most interesting of cattle and sheep grazing interests to are number beings, happy and we In other harm. not might do each had you county of this corner Kane

the Era. of friends the among seen the has Esplin always fact Mr. of him chief to the talk stop better and

the Esplin clan. Although now in need of brotherhood in the world

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 675

and rejoices that the government chewing his cud. Goats are nuyear old Cousin Pughs who sparred

is making well regulated sharemerous in the county for six herds in heavy winter underwear, then holders out of us, even if it is not of about 3,000 each are still two older boys held the stage, then propagating the spirit of Christian browsing there and every man you came the battle royal between three brotherhood which made Ordermeet is a goat herder, a sheep herder Piutes from Moccasin, each weighville a unique Utopia for so many or a cattle man. Until this year ing about 120 lbs., and two white

years. Kane had twice as many goats but men one of them, a goat herder

has recently sold many to men in about 25 years old who must have

V'OU still have a hangover feelWidtsoe or around Cedar City. weighed well over 200; the other,

ing of being in central Utah a quick, nimble young fellow with in Orderville, the winter visitor but you when to Kanab push TN experience. ball much basket

finds A soon south, climb the that Carmel Kanab Mount minutes, lasted only exists Rounds two dugway, traverse the mesas of cedar solely for home folks and does not but by the fifth the white men had and sand where the wheels used to bother to grow hotbed onions nor lost all breath and head work, but sink in to their hubs, when you lettuce for the stranger. He must struggled on desperately for seven

descend into Kanab itself then you go to the hotel with the cowboys more rounds. All through the

know in very truth that you are in and expect to live on meat. He battle the Indians were noble Redthe Colorado river country just as will find a most entertaining lot of skins, as small and tough as Jamuch as if you were in Moab.. All cowboys sitting around the stove panese wrestlers and far superior

is red around you, red mesas, red especially at Christmas time when to the white man in breath, science, fields, and red mud tracks on the they come in from the Paria and and above all in endurance. No

snow in winter which make the even from the farthest eastern wonder they carried home much sidewalks look as though newly reaches of the county. A recent bacon in the form of gate receipts.

beheaded chickens, dripping with Christmas fell on Sunday and so blood, had besprinkled the entire the cowboys all went down to FreTRATTLE royals, however, are town. You see red also figurativedonia, seven miles away, for the only Christmas incidents in

ly when you think of the tourist dance that began Sunday night at Kanab. If you want to get at the

possibilities of the town as a gatemidnight. In honor of the eighheart of the county you must talk

way to the. Grand.Canyon country teenth amendment the Arizona with stockmen, men who have. rid-,

to the south, for Kanab sits at the authorities carefully searched all den the range as far east as the Colparting of three ways and should cars as they arrived. orado, though much of that terriprofit by it. Arizona has promAnother big event for that partory is invaded by sheep and cattle

ised a new road down to the Lee's ticular Christmas in Kanab was the men from Garfield county. In

Ferry Bridge. Another road goes battle royal in the opera house. spite of the fact that up in such

straight down to the north rim, Kanab may be 130 miles from a mountain valleys as Sink, Thomppast Jacob's Lake where a copper railroad but the town had all modsons, Meadow and Skumpah the mountain as big as Bingham's and ern -improvements and devices. best potato crops in the state are

with a four times higher copper Ringside seats on the stage that afgrown, and in spite of the fact that content is soon to be smelted down ternoon sold for a dollar and a east of Kanab lies a plateau of and exported by way of Cedar half. There were 39 of them. rich red soil 100 by 60 miles inexn

City. The third road winds Orchestra seats were only a doltent which a higher rainfall would

across the Arizona strip to the west lar. It wasn't exactly a Chicago make a most productive dry farm

as far as Hurricane, halting at MocDempsey affair but everybody had wheat district, in spite of all that casin and Pipe springs and con- a good time including the manKane is essentially a stock county.

necting the new Utah settlers at ager's wife and baby who had Notwithstanding a postwar break

Cane Beds and Short Creek with ringside seats. First came two ten in prices and a six years'drought

the mother of Arizona colonies on the north. And all the people who

travel these highways want to stop in Kanab for a last luxurious meal before plunging into the primitive unknown, or for baths and hotel piazzas on emerging from the wilds of northern Arizona.

They will find much more in Kanab in summer and autumn than in winter or spring. In summer

the tourist smacks his lips over

Angora goat chops which are often served to him instead of lamb and which he enjoys in his ignorance.

One man when he got home to Chicago found he had short changed the Kanab restaurant to the amount of fifty cents and so sent on the money to the restaurant keeper and spoke joyfully and feelingly of the Kanab chops Kanab Meeting House with marble corner stone brought from Grand Canyon on which he seemed still to be of Colorado.

676 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

many men in the county have measurements. He raised them on is Sunday For?stuck to cattle and have received lucerne land that had already What

good prices. There is B. A. Riggs, grown one crop of potatoes, ma- (Continued from page 673)

heavily the barn land with nuring in thefor been example, has who conago, several he years has and is corrals. yard years manure fromcattle for business He and 55 since. it times atfirmed Many many that fact his success to the tributes thestill head 1,500 running on extestify the to same others can the variety, prolific a planted is he typical strip. aArizona He perience.

cowman, professional both in rope Green Mountain, (anything from work and in horsemanship. Many, Vermont does well in Utah) to the Miners who work on Sundays

however, have gone into sheep and altitude of 7,160 feet, to the soil are always tired out. They have

it is remarkable that with all the free from disease, and to heavy little time to cultivate the better

Kane county sheep outfits there are summer rains. He had a two acre part of their >.ioral or social naneither Mexican nor Bascos, for patch but selected his prize acre tures. If they have families, they

the local men suffice as herders. from the center as according to only board with their families.

Neither is there ever any need of a him "potatoes like company and They do not live and associate pack string, for the sheep men can do better in the center than on with the children. The mother

get everywhere with a wagon. the edge of the field."With his must work Sunday, if the husband

There is still dissension between prize money he paid first ten per does, to a greater extent than she sheep and cattle men but never as cent tithing, then gave $250 to would if he rested. Morally, the

bloody as the western story magthe Seventies, and the rest just example of "Sunday work"is very azines would have you believe. slipped away. Anyway, Mrs. injurious to the family.

One of the McDonald brothers, Pugh says she didn't get a new When "Sunday rest"is obwho owns many sheep in the coundress out of the windfall. served, the ordinary drudgery is

ty, says the only way to make peace dispensed with for the day. The

between sheep and cattle men is to "C VERYONE expects Kane to be parents and children are dressed in have the government take all the *-** a cow county, but potatoes are their best. The family affections

public domain and handle it as it a surprise. The day of the tourist are cultivated and encouraged.

does the national forests. He thinks although beginning as far back as The miners rest and are better able

it would be much better if the Escalante and the Crossing of the to do their work. As an example

sheep and cattle men could settle Fathers is as yet far from reaching of this we will only mention one matters between themselves, but he the highest possible proportions. case of the many that we know of.

regards that as impossible. Just now Kanab with its meeting The case is a foreman whom we

house set on a marble corner stone will call Mason. Mason had

pHARLES nab StakeA. presidencyPUGH of thethinksKailluminatedrified trees byas geologyturn postsand itsin petthe followedin Nevada,miningUtah, forColorado,twenty Monyears

that local men could settle it with road is a unique, self sufficient spot, tana, and New Mexico. He maingreat advantage to sheep men and but it has in it the makings of a tained that the force he had in a

that the present range could supsummer tourist center that will certain camp averaged twentyfive port many more animals if propequal Atlantic City or Tia Juana. per cent better than the same

reason sees in other of minno regulated. any men numbererly He beautiinterest, historical It has ever in admitted ing be ophe had which not camp should sheepwhy to sunsets and ful surroundings

It erated. cattle ranges that "Sunday out of parts came higher theto the in line their in equal anything at rest"the far observed been graze from mine had rarely cattleas with Forest Kaibab world. The results, he himself, such good where had He, holes. or watercreeks

itsdeer and of its herds fascinating all in the others sheep and "Sunday took some years agoforty is far life away, tree not of wealth the custom. was work"side of Kanab west to theover the to road the is of a part and local of horror great the tocreek Canyon. Grand bluehazy writer is informed side of glorious, HT by sevthat wantedstock men who * HEeral operators cattle from different to sacred it it to bethe creek about the best thing And

alone. And yet President Pugh will always be not canyons and States, who have noted the fact for

argued that there was much unutilive stock and scenery, but home a period of years, that the actual lized range, as the cattle were not folks of the Esplin, Riggs or Pugh "time off duty"because of illness, feeding far from the creek. He variety. of the average miner, during the

maintains that better regulation year, where "Sunday work"is the laws would greatly increase the rule, aggregates more time than the number of stock in the county. Sundays of the year.

can further, the that miner Nature love the And of who one holds HOSE President Pugh T other have dull. be They never may (other things works Sundays who Utah, for records potato highest

will least they at but temptations; equal) the does not have 25 bushels and raised 831having beguiled by being being risk of run no

pounds to the acre in Sink Valley ennui, idleness or want of occupahealth, energy or endurance of the during the last year of the war. tion, "to buy the merry madness of miner who works six days in the

penitence the long with an hour It is also freely that admitted week. Califorto doesn't come upThis

of love aftertime."of The general Nathe character of it the Sunday seems but to Scotlandnia nor greatly to keep ture, helps again, us

a big record to Utah people and by ourselves free from those mean and miner, as regards drinking, gamit President Pugh won the Church petty cares which interfere so much bling, and habits of vice generally prize of $1,000, as he entered the with calm'and peace of mind. It is much inferior to the one who

ordinary "euery turns rests Sunday. orSeventies Men are more thecontest through or evening morning walksacrifice."-—into a ceptible Israel to temptation Bishopganization and whensusLubbock. John

Chamberlain testified to correct physically exhausted.

Joseph Smith Modern American Prophet A By JOHN HENRY EVANS

II

the Smith home is an attic in Manchester, and is a particular too, Mr. Williams would be

true the learn pleased a to parthat friend of was It is to boast room. notIN much Joseph's—or

rebe of Christ taken friend. was to Church he had For If of. certain parts ticular to you go long. earth before the stored to interest during in and a great him it, straightof cannot stand you up

without hitting your head on the immediately after the revival. "Mr. Williams,"he had said as soon as

to the conversation round bring he couldslanting said to over roof. "Joseph,"oldfashioned had him tbi? man An

religion, an have "I the had subject of over again, to have ought and "you isfourposter in bed one corner it last. about at 'experience'came And religious experience. Everybody see does—or onlythe kind you nowadays other the of that yours sermon through to. a thaf Folks'll after while wants think

in the picture books or in antiqueyou are an unbeliever, an infidel, one of night, too."

ly furnished rooms. the unregenerates. That's what they'll

Joseph is in bed. There is no think. Why don't you come to church

pleased. preacher was much tonight, HPHE hear and Maybe me preach? elseone in the room. He is prone J- get you'll there. religion might for graciously, smiled And that very He back.on his

lead to experience."an deal a great he boy, of this thought

promise. out held much, who

is asleep. he the not"RUT On said; "tell me good,""That's he had JOSEPH contrary, is very he said nothing—had much it."about promise made no of any kind. If thereawake. a light of were

any kind in the room, even of the He was that wav. There was realSo Joseph had told him everytallow candle or a dip or the pine ly nothing to say, it seemed. For thing—how he had been exercised

knot of the period, you could see he had in truth not taken any part over religion, how he had gone to that the blue eyes are wide open in the revival. He had not wanted the church that night and heard

and staring. More than likely he to. Not that he had been unmoved him preach from the Epistle of

is looking up through that dirt by the revival. He had been very James, how he had gone home and

roof on the loocabin up into the much moved. But he had not read and reread the passage, how

starlit September sky, as is the "barked"like many of the men he had thought and thought over wont of persons who are minded there, nor engaged in the "holy the words of the apostle, how he like him. And he could, too, if laugh,"nor fallen in a faint over had gone to the grove one mornhis eyes were not dimmed now and the descriptions of hell, nor gone ing and prayed to know which of

then by moisture that gathers from to the "penitent bench"to weep the churches was the true one, how somewhere and that he rubs off and be prayed over. He just could a vision had burst upon his sight of

with the back of his hand. Othnot bring himself to do any of the Father and the Son, and how

er times they are brilliant enough. those things. And he wanted an the Church would be restored

Clearly there is trouble in those "experience"the worst kind, too. through him.

eyes. Has something gone wro>g But he had gone to Mr. WilThe minister's face was a puzliams'night, that he zle church and the story while on. going was the during with him day—somegot it there led that to something pleasure. of a look wore At firstthing between one of the had and him

family? For he is very sensitive an "experience."He had heard the That was when Joseph said how

and easily upset where his feelings minister preach from a text in the the preacher's text had helped him. are concerned. Epistle of James—which had most But later it changed, till towards

Tonight he has gone to bed profoundly influenced his young the end it wore a very black look.

earlier than usual, after a hard day's mind and which actually brought And when he spoke it was with work in the field, for he is deteron the vision in that clump of trees anger. *

mined to have it out with himon his father's farm. He said:

self over something that has dis- "Young man, you have had a vision his peaceturbed of mind. all it right, devil. a but the vision of was then, after ingreat that ND A 1 It a vision of the not was Lord. God cident, Joseph had met Mr.

a does vision give to not any one nowalies there, S he clasped Williams. this hands glad of was A He all least days, to of a not does boy who* * his tell head, under he thinks opportunity to and the reverend even the to church. belong don't need We

feels intensely. gentleman of that event, because them any more. And as for the church of

restored Christ being through His the minister runs instruthe over mind been back had really you—that

is I ridiculous, perfectly preposterous! last three in since a half mental years in a and putting frame him

tell the to you, road to you're want onthat bright spring receive in to the of vision. the morning mind And hell; I what's more, don't to and want

grove. Many things have happened no doubt the preacher, on his part, have anything to do with you. You can

to him. One in particular. would be glad to know that somego to hell for anything I care."

He recalls his conversation with thing he had done had been helpthe Reverend Mr. Williams. Mr. ful to the boy, whom he wanted And he had got up and gone

Williams is a Methodist minister so much to influence. Very likely, away in a great huff.

678 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

JOSEPH had been thunderstruck. because he is an uneducated boy.

He could not understand. He But it is an earnest, sincere prayer.was altogether nonplussed. What TJL HE song, "Peace, be Still,"Joseph prays only when he cannot

had he done, anyway? He had brought me back to a little sail 1 help it, when he feels impelled to

Geneseret. took I there on the Lake the told inner need, onlyonly had do so by an and power truth. He

read Testament and my is resist. related experience he cannot he had an a power to by He stilling brethren the of Jesus had. myopened

That was all. Other people's restorm on that same lake. I imagnot one of those who pray merely

ligious experiences had not been ined myself back to that time, when because they are supposed to pray.

flouted that way. At least, he had he was lying in the boat asleep, and He confesses to not having been

not heard of their being flouted by his disciples were afraid they would as seriousminded as became one the waves. be swallowed by As we to face one. accepted to face, been hadany seen God who has They

along friends our were Arab little too at once. having thought thought he on his more The of sailedafraid far to go shore. from They

the circumstances, the less he said we might have just such a great mission in the earth as that seemed to understand about it. storm any time, and hence they mission had been suggested to him

When he passed the Reverend wanted to hug the shore. We sailed in the great Vision. And he beMr. Williams the next time, that near enough to land to have the seeches the Lord to forgive him for

beautiful oleanders drop into the his yielding in tempto weakness refusedgentleman to look his way boat. this Lessons of kind should in tation to manifest and to him the next thing he at all. And be instilled into the chilhearts of

heard was that his former friend dren. We want them to be able to some way that he really has been

had preached a sermon about igstill the storm of passion, to conforgiven.

norant boys pretending to have trot themselves. We want them to Then he returns to his former

visions these days and putting out be trained in our Sunday Schools position under the light covers.

that they knew more than minto have faith and to put their trust in Master, our has to who power isters of the gospel. is waits. There doubt no XJE overrule even the of persecourse, every Of One in his - whatever knew that whom mind for cution our Angood.—Pres.stormsthe minister referred to. will For Johimself God somehow make thon H. Lund, School Sunday Conseph, in "the ference, is meantime, told to Apr., to be him. had he 1903. known Nor

others of his friends about the disappointed. For, as he lies there

vision. That was, he thought, the expectant, he perceives that his

proper thing to is do, because light. getting Lighter and room isolation it of others asfrom whose

it thatwould show till it is like lighter the not he was grows, an sociation he formerly of had,unbeliever, infidel, an of one and for brightness. noonday He scorn and contempt, hatred! eventhe unconverted. in greatly. It put marvels him Often he lonely, felt very alwaysthe class of the "elect,"not and He turns felt his head and looks he perplexed grieved over and

with the unregenerates. what had happened. about the room. There in front

But why had he not received any of him by the bedside is the glo- "gUT they had treated him with more communications from heavrious figure of a man, standing the same scorn and contempt as en? Lately he had thought much above the floor in utter defiance of

Mr. Williams had exhibited. Moreabout that. For he had been told the law of gravitation.

over, they spurned him, as one who in the vision that the true Church Over all the room it is light as might contaminate them. of Christ would be restored day, but immediately around the

"There goes Joe Smith,"they through him. But when? And person who has just entered is a

would say, as if that was enough how? pillar of very bright light, which

to point him out from everybody Maybe it was because he had is easily distinguishable from the else. And it was. What a difnot lived as he ought to have surrounding light. The head, the

ference it made how you prodone. He had been almost forced feet above the ankles, and the

nounced words! Before, those four to associate with boys whose comhands above the wrists, are bare as

words meant something quite difpany he would not have sought also the bosom, which is not covferent. They signified, "Come, under other circumstances, and ered by the exquisitely white robe

let's join him—he's a jolly good that had influenced him to a lightthat the visitor has on. It is the

fellow."mindedness sometimes that did not figure of a man of middle height

Other preachers, besides Mr. comport very well with the fact and weight. Yet what a man!

Williams, spoke sarcastically of his that he had seen God and Jesus For evidently he has come into the vision. They actually warned their Christ. Doubtless that was the rearoom, not from the stairway encongregations against the boy. It son why he had not received any trance, but either directly through

was all very strange, and altogether more divine communications. the ceiling or the sides of the buildbeyond his comprehension. He was sorry that he had not ing.

his confess father his would mother and sins and and weakfirst is Joseph afraid. For—thatOne comfort there was in it all been better. He would pray. He AT

nessesthe rest of the believed ask the and to forgive family him. Lord * has he not been expecting an

And, anyway, they knew him best. him and restore him to the divine open vision this time. Indeed, he

They knew that he would not favor. has not anticipated the way in

make up a thing like that, that he which his prayer will be answered.

would not lie in so important a 'THROWING aside the covers, he He will be content if only it is anmatter as religion. rises to his knees in bed, puts swered, for he does not wish to

his hands together in front of him, direct the ways of the Lord. The

'"FHREE years and a half this life and prays aloud. thing has been so sudden as to take

off his guard for the moment * had gone on for him—this life It is a simple prayer—simple,. him

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 679

lies His fear, is instantly however, there musing JOSEPH on the Be Fruitful anddispelled singularity the heavenly the of scene through meswhen senger speaks. voice is conpassed which he The had just and

ciliatory pleasing greatly manner marveling and the he had Multiply over what and affable. been told, when he suddenly dis-

"Joseph,"he says, "I am an angel sent covers that his room is again beBy Joseph S. Peery

from the presence of God with a message ginning to get light. Then, in an

to you. My name is Moroni. I once instant, the same heavenly mes- 'T'HE first great commandment of

lived as a man on this continent, but I senger is again at his bedside. A the Lord is, "Be fruitful and

died, and have been raised from the dead. He repeats the very same things multiply and replenish the earth."

called the Nephites. people were "My couple appearance, said the first 1:28.) (Gen he on A married

are the the with Lamanites,They, disrefuse children least to have variation. the without Havwho Indians, ancestors present of the American

as your people have named them. They ing done so, he adds that great obey God's first commandment,

came from Jerusalem six hundred years judgments are coming upon the and will have intense regrets both before Christ. I myself lived here in the desolations by famin this life and in the life to come.

birth. after centuryfourth our Savior's earth—greatine, years, the others to see sword, In advancing and pestilence. And

of destroyed people were on accountMy as before. their disappears again in children the joy of he have their wickedness.

"When my people, the Nephites, lived By this time so deep are the homes that they might have had here, they wrote their doings and sayings impressions on the young man's will be punishment in this world.

on plates of gold. These they handed mind, that he lies there utterly In the next life, how can they face

down from one generation to another, overwhelmed with astonishment at their Maker and explain their retill father, reached hands. they my My heard. has he the and in fusal to both seen populating what aid himwhose was made name Mormon,

surprise, the his to same in perearth? and regret an But sorrow Then all records anof the ofabridgment my

cestors, and gave it to me, with other sonage reappears in the room and they will know the full meaning of records, to finish, and then to hide away repeats the same things that he has the words:

in the earth, so that future peoples, twice related.

especially those race, might own of my to a knowledge read them and come of This time he adds this warning: "Of all sad words of tongue or

their forefathers and also to a knowledge "In consequence of the indigence of your pen, Christ.of

tempt will to try family, father's Satan record this for time has come now it "The are these, saddest might The the purpose plates for the to obtain you a hill It in not revealed. buried to be

rich. have getting must no of But you been."have this receive to are here. far from Youlies to than obtaining them in purpose other

plates bands, and gold of frombook my influenced be not glorify must God. You

it into translate your language the to on Delays are dangerous. mother His build to motive than other up A any by

it world. the to publish tongue andown get Israel, cannot them in Otherwise Peery, you Mrs. kingdom. Harold David

is deposited two stones this book "With at all."says, "A young couple who delay to stones fastened Thesein silver bows.

a breastplate constitute what the ancients having children often bring a curse disappears angel then 'HPHE gets that the wife in a them so for the oncalled Whoever the and urim thummim.

last * third time. Almost and called and thesepossesses by us 'a seer,'was condition she cannot have whereby

God has prepared them for the purpose of immediately Joseph hears the rooschildren. If she obeys God's comrecord. thetranslating is that ters a sign day crow, which chilwillingly has and mandment

the of which consequence "In work the visitation of dawned. the had The this blessdren, great appreciating

is at hands, require to your aboutLord occupied has messenger from God a gift ing as the from God, Lord evil for shall and be good hadyour name among all nations, kindreds, and tongues; the whole night. will help her provide for those

it will be spoken good and evil of among In a little while the boy rises children and she will make a much all peoples."and dresses. And after breakfast better success than the woman who

he goes out into the field to work refuses the blessing of motherhood.

HHHE angel quotes many sayings with his father and his brother She will be honored by the comthe world changed for him! children and by her Maker."Israel—Malachi,"? from the prophetsIsaiah, ofandancient Alvin. But how greatly has the munity, by her children and grandwriter of the Acts. These predicUnfortunately there are some

tions, he says, are on the point of couples who are anxious to have being fulfilled. Nature speaks the voice of children, but this blessing is withhis- A LL of highway dissolution. The a couple them. is on, Such yet,"goes he from time not "The the held with is life strewn of tory and gold the obtain of to"for book you this can taking anjoy have by despoilgreat the that Time, wrecks

it, obtain youplates. do you But when other's child their listen sorrowinto and home er, made. has We

it as except to one, any not showmust as they winds the to fully Autumn hearts. the child happy make They If so. to you permitted do beyou may forests, but dismantled sigh through thereby they become happy. and destroyed."willdo, be you soft will be breath their we know receive the parentjoys of They the Spring, and in the vernal and

That is the substance, though dead flowers and withered foliage hood. They took a child of God

not the exact language, of the anwill blossom and bloom again. And and reared it in all care and tendergel's message to Joseph Smith on liveif a again.man die,Is earthshall thehe,endtoo,of notall, ness. They will receive the comthis occasion. And then, Moroni and death an eternal sleep. Not so, pensation of good works and learn

having finished, the light in the but beyond the grave in the distant the full meaning of the words:

room appeared to gather round the Aiden, hope provides an Elysium of shall mortal the soul where theperson of the heavenly visitor, and as- "Inasmuch as ye have done it life become immortality, and sumehe ascends upward through the an endless splendor.—D. W. Voorunto one of the least of these my

ceiling in a column of brilliant hees. brethren, ye have done it unto

light. me."(Matt. 26:40.)

Abominable Creeds By J. PERCY GODDARD

Member of the Deseret Sunday School Board

II

is hell the irrevocably of prison them that fate grieve theIN abovea previoustitle severalarticle quotationsunder the shut.torments these Japanese is that we teach writers have denied salvation to over of their Roman Catholics and Roman they For

in Catholics turn counted have relatheir parents children, of departed and F. Dr. were from made W.

lost. Protestants the grief their among tives; often they by and show "Eternal books, Hope"Farrar's

is if there us tears. they any their ask So writcited are Quotations from setJudgment,"andand "Mercy * * * I to obliged answer and hope am ers that out estimated have who teachings frightful the forth isting grief absolutely there none. that The

five possibly out of or thousand affects at wonderthis torments them and current that were "hell"regarding of ten thousand one human being pine with sorrow they fully; almost away a century ago.in Christendom

* * tears * I restrain hardly saved. can be my might conquotations several The to seeing so dear at many sometimes my

tained in this article seem justified heart suffer such intense pain about a "Du Moulin, a History Professor at on the grounds that the books thing which is already done with and can Oxford, published a book in 1680 on the

Elect'of the part 'Number the of of which 144. P. be undone.'and never print of outquoted are now

title 'proving plainly scripture was from the Westminster of opinion "The a very few only accessible toare in that not (nay, one thousand a hundred in their expressed as Divines, of Assembly readers. Larger Catechism, is that 'they who, probably not one in a million,) from

having never heard the Gospel, know not Adam down to our day, shall be saved.'

sufficiently even not Yet went Moulin vast canin believe Du him, the not Christ, "that Jesus and doctrine the far his for of readers."P. 151. some diligent to so never they saved, be be not are of mankindr\N majority light of the to according lives their frame the endless torments,"todoomed religion that which of to the law or nature effect to the the of docAS are quotations fromfollowing profess.'they trine of "endless punishment"five Judgandchapter of Misof "Mercy the Board American "Again, we read in the introductory chapterment:"sions say in their appeal, 'Within the last

"1. Of the case of unbaptised infants I thirty years a whole generation of five to "Mercy and Judgment:""I

will say very little. Their 'damnation'is hundred millions have gone down to had become aware that the minds

tract in their again death;'eternal on and slight 'of a asserted to verygraciously be of hopemany

Effort,'to Missionary Great Motive 'The the opinioncharacter.'been has Still what lessly use no * * * are expressly 'the doomed heathen of theand—Iliving werecan since the days writers Christianof most the by millions of other perdition. Six hundred to St. about them? Augustine harassedword—devastatedof

"Their damnation was affirmed by the deathless souls on the brink of hell! What horror with which they brooded

popular spectacle!'Again, most 'The a over fate the of dead. the thesecond of Council of canon Carthage. The

recently asked has in England preacher the Diospolis, of "At A. Synod D. his happiness their of lives shatwas to beds our fellowbelievers, 'Can go we it the express seven of one415, was made tered, the peace their of souls desIndia, Japan, and sleep China, while and againstcharges Pelagius that taught he had "troyed, not the sense earthly of P. 147. are by being damned?'nations other'that infants unbaptised dying enjoy

eternal life, though they do not enter the "Indeed it seems superfluous to pause bereavement, but by the terrible

Kingdom of Heaven."over the proof that the everlasting dambelief that brother, or son, or wife,

the been has the heathen of common nation St. said,''"It says can be lightly or husband had passed away into that find church, the in we when opinion infants, 'thatAugustine, of out passing physical toranguish and physical to overwritten treatises been have whole in willthe a be baptism, without body

damnation the mildest of all.'He conthrow the common opinion as to the damment, endless, and beyond all utdemned the notion of a limbus infantum, nation of even the purest and the most terance excruciating. Such thoughts

urging that there was no middle place. illustrious of them."Pp. 145-6. did not trouble the careless or the

could Christ not with was one whoAny brutal, to supposed be who might the said, points exceptnot, be he with anywhere then TvEAN FARRAR need troubled them. only Theydevil. Protestant out that many the tenderhearted the sincere. and sees spirits inthe unbaptised of "Dante

fants in the first circle of the inferno, They were the direct result of the where they live in desire of seeing God, religious teaching which they had but without hope. 1 DESIRE, the Lord giving me received from their earliest years.

infants of "The damnation faith was an declare spirit, to achis my in To the irreligious poor the comdoctrine ofknowledged Calvinism. the of Son of mission When divine the

George Keith impugned the doctrine, God, who spoke as no man ever mon presentment of 'endless torCotton Mather, and other Boston ministers spoke; who announced principles ment'was a mere stumblingblock:

wrote a treatise against him (A. D. and doctrine that no man ever to the best of the religious it was

expressly proclaimed the enunciated, maintained 1690), and and who in a permanent misery. The irreliterms, the planreprobation of infants if the clearest possible unbaptised.

"It was also the all but universal of life and salvation; and gave his gious are driven to disbelieve in

opinion among Roman Catholics."P. 141. own life and name to the world, any punishment, because they have

"2 What have been the prevalent as the only means and name under heard the punishment with which saved be can heaven by which man as the salvation the toopinions of are in described threatened in of they the exalted Kingdom alone, vast evenHeathen, who, form the such a unbeas to be utterly way Smith, Joseph F. ofmajority andGod.—President mankind?

"St. Francis Xavier wrote, in 1552, Oct. 4, 1907. lievable; the religious accept these

'One of the things that most pains and coarse pictures, and are either

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 681 hardened by them into lovelessness "U7HETHER through direct oror crushed into despair. Pharisa- W indirect contact with "Morgreat the truth which HIS is the forty literature Infidelity during are theism twin and I mon"Treferred that to since a moment had Gospel the restored years that everychildren of of theology form

offer the to to has Mormonism or in England, of the preached tenderness obscures beenwhich is It that principle world. a was

revelation, and belies the love of unknown to men in our generation through the inspiration of heaven

God."Pp. 4-5. until it Was revealed through God's granted to a great and generous

chosen servant in these last days, soul, certain it is that the light rethe Prophet Joseph Smith. We vealed to men through Joseph

this right in our message hand of the effects the mind of such carry chapter four the Smith had reached ["N tell to the not only world. men We concluding discussed are wrote these further teachings man who shall the that of be immortality

as follows: after the resurrection, but we tell paragraphs to the book, "Mercy

the that of immortality Judgment:"them exand

as these unauthorized "And isted earthlife their before began.

hellcertainly as Iof torments are,—falsedescriptions the origin that mfsts is shroud The Love. that believe "I God tobelieve of they most them be,—have of wd'.eth philthat perplex the that all men to and believe man "I God todone humanity? no harm

are osophers bepushed saved. away, and be

it that they seems have done me "To hold! beginningless into a look all we to given that believe God has "Ideadly harm.

past, as the into that look forward an and immortality gift of the men it first place they the have "In made endless repentance. B. H. Robare without gifts of God future.—Pres.we

difficult multitudes for to accept anyvery erts, Conference, Apr. 1904. shall stand every that believe man "I religion a topart of comes them which and Christ, of judgmentseat the before glare. lurid in a suchenveloped They

deeds. his to according judged shall be in faithful raised an mindshave many

almost insuperable difficulty in accepting "I believe that man's destiny stops not the real revelation as to the world beyond liefs which have been taught by at the grave, and that many who knew the grave. They have created the perfect hundreds of individual preachers, is not Christ here will know him there.

fear which casts out all love."P. 109. because Scriptural teaching on this "I believe that 'in the depths of the

opbe there compassion may Divine "Again, they have left good made has men subject for very wide room state.'future in the to win portunity life. ofdespair despair humanity, of God diversities of opinion."P. 8. by that "I believe fruitfulsaid to multiply; 'Be and man, faithhereafter—whether light this of In the statement death'of 'almostsacrament the of if it means these true, doctrines bebut they makethis the most cruel of all commands, and is clear that the biblical scriptures or in other ways unknown to us—God's

the animals are transcendently happier, and had not been a sufficient guide, and mercy may reach many who, to all earthly have a lot to be unspeakably envied by that there was surely a need for appearance, might seem to us to die in a state. unregenerate lost andmillions well of mankind. Bunyan may to dissinew revelations from Godsay, 'I blessed the the of condition is that the punishment believe "I dog pate the "gross darkness"enthat toad, perish to becauseor they had no soul inflictions, but arbitrary effected, not by

under the everlasting weight of hell.''I veloped the minds of the people. by natural and inevitable consequences, and

fancy,'said the pious and able Henry How grateful we should be that therefore that the expressions which have

Rogers, 'I should not grieve if the whole God has made clear to his Latterbeen interpreted to mean physical and race of its in died mankind fourth year. are flame material agonies and by worm in his that day Church mercy and

alien- a state for of remorse metaphors and far as see, I can As we tbaf not do know love there is hope, sineven for the it ation God. from be would a thing to be lamented.'much ner, in the after life beyond, he belief theThus, in false these representapreached that Christ and "I believe went

tions has driven holy Christian men to shall have paid the just penalty for to the spirits in prison, and I see reasons conclusions differing but little from those his evil deeds. What a flood of to hope that since the Gospel was thus

of the most infidel advanced dead,'and 'to were that materialpreached them once light is and given to wisdom manism, declares which the existence in offers of of the mercy some God's may manin the kind glorious revelation conkind to a be soul, miserable after the to even mistake."be extended form P. 110. stituting section the of seventysix death. "It these was doctrines which made men Doctrine Covenants. and How thatthink they did degrees there of will service be believe that "I God thrustby

ing martyrs to gasp out their souls in the thankful we should be for the docblessedness and degrees of punishment or flames of Toledo and of Smithfield. 'As trine of Salvation for the Dead deprivation, and I see reasons to hope that

the souls heretics of there hereafter gradual of mitigations penal be to be may the of those whereby redemption eternally burning in of Will to all that souls accept the doom the was is hell,'—suchare died have in ignorance whoreasoning of Queen respecting them. in Mary defence God Tudorof her awful persecution.—'there can be made possible. "And I believe that to be without God

nothing more proper than for me to imThere have been numerous critis 'hell'; and that in this sense there is a

itate the Divine Vengeance by burning ics of the "Mormon"doctrine of hell beyond the grave; and that for any

them on earth.'"P. 116. "hope beyond the grave."Let soul to fall even for a time into this conbelief popular in "The dition, hardit be through the though inconceivable its own Farrar Dean answer them: "Nothbrutalities, (as which resistance are of they God's ened impenitence and told) went ing is to more strange me than in hell,on terrible the grace, is prospect; indifferent made and a very awful men to the

guilt and shame of inflicting torments on constantly recurring objection that and that in this sense there may be for the bodies of their fellowmen."the Gospel of Eternal Hope derosome souls an endless hell. But I see

gates from the necessity for the awreason to hope that through God's mercy,

Christ's sacmerits of the and through selfsacrifice ful It seems of Christ.

rifice, of mankind the great majority may Dr. Farrar discusses that7HILE the blessedness that of to me this For, delivered awful doom. from be vv such teachings sacrifice its if I is infinitely have enhanced Scriptures, though, as we the to according

quoted as being the "common effects be powerful even beyond the know not what its nature will be or how view"he maintains that some thegrave: and that our love and gratiit will be effected,

ologians have advanced a broader tude to him is unspeakably inten- "I believe in the restitution of all view, and then says: "The reasified if we can believe that even in things; and

of that time coming Catholic death neither theson why in sense what I cannot of branch the English norChurch, or to fathom our souls."—Prefacehe is able and willingto Eternalto save pretendwhen,—though"I believeto explainin the

it, has ever defined the precise beHope. P. XIV. Cod will be all in all."

Nellie Sue Comes to Her Senses By FLORENCE HARTMAN TOWNSEND

SUE hadrisen with N,ELLIErebellion in her heart.

She tried to account to herself for pies to bake and chickens to fry They always added, "Come to see her mood as she went to the garand sheets and towels and pillowus some time, Nellie Sue."Some

den for vegetables. cases to wash and iron. All sumtime! That some time grew more

"It's just that—that—I—well, mer long Nellie Sue had done these vague with each passing year.

I don't know what's the matter the kinfoik found a time been when Nelhad There who things—for me."with a source of seriously the farm such of joy and lie Sue thought had

She kicked the gate to behind peace and rest in summer. For visiting her cousins in the city;

her and flushed guiltily at her as many summers as she could rehad had visions of attending the act.childish a reattempted She member done theater she had a concert, perhaps, and and this—compentant bit of song as she began cooking cleaning pany and and entertained of being with parties

gathering the peas, a bit of song dishwashing and washing and and teas. That dream had faded

that fell flat on the still morning ironing. Had done it matterof- to thin air. She had never seen

air, and died completely at the end factly, gladly, uncomplainingly. the inside of her cousins'homes.

of the first line. There was Aunt Lou and her four

children who spent each June at home. Sara Aunt and Uncle at she looked N<|OW was while she ILT was Jack first came the who week in the she paper blank which uponshelling the peas for dinner that the each July. the cousins Then two to was pen an invitation and her carriermailpassed left flag and the relatives from Wakeford, other and vindictively. eyes dark snappedup. She aside put her pan and went age of varying degree of kinand

to retrieve the letter and the daily ship, who came for just a day or "I've been an idiot. All of us

paper.The letter was for her grandtwo. And now the two cousins, have. What do we get out of this

mother and she carried it in to her. grandma's nieces and their two but hard work? And in the very

"It's from your Cousin Floy,"daughters, from Springfield. The hardest season of the year. All

grandmother peered over her glasstwo spare rooms had hardly been day yesterday I canned peaches es to say. "She and Cousin Belle vacant a day since the first of June, thirty jars. All the day before I

and the girls want to come out for and today was August second. pickled peaches, and all the days

a week. She says if it's not convenFurthermore, Cousin Floy and before, back to June first, I've

ient, to let them know, but if she Cousin Belle, while very charming cooked and slaved for unappreciadoesn't hear from us she will know and cultured and lovable ladies intive guests—kinfolk. Not a day's

I can'tit's all right for them to come. deed, were the very hardest of all vacation have I had—ever.

But you write anyway, Nellie Sue. to cook for. Cousin Belle counted see that they need it any worse

It seems more hospitable. Tell her calories and Cousin Floy ate than I, but they never reverse the

them to come right on. I'll be thus and so, and the two hearty order and have me visit them. And

I'll not be a jelly fish any longer.real glad to see the girls. It's been girls ate everything—especially

quite a spell since they were here. fried chicken and cake. When the At last I've come to my senses, and

Your uncle's going to town after latter were babies, there on visits I'm going to make"use of them!

a while and if you'll hurry you with their mothers, Nellie Sue it I'm going to can get the letter ready for him to was who could be trusted with She did not finish the sentence mail, and they'll get it tomorrow."their formulas and cereals. And but dabbled the pen vigorously in

"Yes ma'am."now it was still Nellie Sue who the ink bottle. It moved rapidly

could be trusted with the special across the white page, leaving a salad dressing that had no food heavy, jerky, black scrawl behind,

Nellie sue went value, and had to be told only once that was in decided contrast to her reluctantly to her room. More rethat Cousin Floy wanted this and usual neat and dainty penmanship.

luctantly still she found pen and that for breakfast and something paper. The unrest in her heart else for dinner and what not for Dear Cousin Floy: (the letter ran)

left supper. theywas seething. Always She when knew now what

if to, but Aunt'a you want Come on they told deeply her Nellie Sue world.was wrong with She how is she's worse having rheumatism and

was tired of company. And now, they appreciated her efforts and dreadful time with her last hatching ofa

(she paused only a splitmore company. More cakes and what a lovely visit they had had. fall chicks, and—

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 683 second)—I'm thinking of taking a little fore turning up the hems of her shameless with it. She even thought

vacation myself at this time. frocks exactly four inches? Furof having her lovely hair cut. She

Hastily, Nellie Sue. thermore, she was going to buy a was positive she'd visit a beauty

readymade dress. The fact that parlor anyway, just for fun.

"Well, I don't know but what she had never had one was suffiThere was not a thrill due her

I shall,"she confided to herself as cient reason why she should have that Nellie Sue missed. She went

she sealed the envelope and took it one now. It was to be very smart to a palatial hotel for twentyfour

down for her uncle to mail. and very, very colorful] She hours and felt like Cinderella.

was going to eat, alone, in the Then she very prudently found a city's most fashionable restaurant, respectable boarding place more in

H:.ER sudden desire for wearing the new smart dress. Nellie keeping with a cinder girl's purse.

change of climate increased in proSue, whose most extreme frivolity She attended the style show and portion to the heat of the day, so had been Sunday School picnics, resolved all over again to own one that when night came she went so was thrilled at the thought. But of those smart and flaring dressris-far as all. clothes to get her be to in order, that not was With es. the girls chic were, and How

its grip, at breakfast the reaching revoltpack her and ing spirits and a bought pretty! She and young

table intention. she her announced peak, she a daring had more so hardly smart, but quite frock,

It had taken considerable musterthought. She, who had gone to short, after all, as last year's

this. toing of courage every of manage School Sunday Sunday heeled pumps high models. The

all idea object. life would natural herThey The planned what had

still and touch, smarter a added a perfectly well,of healthy essence young the her to very seemed Nellie went Sue came Sunday of when the a needing the she to going wickedness;woman was vacation—in conscience, of theatre, heavy to the

city! her determination had In theatre a broad But Sunday. on that pun- a presentiment with and it desires with and newgrown daylight, her tobe-purin open breaking Sabbath her for ishment least desires ator renewed that had frock, highheeled chased and inevitable. was at this encourageslightthemselves leather gopatent was yes,pumps—she

revelation. the She a to Nellie goingment. Sue was show was The ing. a movie, you, Not mind

city. She would attend the style but a show. She had never seen hadn't dreamed it would be so darshow at Foster's. Cousin Floy one, but she would. She neglecting. She looked straight ahead in

and Belle might smile, remembered to mention her intention to the shocked fascination. She could not

ing her dresses four inches too long family lest they detain her by sheer bring herself to join in the applause and her uncut hair. Well, let them! physical force. The style show and she found none of it funny,

How could they know she wore had been shock enough. as many did. She fled when the

them thus to please her decidedly curtain fell, in confusion and reold-fashioned grandmother. Poor lief.

grandma, who thought all the NiIELLIE SUE tingled young folk but Nellie Sue had gone clear down into the sensible heels to the dogs because they wore short of her sensible oxfords. If she rERHAPS in her conskirts and hair! Nellie Sue wanthad been sixteen instead of twenfusion she failed to watch her step

ed them as badly as anybody. Hadty-four she couldn't have felt closely, or perhaps the unaccus-

n't she sat up half the night benor And utterly tomed heels were to blame; at any acted—giddier. rate, when a big car came around

the corner just as she stepped from the curb, she went down under its wheels with terrifying force, and at the lunch hour, that she had meant to spend in a fashionable restaurant, she was regaining consciousness in a hospital.

A plain little nurse with wispy blonde hair smiled down at her, and then she retreated queerly into space and then was there again. She

became conscious of other persons moving about and talking softly.

When she tried to turn her head she found it very heavy and very sore. There were energetic pains

in her ankle and in her left arm that raced in a frolicsome manner up and down, down and up.

The nurse spoke. "You'll soon

be better now. You met with an

accident.""Yes, I remember."

"Just lie perfectly quiet and rest,"she admonished, and slipped noiselessly away.

A plain little nurse with wispy blonde hair, smiled down at her. (Continued on page 716)

Centennial Gathering, A o Youth

THIRTYFIVE times, in thirKimball, presented at the Sunday on by the missions. She stated

tyfive years, have the thoumorning session, that in the European Mission M.

sands of devoted workers I. A. activities are the means of

comprising the leadership of the Annual Messages of General interesting many people in the

Association ImprovementMutual Superintendent and President terest.Gospel andShe spokeof holdingbrieflytheiron theinChrist of of Jesus the Church of

conference the of read theme and in assembled Saints the characterizedLatterday were by HTHESE excerpts the Doctrine and from gatherfeel- conferences. sincerity * usual These great deep and latter this concerning Covenants of treoccasions ing been of Superintendent ings have AlGeorge

mendous enthusiasm; times of inbert Smith and President Ruth day work.

terchanging of ideas and inspiraMay Fox.

tion, and gaining instruction for They expressed warm appreciLaw Observance the work of the coming year. ation for the opportunity for association with the young people HTHE M. I. A. has always been

'"THE 1930 gathering was outof the Church and for their lead- * deeply concerned with the mat- * standing in many respects, ers who render diligent and conter of law observance. In harechoing as it did the spirit of the scientious service in the Mutual Immony with the ideals of the

general conference in April with its provement Association, Church it has endeavored to inculmemorable Pageant, "The Message Superintendent Smith referred cate in the hearts of its members of the Ages/'and making its own to the harmony existing between a deep love of country and regard contribution to the great Cententhe two General Boards and plead for its statutes. The Slogans for

nial Year. This was not only a for united effort among all officers the two years immediately pregathering of officers but of the in carrying forward the great Muceding bore directly on this subyouth of the Church as well, and tual Improvement cause. ject: "We Stand for Law; for

gloriously did they avail themPresident Fox spoke regarding the people who live it and the ofselves of the opportunity for exthe splendid work being carried fleers who enforce it;"and "We

pression. Stand for the Preservation

of our Heritage through Obedience to Law."This

The Theme and the subject has also been the

Slogan central objective of the i Adult Department project, "[7EEKS before the time the members of that group appointed the Theme having worked zealously to for this June Conferencedisseminate information

the development of betterOnwardIdeals—hadwithbeen announcedMormon which would contribute toand soon became the moticitizenshio. The younger

vating force, not only colmembers throughout the oring all the preparations, Church also have been enbut creating a background couraged to write and speak for the event itself, and firalong this line, as a result of ing the participants with which many excellent essays determination to make and stirring talks have been these ideals a vital force in presented. At an officers'

the future. meeting in April the specific

Growing out of this phases of law observance theme the Slogan for the Nephi Ward, Juab Stake Prohibition, the Tobacco treatcoming year was formuWinners Double Mixed Quartette evil, and Safety—were

ed under the caption "Vitallated—"We Stand for Loy- M. I. A. Contest Finals

al Adherence to Latterday Problems Confront Us,"

Saint Ideals."Displayed Back row, left to right: Clarence Warner, J. Ralph and the leaders were urged

on a modest gold and green Barnes, Samuel G. Paxman. to return to their homes and

banner this slogan carried Middle row: Mrs. J. Ralph Barnes, Mrs. Robert begin an active campaign

its message into every heart, Winn, Mrs. A. J. Crapo, T. D. Davis. for general education in enpreparing the way for the Bottom row. Mrs. T. D. Davis; Wallace L. Martin, forcing the law in these reforceful address by Mary C. director; Mrs. Ivan J. Golden, accompanist. spects.

.

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 685

When, therefore, this vital subject was again taken up at the

June Conference it met with enthusiastic response bv the many hundreds there assembled. Oscar

A. Kirkham, in his forceful manner, vividly pictured the evils resulting from negligence in these

matters and challenged the leaders of youth the Church over to maintain the high standards of their religion and inspire those under their direction to do likewise.

With deep feeling he related the following incident: A group of

young people were gathered at a certain home. The father of the

host, in an effort to promote the festive spirit of the occasion, brought into the scene some liquid refreshments from the cellar. Contestants in Grand Finals of M. I. A. Dance Contest

Smilingly he passed it around, urging all to partake. One young manifest by referring to a vow he this general session and at a deman refused. Again the flask went himself had once made when partment meeting.

the second around, time and when the standing grave of by Great a boyheld encouragement was insisted, father the he declined, friend, the destrucvictim of their to those out rehood passed have who it; it marking, won't hurt "Take tive appetite, to the effect after to reach those things that youth

you"and the boy yielded. Six he would fight tobacco and liquor which make for the abundant life.

months later, this man was called all his life. Many contacts and interests should

a to a court lad room, where had seeking formed. be Continuous session This also was marked just killing convicted for the been

is after full in knowledge harmony by impressive two the moments, aof child the driving while under ideals. Latterday Saint with The first the audience when spontaneinfluence It liquor. the of boy was is that "as once thought God man ously arose in greeting to Martha to partake induced he hadwhom is as that and was may man God Tingey, H. President former of tense, of liquor. the and White is of a glorious concept become"I. the L. re- Y. her A. M. upon this father question: the asked evolution. seeks and Church The to sponding the invitation to speak killed child?"the"Who its after desires seek to members briefly; the second, and all when

is "lovely, that or virtuous present in silent stood tribute J. BALMELVIN LDER report,"praiseworthy, or of good the late of the memory Juniuspthat proposed arose and I. LARD the motto, Rto alland A. "The M. Wells, organizer of the Y. M. M. I. all pledge themworkers A. M. is is a Intelligence"of Glory God I. A.selves this followto the in meeting adto endeavor constant spur and

ing resolutions: vancement.

1 We will learn the regulations Adult Education concerning liquor, tobacco and Contests safety; and study and learn the A RE people ever too old to learn?

laws. * Does education end with the "EXCEEDING everything else in 2. We will observe these laws high school or college? What openthusiasm, perhaps, were the

ourselves. This may take courage, portunities are open to adults? contest activities of the conference.

but we cannot afford to do less, he These were the questions which The Latterday Saints, from the stated. formed the basis of the discussion days of Brigham Young, have rec-

3. We will cooperate in the at one entire session of the conferognized the necessity for recreastrict enforcement of these laws. ence. And the conclusions reached tional interests, and toward this

The greatest thing in law enforcewere that maturity of years is not a end the M. I. A. has put into its

ment is public sentiment. Let us bar to the exercise of the mental program a system designed to decreate a public sentiment for law powers in acquiring knowledge, velop and expand cultural activienforcement. that education does not end with ties and put into the lives of the

4. We will do all we can to get school life but that it is a life job; young people an appreciation for

others to do the same. and that the opportunities for the fine and true and artistic.

A vote was taken by the show adults to acquire education and exPreceded by several stages of of hands and pronounced unanperience today are limitless. Dr. elimination, the contestants who

imous. Lowry Nelson, Dr. A. L. Beeley, came to the general finals representThe occasion was made more Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Dr. F. S. ed the various divisions of the

impressive by the presence of the Harris, Mrs. Lucy W. Smith, Mrs. Church from smallest rural hamlet

President of the Church. In the Rose W. Bennett, Director F. W. to the most populous cities. Officers

course of his brief address he heartReynolds and Director Arch M. and leaders of the different groups

ily endorsed the resolution passed Thurman ably discussed these and accompanied them, proud of their and strengthened the sentiment other phases of Adult Education at accomplishments, hopeful of win- 1 686 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

ning further honors but determined themselves gloriously and shed ringly dramatic incidents in the to lose gracefully if losing were honor upon the Stakes they were lives of Church leaders while the their lot. Beginning with a representing. latter, on the great Pageant stage

luncheon meeting on Friday, atAltogether the contest features of the Tabernacle, gave a colorful tended by representatives from alof the 1930 June Conference were picture of the BeeHive in action most every stake and called for the kind to live forever in the and of the charm and spiritual the purpose of discussing the conhearts of participants and spectabeauty of the "Junior Roses."

test plans now in force and maktors. Not the winning of the race, (For details of these programs, see

ing suggestions for helpful changes, but the way the race is run is the pp. 666-7.)

the subject was carried through the thing which counts, and surely It was fitting that the closing

Friday evening dance contest at every race was run most beautifully session should give increased emSaltair, the finals in drama, public and with desirable results. phasis and impetus to both Theme

speaking, retold story, and music, and Slogan and this was effectively covering the features of mixed Social Features accomplished in the challenging double quartet, male chorus, ladies'cry "Carry On,"voiced in song chorus, instrumental trio and orAMONG the most attractive and sentiment by representatives ofchestra, and culminating in a glofeatures of M. I. A. work are the M MenGleaners of the

rious presentation of the winning the happy relationships which are Church, 5,000 strong. This was

numbers at the Tabernacle, Saturformed in social contact. The an- a glorious e|vent, stirring the

day evening, and the according of nual conference does much to prohearts of all who were present recognition to all who had qualmote these, bringing together, as with confidence in the integrity ified for first and second places in it does, officers and leaders from all and faith of theyouth of "Morthe various events. parts of the Church. Exceptionmondom."With simple sincerity,

The dancing contest at the Lake ally pleasant were the luncheons yet with ringing enthusiasm they was a demonstration of all that given at Saltair, for the thousands pledged their devotion to maintain was beautiful and esthetic in one of stake delegates in attendance and the ideals for which their fathers of the loveliest of the arts. Girls at the Hotel Utah for Stake Suhave stood. One, listening, could

in dainty dresses, boys in digniperintendents and Presidents. but feel that in such hands the fufied black, united in an exhibition Warm friendliness, congenial interture of the Church is safe.

of grace and form and technique ests, and the spirit of fun and merWell indeed does the M Menwhich could not have failed to riment, made both of these events Gleaner Theme song, "Carry On,"thrill the'most skeptical spectator. most delightful. express their loyal spirit.

of the organization youth The (Song.) performed intricate was danceAn

given prominent bewas we hear the desert singing,m r place in the "And almost beauty ease and with yond expression, and the entire proceedings of the conference, three Carry on, carry on, carry on;

event was delightful and gratifyentire sessions being devoted to the Hilts and vales and mountains ing. presentation of their activities. ringing

and carry Vanguards carry on, on! and on, The Scouts Carry on contests held the of Other Girls apJunior colors aloft BeeHive and our Holding lovely. inexpressibly wereSaturday Satglorious in in lovely the on programs peared march dawn We presentwere in which dramaThe birthright, the in noble of former, the the youth morning, urday Oh plays, four casts, included eight ed stircarry carry presenting on, on! Hall, on, Carry Assembly a in amateur drama produced and

manner unsurpassable in some respects. Characterization, costuming, direction and other details had been handled so well that it was Love

believe that the plays difficult to affinity attribute of the heart inborn and the T is an of man OVE professional. were not - in links his heaven. holiest that emotion soul with destiny, the

events what musical The cause has its the soul of man, and die, dies, love and we When of events should such in heaven. be—fullwere the end then comes from on until

breast, the savage soothe to charm possihighest offers the Love are passing of the years but our which was fortunate at such a time bilities of man's achievement. time.

tension. stress Numbers and of is passion a imdivine Love is art strengthsupreme, an Love the localities in various from in the planted human God by cultivation, and ened grows by distributhe wide proved Church heart. life's decline. beautiful with more interest, and talent and of tion is the for incentive our Love

is hope, of a joy born Love the listeners with the thrilled the best measure endeavors, and power they held. of our final reward. Without love sustained by faith, and rewarded

In public speaking, new heights there is no mercy, no justice, no at the sunset of life by the vision were reached, for the subject of the growth. of a better world.

slogan, "We Stand for the PresSin is not purged by prayer Love is the Gospel of the Master ervation of our Heritage through alone or by regrets, but by love. for it was he who said, 'Thou

Obedience to Law"opened up aveTo the extent we love, to that shalt love the Lord thy God with nues of analytical expression not extent are we divine. all thy heart, and with all thy

always discovered when subjects Without love there is no virtue, soul, and with all thy mind, and are more general and optional. and there is no vice that is not with all thy strength, and thou

shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."The eight M Men and an equal love's destroyer. inumber of Gleaner Girls accredited Love is the message of God to—LeRoy Bateman.

Onward With Mormon Ideals Carry On By L. Verl Broadbent*

GODye peoplehas said,of my"Hearken,church O andcil ofendlessthe Godswork.to AdamFrom thecamecounthe Americain an tounparalleledthe great Americantrek acrossdesert, and then in fruitful fields, Hearken ye and give ear to call to carry on. To him as he

him who laid the foundation of was cast from Eden, again the call beautiful cities, great institutionsthe earth."—carry on. From out of bondage of learning and magnificent temples

Isof delivered the children to the century God For Most High. everlasting sent mine "—I have century, sea, carry on. rael and upon over land bade them and Amid into thecovenant to be a world

light to the world, to be a stanthe thunder and lightning of Sinai its echo has rung forth, calling Isdard for my people.... he bade them again to carry on. rael out of the nations, and gather-

"Verily I say unto you all: To Nephi in the wilderness, in ing them unto Zion, into the valArise and shine forth that thy light search of the promised land, again leys of these mountains.

clarion call. the generation From you, And now untomay be a standard for the naMen M to generation the through

is call Gleaners,tions."centuries, and the unto you

all that call on! sake of For the behold "For given—carry carry has on—carrysounded untoon! before, carry onthose who went labor in myI willvineyardbless allwiththosea peopleswho

the those For sake will... who blessing.mighty it prophets heard '"THE and after carry follow the on. In.. it.—of I said A have "Behold obeyed. Christ answered The of shall name whose word him away,. pass earth andHeaven may it life. his Its everlasting with fail never carry on—carry on—pass never willbut word my penetrated the hearts melody of his carry on!..."away. disciples in they sent turn and have

it until the forth day. today even beginning unto our From own sesgiven Gleaner MenTheme at M called the the has seen Into Saints very soul of havewe that God it sion, evening of Sunday I. A. Con- M.

his people to carry on his great burned its way and was answered ference, June 8, 1930.

The Challenge

By Warwick C. Lamoreaux*

M Men and Gleaner Girls: ulations almost to the limit of huand noble womanhood, of courage,

man capacity. Yet they have of perseverance, of virtue.

T REPRESENT your fathers and found it all worth while! Generation by generation, they

your mothers, and those of the Those who sacrificed wealth to nurtured your heritage. Decade

older generation. I am here to gather to Zion have rejoiced beby decade, they improved it, handspeak their thoughts, and to excause they have been privileged to ing it down from father to son unpress the fears of many of the leadmake a sacrifice for the Gospel. til it has come to you. What are

ers of the Church. For a hundred Those who endured hardships did you going to do with it? What

years, men and women have fought not complain. Those who wearily will be your attitude?

preservaestablishment thefor and their across trackthe trudged way believe in sanctity the you Do Christ. For of thetion of Church less this wilderness build to up

as the of they; in did the home years, beena have they hundred their a did land song on so with

virtue families rearing of God, unto revealed in to the truthsclinging lips, a of song thanks unto God or are carried be to with you away given latter have days.these They these a in to lead for prophet them

up their homes, their lands, their latter days. modern movements toward lovewealth, their friends, to follow less marriages and childless homes?

their God. They have gathered Do you believe that the human

from all parts of the earth: from AND while they were working, body is a tabernacle of the spirit

i and singing, and praying; of God as they believed, a body toAmerica, Europe, Asia, Africa,

while they were overcoming kept clean the be strong pure? and and

Australia and the Isles of the sea elements: they while were enduring are off be Or swept your you to

to these mountains and these valpersecution; while they were sacfeet by the cunning appeals of selfleys of the west, to live and worrificing, and building, and growish men who use every human deship in righteousness. For the Gosing, they were planting the seeds vice to deceive people into believpel, some have been martyred and of your heritage, the heritage of ing that tobacco, liquor, and other

many have endured trials and tribfaith, of honor, of noble manhood indulgencies are beneficial?

688 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

Do you cling to the belief that And lastly, do you love your I challenge you!

religion creations are States ofthe your your United Church——Gleanme, and Answer Men M its in constitution faith ofthe government have and God? you Do acif ers, will! one you With for the establishedthe purpose? high Almighty, you would What

tell us! cord answer, and

sacrifice it?benefit to of all for going mankind, and worthy Are you

of the loyal support of all citizens live the laws of God, and keep his (The young men and women, as did your fathers, or are you to commandments? Or are you to five thousand strong rose and sang:

be led astray by the false propabe among those who, deceived by "True to the Faith."

ganda of those who eat at the very the craftiness of mortal men, turn heart of the nation by breaking its their backs on the everlasting pre- *Talk given at June Conference, Sunlaws, and dishonoring its purpose? cepts of God? day evening, June 8, 1930.

Home By Maurine Burt "V\7Ew Gleanerhave heardGirlstheandcall,M andMen,as sanctitymay learnof andthe grow,home wherereachingyouthuplavender(Bugle,a Gleanerand dressedGirl says)in palest:

whose project is "I Will Contribward and onward, aspiring to the "I will carry on by keeping the ute Each Day to the Honor and infinite, linking time to eternity, Word of Wisdom."

Happiness of the Home,"we are where the true art of living has its girl arising the gowned (Bugle,prepared to answer the challenge. final consummation.

: repeats) in rose and now

has meantwo word home The will pledge observed be "My so, the the of Zion, it youth sense means the A ND broad ings. In daily to and devotion by home "girls of today, boys and we term, its restricted In "country."country."expect to the be mothers and who it place the famwhere "the means

ily lives and loves and grows and fathers of tomorrow, we who are (Bugle. A Gleaner girl in Alice

develops."daily reaping the blessings which blue says):

pioneers homeloving our sowed carry on contribution to "My it of Zion, us, the youth To graticultivated, and whose and ideals will be with my Mormon towering our than moremeans translates heritage tude for that service to render endeavor humble valleys. blossoming and mountains living ideals those into everyday in teachthe the through Church a reared empire on an It means to perpetuate determination a with little ing children."of divine a in faith of foundation chalthis purposes, those answer cause; it means the achievement of lenge to carry on. (Bugle. Now we have an M

a spiritual ideal, for home is the Man, he arises and answers):

a after Call, (Bugle which the foundation the nation, of heart conto an I mean "As M arises in light Girl in Gleaner blue universe. the of tribute good morthese repeats the audience and health—mental,Man

the spirit is al the It place where physical and health, the with: words)

of the family may find expression. ambition to provide for those who

It holds the germ of all those fine "I will carry on by manifesting shall on me depend."

faith of Jesus in the Gospel assure which simple virtues and (Bugle. reAnother M Man a soChrist."of power durability and the

: sponds with these words)

is It God's where institution. cial (Bugle, a following which

plan has its fruition. At the base Gleaner Girl in pink responds): "My answer to carry on with

of the home is found respect for Mormon ideals is to bring to the the past; an understanding of the "I will contribute each day to home the divine Priesthood of

present, and the anticipation and the honor of the home by observGod."

reaching out for the future. ing my daily prayers."(While the following chorus is

third girl dressed (Bugle, and a deserves living of daily The art: this pledge) repeats It is in yellow beingM Mensung,whothehaveGleanerjust beenGirlsspeakand arts. the fine a place among

the art of extracting from life its "My Gleaner pledge will be obing are proceeding down the aisles highest enjoyment and, through it, served by being pure in heart."and ascending the platform where

reaching its highest ideals. (Bugle, while another Gleaner centralthey formspeakers.)in positions back of the

: Girl in a peach says) of gown enCreator has benevolent A In concert declare: they is "It caeminent with mankind dowed contribution carry to on "My our prayer that indithrough an has set him for enjoyment; pacity the ideals will be with Mormon vidual testimony of divinity of the surworld; fair lovely a and in the to endeavor exemplify thought this Latterday ideals these work, and things good with him rounded is Intelligence'Glory 'The of God realized be as may Gleaner and disposithe given beautiful, him seeking good from knowledge by Girls and resolve to we Men M enserve, produce love, and to tion books."these exemplify principles conby honorable an thus become joy, and

each after (Bugle, to a Gleaner tributing day which the honor God's being, bringing and happy: of and happiness repeats) the in green home."founGirl to perfection. And as a work

dation to build on, he has endowed "My pledge of honor to the (Chorus sings one verse of mankind with the protection of home is to pay tithes to the Lord.""Love at Home."

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 689

Introduction of President Heber J. Grant

By James Sabine*

'"THE youth of this Church has know that down deep in our hearts Mountain valleys, we say that we, 1 been challenged; challenged as we have a feeling of warmth and too, revere the sacredness of the

to our attitude toward religion, gratitude; and we stand ready to home and shall ever strive to keep

government, home, and body. The demonstrate our appreciation. it a sacred fountainhead of purity

challenge shall not pass unheeded. We want the leaders to know and high ideals.

We do not fear to answer frankly that should the existence of our And to you older ones who carand with heads erect. beloved Church ever again be ry on in the present era we say

will of the threatened, indomitable fear for need that not phyour you lives say are that living Some we will forefathers banner be the sical wellbeing. of The Word reourof debauchery crime. and We rally will our which round we is princherished to a us Wisdom theply that and young women for of in forces defense that which ciple ever shall guide our which are of as today lawabidingmen

all. their they gave the to conduct. hope with Look as asand Godfearing they have

ever been. Some call us shiftless, And with our love of Church is future; for we will take up with

indolent, irresponsible. We resent mingled love of country. Our youthful vigor the burdens that

such unfair criticism, and we soleyes are still upon the nation's lie before us, prepared to live, and emnly proclaim that, should the flag; our pulse ever responds to the to die if the need arise, for the

need arise, the young people of this strains of the national anthem. We true Church of God.

Church would as willingly endure love the United States of Amerit ica, in defense be whether andpioneer hardships persecution and lastly to you, President AND shall of national or honor, law weas did fathers our whose memory ** J. leader Grant, in the Heber service. in her valiant be always revere, for the inspirationwe of faith today, we, the people young

those who founded God's Church No! The young people of this of this Church, here tonight affirm

in the face of sacrifice, suffering Church are not hopelessly wicked; our faith in your inspired leaderand death, has become our inspirathey have not forsaken their inship and pledge our wholehearted

tion. The courage of those who heritance; they have not forgotten support in the great task of carrycarried on across desolate plains to God! In humility, they, too, pray ing on.

a desolate valley, has given us and work for the advancement of strength. The industry of those the true Gospel. And now I have the honor of

who made that desolate valley a introducing a leader in the Church haven of beauty has fired us to A ND so to you, founders of our who is a real "scout,"who is welaction, and the blood which flowed ** glorious heritage who carried comed by the M Men as one of through the veins of all those who on in time of crisis, we pledge them, a man who has been called saw a vision and made it a reality ourselves never to forsake the reby God to represent him here on is the same blood which flows ligion for which you lived and earth, a man who is wholly unthrough the veins of the young died. spoiled by authority, who is a conmen and women of this Church To you, who, even in the face stant inspiration to the young men

today. It is the rich, red blood of persecution and abuse, never forand women of this Church, a man

of pioneer stock; it is our pricesook the nation to which you had who is where he is today because

less heritage, and we are grateful pledged allegiance, we say that your he has carried on! because he lives

for it. With such a heritage we example shall not be forgotten, what he teaches. It is my privilege

cannot wander far from the path and that we do not value our lives to introduce our leader, our friend, of integrity. as highly as we do the continued our inspiration., President Heber J.

existence of our Godgiven govGrant.

ernment. Song: "Hail to Our President."

"YJi7"E may not be living lives of To you of the Pioneer period, at v given the Talk M MenGleaner perfection; claim not we do on who carried the building of session I. of the M. A. Conference, June to be. the in these world But we want to homes beautiful Rocky 8, 1930.

President John Taylor's Philosophy

slave! slave. a I cannot, will not be a and

slave friend, I'd be his servant, to Cod! to me if myI'mfriendsin the above!"way on earth, I'll ask my God to take J IWASwouldnotnotbornbe a

bis son. I'd go at his behest; but would not be his slave.

"I rather trust would in the living in than any God I'd slave. rather be I be than feel a friend His I other earth. I power on learned (while missions) on is slave! pierce and am, manacles would The extinctmine:—a that I could to go he and relieved God always me. He very clanking chains grate would upon my hebones—the always supplied wants. I always eat, plenty to my had lost, servile, poor, the crawling lick to wretch soul—amy drink wear, and ride could and railon steamboats or dust smile the and tpon and thing the fawn gave who

roads, or I anywhere thought proper: always opened God lash! wives, to children dig Myself—perchance my my

will way, so and he that my every of will put man who tell to tale the the brick of mud, furnish and mould and his trust in him. * * * straw! our stop! free But Cod's I'm own man:

I will not, cannot be a slave. Living, I'll be free here, or "I would rathv have God for my friend than all free in life above—free with the Gods, for they are free: other influences ana powers outside."

Theology and Evolution—

From the Historical Point o View

By P. JOSEPH JENSEN

Teacher of History in the L. D. S. College

forces acting. idea it This clear that Lyell uses observanow a the as stands BaconTOFrancisthe student of history, of the earth can be explained by HTHE foregoing quotations make basis the of recent geology. formed tion also imagination and with the to helpful contributor

is, there a is evidence of to a tentative explanauni- which make scientific In That movement.modern

first, referin of change, formity tion. years one hundred Now, says, "All deit headvocating

pends on keeping the eye steadily ence to denudation and sedimentafter the publication of the first fixed upon the facts of nature, and ary deposition; secondly, in referedition of his Principles of Geolso receiving their images simply ence to the living creation; and ogy (1830) links are still wantthirdly, in to reference subteras ing geological data evidence and that are, forbid for as they God

last inranean This movements. for tentais yet evolution the in of our give out a dream shouldwe insenearthquakes an and tive illusstage. explanatory For pattern a for of cludes imaginationown sible rising areas of subsiding and tration, the note following: "Asiathe world."

of the earth's surface determined is the seat of the oldest civilizaThe above quotation goes diby measurement. tions, many indications of which,

learnof ruins, therectly drifted visible foundation to as sand though a typical quotation As from Lyexternal light of the the traditions outliveding in the vaguest have ell, present the following; we constitupsychical their our origins. Finally, concerning andworld

tion and nature. Results of this "It is true that in the solid framework the physical and climatic condimethod, coupled with experimentaof the globe we have a chronological chain tions of Asia in the Tertiary era

tion, are numerous since the days ofare naturalwanting:records,but a carefulmany considerationlinks of whichof were such as the scientist must posof Bacon in the inventions which all the phenomena leads to the opinion tulate in his imaginings of the

have improved means of communithat the series was originally defective modus operandi of human origin cation and transportation, for exthat it has been rendered still more so by from his prehuman forebears, i. e.

part remains a great of what such as would enforce descent fromample. istime—thatinaccessible that even of and to man,

fraction which is accessible ninetenths or the trees and terrestrial adapta- * Lull, tion."(Richard * * Swann this are to unexplored."day more to applied scientific methodTHIS state necessary "It Paleontolin the be present Vertebrate Professor of may

as Wilhelm means, -* history science to asof supply the part of some in EvoluUniversity, ogy, Yale beit, event that states an of hypothetically, course natureIhue but sumed Press of Univ. tion Yale Man,

if this so, violabe without it witdone any must a has historical whencomes 1923.) probability, tion of consistalways and willing are witnesses orness who

is ently the analogy of with what known evihistorical gives Theology with truth the and able to tell.and the past present of of both and economy

is be to of another dence power if event the historians,*some system."our

.classed as miraculous that fact is counted among geological forces,

not against its being historical but namely, the power of God, not inrather in its favor because witnesscluded in the forces enumerated by es who are willing and able to tell Charles Lyell. A standard opinion

the truth would not imagine an concerning theology among some event and record it as the truth. is stated by Professor R. Flint in

The consistency of the above test the Encyclopaedia Britannica as rings true. follows: "Many speak of theology as a science of religion (instead

Lyell, TheCharles Historically they science because of of God) Spencer, Herbert Schwan,odore is disbelieve there that any knowlHasckel Ernest andCharles Darwin be attained."to edge of God contributors prominent beenhave

to the doctrine of evolution. This attitude clearly ignores the

historical mission of our Lord Jesus Christ whom Matthew underthese we several men which, select a stood to be "Emmanuel;

Charles statements fromOF few us."being interpreted is, God with

Lyell and Charles Darwin, for il- (Matt. 1:23.)

lustration. The former's main

thought is that all the past changes (UR Lord, in his trial for his Arlington Show e. g. Stanford Unilife before a representative of

versity 1901-2. THE AUTHOR one of the greatest governments of

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 691

ancient history, said to Pilate: "To procreating their kind? On the been wont to consider it. This great complexity attitude of demands an extreme feel this other sure thatthis I born, hand, we and for end may was

in caution generalization. the present, For least I in degree the that any variationcause the world, I into came be content to attempt we must to measure

should bear witness unto the injurious would be rigidly deone possibile factor after another in as truth."(John 18:37). A few stroyed. This preservation of fawide a series of organisms as possible.

months before this he told his vorable individual differences and Having done this, we may hope in time fairly a trustworthy form conception of a variations, as the destruction faith of toapostles, ye and "If have the resultant of as they may injurious, shall are seed, I have say ye those whichgrain of mustard in be combined Arthur thesenature."—J.forces Selection, the called or hence Natural Remove mountain, Harris,unto this Science Popular The Monthly

to yonder place, and it shall reSurvival of the Fittest."1914.

move."(Matt. 17:20). And

within two years after so teach- '"THESE words of Darwin show Again, ing his disciples in Palestine a the- * us that he did not observe the "Unfortunately our knowledge of the ological historian of the American building force of what he calls causes of evolution is not very complete, continent writes, e. g., "According natural selection going on but only but the majority of biologists agree that

to our record, and we know our thought it might go on in that inherited variations, or mutations, constithe building materials of evolution, practically after sevtute it way. true, Now, forrecord to be was a just

selection, while natural or the elimination... years entyfive to discovof efforts record, the keep didman who unfit, is of the the architect or workman

the city of Moroni did sink into er that force what do scientists say? that selects or rejects these materials"

the depths of the sea and the inLet us note the following: * * * "Mutations are the fundamental

initial steps and in evolution."thereof drowned. werehabitants

the causes "Regarding of mutations we carried wasAnd the earth up upon selection"Evidencesfor ofmanythe occurrencecharacteristicsof naturalare little, very but it logically know seems the city of Moronihah, that in the rapidly accumulating. That mortality is necessary to assume that these causes are

place of the city there became a not random, but differential, and that the both intrinsic in the germplasm and selective of the rate death is a extrinsic in the or, in the environment;great

quantitative treatment, to mountain."(3 Nephi 8:9, problemintensity open language of variDarwin, although every 10). are propositions supported bodies by large directly ation is either or indirectly caused

The subsiding and rising of of sound scientific evidence. Nevertheless, by some change in the surrounding conthese sections of the earth as quoted neither the complexity of the phenomena ditions we must never forget that the

was effected by the power of God northe theanalysisdifficultiesof theof datathe collectioncan be underor of essentiallynature of governsthe organizationthe results."acted upon

and the reason for so using the estimated. As yet, only the surface has "Mutations probably occur in response

power as declared by his own voice been touched. The results are all subject to changes in the inner of outer environis that "the inhabitants thereof to such revision as may be rendered necment."*

have I buried up in the depths of essary by wider data and narrower the earth to hide their wickedness analyses."The second of these is a question of "T URNING now to the historifrom before my face."(3 Nephi interpretation. The demonstration of the * an's writings of the biological

9:8). existence of a selective death rate in a works of our Lord.

given case is by no means equivalent to Those records contain instances is that change evolutionary taking proof life in restored which the to was character place the consideration. in under idea, DARWIN'S Jairus, daughter of the of widow selection a maintain Natural only may is this: stated barely "OrganCHARLES son, Nain's at characteristic attained. stage the and already Lazarus, the

faster the isms than multiply much selection natural of force the be Or may brother of reMartha and Mary, naturalof subsistence; theymeans offset factor. other that of Or, some by spectively. the force death While are ly variations that those vary; dealt again, variations the be with may as is Dr. Harris points selective out ininherited; a not kind of without and fitted surbest the to environment

be and measured, the may power effect is to heritance selection powerless any "theoretically vive."showed He

is in of firsthand Indeed, experience change. our greater gives Lord and possible evolution could behow quantitative organic evolution on work evidence of controlling the death living organisms. naturally among that the convince one problem any must force. said Furthermore, he proof It point place the the it has of taken whole which methods has changed by

phetically, "I lay to have power is biologists far recondite than have more It sciences. biological the ofview

it life) (his I down, have and is the dominant probably most it ur> take to power again."(John the of the characteristic of thought

fulfillment this 10:18). of The last their use century."people heads iJOME

is historically as recorded to prophecy organ as an which with A place taking a after few months is the cast headaches. typical quotation from Darhavemerely not This

win's writings on Natural Selecwith the author of this article. it was made and no scientist of

tion reads as follows: "Can it then P. Joseph Jensen loves truth and our own day could be more careit all after his seeker has a days. seeing beenbe thought improbable, that ful than he was Thomas when

in finds addition he impartIn joy variations useful have unto man suspended his acceptance this soof it ing to others has been engaged and occurred, doubtedly other that called miraculous the event until thirtysix years, for in\ school work variations useful in some way to having taught one year in the public sense of touch confirmed what the each being in the great and comschools of Sevier County, two years eyes of his fellow apostles had bein six the Sevier Stake life, Academy, battleplex of should occur held also confirmed and through in the years training B. Y. U. in the of successive course many their senses of touch. the In event in years twentyseven and If generations? such can school do occur resurrection of the of our College. S. the Lord holds L. an D. He

we doubt (remembering that many A. B. degree from Stanford and in recorded the truth that the forceis

more individuals are born than can addition has taken courses at the possibly survive) that individuals University of California, Michigan *The Evolution of Man, Chapter VI.

having any advantage however State Normal, the B. Y. Academy The Trend of Evolution. Edwin Grant

slight, over others, would have the and the U. of U. University,Conklin, ProfessorYale Universityof Biology,Press,PrincetonNew

best chance of surviving and of Haven 1923.

692 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

we call death was made inoperChrist in his control of death and in the hands of the Almighty, ative and he became immortal. life forces. which underlie socalled forces of

Theology, therefore, presents nature, while the evolutionist pre-

A NOTHER phase in which his observed facts which were results sents thoughts which have been * power was manifest concernfrom the use of forces and powers suggested from forces of nature.

ing life is recorded about a fig tree as follows: "When he saw a

fig tree in the way, he came to it, and found nothing thereon, but leaves only, and said unto it, Let What Should Be Taught no fruit grow in thee hencefor- ward forever. And presently the T WANT to say here that there and we know it is pure. It was

fig tree withered away."- is a wave of unbelief sweeping not translated by man's ability,

The instance of our Lord's givover the land, and we can feel the hence we have a more sure word of ing sight to the man born blind effects of it among us. The leadprophesy, something to base our

call uponmay in an analogous way at least ing magazines or the popular magfaith upon. We can

be thought of as a variation from azines, are filled with ideas tendthese testimonies because we know the normal. Through his power ing to unbelief, scientific hypothey are impregnable and cannot

that "variation"was rectified and theses that are designed to destroy be destroyed. In addition to this that delicate sense organ, the eye, faith in the Bible, faith in the we have the word of God—the

was made to see. creation of the world, faith in the Book of Covenants, that has come

is It us. the to the from Lord existence in the origin and of man, of our complexion dark The live of to us word now. God who are doctrines these of God. Now Indians, "variation,"so another three Therefore witnesshave we insidiously. very spread being is historically explained speak, to es. assail Bible, the as They may all the in taught being are They the year as follows: 600 About do, to they endeavor prove and

colleges, speaking universities left and Jehis colony Lehi C. B. and difto writings attributed the that

rusalem. In the family of Lehi generally, of the land, with but ferent men were not written by

girls generais a and Ishmsel were boysand There few exceptions. leave that to them. them. We

fair. In bewere white and not dowho the tion growing up who please as can with they do They

it their of was principles journey ofbeginning lieve in the cardinal their learning; cling will to the we

foretold Nephi that the attitude the Bible taught by our fathers, Bible because we know that whatof Laman and Lemuel towards the before the Gospel in its fulness was ever errors there are are errors of

Lord, if they did not repent, would revealed. These doctrines are beuninspired men who have done the

bring on them a sore curse. Being undermined and it becomes the translating. But they must not,cause of their rebellious course, (1 duty of the Latterday Saints—it and they cannot, tread uoon other

Nephi 2:23) by about 570 B. C. is the mission of the Latterday ground that we have. They have

a skin cause did"the old truths these Lord God uphold Saints—to them."blacknessof upon to come come that have and doctrines down assailedan outsidethe Bookstandpoint,of Mormonand claimfrom

(2 Nephi 5:21). to us from God through the ages, that it was translated, or as they

to strengthen the faith of our chilsay, written by some one else than

HTO sum up the main points in dren in them, and, so far as we Joseph Smith. But we have dis-

- the foregoing, we direct attencan, to neutralize the effect of these proved that, and the Book of Mortion to the forces by which it is false doctrines that are being mon comes to us pure, having been thought that evolution has taken taught. And our Sunday Schools translated by divine power, and it

place. Lyell thought that the forcare among the greatest agencies to contains incontrovertible internales at work in erosion, and deposbe used for this purpose—the evidence to those who read it and

iting of sediment, subterranean teaching of our children the prinknow anything about the power counterGospel, and the ciples (rising lowering) of andmovements, to comes and spirit of God—it unbelief dreadful the earth this sections of actingin different evidence of its with internal and them

including the earthquake explain darkness that is spreading over the divinity, and they know it is true.

the past changes of the earth. And land. I feel that this is of great Therefore we have this, besides

furthermore that the biological reimportance to us. I do not know which we have the Doctrine and

mains give evidence of the uniof an organization today among Covenants, and these three witformity of change. Theology adds any other people who are in the nesses enable us to occupy a differanother "geological power"and position we are, that are so well ent position from any other relitheological historians record changprepared to counteract these things, gious denomination upon the face

es in parts of the earth's surface because we have the books and recof the earth.

by that power, namely the power ords that God has given. We have "We should consider and teach

of God, and that the changes had the Bible, but not that alone. They our children all these things and

been made because of the wickedmay indulge in their 'higher critifortify them against the pernicious ness of the people of the section cism,'and tell us that those whose doctrines being circulated and beof the country involved. names are attached to the various ing taught in the institutions of

Again Darwin thought that a books of the Bible were not the learning in the land, and fortify force he called natural selection or authors of them; but we have them so that they will not imbibe

survival of the fittest would acsomething more sure than all their the errors which will pass away, count for evolution in the biologicriticism. The Book of Mormon for they are not true."—President

cal world. He ignored the divine is of divine origin, divinely transGeorge Q. Cannon, Salt Lake Tabpower as manifested through Jesus lated by the gift and power of God, ernacle, October 3, 1897.

Boy Scout Dramas Snow Bound (Dramatized from an incident in the life of Wilfovd Woodruff)

By PRESTON W. POND

Introduction: A Boy Scout dressed a bunk house to sleep in. He arose no Mormon could expect succor

in uniform appears in front of Sunday morning and found the of any kind at his hands. the curtain and recites: snow nearly three feet deep and (Enter Hammond—Business of

SCOUT is reverent. He is stilllookedfallingvery gloomythick andand hefast.did notIt stampingHammond:off snow.)What's the idea,

reverent toward God, he is know what course to pursue. The Rowley, calling me out in a blizfaithful in his religious dudramatization goes on from this zard like this?Aties and respects the convictions of point. Rowley: Brother Woodruff, this

others in matters of custom and (The curtain opens. Wilford is Mr. Hammond. (W. W. offers

religion. Woodruff is seen walking the floor to shake hands. Hammond re-

A Scout is kind. He is a friend uneasily.) fuses. )

to animals, he will not kill nor W. W.: If I had only heeded Hammond: Huh! Woodruff! I

hurt any living creature needlessly, the warning of the spirit, the know you all right. A man couldbut will strive to save and protect promptings of my monitor, and n't be connected with your cursed

all harmless life. left Randolph last Monday, this religion as long as I was without

The great Scouts of Pioneer days would all have been avoided. knowing too much about the

lived the Scout Law, although it (Looks out window or door). I scheming tyrants who lead it.

was then unwritten. Its principles am snow bound indeed. It would (To Rowley) Well, what do you

are a part of every truly great charbe a simple matter to take the train want?

acter. Probably in no one of our to Ogden and save myself; but W. W.: Mr. Hammond, I need

early pioneers were these principles what of my horses? To leave them some hay for my horses. I brought

exemplified to a greater extent than here would be to leave them to a but a small amount from Ranin the life of Wilford Woodruff. death of starvation and exposure. dolph, thinking that there would

He was a man of great spirituality I simply cannot desert them after be sufficient grass for them; but

and faith in God. Because of this the noble struggle they made yesthis snow (Hammond cuts him

great faith and his never failing atterday, for they saved my life. I off.)

tention to prayer, throughout his gave them the last bit of hay last Hammond (to Rowley): So

wholq life he was blessed with night, and Brother Rowley said this is what you brought me out promptings and warnings from the there is no grain to be bought at in this storm for. I thought there

spirit of the Lord. In heeding these any price and that Perry Hammond must be a nigger in the wood pilewarnings his own life and the lives is the only one with hay, and he a—a Mormon apostle in trouble.

of many others were spared upon bitter apostate. What am I to do? Hay for a Mormon's horses. Ha!

numerous occasions. Oh Father, What am I to do? Ha! Ha! Well, I guess not. Not

(Enter Rowley covered with at any price, Sir. Why, I'd see

in hell first. (Exits angrily.)TN off his feet you he stamps

Rowley: I was afraid he would clothes.) hisA Woodruffthe autumnwas ofvisiting1871 oneElderof snowand brusheswhich off

his families in Randolph, Rich refuse.

Brothmorning, Rowley: Good closing very (Enter Havens, weather the wascounty. door The

er Woodruff, if you would as term hurriedly impressed drifts in beenstormy he had and and the snow for days to commence his journey such a morning a good one. the wind whistles. Stamping and

back to Salt Lake City, but his W. W.: Good morning, Brothbrushing, etc.)

a Havens: storm! to stay. er Rowley.family urged Phew! had him What

I left Rowley: I hope you rested well. (Curtly) morning, the shouldn't Saturday haveFinally on

November 25 th, he set out. W. W.: Not so well. I could station, Rowley, but after you left

When about fifteen miles from not sleep for thinking of the pre- I thought I'd better come and look

Wasatch, a blinding snow storm dicament I find myself in, and the the situation over. I suppose this

came up, driven by a heavy wind fact that it might all have been is Woodruff that you were telling blowing directly into his face. In avoided if I had acted as I was me about?

a few minutes he could not see the impressed. Rowley: Yes, and Brother

road. He let his lines loose and Rowley: Are the horses all Woodruff, this is Mr. Havens, the

trusted to his faithful horses to find right? Union Pacific agent and operator.

the way. At 9 o'clock that night W. W.: They are worn and I talked with him this morning

he pulled into Wasatch with the hungry. about your arriving last night and

hubs of the wagon dragging in the Rowley: I went to see Hamabout your dire necessity.

snow. He called upon Brother mond and asked him to call on W. W.: How do you do, Mr.

George Rowley, an engineer and you. I haven't much faith in your Havens. I had it in mind to call

the one Latterday Saint in the securing any feed from him. He on you to see if you could arrange

place, who assisted him to get the has the only hay available, but he to ship my outfit and myself to horses under shelter, and gave him is so bitter since his apostasy, that Ogden.

..

694 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

Havens: Impossible! ImpossiRowley: I am glad, Brother told Mr. Woodruff that you may

ble! In the first place we haven't Woodruff, to be able to report the use your men to help get his team

a car and in the second place, if first good news. Carpenter, the and wagon loaded.

we did have, we haven't equipsection foreman here, has ten ChiCarpenter: Well, I ain't got no

ment for loading. We shipped it namen shoveling snow. He has business to use the railroad's men

all to Evanston a month ago. just about succeeded in clearing to help you, but I guess the com-

W. W.: But you could order the east siding. I can run my enpany'd not want to see two po'

me a car from Evanston or Ogden? gine onto it and get within a short hosses left to die for the need of a

Havens: What good would the distance of where your horses are little help.

car do? You couldn't load after sheltered. I can drain water from W. W.: Mr. Carpenter, your

you got it here, and besides, I the engine to relieve their thirst. help will be

haven't been able to get a wire W. W.: Thanks, Brother RowCarpenter: It'sal right! It'sal

through to either place this mornley, that's a great relief. I have right. Ching Lee, go tell the boys

ing. The storm has probably been wallowing around in snow to get axes, hammers, saws from

wrecked our wires. up to my arm pits to see if there section house and bring your shov-

W. W.: But will you keep trywas anything, I could do, but I els, quick!

ing to reach them? found myself helpless. I spoke to Ching Lee: Me telle bloys quick.

Havens: Well, of course, if Carpenter, but he said he had no (Exits)

you've got the money to pay for right to take his men from the rail- W. W.: That is very good. We

the car, I'll try. road to dig out a span of horses. can first build the platform, then

W.W.: I haven't the money, I feel it my duty to do all in my dig a trail to it from the team and

wagon. (Exit Carpenter). Now, ifMr. Havens, but I can get it when power to save their lives—for they

I get to Ogden. surely saved mine by bringing me I only had some hay for the horses

Havens: Such an arrangement here through the blinding storm. all would be well. Mr. Havens,

would be against the rules of ihe Rowley: Well, I'll go now and is there any possibility of getting

company, and quite impossible. Of give them a drink. (Exits) hay this side of Ogden?

course, you could take a train in, (Enter Havens) Havens: I'm afraid not, Mr.

but to ship your team and wagon Havens: Mr. Woodruff, I have Woodruff, but

is quite out of the question. I'm checked with Evanston and find (Enter Hammond)

sorry. (Moves toward the door.) that it can be arranged to pay for Hammond: Well, Woodruff,

Good morning. (Exits) your transportation upon arriving I've not been able to get that

Rowley: Brother Woodruff, I in Ogden. I've had a box car set hungry team of yours off my mind.

must go for a while to attend to off on the siding. We'll have to I guess I can spare a little hay for

my engine, but I'll come back later. get a special engine to take you to them.

(Exits) Ogden. It will cost you twenty- W. W.: Mr. Hammond, I wish

W. W.: My poor horses! No six dollars. It would ordinarily to thank you sincerely for this

feed, no water, and I am responbe a hundred and fifty dollars. kindness. I'll be glad to pay you

sible. I have exhausted every reThere is a pile of planking just well for it..

source and no help available. Why north of the station. I have Hammond: I don't want your

should my horses suffer for my thought that it might be possible rotten pay, and I want you to unfailure to heed the warning of the to build a staging to the platform derstand that it's not to help a spirit. Father, forgive my negliand then into the car, and in that Mormon polygamist that I let you

gence and send me help. way load your team and wagon: have the hay. I'll fetch it over.

(Curtain closes to suggest the but it will require a good deal of Where do you want it placed?

passing a day's time. of labor. This tried to get I have Carpenthe are in horses W.: The W. before the ter be should announced to use his this to Chinamen do sideast store the house north of dramatization begins.) is rather work. reluctant, He how- I'll a ing. dig glad help to be

ever, curtain opens (As slowly, asked Wilbut I have him to come path to it.

ford talk his here to Woodruff it over on you. is found with

knees in the attitude of prayer. Af- W. W.: Mr. Havens, I greatly Hammond: Don't want your

ter a moment he rises.) (Enter appreciate what you have done help. (Exits grumbling)

Rowley) Havens: That's all right, Mr. Havens: I'll order the engine

W. W.: Good morning, Brother Woodruff, you may depend upon from Evanston, Mr. Woodruff.

Rowley, I have just poured out my me to do all I can to help you out. W. W. (with eyes raised heavsoul in prayer to the Lord, and I (Enter Carpenter and Ching enward): I am grateful, Father,

feel impressed that a way of delivLee) for all thy mercies.

erance will be opened up. Havens: Carptenter, I have just Curtain

Feed Them Rather Than Fig,ht Them

By MINNIE MOORE BROWN Place: Near Pleasant Grove. campfire, recently used; some uten- A Boy Scout appears before the

Time: 1854. sils, etc. curtain, salutes and says:

Scene: A glade by a little stream, "A Scout is Friendly."

near an Indian encampment. A Introduction Perhaps no man has exhibited

..

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 695

this high Scout ideal more than and then the men. I am worried Tulpidge no hear the tread of little

did Brigham Young in his dealwith what I have seen on this ride pine tree's feet. (He sobs)

ings with the Indians. "It is bettoday. W. W.: His wife and child were

ter to feed them than to fight (W. W. returns with Tulpidge, killed. (Explaining to B. Y.)

them"was his motto. This en- a sadfaced young warrior.) Tulpidge: White people happy

gendered a feeling of confidence, of W. W.: Here is Tulpidge. Chief in heaven. White man's God good.

security, of friendliness that was a Walker is still lying in the dirt. Great Spirit forget red man.

new voice in the history of AmerjB. Y.: (saluting Indian fashWalker: Great Spirit's face turn

ica's dealing with the redman. ion): Will Chief Walker talk now away from red man.

Down on the Spanish Fork, to me? We are his friends.. Tulpidge (still moaning): Who

Brigham Young labored patiently Tulpidge: Mormon chief go to guides little Tibawara to Happy

Grounds?for three days to gain the friendlihim—he git up and speak! Hunting

ness and confidence of old Chief jB. Y. (rising): I will go. (He B. Y. (rising and placing hand

Walker and his tribe, and finally goes, while others watch intereston shoulder of T.): Be at peace,

after an outstanding exhibition of edly). Tulpidge. The great spirit made

patience and friendliness, succeeded W. W.: Look at that. Brother us all. The white man's God is

in winning the old Chief's regard Brigham has raised him from the the Indian's God. He will care

and his good will. ground. Walker looks old and for your people just as he will care

The curtain opens revealing a broken. They are coming. for mine.

group of Mormon men, just dis- (J3. Y. enters with Indians. He Tulpidge: You talk good. You

mounted. They carry rifles, arc returns to his seat and his men tell us good words. If White Chief

wearing large hats, etc. gather around him. Walker stands speak truth, show us white God

Wilford Woodruff: It's nearly dejectedly and Tulpidge turns his loves red children.

sunset, Brother Brigham. back, with folded arms under his Walker (pointing): Over there

Brigham Young: Yes, and I blanket.) sick child. Make magic of Morknow what you mean. It's been B. Y.: Chief Walker, we are mon prayers. So show good heart.

a trying day. We'll have supper. friends. Please believe us. Our jB. Y. (drops his head as if to

pray. His men all bow their heads. W. W.: Has the fire gone out? words are true—not lying words.

Another Man: Yes, but we'll Why do you lie in the dirt? The Indians watch anxiously and

soon fix that. Walker (slowly lifting his exchange glances): Take me to the

W. W.: We've been gone six head): Indians have no spirit. Insick child. (Tulpidge leads him

hours. Is Chief Walker still here? dian have no heart. Walker no out)

Another: He must be lying over wish to talk. Walker listen Walker (watches them go and

there in the dirt yet. I can see white Chief talk. then turns back and says to the

: Redskin papoose go HapTulpidge standing by that tree. B. Y.: Here are some gifts for group)

B. Y.: Poor Indians! My heart you. We have prepared food. Come py Hunting Ground, another child

Sa company. him eat us. packand hands with (Hemisgives I think me when how killed—bear

! Mormon Maybe it to to age hands W., who whites! are treated W.they an-—be Sa—Kuon by the

Child. it offers other, to Walker, who try your patience,: They W. W.

it. it.) W. W. (calmly): No, Walker, keeps The man who refusesthough, Brother Brigham. We've

been around here three days now, Tulpidge (turning around): that is a wicked, cruel custom. We

customs such have among not friend. do faithful Koda! Koda! Mewaiting to speak. for Chief Walker

let does not the Mormons. God Yoahti! Walker: Tuchi! does stubhe gainWhat by this lonely be children of little souls the Koda! Tulpidge: Koda!bornness? Fathe Great to their journey on (kindly): Koda! Walker B. re- Y.: always must You take to angels his ther. sends He holds his hands out (Tulpidge that Indians the are primmember die those souls of care the of who

gifts, receives hands for them, anditive people. their have They own safely to back bring them Him. and to Walker.) them themselves. of expressingways We Long journey—lonely! patient. bemust also brought Get have a good sup- Y.: B. We (He folds his Sa—Sa—Kuon!Walker:per, we'll call cattle a and for over beef Tulpidge some you present. arms and waits)

here again. They are fat. Kill and eat. Feed W. W.: They are not lonely

W. W.: Let us call him now, your tribe. The buffalo is the Inwith the angels along.

Brother Brigham, and see what he dian's cattle. If the white man Walker: Ugh! (hopelessly).

says. drive and kill the red man's cattle, (Brigham Young and Tulpidge

B. Y.: You go and see if you the white man should give somereturn).

can get Tulpidge and Walker to thing in exchange. We did not B. Y.: The child will recover.

come over. kill your people nor steal your catWalker, you need no longer be sad.

(He seats himself on stump. tle. Nevertheless, take these fat The child will live.

Others busy themselves about the steers we brought, and let us be Walker (looks keenly at B. Y.,

fire, bringing water, wood, etc.) at peace. then turns to Tulpidge).

I must speak to the saints at Tulpidge (crying out, with Tulpidge (pointing upward):

Pleasant Grove and give them a spread arms): Wisaskasit! WisasWi-talu! Withah-pi!

warning. Their stacks are so sitkasit! In the lonely heart of TulWalker: Sing me Mormon muuated that the Indians could set pidge, clouds shade the sun! Who sic. So make heart glad again.

fire to the whole place and shoot give Tulpidge back his squaw, his ( They decide on a song and sing the people down. While the men papoose, Tibawara, little pine tree? one verse and chorus. Could be

are fighting the fire, the Indians Tulpidge all alone in wigwam. "Oh, Stop and Tell Me, Red

could kill every woman and child Tulpidge sit and weep in wigwam. Man").(Continued on page 698)

In a Mysterious Way By STELLA P. RICH

ing a little extra fixin'for dinner,"Amos came in presently and she thought. took his place in silence. He wore

that's some a selfsatisfied air but paid little G,EE,dress, Ma."Ralph eyed attention his mothto dinner.

er critically as she deftly helped the A;,S she straightened up "Pass your pa the gizzard,

younger children into their Sunday from the oven she caught a glimpse Maida. Amos, you're not eatin'

little herself of in the mirror aboveclothes. "I can't remember pieces chickwhen of two

the a brief washstand. For it ryou wear secnatural—onlyer and I'm—let she image, regarded the ond thenme today, isn't it?""Don't about him, worry Ma. see—seventeendidn't turned a sigh. with away I'll offered take his share,"Sarah Ralph. Maby's pale face flushed,

she "Never mind, Sarah Maby,""It isn't by choice that I'm still is herself. the comforted "This it,wearin'son."

last you'll very time to have wear their in night 1 HAT that's "No, and the truth, dress. sale this Rule Golden The bedroom a gave nervous AmosRalph,"in broke sister his Maida. starts I've got and Tuesday as he my cough his shoefumbled with"If it didn't cost so to keep much I already. ten dollars didLucky laces.

inyou high school, mother wouldget I n't satin that blue navy was Sarah in act stopped the ofn't to have a like dress wear that. to in about buy I was Montwhen a hanging coat flung he up hadIt just boil makes I me think when last all rose the readyweek. With across the chair. that She knew she all gavehow the you turkey onehalf mades marked down It old. I'm cough of all seriprefaced shemoney saved had to her buy I'll sure betlike get to something talks ous of her husband.

curtains,new window so you ter'n make."I could anything is it, "Well, what Amos?"could get you a class ring."over, Meeting Sarah raise didn't his head. hurried He

"I know, Ma, a brick you were since, a long time home. It was "That Salem meetin'house—letto that me have money, but breakfast. family Her would be well, meetin'at Priesthood today

what would they think of a fellow starving. She was cutting a chocthe bishop told us that the Church

if he couldn't afford a class ring?"olate cake when Ralph came in. had made a call for the wards to

"What you think of mother for "Gee, Ma, that looks good help that little town. It can't pay

anot having for house. its meetin'smell—chicken

of!"sister. hisanswered tractor needs his money new dress,"dryly—well,and what'sfor thethatloveI The—conthe

"Your birthday, son. Where's Church has paid its allotment

your father?"and well, you know what kind of

meeting. "Special Priesthood it a year been. people has The came Ai.MOS MABY announce Didn't you hear them sell can't their the bishop hay andinto the living room, shiny and it?"is it a says a for chance big brothuncomfortable in his cleanSunday

I been didn't. have "No, Must er little to a help brother."liness. fur "Ready meetin'Sarah?

else.'thinkin'of something pledge, did you Amos?""What JohnsonsThe alhave gone by

ready. Time we were starting, I

guess."Hi.E appeared not to

"I'm not quite ready, Amos. hear her. "John Meyers he up

I'll come with the children,"said and pledged twentyfive dollars."

Sarah, moving toward the kitch- "He could afford it."

en. "Ralph, you go on with your "I know it, but I couldn't let

father, and don't stay after church. him beat me, could I? I know

Dinner will be ready at fourthir- we haven't a cent, but with yoiu ty. chickens layin'good we could get

Ralph carefully adjusted his tie, it in a couple of months."

gave a final pat to his sleek, shiny "What did you pledge, Amos?"

hair, pulled his lavender bordered 'Twentyfive dollars. Ten of

handkerchief a fraction of an inch it has got to be in by Tuesday."

higher in his breast pocket and "How was you aimin'to pay joined his father. that ten?'

After the men were gone Sarah "Well,"he began a bit sheepbasted the chicken, throwing some ishly, "I was wonderin'if you of the rich gravy on the now frawould mind lettin'me have that grant dressing. ten dollars you didn't use the oth-

"I wish I could give him a real er day to get your dress with."

birthday present instead of just doThe Author "All right,"she said presently.

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 697

She opened the bureau drawer, and out of the poverty of body and At her knock the door flew open.

handed him the money. spirit in which Amos lived content. "Why, Sarah Maby, what you

"Thanks, Sarah,"he counted He didn't confide in her any more. doin'out this time of night?"Mrs.

out in dimes and nickels the ten She found herself almost wishing Williams'face and voice were all dollars. "I hate to take it but I that he would become interested in solicitation.

kinda'guess it is our duty."some good girl. It would anchor "I saw the light and was afraid

"Your duty, not mine! Oh, him away from the Jenthe baby was worse."

Amos, you will never change will him—getnings boys at least. "Land, no. Sam just got a

you? It wasn't your duty to pledge "I might not be back to do the phone call from his sister, Mrs.

ten dollars that wasn't yours. It chores, Ma,"Ralph called to her Jennings. Her boys and two or

doesn't knowwasn't your duty to pledge my from the back seat of the Jennings'three others—she

chicken money that is all I have to Ford late one Sunday afternoon. who, have got mixed up in a car

locked are scrape. stealing They like the on, houserun but you don't stay out "Ralph, late. You

jail. the of city the One selfsatisfiedthat feelin'up in of outtill in."sleep you're I can't know

is have injured. They badly boysdoin'the other fellow without

"Oh, don't worry about me, taken him to the hospital. Seemspayin'the price. I wouldn't care

Ma. How old do you figure a they stole a big sedan at Montroseif you'd just try to pay some of

he can take fellow to be before has their an alley Ford bills downthese yourself, don't but you—left care of himself?"the for started girls and got some litdon't. I try be not to—you tofol- at church sheriff Ralph "Was Springs.tle The Biglow aldid but that meet we how

lotment on our own church house! night?"Sarah asked Maida when lowed them and overtook them

Seventyfive dollars of the one hunthe girl came in a few hours later. just after the sedan had turned

dred I paid with my chicken mo- "No, he's off with that Jennings over."

ney while you were around lookoutfit somewhere."

ing for jobs. You put in twentyfive dollars worth of labor while I JARAH'S ( hand,

I guess "I back. a chair grippedhelped in Ralph the put hay. No, children the said A].FTER she gettin'home,"better beit doesn't to matter the or you asleep were a Sarah picked up book knob. the door for blindly feeling meetin'Salem I've that house of Ralph's school books. sick?,—one are you Sarah, "Why,squeezed that out ten dollars, nickshe a wished she'd chance had How till and lie morning Here, downel nickel, dime, by and dime by for an this was over when take you education,—why I'll have Sam the eggfrom that has gone money really interesting, Relation of 'The gets back."heto this run house keep and Ralph the to Individual Society. The need just I right. all I'm "No,in these school last years. four I clock struck twelve. Ralph ought leave I can't air. the in get out to if it carewouldn't for things were to be the to home. stepped She children."thelike this I how listened. door, sound. She No alone,—though you?"with I over walk "Shan't to get goingam anything of out tried to read interest her but was right, all I'm thanks. no "No,that is meetin'Salem house more Still gone. o'clock! no One

tell I you."I it isthan can the same Ralph. tossundressed lay She and see—but Sarah again the in night Out everything. Itwith isn't printhe ing for half. a hour an She and unconshe shivered was though isciple, it just outdoin'the other lived a things through thousand felt cold. numb, She of scious anyfellow. remember you You when that to might happen him. Sudher not power, detached. some Bypledged that eighteen for dollars it denly longer. she could stand no toher carrying legs were her own,that doctor that book but one no Springing slipped of she bed, out going she was where home, ward hasyou time to into had look clothes, into her a shawl wrapped numbness to her hide shame. Thebecause one, Meyers John took had her about into the out went and acute ache, recede. to began An I itand to for had pay with money night.

in body her whole awful had andI a to saved had washin'buy malight a she porch her saw From its grip.chine. meetin'Salem house—nearest at her "Williams', Mandy jail!"like in Ralph boy "Myoh

neighbor, and a bell tolling of against her bare hear But a word. Amos didn't It a car driving away. jail!"in boy caught the sound of theheart—"My characteristic that ofwas Sarah

she had long since recognized the 'That poor baby is worse."It He had been valedictorian of his

futility of speaking her thoughts was a relief to forget her trouble class. She remembered the line of

aloud. even for a moment. "I believe I'll graduates as they marched past the

run over."principal for their diplomas. Other mothers weren't crying—they L.N the weeks that folwere smiling and yet she couldn't

little belowed Sarah time to had P. RICH.RS. STELLA Mr dress. losswail the of her to readers stranger of Amos the ERAis notanda seeeyes.her Suchboy pride,for thatsuchmistjoy!in Herher

had secured work with a threshing other local publications, as she has boy, out of all the poverty that years. several for been writingcrew. obedient, the Ralph, of always had hemmed him in, out now

eastinto she has broken advice. her to disregardbegan of opportunity, her boy

is a teacher magazines.'by meagreness He Recentluern She

was often away with the Jennings profession, having been engaged at chosen to represent his class!

boys, the roughest fellows in town. the Fielding High School, at Paris,

At home he complained bitterly of Idaho, as English instructor and at their poverty. Sarah wondered if present is teaching English at the OHE remembered that

her sacrifices had been in vain. She Brigham Young University, Provo. night when Ralph had nearly died

had wanted so terribly to lift him of pneumonia. She had stood in

698 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

the doorway just as the black of Springs. I was willing and so were

Sig,ns of the timesnight was breaking up into the the rest—all but Sally. She said

it no, she to was going meeting. Gee, morning—like By MARGARET C. MOLONEYwas had prayed that to piought you those have heardgraynow—andof the earlyshe

God would spare her boy. Spare kers bawl her out, and her stand- "DELIEVE in signs?him for what? Jail! Ralph, her ing there against us all. 'I'll go to u I'll tell the world I do, with

boy in jail! How could she live meeting with you Sally,'I said, reservations.

till she saw him? How could she 'You fellows can call for me after- I don't believe that a black cat

live afterward? ward.'crossing my path will bring me

"Ma, Ma, doing what you why I will circumbad "Well, weren't there they when luck—though hereout this road on the time are there let vent But I him if I can. of church and. out so Sally

sick! you'reday? Ma, Here questioned. signs that be cannot three out to her place—it's you're going to fall."led Ralph instance, to For I have there when a couple waited miles—andwalkedher doorstep, to the her brought till each to fill spring geraniums the a of to buy old hours man began

drink of water in the tin dipper. get restless. I could hear him talkmy window boxes it's a sure sign

"Say, Ma, you weren't worrying ing to Sally's mother so I beat it. that I was too trifling to carry

about me, were you?"I don't want to get him down on through the winter enough to

start. spring how did you me, "Ralph—Ralph, my Ma, because—well—I like makeget here?"the burlap sack full Sally. huge When

feet here? these "Get With two that seeds zinnia of marigold and "Well, glad I'm home. I'm tired out, too."I'mand plumb the corner a of into thrown was here. Salem from walk Some down faceHis anger, darkened with "I'm eaten store has been by up room if I'll the milking then do and thosethrough with Jennings boys is it that I did the not a sign mice, I'll to I care don't think go youfor Left good, to Ma. walk me care roadflowery the for enough for awhile."bedclear Salem. that wasn't from And the side I safeguard to planned had "

the worst, either seeds. I was warned by a de-

"Salem? What do you mean?"OARAH stood in the pendable gardener that the seeds

doorway and watched Ralph swing would have to be suspended from rafters, the the buckthe milk path with but down shifted from ALPH R ets. in the was sky gray The other, foot the toone "Say, Ma, she ought, does not "She what its of place great gone. In banks

tellI've to for been wanting you she'll do; she not ought What arrival the clouds heralded crimson

Iweeks, dare; didn't but somehow the, lean hope then upon And of day. anotherthe reason I've going only been her pull will chance That

with those Jennings boys is that Suddenly a sound broke the through!"

I had to get up to Salem to see a stillness. It was Ralph's voice.

girl there and I didn't have any What it lacked in quality it made Now when I shall have to buy other way of going. Those Jenup in volume. Loud and clear canned vegetables and fruit to

nings fellows will go anywhere."it rang out on the morning air. carry us through the late winter

Sarah drew in a long, deep There was no mistaking the season, is it not a sign that I was breath. words, "God moves in a mystelacking in the virtues of a house-

"You see, I had a date up there rious way."wife when I allowed loads of vegwith Sally last night,"Ralph con- "And I thought the Salem meetetables and fruits to rot in my

tinued. "I got her in the car and ing house wasn't ever going to do garden and orchard last summer?

we rode around for awhile, and me any good,"Sarah thought But, oh, and I'm so proud to then someone suggested we go humbly as she turned into the report it to save my good name around by Montrose to the kitchen to start breakfast. (like throwing salt over the left

shoulder to divert evil when salt is spilled) when my asparagus shoots up great sturdy stalks the minute it is sign, flashes the spring "GO"Feed Them Rather Than Fight Them it neglect I did that not a sure sign (Continued from page 695) last fall, but covered it up comfy

Walker {happy): Now like sun parley with the Indians. This is with blankets of fertilizer and

rising out of East. Been all dark a most successful trip. straw.

—now bright. Had eyes, no see; B. Y.: Yes, and I thank Israel's Wild honeysuckle weaving a

ears, no hear. Mormon Chief, you God. Remember always, we must green coat for the old woodshed

say straight. Soldier Steptoe, his never fight the Indians, we must tells my neighbors that I had

talk not straight. Spaniards, talk feed them. Yes, Chief, we will enough pride in my community

not straight. Mormons speak good give you writing. Come, let us to expend great energy last fall

words. First to tell truth. I no eat now. bringing in the vine from the forwant my people kill and steal. W. W.: Over here by the big est. It's a good sign. No one can

Want raise corn, read books. Our flat boulder, we can spread the doubt it.

children learn your talk, know feast. Come on all. Ferns, too, on the shady side of

what you say. Give me writing. Walker: We eat with white the buildings are a sign of pride

Show my people Indians and Morbrothers. Afterwards we smoke and thrift.

mons at peace. pipe of peace. Together, we smoke By these things our neighbors

W. W.: What could be more pipe of peace. know us, and it behooves us to

friendly? It is a good end to our Curtain look to our signs.

The Life Story of Brigham Young,

Saints, the Latterday interest to cial who the fact anecdote, a of and wealth is the title of a biography with privilege of telling the had have seldom Latterday the of beginnings romantic greatTHISof the story, "Mormon"unobscured by their entrancing the of story absorbing Saints, the and of readers the prejudice, to the of fog life a genuine action of course of and written by his leader of Saints the world. The Latterday Young, Brigham who and man, humble daughter, Gates, Susa Young gifted authors are grateful to the Christ Europe Jesus lifted of the Gospel was by

and his granddaughter, Leah D. into prominence and enabled to render for this splendid portrayal of the life and

Widtsoe. Viewed from any standmagnificent service to the world. The times of one of their foremost leaders

point it is an unusual work, critics agree that the book is an ad- a world figure in human service.

thrilling, read- a mirable biography, and intimatelywritten was by one who story, written best the ever one of 'T'HE following paragraphs are subject heracquainted with relative close individ- a a notable of during byable his lifetime and who has made a ual, and praise it for its wealth of acfrom Mr. Shepstone's introconstant study of his life since his curate, intimate history. The book is duction:

demise. It is one of the few, if fillednever beforewith illustrations,published. Itmanyis wellof printthem While sojourning in Salt Lake City

not the only, pro- "Mormon"ed and bound. It is good reading. I met Mrs. Gates, a lady of great charm

book written by a Church member The introduction to the book, written and grace, at a gathering held in the beautiful of J. Shepstone, Mr. Mr. F.R.G.S., Harold home by Anthony W. Ivins, a great out by putwhich has been

senior a counselor First the of honest fairminded not Presidency. and man, kind anpublishing any house without his seventyfifth in It was the birthday is published of Church, and member

a financialof friends this to Millennial gathered Star, along of the had many number wish him well. to adthe literature I spoke her Mrs. Gates about an extract with from guarantee—publishedmerits.entirely on its

journalistic efforts articles, vertising tothe book. These and very she kindly British edition has come The permitted to read table of chapthe following of the with me some chapof Jarrolds press thefrom of getherters, briefly at the the of contents amazed ters. I was wealth summarize of

London. The Macmillan Comthe book: Youth and Early Manhood tail they contained and recognizing dethe

of the it importance in Activities the Early believing work and ediwill the American havepany Church—Growth

as should given be in a the publicity Call as Leadership wide at early day. Church—His tion ready an

I offered possible to assistance render of any Exodus Modern—-The to Israel—The

I its could publication. Trail towards Camps: Westward—Temporary

It resulted in the Millennial the The manuscript being Mormon DITORIALLY Battalion—The Trek—En-p to handed into trance First Gates'by Mrs. sonin-law, me "The title Star, under the Great "A Valley"—The

Dr. in the John Widtsoe, A. Apostle the an of Valley—-Brigham Winter—Life this to say:Biography,"has

a Church distinguished Indians and and scholar, and Young Irrigation—The

of the head Other in Churches Mission and "Mormon"EuNon-Mormons second president the of of The Church rope. the task of Government came condensing Then and "EchoJesus Saints Christ of Latterday was Loyalty—The the material into the Canyon a covers of in single Army 1,born died UtahJune 1801, and August War"—The

Practical work, the original record being too bulky Independhis predecessor, the 29, 1877. Like Sociology—Industrial for ordinary publication. decision BuildTemple The hisProphet Smith, has Joseph name ence—Architecture

to produce an of abridged the edition the of evil forbeen throughout and good known ing—Patron andArtsMusic—Recreoriginal ation was only and after undertaken the and much yearsthe earth. the have However, Amusement—Literature

careful consideration solely and resorted and Education Young perspective.brought Brigham Today, Drama—Brigham

to so that the to as should enjoy work wide Woman's is great as the of recognized oneYoung—Attitude Activities—Per- a circulation secution as possible. their and Despite Some Home disgeneration, his rendered ofmen who Faults—His efforts laborious extending over many service his fellowmen, tinguished both to Life—His Morale—Home

years the Last authors very wisely decided that Practices—Hisa Measure of Man. sense; spiritual a and ain and temporal Days—The

they is called were to appeal valuable a to The upon the to addition the book a been is to have man acknowledgedhe to world's and the not few. biographical literature, many espeof justly dealt purity, andof who honor

and kindly by all, and was greatly beloved While it has not been found possible by those who knew him. He was an to incorporate all that the authors have

empire builder of first rank, both in the written, the salient facts of this remarklife able It have will not the omitted. been in and America Western ofwastes been has GATES YOUNG be,an to found entrancing be story, subbeen has he of Thatsouls men. all life &*USAnoted her to for her loyalty recording not is only part a Young's Brigham only criticism mercilessjected to

its the leaders. It Church and has marvelous temporal achievements, pay. but greatness must that price theof her been privilege to travel extenrevealing something his soul those of and Jarrolds recent publication by The of sively in atin and America Europe, all principles high acthat his guided critics fine reception the by andLondon tending gatherings of prominent tions. question without was one He Life readers the of of Storyand Brigham meeting and imporwomen many greatest of the world's truth exponents of Gates written Susa andYoung, Young by tant people, she proclaimed has and it as to righteousness, loyal he and saw granddaughter and Widtsoe, D.Leah the principles the restored Gospel of his his his country, to to people and indicate President of Young,daughter testimony the divine borne to and all agree Brignot with God. may We the Lattowards sentiment changingthe calling the of Prophet Joseph Smith beliefs, outlook but Young's and ham in impossible, It Saints. anterday was his successors reverent and enwith nevertheless that to he have admit we the cjlumsy that age, unenlightened thusiasm opportunity whenever an figures in great stands as of the out one hiscirculated abouttruths "Mormon"offered. gifted daughter, Leah Her history, a remarkable man modern who conmotives, couldtory, doctrine and

less is the to Widtsoe, devoted D. no the for accomplished and wrought much narratives Truthful sway. to holdtinue spirit its officers. and Church The that for cause his people of good and interesting; humanity and theare most

in this written which book was at heart. he which had untruth. to truth prefersyet

fail to impress favorably hardly can

I as people the Life of Story Brigham Knowing "Mormon"The Young reader. the contact intimate andis knowledge of beauty. from a unusual and do power book

It portrays in vivid, truthful language, with them, both in Utah and in this 700 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

country, I can truthfully say though not is their that this persuasion,of not work of Education as a The Aims and End spirit, orsent forth in any boastful piece of with the or even propaganda, By DR. H. M. WOODWARD,

the beliefs their foistingidea of upon world; but for the sole purpose of enDean of the Summer Session Brigham Young University

abling "Mormon"and Gentile alike, and the world at large, to learn something of the truths that guided Brigham Young HTWO hundred years ago only In the library you have the and led him to establish a thriving com- * kings, queens and royalty and storehouse of the wonderful life love, justice foundedmonwealth, and on of a favored few could afford the luxthat has been bequeathed to you wastes in the barrenmercy to all, the Rocky Mountains. ury of a college education such as by the great minds of all the ages.

our students are now receiving. At If you are awake to your oppor-

'"THE London Times, probably that time the aim of a college edutunities you will pay careful at- * the earth's greatest newspaper, cation was to prepare for three tention to the advice given by exhas this to say: professions: medicine, law and the perts on how to study and how to

ministry, and to give a socalled read. You will read more extenLife of Story Young, by Brigham The culture to greater meet certain political sively, read to purpose, you

is net), 18s. (Jarrolds,Susa Gates Young and social demands. speed will increase your and extend of the a daughterwritten by Mormon

leader.,Mrs. Gates was the first of Then came the Industrial Era your comprehension. Seek defiYoung's children to be born in the Lion with its demand for more training. nite advice on how to study, how

House which he built in Salt Lake City For one hundred years the aim of to organize your time, how to large his of familyto accommodate wives education revolved about economic motivate your reading, and thereby father her Gates Mrs.and children. To

and Joseph Smith, the Mormon prophet, independence, vocational preparamake profitable the many hours are great and good men. Those two men, tion and business efficiency. All of otherwise unorganized or wasted.

she writes, possessed the gift of leadership these objectives have become secto themselves people not drew"which to if the great central as ondary of that aim you reach piNALLY rather and Christ,supermen, but to God *- as education intelligence outviewed by the plane of where served, and and worshipped theywhom whose humble instruments they were."standing educational philosophers you have a due and proper respect

Mrs. Gates speaks of her father's work of the present. for your better and finer self, you

been in had foundingof what community will a appreciate marvelous what zeal fiery desert enthusiasm. Hera with of thousands hundreds 'TODAY possibilities all the organization of written importantapart, chapan has she fill fine of and men women the of really accounts this in in her historyter nature of being human

colleges our their and universities, desthe across trek of thedaring Mormons is. there appreciate will that You fundamental objecstruggles natives purposesert, their and the with and levels are to live; which on many the the of buildine Washington, andwith tives, consciously unconsciously, or like life is a great that your muis light Interestingsettlements. thrown on being into to build themselves

sical life in running keys instrument houseof with polygamousthe manner holds. power and capacity to live an ever from the bass to the finer and more

beautiful richer, more and more the beautiful phystones—from life. are they Whether Many other British papers reserviceable social, the aesthetic, ical through

viewed the work in a highly comin chemistry, typewriting, history, moral and intellectual to the spirplimentary manner. Aunt Susa, as mathematics or philosophy, they itual. The joys of intellectuality,

she is affectionately known in this are all seeking one common end, of extensive aesthetic response, ofcommunity, is to be congratulated—to make life and happiness more moral and spiritual values are

on her unusual achievement. extensive, more intensive and more many and intense. Learn to enjoy

secure. them. Listen for the overtones

This power and capacity to live of your own soul.

consists of certain educational proYou are here to become an artist product, it each note life, to where atof play ideals. "Friendship"ducts,—informationaltitude product, skills and life bethat belongs might your

for Kirby Arranged machine by Geo. D. manufacturing The beautiful a come symphony—inthis a consists plant, of the product secure. tensive, extensive and is: friend A social college curricuthe groups, of end your eduaim and The first-O- person comes The who these assemblies, a library lum, and selfis cation selfunfoldment, thein whole world when has a faculty. all possibilities the realization of out.gone

A bank of credit on which we 'T'HE faculty members, if they are within you, selfexpression and can draw supplies of confidence, -*- doing their full duty, will have service to humanity.

all to the world, do know Tocounsel, love. help sympathy, just decided and beforehand kind what

gratepossible it, to be to improve for in of product, combines terms of you One informawho it is it fulful to for to enjoy andalike skills, benefits pleasures the tion, attitudes, of or and be can society and solitude. developed with their particular fill all the commandments.

A jewel whose lustre the strong courses. They will organize their

acids of poverty and misfortune material and choose their methods cannot dim. to manufacture the life product And as all have not faith, seek

One who multiplies joys, didecided upon. If students are as ye diligently and teach one anvides griefs, and whose honesty is appreciative as their intelligence other words of wisdom; yea, seek

irrevocable. would warrant, they will cooperate ye out of the best books words of

One who loves the truth and with them to the fullest, because wisdom; seek learning, even by

you, and will tell the truth in it is their product that is being study and also by faith. (Docspite of you. manufactured. trine and Covenants, 88:118).

Irene Throws a Boomerang By MARGARET C. MOLONEY

"Then if you can't manage, I'll given up everything with a smile.

have to let Mr. Campbell have "Why can't you go?"Irene asked,

that well it was because Beaumorning, them, and I'd—rather not."knowing

dress to wear. table she had notifuls,""G.QODIrene, with a bowl of

scraps in her hand, addressed a pen "Oh, it's just that I saw a silly of Champion Buff Orpington AFTER school Irene blue dress down in Marr's window chickens across the backyard fence. hurried over to Mrs. Allen's who that I was crazy enough to go in

her Allen Mrs. two dollars. it made me so Butowed big chief, the Dandylion, and try on—and interested that she added was so to beautiful that I got a wild wish Sunflower, Daffodil,tercup, and

the three fat matrons, came quickfifty cents interest on Irene's wear it to the picnic and see if also Mrs. Brownless money. for paid Henry Ramsay her voice. ofly at the sound wouldn't—fall the dollar she then owed; and didn't me. You know I was such Mrs. morning, good "Oh,

Blake, I didn't see you,"laughed finding she still lacked a dollar the a boob, did you?"

Irene scattering the tidbits about. fifteen year old business woman

"Look how they shine in the sun."sold the brief case that had been

given to her for a Christmas presilOW much was the ent and which she needed, really, dress?"asked Irene. Her lips

I'M afraid you're going to carry her books in. quivered, but Emily thought it

to miss them, Irene. "I'm selling Up the stairs she flew to her was sympathy that was bringing

out,"she added quickly. "Have to room to get her savings, bounded the look of suffering to her little

tersister's face.go to Grace's."in the door—and stopped, a

"Oh, no!"the tears sprang to rible fear seizing her at the sound "Twenty dollars,"said Emily;

the child's eyes. "What will we of wild ungovernable sobs. "but it isn't going to kill me to

ever do without you? And my "Emily!"Irene cried. "W stay at home. I've a lot of things

beautiful bouquet, too? Are they what's happened?"She thought I'd like to do. I'm not crazy

sold, Mrs. Blake?"of the mother they had idolized, about going with a crowd of peoCampbell—but"I've had annotofferenough.from WhyMr. and terror gripped her. pleway.I don'tI see carethemmuchevery aboutday inanythe

don't you buy them, Irene. I'd liMILY sat up quickly week; besides they are to charter

let you have them for twenty dolat the cry. a train and leave at eight in the

lars.""Nothing,"she managed to say morning and don't come back be-

"What! You don't mean it, in spite of the sobs that would not fore six."Mrs. Blake?"be checked. "I didn't expect any- "But—if you had a new dress

it, wouldn't you, Em- "Yes, I do mean it. Couldn't one home, and I'm just weeping you'd love

Irene's face scapeyou was drawn, but I up that much? I've sold a to the ily?"can't go little—becauseall stars. her eyes rest."were like the the picnic."tears dried her Emily

"Twenty dollars, Mrs. Blake! with a very wet kerchief, and tried "Oh, sure,"said Emily, trying

But weren't you holding these for to smile. to joke, "If I had a new dress and

fifty dollars? Your Champions!""Oh,"said Irene. She went could show Henry how nice I can

if I have something decent to "Yes, but I'd like to know over and sat on the couch by her look someone had these who loved sister just six years older than herwear."

them, and if I found I could take self, the sister that had always "Henry isn't bothered much care of a few down there I'd expect about clothes, I notice,"said you to ship me a setting of eggs, Irene. "He's proud to take you

listen, are; charge. beenfree of You've you but about—as

dress. I've the you can have enough toaround know me how A Little Work Emily,

to take care of them; and you are By George du Maurier just been collecting my bills, and

old enough to start in business. I've twenty dollars that aren't

little little playFifteen working, is almost a woman nowand—."so, goodus ToA keep work,going—andaadays.""Oh, Precious! Honest? You day!

"Oh, if I can. I've almost A little warmth, a little light don't need it for something?"enough, and I have some more due, Of love's bestowing—and so, goodyou know for taking care of chilnight!

to fun, A little If I after school. her can collectdren

each day's I'll take Mrs. Of them,this afternoon, growing—andmatch the sorrowso, black curls,L.RENEand hershookheart grew good morrow!

Blake. I'll run over as soon as I A little trust that when we die warm at the radiant face of Emily.get home."We reap our sowing! And so—"Irene, Honey, I'll take it, if you

"I'll hold them till tomorrow Goodbye! are sure you don't mind. I never

noon,"Mrs. Blake promised. wanted anything so much in all

702 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

my life as I want that dress. And

I'll to you."up make it Love of the Land

it up to me!"Irene "Make

laughed. "As if I didn't owe you By Dr. E. G. Peterson

everything I have. Oh, Emily, President of Utah Agricultural College

hurry, and go get the dress quick before they close, or someone else '"THERE is a feeling in all of us should own a piece of land, if it gets it. which attaches us to the land. is only a barren hillside, upon

Walk out some day through the which he can go and say quietly grain or between the early corn to himself, "This is my land."

JliMILY dusted a bit of rows. Smell the ineffably delightful There is infinite comfort in nature,

face ran her tearful andpowder on secret it arise is in of odors the fructithe mystewhich from—the

sat a dress. Irene the off to get see earth; rious call in the colors, the fying to join the to us commoment wearily and then went green of the cultivated plants with panionship which includes all life

over to tell Mrs. Blake she couldn't masses of yellow flowers here and which is one under God.

have her gorgeous bouquet of Buff there in the meadow or in uncultiFortunate the country whose all. afterOrpingtons, corners vated the or along fence people own their own lands and

I could come down "But, maybe Feel the carryrows. soft breeze paunderstanding with increasing

even a bit more,"smiled Mrs. ing its measure of relief to the tiently cultivate them. There has

Blake. "How much have you alplants, billions of them toiling to been much said of the man who,

together?"produce their quota as it has been "Bowed by the weight of centuries,

Irene had to tell her about the decreed. leans upon his hoe and gazes on the

dress then. Birds sing in the nearby trees; ground, the emptiness of ages in his

"Well, Irene, I can't be outdone the sky overhead is blue. Maybe a face and on his back the burden of

by a chit of a child,"said Mrs. shower patters down gently, rethe world."Less has been said of

Blake. "The Champions are freshing the whole face of nature. the man of mental strength and

yours."have far not until walked You you integrity, clear clean of moral and

get to be able I won't "But feel the presence tremendous of life; vision, deliberately chooses who a for together dollars againtwenty in plants, in the of myriad moving toil these paths, of but high of

"It Irene. said time,"longmighty things, in the vast illumined sun dignity. honor peasant and The to get this."a year nearlytook me sky. are, Here the you among been has his hoe"who "leans upon

things that grow, under the benereplaced in America by the profesgiving you "TI'M said Mrs. Blake, the Youficentbecomeministrykin toofit all,the—aheavens.fellow sionalwith thefarmereducatedwho takesand thehis complace andChampions,"

smiled at the light that flared in of the ant toiling with his great petent of the other professions. It

the childish eyes. "That is, I'm load, companion to the bird singis such men, not the dulled and

giving them to you so that I can ing out his gladness born of a home downtrodden, who are working ask you to keep an eye on my a mate and young ones to feed. out the new agriculture with correach almost out for a handefficiency porate be but, it is to till it's the boys Youhouse rented—so ful of sunshine so tangible. it seems fever hoped, the without deadening thedon't break windows."

is pregwhich comes from too exclusive a "Oh, but I'd do that gladly for The soil beneath your feet with power. water gain. for in a search The The countryside, because I love you nant

spacious canal ripples carrying rich in natural beauty, by the fascinthat."sonothing—justmuch, you know

"Yes, I do know that, and I'm its liquid wealth to fields that joyating processes of plant and animal giving you the Champions befully await its coming. Willows life, the old art itself more ancient

cause I love you, dear, and I know have grown up along its moist than the records of Abraham, and you'll take good care of them."banks, and in its crystal depths the love of the land will restrain

"Oh, oh, oh,"cried Irene, flingwater bugs of a thousand varieties the modern American farmer from ing her arms about the plump little ply their industrious trades, desdeveloping the merchandising mind woman's neck and almost shutting perately and blindly fulfilling their to that excess which would make off the wind. "A minute ago I appointed destiny. him just a business man and not

thought life was a terribly cruel Every man, Bailey once said, also a creative husbandman.

thing, and now I think everything's lovely."

"The same way with Emily, Yellowing, of Plants too, I don't doubt,"Mrs. Blake

reminded her. "Well, let's go out 'T7HE Utah Agricultural Experiwell as low temperatures and lack

and tell the Champions about it. ment Station has just released a of light.

They'll be glad, too."publication on chlorosis, or, more

suggests author posThe two i i 1 called, of yellowing commonly: ) sible control ( of methods The 1 the F. plants. B. Dr. Wann, fellow a resolute young "When mechanical application iron of on frestates that the author, most the bully, great to thesteps up

its the plant or spraying by by is the lack chlorosis of quent cause boldly takes by andWorld, him the beard, he is often surprised to of nitrogen, magnesium, and iron injection into the plant body; and

find it come off in his hand, and in the plant itself. However, an (2) soil treatment consisting ot

that it was only tied on to scare excess watersupply or an overthe addition of manure, ammonium, sulfate, or sulphur to the the soil alkali salts in abundance ofaway timid adventurers."—O. W.

as soil. factors contributing may also beHolmes.

PRIESTHOODAll Melchizedek Priesthood material is prepared underQUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Growth Through Attention to Duty "We are all blind until we see of bishops to make reports was that rendering service which is unequaled in

That, in the human plan, they preferred to have a blank report the. amount of good that can come

Nothing is worth the making if than to have the record show the when such service is properly perIt does not make the man. woeful lack of interest in the work formed?

these cities build"Why which the report undoubtedly would glorious show. this condition, stakes, presidencies appeal to of To overcome We

goes? unbuilded If man the presidency of the stake councilors bishoprics and high high of and wards

In vain we build the world unless council have planned to look over the to make a careful study of Aaronic

The builder also grows."Aaronic Priesthood activity Records Priesthood work and launch immediduring their quarterly visits to the ately a campaign to have a real misthe plan for the training of sionary and the young wards, will, if necessary, make work done among memIN themselves. these reports in Priesthood through bers work, provide quorums, and to men of these

the quorums of the Aaronic PriestUp to the present time, there have class periods and suitable material for hood, the Lord has provided a means been issued only onethird as many these periods to hold the attention of building men unsurpassed by any Priesthood quorum outlines as should of these young men, all of whom plan yet devised by man. Yet the be in the hands of quorum members. should be helped and encouraged to

Lord's plan fails if those to whom he Is it not possible that some are negmagnify their calling. To accomplish

entrusts this great work do not perlecting a wonderful opportunity for this proper leadership is necessary.

form their duties. This plan pro- f -t

vides that there shall be a meeting of eachAaronic Priesthood members all Spiritual Activity Necessary in Summer meetings that at theseweek, and pertainingmatters to quorum are the stronger looked upon uality, and become and August we welfare JULY assignmentsbe considered. Duty a feeling that from months, have a rest as vacation should time when we

should be made and reports on prewe endeavor to get away from the them is generally a sign of decay and vious assignments received. During daily routine work of life, where may lead to a condition of inactivity

the summer months the time for this through rest and the changed enand perhaps loss of spiritualty.

stake and is optional withmeeting the our that during summer vironment we may recuperate We feel

It held onward authorities. may be for is just there need is as it should physical being. This months as much

Tuesday night or Sunday morning, be, for the body of man should be the Saints to assemble to partake of

School, with either before Sunday acas in posas the far spiritual engage preserved for food cared and and after the at School, 11:30, or Sundy as interfere tivities Priesthood the required of things those sible which from

are classes School regular Sabbath the at that urge time. other of functioning the proper any with We

if, is it called reassemble. Or, to

side teachers acting spiritual called serve to the as those organs; with but stake the presidency of the thought by

visit Saints a exact to the the find condition and encouraged be of man, we time other that council high some and their is justification to for to attend encourage opposite. There them no

it is their is duty so suitable, more that requires duties. spiritual develop- a in we Lord our letdown The for time particular decide. to The

in often together acknowledge participation meet for and through ment, is important; so not meetings holding

but the fact that meetings should be those activities which build up spirithis hand in all things.

held and that an effort should be made to have, as far as possible, every actively Priesthood member Aaronic The Harvest Season and Tithing, and following engaged in class work the prescribed course, is vital. TOURING the month of May, ward on the work of the Church, he gave First, the responsibility for this and stake authorities were asked with it a promise that those who

rests with the bishopric of the ward; to arange for at least one speech to observed this law faithfully shall be

next, upon the Aaronic Priesthood be delivered in each ward and stake blessed in their physical possessions,

Supervisory Committee; next, with meeting during the month of May and it is quite evident that blessings

the parents of those upon whom this on tithing. We are now approaching are withheld from those who have

Priesthood has been conferred. Rethe harvest season, the time when made covenant with the Lord to serve

ports received at this office show that the bulk of farm income is received. him and keep his commandments bein many of our wards this duty is We hope the expressions on this subcause of their failure to live up to

not looked upon as being one of imject during the month of May were this obligation. In speaking to the

portance. The class work is carried so impressive that all will endeavor Saints in the early days, he said:

on more as a sense of duty than as to pay their tithing according to the "Behold, thus saith the Lord unto to things have of God. many and law vital to the growth a my requirement

of; for people—youto repent behold, your There do and misare some who, when tithing Church of an active development

sionary force. One stake recently reis mentioned, stop first to consider sins have come up unto me, and are

ported that it was impossible to get their living requirements and other not pardoned, because you seek to reports from bishops concerning their expenditures and pay tithing if there is counsel in your own ways.

Aaronic Priesthood work. They stated any left. When the Lord gave the "And your hearts are not satisfied.

the high council committee showed law of tithing to his children, a law by And ye obey not the truth, but have that the main reason for the failure which funds are to be raised to carry pleasure in unrighteousness."

nmflt a LawTrainingbehind

A complete library—

25 volumes, standard size, 1930 edition—

ModernAmerican Law—is sent at once

to all students upon enrollment

Automatically Your

Earnings Increase!

training provides definite Everything in Your Favor The authors are outstanding legal authorof country's the best include ities and many rewards, training and a law trained in for opportunities men law The school attorneys judges, and law known ALAW ever are far than business greater today acquired Institute through Blackstone professors. These deans law and know men before. detemporary and Unemployment places entirely future your within your taught. it should be how—and progress the of pression never need hamper

hands. letters have of hundreds We is valuable trained executive he the a law

telling of successes made by men and asset and his progress is governed almost A Salary Increase Tomorrow efforts. entirely by his own will and formerly stood in your women who

to you, would news—That position today. aristocrat is the of Law it? the claims that wouldn't no Webemakewelcome Outstanding HomeStudy The all study students are and its as stamped briiig will of course study our a startling

men of discernment and dignity. Course in Law increase in income to every student and

Modern American Law (cited M.A.L. by yet, many students report increases as high

Law Training Is Necessary Today the courts of last resort) is the basis of the as 200% in their salaries after beginning consists course. library of the This study of law through the Blackstone Look around the leaders of large Blackstone you—ask

Institute. as a valuable serves and also 25 volumes enterprises find that and you will a training in law has been responsible in a great reference work upon the entire field of law. We do claim that a law training is the

measure for the outstanding successes that Elaborate lesson material in unit form is best foundation for a successful business or men have attained, with no greater previsent regularly, which directs the study careprofessional career, and that our course is ous training perhaps than you have now. fully and calls attention to the moneywithout a peer in the field of nonresident

Your chances of stepping in to an important making possibilities of using the principles law instruction. Blackstone Institute, Deposition with an income of $5,000.00 and of law in daily business affairs. Graduates partment 900-B, 307 North Michigan Aveupward yearly, are more than 60% in your are awarded the LL.B. degree. nue, Chicago.

favor with a law training.

BLACKSTONE INSTITUTE "The LawTrained Man"Dept. 900-B, 307 Michigan Ave., Chicago, 111.

Complete evidence of the merit and Please send me by mail, and without obligation, a copy of your book, "The Lawmoney-making possibilities of Blackstone Trained Man,"and details of your law course and service.

training is contained in an attractive booklet, It Trained "The Man."Law

Jome.. proves loafing that to time turned study

I time will today richly for the provide future. you to know We want

that opportunities the wonderful alllawaboutwill Business Position-. I

open up for you. Send for your FREE r

copy today! Business Address. i

City State.. r

MUTUAL WORK General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

George Albert Smith, General Offices Y. M. M. I. A.

Richard R. Lyman, 47 East South Temple Street Ruth May Fox, Lucy Cannon, Grant

Melvin J. Ballard, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. Clarissa A. Beesley,

Executive Secretary: 33 Bishop's Building Secretary

Oscar A. Kirkham, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Elsie Hogan

Sunday Evening, Meetings

is little responsibility noHPHERE this issue. officers. of page found on Rich 684 to other June At the Con-

J- attached to the privilege granted to material also ference be the beginning found following may plan subwas the Mutual Improvement organizaon page 560 of the June Era, under mitted:

tions to furnish for the programs Joint the title, "Vital Problems Confront division of all M. I. A.Monthly Sunday Evening Meetings First—The Us."

three phases: work into Stakeand the Conference Sunday Evening Meetings.

It is an opportunity to show M. I. Sunday Evening Quarterly a. ization,General features,finances, suchslogan,as organjoint

A. leadership or the like of it in the Conference Meetings Sunday evening programs, etc.

b. discussions (class Group studies) Stakes. presistake andWards The will programs provide always The c. Recreational activitiesdents genboth a bishops of and have wards for the use of part visthe of time by eral departmental. and effectiveright that to expect apand

iting authorities the of Church.propriate use will be the of time made assignment of each of responsibility of preparing The for Second—The I. to disposal theturned over of A. M. these phases divisions or to the is these presenting and placed programs

Officers. direct supervision of the one of as follows:

planned should be program Each Presidency; the being point emphaFall Quarterly Conferences—M care, especial judiciousthe partswith sized, that however, the three memGleaners. and Men assigned,ly the preparation followed bers the of Presidency as a work Conferences Winter—Vanguards efpresentation the overup, and put all in unit decisions. making Juniors. and

all inficiently time, keeping and on

Spring the division of the work day, the Sabbath ofwith remembrance Conferences—Scouts and Third—Since Girls. BeeHive designated as recreational activities is heldthe place the meeting in which Summer the under direct supervision now the Conferences—Adults. rightand

planning of the people not to have The of these programs will ofis the Presidency, one of this inditheir wasted. time

the Stake. be of in the hands vidual becomes the chairman of the responsibility distribution of new A

is in the Supervision hands of the Activity Community Committeefor Session is the Joint ward Monthly respective will departments have who in the (both L. Y. and Y. M. follows:made

a field successes stakewide of ward will preGleaners The Men and as M for conference draw programs, uponsent the for and September program a is organization benew it to Fourth—Ifassocition.) reprethat and the is recommendedMay. effected, ing leaders each for two sentation as pracas be wide made will Juniors Vanguards and The selected: department should be one ticable.

thegive for February programs and to class charge have discussions of

June. (Manual studies), and one, of all

The Adult Department will provide The Slogan special recreational activities. The

the programs for November and last named leaders, one from each

March. Have the slogan attractively placarddepartment, become also the comThe Scouts and BeeHive Girls will ed and conspicuously placed at the bemunity Activity Committee, being

be responsible for the programs in Deginning of the season's work. Give called together at regular and frecember and August. the slogan a place on each Monthly quent intervals by one of the PresThe three remaining months—Joint Session and Quarterly Conferidency as chairman.

April, are the September, July and reence in this way. program Directors continue Music

sponsibility the Executives, of and Appoint one some as a to read the sloFifth—Theas a department but also meet

give opportunity for presenting subgan and then to speak briefly (four Committee.

jects of special interest. minutes) on one of the Latterday When the joint Community

However, it is suggested that the Saint ideals, using for material the Activity Committee meets, therejoint meeting for next September be paragraphs published in the Era, dealfore, the personnel will be as devoted to the subject of law observing with the Ideal. The slogan need follows:

not be repeated by the congregationance. said printed has been and Much the Presidency of members Two aloud. this last subject during theon two as chair- L.) (1 and 1 Y. Y. M.

years, and matefial fitting for the men.

occasion can be found in almost any Department Manuals Two Music Directors.

number of the Improvement Era. EsTwo Recreational Leaders from

pecial reference is made to the official /\NLY minor changes are to be each department.

action taken at the June Conference - made this year in the general as- (For further details see Hand on this question and which can be signment of duties to Executives and Book Supplement for 1930.)

u y

706 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

These Manuals will not only furplemented from month to month by Department Project nish instructive and interesting mahelpful material in the Era.

terial series delightful a for disof projects Adult Department—Several

I. cussions A., during but the M. Health and Hyon "Community are Open Social for the M. I. A. preserving for well the this worth giene"are to be launched by home

library. Members of the departments September 16 department; they are treated in the

as class leaders the as well will of that title. be

It is urged that every ward:glad Nonuse individual copies in Department—"The order Men to own and M Manual in the seabegin branch the Church greatest of receive benefit the Tobacco."to from these studies. son's work on that date. The orGleaner Department—"We will gather

ganization should be complete, all Treasures of Truth."Each Manual contains, in addition equipment secured, and everybody noVanguard-Scouts—"Marking Historic

to the theme for the year's study, an tified and invited to be present and Places."outline of the activities for the deto become active members of the Junior Girls Department—"We will

partment. These outlines will be suporganization. develop beautiful and vigorous

minds and bodies through right thinking and right living."BeeHive Department—"I will overcome some undesirable habit."Adult Department—"Co mm tit tGovernor Dern Presenting Health and Hygiene."M Mn Department—"Choosing a

Vocation."Typewriter to Winner Gleaner Department—"Gleaning", by

Dr. Adam S. Bennion. Price 25c. VanguardScouts Department—''Scout

Hand Book"and "VanguardScout Guide."Junior Girls Department—"Believing

and Doing", by Clarissa A. Beesley.

Price 20c.

Department Books

Executive—Life of Joseph Smith

Cannon $2.50

Special Price to M. I. A., $1.80, cash

Adults—"Grandmotherwith the order. Brown's 100

Years"Brown $3.00

M Men—"Light in the Clearing"—

Gleaners—"Bambi"Bachelor $.75 Salten $2.50 Junior (GtrJJs—"Life of Schumann -

BeeHive—"MotherHeink"Lawton Carey's$2.50 Chickens"—Wiggin $.75 Vanguard—"On the Bottom"Elkberg $3.00

Scouts—"Chad of Knob Hill,"$2.00.

Buy the entire list for $15.00 if

cash comes with the order, $16.00 if

sent C. O. D. f or $17.00 if charged to

the ward account.

The above books may be secured

At a recent assembly of students of This record comes to within one word from the Deseret Book Co., 44 E. So.

Henager's Business College, Governor Dern per minute of that made by Ethel Glaze, Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah.

presented Miss Doris Jackson with a Royal who, while a student of Henager's Business

Typewriter. This award was made by the College, wrote at the rate of 107 net words Note: If any association finds it too

Royal Typewriter Co., N. Y., for test per minute in International Contest held in expensive ito purchase both "Bambi"

written at highest rate of speed by any New York City. The school holds five and "Life of SchumannHeink"the

student in the State this year. Miss International Records. Gleaner and Junior Departments may

rate at per wroteJackson words of 106 the other. or unite on either one

fifteen error. forminute minutes without any week and may enroll New students

< i > rate the highest speed not only ofThis is as their progress just as rapidly application the State,ever in written student any by ability will are permit. Graduates and all is strengthener library the of is "A also State.? the thebut highest in United as as just soon placed positions in good

life, is great repeller in that this thesince inauguratsystem and of awards was is has school their completed. course The years ago.ed Governor comDern is two half petty of and mean: what and

fill all positions to the open been unable excellence theplimented Jackson Miss on if perisrj, the society gossip of would this year. are Visitors always welcome to her hasof work, which brought honor that the are reading truly books worth at inquiries cheerfully answered and State.herself, to the her school to and Healso gave a very interesting and instructive Henager's Business College, 45 E. Broadwere but read."—George Dawson in

talk to the students on the need in business way. Enroll now, before the Fall Term an address at the opening of Birof well trained students. starts. mingham Free Reference Library.

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 707

-Gleaners Department M Men COMMITTEE FULl VAIUE Combined M Men and Gleaner Committees

With M MenGleaner Session of the June Conference, 1930 KNIGHT session of the (See Page The Challenge 685)

C. Warwick Lamoreaux in heldTHEgreatSundayM. I. eveningA. Conference

to the FaithSalt City June Lake Spring Canyon

Assemblage of M MenGleaners to theturned over

Body 6, M7, andMen8, wasand Song,The Human"TrueGleaners.

The theme of the meeting was The TheronHome (SeeFotheringhamMarvinPage 688) MaurineJonasBurt beautifully which"Carry On,"sup- (Presenting Virtues of the Home, M Menthe generalplemented theme of the Gleaners)conference "Onward with Mormon Our Government A. L. Beecher COAL

Ideals,"MenGleaners),. Knight Spring Canyonentirely by TheM programMen and wasGleanerspresentedand Our (ResponsesReligion by M

portrayed in a splendid manner what Ray Alleman, Grace Gardiner, With Coal has a fine, straight grain the of the contributed has youth past I A Glorious SoundSpecialis HeardChorus that breaks evenly, almost to the carrying of the Church, and O Hark on

MenGleaner Chorus) (M will contribute. they to continuewhat slack. 3 This Part means Introduction of President Hebsr without the the period of During organiza- J. Grant (See Page E. 689). Jas Sabine that when you order a ton oftion the persecutions Church, of when Song to "Hail President"Our

and hardships had to be encountered (Written for the Occasion by Ruth May Knight Coal, you get a full on every hand, it was young men Fox and J. Spencer Corwall)

who had to carry the message to an Response President Heber J. Grant ton of Utah's cleanest, hotSong "Carry traveling on"Congregation unbelieving world, many

Prayer—-- * Anna Porter test, hardest coal. It doesmiles without on foot, food or money

principal addresses The are to be found not slack or deteriorate in but that the happy knowledge while it elsewhere in issue the of the Era, aswas God's work. its indicated on to the on program. way you the from people, the of the During exodus General The Board can supply gold dealer to this as pioneers in nor they came bins. unwhen your green and as in paper used the "Carry

conquered desert, the young men and On"song at the point indicated in the women were valiant in their loyalty, song "holding aloft our colors."They

and sometimes gave their lives to help can also supply you with the two songs weaker ones over the seeming impasscomposed for this occasion i. e., "Carry

able places. On"and "Hail To Our President."

Price 1 of cent per sheet plus so years, on the through And down Paper—

postage. the this of youth have proved Church

Price of c. 5 Song—themselves tasks, to equal their and to Send the Ladies'General Young

carriedhave on, will be and ready Offices Board for songs paper, and 33 p*ssgssp willing toand bear the the burdens of Bishop's Bldg., Salt City, Lake Utah.

day as they come along. This program is furnished in the hope

that a similar program will be presented "Utah's Cleanest, Hardest,

Program in every Stake and Ward in the Church.

In every locality you will find evidence hottest coal,"it is recognized

Presentation of Chairman of Meeting of sacrifice, courage, and an abiding faith

General Supt. Gporge Albert Smith in God shown by our leaders in preparing everywhere as a superior Utah

Song, "High on the Mountain Top"for us the wonderful things have today. we coal. You can't go wrong,. Congregation it not Would thing be a fine for our young

Prayer Lynn Roberts people to portray the efforts of these when you specify Knight

Song, "The Morning Breaks"splendid live them characters—make Chorus of 600 again? Let feel Spring Canyon Coal. our young people see and

"The Theme"(See Page 686) the lives of these great men and women --,- L. Verl Broadbent who have done so much for them. Let

(Written for the occasion by Ruth May them bring to light and express an apFox and Alfred M. Durham) preciation of their community leaders ofTheme Song the past. Let them know and feel the KNIGHT

-—Assemblage of M. Men and Gleaners power that caused these pioneers to sacrifice

Part I- Contribution of Youth in the Past so much for the Gospel and the ideals of Period of Organization Melvin Ridges their faith. FUEL

Period of Persecution Archie Williams Encourage the M Men and Gleaners to (Pantomine Groups Accompanying) put on a program in every Stake in theDays of the Pioneers Church, portraying the ideals of our CO.

leaders, the pioneers. not be It would M L. E. Adams, General Sales Agent such a difficult thing to find an abundance—,Eula Waldram, A. N.MenParker,and 40Gleaners

Fifty Years Ago of material to shape such a program and General Offices, 8 1 8 Newhouse Bldg.

Edna Rhoades and Erma Manvill we feel sure that not only the onlooker but (Presenting Leaves From an Old Album, the participants, as well will be greatly Salt Lake City, UtahM MenGleaners) blessed, and that it will strengthen the L

Part 2 The Young People of Today: faith of the youth of today.

70S The Improvement Era for August, 1930

Roses Again you wish to put a similar program on for your own ward or stake, turn to

INmitteelast month'sexpressedEra pleasurethe JuniorandComap- pageyour 666ownandideasuse uponthat material,it, if youor baseprepreciation for the lovely roses sent in fer. Dramatization is a most potent

by the Junior girls of the various form of expression, and the lovely stakes of the Church which were used message of Juniorhood can be carried to decorate the great Tabernacle on over beautifully and effectively through the occasion of the JuniorBee-Hive this means.

Festival at June Conference. In this

act, the girls demonstrated one phase of the project—the beautifying of

houses of worship. Single flowers and Reports

bunches, wreaths and garlands poured in from everywhere, bringing with "7E learn to do by doing and by seeing others what are doing. loyalty and their of love message them

If your is trying group any plans new girl have could If every cheer. and

for the summer, send in the report, flowthe scene the gorgeous seen when ers were arranged, she would doubtless and let others share it with you.

have found rich compensation for the effort and sacrifice put forth. The Report from Liberty Stake

decorations, at the request of Primary the girls Junior "D ELIEVING othof officers, left I. in the were A. and M. *-* will er wards interested be in for morning the Sunday Tabernacle

5 Cereal BeveRA.. knowing others are what doing, we, A for also conference, the C/ and session of vNOURlSHlNO '""'the Juniors of the Ninth Libof ward night, at session CO MenGleaner "*>bK E R Products the M erty Stake give account an ourselves of that meeting, of conclusion at the and

the Salt Lake stake requested that they as follows:

Our motto has rose the Festival left the Flower annual for be been—like a supply Get Ke*p on hand. BECCO leave fragrance everywhere. Like this -—to a At held week later. to be are sold drinks wherever good its brightness have we stanset as our a of appreciaexpression time, public

tion to the Junior girls of the Church dard, the brilliance of Christ's teachwas made, and their project given full ings.

measure of praise. Feeling that there may have been

on the part of some members need for guidance, we placed in our classJune Conference Meetings room a question box, where problems could be placed for discussion in open the special separate session for meeting, without embarrassing any inATJunior leaders, an outline of the dividual. We've endeavored to help

class discussion for the coming season everyone in an impersonal way; for

was given by Counselor Clarissa A. we believe that character is caught and

Beesley, the writer of the text. A synnot taught.

Made and Hr. (tied by opsis of her talk will be included in At the beginning of the year our

BECKER PRODUCTS CO. the manual which is soon to be off class made candy which was sold at

Ogden, Utah the press. This will give Junior leadour opening social, the proceeds of

ers ample time before the fall opening which bought our book, "A Lantern of the M. I. A. to become familiar In Her Hand,"by Bess Streeter Aidwith the material, and better prepared rich. The girls were greatly impressed

The Utah High power.to do theirThe partprice withof theefficiencymanual willand byhigherthisideals.book Weand alsowereparticipatedinspired toin

School of Beauty be nominal, and we feel sure that the the retold story contest.

Culture needperhapsfor hasspiritualneverdevelopment,been greaterwhichthan worshipIn orderon tothe beautifyoccasion ourof ourroomsmeetof 331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake now, will be partially fulfilled in the ings, we appointed a committee to

Learn a profession that would make study of the splendid material being provide flowers to create an atmosphere you independent for the rest of prepared. in keeping with our project, "We Will

your life. Write for catalog. Cultivate the Beautiful Through the

Mail this Coupon. Raising of Flowers."

Festival Dramitization Comparable to this atmosphere, our

Name Junior chorus added some inspiring

Address SOformanycopiesrequestsof thehaveprogrambeen presentreceived musicalinterestingselections.programs,Wewherepresentedeveryonesome

at felt Festival it a at to be present. joy the JuniorBee-Hive provide board to ed and room CityWe can are being travelogue! our that they students of conference out town. Oh! the fun June And

granted in this number of the Era. If we had traveling! We visited the HyThe Improvement Era for August, 1930 709

Radium Is Restoring

Health to Thousands No medicine or drugs. Just a light,

small, comfortable inexpensive RadioActive Pad, worn on the back by day and over the stomach at night. Sold

on ing1 trial.you beforeYou canyou bebuysureit. itOveris help150,-

000 sold on this plan. Thousands have

written us that it healed them of

Neuritis, Rheumatism, High Blood

Pressure, Constipation, Nervous Prostration, Asthma and other respiratory disorders, Heart, Liver, Kidney and

Bladder trouble, etc. No matter what

you have tried, or what your trouble may be, try Degnen's RadioActive

Solar Pad at our risk. Write today

for Trial offer and descriptive literature. Radium Appliance Co., 165 Bradbury Bldg., Los Angeles, Cal.

NEWEST

Junior Girls Liberty Stake STYLES land telephone exchange, the Mexican we are reminded of the good laughs mission, and the Keeley Candy Comof that night. pany, besides some imaginary trips The climax to the year was our Wedding

through Australia, Siberia, SwitzerSpring Festival, which was given as a land, Germany, Jerusalem, and the Mothers'and Junior Girls'Banquet.Hawaiian Islands. We entertained our mothers with a Announcements

delightful decoravery the program;

clever curlyChristmas For made we tions beautiful, flashlight a were and dolls, given papercrepe which were seated and to picture taken everyone of was presents. for Christmas mothersour

table. at the

dolls in a cleverly were displayedThe have enjoyed during We the work Society at the Relief arranged booth Invitations the year. past helped has Our workBazaar.

to us better build characters, live betAnd then came our Valentine parter, and to cultivate the beautiful. jT

ty! It was in the form of a Kiddies'Aleen Johnson, Printed

party, and we were all dressed up for Lauretta H. Durbin,

the occasion. Every once in a while Junior Leaders. Process Embossed

Or Engraved Lamondi Lode Mail Orders Given Special "'To the woods, so green inviting, hold bonfire parties, dance to the acLet us now a-maying go—companiment of piano or victrola, telj Attention

stories and enact plays around the

TFTE spirit of this song rang in the crackling, odorous cedar logs in the hearts of the girls of Mount Oggreat rock fireplace built into one end / / / den Stake last summer while the paveof the Lodge. Some hiked to gather

ments melted in the sizzling town, wildflowers, twenty different varifor their eyes were turned toward eties of which are to be found within Ask for Samples and the a tenminute camp, walk from camp. I. A. girls'their M. Lamondi

the Prices popular situated the most spotLodge, in North Fork CanPerhaps was yon at the foot of the stately Ben swimming hole.

Lomond. While the Mutual camp Each visiting group was taken on 1 1 f

season lasted the Beehive, Junior, and an eighteenmile hike by Bishop WilGleaner girls took turns at weekly liam Z. Terry of the Eighteenth Ward

visits to their mountain "home", alto the top of Ben Lomond. These Prompt Service

though the Fourteenth and Sevenhikes were decidedly popular, as the teenth Ward maids went as ward view is magnificent, and the long walks units. were made attractive and instructive The Lodge is a cool, roomy strucby the interesting "nature"stories told The DESERET

ture which accommodates forty at a by the guide.time. Meals are excellent. Mrs. Ella At the camp, Sunday School and NEWS PRESS

held meeting weekly,Griggs were was housemother, Miss sacrament and 29 Richards Street these being presided recreation leader. over StakeSarah McCracken by the

The guests could hike, swing, play Sunday School Board. Salt Lake City

volleyball, croquet, and campball, (Continued on page 710)

710 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

Bee Hive Girls Department COMMITTEE Catherine Folsom, Chairman Elsie Hogan Sarah R. Cannon Vida F. Clawson Glenn J. Beeley

Deseret Stake BeeHive in BeeHive formation. This Swarm

Swarm Day Dayters'wasday, trulyand thea motherssweet happyand daughspirit "Iron Fireman is giving which permeated each one present sureentire satisfaction"TTHAT"hood gloriousand Womanhoodpromises ofaregirlin Mayly madewe ithaveonemanyto be suchlong days.remembered.

Chapel of Forest Dale Ward gets better store for each BeeHive girl who is Myrtle L. Wright,

heat for less money with automatic true to the L. D. S. ideals and standStake BeeKeeper.

coal burner. ards of living. Such was shown by

the spirit Deseret theme of and records the of Iron inthe Fireman HEHP in Delta held Stake Day Swarm May Blackfoot Stake Swarm Day *- stallation in the chapel the Forest of 14th, 1930.

Dale Ward at Salt Lake tell a convincing We have eight wards who have BeeHeld story of the benefits and economies that Hive swarms and seven were in atresult when hand firing is replaced by Iron tendance with their mothers and Y. L. TN June we held our Swarm Day,

Fireman, the machine that made coal an officers. Contests in all four events 7 when 33 girls completed their Beeautomatic fuel. were conducted, that of story telling, Hive work. The BeeHive songs,

scrap books, folk dance, and arts. Concontests in dance and story telling,

Fuel tonnage necessary to give the required tests in retold story and folk dance the BeeHive formation drill, were heat has been reduced at least 20%. Mine were held at 11:00 o'clock, at which especially interesting to the many

slack, a much cheaper fuel than could be winners in the events were chosen. mothers present. Our Stake BeeKeep-

er, the Sister Carlson, conducted Anna competition hour, lunch firing, used with also a hand has been big During affair efficient in a most manner. We each girls the from supreme, reigned item fuel in cutting costs. building The are delighted interest the with shown yells, songs their giving own ward is heated in it onethird the time that took the progress and the of in our work speeches. and firing, iswith the hand heat and uniform stake. girls fall, our of the BeeHive Last

all at times. nuisance smoke has The been Mrs. Bitton, Althea exhibit the to for stake decided have

completely eliminated. on Swarm Day, cake making, dress Y. L. Stake President

If you want to cut fuel costs and heat making, fancy work, art crafts and

Delta 2nd scrap books. Ward or commercial your home plant more was Changes in Cells

efficiently, variety largest investigate for the the prize Iron Fireman. See given

your local Iron Fireman dealer, or write of articles on display. A prize cake,

or phone Mayne Read, District Represendress, and scrap book was selected by CELL No. 287 has been revised to

tative Iron of the a seal for the of Fireman reading provide Manufacturing credit is due our judges. the Much Company, Yale 1623 Avenue, readthe the department on one book BeeKeepers. Salt Lake splendid City, Utah. three, heretoas instead ing course, of program graduation 1:30 our At was given in which each ward took fore specified. Domestic Art—'Cell No.

includes any form of arti509 now of part. was "The Spirit Our theme IRON FIREMAN ficial flowers. original splendid the Hive."Three AUTOMATIC COAL BURNER

dramatizations were written by a BeeCell No. 510 includes batik, tye

the machine Hive girl from the ward presenting and dye work, jesso, clay, polychrome that made coal the play. Eighteen BeeHive girls reand creole work, etc. BeeKeepers

an automatic fuel ceived their Gold Bee and Certificate, may decide what deserves a seal.

BE INDEPENDENT Lamondi Lodg,e No Other Vocation So Profitable (Continued from page 709)

ENROLL NOW For a Complete Course at the The duties of camp life were taken Ogden Stake. The improvement of

care of largely by the visiting girls, this beautiful, mountainous property

Quish School of Beauty Culture who, each summer, are divided into is under the direction of a committee

The Best in the West four groups; (1) The Pearl Divers, selected from the High Council, the

304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. who wash dishes; (2) The Bridgets, present chairman being William J.

meals; assist of preparation the in who CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH is itself Barnes. being Lodge The sweep of Honor, Maids who (3) The Information Further For off the presidency operated the 'by Foresters, dust, and and The (4) Call Catalog and Ladies'Nellie Mutuals, Miss the Young prepare gather and wood who o* 7560 Wasatch

Hendricks, Jones, Mrs. Mrs. Mary and Fill groups, in bonfires. This joyous were These

it is deterHyde, to the and made play of the.socalled Blanche g - Coupon who

efforts vision, untiring mination, and "work".

Lamondi Lodge is built on the fifty of these sisters that the girls owe the acres in the North Fork a few miles delightful weeks spent last summer at out from Ogden, owned by Mount "Lamondi."

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 711

Expatriation Ketterer & Perschon (Continued from page 665) Company 657 Washington Street but indistinctly. Some of that he asked her to sit on his knee as Salt Lake City, Utah

which I shall say, you have already she had done from babyhood. Interior Decorating, Painting,

heard many times; some of it will More than one serious trouble had Paperhanging in Private

be shockingly new. been banished entirely or at least Homes, Churches,Halls Amusement the to forgetfulness soothed father, by Z. Terry, "Your John

See 9th, 19th and our work at of tenderness this bighearted man, as Jessie as dearwas Dean to me chapels Hawthorne ward is to you. He was instinctively the only father she had really Right Prices—-High Quality

and always a gentleman, as conknown. Satisfaction Assured

I trying that "Yes, as I ever is whatscientious knew, am a man SKETCHES REQUEST ON it child, find to and I friend. a delightfuland withal say, my Was. 2797 very j Phone PhoneAnd Jack was a handsome fellow, hard to do. I heard something of Hy. 3 75

too, wasn't he, mother? You come this woman, your mother, and

honestly by your good looks, wrote Jack urging him to be carechild. He had as captivating a ful. Though he was not a good

manner with the girls as you have correspondent and seldom wrote, with men, but there was nothing he did answer that letter and ashe abhorred quite so much as a sured me there was no occasion for 20 Years ol male flirt, and his efforts to dodge anxiety. However, it appears now

designing mothers and acquiescent that he ultimately yielded to tempImprovement daughters amused us greatly. tation and made her his wife."

"He had always wanted to trav- "Then my parents were properproduced this el, so when one particular woman ly married?"

with a marriageable daughter pur- "Oh certainly, yes indeed!"Mr.

sued him so determinedly he Redfield hastened to assure her.packed up and left the country, "No question of that kind has ever GREAT

visiting different lands and windbeen raised."Again the judge

ing up in the South Sea Islands. hesitated. EUREKAFrom there he wrote and per- 'Then was my mother not a

suaded me to join with him in a good woman?"

number of investments which subsequently proved very profitable.

Fiji, in had interests Tonga could "We HAT he Ti and time and his Samoa disatisfactory was this quesgive IN the Eureka Standard, the to answer vided among the various groups, tion, afforded temporary relief to famous "HighVacuum"though for the most part his home the troubled man. But Nell inprinciple of cleaning has been

was in Apia, where you were born, sisted that he proceed. brought to its highest point

superThis of refinement.daughter, and where your parents 'You the Evknow how proud only not Eureka powered the terrible inwere killed hurrieretts their have always been of

of cleaning superior assurescane. blood, family carefully and how but floor coverings, rugs and "Many people hereabouts knew they have the ancesenquired into

amaznew and has many Terry. HisJohn family was an try of those might become one also who

a believed you never ing uses one, honoredold and and his own in marriage. with them You will

character was above reproach, so recall how your own case was vacuum cleaner could have that from your father's side you looked into and that I was able to floor polishing, sanitizing, have every reason to be proud of show Mr. Everett the letter which moth control. Ask for a

no obligathe blood which is in your veins. your father wrote me at the time demonstration—

But—"of his marriage, informing me that tion.

he was marrying a splendid girl Small Down Payment

Easy Terms—Balance all of be proud would we whom flounREDFIELD Mi.R. culture education and and whose as as helplesslydered an unwilling Light Utah Power & respect in every were comparable witness his severe crossex- under amination. Evidently the task with the Terrys. Everett was fully Company

confronting him was not an easy satisfied, but later on he accidentAnd All Branch Stores one. The quickwitted girl caught ally met a merchant from Apia Phone Today, Ask for the

a faint glimmer of what was to be who hinted at something which Eureka Dept.

revealed. was most disquieting. Also

so incensed "Although I haven't that I was you mean "But of his Eureka Vacuum I heard the reason to be evening when proud same of my this mother? Is that what you are action that we almost came to Cleaner Co.

trying to say?"blows, I must confess now Mr. 177 East Broadway, Salt Lake

Her frightened and penetrating Everett did the consistent and City, Utah gaze was disconcerting. As much proper thing, the thing that any Factory Distributors

to avoid it as for any other reason, thoughtful father would do, en-

712 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

gaged a discreet man to go to the ing man grasps a bit of driftwood.

islands to investigate."For a time she clung desperately to

"And he found?"The question it.

came huskily from tense lips. "But what then?"she finally

"He found confirmation of the asked herself. "Marry him and

statement made by the merchant, live a lie all my life, to my associthat your mother was part Fijian."ates, to my children whom I have

The girl's face was very white, sung to sleep, in imagination, ever but of the three she was the most since my own babyhood? What

calm. She made a pitiful attempt kind of a Nathan would I be?

You Cannot Afford towife.comfortThen Mr.tremblinglyRedfield sheandputhisa Whenhe wouldmy fatherrather thoughthave seenme mewhitein

J to be Without a question'To what race do the Fijians myone shroudtainted thanas I marriedam. Histo somewhite

"Caterpillar"Tracbelong?"southern blood has always revolttor During 1930! race.''To the Melanesian or Negroid edto hateat suchme unions.as I wouldHe wouldhate myself.come

Make your profit by lowering If I alone of all the world knew operation procosts and increasing the secret, this I could not degrade duction. him."I love by marrying man l I T was in Nell's own the Tractor is The "Caterpillar"

only sure way of doing this. room that the full force of the caher. broke news a have upon size for you at a lamitous We felt they they WiHEN price pay. can you negro. the horShe was part That Mrs. and wisely, Mr. could do so

Redfield but to her room, came Landes Tractor & rorwas ofcauseit didfor notsurprisekill herto herinstantlyoverlittle comfort. to offer were able

Equipment Company whelmed mind. Reared in an arisIndeed, they were hardly less disDealers tocratic southern family, slaveturbed than was the girl. ExhausSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH holders for generations prior to tion alone brought a measure of

Branches Logan, Tremonton, Nephi, the civil war, she had from childtranquility to the troubled hearts.

hood imbibed ideas concerning the With calmness a faint hope arose Utah—Malad and Preston, Idaho

colored race which made this inin the afflicted girl's mind Eagerformation peculiarly abhorrent. ly she put the question: -="*=a Nate had often called her his bru- "Is it possible that this detective Zi nette lily, and she shuddered at is either mistaken or has made up

plexion. "How I wish such a hope could We point with pride thought of the origin of her comthis story?"

TO THIS CERTIFICATE OF AWARD Thinking of Nate made the be justified! I entertained it myFROM THE AMERICAN AUTOMOBILE present condition seem unbearable, self at first, but Mr. Gray, whom

ASSOCIATION... and she flung herself on the bed in I have known by reputation for a

a fit of uncontrollable grief. Nate long time, is a very high class man.

already knew the loathsome truth He would not stoop to falsehood or would know immediately. Of and there would be no motive for

course the Everetts would object it, because Mr. Everett was sinto the marriage. They could have cerely anxious to disprove the ruhad no other purpose in sending a mor which had come to him; and

spy to the Islands; and she heras for a mistake, Gray's training

self must forestall them by declinis a guaranty against that. In ading to continue the engagement, or dition, he has sworn statements

suffer the degradation of having from private individuals as well as them reject her. The intense pride from officials in Samoa that John a—of her soul—a pride possessed by Terry's wife was

inheritance and cultivation "A negress!"finished Nell with

Now America's Newest Oil Becomes flamed up bitterly, resentfully, at a shudder.

America's Best Oil for You to Use—the the alternative. This explained "Had Fijian blood in her

Pike's Peak Test Proved It! the cause of their coolness, and as veins,"corrected Mr. Redfield.

Get this free she considered it further, the temp- "But how do you explain my booklet, "Pike's TestsPeak Contation swept over her still to claim father's letter to you on the subfirm CONOCO'S CONOCO their son. Even possessed of this ject? Can you believe he lied to

Challenge,"CONOCO stationat any knowledge, she was sure he would his best friend?"GEkM not willingly relinquish her, and "No, I can not! John TerryCONOCOor stationsdealers.of

her first impulse was that she was so honest that if he had dePROCEEDP A A. A f F i N BASE would marry him in spite of all. clared his wife was wholly white MOTOR OIL They could go away among his bare statement would stand

strangers; the property left by Mr. with me against a roomful of afTerry was ample for their needs, fidavits from unknown people, but

and Nate, too, was well equipped I have reread that particular letter by training to provide for them. carefully and unfortunately he does

The idea was seized as a drownnot say, though he evidently inThe Improvement Era for August, 1930 713 tended to convey the idea, that no outright and your father lived only "And he alone knows how comcolored blood was in her veins. No long enough feebly to entreat pletely you have fulfilled the duties

word of his actually contradicts friends to have us take you home of parents."The girl's tone indiGray's report. Your mother was and raise you as our own daughcated that she, too, comprehended

well educated and talented, her ter. the extent of their fidelity. Then

father traced his ancestry to the "They had been buried several she continued, "What did you

British nobility, and threequar- days when we arrived. We erected learn of my own mother?"

ters of her mother's blood runs stones over their graves and made "You must remember that the back to the best families, but the disposition of our few remaining hurricane wrought frightful havoc other quarter was Fijian."interests."with the country and people, and

"You overlook the most imeverything was in confusion. We

the girl's request, portant thing,"Mrs. Redfield inlearned nothing whatever of your AT told again all he terposed. "While mourning sinmother except that the reports sentJudge Redfield were beauty of cerely her talents and friend, at us for were after our we history parents'her ofknew naIt the evident confirmed. for the was time thanking same had God Word other. eachthey met

sincerely. tives her to That loved giving prayers hearing our and Nelly that Fiji from to himcome already you, idolized you she a us child."Fijian enough just withAlder,

her a to make in her veinsblood ii i<ii iai 1 followcreature,most captivating her American of example theing in love r deeply fallensisters, had with Terry who had avoided herfor a time and to escape had finally Service to the gone to Tonga, where they had business interests. He had subsequently married there, and theRedfields were always of the opinChurch

but woman, another was toion it For fiftyfive years, Brigham Young University has been that showed affidavits Gray'sMr.

the Fijian woman was so desperbuilding Latterday Saint manhood and womanhood. More

ately in love that she had followed than 20,000 young people have attended this great institution.

him to Tonga. Gray was not able Thousands of them may be found serving in positions of trust an to owing place that in landto Bishoprics, Seminary, in Stake Presidencies, the such as Church, pecudisease a measles, ofepidemic Relief faculties, School, School and Church M. I. A., Sunday but Islanders, to the fatalliarly

had written for information and Society and Primary officers, and in missionary work.

had received an official statement from the prime minister that John

Z. Terry and Nelly Alder were 1500 College Students

married there by the Rev. Josiah

Hunt. In his possession also weredocuments from residents of SaEnroll Annually

moa and Fiji that Nelly Alder, wife of Mr. Terry, was an eighth The 1930 graduating classes contained 305 young people

Fijian. A reputable merchant of trained for service in the communities of the Church.

business done had placethat who to enter in life, vocation you you intend what No matter the knew Suva, in Alder Mr.with it at training standard Brigham towards can secure Young mother Nelly's and well,family

showed unmistakable signs of colUniversity.

lored blood. The "Y"is accredited by the highest academic rating

1HE tropical climate agencies in the land.

never did agree with Jack,"conWork towards Bachelor's or Master's degree offered in foltinued the judge. "His health lowing colleges:

that and fearingbroke down the APPLIED SCIENCE COMMERCE disposed he approachingend was EDUCATION ARTS AND SCIENCESof most of our holdings and sent for me to come down to help FINE ARTS GRADUATE SCHOOL close up our affairs. He urged

haste, as there were some imporFor further information address:

tant explanations to make. Mother The President

and I both went, but before the destructivereaching Apia occurred. hurBrigham Young University The buildingricane had

in which your parents lived, colPROVO, UTAH lapsed, as did most others in the town. Your mother was killed

714 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

know, having been told from insob comGREAT of the chaos fancy amid of how, the of heart ing from theAsensitive your she shielded that fatal storm, tiny body with her own, thereby man shook his frame; a cry such

saving your life at the cost of hers."as comes only from one filled with

wife. his love escaped mother

I until loved tonight have "And Lilly Nell!"no, RedMrs. "No,

life her the she saved loved and field are daughmoaned. "You my it, I feel for that saving but now

ter, child, given sweet own my cruel. she Oh, most was why in to to a answer heaven by me

I wasn't buried them?"with childless woman's prayers. You

can not leave us. It would kill

us both."REDFIELD JUDGE it merciful "Heaven was when girl his in the overwrought took

here, sent father to such a kind me there, sweet "There, arms. my tender mother, oh, and and how it to little take so daughter, don't

heart."I've'learned to love you, but you

see I that can't can remain. My Mgr. Yergensen, Katheryn that's the trouof one "But Superintendents'and Teachers'this, will of friends and know

. Friend Best little bles! I have been your if not, they even have do you

it so has daughter long and until taught honesty mingling me Is the Time When Now insweetness such joy brought and as always with done I have them Filled Positions Must Be is all past that to my life. Now lie, a living for be worse would

Immediately and I can never call you father all than death, worse even than usto

If there teacher available is a again."we and mother live in land."a foreign alone

is If there a vacancy know course "Of you can. Mother grief of the excitement and The it listed. have weit.

and I have talked it all over and evening had exhausted the girl, and

Yergensen Teachers'there's not to be the slightest Mrs. Redfield insisted on putting

Agency change in our relations. Isn't that her to bed.

607-8 Deseret Bank Bldg. so, mother?""I'll leave your door open, dear,

Salt Lake City, Utah Mrs. Redfield answered by kissso that if you need me you can

Office Phones Wasatch 4229 ing the girl's wet cheeks and mincall."Wasatch 3988

Home Phone Hyland 7920 gling her own tears with her daughter's.

later the say that; you "Of course would MOMENT

bell the door A heard else. expect I didn't anything But young lady

I'm not likely to forget now the ring and then Nate's voice dehorror with which you have both manding of her father.

looked upon people whose blood "Where's Nell? I must see her."

was tainted as mine is. And there's "She is indisposed and has reNate,"with difficulty she restraintired. You know it is past mided a fresh outburst of grief. "If I night."

should ask your advice, you "Judge Redfield, I want your couldn't say for me to marry him, help in this matter. You'll not

consequently there's only one be so absurd and unreasonable, I thing to be done. I must go away know, as father and mother are.

from here, from you, the only I don't give a tinker's dam for a parents I have really known, from sixteenth of Fijian blood! I'd marNate; must go back to the Islands, ry her if she were a mulatto!"

Sego Milk is the most popular to weep over the graves of my par- "No you wouldn't, my boy.

evaporated milk in the interents and there, with whatever courYou would be doing yourself, Nell mountain region. It has gained age and strength I can muster, and the world a wrong."The

its place high through uniform closed library, the into the life went men working for spend my distinctive quality, finer flavor listener no heard the the door, and the of betterment and creaminess. delicious and Ask education

your grocer for Sego Milk. people among whom I was born, more.

until I die of a broken heart."(To be continued)

Cheer and Trust to Face Adversity

By Wm. M. Waddoups

President Hawaiian Mission VyHEN you think life isn't fering from the ravages of leprosy.

sick and suffering Although while, I wish you "worth separated affliction, from physical island of Molosee the little aCream's Rival 55 could kai, one of the Hawaiian group. family, friends, cut off from perThere you would find a colony of sonal contact with the rest of the

about five hundred adults, all sufworld, yet you would find them

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 715

cheerfully hopeful, and spiritually of their fellowsexalted above most optiTHE NEW ALL STEEL never I have more known mistic resignition. Where you would naturally expect sadness, MISKIN SCRAPER

you find cheerfulness. Where you

would look for tears you find 1;:; & fc; '"'"-"

laughter. I think I saw more smiles EAgY J?P% 1%. w zmffi"

inch in to the square this unique TO FOB village I ever other than in any visited. This is doubly unusual HANDLE '''AlJ smt HORSES

when you learn that there is not EASY OR a single child among them. TO TRACTOR

Such are the people who reside PULL in the Kalaupapa Leper Settlement, maintained by the Territory of

Hawaii, for the isolation and care WEEDS GROW UP AROUND ALL OTHER SCRAPERS

THE MISKIN IS KNOWN WHERE its leper unfortunates.of

BE BETTER POSSIBLY INVESTMENT MADE NO CAN is In operate, well is cheaper to that a leveled company farm known with my wife, OliLevelAT THISyour TIME,farm now.as it

via, who represented the Relief ofrequirescrops lessand watera muchto irrigategreater andyield.lessThelaborefficientand timeandtoeconomicalproduce anwayeventodistributiondo this is

Society organization of the Hawith a Miskin Scraper. WRITE FOR CIRCULAR AND PRICES.

waiian mission, and Miss Freda Manufactured only by a graduate of the L.Linnebach, D. MISKIN SCRAPER WORKS missionary S. hospital doing work UCON, IDAHO

in this mission, we visited this beautiful little city of Refuge, for the purpose of lending as much spiritual comfort, and support as we could. INSURE We were permitted, by the

Board of Health, to stay with them i Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from for three lived, all days. as We i any cause.visitors set do, in the quarters aside

for the entertainment of those whose or duty takes work to INSURE them the Settlement. Your animals while in transit to market. We have in this settlement one

of the most active branches of the Let us quote you rates.

Church in the Hawaiian mission.

a fully have organizedThey and HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY

efficiently Relief Society, working Street Salt Lake City, Utah 20 Maina School, model Sunday a wide and awake M. I. A. All these organizations are manned and conducted by local people who get little

personal contact with the other members and organizations of the ASSIST CAN YOUChurch. of members The the In the DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITY of YOUR this villageChurch in rank among

our best tithe payers. by Patronizing your LOCAL DEALER

of the One most pleasing feaREMEMBER—tures of our meetings with them

was the singing. In no place in Your HOME MERCHANT is a Convenience as well as a

the world have I heard singing of Necessity.

such a sweet harmony, perfect You can See and Inspect your Purchases from Him and rythmn, and natural soulful renReceive his GUARANTEE of SATISFACTION.

dition as we heard there. He Contributes Largely to the Support of Local Churches,

Unaffected, natural music beSchools, Colleges, Charitable and Public Institutions.

cause it was in the soul and came out spontaneously. The kind of MONEY—

music that brings the tears and lifts Which you send to Distant Points for Supplies NEVER the heart in praise to a kind HeavRETURNS to BENEFIT YOU or YOUR HOME TOWN.

enly Father. I cannot describe the

pathos, the sadness, and yet the joy of it. All afflicted, some blind, The$afflvafcothers lame and halt, but all suf- A-ciiafdwafcCo.fering, yet all joining in sweet,

Pocatello, Idaho of praiseharmonious songs and SaltGrandLakeJunction,City, UtahColorado Wholesale Exclusively Boise, Idaho thanksgiving.

716 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

Nellie Sue Comes to Her Senses Is Your Manure Pile i (Continued from page 683) Leaking Dollars?

mean Mrs. Prichard and Mrs. EaManure stored in an open barn yard TiHEY moved her, ton?"he asked.

loses more than half its fertilizing presently, in to a private ward. Nellie Sue stared. "Why yes.

value seepage, according by to tests Each the day the doctor and them?'you know inDo made Jersey Agriculby the New in to dressed see her terne came and patients, and per- "They are my Station. tural Experiment

the cut the her head, sprained on indirectly to all, / after haps, am present prices crops, of "At manure It ankle the fractured arm. and here. being It was for your blame has increases produced crop equal to until the third that wasn't day diets."their prescribed about I who ton per $4.00 of manure

applied,"reports the Purdue UniNellie Sue was allowed to talk. "Oh!"Nellie Sue said flatly.

versity the doctor banwas while Agricultural Experiment It was "But why? What are the diets

Station. aid her head, daging with the of for?"

Use—Buildall of Youra ConcreteManure heldtheaskedinterne,thehowdressingshewhilehappenedtray,the thatlittletoshebenursewasrun 1 HE doctor put an exManure Pit over. pert finger on the broken bone and

A concrete manure pit saves enough "It was because I went to the left it for the interne to bandage, fertilizer in one year to pay for theatre on Sunday,"she declared. then he regarded the girl thoughtitself. The doctor and the interne exfully.

Plans and complete information glances. changed Cousin "Unfortunately, your

on is how the do work given rather has alarming sympin had that to do with it?"Floy onr "What pit booklet. manureto Write

, today for free your copy. he smiled. diabetes Cousin of your toms and "Everything. You see—"and Belle an equally alarming high

PORTLAND CEMENT she found herself telling them all blood pressure, and strict diet is

ASSOCIATION about it. About the "summer the most dependable treatment for

organization to A national improve and boarders"and the endless work, both. In fact, disregard of diet extend the uses of concrete

McCORNTCK BUILDING about her rebellion and the letter might mean death for your cousSALT LAKE CITY to the cousins; about the plans for ins.

first vacation Nellie the Sue's voice and hems she was "Oh!"Concrete for Permanence her

lamplight; turned had up hushed I thought with by awe. "And

about the smart readymade dress it just a whim! I'm thoroughly

and the highheeled pumps; about ashamed of myself. But how could

her longing for something more one know? They look so well."

spicy than Sunday School picnics "It is usually the stout, healthyand Sunday School; about the darlooking person who falls victim to

ing show and her embarrassment. these two particular troubles."

"A rotten shame, I call it,"the "I wish they had told me. I

interne said vigorously, settling the wonder why they didn't?"

bandages among the shining curls "Probably they are a little senwith unwonted tenderness,"to, sitive about their ills, or more likehave one's first vacation broken up ly, they didn't want to distress like that and have to lie in a hosyou."

pital instead. Something ought to The interne lingered a moment

be done about it."after Dr. Sperry and the nurse had

"But it's my own fault,"Nellie gone. The girl's wretched counSue declared. tenance disturbed him.

"It seems to me it's the fault of "You're not to worry about the summer boarders,"the interne those cousins. You've done so

insisted. much for them in the past that

this once won't and matter—

they'll "We—11,"Nellie Sue said slowbe here time yet, the a long

ly, their "I guess exactly it wasn't chances will are, so have ample you fault, but, oh, of so tired I was serve at to opportunity other them cooking for company, and the ones times. Dr. Sperry shouldn't have

who were coming were the most told you,"tedious of all. They have gotten

did! "I'm so glad he I might OIL STANDARD fad. the were Both women a - <rpraducts- v have if he blundered even more diet. different a Cousin on dietdiet-—a hadn't."required thing one Floy and Cousin Belle another, and the girls The interne laid his hand on her

pringtime likedI don'tregularsee howfoodpeopleand lotsacquireof itso arm."But promise you won't wor-s many notions about their food."ry.

freshness But the doctor was looking at Nellie Sue flushed at the earnest interest. "Floy? solicitation in his voice, and promised. you AIX THE YEARf herBelle?"withhe newrepeated. "Can

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 717

'/That's fine!"Dr. Martin

smiled his satisfaction and followed Dr. Sperry down the corSaveridor.

Your Nellie sue wasvery thoughtful the remainder of Money the day. Also very contrite. She

could not forget that she had deCertificateWhy wastewhen$60.00Josephon

prived the two sick women of a Wm. Taylor can furfor a than little morequiettry—forand theyrestfulwouldweek notin thethinkcounof nish a complete funeral Certificate a costs.

going after getting her letter, that Services, Quality and she well knew. And grandma prices not equaled by

be disappointed and hurt.would JOSEPH WM. TAYLOR Embalrner] dJf forgot her promise notShe quite Street 125 North Main S PhoneLZ both office and residence Was. 7600

to worry and twisted and turned restlessly in her white bed.

It was remarkable how many visits the interne found necessary in Nellie Sue's case, and how prone he was to linger. He lingered now,

he knew, unpardonably.

"I have been worrying,"NellieSue faltered. Summer Days Are

"I thought you promised me you wouldn't do that."Ideal Painting "I didn't mean to, but when

I'd think about them, sick like that, and not making any complaint and being so brave, I felt Days like an ingrate and a shirker to Clear warm weather * * surfaces completely dried * * pleasant working have failed them; I who never conditions, make summertime the ideal season for protecting and beautifying

knew an ill moment in my life. your home

And then, being here in the hospital has been such a revelation to me. You doctors and nurses are

so selfsacrificing and, too, for those who are nothing to you.Yet you are cheerful and smiling Bennett's

no matter how tired or worried you may be. It makes me feel all

the more keenly how I have failed mv own flesh and blood."

"Nonsense! You are making a

ofmountain hill. Besides, a mole Insurance/ folkwe hospital run away for our

vacations no matter how many sick there are. We need it; every one

does, and so do you."

"I believe I did,"she acknowledged, "but I need not have beenso snippy about it."PURE PAINTS

is apt "Anyone to be snippy Enamels and Varnishes the nerves arewhen to ready snap."

"I wonder when I'll be allowed Offer a practically unlimited choice of colors and materials for all decorative purposes.

to go home?"

"Not for a week or more, I feel The longer you defer the painting of a surface that needs sure, so make up your mind to acpainting, the costlier it is for both materials and labor.

cept it cheerfully. You don't mind It is false economy to avoid using Bennett's

us so"I—Iterribly,don'tdomindyou?"at all. I Paint Products when they're needed.

love it here."

Nellie Bennett Glass & Paint Company Sue awoke from her nap one afternoon to find the little 6165 West First South, Salt Lake City nurse gazing dejectedly from the Dealers throughout Utah, Southern Idaho and in Neighboring States window. She watched her for some

minutes before she moved or spoke.

718 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

"Miss Porter, come, tell me what it was accepted. Her heart warmed

you are thinking about."at the brightened countenance of

The nurse turned, forcing a the little nurse as she thanked her smile. profusely.

"I was just thinking of my va- "It's such a shame, though, for cation."you to have to go right back to

"Mercy! Does thought of a cooking for summer boarders who

diets."on vacation make you look like that?"are

Every article which leaves think it's half as bad don't "I cleaned is not only our shop is the naalso refreshed but and guar- M:.ISS PORTER astureto ofbe yours?"on a diet. What

in a break there was but laughed, for poor digestion been has "My objectionanteed free from lither hard patted Nellie Sue white avoid so weeks, I must some cleaning able odor of all the bed. matleit. as it lay on hand rich all fried and things bread,

terials. "Where will you spend your vafoods."

cation? With home folks?""I'll work out some menus for

"I have no home folks."you while I lie here in bed. It

Nellie Sue started. will be fun to plan them.'"

"You see, I'm an orphan."The day for their leavetaking

"Oh, so am I."came on wings. All morning Dr.

"I know. Oh, my dear, forMartin had hovered about section

give me, but when I heard you 2B, and the hour of departure telling about your big family of found him tendering assistance to uncles, you and cousins and aunts left ankle in 215. patient the The

It you! envied how I don't know in the arm and still weak was

is a vacation to you to get away splints; reason enough why an infrom them, but I, who haven't terne should find it his duty to see

one living relative in the world", to the patient's welfare at the last vaglorious more of think can no moment. of a kinsman to cation than feel strong enough?""Sure you one be sort to some havenear—some again, Nellie as Sue sat, asked I he

could call my own, even remotedressed for the street, awaiting Miss

The two girls held hands in unPorter's"Quite,arrival.thank you. You have

derstanding fellowship. There was all been so kind and patient and

silence for a space. thoughtful. I'm glad to have been

"But you must go somewhere. here. I've learned so much. Perare going?"you Where providential. the accident was her head. '1 haps nurse shook The rate, I've come to my At any

don't know."senses."

"When does your vacation be- "About what, may I ask?"

gin? "About service for others."

think "I smiled. doctor The

bethat "Monday.""Why—that's when I'm about enough knew leavyou

ing!"Then, "You're going home fore you came here."

with me!"'

"But, my dear as shining eyes Sue's were Nellie girl shook her 1 HE "But head. curly her she shook It is different. this head. "No,

are!"for buts, you madam, no me is humanity. conscious service—for a diet!"Neal, I'm on Miss "But, to If of been I have any

she that sure Sue Nellie made perit incidental was anybody service—of them earnest, then both in was not certainly haps accidental—but their at a laugh own burst into servintended conscious, studied,

Such Delicious expense."Fate has a hand in this,"Nelice. Don't you see the difference?"smilhis head, shook Dr. Martin litlie declared merrily. Sue "A

difference, a see can't "I such a ing. as I qualify tle can and moreSANDWICHES! greatflatter us sure you I'm and I land dietitian. knows, may Who with services."Long make They're for get our ly. paid We yet."downstairs in the kitchen that keeps bread Royal bread—theeasy to to just don't me want "You PorMiss do,"wouldn't "That flavor delicious its freshness and

down to the last morsel! Get it ter said in mock solemnity, "every praise you,"the girl insisted.

sliced or umliced—at your grocer's. time we needed an interne we'd "No, I'm sure that isn't it. In

have to send to the kitchen for fact, I'd been rather hoping thatis, him."well—what I'm trying to say

that I feel you are showing great LONG Haven't Porter. partiality to Miss blushed sue Nellie

as she?"as faithfully I served you invitation renewed her rosily, then ROYAL course you have! You have better bread—better baked so persistently and sincerely that "Of

The Improvement Era for August, 1930 719

been wonderful.

finished saying so?"Haven't I just A. tip for domestic

"But Miss Porter gets an invitascience teachers tion to your home and I don't.And my vacation begins the last which may interest

in September."week

you have no family to go western mothers, too "And to either?"Do you teach this shortcut in making chocoDr. Martin hesitated, grinning. late cake? Use ground chocolate and put it

"Plenty of family, but they into the sifter with the other dry ingredients.

don't live on a farm."If you use Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate, the

for every square, or ounce, of oldfashion cakerily—and"Oh!"NellieMiss PorterSue laughedpaused merout- West's favorite,use onefourth cup Ghirardelli's

side the door. She wouldn't inchocolate your recipe may call for.

trude at such a moment.

Many people also prefer to reduce the sugar slightly—about one table-

"More summer boarders, is that spoonful less of sugar for every quartercup of Ghirardelli's you use.

it? Well, Dr. Martin, I shall be

at home the last week in September and shall be happy to see you then. Ah—are you by any chance GHIRARD EL LI'SFREE....Write for

Sixteen"a "Sweet a saucy diet?"She turnedon

Recipe Packet No. 2, CHOCOLATE doctor.face to the blonde D.GhirardelliCo., young

St., Point North

Francisco. Calif.Dr. Martin covered the space beCy<OZtfttS Say "Gearar-delly"914San

tween them at a stride. The girl JSioH

rose to her feet.

"Diet?'I could live on cheese

and CONSOLIDATED WAGON 8 "Cottage cheese?"Nellie Sueinterrupted, looking up at him MACHINE COMPANY

through curling black lashes. UTAH AND IDAHO

And Dr. Martin, who detested Leading Implement and Hardware Dealers

cottage cheese, said ardently, "40 Branch Houses and 35 Agencies located to best serve the trade "Cottage cheese and WE STOCK NONE BUT THE HIGHEST GRADE

It evident was he was ready to MERCHANDISE start behis diet immediately, on ginning with dessert. Guarantee the best of service at prices as low as quality of

Miss Porter retreated to a bench merchandise and service will permit further down the corridor and sank down upon it with a patient sigh.

Just "RUN DOWN""Sleep"

light blessings on may"VTOW that's all first invented him who sleep! It covers a man all over

thoughts and all, like a cloak; it is Many people are irritable and depressed. Medical

meat for the hungry, drink for the examination often reveals a physical and mental condition thirsty, heat for the cold and cold resulting from constipation and digestive disturbances.

for the hot. It is the current coin

that purchases all the pleasures of Three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast daily, by relieving the world cheap; and the balance constipation, quickly remedy this condition and give new

that sets the king and the shepherd, vigor and energy.

the fool and the wise man even.

There is only one thing, which somebody once put into my head, is that it that I dislike in sleep—it

resembles death. There is very little difference between a man in his FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST

firstsleep."—Cervantes.sleep and a man in his last At most grocers, soda fountains and restaurants.

720 The Improvement Era for August, 1930

G/4 Dangerous Doo:r

A WorldFamed r\ NE day a man was seen apHave I been just in poisoning my Resort proaching the door of a roadlife? Have I been just in giving

house or cabaret. He held a meter to others a bad example? No, cercome often! stick in his hand and commenced tainly not. I have not hearkened

to measure the door of the cabaret. unto the voice of conscience. My Saltair invites you to enjoy "Eightyfive centimeters wide,"happiness has gone through that

its endless round of beach said he "and two meters high."door. I have felt the cabaret singrecreation. very ing, I was bottom but at the in an audible speaking Then for health swim Dance—fora mjoyu s this time I have Well, unhappy. to the himself addressed voice, he

yourself in the Fun House inquisitive people assembled by his had enough of it. Goodby. I will

ride the Giant Racer. strange manner of acting. 'This not visit this place again. I reTrains: 7:15 & 9:15 a. m., door is just two meters by eightynounce drink forever and I will

to say good, knowing hold how very much. five centimeters. Not 12 noon, 2 p. m. and all invitato 'no'energetically It has a house. Nevertheless, I had every half hour. gone through there. I had land, it tions."

has all gone through there. I had This said, the man quietly left.

some beautiful furniture. It has The others cried after him. "He

all gone through there without deis right. He told the truth."But

stroying it. I had some savings. too ignorant, too feeble, or too

It is through that door that it has afraid that the like would be said all gone. But if it were only that? of them, they entered one after

I enjoyed robust health and the another into the bootleg quarter doctor told me the other day, by that same door.

'Your health has gone through the J drink door.'

I was a young "When man I SUPERINTENDENTS Kewanee Everybody reputation. a good had

in me. Today had confidence Kewanee Steel Firebox I WE HAVE THE RIGHT anyone. of the confidence haven't

Boilers Everybody says of me 'He is a TEACHERS FOR YOUR has gone honor drunkard.'My VACANCIES are Universally Adopted for I Formerly door. through that

L. D. S. Chapels and all Other had a good heart. I could not sufchildren and wife fer to see my Representative Buildings yet, me. of because cry And I have TEACHERS

often made them cry, since I go DO YOU WANT A BETTER through that door.

TEACHING POSITION? Kewanee. 5?h.er Corporation "I have a mind. I know how

to reflect. I have reasoning power

you. You need us. We need more it. But of I - and am proud HAWLEYRICHARDSON Let's get together. the from gone I have once than

WILLIAMS CO. place unable to think and more

reason a beast. than stupid My District Representatives a NORTHWESTERN T. A. there. I have through has gone

204 Dooly Bldg. conscience. I feel that there are 309 Templeton Building

many things that are just and Salt Lake City, Utah

Salt Lake City many unjust things. Have I been

just in squandering my money?

INDEX TO ADVERTISERS

Company Page Company Page Company Page 720 Beach Saltair Company 706 College Business Henager's 708 Becker's Products 715 Hardware Salt Company Lake 710 Co. Mfg. Iron Fireman Beneficial Insurance Life Co 658 Brick Pressed Co Salt Lake 711 6J Perschon Ketterer Back Cover

. 714 Products Milk Sego 720 Corporation Boiler Kewanee Company 717 Paint Glass Bennett's $ 716 California of Oil Standard 707 Fuel Company Knight Institute 704 Blackstone 717 Joseph Taylor, Wm. Co.-712 Equipment Tractor & Landes 713 University Brigham Young

of University Utah 715 Scraper Works Miskin 712 Oil Continental Company Inside Cover Back 720 Teachers Agency Northwestern Machine Consolidated & Wagon Culof Beauty School High Utah 716 Association Cement Portland 7 1 Company ture 708 Culture Beauty of—710 School Quish 709 Press Deseret News 714 Teachers Agency Yergenson's 709 Appliance Company Radium 711 Cleaner Eureka Co Vacuum &> Trust Company Savings Zion's 718 Dyeing Cleaning Regal & 719 Yeast Fleischmann Company Inside Cover Front 718 Baking Company Royal 715 J. Grant Company Heber &

Ghirardelli 719 AL lilL dh jiii iAi iAi -flh *** "1 i*i iii <rf>*> flAfi **"rn rf-i *** **-

Quality Education For Utah Students

of the State of Utah are appreciative of the high CITIZENS standards of scholarship maintained by the state's highest institution of learning. This fact is attested by the constantly

increasing enrollment, so that there are now more students at The

University of Utah than in all other institutions of higher learning in the state. Quality work has brought quantity students.

High Scholastic Standards are rigidly enforced, so that University of Utah credits, are fully accepted everywhere in the educational world. All fully qualified

students will be welcomed and will receive the best the state has to offer in educational work. A broad curriculum presented by a faculty

of excellent training, amid truly educational surroundings is the offering to those students who are interested in obtaining a University education of high quality.

Registration Dates

Freshmen students must send in an application blank, and have their credits sent in as soon as possible. Freshmen will register September

25, and attend special instructional classes September 26 and 27.

Former students and transfer students from other universities must register September 29. Regular class work starts September 30.

Make Your Plans Now to Attend Utah's Highest Institution of Learning

School of Arts and Sciences School of Education School of Mines and Engineering

School of Medicine School of Law School of Business Extension Division

For Catalog or Other Information, Address The President

University of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah

'i v m i'>m * f f 'f *f"p—*—

u

Don 91 Make This Same Mistake—

Another case where a loving and devoted Husband and Father took the chance of being without Life Insurance

Now his loved ones must pay dearly for his big mistake. Not only do they face Struggle for

their livelihood, but in addition will suffer a great handicap in the children's education and future. Beneficial Life Insurance eliminates any such

catastrophe BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE 0.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr.

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY.. / \