LOT S HESS

I 33 2 S W ST

UMPROVEMra:

Em.

LO;

OCTOBER, 1924

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD

QUORUMS,THEYOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF vv LATTERDAY SAINTS wwwv PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD YM.MJA

SALT LAKE CITY UTAH EVERY MILE WORTH WHILE Southern Pacific Lines American Canyon Route THREE TRAINS DAILY Crossing Great Salt Lake Cut Off in Day Time

Shortest and Most Scenic Route to

SAN FRANCISCO And Central California Points Through Sleeping Cars Between Salt Lake City and San Francisco Call, Write or Phone us for Pullman Reservations 41 South Main Street Phone Wasatch 3008

P. BANCROFT, General Agent

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of the United States if paid in advance, 20c. extra on each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here in our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

prices on market. Mail your order to us now and say you saw it in the

"Improvement Era."If order is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light Summer weight bleached $1.49

11 Light weight cotton 1.50

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.75

00 Medium weight cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

00 Heavy weight cotton unhleached 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

50 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 3.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 3.00

10 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white silkalene 3.40

18 All Marino wool 5.50

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 52 to 04 lengths, as desired. Longer than 64

Inches or over 44 in. bust, each size 20c. extra. Garments with double

backs 25c. extra per suit. We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center! on top of

shoulder down to inside of aukle. Orders for less than two garments not

accepted.

If "Modified Style,"short sleeves, low neck, buttons etc. Is wanted, so state

and add 25c per suit to above prices, or regular Garment will be sent to you.

MODEL KNITTING FRANKLIN CHRISTIANSON, ManagerWORKS 657 Iverson St., Salt Lake City, Utah. Phone Hy. 516

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA j.i iiiiiiiiiic3iiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiiiiiiiiiiC3iiiiiiiiiiiicaiiiflitiiiiiii:3iiiiiiiiifiicaiiiiiiiiiiiic3iiiiiiiiiii 1

j The IMPROVEMENT ERA 1

1 924| New Volume begins November, in Advance 1| $2 Per Annum

for the IMPROVEMENT ERA Ii Subscribe NOW

=E Subscriptions Paid in Advance. By order of the General Superintendency

E and Board it has been decided that all subscriptions beginning from now E ="on and with the new volume shall be paid strictly in advance, $2 for each 5 = subscription. This action is taken to save expenses and losses incurred in

= keeping accounts and to avoid extra clerical work in the general office arising = from the credit system, not to say the errors and misunderstandings that = naturally come about where credit is extended. September and October are

opportune months to subscribe, as generally more openings for obtaining = money present themselves than at any other time of the year.

f We believe that our subscribers will unitedly recognize the value of this = =j change and will be prompt in their renewals.

Contents of the Improvement EraH |

E Every officer and member of the Church, of the Priesthood quorums, of the E jZj Y. M. M. I. A., and the Church school teachers and ward choir leaders,

"i will find helpful suggestions and religious inspiration in the pages of the aids in their work. EE Improvement Era—valuable

all faiths will find in the Era dependable in-2 The general reader of formation, current events, gospel dostrine, history, narratives, biographies.

E wholesome stories, poetry, and general literature of interest to all, in its E

E 1200 or more pages. =j

E Subscribe Now, $2 in Advance Per Year... c1= The Improvement Era is published on time. It gives courteous treatment

and prompt attention to the just requirements of its subscribers and readers,

E both in the business and editorial departments. Send check or money orders,

$2 the year, in advance. Write your name and address in full on the blank

H in this folder.

2 K%"Every former subscriber will receive a personal renewal request.

'Jll!!!U!ll!!l!lilllllllinilil[!IIM!!C3lllllll!llilC3lllllll!llllCSIH!!!MIIIIC2llll!IIIIIHE]!lllllltll!l[]lllll!l!IMI[]l!IIIIIIII!|-?

2jiiiiiiiimc]iiiiiiimii[]iinmiiiiic3i iiiiiic]tiiiiiiiiiiic]iiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiic]iiiiiiiiiiiic3iiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiumi

j j PROSPECTUS 281 for VOLUME j

| SPECIAL FEATURES | E President Heber J. Grant, the Editorin-Chief, will give pertinent messages

E and suggestions from time to time. =

E Sermons and doctrines from leading. Church authorities. E

Descriptive, historical, scientific, biographical and general articles and sketches

E by the best local writers. E

= Poetry. The Era presents a splendid collection of poems. More than =

125 poems were printed in the volume for 1924, many written by favorite

E authors. =

S-—whole-E Stories. Two or three short stories appear in each number—clean,

some, with contents worthy of serious thought, yet holding attention and E

Fs "interest. =

1-1 REGULAR DEPARTMENTS 1u Priesthood Information. The activities and studies for Priesthood quorums

E receive attention, and officers and members will find instruction from the

C authorities of the Church, not only pertaining to their work, but to their

E daily lives and religion. E

Mutual Work. The activities and instructions of the General Board, its

E committees and officers, including class, special program, scout and recreation E work, will regularly appear. The Advanced Senior Class lessons are printed E

EJ monthly in the magazine. 5

Church Schools and Education. Important articles and information are E

S! printed concerning Church schools and their progress. Essays, descriptive,

historical, scientific and literary appear from leading educators.

Mission Messages. Wherever our missionaries proclaim the gospel, com- E

munications come from faithful elders in all parts of the world. Many of E

these appear in the Improvement Era. Photographs of about 870 mission-

2 aries were printed in Volume 27. An effort will be made in this departfl!llllllllllE]|lilllllllll[3llllllllllll[]|||lill!llllC]llllllll!ll|[]|||l|||i:illUillllllllll!C]llllllll!IIIC]lllll!llll!IC3lilll!lllllil

|!!llllllllll[]|||||||||li!]llilllllill!nil!lii:]ll!IC2lliHllillilC3ililllllll!l[]lllllllllllinilllllllilllC3llllllllllllC3llllllllllll

C ment to present faithpromoting incidents, thoughts and ideas, new E

E methods, rare travel events, answers to prayer, spiritual direction, interesting E

E conversions, manifestations of the power and the goodness of God, and E 3 kindred subjects, briefly and pointedly stated. 5

E Church Music. The Era is the organ for the Church Music Committee. A E

E wonderful stride in the furtherance of choirs and sacred music throughout S

E the Church has been made since this committee undertook to suggest and instruct in ward choir singing. Leaders of music, choirs, singers and ward

music committees, should read the communications that will appear in

E Volume 28. E

Ej Illustrations. Each year there appears in the Era from two to three hun- C

E dred illustrations, including scenes in Utah, Idaho and other states and E activities, and beautiful sceneryH foreign lands, Church school and Boy Scout

S in the Rocky Mountains and their valleys. 5

1 THE CONTRIBUTORS 1 t-1—

E Leading authors of Church and State contribute to the Improvement =

E Era. Articles from 125 authors appeared in Volume 27, besides 110 who

S wrote short articles from the stakes and wards and mission fields. In the =

Era you get a wide scope of thought from a variety of sources. E

—ri | OBTAINING SUBSCRIPTIONS FOR THE ERA |

E This is the pleasant duty of the Y. M. M. I. A. stake and ward officers. E

E By properly organized effort the work is easy and should be done in September = = or October. The month of October has been set aside especially for E Pi circulating the Era by officers of the Y. M. M. I. A. This year cash must =

little == accompany the subscription lists when sent in, which will require a extra work; but we trust that the officers will consider the great value to E

the cause for which we are laboring, of having the magazine circulated and

E read among the people, and so make earnest efforts in the work. The blank

E in this folder may be used by subscribers sending in their own subscriptions. 5

EJ Where our workers find that the Era is not known, a short explanation of = its mission and worth as found in an editorial of the Era for September, E 1924, will be helpful. Blanks and lists of subscribers will be furnished

H by the Stake Superintendent or by the General Secretary on application. jj;

= Our canvassers should not hesitate to offer the Era to people who are not =

E Church members. Many nonmembers are subscribers, and find much E

3 literature in it to greatly interest them. 2

ilillll!IIIIC3llllllllllll[3lllllllllllinilllllllllllE3lllllllllll!Ca lll!illC3lllllllll!IIL3llllllllllll[3IIIIIIIIHllC3lllllllllll(7

Pin a $2 check or P. O. money order to this blank. Write your name and address in

in full and forward to the General Office. If currency is sent, register the letter.

ttxxttxt

Improvement Era

47 East South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

enter Dear Brethren: Enclosed find $2 for which please my subscription to Volume

renew XXVIII Improvement Era, beginning with the issue of November, 1924.

Name..——

(Write first name in full)

Ward

Street and Number

R. F. D P. O..

Date, 1924. State. - Notice: Subscriptions may begin any time, but most readers prefer the complete volume.

Why not send the Era to a friend as a Christmas present?

MANUALS FOR CLASS STUDY AND GENERAL READING, 192425

ADVANCED SENIOR CLASS, Prophecy and History, twelve lessons on the Founding of Utah.

valuableby Levi Edgar Young; and twelve lessons on prophecies in the Book of Mormon—a

study in phophecy and history. Texts printed monthly in the Improvement Era, the first

three lessons in the September number. Subscribe now, $2 in advance for the year, including

over 1200 pages of reading matter, besides the lessons.

SENIOR CLASS, The Young Man and the Economic World. The place of economics

in the field of human achievement and the justification of its study by the young men. Dealing

primarily with man and his efforts to secure a living. How he gets and spends his income.

1 he choice of work. The need and importance of making a good living, coupled with building

a highest obligation of man. Price 25c per copy. life—the

JUNIOR DEPARTMENT. The Junior Department this year has two manuals:

I. THE JUNIOR CLASS, Stories of the Plains, containing faithpromoting accounts and

incidents in the lives of the early scouts of the plains, and the Pioneers and their struggles in founding the West. Price 25c per copy.

II. THE ADVANCED JUNIOR CLASS, Some Essentials of Character, eighteen lessons, in

stories bearing on the lives of young men from 15 to 18 years of age, showing their heritage, pointing out what they are going to do and be, what principles shall be their guide in life;

the dangers of wrong and the rewards of right living; all told in many interesting stories with

a wealth of suggestion and instruction, designed to inspire in the hearts of the boys an ambition to build noble lives. Prfce 25c per copy.

The Optimist and Pessimist An optimist, with smiling face,

A pessimist, with wrinkled frowns,

Once, starting out to take a walk,

Went on the road between the towns;

And, as they lingered by the way,

Observed the farmers making hay;

And the optimist kept on smiling.

"Now, if I had that job to do,"

The pessimist at once complained, "I'd do a little at a time And haul it in before it rained;

For though the sky is clear, I'll say,

The rain sure'l come an'spile th'hay!"

And the optimist kept on smiling.

They passed a field of sugar beets,

And paused to see the thrifty rows

In long green lines across the field

Through which the irrigation flows.

The pessimist again complains, "What need of this? It often rains!"

And the optimist kept on smiling.

Then an alfalfa field they saw,

All growing purpleflowered and fine,

And in it fed a hundred head Of thriftygrowing Berkshire swine,

The pessimist exclaimed, "O dear,

What durned poor farmin'have we here!"

And the optimist kept on smiling.

Near by some poultrykeeper's homes

A thousand fowls were in the fields.

"Look there;"the pessimist remarks,

"A place like this no profit yields:

In poultry raisin'I've a mind

That payin'fowls must be confined!"

And the optimist kept on smiling.

Just in the outskirts of the town

A dozen goats fed by the way;

was a pessimist And one—he

With twisted horns and whiskers gray

And his one joy had ever been Expressed by always butting in.

And here two pessimists got mixed

Because they had opinions fixed

And the optimist kept on smiling.

JOSEPH LONGKING TOWNSEND.

:'v '

o w

2 c Improvement Era

Vol. XXVII OCTOBER, 1924 No. 12

A HYMN WITH A HISTORY

By Orson F. Whitney, of the Council of the Twelve

President Charles W. Penrose, speaking in the Eighteenth ward

chapel on a Sunday afternoon not long since, gave the history of some of the hymns composed by him and frequently sung in the meetings of the Latterday Saints. One of these hymns had been rendered by

the choir and congregation just before President Penrose began to speak. He said in relation to this sacred song:

"'School Thy Feelings,'which we have just sung, was written under peculiar circumstances, just before I left England, after having traveled over ten years in the ministry. A sort of quiet slander had

been circulated concerning me in Birmingham, by an Elder from

Zion, and it cut me to the quick. There was not a word of truth

in the story. An accusation was made, but there was no bottom

to it, and it ruffled me. I did not care how much I might be

scandalized by enemies of the Church; I had become accustomed to

that. I used to say that my hide had got as tough as a hippopotamus;

I did not care what an enemy said about me. But when an Elder

in the Church did that, it cut me to the heart, and I felt like retaliating. But I sat down and wrote that little poem, 'School thy

feelings, O my brother, Train thy warm, impulsive soul,'and so on. And that was for me. I did not intend it for anybody else,

but it was giving a little counsel to myself."

The poem referred to is one that we all admire. I am particularly fond of the following stanzas:

School thy feelings, there is power

In the cool, collected mind;

Passion shatters reason's tower,

Makes the clearest vision blind.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized on July Z, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

1110 IMPROVEMENT ERA

School thy feelings; condemnation

Never pass on friend or foe, Though the tide of accusation Like a flood of truth may flow.

Hear defense before deciding, And a ray of light may gleam, Showing thee what filth is hiding

Underneath the shallow stream.

Should affliction's acrid vial

Burst o'er thy unsheltered head,

School thy feelings to the trial,

Half its bitterness hath fled.

Art thou falsely, basely slandered?

Does the world begin to frown?

Gauge thy wrath by wisdom's standard,

Keep thy rising anger down.

Rest thyself on this assurance:

Time's a friend to innocence, And that patient, calm endurance

Wins respect and aids defense.

Here was one who knew himself to be "falsely, basely slandered,"pleading, not with his accuser, but with himself, against the passing of condemnation "on friend or foe."Rather an unusual circumstance was it not? And yet, quite in keeping with the divine

admonitions: "Judge not, that ye be not judged,""Vengeance is

will repay."Mine—I

Except for the infamy of his act, I could almost thank "the accuser of the brethren"for that "quiet slander,"which wounded the poet's sensitive soul and gave us as the indirect and unintended result this beautiful hymn, which has cheered and comforted for over sixty years the hearts of tens of thousands. Moreover, I will venture to

assert that the wouldbe destroyer of his brother's fair fame did not profit by what he had done, while the one whom he wronged was benefited by the painful experience. Thenceforth he could sympathize, as never before, with those similarly placed.

What said the Lord to the Prophet Joseph upon this point?

"If thou art called to pass through tribulation; if thou art in perils

among false brethren; * * * if thou art accused with all manner of false accusations; if thine enemies fall upon thee; * * *

if the heavens gather blackness, and all the elements combine to hedge up the way; and above all, if the very jaws of hell shall gape

open the mouth wide after thee, know thou, my son, that all these things shall give thee experience, and shall be for thy good."

"Hear defense before deciding."A simple and a just requiresimple that one is almost tempted to regard it as superment—so

fluous, the opposite course being so manifestly unjust, so absolutely

A HYMN WITH A HISTORY 1111

unfair. And yet it is the course that most people are prone to pursue.

Rumor or a onesided statement is quite sufficient for them. They

hear a scandalous story, accept it as true, and forthwith spread it broadcast, without making the least effort to ascertain whether it is built on fact or fiction. And this they do, not so much from

malice, perhaps, as from an overweening desire to impart information gossip's ruling passion. In their eagerness to proclaim the—the

"glad tidings,"they forget, what the fairminded always remember, that there are two sides to every question, and that there could be no such thing as impartial justice if but one side of a case had "its day in court."It is related of an Irish magistrate (I don't know

why they always put such things on the Irish) that, having listened to the plea of the prosecution, he was about to pronounce judgment, when the attorney for the defense asked to be heard. "No,"said

his Honor, "me moind is clear now; if you shpake I'll be confused."

A pity to confuse such a mind!

Perhaps Brother Penrose was given a chance to state his case before the "quiet slander was circulated."But I very much doubt

it. He should have been the first to hear what was said against him,

but in all probability he was the last. Men and women are often

accused, condemned and slander is punished—for punishment—without even knowing what they are charged with. That is the way with

those who speed "the shaft that flies in darkness."

How different from the Lord's way, and how grossly violative of his precepts and the regulations of his Church. The law of the Lord

requires that if a brother or sister offend, the one offended shall go to the offender alone, before confiding in others (Doc. and Cov. 42:88);

the purpose being to induce confession, if there be anything to confess;

bring about reconciliation, if possible, and prevent the spread of scandal, so often baseless, always exaggerated, and generally reactive against the church or community of which the accused is a member.

But that is too tame a process for the purveyor of this sort of "information."He or she takes the public into confidence first, gets

what gratification or glory can be had out of the situation, and theaccused may have what's left—"a lemon"that has been well squeezed.

Not without good reason was it made the duty of the Teacher to "watch over the church always,"and "see that there is neither lying nor backbiting nor evil speaking"among its members, (Doc.

and Cov. 20:54). "These six things doth the Lord hate: Yea,

seven are an abomination unto him: A proud look, a lying tongue,

and hands that shed innocent blood, an heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running to mischief, a false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren."

(Prov. 6:1619). If the thoughtless trifler with a brother's or a

sister's reputation, or even the outand-out intentional defamer, could but realize that the assassin of character is little better in the eyes of God 1112 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and good men, than the one who unlawfully takes human life, something that he cannot restore, it might induce him to prudently pause before making himself one of the "things"which "the Lord doth hate."But no lie can live forever. "Time is a friend to innocence."

Falsehood may travel many leagues while Truth is "getting its boots on;"but sooner or later it will be overtaken and pilloried as it

deserves. Eternal justice will attend to that. It balances all accounts,

and no man or woman need become the avenger of his or her own private wrong.

"All things work together for good to them that love God."

This saying of an ancient apostle has proved wonderfully true in the case of a modern dear Brother Penrose. Shot at from apostle—ourthe rear while facing the foe and fighting the good fight—"cut to the

quick,"but not really injured, he could afford to be patient and calmly endure, for he was innocent, and time was his friend, as the sequel showed. Slander might wound him, might "ruffle''his

feelings, but it could not stop his growth nor stay his progress. He

went on loving and serving God, and rose step by step to positions of honor and influence, until, in the evening of a long and useful life, we find him standing on the very summit of success, one of the

First Presidency of the Church.

And where are they who tried to pull him down? We don't even

know their names.

Compensation

At evening when I hear a lark's faint, fluted note

A tender calling from a migrant throat;

There falls a love song, sadly, wistfully,

The sum of partings in epitome.

And when I scent the drooping petals of a rose.

Out of the vanished years there poignant glows

The lingering sweetness of a world abloom,

And lovers dreaming in the twilight gloom.

And always, in December's measured chant of pain,

The rustle of the corn I hear again;

Still in the Storm King's mocking battle tune

There echoes clear the lyric voice of June.

And ever to the scars of Time there somewhere clings

A subtle balm that heals the bitterest stings; Still on the call sheet of the angel—Death!

There stands the promise of returning breath.

Lethbcidge, Canada. FRANK C. STEELE.

RELIGIOUS EDUCATION The Need of the World Today

By John J. Tigert, U. S. Commissioner of Education

[The following address was delivered before the Religious Education

Association, Chicago, March 29, 1922. In view of the deep interest that the

Latterday Saints have in the imperative need of religious education for the proper development of mankind, we present the lecture in full. It is in

line with the endeavors of our Church, and the best thoughts of the day.

Religion Class work under the name of Weekday Schools of Religion is being organized everywhere. At Cary, Indiana, churchowned houses surrounding the public school houses are used by the various denominations

for religious educational purposes; at Cleveland, Ohio, and in many other

cities, a regular period once a week or oftener is allowed the children for instruction in religious education under the leadership of the respective denominations. In one city a whole day each week is proposed for this type

of education. All our readers will be pleased that our U. S. Commissioner

of Education is convinced of the imperative need of religious education for the proper development of mankind. Some time ago he remarked, in discussing criticisms that have been directed against him because of his activity

in behalf of religious education, "Rather than to urge upon the people an education consisting only of the training of the body and the intellect,

I would resign my position."

Our seminary work in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is in line with these thoughts, and it is being duplicated in many places, and is rapidly growing, though our Church is far in advance in this regard, of the country generally. At the University of Michigan several fine student

houses maintained by various religious denominations surround the campus, and in these houses regular instruction in religion is given. It would be

well if the churches had such houses surrounding the University of Utah.

One great purpose of the Church School System is to use and to perfect the splendid educational structure which has been reared by the Church, so that the purposes of our system may be fully accomplished. Editors.]

Professor W. R. Webb, familiarly known as "Old Sawney,"

founder and principal of the famous Webb School of Bell Buckle,

Tenn., who has had for a half century an influence upon education

in the South unsurpassed by any of his contemporaries, used to say frequently, "A boy is a bundle of possibilities."This favorite phrase

of "Old Sawney's"might well serve as a fairly literal, though homely, translation of the etymology of the word "education,"being, as it is, andan abstract term derived from the Latin "duco—to "e—out"

lead."Education, in the proper sense of the term must include the

highest possible realization, the most complete harmonious, and symmetrical perfection of all the potential powers inherent and innate in man's nature. Education is the process of cultivating to the fullest

flower all the seeds that lie implanted in this wondrous composite of mind, soul and body.

1114 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The tendency has been strong among professional educators to emphasize the development of mental powers, as the proper function of the educative process, frequently to the exclusion of other capacities of the soul and body. It must be granted that the emancipation of

the mind should be the chief function of the institution of learning, that the growth of spiritual power should be the major concern of the church, but likewise it must be agreed that the making of strong bodies is at least a secondary function of the school in view of the oft quoted dictum of Juvenal, "Sana mens in cotpore sano."But while

the realization of mental possibilities is the prime objective of the school, it is unfortunate that certain prejudices have tended to exclude proper regard for the attention to the soul and body. Perhaps the neglect of the former has not been due so much to prejudice

as to a feeling that this is a function of the church, and the desire to render to God the things that are God's, retaining for Caesar only the things that are Caesar's.

This is certainly true, I think, in the case of the public schools and all those institutions supported by public taxation, because it is evidently the fear of many that the"effort to teach religion in publicly supported schools and colleges may lead to an indirect violation of the cherished American doctrine of religious liberty and separation of Church and State. Be that as it may, I think that

we can agree upon a distinction of function in the Church and State and admit the wisdom of the founders of the Republic in recognizing this distinction; in fact, this is one of the most salient contributions

that American statesmen have been able to make to political progress in the world. The late Bishop E. E. Hoss set out the difference in

the function of Church and State in these words:

"Secularity is the badge of the State. The sphere in which it moves

and acts is the sphere of visible and tangible things. It has no eye for the

eternal realities. Its symbol is the sword, for it may use force. The

Church, on the other hand, is the vehicle of religious truth. She has a

message to deliver that the State has no voice to convey. Her symbol is

the shepherd's crook, and she dares use no instrumentality except persuasion."

Though there may be some justification for the neglect of the so.l in public institutions of learning, yet no adequate excuse can be

assigned for a certain prejudice that has existed with reference to physical education. Fortunately, this prejudice seems to be disappearing. Much improvement has come in our schools in health and

physical education during the past few years due largely to the revelation that approximately onethird of American young men proved, under examination, to be physically unfit to bear arms in defense of their country. It is strange that we should have so long neglected the

proper concern for the care of the body upon which the welfare of the mind is organically conditioned and with which the culture

RELIGIOUS EDUCATION 1115

of the soul is intimately connected if we accept the oftquoted and much approved doctrine of John Wesley, "Cleanliness is next to

Godliness."

Aside from the question of the peculiar functions of the school, the Church, and the State, these organizations are all joint agencies in the promotion of the greatest possibilities in our youth for individual and social welfare. In its widest connotation, education is the result

of all the forces which affect the life of man. Taken in this sense,

religion is the most universal element in education as well as a very powerful stimulus to human action.

We hold, first, that the religious element is universal. By religion we mean the consciousness of some kind of communion between man and a supernatural Being, a Deity, or God. We have

; ng,had many arguments set up to establish the existence of such a B:

ontological arguments, anthropological arguments, arguments for a first cause, arguments from design and others. Whether any or

all of these arguments which have been advanced in proof of "he existence of a supernatural Being could convey to those altogether destitute of the idea of the Deity, first, the notion of God, as a person, selfexistent, eternal, immutable, of infinite power, wisdom, and goodness, the creator and upholder of all things, and, secondly satisfactory proofs of his existence, is a question which it is impossible to settle and which we would not find profitable to discuss here. We

shall not raise the question of the possibility of philosophical or logical demonstration of the existence of God. We shall assume for

our purposes, the famous dictum of Professor Calderwood, of Edinburgh, "The reality of the Divine existence is a truth so plain that it needs no proofs, as it is a truth so high that it admits of none."

It is worthy of note, however, and sufficient importance has never been attached to the fact that the conception of a supernatural Being has apparently always existed in the mind of man, wherever and whenever we have had knowledge of him. This is evidenced not only by

the ancient writings of the Jews but by the earliest historical rem 'ns and the extant beliefs and customs of all peoples, Asiatic, African,

American, European and Polynesian. We cannot show that the idea

of God has always existed in the mind of man from man's inception, but we can show that all men known to history have possessed the idea of God. Once projected within the sphere of human

knowledge, from whatever source, and in whatever mannr, this notion of God, however abused, has never been permitted to perish.

This does not, of course, necessarily mean God with all the personal attributes ascribed to him by Christians, but it does mean the belief in supernatural power of some kind, whether in the fetishism of the savages of all parts of the world which attributes extraordinary powers to sticks, stones, herbs, images, the sun, the moon, and other inanimate objects, or in the polytheism of the Greeks, Romans, and 1116 IMPROVEMENT ERA

others who personified and endowed with magic qualities the forces of nature, or in those like the Chinese, who have worshipped the spirits of departed ancestors.

It is not only true that the notion of God exists and has existed in all species of mankind known to us, but it is likewise true that the notion has everywhere been a powerful force if not actually the most powerful force operating in the lives of men. In every

form of communion with the supernatural, the notion of the Deity has been sufficiently powerful in its influence upon man to move him to make the supreme sacrifices of his own life or the lives of those dearest to him. We witness this in the most primitive form of religion,

in fetishism, where parents appeased the spirit of Moloch with the burning of their own offspring, or where the Indian mother adores the alligator by throwing her babe into the sacred waters of the Ganges.

We witness it in the'polytheism of the Hellenic peoples, as in the cult of Artemis, Iphigenia is sacrificed by her father Agamemnon to appease the goddess so his fleet may sail for Troy. We witness it in

monotheism in the blood of countless Christian martyrs and in the sacrificial death of Jesus Christ upon the cross for the conciliation of

God and the redemption of mankind. There certainly has been no

more impelling motive in the life of man than his belief in the

Deity.

Again, we think that sufficient significance has not been attached to the fact that among the great thinkers who have interpreted reality and who have explained the origin and the meaning of the cosmos, almost without exception these philosophers have required the notion of the Deity to make the universe possible, intelligible, or thinkable. Those few who have not required the Deity for an

explanation of the universe do not loom up among the great figures in the history of philosophy. We have atheists among the Greek

philosophers in Democritus and Leucippus, but they sink in insignificance as compared to such theists as Pythagoras, Socrates, Plato,

Aristotle and others. We do not recall an outstanding atheist to

match against the cloud of theologians and schoolmen of the middle ages. Among the moderns, Diderot and the socalled French encyclopedists, a few Germans, including Haeckel, a small number of

Englishmen and others who compose the atheistic schools of thought hardly are recognized within the pale of philosophy in a large sense.

As over against these stand Descartes, Leibnitz, Spinoza, Locke,

Berkeley, Kant, Fichte, Hegel, Lotze; in America, James, Bowen,

Ladd; and a whole host of others who include within their number

the great names of modern philosophy, who have grappled seriously with the explanation of this world and who have traveled many paths but have all reached the same destination—God.

If education consists in the evolution of the man's inherent capacities or untying "the bundle of possibilities,"to return to Mr.

RELIGIOUS EDUCATION. 11 17

Webb's figure; if religion be a universal phenomenon among men,

and if great thinkers find God indispensable to the explanation of reality, then education which lacks the religious element is certainly seriously defective.

The great world catastrophe through which we have passed has started many anxious inquiries and has awakened deep misgivings on the part of some. Speculation is openly engaged in as to whether

civilization can be salvaged, whether war will destroy civilization or civilization will destroy war. There is much pessimism abroad in

the world and we are passing through critical times.

Crimes of all kinds, divorce, and immorality have greatly increased among us. There has been a disregard of the rights of others,

a social discontent an industrial unrest, a menace of radicalism, an unbridling of vice, and a growing disrespect for the law that have never before characterized our country to the present degree and which arouses the concern of every true American.

If these observations be correct, and I think that few will demur, which way shall we move to correction? Where shall we find the

remedy for these conditions and how shall we proceed to apply it?

Enlightenment and better understanding will undoubtely help the situation but these cannot save us. If the war teaches us any

one lesson more clearly than another it is the insufficiency of culture, knowledge and science per ipsos to promote the welfare of mankind.

Germany claimed a "Kultur"superior to any that the world had known at the outbreak of the war. She was not excelled by any

other people in the great fields of science, of philosophy, of music and of commerce. A degree from a German university was highly

coveted above a degree from one of our own institutions. Illiteracy

was at an irreducible minimum among the German people. They

enjoyed a high degree of general enlightenment and a fairly homogeneous population.

And what was the result of it all?

Germany's strength in philosophy, in science, in industry and in other respects contributed to the ruin of a great people and involved the world in the most titanic tragedy of the ages. A weaker nation

would hardly have risked the wrath of the world even though it had been moved to fly at its throat. But Germany's consciousness

in her power gave her the confidence to attempt the impossible.

German political philosophy convinced her that democracy was the symbol of weakness, chaos, and incompetency in government; that

the German people were chosen by God to exterminate weaker peoples so that a race of supermen might be evolved. German science applied

to the arts of war convinced her that she could defy the world, applied to underseacraft it could sink unsinkable ships like the Lusitania; applied to aircraft, it could terrorize London and Paris and

spread disease and destruction among her enemies; applied"to noxious

1118 IMPROVEMENT ERA

gases, it could blind and wipe out armies in the twinkling of an eye; applied to cannon, it could crush the impregnable forts of Liege

like egg shells and hurl projectiles a distance of seventyfive miles into Paris. German commerce and industry convinced her that it

must expand through middle Europe into Asia and Africa and dominate the world. German music convinced her that hymns of hate

were of more force than hymns of love. Germany's faith in her

"divine mission"and the consciousness of the necessity of fulfilling it convinced her that treaties were "mere scraps of paper to conceal political purposes."Harnack, whose theology and views with

reference to the Bible probably carried more weight in America before the war than any other scholar, became one of nearly a hundred leading savants of Germany who convinced themselves that the violation of Belgium was just and good. It is hardly necessary to recite further

the history of Germany's folly, but the world has never before had such an exhibition of the inadequacy of mere philosophy, science, industry and things secular. Plainly, these things can be both evil

and good, hurtful and helpful, undesirable and desirable, the hope and the menace of civilization.

The value of man's progress in knowledge turns upon the will or judgment of those who may possess it. In the hands of the physician

even poison has its benefit; in the hands of the pioneer, knives, axes

and guns are of immeasurable value, but who would claim that these articles were good for babes or thieves?

Education which devotes itself entirely to the discovery of knowledge without regard for the will or intention of man is likely to prove the undoing of society. Certainly, it is not worthy to be called education.

Surely, after the demonstration of the ruin that lurks in the wake of mere emancipation of the mind, we must see that there is a great truth in the words of Tolstoi:

The night has a thousand ey?s,

And the day but one But the light of the whole world dies

When day is done.

The mind has a thousand eyes And the heart but one But the light of the whole life dies

When love is done.

How shall we direct the will and train the heart as we enlighten the intellect? Naught but religious feeling, the inspiration of the

soul, and faith in God can accomplish this. Even ethical teaching

and morality, though helpful, will not suffice. Moral philosophy

may be similar to other knowledge, the product of man's mind but not a force which controls his acts. There are abundant examples of

the failure of ethical teaching to effect life. France has given nonRELIGIOUS EDUCATION 1119

religious training a more thorough trial perhaps than any other nation.

And yet, says an eminent authority:

"In fifty years criminality has increased threefold, though there was scarcely any increase in population."This statement was made before the

war and does not comprehend the violent increase of crime since the war.

One French professor complained, "My prize pupil in morals is the biggest knave of the lot."

Let no one suppose that I am opposed to the teaching of morals in the schools. On the other hand, I strongly advocate it. Recently,

I emphasized the need of teaching virtue, honesty, and integrity throughout our schools. I believe in beginning early the relation of

stories of moral import, the recounting of golden deeds of kindness, and the teaching of virtue in every possible way to our children.

But this moral instruction requires the reinforcement of religious teaching and feeling. The Church becomes the supplement of the

School for this purpose. In private, parochial, and church schools

religious instruction can be given with secular teaching but cannot be given in publicly supported institutions. The public schools of

Gary, Indiana, Toledo, Ohio and a few other cities are working out a system in which the school becomes a community center surrounded by churches of all denominations to which the children go regularly from the public schools for religious instruction. Some

state universities are working out a system which is similar in principle. We have numberless instances of the powerlessness of knowledge to make men good. The age of the Italian renaissance, a new

revival of learning, was likewise an era of immorality and loose living.

Pope described Bacon as at once "the wisest, the brightest and the meanest of mankind."Solomon, the wisest of all the kings, was by

no means the most virtuous. Rousseau, a great name in the history of

education and philosophy, gives us his ideal training for Emile and dwells especially upon the value of his moral code, meantime neglecting shamefully the rearing of his own child, and engaging in dissolute living. His confessions are amazingly frank but even they

do not uncover the vileness of his life.

Morality is indeed the worthy helpmate of religion but history and experience reveals over and over again that it cannot be substituted for it. Ethical societies have failed to supplant the Church.

I am well aware that the position that I am taking is not popular today among educators, but I reiterate the words of a chancellor of one of our colleges uttered in his inaugural address more than a decade ago:

"Powerful as is the force of opinion today in the direction of secularized education, mighty as are the millions devoted to that purpose, earnest and numerous as are the advocates of education without religion * * * yet I am undismayed. For there is a power greater than the opinion of men;

1120 IMPROVEMENT ERA

there arc resources vaster than the millions of earth. Let us not 'trust in

uncertain riches, but in the living God.'

I am aware that many will consider that I am very oldfashioned, naive, and out of date, to be a commissioner of education. I am

aware that some will say that it is a poor philosopher who cannot discover salration by logic and reasoning. My reply is that of the

"Fable of the Chicks,"if I may be pardoned for recalling the name of my departed father. He related the experiences of two chicks that

happened to be companions in the same setting. The hen had been

sitting for nearly three weeks on the eggs, and the time for them to hatch was almost at hand. One chick was stirred by instinct of a

world of greater freedom beyond the white walls that enclosed him.

He soliloquized, "I feel that outside there is another world in which

I shall find air, sunshine, and food. I feel that these wings and

legs will come into play and I shall be happier there. And yet I do

not know that this is true. Further, I cannot act upon any assumption

that cannot be known and logically demonstrable. I shall not be

swayed by foolish sentiment. I shall not break this shell."

Just beside the egg that contained this agnostic chick, another chick was soliloquizing, "I, too, feel that outside is a world of greater freedom, where I can run and fly and where I shall enjoy the air, the sun, food and water. I do not know that such a world exists, but

I have faith that there is and I cannot resist the feeling that impels me to pip this shell. I shall pip my shell today."

A few days later, the busy housewife discovered the hen with the brood of chicks but in the nest lay one egg. It was cold. She

broke it with her thimble. There was a cold and lifeless form. It

was our agnostic philosopher who could not act upon faith; but

acted only upon the dictates of his reason.

Mount Majestic

Oh, Mount Majestic, towering high!

Peaks hidden in the sky!

You've seen men come and go;

Your age doth no one know.

i Oh, that I could be so strong;

That I could live half so long,

To see races as they pass;

To see the poor, huddled mass.

And reach my head above the throng

Where there is always happiness and song.

Oh, Mount Majestic, king of all,

I'm coming; I cannot resist your call!

Sandy, Utah. JACK EGBERT.

RUSSIA'S CONTRIBUTION TO AMERICA'S

WHEAT CROP By P. V. Cardon, Editor of "The Utah Farmer"

Fully onehalf of the wheat grown in the United States originated in

Russia. A bag of wheat from the Volga river valley, furnished seed for the

first planting of hardred spring wheat on the American continent and made possible the production of this cereal in regions that had long been considered too far north. From the territory north and east of the Black Sea came

the progenitors of our hardred winter wheats which proved to be able to thrive in spite of the rigorous climate of our Great Plains and made possible a rapid westward drift of our wheat belt. Then a third, the durum or

"macaroni"group of wheats emerged from that Slavonic nation, this time from the Kirghiz Steppe region of western Siberia, and upon finding a new home in the United States added millions of bushels to our wheat supply.

The story of the introduction and establishment of these wheats comprises an interesting chapter of the agricultural history of our nation. It

is doubly interesting at this time, because the United States, owing to Russia's agricultural breakdown, is expected by other nations to supply an unusually large proportion of the world's wheat crop. This story also develops an

appreciation of the fact that, while Russia may be a novice in the art of democratic government, she is a past master of scientific crop husbandry. For

most of our hard wheats, although highly developed by plantbreeders of the United States, may be traced back to hardy types long ago, improved by

Russia's peasantry.

The history of Russian wheat in North America begins about 1842.

In that year, David Fife of Ontario, Canada, received a small lot through a friend in Glascow, Scotland, who obtained it from a cargo shipped from

Danzig from the northern Volga River Valley. Mr. Fife, not knowing

whether the wheat was of the spring or winter type, planted some, as an experiment, in the spring. Only three heads matured, and these apparently

came from a single only springwheat kernel in the lot that grain—the

was planted, all the others proving to be of the winter type. From those

three heads was developed the well known Fife group of hardspring wheats.

The different strains of Fife spring wheats appearing under a variety of local names, now comprise the bulk of our standard grades and are among the highest priced wheats on the market. But the Scotch name is misleading,

as this wheat is distinctly Russian.

Just how and when this hardspring wheat found its way into the

United States from Ontario is not clear; nor does it matter. The point of

special interest is that it proved to be surprisingly well adapted to the conditions of soil and climate in Minnesota and later in North and South

Dakota. Today it is grown also in limited areas of Wisconsin, Illinois,

Iowa, Nebraska, and Montana. Within the region thus defined is produced most of our spring wheat, which amounts to about onethird of our

total wheat crop.

Although this Scotchbred Russian wheat is especially well adapted to the soil and climate of our northern plains states, commercially it was very unpopular when first introduced into the United States. At that time

millers were not equipped to handle it, as it was so much harder than our common wheat, and what flour was made from it was of such a creamy cast that it was looked upon as unfit for bread making. Wheat buyers

discriminated against the hard wheat, paying the growers 15 to 25 cents a bushel less than for soft wheat, and bakers refused to accept the flour 1122 IMPROVEMENT ERA

except at a discount. So while the variety was at hand with which to

extend the northwestern limits of the wheat belt, it was not until after 1870 that the center of production really began to shift.

The year 1870 is as epochal in our wheat history as 1793 in the history of cotton in this country. For to the same degree that the invention of the cotton gin marked the advent of a rapid and broad expansion

of cotton growing, the adoption by this country of a French machine known as a wheat flour purifier was influential in the extension of hard wheat growing. This machine was first constructed in Minneapolis by a Frenchman named La Croix.

By means of the purifier, the miller is said to have been enabled to produce from "the strongly colored but nutritious middlings of hard wheat a flour suited in texture and color to the popular demand."

But just as the cotton gin was insufficient to allow a maximum development of our cotton industry without the Arkwright patents, the spinning jenny, the roving mule and other devices necessary in the manufacture of cotton, so was the wheatflour purifier insufficient to permit of maximum extension of hardwheat growing without a better means of crushing the wheat. This means was provided eight years later (1878) by Governor

C. C. Washburn who installed the first complete roller mill in the United

States. Instead of pulverizing the kernels, as with the old style stone burs,

"Turkey"wheat, of which this is a typical head, was

introduced into the United States by Russian immigrants about

18 70, but it was only within the last decade that this type -si of wheat was adopted by the farmers of Utah. It is now

m cipalgrown winteralmost wheatexclusivelyplantedon ouron ourdry farmsirrigatedand farms.is the prinThe Ml IE

millers of this state are partial to "Turkey"as a hardred

winter wheat.

the rolls crushed and flaked them, thus making practicable a more perfect separation of the particles in the latter milling processes.

It must not be inferred that the working out of these improvements in flour milling resulted from any keen desire on the part of millers to promote a greater production of hardspring wheat. Nor did the later general adoption of the purifier and roll signify that millers were converted to the idea

that hard wheats were to become of real commercial importance, as much as it indicated a general desire on the part of millers to improve their mill products, chiefly manufactured from soft wheats.

It has been shown that the Russian wheat was unpopular up to the time that La Croix and Washburn introduced the innovations upon which our systems of "high grinding"are based, and it probably would have remained unpopular for years to come had the matter of extending it been left largely to the millers and bakers. The purifier and roll simply cleared

a path for what was to follow.

The extension of hardspring wheat growing in Minnesota, North

Dakota, and South Dakota and parts of adjacent states was inevitable, because upon this type of wheat largely depended the agricultural development of that region. The pioneers were moving west, farther and farther into

the plains. They had found that our soft wheats could not produce profitably in that climate, while the Russian hardspring wheat could. The lattei

RUSSIA'S CONTRIBUTION 1123

had been bred, generation after generation, under similar conditions in the far away Volga Valley. In fact it was admirably adapted to the needs of

the pioneers of our northern plains, so it was simply up to the millers to prepare to handle the crops that were bound to be produced in that section.

Fortunately, the improved milling processes made this possible. The natural

result of this phenomenal increase in the amount of production of springwheat which followed the migration of farmers into the northwest, and the resultant increase in the amount of grain handled and milled in that eastern to westernregion, was a shifting of wheat and flour markets—from

cities.

Meantime, an equally important event had transpired in the Central

Great Plains states. In the year 1873 some immigrants from southern

Russia who had previously settled temporarily in Illinois and Iowa moved on to the plains of Kansas, so much like their home country, and brought with them another kind of hard wheat, this time one of the winter type.

By the time the great westward extension of the hardspring wheat area began, this kind of hardwinter wheat had become well enough established in Kansas and adjoining states to prove the value of the central plains as a hard wheat region. Thus, almost simultaneously the virgin land of the

north and that of the central plains was broken to receive the seed of these

Russian plant immigrants, the hardspring wheat in the north, where the winters are severe, and hardwinter wheat in the middle plains where, sown in the fall, the crop could live to emerge in the early spring and hasten to maturity.

The production of hardwinter wheat in this country is reported to have been a success from the first planting. Doubtless this can be explained

by the unusual, but altogether desirable method of introducing the crop.

The people who had grown the wheat in Russia for years came with it and planted and cultivated it as they had been used to doing in Taurida, Crimea, and Ekaterinoslav; and owing to the fact that soil and climatic conditions in

these parts of Russia approximate those obtaining in the central Great

Plains, it was but a natural consequence that splendid crops should be harvested.

But though early recognized as agriculturally desirable, it was a long time before the commercial qualities of this wheat were generally appreciated. For some strange reason it was called "Turkey"wheat, a name

still applied to this strain, though it is known to be of Russian origin. The

name, however, probably had little to do with its failure to be readily received on the market and hence its failure to extend rapidly in cultivation.

It seems that Kansas millers simply did not want to handle hard wheats and Minneapolis millers for unexplained reasons rejected the winter type, despite the fact that their experience with hardspring wheat had been encouraging. "Turkey"wheat had been grown in this country nearly a

quarter of a century before its true value was appreciated.

The need of such a wheat was soon made plain to those hardy, fearless farmers who, in the 90's, pushed on to the western Plains to occupy the lands thrown open to entry by the Government. The farther west these

plainsmen went the more severe grew the conditions. The winters were

more open, often with little snow to blanket the ground and thus afford protection to the fall sown grain, and spring and summer conditions were such as to reduce the yields of spring wheat. What was needed was a

wheat hardy enough to withstand the cold winters and droughtresistant enough to mature in spite of a frequent shortage of rainfall. Then, too,

there was the danger of hot winds to be taken into account.

"Turkey"wheat met this urgent need to a greater degree than the softer common varieties because it originated in and was bred through generations under similar conditions. Very naturally, therefore, seed of it

was in demand and the limited supply was far from adequate. Fresh sup1124 IMPROVEMENT ERA

plies were imported from Russia, but this new seed is said to have yielded less abundantly than the local supplies of acclimatized seed. But the planting of "Turkey"wheat continued until, through shear force of bushels on

bushels, millers and bakers alike began to foresee and prepare for what surely must come.

But as good as it had proved itself to be, "Turkey"wheat was not yet what a wheat should be to overcome the great handicap of the middle plains. This Russian variety was superior to our socalled American wheats

when it came to fighting against cold and drought, but even then there were times when a crop failure or near failure was experienced. Owing to the

increased consumption of this hard winter wheat, both in this country and abroad, a crop failure on the Plains seriously disturbed economic conditions the world over. Moreover, in such a year, the sad plight of the

'|i IJ If I'l 11 1 1 mM 111

'. Mflr'Sl Bm

Types of hard wheat of Russian origin; number 1 and 3 are typical of the hardred winter varieties, as "Turkey"and Kharkof. Numbers 2 and 4 are representative

of the common, beardless type of Russian hardred spring wheat. Number 5 is of

the Durum, or "Macaroni"type.

The hardred winter type of wheat, represented chiefly by the "Turkey"variety,

fact, it is practically the only winter wheat grown here. It is plantedhasterritory—inof late years become the most widely grown dry farm wheat in the intermountain

extensively also on the irrigated farms of Utah, where it was virtually unknown 15 years ago.

The hardred spring type of wheat is grown to some extent on the irrigated farms of this and adjoining states, but it is not so common as the softer white wheats.

Although some durum wheat has been planted in Utah, on dry as well as irrigated land, this type of wheat never has become established in this state.

Plains'farmers was enough in itself to show the need'of serious attention being paid the matter of finding a more dependable wheat and better methods of growing it.

The states comprising what was by this time called the "Wheat Belt."

and the federal government as well, were not slow to seek a solution of the problem. Agricultural organizations in the Plains States had foreseen some

of these difficulties and scientific investigators from the State Experiment

Stations and the U. S. Department of Agriculture were striving to obtain

helpful information. Though some good had been accomplished progress

necessarily was slow, and it was soon apparent that something more should be done.

RUSSIA'S CONTRIBUTION 1125

Men of broad vision advised scouring the world for a suitable wheat and took steps to provide means for adequately studying under local conditions every imported variety that appeared promising. Funds were appropriated and agricultural explorers detailed to this notable undertaking which

led ultimately to the introduction of many valuable crops and the establishment of a splendid series of field stations which has rendered invaluable service in recent years by way of studying the cultural problems of farming in the Great Plains.

Knowing what the Russian hard wheats already had done in the

United States, the logical thing to do was to send an expert over there with a view of finding something better than anything that had yet come to us by chance. Accordingly, the best man available, M. A. Carleton, of the

U. S. Department of Agriculture himself a Kansan and familiar with the

soil and climate of the Plains, was detailed to this important work. The

choice of such a man was indeed fortunate. Only a man possessed of Mr.

Carleton's thorough training, calm judgment and dogged perseverence could have secured the striking results now properly accredited to him by all who know of the problems encountered.

This is not the place to follow him in his travels or even report in detail his findings. It is enough to say that he was gone f:om this country

nearly a year on the first trip, from July, 1898 ot February, 1899, and made a second expedition in 1900. In that time he found wheat of many

strains, and oats and other cereals, such as emmer and spelz. Each were

studied there on the ground; the conditions under which they were growing were described, and samples of each crop were sent back home with

instructions for testing under our own conditions.

Of all of these imported Russian cereals, two are of special interest in connection with the present subject. One of these is the Kharkof, hardred

winter wheat, and the other Kubanka a variety of durum or "macaroni"wheat, until then scarcely known in America. With Kharkof we can deai

briefly, but the story of Kubanka cannot be so readily passed over.

The Kharkof variety was obtained in 1900, in Starobelsk district of eastern Kharkof, which is further north and subject to greater drought and colder winds than Taurida, the district whence "Turkey"wheat came. It

was to be expected, therefore, that Kharkof wheat would suit the needs of our Plains farmers better than "Turkey."

In outward appearances Kharkof is identified with "Turkey."Both

are bearded, resembling barley in some ways, and their chaff and straw a;e

almost white. The kernels of each are hard and red, those of the Kharkof

possibly a shade darker than the others. But in the very important matter

of yield, Kharkof, after years of careful comparison appears to be superior to "Turkey."In some parts of the Great Plains, Kharkof is now grown

almost exclusively, and half the wheat of Kansas is said to be of this variety, or of improved strains of this variety. Hence, to a very great extent,

Kharkof has contributed toward making wheat growing safe in the Plains, unfortunately, however, even Kharkof the best found in Russia, seems to be unable to yield profitably under extreme conditions. But to do that is

almost too much to expect of any crop. The point to keep in mind is

that strains of the closely related "Turkey"and Kharkof types come much nearer meeting the requirements than soft wheats and in the Central Great

Plains today they are grown almost to the exclusion of the latter.

With Fife and other strains of hardspring wheat well established in the north and "Turkey"and Kharkof in the central Great Plains, even as far south as Oklahoma, it would seem that the needs of this region were well provided for, so far as wheat varieties were concerned, but Mr. Carleton

believed that durum wheats could be grown to advantage in this country and he doggedly set about establishing them.

Fife and "Turkey"had a hard enough time winning a plact on the 1126 IMPROVEMENT ERA

market, but their struggle was as naught compared with what Kubanka and other durum wheats encountered. Both the type of wheat and its

sponsor were made the objects of ridicule. In the opinions of buyers, millers,

and bakers alike, there was not and never would be a place in America for durum wheat, and that opinion was expressed in no uncertain terms.

But those who held that opinion have lived to see durum wheat established in cultivation, chiefly in the Dakotas, and sometimes topping even hardspring wheat on the markets. Moreover those same persons, who at

first were so opposed to durum wheat, today are not only dealing in it but are actually classed among its staunchest supporters. If ever a fight

was won against great odds, it was Kubanka's fight for a place in the pit, generaled by its genial sponser.

A few statistics will be instructive. Kubanka and some other durum

wheats were introduced in 1899 and 1900. In 1901 probably 60 to 70

thousand bushels were produced. Two years later production had reached

6 to 7 million bushels and in 1906 the crop was reported at 50,000,000 bushels. That crop flooded the poor market for durum wheat and the

inevitable happened. This wheat sold far below hardred spring and somt

farmers, discouraged, abandoned its cultivation. Many persisted, however,

and 1909 saw approximately 40,000,000 bushels of durum wheat produced! But in 1910 and in 1911, owing to extreme drought, the yields

dropped down to 24 and 16 million bushels, respectively, and by 1911 the price because of an increasing demand for Americangrown durum wheat in Europe as well as in this country, was more nearly equitable, No. 1

Northern (hardspring) topping No. Durum by only about 5 cents per

bushel. Then came the crop of 1912, historic in the annals of durum

wheat in the United States, when 40,000,000 bushels were produced and sold at a price above No. 1 Northern! Since then durum wheat has continued to occupy a high position on our wheat exchanges.

Kubanka was introduced from the Kirghiz Steppe district of Western

Siberia in the vicinity of Uralsk and Orenburg. Like other wheats of this

type it has unusually long beards, which make it objectionable in the eyes of some farmers. Millers were justified to some extent in complaining of

the flintiness of the large amber kernels of the durum wheat, which called for certain readjustments of the milling machinery; but the value of this

wheat for macaroni manufacture and its potential value as a bread wheat, besides its high yielding power and resistance to rust, made it sure of finally winning a place in this country.

So these and other varieties of the three groups of Russian wheats, the hardspring, the hardwinter, and the durum, in the face of much opposition, finally became acclimatized and permanently established in this country; and

today perhaps more Russian hard wheat is produced here than all the other kinds combined.

God's Touch

God takes a man, his native son,

And with a Father's deep design,

He shapes an image like his own;

To share with him a place divine.

And when God's purpose is complete,

Respecting man, his earthly clod.

His touch awakes the Infinite And lo, his Son is now a God!

Phoenix, Ariz. M. A. STEWART

"MORMONISM"AS AN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION

By Clarence William Brown

[Clarence William Brown, one of the competitors at the finals of the

Y. M. M. I. A. public speaking contest at the late June conference, was born

July 29, 1902, in Ogden, Utah, and is a son of Chistopher J. and Electa

E. Brown. He received his schooling under Principal D. H. Adams in

Madison School, and graduated from the eighth grade there, in 1915. He

attended the Weber Academy, taking three years high school and one year college study, at that institution, filled a mission in the southern states, leaving July 1, 1920, and labored under President Charles A. Callis for

two years and eight months. He spent part of his time in the Kentucky

conference as president, and later was made superintendent of mission Sunday

Schools, with headquarters at Atlanta, Georgia. He visited and organized

schools in Georgia, Florida and South Carolina. On his return home he

spent one more year at the Weber College, graduating in 1924, and is at present president of the elders'quorum in the 5 th ward of the Mount Ogden stake. We are indebted to Superintendent I. F. Williams for this information.—Editors.]

How do the Latterday Saints rank in physical strength and vitality? The best index to the physical soundness of a people is infant

mortality. A recent census reveals the fact that one hundred and one

babies out of a thousand, born alive in the United States, die before they become one year of age. Only sixtyfour out of a thousand

born in Utah die before they become of this age. The figures prove

the presence of physical cleanliness and stamina resulting from the teachings of "Mormonism.",

Again, statistics disclose the fact that the average length of life in the United States is thirty years. It is a startling affirmation to

declare that the average age of the adherents of "Mormonism"has increased from thirty years to thirtysix years, an increase of 20%.

Such are the results of obedience to the wholesome, hygienic rules given to the Saints by revelation. But, even greater achievements

than these can be anticipated, for stronger bodies will continually evolve until we shall ultimately realize God's ideal of physical manhood.

Psychologists affirm that great minds can best be sustained by sound, healthy bodies. It is evident, therefore, that "Mormonism"

is creating a desire for physical fitness, is building a substantial foundation for the increased intellectual activity which this religion asserts is a prime requisite of a complete life.

From its incipiency "Mormonism"has fostered the development of the mind. Inspired by divine light the Prophet Joseph Smith

revealed certain great and fundamental principles of intelligence which have been dynamic forces in impelling the Latterday Saints to rise to more exalted hopes and holier deeds.

1128 IMPROVEMENT ERA

His simple declaration, "A man can be saved no faster than he gets knowledge"is a far reaching thought, a great mainspring to human endeavor, carrying man onward and upward to the realization of a higher, and nobler life.

"The glory of God is intelligence"is an active, positive principle, containing the power of continuous mental growth. It has

supplied the springs of action for its believers to seek out from science, literature, art, the things which make for happiness. It has

lifted them out of the sordid pleasures of a material world and created in them a desire for that which is divine.

Such are the principles of intelligence which appeared as beacon lights in the destiny of the Latterday Saints. Such are the principles

which actuate their lives and influence them to seek the great, the good, the beautiful. Such are the principles which are making the

Church of Jesus Christ a great educational institution.

Furthermore that its adherents may develop their capacities to the greatest perfection possible, "Mormonism"is providing those facilities essential to the acquiring of a liberal education.

It distributes its members in interrelated local organizations, and provides courses of study and practical activities which teach them their correct relation to their fellows, to society, to the state, and to God. With a firm belief in the maxim that a person retains

only that which he gives away, it furnishes opportunity for its people to develop by service to others. It supplies work for each to do

that each may learn by doing.

Furthermore, in the cause of higher education, it has builded schools, endowed colleges, and developed an educational system which is unsurpassed in the world.

But with this superiority in intellectual attainment "Mormonism"is aware of the fact that mere physical and mental development do not satisfy all the purposes of human existence.

To be alive only to strength, appetite, pleasure, wealth, and pride, which come from physical and intellectual achievements, and not to be alive to purity, and love, sympathy, and kindness, hope and ambition resulting from spiritual development, is to be almost dead.

In the development of all his capacities "Mormonism"recognizes man's need of God. Human intelligence has its limitations

but the inspiration and intelligence from the Almighty are infinite and eternal. Among men, knowledge is meagre, truth is limited, justice

is defective, mercy is failing, righteousness is insufficient, and love is incomplete. All of these qualities are held by man, but held by

him imperfectly. So to realize his ideals man looks beyond himself

to the Being in whom these qualities are perfected. It is then that

"Mormonism"contributes its most priceless gifts in educating its people in spiritual things, in their relationship to God.

It declares that, "As man is, God once was; and as God is, man

"MORMONISM"AS AN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION 1129

may become."Man is of divine lineage, the offspring of Deity, having

inherent within him the powers and attributes of God. His duty,

therefore, is to develop these traits and powers that tell of his Divine descent and to become, even while mortal, Godlike.

To enable its people to do this, "Mormonism"has provided them with the greatest code of ethics that has yet been given unto gospel of Jesus Christ. In it are contained the laws,man—the

ordinances, principles, and commandments necessary for the perfection of man's nature in the image of his God.

This gospel enlarges sympathy, increases reverence, nourishes faith, inspires hope, exalts the imagination, and keeps alive the fire of love. It awakens within the Latterday Saints a firm belief in

being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous and in doing good to all mankind. With Alma, a Book of Mormon prophet, it teaches

that to prostitute virtue or chastity, is one of the blackest crimes in the heavenly category.

Such teachings linked with temple ordinances have created in the hearts of the people a divine sacredness for the marriage covenant.

They have solidified the home, decreasing divorces by over 30%

The importance of this is readily apparent when we consider that 75% of our immorality and juvenile delinquency come from homes where divorce has wrought havoc. Under the influence of these

salient principles, the Latterday Saints are becoming an example of righteousness unto the world, a city set upon a hill which cannot be hid. Thus is being developed in its people that physical strength

that qualifies them to perform the constant duties of life, the power to think, that enables them to cope with the problems of their environment, that faith in God and clean living by which they are able to fulfil all the purposes of human existence.

Is there a need in the world for such liberal education?

In this age of great change and upheaval, when men have fallen into the habit of measuring human achievements by material standards, and when their motives are almost wholly controlled and directed by economic forces, the supreme need is for a prophetic voice to call men back to a consideration of things spiritual. That voice

is the voice of the Latterday Saints, declaring that man must harmoniously develop his capacities, making the physical and intellectual subservient to the spiritual, if he is to fulfil the purposes of his divine inheritance.

Therefore, as Latterday Saints, we must hold steadfastly to the simple faith of our fathers. We must continue to develop all our

capacities, and allow the fruits of the gospel of Jesus Christ to radiate from our lives. Thus through our good work we may convince the

world that man cannot expand to the fulness of his nature, without the help and assistance of the Eternal God.

PROPHECY AND HISTORY

By Edward H. Anderson

What many of our young married couples need is a clear, rational vision of the relation of prophecy and history to their lives.

Every person should be a prophet in his own affairs, and have a clear vision of his future. In this way prophecy becomes history,

and the old adage, which declares history is prophecy reversed, becomes true in his experiences.

Besides, this knowledge of prophecy and history gives men and women a definite aim in life, holding them steadfastly to noble purpose. It saves them from entering bypaths that lead nowhere.

It protects them from morbid materialism, and moral degeneracy, and places them on a foundation of spirituality in which God is the directing power. Not till our young fathers and mothers possess this,

will they have paid in full their debt to the valiant pioneers whose prophetic spirit and keen insight, made possible the history of our western commonwealths. Not till then will they have paid in full

the debt they owe to the new generation now being cradled in their homes.

Prophecy in the experience of the Latterday Saints as individuals has frequently become history. The same may be said of the people

as of individuals. I need only refer to two well known instances, one

uttered by Joseph Smith, the prophet, in August, 1842, more than eighty years ago and recorded at the time. In this a number of the

brethren were promised: "Some of you will live to go and assist in

making settlements and build cities and see the Saints become a mighty people in the midst of the Rocky mountains."This is a

prophecy which has become history before our very eyes.

Another by President Brigham Young. He and a number of his

brethren were walking over the land, soon after the arrival of the pioneers, when suddenly President Young, coming to the place where our worldfamed temple now stands, then a barren, rocky spot, struck his cane into the ground and exclaimed: "Here we will build

the temple of our God."Several years thereafter, on the 6th of

April, 1853, the corner stones were laid by President Young assisted by his counselors, Heber C. Kimball and Willard Richards.

Forty years later the glorious structure was completed, and the temple of our God, which to the prophet Brigham Young, had been a vision and prophecy, is now a visible history.

An incident in connection with the breaking of the ground for

Delivered at the opening session of the June, 1924, M. I. A. Conference, at

joint officers meeting in the Assembly Hall.

PROPHECY AND HISTORY 1131

the foundation was related to me more than thirty years ago by Brigham Young, Jr. and is worthy of mention. The breaking of the

ground was done in February and President Young was present. The

ground was frozen and hence broke in a large crust. As the men

were raising the first piece of earth a silver dollar fell upon it. The

sight of coin in those days was a rarity, and the appearance of the silver at the time and place, contributed doubtless by an unknown witness of the proceedings, was considered a good omen. It certainly has so

turned out, for the temple as Brigham saw it was a prophecy which has become a marvelous history in our lives.

And so we might go on with illustrations. Our happy mountain homes, our fruitful fields, our thriving towns and cities, our

marvelous industries and mines, our canneries and factories, our luxurious palaces of learning, our glorious temples and houses of worship, are prophecies which, being fulfilled, have become history.

Behold, it is marvelous in our eyes!

What we have seen and learned in the course of our own lives is a lesson to us and to our young people to seek the testimony of

Jesus, which is the spirit of prophecy that we in turn may prophesy of the future, and by our faith and works, make our visions come true. This will result in history, full of countless blessings to those

children and our children's children,who shall follow after us—our

history that shall overflow even in fuller measure than that resulting from the prophecies of our fathers.

The Latterday Saints are believers in the efficacy of prophetic utterance. They are firm believers in the prophets and prophecies

of the Book of Mormon, treating of the ancient inhabitants of this continent. These are full of splendid lessons that may be applied to our

lives. There are scores of illustrations of prophets and their prophecies fulfilled in that holy book that cannot fail to impress the

young married people of our age with their wonderful value as inspiration for the future day, once they become familiar with them. Of course, in order to get value from them, we must become

familiar with them so that they may be applied in our tasks and be made prophetic guides for our instruction and for the history of our lives.

Lehi was comforting the mother of his sons who had journeyed into the wilderness up to the land of Jerusalem to obtain the record of the Jews. It appears that Lehi also found certain plates of brass

upon which a genealogy of his fathers was engraved, by which he knew that he was a descendant of Joseph, who was sold into Egypt, and from whom has sprung Ephraim and Manasseh. Lehi thus discovered the genealogy of his fathers and was filled with the spirit and

was led to prophesy concerning his seed saying "that these plates of brass should go forrth into all nations, kindreds, tongues and people who were of his seed. Wherefore, he said that these plates of

1132 IMPROVEMENT ERA

brass should never perish, neither should they be dimmed any more by time."And he prophesied many other things concerning the

people who were to be his descendants. This prophecy has been remarkably fulfilled, at least in part, by the coming forth in these days of the

Book of Mormon containing these facts. Doubtless many other ideas

in that book were gathered from the brass plates by the ancient writers of the Book of Mormon. This book has been and is being

distributed to the seed of Lehi in all parts of this land. Hundreds of

thousands of copies have been printed and distributed to all nations, kindreds, tongues, and people, as well as to the seed of Lehi. And

so the prophecy is made history in our day. Many other instances

might be mentioned in which the Book of Mormon prophecies have become history in modern times.

In the course of study in the advanced Senior class of the Y. M.

M. I. A., 192425, it is intended that some of these shall be pointed

out to the membership of the class, which now numbers something like 25,000 people.

Besides, twelve lessons from the text book, The Founding of

Utah, will be prepared that will illustrate the fulfilment of some of the prophecies of modern prophets.

Think what wonderful history this membership may project into the future, if they shall obtain the spirit of prophecy, and by their faith, study, and works, and the help in the days to come of the

Holy Spirit, cause to be woven into reality by their descendants, history upon which future generations may still build structures of progress, spiritual and temporal, that shall reach into the eternities.

The idea is not so much to gather voluminous illustrations, as to have the membership imbibe the spirit that characterized the prophets of old and the people who transformed their prophecies into history.

The same application may be made to the lives of the people today.

And now, as a closing thought! We must obtain a testimony

of Jesus as our Savior and a firm faith in God as the overruling

Being. Faith, which is a gift of God to all who seek, comes by

asking and by studying and by hearing the word of the Lord.

Our study in the Advanced Senior class will direct us in the way, and if we continue earnestly, our faith will increase, so that at the close of the study season of 192425, we can have a testimony of

Jesus which is the spirit of prophecy, and can say in our hearts, "This is life eternal, that they might know thee, the only true God, and

Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent."

At a recent convention of Scouts, it was stated that out of 3.200 boys coming before the Los Angeles Juvenile Court, only

two were boy scouts. Of course, the boy scout program has much to

do with such a showing, but it should be remembered, also, that the underlying cause of good conduct is love of God and faith in him.

A great majority of our Scouts are blest with parents who have this

PROPHECY AND HISTORY 1133

faith, and who believe in Jesus Christ as the Savior of mankind. Hence

their good behavior. Knowing God and his Son Jesus Christ is

not only eternal life, but it is a solid foundation for moral conduct.

Without this knowledge we build upon sand.

Despise not prophesyings! From prophecy has arisen the deepest

movement of the human spirit. Prophecy is a creative power whose

results remain the imperishable heritage of our age and race. Our

Church is built upon prophecy, hence our progress. We believe in

prophets and prophecy. We sing, "We thank thee, O God, for a

prophet."We worship God, we seek the testimony of Jesus Christ

which is the spirit of prophecy.

My brethren and sisters, fellow workmen in the M. I. A., I am

delighted to have had this privilege of saying these few words to you;

you who are the descendants of workers with whom I have been associated in the M. I. A. for fifty years within a few months. I love

the work, it is dear to my heart, and I hope that God will inspire you and me and coming generations to carry it on, and on. Thank

you, God bless you, Amen.

Nature's Music

There's music in the gentle breeze

That stirs the leaves and sways the trees;

There's music in the plaintive song

It sings, while gliding smoothly on.

There's music in the gusts that roar

Among the cliffs where the eagles soar,

And in the great pines'heavy notes,

Whose sound o'er hill and valley floats.

There's music in the gentle rain;

While rushing down the verdant hill,

When, o'er some great high cliff it leaps,

And falls below in liquid heaps.

There's music in the gentle rain;

It sings a sweet and soothing strain,

While falling on the grateful leaves,

Or dripping from the sulky eaves.

There's music in the restless sea

Where great high waves rush toward the lea,

And giving forth their mighty roar

While dashing madly on the shore.

There's music in the human soul

Which, harmonizing with the whole.

Responds to all that nature sings

And blends most sweetly with all things.

Logan, Utah SAMUEL B. MlTTON.

THE MISSISSIPPI PEDDLER*

By Arthur J. Horne

At that period of our history when St. Louis was the mecca of

the trapper and the fur trader and New Orleans our principal slave market most of our inland population was gathered, or rather scattered, along the rivers, for these waterways were the chief means of communication and afforded the simplest roads to market. Taking advantage of this situation, Edward Rotono procured a boat and, loading

it with all manner of trinkets and useful articles, established a sort of trade route between these two chief cities of the Mississippi. Up

and down the river he went, bartering his goods for cash or furs, increasing his ports of call as new settlers appeared on the river bank, and finding not a little profit from the travelers who came in everincreasing numbers on the steamboats now making their regular trips upon the Father of Waters.

Edward Rotono was not only a trader of wares, but he was a dreamer of dreams as well, for as he sat in his boat steering his way over the murky waters of the broad river he saw himself as a great merchant in the city of St. Louis, his shelves laden with goods brought

from all parts of the world by the steamers plying the river, while before his counters ranged the eager purchasers impatient to be waited on by his busy clerks. While thus musing and dreaming, as the sun

was sinking low in the west, he reached a familiar bend in the river not far below the city of his dreams. He steered his bark toward the

western shore, and ere he reached the bank his small black dog sprang from the bottom of the boat, leaped over the side with a splash into the water, and the next moment was scrambling up the bank, shaking the water from its furry coat onto the green grass among the trees.

When the boat bumped against the shore, the man stood up and reaching a coil of rope at the stern tossed one end of it to the dog.

The latter caught it in his mouth and quickly ran with it around a sapling. It required but a moment for the man to step ashore and

make the end of the rope fast to the tree, then returning to the boat he took therefrom a small satchel and a roll of bedding.

"Timothy,"he said, addressing the dog, "we'll sleep in John's cabin tonight."At this intelligence Timothy wagged his tail appreciatively and bounded away into the forest. After a short walk

they came to a clearing on the far side of which was a log cabin.

A tiny spiral of smoke issued from the chimney and the peddler started back when he saw it. At that instant a man in the rough garb of the

This story is fictional in character, but founded on typical facts. Editors.

THE MISSISSIPPI PEDDLER. 1135

trapper came from the cabin doorway and went round the corner of the house. "Halloo, brother!"called the boatman, and as the man reappeared he continued, "I was not expecting to see you here at this season

of the year."

No more was I expectin'to be here, but the warm weather comin'on so early spoils the fur, an'we decided to let it alone till fall."They greeted each other warmly, embracing in true brotherly

fashion. They went inside, leaving the door open to admit the light

for there were no windows. Edward sat down on the edge of the

bunk while his brother drew up a rude bench and rested his arm on the rough slab table.

"You know, John, those 'Mormons'you told me about being driven out of the western part of the state?"The trapper nodded.

"They're settling on the east bank of the river somewhere above

Quincy. They've already started a city."

"Its wicked the way them people was done!"exclaimed the trapper, and raising his arm he hit the table a resounding whack. "Callin'

'em thieves an'such, the blackguards! There never was a more

peaceable an'honest set of folks anywhere. I've stayed with 'em

many a time when I've been comin'back with my pack, an'never a pelt stole either. They're a pray in'people an'hard workin'; 'tain't that a

way with thieves, you know that, Ed?"

"Hard working people is what this country needs right now,"returned the peddler, "and I guess it wouldn't hurt any of us if we prayed a little more."

"You're right, an'I hope the good Lord will take care of them people. Well, unroll your beddin'an'I'll fetch in some wood fur

cookin'supper."The trapper arose and went outside. When the

sound of his ax reached the ears of the peddler, the latter went to his satchel and, taking out a long buckskin wallet, returned with it to the fireplace. Kneeling down he deftly removed one of the bricks from the

hearth revealing a cavity underneath, in the bottom of which lay a small heap of shining gold pieces. He quickly untied the wallet and

took out three gold pieces which he dropped into the cavity. This

was the money with which he exwas his part of the dream—this

pected some day to set up his store in St. Louis. As the sound of

the ax ceased, Edward hastily replaced the brick and sprinkled ashes over the place. When the trapper came in with an armful of wood

he found his brother sitting on the edge of the bunk just as he had left him.

Several years went by in this manner. Occasionally the brothers

met in the cabin of the trapper, but more often Edward spent the night there alone as he stopped in on his trips up and down the river.

And bit by bit the shining horde under the cabin hearth grew, while 1136. IMPROVEMENT ERA

the goal which the Mississippi Peddler had set for himself seemed ever nearer and nearer.

Meanwhile there was much talk among the people in the vicinity of St. Louis and on the steamboats, about the city which the "Mormons"were founding on the banks of the river above Quincy. "We

must go and see this city,"the peddler remarked to his dog one day.

"They tell us a temple is being built there, too. What do you say,

Timothy, to a trip to this wonderful city of Nauvoo before we go down river again?"For answer the dog got up from his bed in

the stern and, coming back to where his master sat holding the tiller rope, laid his nose against the man's knee and looked up into his master's eyes questioningly. "What say, Timothy? If you mean

'Yes,'wag your tail."Instantly the tail set up such a wagging that

the man laughed aloud. "All right, Old Timer, we'll go."

It was a beautiful spring morning. Nature was at her best, and

when they came in sight of the city of their quest, Edward Rotono thought he had never before witnessed a sight so grand and imposing.

Right in their path it lay as if it had been thrust out into the river causing the water to flow around it. On the crest of the hill were

the walls of the temple shining in the morning sunlight, while from its base the ground sloped gently to the water's edge, being dotted over with houses set amid the green foliage of gardens and vineyards.

Securing his boat at the wharf the peddler stepped ashore and walked up the principal thoroughfare. Mulholland Street, to the business section on the brow of the hill. He was surprised at the substantial

nature of the buildings, most of them being of brick while the temple was being built of a lightgray limestone. On the wellkept streets

were many teams of horses and oxen, while pedestrians thronged the sidewalks. He accosted one of the men he met, who seemed to be

less in a hurry than the others.

"Pardon me, but can you tell me where I can find Joe Smith?"

"Joseph Smith,"corrected the man quietly, almost reverently.

"I beg your pardon,"the peddler returned hastily. "I meant

no offense, but it is the name I hear all along the river."

"I know, but we hold him to be a Prophet of God. I think you

will find him in the grove west of the temple. I am on my way there,

now, and if you wish I will conduct you to the place."

"Thanks,"replied the peddler, and they fell into step as they turned their faces toward the temple grounds. "My name is Edward

Rotono.""The Mississippi Peddler!"the other exclaimed. "I have often

heard of you."

"From your opening remarks I judge that you are a 'Mormon.'

"No, I can't say that I is, I have not been baptized am—that

yet."THE MISSISSIPPI PEDDLER 1137

"Tell me, do you really think Smith is some kind Joe—Joseph

of prophet?"

"There can be no doubt about is inspired. No it—the man

man could do the things he does except God be with him."

By this time they had reached the grove where a large congregation of people were already assembled. The occasion, it seemed,

was the funeral services of a child. The peddler and his new acquaintance sat down on one of the benches at the rear. The Prophet

conducted the exercises and himself preached the funeral sermon.

*"The Lord takes many away, even in infancy,"rang out the voice of the Prophet, "that they may escape the envy of man and the sorrows and evils of this present world; they were too pure, too

lovely to live on earth; therefore, if rightly considered, instead of

mourning we have reason to rejoice, as they are delivered from evil * * * The only difference between the old and young dying is, one lives longer in heaven and eternal light and glory than the other, and is freed a little sooner from this miserable wicked world."

Much more he said, while the people sat in wrapt attention. Never

had Edward Rotono heard a sermon like that. Everything this man

said was new and startling. By a sentence, by a word, he swept away

the doctrines and traditions of men. At the conclusion of the meeting

the peddler was introduced to the Prophet who received him with a kindly smile and a handclasp which thrilled him through and through. "I am almost persuaded to be a 'Mormon,'"Rotono confided to his companion when they left the grove.

"Not almost but altogether, I hope, brother,"returned the other.

"For many generations my people have been Catholics; I cannot

leave them to follow after strange doctrines."

"We shall see,"said his companion. "Stranger things than that

are happening every day."

From that time on the Mississippi Peddler extended his trade route to include the city of Nauvoo, and he never missed an opportunity while there of attending meetings when they were being held. He thus became acquainted with most of the Church leaders,

and though he would not admit it to himself, their personalities and teachings were having a powerful effect upon him.

One summer's day as he approached the city, a boatman rode out to meet him. When they were within speaking distance the man

said, "The Prophet Joseph and his brother are by a dead—killed

mob in Carthage jail."The kindhearted peddler was shocked beyond measure at this information.

"What did they do that for? What harm had he done?"he

demanded.

Historical Record, Book 1, page 490.

1138 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"They say he was an enemy to the government and a wicked man, but the devil put that in their hearts."The man seemed choked

with grief, and immediately turned his boat about and rowed back to the shore. The peddler continued on his way slowly. And so the

man who had smiled at him so pleasantly that day in the grove lay cold in death. What a pity. "While thieves and cutthroats of every

description are roaming over the country unmolested, this good man is seized and put to death. They said he was an enemy to Caesar, did

they? I wonder if they accused him of healing a man on the Sabbath day?"

When he reached the city he found everything in confusion.

Armed guards moved about in every direction. All the people he met

wept and men's lips trembledwere sadlooking and downcast—women

when they spoke. No sound of hammer or trowel could be heard in the

city and the temple grounds were silent and deserted. "Will these

people continue to be 'Mormons'now that their Prophet is dead?"

he asked himself.

For a time Edward Rotono's customers were neglected. He was

too interested in watching the outcome of affairs in the city of Nauvoo.

Many leaders put themselves forward to take the place of the martyred

Prophet and the people did not know just what to do. Finally the

majority seemed to rally about Brigham Young, and under his direction work on the temple was resumed. But the people were poor

and, being hard pressed by their enemies, the work progressed slowly.

The women from their slender savings contributed enough to purchase a crane for handling the huge stones. When the peddler heard

of this he handed to Brigham Young a tendollar gold piece. "I

hope to give something every time I come to the city,"he said.

As the peddler was leaving the house he thought he heard someone say, "Give the money you are saving for the store to the house of the Lord."He turned to see who had spoken, wondering how in

the world anyone had learned of his savings and their purpose. But

when he looked about there was no one in sight; he stood absolutely

alone on the sidewalk in front of Brigham Young's house.

"I couldn't do that,"he said half aloud. "It would be many

years before I could save a sum as large as that is I now—perhapsnever would have that much again. No, no, that is asking too much,

I couldn't do that."And he hurried away down Mulholland street

to the river.

In his haste to get aboard his boat he almost upset it. Hoisting

his sail he turned his craft down stream and was soon gliding out

life's savings. I could give some of it, but to give it all andovergive—histht rippling waters. "That is too much to ask any man to

not have any store in St. Louis when I've set my heart on it for more

than ten years?"

And though it was a cool day, he actually took out his handkerTHE MISSISSIPPI PEDDLER 1139

chief and wiped the sweat from his perspiring brow. Just then a

whistle sounded, and he turned to see one of the big steamboats coming down the river at a lively clip, plowing the water into windrows with its sharp beak and leaving in its wake a row of whitecapped waves piled up by the giant wheels. It had gone some distance past

him before he realized that this was one of the largest boats on the river and perhaps had a goodly number of passengers aboard. Here

was an opportunity slipping past him for disposing of most of his wares, and since he had spent so much time in Nauvoo his business had been sadly neglected. If he was to help build the temple he must increase his business. There was a stiff breeze blowing and, setting

his sail at the proper angle, he was soon skimming over the water at a rapid rate. As he came up with the big boat again it was just

leaving the wharf at Quincy. Three young men in small row boats

were waiting out in midstream for the vessel to pass them, and as it did so they rowed one after the other into the great waves thrown up by the wheels. Up and down like corks went the tiny boats as

the waves rolled under them until the water subsided.

Putting on all sail the peddler raced after the big steamer, gaining on it rapidly. Soon he passed it, cutting across in front of it

as it rounded a bend in the river. He kept well in the lead, then, until

St. Louis was reached. There he moored his bark and waited the

arrival of his customers. Soon the big vessel hove in sight and,

swinging around gracefully to the wharf, came to a stop not twenty feet in front of his own small boat. He boarded the vessel when the

gang plank was shoved ashore, and was soon busy exhibiting his wares to the eager passengers when the boat was about to leave, the peddler shouldered his empty pack and returned to his bark, his pockets bulging with newly acquired coins.

"Not so bad, Timothy,"he said. "We'll go on down to

John's for the night."While he was stowing away his pack and his

money and locking the lid where he kept them, his boat had been gently drifting up the river in one of those little swirls frequently seen near the bank of every stream. This brought him within

a few feet of the big vessel, but as it had not yet raised its gang plank, he concluded there would be no danger in crossing its path.

He had scarcely got well behind it when, without warning, the monster wheels began to turn, churning the water into white foam and sending it rearward in huge waves. He tried to turn his boat

to ride the waves as the boys had done, but it was too late; the

huge wall of water was upon him before he could more than dip an oar. It struck his small craft broadside overturning it into the river,

The next instant the water closed over him. He had no particular

fears for his safety, for he was an expert swimmer, but somehow he found himself underneath the overturned boat tangled up in the tiller rope. Try is he would he could not free himself. He struggled

1 MO IMPROVEMENT ERA

blindly in the dark and muddy water, bumping his head repeatedly against the gunwale. The water was pressing into his lungs and he

realized that unless help came in a few seconds it would be the end of Edward Rotono. How he wished Brigham Young had his money

for the building of the temple! Now it would do no one any good,

for no one knew of its hiding place, not even his brother. "O

Lord,"he prayed, "get me out of this and I'll give every cent of it to build your house."At that moment he felt himself being lifted

toward the surface while the boat slowly righted itself. His head

came above water and he filled his lungs with the lifegiving air.

When he could gather his wits he looked about to see who had come to his rescue. Two men were running toward him along the river

bank and Timothy was clinging with his forepaws to the opposite side of the nearly submerged boat, but no one else was in sight. The

men rushed into the water and began to tow his boat to the shore while he clung to the side, too weak to offer any assistance.

'"Peers like it was your dog saved you, Mister. He was tryin'to

climb up on top, and when he got up a ways the boat just naturally turned back with him an'you popped up."The peddler sat down

on the bank weakly.

"Another minute and I would have been done for, I can tell you that,"he answered. The men emptied the water from his boat

and then offered to take him home with them until he could dry his clothes. "No, thanks,"he said, "my brother has a cabin down the

river a piece. I'll go on down there."He took off his shoes and

drained the water from them and wrung out what water he could from his clothes. He got into his boat again and setting his sopping

things to rights as best he could took hold of his oars and once more started out toward midstream. "Thanks, very much for your

help,"he said to the man, and was once more on his way, not much the worse for his unexpected bath.

"I guess the store in St. Louis isn't for us,"he said to Timothy.

"I wouldn't want it there, anyhow, I'd rather have it in Nauvoo."

Timothy wagged his tail up and down in approval, for he was lying down in the bottom of the boat and had no other way to wag it.

"Well, if the Lord wants that money for the temple, I guess He can have it."On his arrival at his brother's cabin he built a fire and dried his clothes. The next morning he gathered together his few belongings

and piled them in a heap on an old shirt which he had spread out on the floor. Then he removed the brick on the hearth and took out

the heap of money. He did not know how much was there until that

moment when he counted it. Three thousand one hundred and

seventy dollars,, all in shining gold pieces. To these were added nealy

fifty dollars more which he took from his wallet. These he placed

on the top of the bundle and tied the whole with the sleeves of the

THE MISSISSIPPI PEDDLER 1141

shirt. Then he sat down at the table and wrote a brief note to his

brother: Dear John:

I am going up the river to Nauvoo to join the "Mormons."I

know your heart is with them, too, so come along.

Ed.

He placed the note over a peg on the wall and hung the fryingpan over it. Then taking up his bundle he set off in the direction

of the river.

Brigham Young sat in the front room of his home and looked across at the temple now nearly finished. His massive brow was

clouded, and his face troubled. In his hand was a paper on which

was written the command of the Lord to finish that structure. Perhaps he was wondering how this was to be accomplished, for already

they had signed an agreement with their enemies to leave the city.

And while he thus pondered the situation there came a knock at his door. "Come in,"he said, and in walked the Mississippi Peddler,

a huge bundle on his back, held by a stick slung across his shoulder.

"Well, Brother Rotono, we are glad to see you again. It has been

but a few days since you left for your trip to New Orleans. Surely

you have not been there already?"

the river and wouldn't let me "No, the Lord ducked me in up until I promised to come right back with this."And without

more ado the peddler set his bundle in the middle of the floor almost at the feet of his host. Then he began to untie the shirt sleeves.

They did yield readily, and, using his strength, he burst them asunder, scattering over the floor in every direction a multitude of shining gold pieces. "There, Brother Brigham,"he said, "I have brought this

for the building of the temple."

And though the mobs with fury beat against the city, driving out the inhabitants into the wilderness of the great west, enough people remained to complete the house of the Lord and perform their ordinances therein. And when the exodus was complete, and the

"Mormons"wended their way toward the mountains, they took with them, as one of their own number, the man who had been known as the Mississippi Peddler.

Youth Youth is the song of the lark Youth is a dream of a God

When Dawn tiptoes o'er the Asleep in a forest enchanted;

meadow; A vision, the soul of a seed,

A wistful flute in the dark Entombed in a clod, beholdeth.

By'the river. -,,-,.. c -u Youth is a mirage or Heaven;

Youth is the fragrance of flowers A glimpse through the gates of Eden

That grow in a hidden garden; That unto Earth's pilgrim is given

The largest of magic hours To turn his feet homeward

Whose feet are winged. At twilight.

I Maud Baggacley.

HEROES OF SCIENCE

By Dr. F. S. Harris and N. I. Butt,

OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

4. Welsbach

The whole world marveled when King Alfred of England devised his lanthorn by placing thin strips of horn about his candles so the wind would not make the light flicker. But at night his

palace was so dark and gloomy that even the most poorly lighted houses of today would seem bright and cheery in comparison, Had one of the wonderful incandescent lights devised by Welsbach been placed in King Alfred's palace it would have been difficult to tell that there were any candles present.

We are accustomed to speak of the ordinary electric light as the best device for artificial lighting, but under many conditions the incandescent gas light gives more illumination in proportion to the money spent. The gas light, especially the types using the smaller

gasoline and other generators, are making country homes as well lighted as those in the city. Defective vision caused by reading and

sewing in poorly lighted houses is becoming rare.

That light could be produced by gas was known for several centuries, but the light was very unsatisfactory and expensive until

Welsbach discovered the incandescent mantle about forty years ago.

For many years following this discovery gas furnished by far the best ordinary light. The old type of carbon electric lights were several

times less efficient than the gas mantle and when improvements came in the electric light it was through investigations started by Welsbach.

There was no thought in the mind of Welsbach of producing a gas mantle when he began the experiments which led up to it. He

was one of the pure scientists who work to discover facts rather than practical ways for using them. Born in Germany, in 1858, he passed

through school and by the time he finished college he had been inspired by the influence of the great scientist Bunsen, to seek his fortune as a research worker. At this time Bunsen was investigating the newly

discovered method of analyzing substances by heating them in the flame of his burner. Naturally Welsbach, his pupil, became interested in this investigation and after his graduation he began to test

the properties of many elements not previously analyzed in this way.

In 1885 he discovered two new chemical substances through this type of investigation.

The ordinary method for studying chemicals by means of the flame is to dip a platinum wire into the solution of the chemical and then place it in the flame. Welsbach thought, because he could

HEROES OF SCIENCE 1143

i

thus get more of the solution in the flame, perhaps he could secure better results by dipping a piece of cotton in the solution and burning this as well as the chemical. When he tried this method he was surprised to find that after the cotton was burned the rare earths he was

working with did not crumble to pieces but held the shape they were in when soaked into the cotton. The flame caused the earths to

produce a brilliant white glow.

The trouble with gas lights before this time was that the energy was wasted in blue heat flames rather than giving light. Welsbach

immediately saw that if the heat energy could be utilized to make these rare earths white hot a beautiful white light would be produced.

Following this decision Welsbach commenced an earnest search to discover the best rare earths to be used. The one he first decided

upon as best proved very unsatisfactory, because the light given out was not so good as might be expected, and a slight jar would shake it to pieces. The following year, 1886, a still more thorough search

was made and thoria, the substance now used in mantles, proved most satisfactory so far as durability and the ability to hold together when fired is concerned.

Thoria, however, does not give a large amount of light when pure, and another long search was necessary before it was discovered that a small amount of another rare earth, ceria, brings out the brilliance which pure thoria lacks. Further experiments were necessary in

order to discover how to make the mantles burn to the proper shape.

So thorough were the tests made by Welsbach in perfecting the gas mantle that despite hundreds of attempts to improve its quality by using different proportions of the two ingredients used by the inventor, or to use other minerals, no other mantle has succeeded.

Artificial silk and a frabric called ramia were found better than cotton for absorbing the earthy material and some other improvements in the lasting quality have been made, but the proportion of the earthy materials remains the same.

While the discovery of the mantle brought wealth and fame to

Welsbach, it did not destroy his love for research. The carbon electric

lights in use at that time gave only a wasteful reddish glow. He

decided to try to make incandescent globes which would give efficient white light. Again experimenting with the rare earths, in 1898, he

discovered that osmium successfully conducted the electricity, and when heated gave a satisfactory light. There were, however, certain

defects in the osmium filaments which made it unsatisfactory. Undaunted Welsbach continued to experiment until 1903, when he, and

other investigators working along the same line, discovered the value of tungsten, the filament now used in, our most efficient ordinary electric globes. The tungsten filaments of today furnishes light at

about one third the cost of that produced from those made of carbon.

Even after Welsbach had made these discoveries, he went back to his laboratories to carry on further research. In 1907 he dis1144 IMPROVEMENT ERA

covered an element which had never been known before. Feeling

that he was indebted to science for the wealth that had come to him, he spent a large sum to build an experiment station where other investigators might discover knowledge useful to mankind.

Provo, Utah.

Our Martyrs

Every town and city has them, Many families, too, I find Men and women, worn and broken

Both in body and in mind.

Carry other people's burdens, Worrying over others'woes.

Hurt by unjust crticisms;

What they suffer no one knows.

Oh, that all would do their duty,

And that each would bear his share;

None would then be overloaded,

None would be burdened down with care.

But be patient, oh, ye weary, Struggle on, nor cease to pray.

If you carry others'burdens, You will surely draw the pay.

Shelley, Idaho JOSEPH H. DEAN.

God Bless the Youth of Zion

God bless the youth of Zion, day by day,

Let not their footsteps wander from virtue's way;

But true and faithful may they stand

A blessing to their glorious land,

Thy precepts may they understand, (jod bless the youth of Zion.

Their fathers'faith was mighty, firm and brave

They faced the dreary deserts the youth to save

From Babylon's clouded mind, For them a sanctuary to find, For them they left their all behind;

God bless the youth of Zion.

Within thy love and favor, may their light

Illuminate the darkness, pure and bright,

Their deeds shine out before thee, Lord,

O may they all with one accord

Defend and keep thy Holy Word;

God bless the youth of Zion.

Ruth May Fox.

FAITH AND WORKS* The Clearing of a Seeming Conflict

By Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, of the Council of the Twelve

"He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me; and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I wiVi

love him, and will manifest myself to him."

These are the words of the Savior spoken to his disciples and one of them not fully comprehending his meaning asked him a question. Jesus answered and said unto him:

"If a man love me, he will keep my words; and my Father will love

him, and we will come unto him and make our abode with him.

"He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings, and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me."

There are throughout the Christian world various opinions regarding what is necessary to bring about the salvation of men. Some

there are who have accepted very literally, but without comprehending the meaning of it, the expression that was uttered by Paul to the Ephesians.

"For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves:

it is the gift of God:

"Not of works, lest any man should boast."

Those who accept that view as literally as it is recorded, without any reference to the context, disregard or reject the epistle of

James which, apparently to them teaches a very different doctrine, for James says this:

"Yea. a man may say, Thou hast faith, and I have works: show me

thy faith without thy works, and I will show thee my faith by my works.

"Thou believest that there is one God; thou doest well: the devils

also believe and tremble.

"But wilt thou know, O vain man. that faith without works is dead?"

And so the controversy has been going on since the days of the

Reformation, if not before, in regard to these scriptures. Some men

contending for the doctrine of James and some for the doctrine of

Paul, both misunderstanding what Paul has written and what James has written, for in reality there is no conflict.

The world is full of good honest people who believe that all that is necessary for one to do in order to be saved is to confess the

These remarks were made in the Salt Lake Tabernacle at the Liberty Stake

Conference on July 20, 1924.

1146 IMPROVEMENT ERA names of Jesus Christ with their lips. A professed minister of the

gospel once told me that if the entire Bible were lost with the exception of one passage which is found in the tenth chapter of Romans, the 9th verse, that one verse would be enough to save the world. It is

as follows:

"If thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved."Now, of course, this is a very extreme view. It would not be

enough to save the world for the very good reason that the Lord has said unto us that we are to live by every word that proceedeth forth from the mouth of God, and we are, as I have read to you, under the necessity of keeping his commandments.

I desire to point out wherein there is no conflict whatever in the teachings of these two apostles of old; that Paul taught the doctrine that was taught by James, and James was in full accord with

the doctrine that was taught by Paul; the fact being that they are

approaching the subject from different angles.

Paul was dealing with the class of people who believed that a man could not be saved unless he subscribed to the law of Moses, that a man was under the necessity more or less of saving himself, and who denied the full power of the atonement of Jesus Christ. James on

the other hand was defending the necessity of works, counteracting the idea which prevailed among others who professed faith in Christ, that if they had faith it was allsufficient. Therefore they approached

this subject from different viewpoints, and each of them teaches the truth.

I might illustrate this. Many times I have passed down the

street and have looked in a store window and have read a sign. As I

have approached it from the right certain words appeared advertising certain goods. As I have passed and come into full front view, then

something else has appeared, and as I have passed on to the left and have looked back at that sign, other words appeared, three different and distinct signs, but all referring to the goods that are to be sold in that shop. I might stand on the right side and say: "This sign

says so and so."You may stand on the left and say: "No, you are

wrong, I can see it, and it says so and so,"and we might contend over it, and we would both be wrong although we would both be partly right.

You have heard the story of the two knights who contended over the shield that was on the arm of the statue, one declaring that it was made of gold and the other that it was of silver, and so they contended until they came to blows and each received a mortal wound.

But as they fell to the earth and changed their positions the one that was on the right saw that the gold shield was silver, and the one that was on the left saw that the silver shield was gold.

FAITH AND WORKS '1147

This is just the situation as we have it in regard to the teaching of Paul and James. It is a doctrine of the Church that is fully upheld and sustained by the Scriptures and by the handdealing of God

with the children of men from the beginning, that he does not do for us one thing that we can do for ourselves, but requires of us that we do everything for ourselves that is within our power for our salvation. I think that is logical and reasonable. On the other hand,

the Lord has done everything for us for our salvation that we could not do for ourselves, and there were some things that we could not do for ourselves, and we had to have help from an infinite source.

Adam, our first I believe that doctrine very firmly, parent,—and

which is now discounted in the his transgression world—through

brought into the world death, and through death came suffering and sin. The first death that was pronounced upon him was banishment from the presence of the Lord. For Adam died two deaths, a

spiritual death, or banishment from the presence of God, which is the first death, and which is like the second death which will be pronounced upon the wicked when they are cast out of the presence of the Lord; and he also died the mortal death.

The first death, spiritual death, came upon him at the time of his transgression. The mortal death did not overtake him for many

many years, for the Lord granted unto him a time of probation in which he was taught and instructed in the principles of the gospel and given a chance to repent, to show through his faithfulness his worthiness of redemption, and to be brought back again into the presence of God his father.

The mortal death passed upon all men through the transgression of Adam, and every man is subject to death. Being subject to death

and to sin, it is impossible for us by any act of ours to redeem ourselves from death or from our own individual sins. We are absolutely helpless. Every man that has been born into the world since

the days of Adam, save the Lord Jesus Christ, has been subject to death, and under the transgression of his own sins, without the power in and of himself to redeem himself from either situation.

Since justice demands reparation and restoration, it was necessary that there be an infinite atonement. Christ came into the world

not subject to death and not guilty of sin, and with power to atone for the sins of the world and also for Adam's transgression.

Jesus Christ came into the world the Son of God in very deed, the Only Begotten of the Father in the flesh. He was not subject to

death, for he had no earthly father. His Father is the Father of our

spirits, and the Father gave unto him life, that he might have life in himself, even as his Father had life in himself. And therefore Jesus

Christ was not subject unto death at any time. Yet he had the

power within himself as he so declared, to lay down his life and take it again, for that commandment he says he had received from his

Father. Now, in order that this may be clearly stated, I want to give

U 48 IMPROVEMENT ERA you his own words in regard to this very thing, as we find them recorded in the fifth and in the tenth chapter of John. In the fifth

chapter of John, speaking of this power which he possessed, the Lord said: "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life;

"Verily, verily, I say unto you, the hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God; and they that hear shall

live. "For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he given to the Son

to have life in himself.

"And hath given him authority to execute judgment also, because he is the Son of man."

In the tenth chapter of John, speaking of the power which is in him, the Savior says this:

"Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that

I might take it again.

"No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have

power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father."

And that marks the difference between the Lord Jesus Christ and the rest of mankind. We have no life in ourselves, for no power

has been given unto us, to lay down our lives and take them again.

That is beyond our power, and so, being subject to death, and sinners, for we are all transgressors of the law to some extent, no matter how good we have tried to be, we are therefore unable in and of ourselves to receive redemption from our sins by any act of our own.

This is the grace that Paul was teaching. Therefore, it is by the

grace of Jesus Christ that we are saved. And had he not come into

the world, and laid down his life that he might take it again, or as he said in another place, to give us life that we may have it more would still be subject to death and in our sins.abundantly—we

As it was pointed out by Isaiah and others of the prophets many hundreds of years before his birth, Christ took upon himself the transgressions of all men and suffered for them, that they might escape on conditions of their repentance and acceptance of his gospel, and their faithfulness to the end. So we are saved by grace, and that not of

ourselves. It is the gift of God. If Jesus Christ had not died for us

there would have come to us no salvation, and we would have remained absolutely in our sins, without redemption, and would have become subject to Satan and his emissaries forever and ever. But

through the mercies of God, Christ came into the world and his blood was shed for the redemption of men, so that all who will believe and will acknowledge him and take upon them his commandments, enduring to the end, shall receive eternal life.

FAITH AND WORKS 1149

So far as redemption from death is concerned, since we were not responsible for it, we will be redeemed from it. Therefore, through

the blood of Christ, every man shall come forth from the dead in the resurrection, and the spirit and body shall be inseparably connected.

Then man, if he has been righteous, shall receive a fulness of joy, and if unrighteous, he shall suffer, of course, for his transgressions, but every man has been given immortality, which means that he shall die again no more.

These are the doctrines that were taught by the Lord Jesus Christ.

This is the burden of the message which we declare unto the world

Christ and him crucified for the redemption of men.

So Paul taught these people who thought that they could be saved by some power that was within them or by observing the law of

Moses. He pointed out to them the fact that if it was not for the

mission of Jesus Christ, if it was not for this great atoning sacrifice, they could not be redeemed. And therefore it was by the grace of

God that they are saved, not by any work on their part, for they were absolutely helpless. Paul was absolutely right.

And on the other hand James taught just as the Lord taught, just as Paul had taught in other Scripture, that it is our duty, of necessity, to labor, to strive in diligence, and faith, keeping the commandments of the Lord, if we would obtain that inheritance which is promised to the faithful, and which shall be given unto them through their faithfulness to the end. There is no conflict in the doctrines of

these two men. There is no need for the world to be in conflict in

regard to this question. It is merely due to the fact that they cannot

or do not comprehend the mission of Jesus Christ. They do not

understand what salvation means. They do not know upon what it

is based.

The world today is discarding the doctrines of the Church.

Many men no longer accept Jesus Christ as the Son of God; they do

not believe in his atonement. They have rejected the resurrection; no

longer accept it as being essential to salvation, and yet it is one of the fundamental doctrines of the Church. Christ, the prototype, the example, came forth from the dead as he said he would, after he had laid

down his life and had taken it again on the third day. He presented

himself to his disciples and told them to handle him and see, for a spirit had not a body of flesh and bones as they saw that he had.

And so they came and they handled him and further to convince them he partook of the fish and honeycomb. He ate in their

presence and convinced them by a practical demonstration that it was he himself, the same body that had hung on the cross, which they had put in the tomb and that he had come forth again in the resurrection. Moreover that all power, both in heaven and in earth had

been given unto him through his obedience to his Father, and through the resurrection which he had received. He was the first fruits of the

resurrection, and he came forth and taught mankind that as he came 1 1 5 o IMPROVEMENT ERA

forth from the dead so all men should come forth from the dead, both the good and the bad; and that men should be judged according to their works and receive the reward according to merit. That

is the gospel of Jesus Christ in its simplicity, just that plainly set forth in these Scriptures so that the fool may read and understand; and

yet the wise man in all his learning, closes his eyes against this truth and thinks he understands.

There is a striking passage in the Book of Mormon which is very significant and which appeals to me very strongly, it is:

"O that cunning plan of the evil one! O the vainness, and tne irailties, and the foolishness of men! When they are learned they think they

are wise, and they hearken not unto the counsel of God, for they set it aside, supposing they know of themselves, wherefore, their wisdom is foolishness and it profiteth them not. And they shall perish."

But mark you this:

"But to be learned is good if they hearken unto the counsels of God "But woe unto the rich, who are rich as to the things of the world.

For because they are rich they despise the poor, and they persecute the meek, and their hearts are upon tbeir treasures; wherefore, their treasure is their

God. And behold, their treasure shall perish with them also."

I say that is very good common sense and good Scripture. Now

another passage from this excellent volume of Scripture, the Book of

Mormon: "And now my beloved brethren, after ye have gotten into this straight and narrow path, I would ask if all is [in other words, after you done"—have been baptized for the remission of your sins, after you have repented

and after you have accepted Jesus Christ as the Son of God, and that is what is ahead of what I have been reading, then the question is asked by this writer]:

"Is that all?"Behold I say unto you, Nay; for ye have not come

thus far save it were by the word of Christ with unshaken faith in him, relying wholly upon the merits of him who is mighty to save.

"Wherefore, ye must press forward with a steadfastness in Christ, having a perfect brightness of hope, and a love of God and of all men.

Wherefore, if ye shall press forward, feasting upon the word of Christ, and endure to the end, behold, thus saith the Father: Ye shall have eternal life

"And now, behold, my beloved brethren, this is the way: and there

is none other way nor name given under heaven whereby man can be saved in the kingdom of God. And now, behold, this is the doctrine of Christ,

and the only and true doctrine of the Father and of the Son, and of the

Holy Ghost, which is one God, without end. Amen."

So it is easy to understand that we must accept the mission of

Jesus Christ, and we must believe that it is through his grace that we are saved, that he performed for us that labor which we were unable to perform for ourselves, and did for us those things which were essential to our salvation, which were beyond our power, and also that we are under the commandment and the necessity of performing the labors that are required of us as set forth in the commandments known as the gospel of Jesus Christ.

FAITH AND WORKS 1151

Unless a man will adhere to the doctrine and walk in faith, accepting the truth and observing the commandments as they have been given, it will be impossible for him to receive eternal life, no matter how much he may confess with his lips that Jesus is the Christ, or believe that his Father sent him into the world for the redemption of man. So James is right when he says the devils "believe and

tremble,"but they do not repent. So it is necessary, not merely that

we believe, but that we repent, and in faith observe the works until the end; and then shall we receive the reward of the faithful and a

place in the Celestial kingdom of God, which I pray may be our port, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.,

Far Up On the Mountain

We're camping far up on the mountain,

Way up where the skies seem so near,

In a land where there's sunshine and shadow,

And air that's refreshing and clear;

We're camping way up where the pine trees

Just whisper old tales that are true.

Where the leaves of the aspens are dancing,

And flowers are smiling through.

We're camping far up where the squirrels

Have secrets in every nook, Where the deer roam and foxes are playing,

And trout lurk in pool and brook;

We're camping far up where the robins

And bluebirds sing strong and true,

Where the woodpeckers ever are drumming,

And honeybees buzzing through.

We're camping far up where the summer

Is cool, and the day's a delight,

Where the zephyrs blow friendly and often,

And Elysium's portals in sight;

And though sometimes the angry storm clouds

Send rain and the lightning, too,

Soon the stars with the pine trees are playing,

And moon beams come shining through.

University Station, Bin "H,"Tucson, Arizona. G. MILTON BABCOCK.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS "We never can comprehend the things of Cod and of heaven, but by revelation. We may spiritualize and express opinions to all eternity; but that

is not authority.

"Oh, ye elders of Israel, harken to my voice; and when you are sent into

the world to preach, tell those things you are sent to tell; preach and cry

aloud, 'Repent ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand; repent and believe

the gospel!'Declare the first principles, and let mysteries alone, lest ye be

overthrown. Never meddle with the visions of beasts and subjects you do

not understand, * * * but preach those things the Lord has told youto preach about—repentance and baptism for the remission of sins."—Joseph

Smith, the Prophet, "History of the Church,"Vol. 5, p. 344.

Better Foothold in Greater New York

Under the direction of President B. H. Roberts and Conference President Len H. Layton, the Manhattan conference, Eastern States Mission,

held a very successful conference on May 31 and June 1, so Elder Layton reports. Two Priesthood meetings were held on Saturday, May 3 1, one

for missionaries only, in which strong testimonies were given and the other, a general meeting for all members holding the Priesthood. President Roberts occupied most of the time, advising the Saints to "stay where they

are, that God's work might grow into stakes of Zion in these Eastern states."

This admonition was valuable, as many of the Saints have a spirit of gathering to Salt Lake City.

On Sunday three sessions were held, one at 10 a. m., and 2 and 7:30

p. m. The first included a brief report of the work in the five branches,

and reports of the Sunday School, M. I. A., and Relief Society work. A

cello solo and vocal solo added to the enjoyment of this meeting. The second session was devoted to real gospel propaganda. The text announced

is found in I Peter 3:15, "Be ready always to give answer to every man

that asketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear."To this text four missionaries delivered very inspired remarks giving

the reason for the hope that is within them, after which a male quartet sang, "Praying for you."President Roberts then bore his testimony of the

hope that he had of eternal life. Edwin Tout sang a solo, accompanied by

his daughter with violin obligate Francis O'Neill at the piano. At the

third session, 160 people came to hear President Roberts treat a promising theme: "The value of religion and the way in which 'Mormonism'

responds to it."Elders Hoff and Whalen sang, "The morning breaks, the

shadows flee,"a very fitting duet. The entire evening was turned over

for this discourse. He gave it in a series of deep and well organized thoughts,

showing that the value of a religion is to be able to learn from it your purpose in life. This conference, it is felt, is a step towards gaining a better

foothold in greater New York.

A joint conference of the officers of the four Relief Societies of the

Brooklyn conference was held June 1 9 at the home of Mrs. Howard R.

Driggs. Elders and missionaries are as follows:

Bottom row left to right: Wesley Hubbard, Mary Christensen, Frances J.

O'Neill, Phildon Huffaker. Second row from left to right: George Harold Holt.

Andrew Spencer, Maurine Parker, Mission Stenographer; B. H. Roberts, President

Eastern States Mission: Dr. Margaret C. Roberts, Len H. Layton. Conference

President Brooklyn Conference: O. Ragnar Linde, Mission Secretary; Carl E. Weaver.

Top row: Edith Pincock, Donald C. Sloan, Mollie Higginson. Antone Bunker.

Charles L. Moore, E. L. Sloan, Ivaloo Jeppson, Ernest Hulet, Mission Bookkeeper:

Leyonna Van Kampen.

a On *

wo o S.> Z (X9OH>Zi-j noz m?omzn m Zm

O?o;; 54 IMPROVEMENT ERA

From Oakland, Indiana On June 29 a conference of South Indiana, Northern States mission, was held. "The conference is in a very healthy condition; a vigorous summer

campaign is well under way. The missionaries are seeking the honest in

heart in localities not worked before in many years, and they are reporting unprecedented success. Our purpose is to place a Book of Mormon in every

home. In some towns the people are so eager to receive them that one pair

of elders was recently enabled to dispose of fiftyeight in less than two days. Our aim is to hold a meeting every night, either cottage or open air.

In these meetings the elders and sisters of the Indianapolis branch with the assistance of the local Priesthood, have done a great work. The gospel

message is sounded from four to five nights each week on the street corners of this city. Most of our audiences are intelligent, thinking men and we

consider our meetings a great success. We look for a great harvest before

the autumn sets in."DeWitt J. Paul, Conference President.

Missionaries, left to right, sitting: Mae Peterson. Tremonton; Lydia Farnsworth, Garland; Dr. John H. Taylor, president Northern States mission; DeWitt J.

Paul, Rigby, Idaho, president Southern Indiana conference; Adelia Broderick, Roosevelt;

Alberta Wuthrich, Salt Lake City. Standing: Lawrence E. Bowcutt, Garland; Alvin

Rigby, Hibbard, Idaho; Stanley W. Johnson, Ephraim; John A. Lambert, Kamas;

Rasmus Albrechtsen, Emery, Utah; J. Harold Matson, Rexburg, Idaho; Ernest E.

Hanks, Salem; Andrew Somerville, Moab, Utah.

A Comparison President Augus T. Wright of the New Zealand mission encloses a cut

of the altar as found in the tomb of Tutankhamen and calls attention to the fact that it has interested him very much. He says:- "In the cut of the

characters taken from the papyrus, from which was translated by Joseph

Smith the Book of Abraham, is one feature, number 4, representing the altar on which sacrifices were made by the idolatrous priests, etc. This rather unusual looking altar was used in the time of the Pharaohs of which Tutankhamen was one. One of these altars, as will be seen from the recent collection

of treasures from his tomb, is almost an exact reproduction of the cut presented by Joseph Smith in the Pearl of Great Price many years ago, as copied from the papyrus by him and placed as a frontispiece in the Book of Abraham.

It is the most convincing evidence possible of Joseph Smith's claim

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1155

with reference to the papyrus and the Book of Abraham. This

illustration, as so often happens, has been brought to light by those not of our faith and without any intention on their part of establishing or

Wonderful replica of Luxor tomb, to be exhibited at Wembley. An exact, fulsized reproduction of the Tomb of Tutankhamen has been made for the British

Empire Exhibition. Gold valued at thousands of pounds has been beaten for the

gilding. A general view of the tomb, showing guardians.

confirming the truth. It is clearly a fact that if the picture in the Book

of Abraham had been drawn from Joseph Smith's imagination, his statement could not have been confirmed eightynine years afterwards and fully verified by those who would have scoffed previously at these facts and called it pretentions on the part of the Prophet Joseph."

An Easter Cottage Meeting in Old England

Easter morning dawned bright and clear, with all the glory of new life, for which the day is held sacred. Elder and myself looked out of our

little window in the second story of a small, quaint English cottage; one of a

small group, all with the red tile roofs and diminutive yards full of brilliant flowers, surrounded by the ever present hedges. Looking toward the south

one sees the narrow, winding country road, paved with small stones, leading out into the beautiful, green, uneven country. In place of the unsightly

wire fences of America, along the country roads, we see the beautiful hedges in full bloom, neatly trimmed, growing on either side of the road, making the landscape look as if a slow, sluggish stream were flowing between flowercovered banks, through fields of glowing red poppies.

In the old cottage, amid the wonderful surroundings, we held a Book of Mormon class, studying about the inhabitants of a now almost forgotten time and civilization. Our lesson touched upon the once beautiful country,

the rich cities and wonderful edifices they had builded while their hearts were turned toward the Lord their God, also the great apostasy that took hold upon 1156 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the hearts of the people and led to their destruction and finally to their annihilation.

Saints being About the time we were to start our Easter service—six

bells in the large mathedral near by began to ring in rapidp resen t—the the people of the town that theirsuccession, as only English bells can—telling

great Easter Service was about to begin.

In the little humble cottage, owned by an old couple of faithful Latterday Saints, we bore our simple testimonies of the goodness of God in giving us the gospel and the privilege of having these humble quarters to offer our thanks and gratitude for all that we have received from his gracious hand.

As our meeting progressed, in the lowly quarters, the fashionable people of the town made their way to the great church, to hear and see the greatest service of the year. The ministers, and there were many, came in procession covered

with beautiful robes of scarlet, trimmed with bright gold and silver. The

people in their newbeauty of the church was almost beyond description—the

spring clothes, the golden altar illuminated with huge lighted candles, surrounded by the rising fumes of.burning incense. The sight was one that

would remain in the minds of the people for many days to come. The

service consisted of countless, meaningless, foreign ceremonies, intermixed with words and chanting of little meaning to the usual listeners. The sermon

was one that only an orator could compose, yet it contained only a dead form of the gospel mixed with the philosophies of man.

Of these two services, one was of the essence of the humble Savior, the other the vain creations of man. The sight that greeted the eyes of the prophet

Alma upon his missionary visit to the Zoramites, of their greed, stiffnecked- ness and creations of forms of worship, could not these be compared, and in time the same dire result overtake the selfrighteous of the land today?

"For my people have committed two evils; they have forsaken me the fountain

of living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water."—Jer. 2:13.—J. D. M., North Walsham, Norfolk, England.

Do All Things Without Murmurings

Elder Carrol L. Olsen, Tasmania, Australia, writes: "We consider the

Era a great help to us in our missionary work here in the South Pacific.

Many investigators have been influenced for good by reading its articles and valuable teachings. Elder William LaVon Robinson, Boise, Idaho, and myself

are laboring among the people of North Tasmania, with Launceston as our headquarters. We find great joy in our work and the blessings of the Lord

have been abundantly showered upon us. We are trying to follow the advice

of the Apostle Paul: 'Do all things without murmurings and disputings, that

ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world; holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of

Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither labored in vain.'

Thirty Increase of Investigators Baptisms—110%

"This is a group photo taken on the day of our last semiannual Sheffield conference, May 18, 1924. It was by far the most successful held in

the Sheffield conference, since prewar days. Under the inspirational

leadership of President David O. McKay a great work is being accomplished.

We are still subjected to some rather severe treatment at the hands of bitter assailants, yet this spirit of mobocracy seems to be waning. During the

months of March, April, May and June of this year we baptized thirty people exceeding the total number of baptisms for 1923. Our number of

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 115 7

investigators has increased 110 per cent, and all of our meetings are unusually well attended. The Saints are united and performing a splendid

missionary work.

5} ""tf tf

1 V-i

"The names on the photo are as follows, standing from left to right: G.

Kimball Mellor, conference clerk, Manti; James T. Buddell, Birmingham conference;

Elwood G. Meadows, Leeds conference; Rollo E. Watkins, Ogden; Scott S. McCune,

Santa Monica. California; Fielding K. Smith, conference president, Salt Lake

City; Vernon P. Cole, Preston, Idaho; Rowland V. Walker, Salt Lake City; Sister

Emma Ray McKay, president of the Relief Societies; Willard Boden, Logan; Lyle A.

Riggs, Mesa, Arizona; David O. McKay, president of the European mission; Ernest

K. Freckleton, president of the Liverpool conference, Eureka; George C. Midgley, Salt

Lake City; F. Peter Jones, Monticello; William A. Monson, Liverpool office, Ogden:

Parley A. Peterson, Newton; Rodney D. Price, Phoenix, Arizona; Harley K. Fernelius, Ogden. Kneeling: Milford M. Mills, Woods Cross; LaTon E. Darley, Wellsville; K. Marsel Widtsoe, president of the Hull conference, Salt Lake City; Sterling

C. Rigby, Newton, Utah."

"In closing I wish to express the sincere appreciation of the elders of this—Fieldingconference forK. theSmith,Era.ConferenceIt is a truePresident.source of encouragement and inspiration.

Progress in Independence

"Twentyseven baptisms have been performed in the Independence conference in three and a half months,"reports Conference President Chester

Graff. "There are at least 400 Saints in Kansas City, Mo., and Kansas City,

Kansas, and 100 in Independence. Kansas City with a population of

400,000, is tracted once every two years. Over 200 Books of Mormon, 900

small books, and a large number of tracts and pamphlets were distributed during three months. The people are hungry for the truth, but often fail

to recognize it when it is presented at their doors. Many whom we meet have

never before seen a 'Mormon'missionary. An average of three meetings

were held every night, including cottage and street meetings, which have proved very successful during the summer months. The missionaries are energetic and persistent in their work which brings blessings of the heavenly

Father upon them. This conference is fortunate in having had visits from

1158 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a number of the Church Authorities who gave wise counsel and bore their testimonies to the divinity of the latterday work. Much good was accomplished from their visits."

f / BB T*2 Krflfe ufll KyJ An "PI fe.-r-A. ">.l]S

HfMk4XMi

wk '"v JBI 'Hpl B&v'l "Bk-;?? "'in ij v. \y;.;*.''gBT*

Missionaries of Independence conference, front row, left to right: LaVerna

Stone, Effa Bills, Nellie Moncur; second row: Harold Bennion, Esther McBride,

Clarence Naylor, incoming conference president; Chester Graff, outgoing conference

president; Flora Hatch, Glen Schmidt; third row, standing: Dell Kesler, Ruth Horn,

Otis Nielsen, Luella Anderson, LaVon Cluff, Bertha Nelson; back row: Lavell Jones,

Woodruff H. Anderson, Jessie Henricksen, Wilford T. Young, Riley Gywen.

Forty Baptized in Six Months

Elder A. Stam, clerk of Groningen conference, Holland, reports that

they have had wonderful success during the past six months. Twelve elders

The following are elders laboring in the conference; back row, left to right:

Karl Fife, Logan; P. S. Jensen; W. R. Wilcken, Salt Lake City; C. E. Thayne,

Sandy; Asael Smith; Stanley Sharp, Salt Lake City; W. K. Potts, Ogden; H.

Noorda, Salt Lake City. Front row: Mrs. Joseph Weston, Joseph Weston, Ogden;

R. J. Cameron, conference president; A. Stam, conference clerk, Salt Lake City, Utah.

are laboring there, and they have baptized forty people during the time named. "The elders are greatly enjoying their labors. Our future looks very

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1159

bright and the prospects of bringing many people to a knowledge of the gospel are very promising."

Progress in the SacramentoGridley Conference

Since our conference, May 2325, the missionaries have been doing excellent work in Chico, Marysville, Stockton, and Sacramento. Well attended street meetings in each of these cities have been held. The missionaries

are working in harmony to further the cause, and are succeeding in getting some people to investigate and to read the Book of Mormon, resulting in the placing of books each month.

Missionaries, left to right, top row: Mary B. Ostland, Margaret E. Caldwell,

Jane F. Stewart; second row: Ada L. Funk, G. M. Christiansen, Winnifred Evans;

third row: E. Booth Sorenson, W. F. Montgomery; fourth row: Carrol N. Madsen,

Wendell M. Jensen, Clyde Thompson, Jos. W. McMurrin mission president; W.

Vernal Denning, conference president, released; J. Maynard Summers; Benj. J. Lott,

present conference president; fifth row: Glen W. Durfey, Ellsworth E. Weaver;

sixth row: Moselle Michaelson, B. F. Zimmerman, Eunice Simpson; bottom row, Ina

Larsen, Emma E. Walton.

Interested in Genealogical Work

Melvin P. Pickering and Eugene T. Crawshaw write from Limz an

Donan, Austria, July 24, reporting that the prospects in the Vienna conference, Austria, SwissGerman mission are very favorable. There are only

two missionaries in the Limz branch but in cooperation with the Saints their labors are bringing good results. Five meetings a week are held with

1160 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a good attendance and all present take active part in the discussion of gospel principles. Enthusiasm in the summer work is growing and the elders have

produced wonderful results accompanied by a good spirit, so that the

prospects are bright for a number of baptisms soon. "The Saints here are

greatly interested in genealogical work and we are doing all in our power to encourage them along in this line. We appreciate the Era very much and

extend our best wishes to all its readers."

Baptized FiftyFive Since May

Elder Ben L. Bowring, Mississippi conference, reports a conference held

in Laurel: "Through the kindness of a former judge and a prominent attorney

Elders Mississippi conference, left to right, front row: William T. Berrett,

Menan, Idaho; Carl F. Clegg, Heber. Utah; C. J. Podlatis, Blackfoot, Idaho; Ben

L. Bowring, conference president, Brigham, Utah; Charles A. Callis, mission president;

E. J. Peart, Evanston, Wyoming; W. D. Spence, Glendale; M. G. Holgate, Order-

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1161

ville, Utah. Back row: L. B. Hammer. Newdale: J. A. Wickham, Franklin, Idaho;

M. D. Roper, Oak City; B. H. Dimick, Spanish Fork; J. W. Redford, Talmage,

Utah; William C. Wood, Blackfoot, Idaho; B. W. Richards, Joseph City, Arizona;

Liston W. Parr, Riverton, Utah.

the court house was secured for the conference. From far and wide Saints and

investigators gathered. A number of prominent people in Laurel also attended the meeting. President Callis was the principal speaker. He spoke

along doctrinal lines. President Bowring presided over the meeting. Since

May we have baptized fiftyfive into the fold of Christ. Our new slogan

is 'Sell a Book of Mormon each week.'It has been an incentive to do

more in placing the sacred record before the people of the world than any other thing we have done. The Era is a great help to us in spreading the

gospel."

Bits of Philosophy

A heart full of truth is better than a head full of facts.

All the real sweetness in life is found in the bottom of the bitter cup.

Culture is just the ability to make a tramp feel perfectly at home in your new limousine.

Take out of the average conversation the brag, nag and whine, and there would not be much left to brag about.

If you estimate yourself at a pin's worth, you will never be offended because some one underestimates your worth.

Nephi Jensen.

Scout Boys

There are many George Washingtons, many indeed,

Boys who can govern and boys who can lead,

Boys who are known on the land and the sea

But, somehow, when heroes are mentioned to me,

I think of the boys who went into the fray,

To never command but to only obey

The boys who could follow and bleed and be true

Whatever their names—they were Washingtons, too!

There are Abraham Lincolns all over the land,

With never a nation at arms to command

The Scout Boys who serve with no thought of applause,

With each day the good turn, no matter the cause,

Our splendid defenders in conflict to be are Lincolns to me! No matter their names—they

There are princes all over, in your town and mine,

The square boys, the fair boys, the honest and fine,

For whether in palaces born to the royal,

Or home boys who rise from the spur of the soil,

Or whether they follow or whether they lead

The boys who can Scout are the princes indeed!

Mesa. Arizona. BERTHA A. KLEINMAN.

By* {he Stream Side AT THE ENTRANCE TO BELL'S CANYON

O'er this wild place a thrilling silence lies,

A solemn hush that's dwelt since days of old;

One voice alone, the mountain waters cold,

Speaks of the ages, time that never dies.

To make the centuries, the moments pass

Before our race, here long the glaciers crept

Creation's acme still the future kept;

While ancient ice carved yonder granite mass.

These heights of stone arose from depths of sea

And nature's labors, in the distant past,

Left high the peaks and sank the hollows vast

The land was changed and was that man might be.

And here we came beside this beauteous stream

Great Nature host unto each transient guest,

We speak in awe or speak in idle jest,

Yet in each heart is stirred life's golden dream.

O sunken gorge, and thou, O peaked height,

That tell strange legends of the day that's been,

What am I taught amid this awful scene?

Hope, flowerlike still, within, the Soul's wide light!

Alfred Lambourne.

I Worship God

I love the earth Its wond'rous surface shows Variety more marked than language knows.

Hills, hollows, prairies, valleys, rugged peaks;

S wails, gutters, canyons, rivers, oceans creeks;

Woodlands and meadows; marsh and wilderness;

Fruits, flowers, grasses, to bless. trees—mankind

For all this varied surface of the land

Will yield obedience to the human hand.

I love the rain The gentle rhythm of its drip, drip, drip

Is music to my ears. Earth's parted lip

In thirsting gladness drinks the gentle shower;

In helpless fear yields to the torrents power;

Broadens its rivers for the raging flood,

And failing, sacrifices human blood

To stay destruction's hands.

But when the storm is past, skies bright again,

Her eyes are heavenward turned in prayer for rain.

I love the light;

Sun, moon, and stars; and little candle flame

That nightly in my window burns the same,

With glad and welcoming glow;

Breathing the greeting that I most would know

When I come back again to my small home.

The light that man has made I understand,

But well I know some higher, more pow'rful Hand

Controls the heavenly lights; that night and day

Would cease, if he who whispered first "Let There Be Light"Should let these many orbs slip from his sight.

I love this we call "Life."

My own life I am glad to have received.

No greater purpose could have been achieved

If I with diligence my time employ.

I love my neighbors, friends, and all mankind,

And greatest joy in serving them I find.

I view in wonderment the mighty plan

By which the Earth subservient is to Man.

I love all flower, each star, each clod, things—each

But all my praise and worship are for God.

St. George, Utah. MABEL JARVIS

Making ready to land at Tahiti; showing the crew of the Monique repairing her

broken boom and torn sail. The passenger seated in the foreground is in the

act of says: "It's a ticklish job here."shaving—he

THE NEED OF "BACKING"A Story of the Islands'Swiftest Vessel

By O. B. Peterson

It was originally called the American, as it was built in the

States, though owned and managed by a local island concern. But

it went on the reef at Anaa, and, thinking it was entirely ruined, the owners were eager to sell it. A trader, Nicholas, by name, bought the

ship and after repairing it and putting it into shape, changed its name to Monique. It was known as the swifest sailing vessel throughout

the islands.

The Monique had just arrived at Hikueru; her first boat was

a-shore at 1 1 o'clock a. m. She had left the island of Tauere at seven

o'clock that same morning, and had made the distance of more than forty miles in four hours. This, even, was not her record; she had

beaten that at times by almost five miles. A fair gale was blowing,

and she was racing up and down before the reef, as proud and graceful as a swan. She was built low and wide, scarcely more than four

feet out of the water; the shapely curves of her prow and stern suggesting power in cutting and fighting the waves, while her two masts

were exceptionally long, to accommodate the use of a topgallant sail for additional speed.

The ship's row boat came over the reef the second time, and the

THE NEED OF BACKING 1165

captain and owner stepped a-shore. I asked him where he was bound,

and he said he was on his way to Tahiti and would take an almost direct route. This was pleasing information, to be sure, as my work

was completed on that island, and I was ready to go; in fact, I had

already waited several days for a ship. I eagerly arranged for passage

for my companion and me. I considered this a rare opportunity to

ride on the "fastest sailing vessel;"not so much because of the ship

itself, but I was eager to get there as quickly as possible. The natives

said, "You'll be in Tahiti in two days."

The ship was to leave the next afternoon, so we hurriedly packed our boxes and got everything ready. Our luggage was taken aboard

the following morning, but as the captain was ashore in some business deal and would not likely be through for some time, we were persuaded to wait until he came, before going out. The wind increased somewhat, and it started to rain. The day passed rapidly and

eventide approached, with no sign of preparation for departure. The

captain had been seen a few times on the street, but apparently was busy at something, and the other work of the ship was not yet finished. Everybody began to say, "You'll not leave till morning."

We began to hope that such would be the case, as the thought of lying out on deck in that rain and wind all night was anything but inviting and encouraging. However, we had to hold ourselves in readiness

until the official word came that we could go back to the house for another night's comfortable rest.

"Come on,"someone shouted, "they're ready to leave, but they're going down to the other landing."We gathered up our things and

hurried down. It was now dark, and the boat was making its last

trip to the ship it was said to bring a secret load of liquor ashore.

This job was finally finished, but the captain had not yet arrived.

"Oh, if he'd only wait until morning,"we thought. Quite a gale

was blowing, with a cold, drizzling rain; and to go over that reef at

night was truly dangerous, and more dangerous still to board that swiftly moving vessel in the dark. The captain came. "Aren't we

going to wait till morning?"I eagerly inquired. "Why, no,"came

the reply, "with this wind blowing, we'll be a hundred miles from here by morning."The thought of so quickly reaching our destination, at least, was encouraging, so we buckled to the task with undaunted faith.

The row boat could be brought no closer than to where the waves break at the edge of the reef, and we had to walk out about a hundred yards in water above our knees, carefully avoiding the holes and cracks in the coral, in order to reach it. When we were safely

seated in the stern of the boat, the captain, holding the steering oar, gave his orders. Two sailors were out of the boat to push it off

the reef, while one sailor remained in the boat to help the captain keep it upright. "There's one, yo, ho!"shouted the captain. We

1166 IMPROVEMENT ERA

moved a little. The next wave helped us a little more; then a big one

came. "Look out, there!"he warned. The water dashed up over

the edge of the boat as the wave broke, a little strenuous effort on the part of the sailors and captain, and we were clear of the reef.

where was it? It was so dark We started for the ship—but

that we couldn't see ten feet before us, and we had no light whatever, by which the crew on the ship might know our whereabouts.

The captain and sailors called repeatedly, and finally received an answer; and, at the same time, the swiftly moving vessel crossed our

bow, missing us by scarcely more than fifty feet. "Ah pshaw!"

shouted the captain in disgust. The ship turned and came back;

this time they could see us. The main sail was loosened and the ship

drifted our way. The small boat was ruthlessly dashed up and down

against the side of the ship. "Be careful, now, and be sure of your

footing,"came the warning. As the boat was lifted up by the waves,

we threw our belongings to the sailors on the ship, and as she came up again we jumped, grabbed the side of the ship and swung safely aboard. It was a hazardous and exciting half hour, and we felt

greatly relieved when the thing was accomplished.

The boat was hoisted over the edge of the ship, and everything appeared ready for a speedy departure. "Where are the shipping

papers?"asked the captain. No one seemed to know, but upon

investigation, it was found that the French Gendarme had failed to sign the government papers permitting the departure of the vessel, and they were still in his office. This made a perplexing situation; to

send the boat ashore again in that wind and rain with no light meant a probable mishap and the death of some of the sailors. The

only thing to be done was to wait patiently until daylight.

I began to look around for a place to spend the night, and finding the back part of the deck filled with sacks of copra, decided to make my bed there. I was too seasick to go below. As I lay on that

copra in the wind and rain throughout the night, I thought often of the comfortable bed I might have had ashore. As it was, besides the

extreme misery of the situation, we were unconsciously wasting both time and energy, sailing up and down before Hikueru at a rate of more than ten miles an hour. We welcomed the light of the following morning, for the missing papers were soon fetched, and we were

now ready to commence our "speedy, twoday"journey to Tahiti.

And notwithstanding our discomfort and distress, we felt equal almost to anything in view of reaching our destination in so short a time.

The sails were shifted and the ship turned around until the points of the compass designated that we were headed in the right direction; and waving a last farewell to the isle of Hikueru, we satisfied ourselves with the thought that, at last, we were "off."We

were sailing along at the same delightful speed as had been maintained during the preceding night, and for which the ship was sofamous, when suddenly,—"Well, what's wrong, we appear to be

THE NEED OF BACKING 1167

slowing down?""Yes,"came the reply, "it looks like the end of

our wind, and the beginning of a calm.""A calm?"I asked, "but

that won't last very long, will it?""Oh, the calms through here

last about eight days,"answered the captain. Eight days! Heaven

forbid; we were to reach Tahiti in two days. But there we were,

and nothing we could say or think or do could change the situation.

We tried to be cheerful. "There is sure to be a wind now in

a few minutes or hours,"we opined. But "calm"was the correct

word. Even the ocean itself became a placid lake of glass, without a

ripple or a wave, other than large swells over which we floated; and

not a sign of a breeze; while the glittering rays of old Sol beat down

unmercifully hot. Thus it was throughout the day, throughout the

night, throughout the following day, and the next six days as well.

Often did we wish that we were able to steer our course directly to the port we sought—'but we hadn't the "backing."We could do

nothing but drift with the tide and ocean currents, and try some of the "feats"of Joshua, Moses and Paul on the elements, which we were never able to work successfully.

On the morning of the seventh day, we floated up to the island of Anaa; but as we neared it, the sails flapped to the side, filled out

from end to end, and the ship pushed forth with the celerity of a race horse. There was our wind. We were soon going at our old

tenmile rate; and what a relief from the tediousness of the calm;

another day like that would end it all, and we should be enjoying ourselves in Tahiti. But the ship had some copra to take on at Anaa,

and we were compelled to speed up and down before the island, while the small boat made several trips ashore. Owing to the strong wind

and the long distance to the landing, the work progressed very slowly, and by the time the last load was aboard, the day was gone, and the sun was sinking to its rest.

The prow of the ship was now pointed toward Tahiti, and we sped not for long. Within half an hour there was no forth—but

wind again, and we began gliding along as before. Oh! this wa:>

awful. It was like the "slow train through Arkansas."Here we

were on the swiftest vessel of the islands; and we couldn't have been

going much slower, if the thing had been tied down with chains.

"This helps to prove the fact,"I remarked to my companion, "that it isn't altogether the build, the shape, the character of the vessel that

wind, it doesn't go. And likewise in the life of givesbacking'—withoutit speed and takes it to its destination; it must have some

man, it isn't alone the physique, the brain power and the various talents and characteristics of the individual that move him forward in accomplishment. Like the sailing vessel, he needs the cooperation

and backing of a greater power than his the inspiraown—without

tion and guidance of the Spirit of God, he encounters many a calm, and there is much drifting with the tides and currents."

1168 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The recent strong wind had made the ocean very turbulent, and our ship was tossed, turned and twisted until finally the iron coupling on the main boom snapped off, releasing it from the mast, and tearing the main sail. This necessitated putting the large sail down, and

for the next few days we traveled with only the fore and jib sails.

We were favored with an occasional breeze for an hour or so at the time, and on the morning of the eleventh day we came alongside of

Tahiti. As we were nearing the pass, it occurred to the captain that

it would be a shame to pull into port with a broken boom and torn sail; so we put out to sea again and wasted another three or four hours

doing what should have been done two days before, when the sailors had nothing else to do, and thereby have hastened our arrival with the driving power of this big sail. But "where there is no vision, the

people perish."At about ten o'clock that morning we stepped safely

ashore at Papeete, a long and tedious "twoday"(?) Tahiti—after

voyage.

The Monique made another trip to the Tuamotu Islands and returned safely; but on her second trip she encountered some difficulty

while in the vicinity of Anaa, and in a squall, or sudden gust of wind, turned entirely over. The crew and their one passenger got away

safely on the ship's row boat, and finally returned to Tahiti. The

ship, however, with its entire cargo, was lost.

Orovini, Papeete, Tahiti, Society Islands

Ye Olde Towne On the moon dial of memory lies ye Olde Towne,

Mud gray, roof drab, and white;

Like a phantom that the vagrant mind cherishes,

Trailing through the far spent night.

There are faces from the past, in ye Olde Towne,

Tearstained, merryeyed, and grim;

There are forms that move in silent phalanxes,

Purposeful and strong of brain and limb.

All the mist from long ago vanishes,

But the harmonies and great hopes remain,

And come trooping along down the highway,

Spreading o'er the wide brown main.

The gayest rendezvous of youth was ye Olde Towne,

Sheltered by its purpletinted hills;

With its tawny streets, and staid trees, and green lanes

And its peace, where the homing heart thrills.

Oh. long the shadows linger 'round ye Olde Towne,

Mud gray, roof drab, and white;

Oh, strong were the builders that builded it,

On the path of the westward sun's flight.

EZRA J. POULSEN, Author, Songs for the Toilers.

PROPHECY AND HISTORY A Study for the Advanced Senior Class M. I. A., 192425

History—The Founding of Utah

By Prof. Levi Edgar Young, of the University of Utah

Part I. Lesson IV. Read Chapters IXXII

The Settlement of Utah

The next four lessons will deal with the pioneer journeys to Utah and the settlement of Utah. The story of the journey of the first company

under President Brigham Young's leadership will be given special attention, for it stands out as one of the most interesting of all the pioneer companies to the far West. The reader will be interested in the organization of the

various companies and the types of people who came over the trail to help settle these vales. They were a high class of people and knew how to adapt

themselves to the new environment and conditions. They were industrious,

Godfearing, thrifty, and resourceful. They knew how to do things and to

solve their problems, for problems they had. With crude farming implements, they had to clear the land and plow it. They had to construct

canals and water ditches leading from the mountain streams. They went to

the canyons and cut timber for cabins; they brought stone from the quarries

and made adobes for their houses and public buildings; they had to manufacture clothing within the homes, and many other activities kept them

busy. The Indians had to be met, and met with kindness, for Brigham

Young's policy was to feed the Indians and not to fight them. Roads had

to be made and bridges over the streams and rivers constructed. Meeting

houses and school buildings had to be built. They relied upon the Lord and

had the idea which the Apostle Eliot used to teach the Indians of New

England: "Work, with faith in Jesus Christ, will accomplish anything.''

The settlement of Utah is a story that inspires one's greatest respect and love for the pioneers of the days before the railroad.

Jonathan Carver and the Far West

An interesting statement concerning the far West was written in 1765 by one. Jonathan Carver, who with a small party of men came into the

country of what is now the Dakotas, and, learning from the Indians something about the "Shinging Mountains"to the West (the Rocky Mountains), wrote the following concerning them:

"This extraordinary range of mountains is calculated to be more than three thousand miles in length, without any very considerable intervals, which I believe surpasses anything of the kind in the other quarters of the earth. Probably in

future ages, they may be found to contain more riches in their bowels, than those of Hindostan and Malabar, or that are produced on the golden coast of Guinea; nor

will I except the Peruvian mines. To the west of these mountains when explored

by future Columbuses or Raleighs, may be found other lakes, rivers, and countries, full fraught with all the necessaries or luxuries of life; and where future generations may find an asylum, whether driven from their country by the ravages of

lawless tyrants, or by religious persecutions, or reluctantly leaving it to remedy the

Inconveniences arising from a superabundant increase of inhabitants; whether, I sav.

1170 IMPROVEMENT ERA

impelled by these or allured by hopes of commercial advantages, there is little doubt but their expectations will be fully gratified in these rich and unexhausted climes."

In the early part of the nineteenth century, there were members of

Congress who did not believe that the country beyond the Rocky Mountains was of any worth. This feeling continued more or less down to the later

forties, when the "Mormons"settled in the Great Basin. One member of

Congress, Bates, of Missouri, said:

One would think seriously of occupying Oregon. The country wasn't worth

settling. The entire region "between the Missouri and the Pacific, save a strip of

waste and sterile, nocultural prairie not above two or three hundred miles wide—is

better than the Desert of Sahara, and quite as dangerous to cross."Part of the

country was composed of rocky ridges incapable of producing anything, and near the coast "the soil, where there is any, is formed of rotted pine leaves, and even that is swept away by the floods which from time to time cover the land along the river banks. Today the extremity of drought prevails; tomorrow all except the hills are

under water."He did not believe that settlers could be induced to remain there

longer than two years; it would be impossible for them to endure the "incessant rain

of four months'duration."But even if the settlement were successful it was ridiculous to imagine that the people in that faroff country could long retain any patriotic

feeling for the United States. "Does any man imagine that a brotherhood of affection, a community of interest, could bind that distant and solitary member of the

family in the far West to those held together by the firmest of political ties in the

East? The very name of the place is expressive of its poverty and sterility, for it

comes from ocegano, a word applied by the Spaniards to an herb resembling pennyroyal and growing near the coast."

To Mitchell of Tennessee the idea of settling Oregon was even more absurd.

He couldn't understand how any one would desire to "seek the inhospitable regions of Oregon, unless, indeed, he wishes to be a savage."The Rocky Mountains

formed our natural boundary on the west, and no man, even though he had "the most prolific mind,"could ever look forward to the day when our country with that boundary would be densely populated. "Not even within the reach of fancy

itself can the advocates of this bill point out the time when Oregon Territory will have to be organized."If any other nation wanted it, let that nation have it. "It

is a territory we ought not to inhabit and one I hope we never shall inhabit,"because it is too remote. "No sir, let those restless spirits who cannot be content to

cultivate their native soil, let such beings go to Oregon, but let them go at their own risk."These speeches were delivered before the Lower House of Congress on

December 29 and 30, 1828. Twenty years from that time a delegate was

sitting in the House of Representatives from the Territory of Oregon. A

little over forty years later the first transcontinental railroad was completed connecting the Pacific coast with the Atlantic.

Assignment of Lesson

Read Chapters IX, X, XI, XII in the Founding of Utah

These chapters will tell the reader how the "Mormon"people came to leave Nauvoo and begin their journey to the far West. The main points

to remember are:

Whitman's poem entitled The Pioneers; The Abandonment of Nauvoo;

The March Through Iowa and the Calling of the Mormon Battalion;

Winter Quarters; The Preparation to Move to the West; The First Company of Pioneers Under Brigham Young; The Journey to the Valley of

the Great Salt Lake.

PROPHECY AND HISTORY 1171

Then came the larger companies of 1847. Tell about some of them.

What did the pioneers bring with them over the plains? What kind of

people were they? What ideals did they have? For an example of how

the pioneers met their difficulties on the plains, tell the story of John R.

Young. 1. Have the members of the class obtain a story of some pioneer experiences

between the Missouri river and Salt Lake City.

2. Have pioneers come and relate their experiences to the class. In nearly

every town and city of Utah, are those who walked all the way from Council Bluffi to Utah. 3. Give as many reasons as you can why the Latterday Saints moved westward to the Great Basin.

4. Why were they successful in their journey?

5. Tell something of the life of Brigham Young and his companions, like

Orson Pratt, Erastus Snow, John Pack, Wilford Woodruff, and others. Read about

Brigham Young in the Era for July, 1923, page 818, and preceding volumes; also

June, 1924, pp. 78486. Give three reasons why he was a truly great man.

Larned says in his Study of Greatness in Men that, "there must be a great motive in what a man does; a great object and the use of great powers; and a great character behind action."Read "He Believed,"Young Woman's Journal, June 1924.

I Lesson V. Read Chapters XIII. XIV, XV and XVI

These chapters will tell you about the hand cart parties, irrigation and| how the vales of Utah were explored and colonized. Some very beautiful

verses from the Bible will give you the spirit of the pioneers as they colonized

Utah and developed irrigation. In Isaiah 35:1, 6 are these words:

"The wilderness and solitary place shall be glad for them; and the desert

shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose."* * *

"Then shall the lame man leap as an hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing:

for in the wilderness shall waters break out, and streams in the desert."

1. Tell the story of the hand cart migration. Why was it necessary to resort

to carts in order to get the people to Utah from the Missouri River? What were

some of the hardships endured?

2. How many people approximately crossed the plains in the hand cart

companies? 3. Why were the pioneers forced to practice irrigation? Who were the first

irrigators in America?

The following outline will help you to understand the history of the irrigation in this country:

Canals: In ancient America, irrigation practiced in the cultivation of crops.

Most important of these in the valley of the Gila river and its tributaries in southern Arizona. Here many miles of ditches; in some instances

extending ten miles from the stream from which the water was diverted.

Frank M. Cushing reports that the canals of the Gila Valley together with those of the Casa Grande ruins and other communities and

cities, demonstrate the fact that at one time a vast sedentary and agricultural population existed. Eleven main canals have been found; 135

miles actually traced. These capable of watering 100,000 acres of land.

Individual canals went for twentyfive miles. In Salt River Valley,

200,000 to 250,000 acres capable of being irrigated.

Some of the ancient ditches, 7 feet to 9 feet wide, 4 feet wide at bottom. At surface, 30 feet wide, both bottom and side carefully

plastered with clay to prevent seepage.

1172 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Remains of wooden head gates have been found. Great engineering skill shown in these canals.

Several of these canals have been utilized by the farmers and pioneers of Arizona. In one instance, a saving of from $20,000 to $25,000

to the "Mormon"pioneers. Near Mesa, a canal in an ancient volcanic

knoll for three miles. Used by the settlers. Many such ditches in the

valley of the Rio Verde.

Irrigation 1847:

The "Mormon"pioneers settled on City Creek, July 24, 1847.

The first irrigation by an advance company under Professor Orson Pratt.

First AngloSaxon irrigators, July 23. The beginning of a system that

has made the western fanner a competing force in the world's history.

Every one ploughing and sowing. Streams were protected and springs

developed. Canals run from the first, and the highest public utilities.

Headworks and dams constructed by cooperative labor. No money in

circulation. None needed. Lumbermen felled the trees and obtained

the lumber for flumes, gates, and bridges. Masons mixed the mortar

and prepared the rock. This method of associated industry necessary

for every colony in Utah; began by the farmers cooperating in tilling

the soil.

The village community became the unit around which were th:

farms. Laying out of Salt Lake City. Every man to be a landowner.

No man to monopolize land, and none to speculate.

Town sites always on some stream of water, for irrigation and culinary purposes. It was taught that if "agriculture in arid regions was

to be successful, there must be a small farm unit; diversified production;

intensely cultivated; and faithfully fertilized."Each man in Salt Lake

an acre and *4. For garden. A simple economic system. Labor to hi

man's capital.

The first year. Spring of 1847. Corn, wheat, potatoes, melons,

pumpkins, rye, barley, oats, buckwheat. Oats 60 bu. to one planted.

Parley P. Pratt writes: "I had a good harvest of wheat and rye without

irrigation."The gulls.

The Harvest Feast of 1848. After the harvest of 1849, no one

wanted breadstuffs for six years.

1850; 11,500 inhabitants in valley. 16,000 acres under cultivation; 120,711 bu. of grain raised; 45,000 bu. potatoes.

Two stanzas from the Irrigation Ode, by Mrs. Gilbert McClurg, will

show its spirit. The first stanza is "The Desert:"

Oh! Desert Land!

The land of the smiting sunglare, deep blue of the starpierced night.

Of rockpiles heights and chasms, awefraught to the dizzying sight.

Where the shadow ever chases the light of the blinding day

With purple and pink and crimson, opalescent and far away;

The candlesticks of the cactus flametorches here uphold!

Sunflower disks and feathery mustard spread fields of the cloth of gold.

The polished cups of amok are girded with spears of thorn they fade as they are born! When the desert wind arises,—and

The rainbowcolored spaces, wan and withered in a breath;

Bones of man and beast lie together, under miragemock of death!

Chorus Life of sky and sand awaking to prey when all is done:

Land of the desolate people, born of sirrocco and sun!

Oh! Desert Land!

PROPHECY AND HISTORY 1173

A subsequent stanza is "The Irrigated Region:"

Oh! Glorious land!

The land of homes for the homeless; the shepherded flocks and herds;

The land where the greenwalled thickets ane choral with songs of birds;

Where, over ancient furrows, silver streamlets are redrawn;

Where slopes, once arid, lie teeming with wealth of the vine and corn;

The land of sunny spaces, the land of leafy glades;

Of the faith that sees in the desert the promise of verdant blades,

Where fruits, purple, crimson and golden, roll forth from Plenty's horn.

Where souls of noble fealty, of diviner mood are born;

Where, on glimmering heights of future, gleam fair regenerate years,

Read in crystal chrism of water, the transparent globe of seers!

Chorus: In the garden grows the Tree of Life where Eden's rivers run.

Land of the worlddowered people, nurtured by water and sun!

Oh! Glorious land!

Lesson VI. Read: Chapters XVII, XVIII, XIX, XX

These chapters will be of special interest to the reader, as they deal with early day industrial life and how the towns and cities were founded.

Chapter XX tells about the organization of Utah Territory. President Young was insistent that the people become selfsustaining. In fact

this was absolutely necessary as they were a thousand miles from the confines of civilization. At first every little home was a centre of industry, for

as you will read, nearly every article of clothing and as well as the necessities for the house were manufactured by the family. This we call domestic

manufacturing. Later, the people would organize in groups and work

cooperatively to manufacture clothing, etc.

Discuss the following topics: Domestic manufacturing; President

Young's statement concerning home industry; cotton raising; grist and saw

mills; machinery for sugar manufacturing; the organization of the Deseret

Agricultural and Manufacturing Society; some of our earlyday merchants.

1. On the Fourth of July, 1869, a procession was held in Salt Lake City

which is described on page 200. What were some of the industrial organizations

represented?

2. Give something of the story of earlyday mining in southern Utah.

3. Why did President Young discourage mining in early days?

4. Do you think it was a wise decision?

5. Read in some of the magazines what the 'eminent writers have said about

Salt Lake City. (See Sccibner's Magazine for March, 19 24: Harper's Magazine,

for June, 1924.)

6. Tell the story of the settlement of Salt Lake City.

7. How was the city laid out and named?

8. What were some of the first public buildings? (The City Hall; the

Council House; the Social Hall; the Bowery and first Tabernacle.)

9. Where were these buildings? (The old city hall is still standing.)

10. President Young had in mind not only a city of homes, but he provided

for parks and play grounds. Every home was a garden, and every house wa\

surrounded with flower gardens. Sa'f Lake City has an individuality all its own.

Can you tell why?

11. Tell something about the history of other cities, like Fillmore, Ogden,

and Parowan. The old New England town government was the most democratic

that has ever been known. This same type of government was carried on in the

1174 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Utah towns. All the people took part in government and were free to express their

triews in meetings.

12. Tell briefly how Utah Territory came to be organized and named. Who

was the first Governor of Utah, and who appointed him? Why do you think the

people wanted statehood?

13. Why is a state government better than a territorial form of government?

It is interesting to note that the first law passed by the first Legislature of Utah was for the building and maintenance of roads and bridges; the

second law brought into existence was that pertaining to the University of

Utah, the first university west of the Missouri river. Turn to page 229 and

read the Memorial to Congress asking for $25,000 for a University. From

the beginning, the people took an active interest in education, and later you will read about the first public schools and something about our first school laws.

Up to You

It is right to be ambitious with a worthy aim in view

With desire strong to reach it, and a perseverance true;

For without determination to reach distant heights that lift

Far above his present level, man begins to shirk and drift.

He becomes in truth a laggard on the great highway of life,

Slothful, indolent, a loafer, in this busy age of strife;

Giving nothing to his fellows, human parasite, 'tis true,

Feeding on the strength of toilers, with no special task to do.

But, like other gifts, ambition, if it onward, upward lead,

Must be noble, true and holy, free from envy, hate and greed;

For to strive for place and power, with no sense of duty then

Would ignoble prove, nor blessing, but a curse unto all men.

So to prove ambition worthy, there's a safe and final test

Of the work your hand has finished, e'er your efforts will be blessed;

Sit alone and face it squarely, does it truly satisfy?

Are you not ashamed to own it, are you tempted to deny?

Not authorities, nor critics, not religion nor the law,

Can be judge of your true efforts, or can right decisions draw

But by you, yourself, the judgment must be rendered to be true,

For no other knows the motive, that has prompted you to do.

By that judgment and no other, you will truly live and try

For ambition to be worthy, you yourself must satisfy,

So its up to you the choosing, just the height you wish to gain;

Then keep pushing on and upward, and your work will ne'er be vain.

Mesa, Arizona IDA R. ALLDREDGE

MRS. ELIZABETH CLARIDGE McCUNE

Artist, Architect, Philanthropist: born, Feb. 19, 1852, LeightonBuzzard, England,

Bedfordshire; died Aug. 1, 1924, Salt Lake City. Utah

A TRIBUTE

By Susa Young Gates

All women love beauty. So do all men. The love of beauty

lies sleeping within the soul awaiting the call of parents, guardian, teacher or circumstance. The power to express in material terms,

that innate human reaction to beauty and harmony is given to but few favored mortals. Such are called artists by their admiring and

understanding fellows. The artist may handle clay, paints, words,

voice or music symbols, or brick and stone; may direct and inspire

others; may use as tools only such domestic factors as four walls,

selected furniture, and chosen viewpoints. If the artistic, creative

instinct is there, those who know how to see quickly, react to the surroundings, whether they be found in palace or cottage, on public platforms or private walls.

Given great wealth, which means unlimited opportunity for selfexpression, many beautylovers place their homemaking resources in the hands of paid artisans and go their way in more or less blind acceptance of the consequences. When a brave, yet unschooled, genius

1176 IMPROVEMENT ERA

possesses the riches of opportunity, and refuses to copy or allow others to spoil her own dreams, of words, of colors, or of marble, bricks, woods, draperies and furniture, the result may be a work of art, or it may only be a conglomerate assembling of inharmonious human selfexpression. At least, it will have personality gemmed

within its awkward or its lovely results to shine upon the eyes of those who have eyes to see and hearts to understand.

A real artist was Elizabeth C. McCune. She builded upon a

heavenkissing hill her dream of spacious rooms, shadowed vistas, and sweeping stairs. She used as her materials satins and tooled leathers,

woods laid down in rare South American forests for long months of seasoned worth; from Scottish, African and velvetsmoothed Italian

Carrara quarries, came marbles of rosebloom or pearlfinished; artists

from faroff eastern cities painted in her ceiled and panelled walls scenes from Sherwood forests and Watteau, figures frolicking in gay abandon; priceless weaves from Persian looms lay on the floors or

hung from archways; she gave her responsive young architect a liberal

education in the threeyear process. Given unlimited resources by her

princely husband, she used them to create a monument to harmony and gracious architectural loveliness. Mirrors from Germany made special

cars a necessity even for transportation, while Italy sent three marble statues of unusual choice. All of this became to her, like all creative

work does to those who once create, a task completed, an incident closed. She and her loved family enjoyed the home; until change,

the marriage of her children, travel and absence of her husband on his pressing New York business life, left her alone for long periods. Then

came removal to California.

Mrs. McCune was a philanthropist. Why should she leave such

a finished dream to be vacant and unused for long periods? In 1919,

the McCune home, as it was modestly called, was presented by its owners to the Church. The struggling Latterday Saints School of

Music was permitted to take over the milliondollar mansion, and here it houses eager pupils, gifted teachers, who study harmony of sound in an atmosphere of harmony of line and color. What a rare

tribute to creative power!

Mrs. McCune was a longtime Temple and a Genealogical Society worker; had been on the General Board Y. L. M. I. A., and

the Relief Society; she served on the State Agricultural College Board,

first as a member, then as vicepresident; she has attended women's

congresses, in Washington, New York, London and Rome. Her

inspiring words have been heard not only in these centers of learning and culture, but on the bleakest plains where pioneers made harsh beginnings; in the lowly homes of struggling women; in the tiny

meeting houses; as well as in the big tabernacle in Salt Lake City;

in all places she has aroused in her hearers the embers of righteousness, fanning into flame with her native eloquence and wit quick resolve and high purpose.

A TRIBUTE 1177

Nor did her public labors rob her home, her family, or her friends. To them all her endearing qualities gave abundant joy. With

all her wealth, possessions, and opportunities she was a Latterday

Saint to the core. She liked plain ways, plain speech, and plain life.

She not only loved to give, to share, she also craved human companionship, human sympathy and understanding. Her inherent dignity

and social grace were consistent with her simple modes of dress and manner. A sparkle of fun played on the surface of her natural

earnestness like phosphorescent sparkles in a great ship's path.

Her steadfast faithfulness to duty never prevented her from enjoying life, social or official, in all its modern manifestations. Refined by nature and cultured by her own training she has won her

place in public and private life through the influence of her own poised personality. To associate with her, intimately, was a precious

privilege.

THEIR MONEY MOON

By Caroline Westover

"I can't make it any different,"sighed Louise, as she laid down her fountain pen. "The coal is necessary, and, of course, we need

flour, so I can't get any money from that section."

Louise Gregory was a little woman of the "fluffy"type, who had kept her youthful vigor, even though she had been married ten years. She had taught the Domestic Art courses at the Granger high

school before she was married. It was at this time she had met Walter

Gregory, who was just starting his law practice. The future seemed

bright enough at the time, but as the years had passed little Walter,

Jr., and Mary, had come to bless their home and Louise's cares and

anxieties were increased. The modest income was stretched until it

had nearly reached the breaking point. Like all happy couples there

had been air castles and dreams of the future time when they would it hadown their own "modern home"and maybe a "fliv,"but finally been a dream of just home and maybe a secondhand car, but of late the dreams hadn't even been discussed.

On this particular day, Louise was working on her budget, scheming and planning over every cent as every homemaking wife does.

I can wait a little "Yes, Mary must have new shoes, and I—no,

longer for my new suit. If Walter's cases would only be paying

ones."She studied the row of figures and then got up with a look of mingled despair and disgust on her face.

"This will never do,"she scolded herself, "I waste more time on 1178 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that old budget than it deserves, and the living room needs dusting.

But all the polish is gone so it will be a dry dusting this time. I

wonder if every housewife has troubles like mine?"

While she went about her dusting, a frown grew on her face.

Her soft brown eyes were pensive in heavy thoughts, when allof-a- sudden she stopped. "I wonder if I could really do it? Oh, wouldn't

it be fun, and wouldn't Walt be surprised!"

Louise's face had undergone a wonderful change. With the smile

in her eyes and her chin squared with determination to accomplish something, she looked like her old self.

"Yes, I will try it. But if I do, I must go shopping immediately and get things started."

Louise hurriedly put on her little gingham street dress and started for the downtown shopping district. At the neighbor's she asked a

young girl to run over and look after the children until she returned.

At the department store she entered and, going to the dry goods department, she made a small purchase. Going to another store she

made another and soon she had her list of articles in her arms. Her

smile and determined attitude attracted the attention of more than one clerk that day.

When Walter, Sr., arrived at his home that evening he greeted

his wife with the usual, "How goes it, Kitten?"But his attention

was drawn to a new trick of Walter, Jr's., and he failed to notice the

bright color in his wife's cheeks or the note of excitement in her voice.

He adored his wife and kiddies and his every effort was made for them.

So many years of medium success in his profession had helped to dampen his youthful enthusiasm. What clients he had had was of

the middle working classes who could not afford to pay their lawyers "handsome prices."

That evening passed as usual, the children were put to bed,

Louise sat with her basket of weekly mending, her fingers kept busy but her eyes darted to the corner cupboard where the purchases of the day lay concealed. Walter was studying his law books, in hopes

that some day he could use his knowledge and advance himself by his own merits in the estimation of the public.

The next day after the morning duties were over, and the children at play on the front porch, Louise took her packages from their hiding place. She snipped and sewed all morning, working in feverish haste. That afternoon she had as a result a neat pile of cylindrical

bundles. From each came a pleasing odor that one always associates

with dustless rooms. Louise surveyed her work with illconcealed

pride, then slipped them all into her shopping bag. She was looking forward with keen appreciation for the next day.

Tom Pierce, manager of the fiveand-tencent notion store was known as the "cub bear,"grizzlylooking but harmless. He was a

THEIR MONEY MOON 1179

roughspoken man, but those who knew him well enough to call him "Tom"could see the gentle smile in his eyes that belied the sterner expression of his mouth. He had made the reputation of being

a square man; he expected the best and gave the best always.

This particular morning he was engaged in checking up some of his secretary's reports. They weren't satisfactory, it was apparent, as

a deep wrinkle appeared over'his eyes. The door was opened and the

office boy announced, "Lady to see you, sir."

"I told you that I wasn't to be disturbed this morning."

"I know, sir, but she insists that her business is very important."

"O, very well,"resignedly, "show her up in a hurry."

It wasn't a minute before Louise entered looking very prim and fresh in her gingham dress.

"Please be brief, madam. I have no time to spare on unimportant details,"all but growled Mr. Pierce.

"Yes, sir, I will, as this is a busy season for housewives as well as merchants,"she smiled at him.

"Yes, yes, but what has that got to do with this interview?

Please proceed on your business."

"Oh, but that is the main point in my argument,"she insisted.

"You see this is the spring cleaning season and I have something here that I should like you to introduce in one of your departments and sell for me."

She opened her bag and emptied the contents of sweet smelling bundles on the desk in front of him.

He looked at the scattered bundles in perplexed silence. She

continued, "These are articles that housewives will use in limitless we show them their need for it, and the economy innumbers—if

buying them. The only two things that can convince any woman

and make her a steady customer. I believe we can do all this."

A smile appeared in his eye, he was amused at her audacity in using the term "we."He waved his hand as a signal for her to

continue. "When a housewife starts cleaning, as a general thing she gets so far and finds she has forgotten something. Generally it's either

varnish or polish or something suitable for some special article.

These bundles contain sanitary dust cloths, a good size with plenty of good standard polish on each to shine a roomful of furniture, and they can be sold cheap enough so any housewife can afford a clean one for each room."

"But, I don't think I'll be able to handle them for you. I

wouldn't be able to sell more than fifty in a week. That wouldn't

justify the bother, there would be no profit for you or myself to amount to much."

Louise hesitated a moment, then asked timidly,'"Have you an advertising manager?"

118', IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Yes.""Couldn't he do something to increase sales? Oh, please try. If

you only knew how much it means to me to make a success of this."

Louise looked at him pleadingly.

"Well, I'll see,"he said not unkindly. He touched the bell button and when the office boy opened the door he said, "Tell Grayson

to come here immediately."

It wasn't many moments until young Grayson appeared.

"Now tell him what you have told me,"said Mr. Pierce.

Again Louise told him her point of view concerning the little bundles. Grayson listened attentively then slapped his knee with

enthusiasm.

"Oh, boy, but I could make a stunning adv. on that, using her

forgetful housewife idea. Why we could make a special day of it

to begin with. We could sell thousands."

Louise's face lighted up again, "In that case I would have to work a week to get ready for the first sale."She laughed a little.

"Oh, say you will try it, Mr. Pierce."

"Sure, sure,"he said, "we will give it a trial a week from

Monday. That will give you plenty of time to prepare."

Louise could only nod dumbly as she gathered up her belongings. "Thank you,"was all she could say as she hurriedly left.

She ordered her material, then hurried home to put it out of sight before Walter, Sr came home.

The week preceding the Monday sale was a busy one for Louise.

She was so busy and so interested that her little home showed signs of neglect which was very unusual. One evening as Walter, Sr., was

glancing through the evening paper before starting his studying, he remarked carelessly, "Going to be another big sale at the Notion store.

Prepared Dustless Dusters for the women who forget. Keep them on

hand, it says. Huh! We sure need some around here. I could write

my name on any chair in this room right now. Better get some,

Kitten, they seem to be cheap, too."

He didn't see the startled look that came to her face, but it changed into a queer little smile and she said nothing.

Finally the big day came. Louise had gone to town on Saturday to make arrangements to have her week's work taken down. On

all sides signs met her eyes. "The Wonderful Dustless Dusters."

"You can't afford to waste time; buy Dustless Dusters.""Keep the

family happy with Dustless Dusters."As she hurried along she filled

with excitement.

"If they would only sell as Grayson suggested I wouldn't need to worry so much over that old budget."

Monday evening when Walter, Sr., came home there was something unusual in the bright smile on his face. He kissed his wife in

the old happy way as he explained his joyousness.

THEIR MONEY MOON 1181

"My big case has come at last, Kitten, and the future starts to look brighter."

"What do you mean?"asked Louise cautiously.

"You know the big sale that came off today. It was some sale,

I'll say. The walks were lined with women waiting for a turn at

those Dustless Dusters. The little boy of A. T. Welton's was running across the street when a car knocked him down. I happened to

be passing and stopped to see the cause of the excitement. The boy

was quite seriously hurt, but the driver didn't stop the car. Of

course, there will be a case, maylbe a big one and as luck would have it, I was there and Mrs. W. made an appointment for me to see her

husband about the case. I went to his office and he turned it over

to me.""Who knows but what it may be the means of your getting some of the bigger cases here, or may even lead to a permanent position as district attorney. Mr. Welton is such an influential man,"

Louise responded heartily.

"And all on account of those Dustless Dusters. I'll warrant

Tom Pierce took in a goodly sum of money today. It has been the

cause of our good fortune, too. Why, what's wrong. now, Louise?"

Louise had sat down and was laughing hysterically. A knock

sounded at the door and Mr. Thomas Pierce entered. When he saw

Walt he stretched out his hand.

"Mr. Gregory, I wish to congratulate you on having one of the

cleverest, pluckiest little women for a wife that I have ever met. I

have brought her a check for one hundred dollars for the Dustless

Dusters we sold for her, and I want her to sign a contract to make more and for us exclusively. If you have any more such inspirations

come to me and I will give you my support."

He handed Louise the check and with a friendly "good day"was gone leaving Walter stunned with surprise. Taking his wife

again into his arms, he said, "I didn't know I had such a clever little wife. From all indications it appears that our Money Moon has

started to shine at last, dear, and our dreams may come true yet."

"Yes Walter, but it has been the spirit of unselfish love and work that has caused it to shine."

Provo, Utah

Index for Volume 27

For those of our subscribers who desire to bind the Improvement

Era, Volume 27, closing with this number, we have prepared an elaborate index which will be sent free upon application to all who apply. Send a postal card giving your name and address.

Editors (Table

The Right Attitude

The value of the gospel lies in its giving us the right attitude towards life. It affords us a broad vision and unfolds the future.

It places what we ordinarily consider big, everyday problems in their relative position in the scheme of things, and gives us a clear view of greater ones. Apparently big problems thus become smaller and of

less value than the really greatest salvation of our souls. problem—the

Some of us are inclined to regard what we do in the work of the world as of more importance than our own souls. We often put aside

the great purposes to obtain possession of the small objects of life.

We miss the right attitude. Eternal life is the greatest gift of God

to man. But instead of living so that we may gain eternal life, often

in the hurlyburly of the daily grind, we cease thinking about our own immortality and look to the temporal works of our own little day as of greater consequence than our own souls. We argue that to make

this end or that end, the immediate results of our daily tasks are first and foremost, and frequently these prevent us from living so that we may gain the big reward of temporal life. existence—eternal

What is eternal life? The Lord Jesus answered the question:

"And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent."It behooves us to think

a little more seriously upon this declaration of the Christ when we are engaged in our arduous daily tasks. For the thought will lighten

their humdrum and give rest to those who labor and are heavy laden.

How shall we know God? Again the Scriptures are plain:

Ask to know him. That is very simple and as little as one can do.

The young people of the Church have pointed out the way in the slogan: "We stand for divine guidance through individual and

family prayer."One must have faith in God, however, to ask. Jesus

declared: "All things whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer, believing, ye

shall receive."Let us go, therefore, to God in the name of Jesus

Christ, believing that he is, and that he is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him, and if we do this the promise is: "Whatsoever

things ye desire, ye shall have them."That is a direct and emphatic

promise; let us have faith to try.

If we ask in faith to know God he will surely ere long manifest himself unto us. Once having learned to know him, we will delight in keeping his commandments and doing his will. We are then

engaged in the works of righteousness. This will bring peace to us

in this world and eternal life in the world to come. It will place the

EDITORS'TABLE 1183

mind in the right attitude and cause the person to look with greater interest, and to place more importance, upon the essentials that lead to immortality and the salvation of his soul than upon the petty temporalities of daily toil in which he reaches out only for the speedily passing things of the world: "Let us, therefore, come boldly unto

the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help at the time of need."—A.

A Praiseworthy Achievement

The slogan, "We stand for a sacred Sabbath and a weekly half holiday,"was adopted by the M. I. A. ten years ago, and all the

organizations and communities who have practiced it have obtained splendid results and benefits therefrom.

A striking illustration comes from Brigham City, in a report of the recent victory of the Brigham City baseball team, who won the first place in the Intermountain Baseball Tournament held at

Ogden,, Utah, August 27 to September 2.

At this tournament there were fourteen teams entered, teams which were among the best in Utah, Idaho, Wyoming and California.

The Brigham City team, made up of local boys, met and defeated the Evanston team on the first day with a score of 7-6. In the second

round they defeated the Malad team, 8-3. The third game was played

with the Tremonton team, and the Brigham boys won with a score of 8-0.

The Sacramento team was picked at the start to win the tournament, but the "Brigham Peaches"delivered the goods 4-1. This

Brigham team is made up of the following: C. C. Watkins, catcher

and manager; Lloyd Keller, Jess Keller, D. K. Murphy, Dewey Sorenson, pitchers: Ott Williams, F. B.; A. H. Archibald, S. B.; Earl Facer,

S. S.; Howard Eliason, T. B.; Hal Egbert, Norm Watkins, J. Varney

and Karl Ward, outfielders.

These boys, we are told, through consistent work and a fine pitching staff, had no trouble after the first game in taking first place, winning a prize of $750, a silver cup, and a gold baseball for each player. The success of the "Brigham Peaches"speaks well for a

local team that has played all summer together without a salary and with poor support from the public.

We are informed, furthermore, that Brigham City has heretofore paid as high as $3,000 per month for imported players and in some cases men without much character. This summer the above named

boys, born and reared of goodly parents in that part of the state, have demonstrated that they can do things, and have besides provided a better environment for the national game. At the same time they

have kept Brigham City free from Sunday ball playing. That is a

1184 IMPROVEMENT ERA

splendid recommend and a wonderful performance which the boys in other towns of Utah and the surrounding states may well pattern after. Why not, as they have done, make good with the M. I. A. slogan:

"We stand for a sacred Sabbath and a weekly half holiday,"and thus support the national game and our local talent? The praiseworthy

achievement of the Brigham City boys is a guarantee that it can be done, and well done.—A.

Love The Remedy Look at the glory of a rosepink sunrise; listen to the little birds

waking and calling to their mates; watch the leaves moving and

flashing their dew diamonds; notice the misty gray cloud shadows

tempering the glare of the midday sun. Any of the thousand magic

performances of Nature will banish the bad taste from your brain with only the slightest effort on your part. When once your brain

is swept clean, it lies wholly within yourself to keep it clean.

When one loves, one works. When one works, one is happy.

When one is happy, one has charity. When one has love and happiness and charity, there are no empty rooms in the brain for the

storage of a bad C. Retsloff, San Diego, Calif. taste.—D.

Day and Night Friends are the sunlight of your earth.

They bless your harvest wheat,

Your marygolds and hollyhocks And things that people eat;

Make jewels flash, light dusty roads,

Show cobwebs, gates, and bars;

While solitude hides all these things

And shows you just the stars.

Anna Musser.

Reverie Alone with my dreams in the afterglow

Of a golden sunset by the sea;

And the evening wind that whispers low

Sweetens the song of my memory.

A home in the hills, where the fragrant pines

Soothe the dying day with their lullaby,

A radiant youth whose heart divines

The love of a maid in her downcast eye.

A lover's kiss and a plighted vow,

With a star for a witness overhead

Ah, sad is the song of the sea wind now,

For I dream alone of a dream that's dead.

Price, Utah. LEO W. ALLEN.

.

cJHutual Work

First Ward Brigham Achieves Honor

The First ward of Brigham City remitted for thirtyone annual subscribers for the Improvement Era for Volume 28, the remittance and list of subscribers arriving at the office on September 15. The First ward

Y. M. M. I. A. of Brigham City, Utah, with a population of 608, thus

becomes the first ward in the Church to make payment in advance for the required number of subscriptions. There is a prospect of several more

subscriptions to be obtained for this year. We congratulated the officers

of the Y. M. M. I. A. upon this achievement, and trust that there will be

many wards in the Church that will promptly follow their example. Thank

you. Their action is highly appreciated by the General Board and by

the editors and management of the Improvement Era.

The Scouts and the Church It is designed that every scout in a Church troop shall regard his scout program as a service and privilege coming to him from his Church, as well as through service for which he owes a debt of loyalty to the Church. it,—a

The scout program is not without the religious element. It stresses

the importance of religion, and it will insist that every scout shall have his religious life cared for. There is only one way to do this, in a movement

which embraces all is to place the responsibility on each religions,—that

religious group to care for the religious education of its own boy scouts.

The failure of Church troops to function to the satisfaction of Church leaders may be traced to very definite causes:

1 Failure to give careful attention to selection of scout leaders.

2. Scoutmasters who have no relation to the inside Church program

3. Inactive troop committee who permit the scoutmaster to carry on

as he pleases, even though in conflict with the Church program of religious education. 4. Starting off with a large group of boys which no one could control. The undisciplined group soon degenerates into a worse group and

breaks up the furnishings. with eight to ten boys, train (Caution—begin

thoroughly, expand slowly.)

5. Appropriating the troop meeting room for other purposes.

6. Neglect of the outdoor program.

7. Failure to tie up the troop "good turn"to the Church program

of service in the community.

Why Honor Father and Mother?

The Granite stake M. I. A. convention, evening session, was held in

the Richards ward meetinghouse on Sunday, August 31, 1924. In presenting the slogan, Elder George H. Budd gave ten reasons why Latterday

Saints should honor their fathers and mothers. After having repeated the

slogan: "We stand for the commandment: Honor thy father and thy

mother,"he read the ten reasons as follows:

First, Because I am indebted to them for life with its great possibilities.

Second, Because in consequence of their sacrifices and sufferings, opportunity for expansion in mortality has come to me.

Third. Because, by and through their loving kindness, all mortal joy has been

increased and all mortal suffering has been relieved.

1186 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Four. Because father and mother stand as the connecting link between the

mortal and spiritual of me.

Fifth. Because their love lives when all else dies and I am left alone, except

for the undying love of father and mother.

Sixth. Because without them mortality would not have been, and eternity with

all its glory would have been denied me.

Seventh. Because the purity of their lives gave me a sound body and pure

blood, in consequence of which I have escaped many of the ills common to humanity.

Eighth. Because the faith they have had in God has inspired in me a desire

to know God.

Ninth. Because their devotion to principle and truth has awakened in my soul

a determination to stand by and live for that which is true and if necessary to die for principle.

Tenth. Because through their obedience to the gospel I have been born heir

to the Priesthood, with all its powers and privileges, the greatest blessing that could come to me in life.

"Shinny, "The Favorite Sport of Uintah Indian

Women

(See Frontispiece for Illustration) "Squaw Shinny"it's called by some of the whites, to distinguish this outdoor pastime of Indian women. But it is just the old game of "shinny,"

familiar to all who ever swung a crooked stick at a ball or a tomato can.

At Ft. Duchesne, during the recent Industrial Convention, a game of

"Squaw Shinny"attracted a great deal of attention and for an hour furnished a crowd of more than two thousand whites with rare entertainment, not to say amusement.

Without removing even their shawls, these women entered into the spirit of the game with a vim suggesting that they not only know the game but get a real "kick"out of playing it.

It was a surprise to many spectators to see with what agility the players moved about the field, running and swinging their shinny sticks with startling accuracy.

There was some talking, too, but of course what was said remains a secret to most spectators. Perhaps, the "squaws"were calling signals!

As for smiles, there were plenty of them, showing that Indians are not always the staid, emotionless folk they are ordinarily believed to be.

P. V. Cordon.

The M. I. A. Band and Orchestra

The Y. M. M. I. A. of Granite stake, prior to the recent division of

the stake, at the May officers meeting, decided to organize a band and orchestra, so the organization embraces both Grant and Granite stake and there are some members who live in Liberty stake. It was decided not to

have boundary lines, but to take in any and all boys who applied for membership regardless of the ward or stake to which they belonged and nonmembers of the Church were welcomed into the organization. The band

started with 67 members, and has grown now to 265 members, including band and orchestra, and many new members are coming in at the present time.

George H. Budd was chosen president, Arnold Bergener band master, and

Walter Burgener, orchestra leader.

In June the membership grew to 150 and reached its present number early in July. A few of the members had previous musical instruction, but

most of them were raw recruits, and the progress they have made is little short of marvelous. At Granite stake annual excursion to Lagoon the

o n

a o 1188 IMPROVEMENT ERA

band made its first public appearance and were received with much enthusiasm.

The Bamberger Railroad Company and the Lagoon resort people furnished transportation, and the M. I. A. gave the members a spread that made their

hearts rejoice.

The band has also given two openair concerts at Sugar House Park where hundreds of people gathered and cheered.

At the State Capitol on Sunday, August 10, an open air concert was given and the grounds were filled with people and many expressed themselves as surprised that an organization so recently brought into existence, and especially made up of children of such tender years, and without previous training, could produce music so acceptable.

A number of state officials, stake and General M. I. A. Board members

who have gone out of their way to attend some of these concerts on practice nights have gone on record as boosters for this enterprise and have expressed themselves as convinced that it is one of the greatest movements yet started among boys and girls of the M. I. A.

The organization is to be permanent, it has definite aims, has been enthusiastically received by the bishops of wards where headquarters for the several divisions have been established and much good is expected to result both to the wards and the stakes.

Fathers and Sons Take Outing On August 5, a company of about sixty, consisting principally of boys between the ages of seven and fifteen, started from Blanding, on horses and in wagons for the Blue Mountain on a "Fathers and Sons'Outing."

Ward president of the Y. M. M. I. A., George Hurst, had the business in

charge, and was ably assisted by Scout Master Philip Hurst. Various companies started at different hours of the forenoon and climbed by four routes

to the mountain, assembling at Jackson's Camp at four in the afternoon. The

camping place was still three or four miles away on a summit of the mountain, and to be reached by hard climbing. The pack outfits stood ready to

go, but the fourhorse loads of three wagons had to be lashed on the backs of the work horses, and a man or boy had to ride on top of each pack supporting a grubbox in front of him. Following the trails made by the

Forest Service, they climbed to the sharp backbone between the Johnson creek and the Indian creek water sheds, and headed westward, with dark depth of forest on the steep slopes down from them to the north, and waving grass on the steep slopes to the south.

They stopped at Ducket's mine, on the edge of a great grove of spruce trees, hobbling the horses in tall grass near by. Away below in the prairie

to the south, they could distinguish the town of Blanding, surrounded by its checkerboard of fields. From their campfires they discovered what appeared to be a constellation of stars below the skyline, but it was the streetlights of the home town. On the 6th they hiked to the high peaks on the

west end of the mountain, getting a wonderful view of the naked regions along the course of the Colorado river, and looking over hazy stretches of territory in Utah, Arizona, New Mexico and Colorado. Below them on the

west yawned Canyon Twerto, from which bears come up every summer hunting ripe berries, but also working destruction among herds of sheep, and inspiring terror in the hearts of the Mexican herders who make their camps on the distant peaks and in places of safety far from where they tend their flocks in the daylight. Roy Mussleman caught three of these creatures,

in 1923, but his wolf traps could not hold them, and they are still at large.

Returning from the hike early in the afternoon, old and young joined in different games till after supper, when they collected around one big fire and Richard W. McAllister led in special songs, and Stake President Wayne

MUTUAL WORK 1189

H. Redd, and one of his counselors, told the boys stories about early days

in San Juan.

After breakfast on the morning of the 7th all hands returned to Jackson's Camp where by special arrangement they went through the stamp mill while it was running, and then up to watch the miners work in the gold mines in the mountain side above it. After dinner they headed down the

country for Blanding, and their enthusiastic yells in the streets announced their arrival in the early evening. The fathers, too, were enthusiastic, and

fully convinced that men who send their sons on an outing instead of going with them, are making a mistake, and missing a great opportunity. Albert

R. Lyman, Blanding, Utah.

A Fourteen Mile Hike to the Grandaddy Lakes

It is only a few years since we first heard about the Grandaddy lakes, in the Uintah mountains. We had heard that parties made pack train trips

there every summer, but could get no detailed information from anyone we knew. Late one afternoon in June, my father, brother and myself, started

First View of Grandaddy Lake Basin

for as near as we could get to the head of the Provo River, with our

Ford bug, a region close to the Grandaddy lakes. Above Woodland we came

to Pine Valley. Here we left the river and followed a good road up South

Fork and towards the east.

From a sheepherder we learned that this road led up over the divide and down Wolf Creek canyon. White patches of snow could be faintly

seen under the black forest on the hillsides. We traveled several miles

before we could find, in the dark, a level place large enough for our beds and a fire. While eating supper we received our first information about the

lakes. Two men with a lantern from a nearby sawmill, came over for a

visit. They told us how to reach Savage's ranch, the starting place for the

pack trains. They concluded the distance was a "darned long"seven miles.

We meant to hike those seven miles on the morrow, to see those beautiful lakes, two miles in height.

Arriving at Savage's ranch about eight a. m., we soon found it was

to be harder than the fourteen mile hike we had made as boy scouts. By

i

P3gp

We Saw the First Lily Pads on this Lake nine o'clock we were ready to start. We left the heavy view camera and

took the little No. 1, special, instead. One carried the camera, the other

the vasculum containing the luncheon, to be used in return to carry botanical specimens. We were indeed traveling light. Mr.

Savage was still skeptical about our making it after starting so late, but we were fairly sure. Scarcely had we left camp when a large ruffed grouse

rushed off the trail into the brush but immediately came back feigning broken wings, legs, etc. We could hear her brood scurrying off in the opposite

direction to which she was trying to lead us. A little farther up on the

dusty trail were the footprints of a half grown bear. Spruce, here, began replacing the aspen and Cottonwood as we mounted higher, another splendid

example of the short distances you have to travel upward in the mountains to pass through several life zones.

About half way up we came to the first bridge that crosses the creek.

It was such a pretty spot that I stopped to get a photograph, climbing over logs and large bare stretches of solid rock under tall slender spruce, we came to two small lakes. Here we could see the rim of the basin. Then it was a

dash to see who would get the first view. And I shall never forget

the thrill I received at the first sight of those bright, blue lakes set amidst the dark forest of Englemann Spruce. We were at an altitude of

considerably over ten thousand feet, which made us short winded, but we were soon ready to make the descent into the basin.

Establishing ourselves on some rocks at the edge of the largest lake, we disposed of our lunch. After an hour of resting and fighting mosquitos

we were ready to explore for pictures, flowers and adventure. We next

visited the lake that the forest serivce has named Island Lake. Here Lynn

obtained two good photographs of the lake island, and several peaks in the distance. We had heard that there were water lilies in the basin and we were

looking for them. As they req ire quiet and shallow water we looked

for the smaller lakes. A few hundred yards from the first lake visited, we

found another shallow lake, in the center of a very wide margin of thick springy moss. We had found, probably, the only place in our state where

the lilies grow. While digging a few of the lily roots we scared out hundreds of salamanders along the shore. Some of them we could see with their

heads shoved into the mud, thinking, if salamanders think, that they were

MUTUAL WORK 1191

hidden from view. All we had to do was carefully reach down and grasp

them firmly about the body and throw them out on the bank.

Returning to the trail we finished gathering our flower specimens.

The basin is in such a highlife zone that the variety of plant life is limited.

The Engelmann Spruce is the only tree or shrub that we found. By far

the most common flower was the Dogtooth Violet (Erythronium pacviflorum) and the Marsh Marygold (Caltha rotundifolia). There were many

that have no common names and some that are not found in the Wasatch mountains.

On the way back to camp we continued to gather flowers and look at trees. It was still early when we reached the ranch. We had made the

fourteen mile hike in eight hours and had spent three hours exploring the lakes. Father was satisfied and Mr. Savage admitted that it was as good

as his horses do. That night, after two hours of fishing, we pulled up the

blankets over our tired limbs, satisfied with our accomplishment of the day. Homer Wakefield, Asst. Scoutmaster, Troop 6, Provo, Utah.

Parowan Stake Fathers and Sons'Outing

A Glorious Success One hundred twentyfive fathers and sons left Cedar City for the Duck

Creek camping ground, Monday morning, July 14, to enjoy the most successful outing ever held in Parowan stake, under the direction of the Y. M. M.

I. A. When all the cars were parked it gave the appearance of a small city.

Many hikes were taken and numerous points visited, namely, the Ice Cave,

Strawberry Point, Duck Creek, Cedar Breaks, and Navajo Lake. Baseball

games furnished much entertainment for the fathers and sons. However, the sons were worsted by the fathers. Each evening a campfire program was enjoyed, with singing, speeches, and games. Among them were

"Personal experiences with the bear"by Alex G. Matheson; quartette singing under direction of Bishop Elias M. Corry and talks by Leonard Sargent

on "Beauties of Utah"and "See Utah first."

The Panguitch stake people joined them the last evening—

furnished part of the program. The numbers given will long remain in—and 148 strong

the memories of those present. The next day two very exciting baseball

games were played, one between the fathers of Panguitch and Cedar, in which

Cedar won, 1716. The other between the scouts of these two places, the

score being tied, 2525.

Everyone enjoyed himself to the utmost, and many fathers formed a companionship with their boys that is not so prevalent in home life. Under

the supervision of Mr. Oliver Jensen, the camp director, Supervisor Mace,

and the scoutmasters, the camp was well disciplined, and good sportsmanship prevailed throughout. At sunrise each morning an impressive flag ceremony was held. Ideas for next year's outing are already being worked out,

and it is thought to have Kanab, St. George, Panguitch, and Parowan stakes

join in one big outing. Everyone present at this outing is determined not

to miss it next from report of /. E. Riddle, Cedar City, year.—Condensed

Utah.

Boise Stake Outing At Lake Lowell, on July 1619, the Boise stake fathers and sons heid their annual outing which was pronounced "the best yet."We quote from

the M. I. A. Bulletin, published by the Boise Mutuals: "Two whole days,

with the preceding evening and following morning thrown in for good measure, were consumed in funmaking between father and son."A hotly

contested baseball game between fathers and sons was played in the morning of the first day in which the former won, 1211. The afternoon was spent

in swimming, fishing, boxing, horseshoe pitching and group games. "At

Placing food in the Haangi—Fathers and Sons', Boise

6 o'clock came the 'haangi.'Shortly after three o'clock some 45 chickens,

34 dozen ears of corn and 70 pounds of potatoes, were placed in a rocklined hole (the rocks previously heated) covered with clean white cloths, then burlap, and then buried under about six inches of dirt. When opened

they were done to a turn. Such tender chickens were never produced before!

And only once since—the day following. This event was highly appreciated,

and when 'Chef Bates had instructed and led a number of boys in theMaori 'bring on the victims'-harangue and dance—'haka'the appetites were

keen."Then after appropriate flag ceremony the evening program commenced which consisted of songs, stories, instrumental numbers and stunts. The second day's program was practically similar to the first.

Frank Praetor directed the activities and sports; Chas. Gambling and

Chas. Borup, the evening programs; while Fred Dalton and O. M. Bates,

with Frank Kloepfer's culinary artistry, provided for the inner man.

M. I. A. Conferences in the California Mission

A series of eight conferences have been completed in the California mission. One session of each of these conferences was conducted by either

Superintendent Joseph G. Jeppson, of the California Mission Y. M. M. I. A.,

or President Lydia A Ekins of the California Mission Y. L. M. I. A. Sessions were held as follows: Arizona, April 27, San Bernardino, on May

17 Sacramento, May 24, Nevada, May 31, San Diego, June 21, Long

Beach, July 12. In each case the program was outlined from the office in

Los Angeles and prepared by the M. I. A. organizations represented at these

meetings. The program consisted generally of reports of each organization,

musical numbers furnished by the M. I. A., and talks on M. I. A. work

from the local workers and also the visiting mission M. I. A. officers. At

each conference, auxiliary officers and teachers'meetings were held by the mission auxiliary leaders, and instructions were given for the next six months'work, at the end of which the visits will be repeated.

About twentyeight organizations of the M. I. A. were reached in these

meetings through their representatives, and most of them received a visit at which an officers and teachers'meeting was held during the week prior or succeeding these conference sessions.

Each M. I. A. worked hard to prepare for these meetings. We feel

that with these opportunities for instruction and effort put forth by each organization there will be a new interest and enthusiasm displayed during the next M. I. A. year, in this mission Superintendent Joseph G. Jeppson.

Mrs. Ferguson for governor is the choice of the Democrats of Texas.

Her nomination is a great victory for the antiklan element.

War was declared, Sept. 7, by General Chang TsoLin, of Manchuria,

aginst the Pekin government and Gen. WuPei-Fu, the military director of

the province of Chi Li. It is feared that the conflict will be long and

sanguinary.

Lightning flashes on Mars, or what was thought to be such flashes, were observed at the observatory on the Jungfrau in Switzerland, Aug. 24.

Previous observations concerning the existence of water and atmosphere were also confirmed.

Five liners arrived in New York, all battered in a hurricane which swept the Atlantic coast on Aug. 26. The Arabic had more than 50 persons

injured. Captain J. Madsen, of the Danish steamer Nordfarer, was reported

as lost, having been washed overboard from the bridge.

The United States is invited to participate in the disarmament deliberations of the League of Nations commission which is to be appointed by the League Assembly. The invitation is the logical outcome of the

American participation in the preliminary study of the League of a convention for the control of traffic in arms. The invitation was declined.

The U. S. roundthe-world fliers arrived in Washington, D. C, Sept.

10, after a flight of 220 miles, from New York. President Coolidge greeted

them. He saw in their journey "a new record of achievement in the domain

of aviation,"and he recognized that it was their skill, perseverance, and courage that brought the great honor to this country.

Mobilization day was observed in Salt Lake City and all over Utah, as in all the states, by an evening parade and display of military insignia, and by speeches. Thousands lined the streets, watching the various groups pass by.

Very little enthusiasm was evident among the spectators, but the ocassion demonstrated that Utah is always ready at the call of the government.

Locatelli, the Italian aviator, was rescued, Aug. 24, by the U. S.

crusier Richmond in the Atlantic, after having been tossed about for eightytwo hours. Locatelli, with three companions, left Reykjavik in company

with the American roundthe-world fliers, to accompany them to Greenland, but owing to engine trouble he was compelled to light on the water.

The Italian government promptly expressed its gratitude to the U. S. government for the search instituted for the missing men and the rescue.

Hebrew has now been made one of three official languages in Palestine, the other two being English and Arabic. The Palestine Weekly of Aug. 1

says 95 percent of the 120,000 Jews in the country now speak Hebrew in social, commercial and official intercourse, and a daily is printed in that ancient, venerable language in Jerusalem and has a circulation of between six and seven thousand. Hebrew has for two thousand years been a "dead"

language. Its resurrection is but one indication of the dawning of the day

of the resurrection of the Jewish nation.

Warships were being hurried to Shanghai, on account of the civil war in China, and the United States, Great Britain, France and Japan on Sept.

3, advised the foreign office of the Chinese government that no naval battle must be fought in the Shanghai harbor. At the same time the diplomats

1194 IMPROVEMENT ERA

assured China, that their governments were not interfering in the affairs of that country. In the first battle between the two provinces Kiangsu

and Chekiang, which was fought Sept. 3, 500 were reported killed and over

1,000 wounded.

Dr. Hubert Samuel Pyne passed away at Provo, Aug. 15. after a

brief illness caused by pneumonia. He was born in Dereham, Norfolk,

England, February -12, 1862. In 1873 the family came to Utah, settling in Provo. After having engaged in the drug business for nine years

he entered the George Washington university, Washington, D. C, from

which institution he was graduated in 1908 with an M. D. degree. In

church affairs Dr. Pyne was active, and at the time of his death was a

member of the bishopric of the Provo Fourth ward.

Mrs. Anna Helena Anderson, at 262 South Second East Street, Salt

Lake City, celebrated her 100th birthday, Sept. 8. She had many callers

who congratulated her. Among these were Bishop Heber K. Aldous and his

counselor, Elder Jack, and Mrs. Beatty of the 1213 Ward Relief Society.

Some of her young Swedish friends serenaded her in the evening. Mrs.

Anderson was born in Jonkoping, Sweden, Sept. 8, 1824, and was baptized

there, May 16, 1865. For some years she livel in Gothenburg, where

she was especially interested in Relief Society work. She came to Utah

in 1886.

The Fifth Assembly of the League of Nations opened at Geneva Sept.

1. The vast interest in the gathering was evidenced by the messages that

were brought by delegates from all parts of the world, including the United

States. From every nation came demand that something be done to secure

peace. Former president Motta of Switzerland was elected president.

In his speech of acceptance he said the peace of the world hinges on compulsory arbitration. The prime minister of Great Britain, Mr. MacDonald, and the French premier, M. Heriot, arrived at Geneva, Sept. 3,

where they were greeted with great enthusiasm. Their attendance is giving

immense strength to the League.

The town of Bingham, Utah's famous minig camp, was threatened with destruction by fire, Aug. 17. Six families were made homeless and

twelve places of business were destroyed before the fire was controlled. The

damage was estimated at $100,000. Two volunteer firemen were killed

and one seriously injured by a falling wall. The killed are: Tommy

Price and Harold Anderson, employes of the copper company. The fire

originated at about 1:45 a. m. in the lower part of the business district,

breaking out in the basement of the Bougard butcher shop, where a large electric ammonia refrigerating plant was in operation. A defective fuse is

thought to have been the direct cause.

Alfred Best died, Sept. 8, at his home in Salt Lake City, after an illness

of only six days. He was a well known tenor soloist, and a teacher of

music, of more than average talent. Mr. Best was a native of Salt Lake,

born February 12, 1877, the son of Alfred and Eliza (Conk) Best. His

early education was received in the Salt Lake schools, and while yet a youth he went to New York City and studied voice under Frank G. Dossert.

A few years later he went to Germany, taking work under George Ferguson and Carl Mueller, his vocal talents being recognized to such a degree that

Mueller, who was director of the Wagnerian festivities at Baireuth, engaged him before the American tenor entered upon a concert tour of Europe. Mr.

Best is survived by his widow, Mrs. Emma Dean Best, and three children.

Dr. Ernest Van Cott, dropped dead of heart failure Aug. 27 in Wellsville canyon, about fifteen miles from Logan. Dr. Van Vott and his wife

were returning by automobile from a fortnight's tour of Yellowstone naPASSING EVENTS 1195

tional park, traveling by way of the Jackson Hole country. The party

had been driving through Wellsville canyon for some time when Dr. Van

Cott stepped out of the machine to get some water for the radiator, and sank to the ground and expired instantly. Dr. Van Cott, who was a well

known Salt Lake physician, was born in Salt Lake December 18, 1875, receiving his early education in the public schols of this city. He was

graduated from the University of Utah in 1897, and received his M. D.

degree from Rush medical college, Chicago, in 1903, after which he came to Salt Lake, where he has since practiced medicine and surgery. Besides

his widow, Mrs. May Siddoway Van Cott, he is survived by three children:

Llewellyn, Eleanor and Ernest Van Cott, Jr., and by several brothers and

sisters.

President Anthony W. Ivins returned, Aug. 16, from the Hawaiian

Islands, where he has inspected the sugar plantation and visited the various branches of the Church. The plantation produced during 1923 15 75 tons

of cane sugar, bringing gross receipts of approximately $250,000. The

cane is sent to a commercial plant in Hawaii, where it is converted into the crude product, thence shipped to California, where it is refined. The industry is fairly profitable, according to President Ivins, and is operated by

the Church largely to give employment to natives who are members of the Church. About 200 are employed on the plantation, which produces

pineapple as well as sugar. He reports that there is a general feeling of

prosperity and contentment among natives in the islands. He also visited

the branches of the Church in the islands. With him were Mrs. Ivins, Elder

Richard R. Lyman and Mrs. Lyman, Miss Fulvia Ivins and Miss Williams.

The German Reichstag accepted the Dawes reparations plan, Aug. 29,

after a stormy debate. France, having previously accepted it, it only remained to construct the necessary machinery for carrying it out. Among

the concessions made to the nationalists in return for their fortyeight votes in favor of adoption of the reparation agreement was a promise by Chancellor Marx and Foreign Minister Stresemann that the present German government would make formal disavowal of the German admission of war guilt incorporated in the Versailles treaty. Immediately after the vote was

recorded, the chancellor, on behalf of the government, authorized the publication declaring Germany did not accept the war guilt declaration and demanding that the odium of war guilt be lifted from the German people.

Germany, on Sept. 2, paid the first installment on reparations under the

Dawes plan, by depositing 20,000,000 gold marks in the Reichsbank on the account of the general reparations agent, Mr. Young.

Mrs. Harriet Pamelea Partridge Kimball, wife of Albert H. Kimball,

died at the family residence, 50 Gordon avenue, Sept. 7, after an illness

of one year. She was born at Salt Lake November 14, 1858, and was a

daughter of the late Edward Partridge and Sarah L. Clayton. She was

married to Albert H. Kimball at Salt Lake, May 15, 1876. Mrs. Kimball

had always been active in political and L. D. S. Church work, having been

associated as an officer and member of the Relief Society of the Eighteenth ward for many years. At the time of her death she was president of the

Woodrow Wilson club and had served in that capacity for four years. She

was at one time assistant historian of the Society of the Daughters of the

Utah Pioneers, of which organization she was always an active member.

Mrs. Kimball was the oldest grandchild of the late William Clayton, who

wrote the famous hymn, "Come, Come Ye Saints,"and one of her sons,

Edward P. Kimball, is organist of the Salt Lake tabernacle. Mrs. Kimball

was the mother of eight children, six of whom survive her.

The grand stand on the Fair grounds was destroyed by fire, Aug. 29,

while a Rodeo performance was given. Of the 10,000 spectators present

a few were burned and bruised and bad to be taken to the hospital, but 1196 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the great majority of the crowd escaped in the panic. The stand was

completely destroyed in about ten minutes, and a number of automobiles were damaged. The total loss was estimated at $50,000. The origin

of the fire was traced to a cigaret smoker, who threw the burning remnant between seats. A fireman went for a bucket of water as soon as the first

sign of smoke appeared. In the meantime somebody cut the burning area

out with a pocket knife. The ashes fell on the roof of a rabbit pen

below. The fireman returned and poured water on the place where the

ashes and cinders had fallen, and it was thought all danger was over. But an

hour and a half afterwards, flames burst out in this section of the stand. In

all probability the cigaret stump had not been found, or not been rendered harmless.

Andrew Kimball passed away at the home of his fatherin-law, John

Connelly, Salt Lake City, following an illness of some weeks. Funeral

services were held in the 27th ward, September 2, 1924. Andrew Kimball

and his twin sister, Mrs. Alice K. Smith, wife of the late President Joseph

F. Smith, were born in Salt Lake City, September 6, 1858. Their parents were President Heber C. Kimball and Ann A. Gheen. For many years

he was employed on the railroad running south from Salt Lake into Juab county. He was married to Olive Woolley, daughter of Bishop Edwin U.

Woolley and Mary A. Alpin, February 2, 1882, and to them were born

eleven children. Shortly after his marriage he was called on a twoyear mission to the Indian territory mission and later was made president of that

mission, which is now the central states mission. Shortly after his return

home, he was made president of the St. Joseph stake of Zion with headquarters at Thatcher, Ariz., where he has lived up to the time of his death.

He served as chairman of the Arizona board of agriculture and horticulture.

He also served in the Utah constitutional convention. He is survived by his

wife, Mary Connelly Kimball; six children and eighteen grandchildren.

His body was taken to Thatcher for burial.

Arthur L. Thomas, fourteenth governor of Utah, and for many years

postmaster of Salt Lake City, a promiment citizen of Utah since 1879, passed peacefully away while in natural sleep on the night of September 1415, 1924. He was born in Chicago, August 22, 1851, and later removed to

Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, where he attended the public schools and entered politics as secretary to the Allegheny county Republican committee when eighteen years of age; was appointed a committee clerk in the House of

Representatives, Washington, when Ulysses S. Grant was president. He

was appointed to serve in Utah as secretary of the territory in 1879, reappointed in 1883, and served untill887, holding many political offices of importance simultaneously. He was governor from 1889 to 1893, being

then succeeded by Gov. Caleb W. West. He was appointed postmaster of

Salt Lake City Feb. 1, 1897 and was helpful in establishing the rural free

mail delivery. He was president of the Cambrian Association of Utah at

the time of his death. For sketch of his life see Improvement Era, Sept.,

1901, Vol. 4, No. 11.

The dinosaur cavalcade bringing dinosaurs from Jensen under direction of John T. Kay, Vernal, 220 miles, entered Salt Lake City and proceeded up South Temple street to the University of Utah on the afternoon

fourhorse teamsof September 17, 1924. It was a unique caravan—nineteen

tugging at their heavy loads of old fossils enroute to the University. There

were eighteen wagons loaded at an average of 4,500 pounds each. Moving

pictures were taken of the caravan which resembled a freight train familiar to Utahns over fifty years ago. The University of Utah has been ten

months or more chiseling out the five specimens of ancient dinosaurs from their natural graveyard near Jensen in eastern Utah. The bones will be

built in place at the University later.

"We appreciate very much the opportunity of reading the Improvement Era. The

information in it assists us greatly in getting the gospel to the people."Horace Y.

Whittle, Goole, Yorkshire, England.

Milton H. Gentry, Beaver, Utah: "I always enjoy reading the Improvement Era.

It can't be beat! Wishes for success,"Mliton H. Gentry, Beaver, Utah.

"We would feel quite lost if it were not for the Era. We appreciate very

much the labor put forth to make the magazine the success that it is and thank you as a conference for your diligent endeavors."Ray J. Dawson, West Virginia North conference, Eastern States mission.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1924

Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

,. Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. Heber J. Grant. | P

Edward H. Anderson, j Moroni Snow, Assistant.

"Shinny,"the Favorite Sport of Uintah Indians, Frontispiece

The Optimist and Pessimist. A Poem Joseph Longking Townsend1107

A Hymn with a History Elder Orson F. Whitney 1109

Compensation. A Poem Frank C. Steele 1112

Religious Education John J. Tigert 1113

Mount Majestic. A Poem Jack Egbert 1120

Russia's Contribution to America's Wheat Crop P. V. Cardon 1121

God's Touch. A Poem M. A. Stewart 1126

"Mormonism"as an Educational Institution Clarence William Brown 1127

Prophecy and History Edward H. Anderson 1130

Nature's Music. A Poem Samuel B. Mitton 1133

The Mississippi Peddler. A Story Arthur J. Home 1134

Youth. A Poem Maud Baggarley 1141

Dr. F. S. Hams ft N. I. Butt.A 142Heroes of Science—IVOur Martyrs. A Poem Joseph H. Dean 1144

God Bless the Youth of Zion. A Poem Ruth May Fox 1144

Faith and Works Elder Joseph Fielding Smith.A 145

Far Up on the Mountain. A Poem G. Milton Babcock 1151

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 1 152

Bits of Philosophy Nephi Jensen 1161

Scout Boys. A Poem Bertha A. Kleinman 1161

By the Stream Side. A Poem Alfred Lambourne 1162

I Worship God. A Poem Mabel Jarvis 1163

The Need of "Backing"O. B. Peterson 1164

Ye Olde Towne. A Poem Ezra J. Poulsen 1168

Prof. Levi Edgar Young 1169Prophecy and History—IVVI

Up to You. A Poem Ida R. Alldredge 1174

A Tribute Susa Young Gates 1175

Their Money Moon. A Story Caroline Westover 1177

Index to Volume 27 1181 Editors'Right Attitud; 1 182 Table—The

A Praiseworthy Achievement 1 183

Day and Night. A Poem Anna Musser 1184

Reverie. A Poem Leo. W. Allen 1184

Mutual Work 1 185 Passing Events 1 193 No Difference Between Refined Beet and Refined Cane Sugar

The highly trained chemist with all his elaborate laboratory equipment is not able to distinguish between BEET and

CANE SUGAR.

BEET SUGAR produced in Utah and

Idaho is of the highest developed process which removes all impurities and yields an unexcelled quality of pure, white, fine, clean BEET SUGAR.

BEET SUGAR can be used for all purposes with entire success. Europeans,

with a reputation for making the finest of preserves and confections, prefer

BEET SUGAR.

Keep your money in circulation at home.

Patronize a great HOME INDUSTRY that gives employment to thou-—one

sands and insures a profitable crop for the farmers.

Economize in your canning and preserving by using

BEET SUGAR

Would You Like To Play Musical Instrument? A

If you know the ABC's you can play a CONN New Wonder Saxophone and now is the time to start. The Conn Saxophone is the most popular of all

musical instruments not only because it is so easy to play but because of its remarkably mellow and appealing tone and its great variety of uses.

School, Scout, Ward, Stake and M. I. A. Bands, for both boys and girls, is

the big movement today. Are you prepared?

We have just fitted out almost completely the Granite Stake M. I. A.

Band, the Hawthorne Ward M. I. A. Band, the new Grant Stake M. I. A. Band,

these three under the direction of Mr. Arnold Burgener and Mr. H. W.

Burgener and the Girls M. I. A. Band under the direction of Mr. P. A. Young.

We have fitted out completely in the past two years over two hundred junior bands in Utah and the four surrounding states. We fitted out the Without obligation to me in any

first band organized in the intermounway, you can send me free, full detain region over sixty years ago and tails about your tenday free trial we are still equipping bands. SAXOPHONE.offer on a CONNAlsoNEWnew "WONDEKcatalog,

If you live out of this city, fill in prices and particulars of your easy payment plan.

and mail this coupon or a post card today to Dean R. Daynes, ConsoliName

dated Music Co., 50 Main Street, Salt Address Box.

Lake City. E-10

Capitalize Your Evenings

Home study offers an excellent opportunity for all who cannot go to college to secure preparation in their chosen fields.

The CorrespondenceStudy Department at the Utah Agricultural College gives standardized courses of both high school and college grade.

Wonderful opportunities afforded teachers to increase their certification.

Enroll now and make home study count this winter for advancement.

Fees are nominal. For further information and for special CorrespondenceStudy catalog, address CorrespondenceStudy Dept., Utah Agricultural College,

Logan, Utah.

NOTICE: The statement appearing in the advertisement of

the college in the August issue of this magazine to the effect that the Institution was on the accepted list of the Association of American Universities through the University of California was in error. The College is a member of the Northwest Association of Colleges and of the American Council of Education.

Utah Agricultural College LOGAN, UTAH Education Pays

The educated man or woman has a great advantage over the untrained individual.

Preparation for business life is especially important under modern conditions, which require the greatest efficiency.

Do not suffer needless handicaps. Enroll immediately for our

courses of training, which open wide the doors of opportunity.

L. D. S.

BUSINESS COLLEGE Day and Evening Sessions All the Year Salt Lake City, Utah

FIRST PRIZE

$15,000 Electrical Home A SCHOOL GIRLS!

SCHOOL BOYS!

You are invited to take part in the international Home Lighting

Contest All school boys and school girls ten years of age, or over, including high school pupils, have a chance to win some exceedingly valuable local and national prizes.

The Contest begins Oct. 1st and ends October 31st

You will receive full information about it either through your school, or from the

Light Co. Utah Power &

Sponsored by ROCKY MOUNTAIN ELECTRICAL COOPERATIVE

LEAGUE 626 Kearns Bldg. Salt Lake City, Utah

PHONOGRAPHS AND RECORDS

Ticoron side of caHr.ct

containing hop for operation cf

KaDIOLA. SuFEkHLIEnODYNENOW Hear the

Brunswick RADIOLA The Perfect Phonograph and CHOICE OF MANY BEAUTIFUL MODELS

The Perfect Radio Set Combined in ONE!

.'36 ft / aaH1lnBC'TABLISHEb

61-3-5 HAihs catalogs. postpaid Write for FREE

"the Mention THE STATEcapital*OF1.000.000.00UTAH ERA. joseph"OLDERj daynes THANpbesidemt

THE NEWS

FIRST A GOOD NEWSPAPER ALWAYS RELIABLE SUBSCRIBE NOW

SALT LAKE CITY

Most complete line of Grands, Player Pianos,

Pianos and Reproducing Pianos in the world.

Write for Catalogs, Prices, and Terms

The Baldwin Piano Co.

Manufactures Cincinnati Chicago Write FRED THUNELL Wholesale Representative 1812 So. 11th East Salt Lake City

They Lead the World!

Tone quality is always an important factor in the selection of a radio phone; it is absolutely essential in

Loud Speaker Reception. It is for

this reason that the comparison of

Loud Speakers is so convincingly in favor of the Baldwin. The receipt

of hundreds of letters praising the

Baldwin Loud Speakers, Headsets and Phone Speakers as the world's most sensitive, most perfect toned radio receiving instruments attests this fact.

The Baldwin Headset and Loud Speakers are characterized by the extremely sensitive mica or corrugated aluminum diaphragm, the large circular permanent magnet, the concentration of the electromagnet in a single coil and the U-shaped pole pieces which give four points of magnetic contact.

BALDWIN PhonoSpeaker This new development of theBALDWIN Baldwin Radio Receivers emRADIOPHONES; bodies all the points of excellence which have made the

Headset and Loud Speaker famous. Now used as standard

equipment by several of the largest Talking Machine Companies.

For further particulars or prices write:

NATHANIEL BALDWIN, Inc.

WORLttOVER 3474 South 23rd East,

TRADE MARK Salt Lake City, Utah

Order Your Engraved Greeting Cards—Now!

Choose your Christmas Greeting Cards early and happily. The first choices are the best, for

the reason that the exclusive numbers are limited.

Either call in our store and see the samples or write us at once for prices and detailed information.

We send you any book you wish,

C. O. D. Mail.

Deseret Book Co.

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City

Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embahner 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

Fire is no Respedter of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A BEAUTY PARLOR FOR YOUR CAR Open Day and Night WASHING POLISHING GREASING ALEMITE SERVICE Four Racks Experienced Attendants

Bennett's Service Station No. 5

State and Fourth South

Kiddies'Allovers

DUTCH CUT

They are the famous Mountaineer Brand i n dark blue, light blue, stripes and khakis.

Mothers they are just what you need for the little tots—and the kiddies like them too.

Z. C. M. I.

Factory Made

We issue the best there is in Life

Insurance and your premiums are retained to Build up the West 9/ie BIG HOME COMPANY YOU NEED OUR INSURANCE WE NEED YOUR BUSINESS Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Heber J. Grant, Pres. Lorenzo N. Stohl, Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA