-. - -=

I *;"...

>**.%; AUGUST, 1944

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH *.***?

'"'''. '"Mom deserves a 1 for this. meda >>

latest information WO medals, Mr. Jones. One from the But before you start, get the

family. One from Uncle Sam. You see, more on canning from your County Demonstration

canned goods will be sent to fighting fronts Agent or your gas company's Home Service this year than ever before *... which means representative. Be sure, be safe. * You'll find

a good deal less on your grocer's shelves. That's your gas range, with its quick, controllable

why home canning is so important. * Then, heat, an indispensable helpmate; faithfully ectoo, think of the delicious treat these fruits, onomical, too.

winter will in the grey jams vegetables, be

... in goodness health and with months each MOUNTAIN YOURFUELGAS SUPPLYCOMPANY COMPANY

jar! * Every homemaker should stock up. Serving Utah and Wyoming

*The Government is reserving for war, 50 per cent more commercially packed canned goods than last year, according to WFA

SERVING HOMES AND INDUSTRY IN WAR AND PEACE

V. f Iff'If LBBy DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

/\nly about one third of a felled tree * ever becomes lumber. About seven are a quick source of

thirty percent percent sawdust, becomes ailmm slabs such as bark becomes mill waste and edgings and twentyfive percent is Slilllih energy for active yoiing wood waste such as tops, limbs and stumps. + bodies. So delicious, too

P\uring the Shang dynasty, about

L 1500 B.C., the people of northern China used elephants to help cultivate -ideal for bet we%n-

the land, and probably draw chariots.

symbolic character for "working"The or "doing"is represented what apmeal snacks. Get an by

pears to be the drawing of an elephant.

4 ample supply now. A new chemical gives hope of con-

* trolling hyperthyroid cases, in which the thyroid gland becomes too active, resulting in rapid heart action, extreme nervousness, and thinness.Thiourea, made by replacing the oxy- %

gen by sulfur in urea, when changed to a related compound thiouracil has reduced the basal metabolism of eleven patients treated to normal within twenty days to six months, depending on the GRnHHMSiPURITY size of the enlarged thyroid gland.

T\7inds of a tornado usually do not * * have a path of over one thousand feet wide, but the less furious, but nonetheless violent winds of the tropical cyclones cover up to thousands of Want to Make More Money? miles.square

/onzales and Gettler in a study of

T pedestrians killed in traffic acciPlenty of good American dollars can be dents in New York City found that taken from highly productive soils nowmore than onefourth had one percent or more alcohol in their blood. infested with Noxious Weeds—clean up

> with/alen, famous Greek physician and -* medical writer of the second century A.D., repeats in one of his books,

without questioning, the tale that bear cubs are born without any form and arelicked into shape by their mother. CARBON

HPhe chance of eventually dying from * diabetes is greatest for both men and BISULPHIDE women at the age of fifty, but the proband a ability of sometime getting the disease is greatest at age five. The chances of

eventually dying from diabetes decline rapidly at of of Mack Anti Weed Gun the age sixty, and sometime contracting it decline rapidly Grow clean crops on land where little else but at about forty.

Morning Glory, Knapweed, Hoary Cress and of apples with isCpraying hormones others for years. have grown operation A single*** general. becoming now The sprayinjury to soil harmless to livestock. and—noing diluted with solution keeps hormone

the apples on the trees longer, before Send for free illustrated Booklet 212P dropping, allowing the apples to develop good size; and color.4 WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francisco

'TPhe possible rapid spread of insect horn r pests is illustrated by the fly, Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches {Conclttded on page 475)

AUGUST, 1944 473

<27fe

Jke Ltover ImDiwement"THE GLORY OF GOO IS INTELLIGENCE Era musiaan

By Ethelyn travel his year HP to jrjsTMjs: j&jsjt jtt * *& jtr -orj&&. <&& jk & & & m jf * mjx S:m.a 4L <xmMa

*- Miller Harturich distant places has been enjoyed vicariAUGUST, 1944 VOLUME 47, NO. 8

readthe through slender fingers ously T Tis OF VOICE "THE THE CHURCH"* * love travel the keys ing of books,

Official Mutual Improvement the Priesthood Quorums, Organ of and by enjoying picAssociations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward And, straying in a tures of those places Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of world apart, where we should like Latterday Saints to go. Touch notes that fade

upon the air people To many the To linger fondly in the brings desert a feeling of pervading calm and Jke (L*dltor5 f-aae heart.

a sense of the timelessness of existence. This Some Sentence Sermons Heber J, Grant 481

cover study, the work of Josef Muench, brings Lkurch, -jreatealvired release and courage to forge ahead. The Eternal Years Charles A. Callis 482

Bishop: Are You Using Your Young People?

Marvin O. Ashton 483

Lucy Taylor Andersen Helen W. Larson 493

Apostate Factions, Following the Martyrdom o Joseph

Smith—Part IV—George J. Adams....E* Cecil McGavin 498

Evidences and Reconciliations: LXXXELT—How Does the

Lord Have Constant Knowledge of the Whole Uni'

Editors verse? John A* Widtsoe 501

Heber J. Grant The Church Moves On 494 NoLiquor-Tobacco.. 503

Field Photos 509, 512, 513 Genealogy 504

John A. Widtsoe Music Page

Priesthood: Mekhizedek., 51502 Music Page 511 Executive and Editorial

Offices: Messages: Mutual TayLucy 484 Seventy The Editor Managing lor 493 Andersen Aaronic 505 Street, North Main Richard L. Evans...., Gleaners 506 516 50 Golden Teaching, Ward

1, City Salt Utah. Lake

Editors Associate 1944 by MuJpeciat Featured Copyright

Inc., tual Funds, Josephson a CorMarba C.

William Mulder PalestinePenicillin—thein the DaysWonderof theMoldSavior FranklinLevi EdgarS. Harris,YoungJr* 484487 porationMen's Mutualof theImproveYoung

Johnson Pioneer 488 Sheep Lamont Association of the ment General Manager R. Trial 490 Canning Ray by of Christ of Jesus Church George Secret Q. Morris His 492 Helen Bay FireWeapon—Letters Saints. All Lotterday L. 496 Evans Spoken The Word from Temple Square....Richard

Associate Manager Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: Molotov Cocktail?....507 rights reserved. SubscripHints lin S. Harris, Jr 473 Handy Lucy G. Cannon

Telefacts 475 Corner, Josephine....508B. tionin advance;price, $2.0020c a singleyear, Cook's

Wyoming Boy Winner of Nichols.509 copy.

Business Manager Westinghouse Science TalNews from the Camps 513

John K. Orton ent Search Scholarship 476 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle..518 Entered at the Post

Index to Advertisers 477 Books 520 Office, Salt Lake City,

Religious Attitudes of Noted Courage, Marba C. Josephson 478 Men, Leon M. Strong 523 Utah, as secondclass

National Advertising Nature's Way, C. O. Stott 480 Your Page and Ours 528 matter. Acceptance for

Representatives mailing at special rate of (Editorials postagesection 1103,providedAct offorOcin Francis M. Mayo,

Salt Lake City Some Current Notes on Leadership Richard L. Evans 500 tober, 1917, authorized

The Time Is Now Marba C Josephson 500 July 2, 1918.

Edward S. Townsend, The Improvement Era

San Francisco is not responsible for unsolicited but manuscripts, Stories, loehy contributions. Georgia Moore 486 welcomes Dougan and Bolle, White Sister

Chicago and Girl in a Pink Fascinator Ezra J. Poulsen 491

New York Musician, Poem, Ethelyn MillFrontispiece: Promise, Edna S. All manuscripts must be

..479 474 Dustin er Hartwich suffiby..499 accompanied Poetry Roadside in Autumn, Mary A

delivery cient postage for Member, Audit Bureau of Delight, Jennie Rawlins....509 490 Pure C. Shaw

Circulations and return.

CIRCULATION FOR THIS ISSUE: 92,000

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ACT PROGRAM TRENDS TEUfIN THE WAR PRODUCTION

GOOD.''AT'IDEAS,-'

WDULl AIRCRAFT NAVA1 MERCHANT ORONANCf MJLITARt TAMS SMALL ARTILLERY

NOGRAM (TOKMAK) SHIPS SHIPS StGMAL GQNSIRUC ARMS AMMUNITION

EQUPIfXT HON AMMUNITION PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION AND DEALERS

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE

(Concluded from page 473) their standard meridian, in the United

States, Washington, D.C.; France,

which does about ten million dollars Paris; the Russians, Pulkovo Observaworth of damage annually in the United tory near Leningrad, destroyed by the

seenStates. fly was The first Spain, Toledo; Swein 1941; near Germans

later ten years in 1887;Camden, N.J., den, Upsala. not many maps Some

it had spread throughout North Ameryears old still are marked with the island ica, and even to Hawaii. of Ferro in the Canary Islands as the

meridian. "RTfosT of the seven B vitamins listed *** by Madsen can be made in the The mongoose is not immune to snake paunch of cattle, but the evidence of the * poison, but it wins by its extreme vitamin B requirements of cattle is not activity and aided by hairs standing complete. erect to give it an appearance of twice

its size, half of which can let the snake through. fangs harmlessly pass The "ttu give donkeys, mules andTJorses, tew Tudr 9& India introduced from mongoose was

to food about one hunand* f shelter in the sugarhelp into to 1872 Jamaica fifty different internal parasites ofdred &8TfR.. moki rats. reagainst the growers cane The

the minute, onecelled types,two sult birds groundfrequenting was manyprotozoa and worms. were almost exterminated, and the rats MO> "fat oc\pp That

were greatly reduced. The rats escapedHThe point on the earth from which complete extermination by developing YtwktiXGOOD/

* longitude has been measured east treenesting habits. The mongoose is

and west has varied throughout history. not a good treeclimber.

4 nearAlthough Greenwich, London, So Fresh sinceEngland, has used been officially HPhe language of Iceland is primarily 1884 for nautical and international * Norse in character, but the blood is So Smooth calculations, most countries have at one from ten to fifty percent Irish, accordtime used their capital or other city for ing to varying estimates. So Good

TEIEFACT U. S. SEVENTH COLUMN - CARELESSNESS -

KILLS MORE THAN TWO WORLD WARS

ACCIDENTAL DEATHS (1942 -43) SM

182,000

Njj WAR DEATHS

52,284 30,000 ONE OF DURKEES FAMOUS FOODS

WORLD WAR I WORLD WAR It (19I718) (194143) ftCTOORAPH CORPORATION SINCE 1857

AUGUST; 1944 475

Q KEEP IT HANDY WYOMING BOYZ< 'inner of l/U edtinahovide m "Here's the easy way to

Science Jalanl Search make your car run better, X last longer. Just follow this J)cnolardnip

guide. I'll do the rest."seventeenyear-old boy, Amberu Charles Davidson, formerly of

Fort Bridger, now of Lyman, Wyoming,A was recently awarded the

annual in the $2400, arship, worth 3rdWar-Year Service Guide Westinghouse Science Grand ScholSearch. Talent Science nationwide

ITEM HOW OFTEN TheD.C.,awardMarchwas7,madeat intheWashington,conclusion

of the fiveday search in which the young These participated. had 1000 miles—whichfinalists days—or

some 15,000 Crankcase drain (Oil change) ever60 the pick of comes first scientists were scienceminded seniors in the nation's private and denominational high 1000 miles—whichpublic, days—or Chassis Lubrication 80ever comes first schools.

was in scholarships 1,000 $1 A total of finalists, top with the to Oil filter replacement Summer and Winter awarded awards, fouryear $2400 Westinghouse

Air cleaner cleaning Summer(or everyand3000 Wintermiles) CharlesScience GrandDavidsonScholarships,of Wyominggoingandto

City. 16, Hagopian, of New York Battery check 2 Weeks Anne winner, Scholarship Grand The

the attends Lyman Davidson,! Battery capacity test 3 Months Charles his graduupon and school, Wyoming,

of University the to enter plans Tire Pressure Weekly ation in addiboy, country This Chicago.

I Transmission and differential Summer and Winter tionsuch tosubjectshis scientificas electronics,interests, embracingchemistry, lubrication microscopy, painting, and biology, is an | Radiator cleanup Summer and Winter athlete. He was captain of the football

team at high school and has won track attention: following important occasional items front need The boxing awards. wheel and joint, plugs, universal spark bearings, brake cylinders, absorbshock

Charles, a priest in the Aaronic distributor points. ers, carburetor,

Priesthood is the son of Amber C. Davidson, second counselor in the Lyman

Make an early appointment StakeFor presidency.the past six years he has been

with your Utah Oil Refining working on his scientific projects and

Company Station or Dealer for has built a highly departmentalized better car care. Weekdays, if home shop to accommodate his interyou can, please. ests. One of his projects is the design

*** m * of an "invisible searchlight,"using infra-red rays and an electronic pickup,

Let Us Help Keep Your Car In Fighting Trim for military use in scanning enemy battle lines undetected.

Utah Oil Refining Company Stations and Dealers in Its Products For five or six years Charles Davidson has been working on projects of his own. The list of this 17year-old boy's

activities is amazing. In his shop at

home, which he built from his own earnetc., has a he tion picture machines, I NEST OV ERALL AM ERIC AS F ings from service work on radios, modevelops he booth, where photography

UNCI IHI his own films and makes his own solutions and cards for printing; a radio

booth where he constructs, operates and there's a reasonservicesradio boothradios;wherea chemistryhe lists andbooth;makesa LEVI'S

No others FIT like LEVI'S! over tubes, and a library corner. He has

built several radio sets and operates in his den an eleventube set he made

J-fVI f TR&USf ANfWFAIIMEf outbuiltofthreeseveraltransmittingreceivingsmaller sets; he has alsosets

e co trfHir l* on one of which he recently reached

Australia. He recently built a radioscratch CONCEALED COPPER IIVETS ON SACK POCKETS controlled boat which can be sent forward, backward, left, right, and on

,,, [Concluded on page 527) 476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ookiu

News comes that And Never Yield, an historical novel about the Mormons by Elinor Pryor, has been put Surely Safe—

into play form by Betty Smith, author of A Tree Grows in Brooklyn.

and More..

FIREBELL IN THE NIGHT (Constance Robertson. Henry Holt and For babies who need milk from a

Co., New York. 1944. 342 pages. $2.75.) bottle, there must never be any ques-

'"Paring its title from a quotation from tion as to the safety of that milk.

* Thomas Jefferson in 'which he deals Doctors know that Irradiated Sego this slaverywith question, the book moves surely sealed the is as in can feelinglyrapidly into situation the and which Milk disof if there no germ were safe ascalled into activity railroad the underground movement in Syracuse, New York, in order ease in the world.

to rescue slaves. Caught in the sweep of the

movement is beautiful Mahala North, daughrich it and uniformly is always Furthermore,ter of giant North, Moses a towering who... and to digest is for babies easy always that innbought continue might an old he

vitaof it supply is enriched with an extrahis after abolition driven he been had work children growing babies and which min Dfrom her Ohio. within as a The conflict

teeth sound to develop to enable them needresult of her attraction Palfrey, to John who so are milks all evaporated Not Ask your doctor about and bones. the abolitionists,fought for her and love

Dallas Ord, who believed as she did, as Irradiated Sego Milk enriched.

well as the stirring rescues of both white for your baby.

and Negro, make the book dramatically fascinating. - M. C. J.

Sego Milk Products Company AUTHOR'STHE BOOK (Published by The Macmillan Company, Originator of Evaporated Milk in the

New York. 1944. 102 pages. $1.50.) Intermountain West

nprns book, carefully prepared to guide Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

* Macmillan authors in preparation of their manuscripts, will prove of value to writers in general who wish to know how they may get their manuscripts into the editor's hands. The recognized authorities

are listed; the accepted punctuation is

treated; capitalization is discussed; the use

of italics, spelling, abbreviations, numerals, are discussed; the typing of the manuscript,

with the procedure in the use of footnotes and bibliography, and indexing, as well as obtaining of permissions also are treated in this useful volume. Proofreader's marks are

also included for ease of checking proof.

For the one who desires to publish material, this book is extremely valuable.

M. C. /.

THE LETTERS OF

ALEXANDER WOOLLCOTT (Edited by Beatrice Kaufman and Joseph

Hennessey. Viking, New York.

1944. 410 pages. $3.50.)

T)erhaps no person has done so much to spread an interest in the minutiae of literature as has Alexander Woollcott. His

genuine interest in people—almost we shouldcapitalize this word—has made all of his

writings and sayings dear to the great masses of the American public. In this second of his posthumous volumes, his letters,

written from the time he was ten years old until the day before his death, have been culled from the thousands which he has written during the course of a very active life which has carried him from coast to coast of his native country and through many other countries.

In this book, Wollcott is at his Woollcott best because he was writing of himself, THE ERA interests,his his to acquaintances those in he loved. these a lifeline to the loved ones in the armed forces. Therewhom is a warmth

letters will that Woollcott make even bet12 issues $2.00 ister loved, if that possible, than he has been

heretofore. M. C. /.

AUGUST, 1944 477 Ccovtraae f IN A NEW BOOK VCometimesfor the intensitya story comesof its livingto lightdefiesthat that of any novel on the market. Such

Neeley, P. is that of story Dr. Deta a WILFORD WOODRUFF scholar, Utah. a of Tremonton, Long

having compiled an extensive study of

edunationally to wellknown tributed GEORGE Q. CANNON children's vocabularies and having concol- returned to she cational magazines,

lege to earn her doctorate. Upon graduation she was offered a professorship JACOB HAMBLIN in the school of education at Eastern Illinois State Teacher's College. To the

RETURN amazementthe offer down.of her teachers,Not onlyshethat,turnedshe

turned another down and was offered a to the current literature of the church in third before the real reason was unearthed.

Ml When Mrs. Neeley registered in the

University of California, she was given t%THREE MORMON CLASSICS a medical examination and told to see a specialist. The specialist diagnosed a

Leaves From My Journal slightson's Paralysis.tremor in herTheleftspecialistarm as alsoParkinad-

By WILFORD WOODRUFF vised her to give up her idea of going to school so that she might conserve her energy. To Mrs. Neeley, the idea was

unthinkable; she had planned for years My First Mission to obtain her doctorate. But she wished

By GEORGE Q. CANNON to earn it, not gain it through sympathy,

so she confided the startling news to

Life of Jacob Hamblin noneschoolexceptalso. Togetherher husband,they whostudied,wasandin

By JAMES A. LITTLE they passed with high honors.

She had to find a new avenue of accompiled by PRESTON NIBLEY tivity, for to one of her courage it was unthinkable to be idle, even if she knew from famous old faithpromoting series that the disease would grow progressively worse with the years. Yet, what

$2.50 could she do? Teaching would take

more energy than she had. So she took

Stevens and Wallis, Inc., Publishers up writing. To date she has completed

two books: a mystery titled A Candidate for Hell, and an historical novel

DESERET BOOK COMPANY titledhas begunThrougha thirdDevil'snovelGate.of herAndownshe

44 East South Temple Street childhood.

To her educational achievements, she

Salt Lake City 10, Utah has added her religious service. She has

"THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"served on the religious class stake board in Millard County; on the Sunday

School stake board of Bear River Stake.

{Concluded on page 523)

GRAHAM

HUNTERFAULTLESS FARM FUNNIES... wokth filming

WE'RE NE\NSREE\-N\EN, S\U. WE'VE BEEN ASKEV

to VHOTOGRftPH A.

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by Harold M. Lambert

wvrnse

NoNobandbrightto markconfettithe dayribbonyouatwentyouraway,feet; WhenSome daybirdsI'llarewalkfreethatto trillroadandagainlift theirwith wing,you

There were no cheering crowds, no bright display When crowds have time to cheer and skies stay blue,

Of flags or bunting draped along the street; And mothers pause to rock their babes and sing.

No hero's crowning glory touched you there. Then hand in hand we'll retouch heaven together

The station echoed our reluctant tread, For you, dearest beloved, I'd wait forever.

We were unnoticed on the platform where

We walked in silence with so much unsaid.

i5u (L*dna O. LJudti j

AUGUST, 1944 479 NATURE'S WAY w>v rrleSiaae tor tke farmer

Under tke ZDitck

'... By C. ORVAL STOTT

Executive Secretary, Agricultural Advisory Committee

7TLL plant and animal life upon the

L\ earth, including man, is ultimately * * dependent upon the active life in the soil known as soil bacteria. In one

gram of soil, depending on its type, there may be from several thousand to two or three million bacteria. There are twenty-eight grams in one ounce. This indicates how small this type of life really

is. They are microscopic bacteria so

small they cannot be seen by the naked eye. When one who tills the soil puts it

in such shape that this bacterial life thrives best, he then has taken the best kh condition for plant growth and development.

unceasingly, almost breaking down lis time you knew. Dear 1 These microscopic organisms work

it plant food elements, which makes

When the time comes for little Garments to hear 'the facts of life,'it seems only proper to rely on someone who has—so to speak—been through the wringer.

So if Kitty Kerchief isn't learning the 'facts'about

FelsNaptha Soap, we've missed our guess on wise, old Auntie Slip.

FelsNaptha Soap is a source of long and wearfree life for garments of all kinds. And for all kinds of

family wash. This good, mild soap—blended with

active naptha—turns out the whitest wash you've

ever seen. It saves needless wear on fabrics

because it makes harsh rubbing unnecessary.

The only way to cultivate a garden properly is the easiest way. The gardener stands straight

If you haven't already learned the 'fact'andcultivationholds theis necessaryhoe at totothecontrolground.weeds;Shallowtoothat it's better to wash deepsoil andcultivationsevers manycausesfeederloss ofroots.moisture from the

with FelsNaptha Soap --Photograph, courtesy Firestone it's time you knew, too! possible for the plant food to go into

solution in the soil moisture. The tiny

root hairs on the plants do not absorb the plant food until it is thus in solution, and that solution assumes the form of "capillary"water, or water that is held on the surface of each of the soil particles. If there is an excess of water in

the soil, it fills up the air spaces and thus becomes "free"water, and in that condition it is not available, and hence it is not absorbed by the plant rootlets.

Whenever excess water occurs in the soil, it excludes the air and thus makes (Concluded on page 492) 480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r Jome Sentence J)ermon4

i5u president.Meber st. C/rant

times the very things that to me at the time of M,.any

their occurrence seemed most hard and contrary to justice and reason have in the course of time proved highly satisfactory and of great value.

There is nothing on this earth that brings so much satisfaction and comfort as the knowledge that we are in the line of our duty no matter how hard the duty may be, and on the other hand I know of nothing that brings so much sorrow and so many regrets as failing to do what we know to be our duty.

From the time I was a young man, it has been my hope that my

Father in heaven would never give me money unless I should be able to do good with it.

My faith is such that I could lay down all that I possess rather than ever depart from the Latterday work. I value all things as

nothing in comparison with having the Spirit of God to guide me.

I hope never to form an opinion or say anything against anyone without hearing both sides of the story.

The minute a man stops supplicating God for his spirit and direction, just so soon he starts out to become a stranger to him and his works. When men stop praying for God's spirit, they place confidence in their own unaided reason, and they gradually lose the spirit

of God, just the same as near and dear friends, by never writing to or visiting with each other, will become strangers.

I hope and pray earnestly from day to day that I may continue to live worthy of the love and confidence of my brethren and of all good and honest men.

We should all pray that God may never leave us alone for a moment without his Spirit to aid and assist us in withstanding sin and temptation.

Jke Cditor'd f-aqe AUGUST, 1944 481 The eternal Years

Dm Ckaned v. Caul15 v

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Here is time, where is eternity? It is here;

... a measured space of time is only a part

of eternity. Brigham Young

Thisvateisrighteousthe worldtendenciesin which toandcultijust causes that will produce, in the world to come, results and harvests of perfection and heavenly fruit.

A man's heart is warmed and made stout by the desire to learn and to do that which he can continue to do in a rfSiili future state. For the deeds done for

others, as well as for ourselves, will bear their fruits in eternity. CHARLES A. CALUS

Immortal Craftsmen

"With the recollection of their earthIf we work upon marble, it will perish. If life revived, they will note a familiar

it. If will brass, efface time upon work we and, greatly hear, they spirit in what

will temples, to rear they crumble dust we will exclaim: 'Why, astonished, they minds, immortal men's work But upon if we

if we imbue them with high principles, with that is the same religion which we read the just fear of God and love of their fellow of in the tracts that the Mormon elder men, we engrave on those tablets something brought to our home while we were on which no time can efface, and which will the earth. We are more willing and prebrighten—Danieland brightenWebster,to allSpeech,eternity.Faneuil pared now to consider this message.'

Hall, 1852 "This is my purpose in tracting this city, for I feel that the Lord wants me

In the Southern States Mission there to help his children to prepare to meet was a certain local elder, who, like him.

Barnabus, was full of faith and the Holy "Your brother in the gospel."

Ghost. He was noted for his earnest

desire to bring people to God. This

merchant minister, for he was a grocer, presented his customers, as they came to his store, with gospel tracts. This diligent herald of Glad Tidings

One day, shortly after World War I, of great joy was important in action. To

this zealous yet modest disciple, wrote him the preaching of the gospel was the following letter: paramount, of the most importance.

Above all else it should take the lead.

He firmly believed that the present and "Dear President Callis: In this city future blended. "No man can pass into

an awful epidemic of influenza is raging. eternity,"said Canon Farrar, "for he is

I already in it."'.**;. Many people are dying; some of them,

fear, are unprepared to meet their God.

I have bought an automobile for With him, the significance of life, the $600.00. In order to consecrate it I am eternal years, existed in persuading men

'Hi,::::w-* ",= * i*'brothersending wasto alreadythe Churcha full $60.00tithe payer][this tolocalpracticemissionary,for heaven.who Thisexplainedwonderfuldocwhich is a tithe of the purchase price. trine by his life, as well as by word of

mouth, lived in the obedience that made "It is my purpose to use this machine him really free and happy. In a sweet,

so that I can visit all the homes I poscalm and golden repose of mind he died, sibly can, and leave with the inmates, not in the glory of this world, but in the tracts and pamphlets which, if read, will glory of sacred sacrifices and service.

afford enlightenment concerning the of Jesus of the Church I'. doctrines half see but of our deeds, the causes Christ We terrible Saints. of Latterday This in the outer Seeking wholly them

scourge of influenza may take away And heedless of the encircling spiritlife.world,

many of these people, and when they Which though unseen, is felt, and sows in us ffKs**'N—go into the Spirit World they will hear All germs of pure and worldwide purposes. the elders preach the gospel.—Lowell

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA op &Lp: are you using your

YOUNG PEOPLE?

\J. tsktc &

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

is the into page positions play and cally those of of sors is brought us holding wisely said, "Youth hasSomeone sets pieces. leadership in this This presidency boy for wisdom."and for action, cut into a hundred The age

is very true, and it is also true that Church, keep the youth close to us. The to work, but the good dad has only five

there is no substitute for experience, but young need the experience of the older minutes of peace! The map of the world

you will not function one hundred perfolks, but, we equally need the vision is all together again—every piece of it

cent unless you call into your councils and viewpoint of our children. in its place. But what happened? How

the young people. Have your ear to could he finish the task so quickly? The

the ground and be sure you hear dis- T)lease keep in mind, Bishop, that one boy's answer was enough, "You see, tinctly the patter of their feet. Don't of your major responsibilities is the Dad, on the other side of the page where

forget what youth has done for the youth. It is largely true that if you take the map was, was a picture of a boy. I

world. We need the inspiration of the care of the youth, you take care of all. put the boy together and the world took

red corpuscles of their blood. Invite Lest there be some who haven't heard care of itself."If we would take care

all right.them into your councils. If you want to the following story—may we repeat it. of the boy, the world would beget into a rut, keep away from close It so well clinches this philosophy, we'll A good portion of the mistakes of

contact with your boys and girls. "The risk being on the side of triteness in adults are traceable to misguided youth,

only difference between a rut and a hope clarity will overcome it. This and half of the misguiding is because we

grave is that one is deeper than the story has been very aptly used by Bishwho represent the leadership of the other."Have the youth at your elbows op Richards: Church forget what we used to be and

when you do your planning, and let The father wants to read the newswhat we used to like to do. Let's get

them help execute the plans with you. paper, but he is disturbed by his inclose to youth and feel their pulse. Yes,

The problems of the youth have probquisitive son who is demanding his atlet them help shape their own destiny.

ably never been so great as they are totention. The father has a bright idea Let them in on our councils. Whether

day. If ever they needed the hand of and decides to occupy the boy s attenwe are dads or mothers, leaders, or asolder people on their shoulders to guide tion another way. He rips from a magasociated in some way with the young

them, it is now. One of the wisest things zine a page on which is a map of the people, let them in on our councils.

said by the Prophet was, in effect, world. Thinks he, "I'll make a jigsaw

"Teach people right principles and let puzzle of the map of the world and them govern themselves."And don't while this lad is laboriously putting it

forget for a minute that this philosophy together, I'll have an hour of peaceful applies to youth. Bishop, let them govbliss reading the news."A pair of scisern themselves. Let them feel they are

directors in your ward corporation. The

corporation needs the vision and, if you please, the vitality and spunk of the youth. Let us, who are not so young as

we used to be, and we mean emphati-

—Illustrated by Nelson White

AUGUST, 1944 483 Palestine in the Days of the

I will life up mine eyes unto the hills,

From whence cometh my help.

My help cometh from the Lord, which made

Heaven and earth.

(Psalm 121:1, 2)

Palestine is a very small country.

If we include the plateau country east of the river Jordan, it is about the size of the state of Vermont or New

Jersey. The heart of Palestine, however, where most of the events recorded

in the Bible occur, is about eightyfive miles in length by fortyfive miles in width. Within this small territory, there

are varied scenery and climate. Deserts

and mountains are interspersed with beautifully wooded and grassy valleys.

No country in the world produces a larger variety of wild flowers, unless it is the Valley of the Great Salt Lake.

The beautiful Plain of Sharon has been sung into Hebrew literature by the familiar verse in the Song of Songs: "I

am the rose of Sharon, and the lily of the valleys."The Savior walked through

fields of anemones, the most abundant THE SITE OF BETHSAIDA, THE SUPPOSED

PLACE OF THE THE FIVE MIRACLE OF FEEDING towns, ancient flowerand in best and conspicuous of the found known THOUSAND THE WITH FISHES AND THE TWO ofPalestine. scene fix the safely different "here are of FIVE BREAD. LOAVES The flowers OF we may

colors—blue, white, and red. But the the miraculous drought of fishes and the—Photos, Underwood * Underwood

color most frequently seen is the brilsubsequent call of Peter and Andrew, liant scarlet. One author writes: "It is James and John."Northward about a bats, and enormous grasshoppers. Lions

a gurgeous sight to see a field of these mile and a half from Bethsaida was lived in the Jordan valley and are often anemones, spread out before us like a Capernaum, and during the past few referred to in Holy Writ.

gaily colored carpet. They grow everyyears, the Palestine Exploration Fund

where on the hills and plains, but nohas discovered the ruins of many of Mountains and Climate where are they more beautiful than on the old synagogues, as well as some the Plain of Sharon, where they are Greek temples. Josephus speaks of the I Tigh and impressive mountains are

scattered luxuriantly over the broad many beautiful homes that were erected *.. characteristic of Palestine. Mount

fields."This was doubtless the flower on the shores of the lake. Hermon, to the east of the mountains of

Jesus plucked and held up before his Palestine is a country of plains, Lebanon, Mount Tabor, one of the most audience when he said: plateaus, sandhills, deserts, snowbeautiful and singular mountains, and

the borders of the on Carmel, rivervalleys, mountains, capped and Mount lilies field, the the of Consider how rise majestically to Mediterranean Sea springs, sulphur toil gorges. Hot not, they neitherthey.. grow;. they mountain do

the sky. snows on Mount The melting Ispin: escarpments, steep wilderyet unto and howling you, say even That And

Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like nesses, caves for robbers, and volcanic Hermon are the sources of the River one of these. (Matt. 6:28, 29.) craters, add to the strange character of Jordan, and into the vales of this mountain, just believe before Jesus went some the land. or lovely primcyclamen The lie of the the north Holy Land To left final his for Galilee to he journey is Palestine, rose oldthe of a native andthe rises of mountains Lebanon, where of are Jerusalem. cedars Lebanon The its fashioned received hollyhock name River, intothe flows the which Jordan like California, the of redwoods and of the the holyhocys from Land. Holy fresh. of blue,Sea and Isaiah calls glory "the of them LebaGalilee—clear, the hollyhock of seeds were The is Galilee of only aThe Sea and two It that these trees non."Hosea, was into the brought Crusaders England byhalf length miles in to south, north from in referred the poetprophet, to when in century eleventh the the Puritans and in than not width. mile aand more The his feeling beautiful the he deep wrote into flower introduced the Massachuitcountry around watered was by in the of found words Book Hosea setts. padres also Spanish brought The hills,streams the neighboring from and (14:4-7): the of seeds the to hollyhock Spanish it fertility.the into sun tropical warmed

In the time of Christ, the waters of the America, and in the eighteenth century I will heal their backsliding, I will love lake were plied by four thousand veshollyhocks were growing profusely at them freely: for mine anger is turned away

in him. California. the old from missions Spanishsels of description, every the from war-

I Israel: will shall the as unto be he dew in fern maidenhair crevthe grows Thevessel fishingthe of the to Romans lily, his forth as as cast roots the and grow Lilies, ices the the of caves. rocks and inboats towns. plain of the around The Lebanon. narcissi, the crocuses, red and anemones,the lake earthly an acparadise was shall his spread, His branches and beauhills in the roses springwild cover and tree, hiscording smell shall this to olive the ty day, Josephus. as be and wild To the time; in reed papyrus and grows as Lebanon.flowers spring Tulips, everywhere. up

streams. the is Palestine of the marshes his shall that dwell under shadow They irisesanemones, the carpet and ground.

fir the tree, the native of land shall palm return; revive corn, they and and as the is Galilee shore of "gentlyThe embayed

shall vine: the thereof the scent figs, as olives, of apricots, grow grapes. and is theand pearly white beach and edged as the of Lebanon. be wine

all It lovely oleanders."ruinsby for birds. of kinds of is a country The

towns are found along the shores of the Of the ravens alone there are seven difMount Carmel is called the mounlake among which are those of ancient ferent kinds. There are bears, hyenas, tain of rains. Located on the MediterCapernaum. Bethsaida was perhaps the wolves, and jackals; lizards, snakes, ranean Sea, it rises eighteen nundred

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY I vViX rredidmt Jieul (Ldar UjoOVMQV OF THE/\y

feet above the sea, and owing to the A land of wheat, and barley, and vines, yea, the Lord breaketh the cedars of Lebafig trees, of non. a land pomegranates; and it is and night, falls every that heavy dew calf; like skip a also to oil them honey; and He maketh It is a perfect round. year the green like unicorn. Sirion shalt young with- a eat and bread thou land Lebanon wherein Aolive, the above as it towers of foliage garden flames the divideth thing lack of voice the Lord shalt not scarceness, any thou The out

wheat fields and vineyards, orchards in it; a land whose stones are iron, and out of fire.

and groves of oak. "It was always a of whose hills thou mayest dig brass. The voice of the Lord shaketh the wildersacred retreat; even before the Hebrews When thou hast eaten and art full, then ness; the Lord shaketh the wilderness of

found it, its caverns and oak groves thou shalt bless the Lord thy God for the Kadesh.

hinds the the thee. of voice (Deut. given Lord maketh he hast land which good The for those wished seclusion offered who

the forests: discovereth to and calve, and the 8:7-10.) Elijah brought meditate."to Here

his of his speak doth one in every temple their of thoughts raise to people God failed, Israelites the crops the glory. When

above the common level. Beautifully turned to their Creator as the giver of The Lord sitteth upon the flood; yea, the

has Elijah's life been connected with rain and sunshine and the harvest. The Lord sitteth King for ever.

the idea of a divine Providence ruling prophet Joel writes: The Lord will give strength unto his peonature and sending the rains for the ple; the Lord will bless his people with

fields and providing the "many waters!"Be glad then, ye children of Zion, and repeace. (Psalm 29.)

for in hath the joice he your Lord God: /I 18:2046.) Kings

rain moderately, the former given prophet, the and you the Israelitish Like country, Palestine, has like our own for the to will cause down come you he sings of the rain: Navajo season. a rainy both and The a dry latter rain, in rain the rain, former the and

winter from November to April is the the first month. (Joel 2:23.) Far as man can see,

time of rains, but when the winter fails Comes the rain, to bring moisture, there is danger of a They had their planting songs as well Comes the rain with me.

famine in the land. During the reign of as their harvest songs, and like the

From the rain Mount, Rain Mount far away, Comes the rain, Comes the rain with me.

Mid the lightnings, Mid the lightning zigzag, Mid the lightning flashing, Comes the rain, Comes the rain with me.

Through the pollen, Through the pollen blest, All in pollen hidden Comes the rain, Comes the rain with me.

Far as man can see, Comes the rain, Comes the rain with me.

Judea was never a great agricultural land or country, however. From the

dawn of history it was a pastoral land, and "the figure of the shepherd with his flock moves across every page of her history."David, the greatest of her

kings, and Amos, the first of her writing prophets, come from the sheep folds

THE SEA OF GALILEE and from following their flocks. The

King Ahab, there were three years of figure of the shepherd is taken often to rule, of best aspect express the human greatsuffered the people drought, and all the ascribed Indians, they is referred to as shepherd a and Jehovah of American the king ly. to Elijah's Ahab, words loving merciful gifts to of and nature a his people. of for his Israel, concern of indicative are

call of the them hears who who God cities small, Palestine of were The been has people. the of the welfare He lovers in faith their him. "Nature place all in glory not did her even Jerusalem romangrandest most called "the and high afraid; often a seek they not are rise In to a or the Ninevah. Babylon be Israel tic produced."that ever character

is hill to gathering, storm watch a when it is called of "Jebus, Judges, which book faith that that famine, In he of had days silent in reverence."progress So the is city the of Jerusalem, Jebusites."the the rains to the descend upon caused in describes psalmist storm a the words is city situated 19:1011.) ( Judges The under lands, the of kingdom and Judah

full the for of that are reverence power in table the the of midst mountainous saved. was Ahab his the control storms. of and of God is land, beautiful surrounded and by

Farming and Song Give unto the Lord, O ye mighty, give valleys. It was the seat of Israelitish

unto the Lord glory and strength. royalty, and became the center of the

of chief occupation was the Inarming temple of chosen took the God, which the glory unto due unto the Lord Give * Palestine of from the the people of of hosts. the old tabernacle in his of place the Lord worship the beauty name;

earliest days. When the children of holiness. If there is a place on earth sacred to

Israel reached the borders of the PromThe voice of the Lord is upon the waters: the hearts of men, it is Bethlehem.

ised Land, the Prophet Moses wrote: the God of glory thundereth: the Lord is "From that little town of Judah has gone

waters. upon many forth a has affected the power which thee into bringeth Lord For the thy God

... history. voice course of the world's of the Lord is powerful; the whole The of of water, land, of brooks a land a good

fountains and depths that spring out of valvoice of the Lord is full of majesty. It was in Bethlehem that Jesus was born,

leys and hills; The voice of the Lord breaketh the cedars; (Continued on page 522)

AUGUST, 1944 485 WHITE SISTER

oore

THEN BROWN TULE

BECAME AWARE OF A THIRD FIGURE

that empties into it,"Mocking Bird announced. "Why don't you go up the

white captive! What a "Oh, well, he must have given it to lake?"

agreed. right,"Tule "All Brown carathe I found Bird before thrilling Athing to have, thought Brown Mocking

I'll circle for me, because wait to "Don't sighed Tule seventeenyear-old Brown the van of wagons,"Apache Tule, on walk and the upper bend around circle herself. give her girl. he would now from Maybe A captive

the home."discovered since she something had that could tepees of white the strangetravel—the feel of the the liked Tule Brown strange caravan. of wagons! covered caravan The countrod as feet she bare her grass under cil already warriors old of and had men it will suppose be like, you do "What sight or there sound along. But no was strange of try the to get to one decided in to a white Tule, person have Brown strange of presence the any to indicate people. suddenly Bird camp?"our Mocking flies chirped, crickets human. The seen yet, never had Tule Brown As asked. lake; into the and frogs splashed buzzed, this she morning them. of had one Only it if girl like us,""Especially a were sursilence that which the only was like caravan, the mon- a discovered talk answered. Tule "She would Brown she herself as Tule rounded Brown serpent, crawling white strous down different, the oh, act the brushy through her picked different—and way in ridge pass the and mountain the from clothes she wear!"would little creatures. all lake the habitats of itself in spring cottonat the the coiling

sister, greeted Tule."strange of white person sign Brown any "A No> glade. wood

until reached she eyes Tule's is, Brown sister sister! herself, to a That herself A It Tule been Brown who had

itself. track she a the saw bend Then in said her mind. Tule own Brown first. train the had She seen wagon had

It queer such a in sand. the moist was sisters of plenty Bird Mocking had afraid, for not she had known been

that toes, heel foot without one; a a of none. three she had it there did one But was. was who them—but what

the in square dent a deep damp made Chief's In son. String, the know—Bow the at shocked earth. Tule was Brown peolived with fact, white once he had

JL sun but warm, was he several tracks sight. makThere were for just sevsuch in moving a ple camp in coolness there the along shade was sand. the across straight ing course a String's seeing eral weeks. Now, Bow lake. singing tules Birds the bending on of prints be one made by mast They afraid, not so face, Tule was Brown foretell to that of seemed autumn was queer people. strange those new, What the she been glad very had she was and cattail coming; the stems the of and wear! they moccasins must caravan. the discovered had one who that reeds the water's from up grew beating Tule's heart very was Brown voice Tule,'* suddenly a "Brown turning nearly edge brown. Crickwere fast. stood she long and moments For at reverie. her of called "Look out her chirped, frogs ets into splashed the to tried footprints. at the She gazed beads."my then, chilthe water red and and now their course, disapbut they follow girl friend, girl her to see turned The chattered. the of lake dren grass, rocks, the the the or into peared neckBird, out holding her Mocking

lace of polished bones. In the center "Brown Tule, do you think if we go shallow water near the shore. Look as

was a huge, pointed tooth of some across the lake we might see some stray she would, Brown Tule could not find a strange animal. creature from the caravan?"Mocking trace of them again; so she returned to

"Bow String gave the tooth to me Bird asked her friend. study the ones she had first found.

all polished and ready to put on the "Yes, Mocking Bird, maybe we What were those queer colored rocks string,"Mocking Bird explained. could."or grains of sand shining in her eyes?

For a moment Brown Tule ducked Silently, the two girls rowed the There were two of them, colored like the her head. She did not want the other canoe across the lake till they came to feathery clouds at sunset. She picked

pulling ashore, the boat with If and them disappointment. holes the in them a string. to be run on And Bowgirl—andto see the spark of envy in her eyes the shallow water. Then they waded them up. Then she saw that they had

that tying it bent to a willow over for to her surely only belong given her a bead the person the they mustString had string, Brown Tule would be the hapwater. who had made those footprints!

piest girl living beside the lake! "I'm going down the lake to the river {Continued on page 520)

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PENICILLINVL WoJer WloU

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Assistant Professor of Physics,

University of Utah

troduced into medicine in 1898 by Emmerich and Loew. It has the power of

killing some of the bacteria which cause disease in man. Another substance,

gramicidin, discovered by Dubos in

Photographs 1939, can be used for local disinfection by of wounds, but it is too toxic to be in- R.C.A.

Electron troduced into the blood stream.

Microscopes Tn 1920, Dr. (now Sir) Alexander

A Fleming at St. Mary's Hospital, London, noticed that colonies of staphylococcus aureus (pus germs) on an agar

plate were killed in the neighborhood of a contaminating dark graygreen

Themoststorydramaticof penicillinto comeis onefromof thisthe morecessaryeffective.for intestinalSulfas areinfections,also still nethe moldgrow colony,on stalenotbreadunlikeor thecheese.moldsGraspwhich

war. Moreover, it is one of the colon bacillus infections of the urinary ing the importance of what he saw, Dr.

greatest blessings to man, a constructive tract, and as a protective in epidemics of Fleming, who was interested in antigift from the general devastation of the pneumonia, menigitis, and other disseptics, cultured the mold, penicillium war. Its rapid development as a tool eases. In present practice forty to one notatum, and found that the mold proin healing man resulted from a simple hundred twenty thousand units per day duced in the broth where it was growobservation by a trained mind followed are given gradually by vein or intraing a substance which he named penicilby the careful research and close comuscular injection for about a week to lin, a substance powerful enough to preoperation of hundreds of scientists and cure the average case of an infection in vent the growth of many germs when

technical men in many fields in unithe body. For application to wounds, the broth was diluted eight hundred

versities, the medical profession, indusdepending on size, about fifty thousand times. He further found that the penitry, and government agencies, as well units in a salt solution are used. cillin did not harm the white blood cells

as AngloAmerican cooperation. The restriction of the growth of one which are in themselves bacteriafight-

The list of bacteria against which organism by another has been known ing.

penicillin is effective is impressive insince 1877 when Pasteur and Joubert Attempts to purify and isolate the deed, including streptococcus infections, noticed that anthrax bacilli were prepenicillin were not very successful since such as in childbirth fever and many vented from growing when certain it is so unstable. In 1939, Professor

cases of serious poisoning; staphylococother organisms were present. The ef- (now Sir Howard since he and Dr.

cus organisms as in boils, carbuncles, fect is a result of products formed by Fleming have recently been knighted) serious infections of bone and other orone organism which interfere with an- H. W. Florey with groups of distingans; pneumococcus in penumonia; another and are called "antibiotics."The guished collaborators in Oxford and

thrax; diphtheria; tetanus; gas gangrene; earliest antibiotic, pyocyanase, was in- (Continued on page 526)

gonococcus; meningococcus, actinomyces; the "woody tongue"of cattle, and

sometimes human disease; and the spirochete of syphilis. Recent reports record

success in treating cerebrospinal meningitis, inflammation of heart muscle (myocarditis), inflammation of bone marrow ( osteomyelitis ), and inflammation of body tissues ( cellulitis ), and in revealThesethephotographseffect of diseaseon treatingthe of relapsing fever and bacteria.penicillin These micropsittacosis fever in or parrot mice. bacthe graphs show

teria staphylococcus is cureall in mediThere no universal 38,- magnified cine, penicillin exception. is no and As aureus 000 times with

Electron Microlimi- R.C.A. penicillin sulfa drugs, thewith the has

scope. The bacteria

tations. Penicillin tubernot affect does above as a shown

culosis, plague, chlorea, malaria, ungrape-likefore penicillinclusteris bein- dulant fever, and the colon bacillus and troduced and (right) related organisms. It is effective against after penicillin has afstreptococcus, pneumonia, and gonorgerms.fected the infectious

hea infections which resist sulfa drugs.

However, there are no unpleasant aftereffects which are sometimes found with sulfa drugs. On those organisms where

both the sulfa drugs and penicillin are useful, the latter is usually quicker and

AUGUST, 1944 487 PIONEER SHEEP

East, and she seems as much entitled to it as anyone. Her grandson, Parley A.

Murdock, says she had three ewes and a ram, and that the Murdock family always kept sheep from then on. He is

an elderly veteran now, living in retirement at Heber City, Utah, and says he took the first sheep up Provo Canyon in 1874 to the Deer Creek area for summer grazing.

Sally Murdock lost her husband and one son in the early days of the Mormon—Photograph by exodus from the East. The thrifty widHenry H. Graham ow had the back of her wagon cut so

three sheep ( or four ) could be led under it. Then, while her eldest surviving son

—Joseph Stacy Murdock—helped drive

son—fourteenyear-oldthe company's cattle herd,Nymphasthe youngestCorifamily's oxthe don Murdock—drove as first long has a sheep"been the general launched improvement"Tnumb first this in bringing conteam andcow people. witless for a the symbol industry. of sheep American A J into signment sheep of standardtype

classic slur these defenseless on -I—S wilds unsettled the of Utah.

is "If that old animals there conundrum: trailed the westward Mormons \T7hen sheep those sheared Mrs. Murdock

* * ten in out, gets are one a sheep pen and the the Plains across from Great times, did pioneer as most many women left?"are say many you how When to the Missouri River MounRocky flocks, their herdsometimes even with

is: retort the sure "Nine,""Well, you tains, miles wild of of over hundreds well. ing as wool, the them She washed sheep."don't know in the country, sheep and rugged were it it, spun, carded, then and dyed wove is that there opprobrious term Then inhistoric in the caravan. milestone An herself, for into cloth clothes to make at the stockyards—"A 22, dustry 1847, September was when Judas"—meansons, others not did her and two who or the ing trained animal his goat to lead Salt in Sally arrived Stacy Murdock luxury. of her such a have One women into the slaughter pens, mates he where trailing three sheep Valley with Lake said: friends pioneer

their to leaves returns death them and her emigrant wagon.

for another batch of victims. A small band of Mexican or SpanishWhen Sally came here, she had made nine

fine pairs in of beautiful hose bright wool in it that, region type sheep the before other the hand, was be hard would On colors, special in design. to favor a some As the these to but woolies brought that other prove animal conhas any in by

girl let friends, she a her them would wear first the eastern sheep tributed to were the welfare more proand Mormons to dress pair of stockings her match a new gress of mankind than has "the poor, to reach the land that is now Utah. One when they were going to a dance.

dumb sheep."The earliest sagas of source on Mormon history says 358

recorded history bear evidence of this sheep were listed among livestock Those pioneer sheep growers had service. You find sheep literally roambrought by the emigrants of 1847. unique methods. They would often

ing all through the Bible and other hisWell aware that they were headed drive the sheep through a stream to help torical records of civilized man. for a primitive wilderness, where no inwash the sand out of the wool so it

There is the story of Abel, that the dustries or permanent settlements excould be carded and spun more easily.

offering from his flocks was more acisted, Mormon leaders had foreseen the In later years, when alkali showed up ceptable to the Lord as a sacrifice; of need for livestock by which to furnish in the clay lands, where irrigation water

Noah who was admonished to take into food and clothing, besides manufacturwas used, early residents recorded that the ark two animals of every kind; of ing materials and other goods to insure pioneer sheep growers around Manti

Moses, tending sheep when the Lord aptheir selfsustaining existence. discovered that the alkali, or saleratus,

peared to him in the burning bush. And Thomas Grover was one of the imwas good for washing wool. When this

to whom but lowly shepherds, watching migrants who arrived with sheep and brittle, crusted substance dried out in their flocks in the hills of Judea, was another livestock about the same time as the spring, it was gathered and used to history—thenounced the birthgreatestof theeventSaviorin humanin a heMrs.herdedMurdockhis flocksand thather fallcompany,in the footfor woolcut thewhitegreaseandon thefluffy.sheep,Thisleavingpracticethe

humble livestock manger. hills north of Salt Lake City where the continued until some persons gathered

This ovine halo has been transmitted town of Centerville was founded. it too near the surface of the ground,

on down through every movement of Grover has sometimes been credited getting dirt in it, then other washing people. Probably no migration in history for having brought the first eastern methods had to be found.

was ever planned that did not include sheep to Utah, but that question desheep for clothing and food. In colonial pends on whether his company of MorCheep herding was a dull business in

days, sheep landed with other newcommons reached Salt Lake valley ahead of ** pioneer days, as it is now. To break

ers at Plymouth Rock and Jamestown. the group Sally Stacy Murdock bethe monotony, boys found sport in

Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, and longed to. That plucky widow has been watching rams fights—often enticing

Consul Jarvis, during the period of about frequently given the historic honor of them into it. It would make anybody

1800 to 1820, imported purebreds and having arrived first with sheep from the shiver to watch a pair of hostile rams 488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pany of Mormons that came to Utah brought one or more cows, sheep, other livestock, and all sorts of equipment for building up the western land.

in the territory * woolen goods new in advertised Gaunt. Dm oLamont sokndon '"Phewas first known manufacturer of Matthew He

CONDENSED FROM "THE WESTERN FARM LIFE"the Church newspaper, The Deseret

News, on July 10, 1852, that he was prepared to card wool at his woolen factory on the Jordan River, ten miles south of Salt Lake City. He solicited

wool from all producers in Mormon setsuddenly face each other, duck their "a deed to the land, all of Goodyear's tlements which were already branching heads and back off a few yards, and improvements, 75 cattle, 75 goats, 12 out in all directions.

then come crashing together in a tersheep, 6 horses and a cat he had bought Gaunt had started his establishment rific headon collision. Sometimes one earlier in the year from one of the Morin 1851, and announced again in Nowould be knocked out or be so jarred mons."vember, 1 852, that he had started weavthat he would walk away in a mopish Thus, while this bit of recorded hising cloth materials. Within the next

gesture that his opponent was victoritory leaves no doubt that Miles Goodseveral years, numerous other busious. year had obtained a few of the native nesses of the same kind got under way.

Many other episodes could be related Mexicantype sheep which had been Improved machinery was hauled across in telling how the sheep and wool inslowly spreading over the western the plains as fast as it could be obtained, dustry developed from almost primitive country, since the time of Coronado for Brigham Young's guiding principle methods in those pioneer days of the and Escalante, the pioneer Murdock was to make his people as independent

West. All of these, one improved upon family and other Mormons still held the as possible by inducing them to proanother, confirm the adage that "neceshonor of having brought in the first vide for themselves in every way they

sity is the mother of invention,"for out standard breeds on which Utah's great could.

of them came a breeding enterprise that sheep and wool industry was founded. Instead of the isolation they had

has won worldwide prestige. No time was wasted in developing sought, no sooner had the Mormons

Miles Goodyear was the man who that industry. When Brigham Young started building their homes and indushad Spanishtype sheep in that Utah went back to Mormon headquarters at tries than a still greater migration put

area before the Mormons arrived. Winter Quarters, Nebraska, he gave them on one of the heaviest traveled

About 1 842, he had established trapping his remaining followers there a message routes in American history. Gold disand trading headquarters on the Weber dated December 23, 1847. In telling covery in California brought thousands

River near the present site of Ogden. them of the new settlement on the Great of travelers through the new Utah setHere he had different kinds of livestock, Salt Lake, and what goods were tlements—a fact which proved to be a

including horses, cattle, sheep, and needed, he said: blessing in disguise.

goats. in July, 1 847, time they reached By the Goodyear One day Utah, hunkinds with Bring of choice you all riding east seeds dreds of goldseekers in mountains was imeither became fruits, of the of grain, vegetables shrubbery, and

Great Salt Lake, when he encountered trees and vines, also the best stock of beasts, patient over the slow traveling, or found one of the first companies of the Morbird or fowl of every kind, also the best themselves short of feed for their weary mon expedition as it neared the end of tools and machinery for spinning or weavanimals. They were glad to sell these

its historic exodus. ing or dressing cotton, wool, flax or silk, or at bargain prices to the Mormons for

. description of the models and and same supplies enough to enable them to hurry source says One immeGoodyear

all in to relation of kinds the same.farming. to California the on selldiately gold fields of started negotiations ahead toward - shell as and husbandry, corn such their competitors. ing his holdings to the newcomers by ers,utensils threshers cleaners, grain and smut maadvising them that the route down chines, mills, etc. Thus, the Mormons obtained sheep,

Weber River was much the better for cattle, horses, and all kinds of equipreaching the Great Salt Lake. Mormon That exhortation was fully complied ment in quantity and at prices they

scouts, however, ruled otherwise, and with, and it was followed by others in could not have paid at the usual mode the immigrants followed a more souththe ensuing years. Nearly every com- {Continued on page 525)

ern route which they called Emigration

Canyon to their destination into what is—U. S. Forest Service Photo

now Salt Lake City.

Brigham Young had brought his followers to this distant land so they could be alone, with no Outsiders to mingle with, or to continue the persecutions from which they had fled in their long migration across the Great Plains and the Rocky Mountains. He authorized

Captain James Brown to buy out Goodyear's holdings.

With money brought back from California as pay for Mormon soldiers serving in the United States Army,

Captain Brown completed his negotiations November 25, 1847. At a price of

nearly $2,000, he secured full title to all of Goodyear's holdings on Weber

River, to which Goodyear claimed ownership through a special grant given him by the government of Mexico before the Mexican War victory won the land for the United States.

Captain Brown's purchase covered

AUGUST, 1944 489

TRIAL

BY FIRE

Dm j aJLientenant f\aut f\. Lc,annm9

repeated that it is not helps, but obstacles, not facilities, but difficulties that make men."I think of these things,

and then I stop feeling sorry for myself.

I thank my God for the privilege of having tests to endure, and I ask him for strength that I might overcome them and thus become stronger in so doing.

is elicited fall darkest of in thunderbolt each year, from the I,N the probYou parents at home should with home, when faced near we arethe mountains storm."And my

troubled by terrible and consuming lems which confront every man who not be misled. Your sons in the service

forest fires. Their magnitude is appallhas left his home to join her defenders, are standing great tests. The full power

ing and their power devastating, and so I have often recalled this experience and of evil is leveled against them. Imit becomes the duty of every available the lesson I gained from it. I think of morality is almost universal; temptation

man to aid in their control Since my nature's trial by fire; and I recall the is everywhere. An opportunity to "exboyhood days I have gone with the men fact which so many of us forget: That periment"is always before them. Each

of our valley to help save what we could "he who wrestles with us strengthens day, they stand a trial by fire as intense of nature's great crop of timber. And our nerves and sharpens our skill.... as that of the Lodge Pole. Remember

up there where the smoke was thick and Our antagonist is our helper. The weak that when you think of them and write

the heat intense, I learned one of my sinews become strong by their conflict to them. But remember, too, that each

first lessons about nature and her ways with difficulties. It can not be too often test they overcome makes them strongcall mightof selfpreservation. We it er.mindI themwouldofsuggestthis. Helpthatthemoftento yourealize,reis. it surely thather Trial by Fire, for

rethe available, that every means I learned there experiences From my IN A ROADSIDE small AUTUMN bysult over masters of becoming comthat more Murrayana, the Pinus C. Shaw By Mary is strength of trials the development Pine, Pole as the Lodge knownmonly

greater overcome they with which may is localityis in tree that which the only fall drifts crimson, bronze, of in and THEY doing, to that so see ones. them by Help fires. the In great the surviveable to gold, character build strength of and they I invariably their destruction,path of the cherished summer's Leaves warmth by evil just surely as as resistance to beginning pinesfound a new dews, and life—small calisthenics they their morning through troubled forest. mystery Thisa me new the flowers roadside the blanket from To bodies. build strong Help muscles and I until investigated andconsiderably frost greatest also, realize, that your to them I is learned: its answer. This whatfound rivaling sunset's colors hues. In a

is clean return that desire should they forest, the flames rage through As their turn cheeks cherries dark toward Wild they than even, men, andkilling blaze go, which very the they as fine—better the sun Tell to they war. them went were when perpetuates. also Lodgeimmolates The air; the rich faint Flinging perfume a on in the of often confidence have you fire defeat the to uses alone PinePole

orchestra cricket softly with Birds cheep of this source give them; them added It theits employs purpose. same own

strength to draw. which from who understands a creature's prayTo One Then its cones andheat kills it to open which

er, optimistic, to realize help them to be fall to in its seeds. turnrelease These

earth, embrace the soil, and begin new For He who wafts the downy milkweed up that these things which seem so difficultlife. Snowwhite against the heaven's azure dome are really tests—opportunities in disGuides well a long flight south through day guise—a challenge to a fighting man!

1 have often thought of and night, Do these things, and when the flames of this miracle of adaptability, and philosGives food and drink, safe haven of new worldliness begin to lick at the virgin ophized about the tree's genius for home. forests of young Latterday Saints, they

bringing good out of disaster. I have will understand the cunning of the adthought, too, of Cotton's words, that All this sweet autumn beauty has a part... versary and they will grow straight

"the purest ore is produced from the To warm and cheer and strengthen every and strong in faith. They, too, will

hottest furnace, and the brightest heart! stand their Trial by Fire.

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GIRL IN A PINK 3adcinator

J. POULSENSheingwasa brightjust apinkslip fascinatorof a girl, wearand a By EZRA

gray raincoat, with a soldier's jacket folded neatly over one arm.

When I first saw her through the bus window, coming out of the station at

Ogden, Utah, I wondered which one of

Uncle Sam's boys made it a practice to leave the upper part of his uniform in the custody of his girl friend.

A moment later, she came in out of the mist of fine rain. There was an undertone of seriousness in her blue eyes,

though her lips registered an appealing smile, and her curly ashblonde hair seemed unusually girlish.

"May I sit in this seat?"she asked

politely.

"Certainly."

I moved over. She took off her fascinator, shook out the raindrops, and

folding it with meticulous care, laid it on her lap over the jacket. My eyes

seemed rivited to the uniform, and she sensed the necessity of an explanation.

"I'm going up to see my husband,"she said, as we rolled out into the highway. "He's at Bushnell."

"Bushnell?"I repeated, suffering a

mild shock; for instantly, I visualized

the huge aggregation of new buildings huddled close to the Wasatch Mountains. Bushnell is one of our greatest

military hospitals, where thousands of soldiers, sailors, and marines are fighting the toughest of all battles—the battle to

get back to health.

My flood of questions was not asked. They were unnecessary.

"Jim has been up there for over a month. It's getting cold now, so I'm

taking his jacket,"she remarked in simple eloquence. "He has a head

wound. They don't seem to know how

he's going to get along. The doctors

are puzzled."She paused, as if to quiet

a tremor in her bosom, then went on. "I

have a job in a war plant, but I manage to get up to the hospital every day."

This was amazing, for the hospital is twentyfive miles from Ogden.

"It costs a dollar for each round trip,"the garage. Oh, that would be grand!"and said goodbye very pleasantly.

she explained. "But I've not missed once She rested her head against the back of Then, I saw her going up the road in

in thirty days,"she added with a touch the seat and closed her eyes; a sigh esthe rain. Her chin was up, and she

of pride. "It means so much to Jim."caped her lips and trembled through her walked with the spirited courage of a

I looked The rain was getting heavier; and the slender body. soldier. We rolled on, and

sodden fields and orchards, flying past Then, in a moment she was alert back. At the crest of the first hill, she

the window, were cheerless in the again, vibrant with the eager courage seemed such a child in her pretty pink drizzle. of youth. fascinator, and her gray raincoat

seemed almost to blend with her sur-

I asked her where she was from. The rain continued to increase. She roundings, but her step was as spirited

fascinator tied head, her her as over ever, as didn't she and a pause even replied far she "Ohio,"with a away "It's stop. the mile neared a and we for breath. a moment "Ilook. before; never mountains saw

I hospital, half to the don't but up mind II didn't think I they're would; ever but this, reflected, is And of the one rain, the either."the walk—nor Ifbeautiful. gets better, going we're kids Jim thought soft spoiled. were we and

back home. He can have his old job in The bus lurched to a stop. She smiled I pray God that Jim may get well.

AUGUST, 1944 491 "Projects of this kind are wonderful.

, Writing letters on your own, to well, does much you know boyskfld Secret l/l/eeaponip the just never can as well. good, know You

how important your letterlinks to a boy's religious life will prove to be. The

Discouragement, loneliness, and very fact that you write to him, howtemptation are his enemies; his LETTERS ever short the letter, will be deeply apinner strength, his shield. He is preciated by a lonely boy. He may be

in constant need of the fortifications of too busy to answer. That shouldn't stop

our love and confidence; he must reiSu Melen v->ai you. Write anyway.

ceive new supplies of strength from the And aside from the good you may vast reservoir of the gospel. Our letdo him and do his friends, through him,

ships the supply of the pleasure you will get from ters to him can be think that must combat too Tt's Johnny bad vital cargo. of such reserves bear it yourself.which * slight all this alone, when, a very by

effort, we could help him inestimably.

The letters his friends and loved ones keeps him the link which methods of saywrite can be have wonderful We

Saint and Nature's Way contact with in constant his Church farewelling to our Latterday

Johnnies when they go off to fight. Can with his priesthood. We can help him (Concluded from page 480)

you remember how your own brother, meet the great adjustments of the war the home life of the bacteria unlivable perhaps, was honored in sacrament without the deteriorating effect on his to a great extent. Excess water will at

meeting, and praised in Sunday ideals. We can fill in the chinks in his least slow down the functioning of the

School? He was pointed to with pride armor and thus help to render imsoil bacteria and therefore lessen the

by the grownups and observed with potent the numerous temptations that rate at which plant food is made availadmiration by the children. He was clutch at his strength and tend to pull able to the plants.

given encouragement by his bishop, and him down to a lower level. Looking at this problem in a negative

mis- a going on that he wasreminded is the to if applied too water way, much job wonderful doing are a boys Our if duly been had truly he as assion is little air now soil, therefore made too and whole. us, the representing on of We field labor of into by sent acalled and that conditions such available, be can don't them. justly of proud can be Why told authorities. wasthe He Church function. life to will cease bacterial that If tell fellow so? a knows them we preach Mormonismthat if must he this continues, now period, long a Over with being activities watched are his fanfare it. left amid you living availHe willby to cease be plant made food it will be at home, people the pride by with carrying tears, halfconcealed life will ceaseand plants, plant for able and hit the to trying easier for keep to him ideals and high his of strength the final life in thehim multiply. animal All to living. right of mark beliefs. religious life for plant is depending upon analysis

fine, indeed. is The this is life if very All plant therefore, existence, in its is talk. just idle not Keeping This over helped sendoff his him ofwarmth handicapped seriously nonexistent or is will the touch with boy away who of adjustments a difficult new first life willthe its vanin animal development, results. exare gratifying There enthusiastic life. and bringkind of was earth. He the the face ish of from this in being of done amples work good honor bring to his part and if toeager excess angle, do another from Viewed in Recently, wards. when many way his Church. to his family andto of percolation lowthe is applied, water it its of losing so male began many

members to the armed forces, one Suner depths in the soil or the runoff from available will plant carry the surface class on the magnificent took School day be land the and it will food away from constant in touch with of keeping task It is not the violent opposition to his far or as farm a particular so wasted all boys. every is absent the of It faith. the his Now, thatideals endangers

is excess of concerned. This piece land asclass given the are religion, the members to indifference weekintangible

kills the of, activity the or retards water the letters write, to signments and of with contact daily eSectinsidious of soil. beneficial in the that are bacteria at letters receive fellows gone is are telling his who that concepts onworldly

inner strength. intervals from some member of the If one who handles soil can keep in

will fundamentals, these he do mind time. different each member have Mormons class—a We

get the possible proper to everything of recently a list mimeographed people."can They being a "peculiaron prided ourselvesWe

soil moisture of air, and combination the of boys addresses and differentness the nameswell among maintain our ourselves, but this same peculiarity can who are gone, and distributed copies available for the bacteria as well as the give one lone Latterday Saint service among the ward members to enable roots of the plants being produced. In

man abroad a sense of loneliness and others to write to the boy with less other words, the better the home that is isolation among others. On the other trouble. They sent copies of this list made for these beneficial bacteria of the

hand, he may, in adjusting himself to also to the boys themselves, to help soil, the better will be the home for the those around him, allow his religion to them keep track of their former classthriving of abundant roots and root suffer a gradual dimout. It is the subtle mates. Interesting enclosures are frehairs on the crops being produced. This

dayby-day grind, a barely discernible quently put into the letters. A boy in same favorable combination of natural

but constant assault on his faith that Samoa may open his letter from the processes will also make available more leaves its mark on him. Sunday School class and find in the enplant food for the crops, all of which

His new job, so apart from his past velope the month's ward teachers'results in more abundant productivity.

interests and duties, can gradually put message, or the program of the latest The farmer who thinks of his soil as his Church into the background. Letters sacrament meeting. They sent copies of so much "dirt"will probably not do as

from his friends drop off, one by one. the conference message to the boys last good a job of farming as the one who

Contact with his old activities is broken. fall. They enclose invitations to parties looks upon his soil as literally teeming

Memories of important experiences in in the ward. During the recent Eta with bacterial life, placed there by an

his life at home grow vague. He has drive, the members of the class dug all Wise Providence as a fundamental

gone into a new kind of world, and gone deep, and, with the additional help of process in man's temporal salvation. A

there alone. He lives among new peoother ward members, obtained subproper combination of air, moisture

ple, works with them, loves and respects scriptions to the Era for every boy who (water) and sunshine {The Vital Trimany of them, and comes to know them had been called from the ward—whethad) is of prime importance in plant

well. It is difficult, in the wear and tear er he had been an ardent Churchgoer propagation. This is nature's way, and

of his new activity, for Johnny to be difor not. They are now attempting to she will repay tenfold for efforts made

ferent, and to teach, through living, his continue giving subscriptions to the in cooperation with her in these natural religion. boys as they go out. processes.

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LUCY TAYLOR ANDERSEN

Second Coundelo

IN THE GENERAL PRESIDENCY OF THE Y.W.M.I.A.

OSu Melena \AJ. oLarton

GENERAL SECRETARY, Y.W.M.i.A.

this new responsibility seemed the logical step forward.

This month marks the publication of a new Bee Keepers'Handbook and a

Bee Hive Girls'Handbook—the work

of the Bee Hive committee, but primarily of Sister Andersen who as chairman of that committee has written all of the lesson material. She says of her work,

"I am no writer; yet as I would sit at

my typewriter hour after hour and day after day, inspiration seemed to come to me, and I was surprised on reading the work afterwards to find how many new thoughts were included there,"

LUCY TAYLOR ANDERSEN Those who have read any of the prodigious number of lessons (ninety) which she has written for the three years of the

Bee Hive work attest to the inspiration LUCY ANDERSEN shown in her writings and the outAS A CHILD

ToLucythoseTaylorwho Andersenhave workedand havewith willstandingbe to helpall beeherkeepers.clear, completeThousandsguidesof

seen her nevertiring zeal for girls throughout the Church will be inCo that you may know Sister AndersenChurch work, her vast resources of new spired and become finer in the months and thus appreciate her as her colove enthusiasms,ideas her genuine and to her do, let us take back you workers years of the valubecause and to come desire to help them, itof people and was It service. at the age was first Church material she into able is thus putting

no surprise to learn of her appointment their hands. of thirteen that she became a teacher

July 5, 1944, to the position of second in the Sunday School, and ever since counselor in the general presidency of she has been active in one or more of the Young Women's Mutual ImproveLeft: Helena W. Larson and Sister Andersen the auxiliaries. Perhaps her love of the

ment Association. Her Church service Symbolwith thebooknewkeptBee inHivethe generalband andboardthe office.Bee Hive gospel has been strengthened by her

has been so large a part of her life that Right: Sister Andersen mounting one of hot (Continued on page 524)

innumerable paintings.

AUGUST, 1944 493 Hie Church Moves On

Martyrdom Anniversary

/"""'hurch called inmemberssacramenteverywhereservices and reby other appropriate ways, June 25 through OAKLAND WARD,STAKE OAKLAND

July 2, the martyrdom of Joseph and

Hyrum Smith, Prophet and Patriarch, at hasfive enjoyedfaithful thebishopsleadershipsince itsof

Carthage, Illinois, June 27, 1844. organization.

Special services were held at Carop FrontCharlesrow,C.leftCan,to right:BishopBishEu-

thage, Tuesday, June 27, attended by gene Jacobs.

Joseph F. Smith, Patriarch to the Shields,Back Bishoprow: BishopAngus JohnH. Nor-G.

J. berg, Bishop Doxey. Rulon radio broadChurch. A fifteenminute

bishops these of has Each Carthage,cast was given over WCAZ, in the order served named.

at 4:45 which included group singing

and an historical talk by Elder Smith.

Then the group hurried to the Carthage

Jail where, at 5:15, the hour of the

martyrdom, Elder Smith offered an inspirational prayer befitting the occawearing at the time of his death. Acappointment comes after nine years of

sion. cording to accounts Hyrum was shot service as teacher, counselor in the ward

Later in the evening special services through the back and the musket ball presidency, ward president, and stake were held at the gravesides of the penetrated his body, coming out through president. She is the wife of Ray E.

Prophet and Patriarch, and Emma a coat pocket and striking the watch. Lloyd, an engineer of the U.S. Public

Smith, wife of Joseph Smith. ParticipatThe silver hallmarks on the watch bear Roads Administration now in Nicarathe inscription of a London assay office gua.

It 1830. of of the possession is now

of Salt Smith a William F. Nauman Dies G. Lake City, Ralph

greatgrandson of Hyrum Smith. HThe gardener who helped make the

* Salt Lake Temple Square a place

Literature Committee of worldrenowned beauty is dead.

Colder Joseph Fielding Smith is William F. Nauman, 74, was stricken

"-"'chairman of a new committee with on a train while returning from a vacaElders John A. Widtsoe and Harold B. tion. He died at San Jose, California,

Lee of the Council of the Twelve and July 3. A native of Germany he worked

Elder Marion G. Romney, assistant to in the Peacock Island gardens of Emthe Twelve, as members, which will peror Wilhelm. Later he directed the

supervise all books published by and greenhouses and landscaping on the for the Church and all lessons prepared estate of Grand Duke Franz Joseph. He

for study in priesthood classes, auxiliwas baptized in 1897 and soon emiary organizations, seminaries, and grated. He began his work at the TemChurch schools. ple Square January 10, 1904.

Y.W.M.I.A. Counselor Relief Society Report

in sewing elief Society members projects the throughout Church TL'ucytheTaylorgeneral Andersen,board Bee chairmanHive comof R mittee, has been appointed second councompleted 244,636 articles of clothing selor in the Y.W.M.I.A. presidency. and related items during the year 1943.

Verna W. Goddard has been adQuilts constituted the largest group of

vanced to first counselor to General articles made with 23,114 completed.

President Lucy Grant Cannon, succeed- A total of 4488 quilts was made by speing Helen Spencer Williams who was cial assignment for bishops'storehouses.

recently released. Mrs. Andersen, who The sewing project work was done by

;;v.:;;;:!;ij '""": t * I':':'"*:: becomes second counselor, is the daughan average of 32,892 women per month,

ter of John H. Taylor of the First Counwhich was an increase of fifteen percent

HYRUM SMITH'S WATCH cil of the Seventy, and the wife of in participation over 1942, although the—Photograph, courtesy Salt Lake Telegram Waldo M. Andersen of the Ensign output increased one hundred percent.

Stake presidency. She has filled a misCentral Pacific Mission

sion in the Northern States. (See alsoing Smith, with Patriarch Northern is Mission Japanese 'HPhe now known 493.) page

States President I. StodMission David Pacific * as the Mission. Central The

dard, Joseph A. McCrea, caretaker of Board Member First Presidency also announces that

the Carthage Jail, and Wilford C. TUIrs. Leone G. Layton, a counselor this mission will work with Japanese in

Wood at Nauvoo were J. E. VanderiV1 in the Wells (Salt Lake City) the Hawaiian Islands and elsewhere in

wood and J. C. Page, Nauvoo members Stake Relief Society presidency has the central Pacific.

of the Reorganized Church of Jesus been appointed a member of the Relief Edward L. Clissold who has been

Christ of Latter Day Saints, which owns Society General Board. president of the Japanese Mission since

the property, and Mayor Horton of early in 1943 has been released because

Nauvoo. Primary Board Member of his increased naval duties. Castle H.

Among the many interesting features pyxiE Penrose Lloyd, president of Murphy, president of the Hawaiianpresented in newspaper and magazine the South Salt Lake Stake Primary Mission, has taken temporary charge of columns was this picture of Hyrum Association, has been named as a memthe Central Pacific Mission, until a sucSmith's watch which the Patriarch was ber of the Primary General Board. The cessor is named.

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Argentine Mission Berlin] with urgent requests for books, manSacred Grove office their etc., uals, blanks, because report

of Juarez, of Colonia Scouts Ernest\I7 Young Doy entirely. Unfortunately destroyed has been

States *'the Eastern Mexico, was appointed July 8, by the '\ * all their stocks from they in 1940 moved the PalmyraMission—TroopBranch of

the First Presidency as president of different printers to Berlin, so that nothing 61 of Ganargwa district of Fingers the Argentine Mission. He succeeds is left. We will do our best to help them Lakes Council—have taken as a sumJames L. Barker who was appointed in out.... mer project the charting of the trees and

May, 1942. I can't close this without telling you that plant life to be found in the Sacred

we have now four elders from the western Grove. The preliminary survey showed

states as internees in Switzerland. Amerithat while beech trees predominate, the

can flyers who were forced to land in oldest trees are sugar or rock maples,

Keith First Lieutenant Switzerland: W. Rich

Officer Barwith some elm, white ash, a few nut Flight Idaho; from Montpelier,

low D. Brown from Seattle (his father is trees, and several other varieties. All

stake president there); a Brother Harper members of this troop are active memfrom Brigham City, and an elder whose name bers of the Aaronic Priesthood.

we were not yet told.... Missionaries Released

M.I.A. Girls'Homes California.Argentine: Raymond Glen Brewer, Sacramento,

City, Salt Beyer, Lake California: Harro Christoff 'TpHE

Zina Miller, Herriman, Utah; Lorin Utah; Spencer * Y.W.M.I.A.fourteen Saltare LakeoperatingCity Pinestake Utah; Thomas William Eliza Knight, Taylor Ogden.

Plain Kenley, Frederick Utah; James Ogden, as crest Inn, Canyon, in Emigration a Knight,City, Utah. to for girls from spot vacation June 19 Salt Lake States: Thomson, Kenneth Brown Central

Utah; Glover, Midvale, City, Calvin Utah; George 1. Ordinarily September the girls'home

City, Salt Utah. Lake Passey, Hand at Brighton, atop CanWallace Big Cottonwood Iverson, Vilette Olsen States: Eastern Mrs. Mary

Washington, Iverson, D.C.; Gustave A. is Washington, is that maintained yon, but home

City, Salt Utah; Lake Stevens D.C.; Thomas, Gwyn this for repairs year. closed Utah. Salt Lake Whipple, Leonard David W. ERNEST JAMES L. BARKER YOUNG Cross, Bernards, Japanese: LeGrand City,Woods M. stakes Utah, Sharon Provo and The

City, Utah; Salt Burns, Lake Everett Utah; Grant

girls'operating also the are a on home Springville, Utah; David Mark Clyde, Grant Edward president as President served Young Gardner. Clifton Utah; Dyches, Monroe, Howard in slope eastern Timpanogos of Mount

Richfield, Gledhill, of the Idaho; Rodger Blackfoot, Argentina Mission from Theodore July, Canyon. Provo Utah; Logan, Jr., Willard Hansen, Charles Utah; until will 17, 1935, 1938. October He Utah. Moroni, Nielsen, Orlando Merlin

Richhis Anderson, again wife,be England: accompanied Richmond Meldrum Ceby New President Temple

City, Salt field, Lake Cornwall Utah; Hammond, West cile their son, and Skousen Young, JoUtah; Salt City, Powell, Junior Lake Harold Utah; president of the E. Woolley, alph HawaiianO City, Orleyseph Salt Utah; three Lake Updegraff, of Carl James Young, one Howard was who Stake, has as appointed been Oahu Bunkerville, Nevada; Donald Dee Waite, Williamchildren their previous with them on Stewart, Fairview, Utah. at of the president Temple, Hawaiian

Angeles, Black,mission. Forest Los States: Ring Northern Laie, Hawaii, L. succeeding Edward California. It is that expected President Mrs. and Salt Naylor, Lake Laird Garth California: Northern Clissold.

will Spencer Bancroft, Yost, Idaho; City, in returnBarker Salt to time Utah; Fred Lake

for him to take up his professorship of Service Men Coordinator HamlinNorth Osborn,Central: LosDeeAngeles,Olphin Jarrett,California.Nephi. Utah.

Chih., Colonia Dublan, languages Farnswoth,modern at the University of Mexican: Erma of Castle President H. Murphy Arizona; Thatcher, Hall, the Mexico; Sevey Phoebe fall.Utah this Isidro AleMexico; Colonia Martineau, Juarez, Edna has been Hawaiian Mission apLa- Lorin Bautista, Mexico; jandro Colonia Dublan,

Swiss Mission Activities pointed as an assistant coordinator for Salle Taylor. Colonia Dublan, Mexico; Sabina Estrada,

Mexico. Guerrero, service in stationed the Villa L.D.S. men

Tregaskis, American Richard Lyle Southern assistant E."Plder Thomas McKay, Pacific. address His is 1580 South Utah; Shurtliff Kamas. Winterton. Fork, Utah; States:Hyrum** to the president of the Twelve, and Street, Beretania Honolulu, (Concluded on 510) T.H. page

European Mission, has received the first word from the Saints in Switzerland in over two years. Part of the letter from Bishops of the St. Anthony SecStake, Yellowstone Ward, Zimmer, acting mission president, ondMax

left are: reading from to rightfollows Bishop Jensen Present Leonard

We are happy to report that we are all (1944- ); Sidney Neilson (1938of 44) the ward now presidentsafe that and well and the mission is in good

Edgar Westerberg O.condition. In the of Y.M.M.I.A.; part Germanspeaking of (193238), a member nowSwitzerland we still have our eighteen Yellowstone Stake high council;the

(192432), Severn a Swensen nowbranches going with their priesthood on

Yellowstone Stake of the and member.. auxiliary before the war. work as council; high and John M. White,

In 1941 and 1942 we took over a number who presided from the ward's orin to to 1924, 1921 ganizationof suffering those children, for Belgian poor presiStake Yellowstone becomesix months. expenses mostly paid were The since dent, released.—Reported

Saints our friends. Swensen. Luettoby by Mrs. and has been As this

stopped we sent five hundred Swiss francs to Brother Devignez (through the Red forCross) Saints, Belgian in 1943. our needy MISSONAR1ES WHO REPORTED AT MISSIONARY HOME JUNE 12, 1944, LEFT JUNE 21 AND 22 current anFor the year to send we decided

other one thousand francs, that is in foodstuff, shoes, and clothing, five hundred to be paid by the mission and five hundred to be paid by our three biggest branches, Basle,

Bern, and Zurich.

Two years ago we made an appeal to our Saints to devote at least two hours a week to special work in spreading the message of the Church and winning friends, out of thankfulness to our Heavenly Father for his protecting care. The Saints responded in

a wonderful way. During the last four years

had an average of thirty to forty bapwe right: Johnson, left to Porter, from Reading June Melvin Lynn Anniemarie Immerthal. Max Conley,

... tisms Shirley B. Cotton, Gleave, Lydia M. Sorensen, Davis. Grace a year. Ann Mary Zaugg, Don

E. Berrett, Avonell Gutierrez, row: Dolores Second Sorenson, Maria Ernest Demke, Demke, Wm. Meta In regard to our literature we Johnson, LaPriel Ragnhild Christie Olsen, Spencer, Lillie Blanche Taylor. Marquess, John R. Jean sold of the out Standard Works. P. Weare almostshould Gutierrez, Jose Third Davis, row: G. Reuben Helen Gunter, Alice Coombs, Odenwalder, Edna Marie

print a new edition of Doctrine and CoveRuby Johnson, Carl Johnson, Minnie H. Taylor, Berniece Sessions.

Lindell, Luella Virginia row: Christopherson, Nelson, Molly Beth Manwaring, Donna Montague,nants of and Mormon. Book We S. Taylor, Sorensen, Bowles. Catherine have used WilfordFourth Orson H. stock andup our Handelstrasse comes now B. Fifth Carson, DeGraffenreid, Lula Blanche row: Earl K. Smith, Douglas W. Scott, Joseph [headquarters of the German Mission in Zaroline Stucki, Grace Hepworth. S. Edward,

AUGUST, 1944 495 T-Jeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Taber- * nacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

By RICHARD L EVANS Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

Jo a LjeneratLon <=*-eauLna Jchooi Jo sratkerd—and Jneif J>cond

"\Tt7E have come again to that time in a school year when HThoughts and feelings grow on a given theme, until somewe grade and accredit, promote and graduate, and one succeeds in having it publicly noted. And so today

otherwise appraise the academic accomplishments of our we have Fathers'Day. In a world that has seemingly been

youth. After vacations are over, some will return to conrun by men, in a civilization in which the patriarchal order

learning—buttinue their studies;many someare nowwill forevergo to higherleavinginstitutionsthe schoolof hastakenbeenthe namesthe prevailingof their rule,fathers,andit inwouldwhichappearchildrenas somehave

room, leaving teachers, campus, and cherished associates. thing of a paradox that fathers seem to have been given the

And despite all displays of exuberance and all expressions lesser share of tribute and of eulogy in our spoken and of relief, it is a sober time for youth. This year, young written expressions of sentiment. In a way, however, this

people, variously equipped for life, are leaving their time is not difficult to explain. The more stern pursuits of life

of preparation earlier than usual to go out into a world that have fallen to the lot of fathers—theirs to provide, theirs

expects performance; that expects them to assume their to protect, theirs to contend with the grosser and more mashare of its responsibilities and troubles; expects them to terial things—theirs to engage in war, and theirs to be

contribute to the needs of the day and to the preservation separated from their families. But we do honor and cherish

of their heritage. And many who would have followed our fathers despite any past seeming lack of demonstrative

other pursuits now find themselves engaged in war, with no appreciation. And we are especially aware today that milopportunity to make plans for the immediate future. This lions of them are offering themselves in the firm belief that

makes it more important than ever before that they take by so doing they are helping to make a better world for with them a reliable sense of values, that they sift the facts their children and their children's children. Except for this

from the fallacies, the truths from the theories, the essentials conviction the present struggle would mean much less to from the nonessentials. And as a safeguard to any genthem than it now does. If someone or something were to

eration leaving school to face the realities of life, we must, convince these fathers that they had left home and family in fairness, be reminded that some things we have learned to offer their lives for anything less than the freedom of with great effort will soon be forgotten; that some of this their children, that inspired idealism of which heroes are

year's textbooks may next year become obsolete; that some made would wither to a mere dogged defense, as it already

of the memorized data we have tucked away in our mental lacking.has in someAnotherplacesparadoxwhere theis thathopethereof a aregloriousmany causefathersis

recesses may prove to be excess baggage; that many theories separated from many sons this Fathers'Day whose thoughts

will change; that new truths will yet be discovered. But if and affections may seem closer now that they are apart than

we have learned how to think; if we have learned to keep they sometimes were when they were together. We have

our minds open for all that the future may reveal; if we been blind and groping, many of us, and have often let the

have learned to value qualities of high character above pressure of the passing days rob us of irreplaceable things.

mere intellectual sharpness; if we have learned to avoid And so today, to the fathers who have their sons with them,

intolerant dogmatism, academic and otherwise; and have may we say, draw near unto them while you can, and make

learned to guard against assuming that our education is that association one of rich understanding, for the office of complete, we shall be better prepared to meet the shocks fatherhood has been made hallowed and sacred by the Faof life, the inevitable changes, and the many adjustments ther of all men in that relationship which he bears for all fathers the with sons his children. and be peace may And sure school as arethat are to come. doors And so,

this as they other reach day each are separated from left who finish studentsbehind, as are turned out with academic and in thoughts, in their prayers the other, for and out, each flourish, we give reminder to ourselves and to generations burdened with such promise and hopes as these: "Thou

of students yet to come, always to keep an open mind for shalt not be afraid for the terror by night;... nor for the

truth; never smugly to close the books and say, "That's destruction that wasteth at noonday. A thousand shall fall

that!"More tragic than he who thinks "there are no more at thy side, and ten thousand at thy right hand; but it shall

worlds to conquer"is he who thinks he has finishedhis not come nigh thee..,. For he shall give his angels charge

all thingseducation—he who supposes that there are no more truths over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways"—until

to be revealed. turn home, which is the cherished destination of all men, here

June 4, 1944, and hereafter. (Psalm 91:5-7, 11.) ]um is, 1944.

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TfeGffipOG* wmtettD: ':-: mm1

breathlessly hang in the balance. We live in a contagion

think what in our hearts, anxiety have if we tension—but \Jn Seeing these perpetuated have those of who be the fears f iSeuond**& \J\me 5 Jlrvie ofmust

inevithe await they that know disobedient must now I things and who not was Agrippa, king "TIThereupon, O thoughts to dark susceptible peculiarly are guilty table. this The unto I ** continue vision:... heavenly the unto must contemplate what then anticipation. acrid And to and other none saying great, small and to both witnessing day, lived have those of anguish who longsuffered the been have should say did prophets... the which those than things to calculated fear enduring a daily peoples, "conquered as standing it Paul with was 22.) 26:19, As (Acts come to is not fear such even thoughts. But their very out stamp inspired of with men it been ever has so Agrippa, before situadesperate guilty. In a of the fear the with compared be what seen have minds. They farreaching of vision and men

all posthat in the knowledge abide innocent tion, the may say, and must they what said have they seen: have they

all wrongs eventually equal, because are sible consequences of understanding or pleasure the it not met has because see live to shall yet die those who even righted, and will be been have lived, they have they in which generations the the is to sweet justice which inevitable the But that day. If had they martyred. and mocked, persecuted, ridiculed, the through while guilty; and the terror of is the innocent, the with temporized if had thing, they expedient the done dealt often have peoples captive of conquerors the centuries lived have might they day, their of own views prevailing

victims were intended the that history shown fear, has in life, as even of the ways normal unmolested enjoy to long have others of masters conquering victims. real The the not and knew, they what ignored only they had other men—if fears. They their nor themselves own mastered neither obligated were they hidden what remain to allowed had night and apprehension dayin live to cause found have comes a do. man not could this When they reveal, but to they bodyguards, with whom themselves surround to cause the lies common beyond which truth of a possession into preof fear food in live fear each also his of other—to understanding fear—to the beyond his day, of knowledge judgfear the in of live of the hands pared by it others—to himself. He to keep honor, in cannot, he contemporaries, of these words of Somehow God. of and both men ments abusive it with it, meet though even declare must, somehow, the of kings the mind: to "And Revelator come the John truth, reality, and destroy not does unbelief unbelief—for in the... themselves hid... the mighty men and earth genevery though even disappear, not denied, does being the to said mountains; the And of rocks in the dens and seen have those forgiving in difficulty who found has eration

...... us. For hide us and Fall on rocks, and mountains time, their of ahead thought time, have their who beyond Such 6:1517.) (Revelation stand?"to able shall be who other men. insight beyond with an endowed been have who guilty, whoever are fears those of who unconquered the are perhundred, in a arrives, perhaps the day inevitably And apinevitable the day see as be, they they wherever may or later, or sooner, when we years, or in thousand a haps light fears are be, our they though so, heavy proach. And puband as heroes in acknowledging share to eager become our sons our and others. of those with May compared of at hands the suffered have those lic benefactors who suscomforted, and and protected, be there out brothers their for seeing beyond contemporaries, intolerant their own to they have that which done have they after tained. And been has to day, their they in whom while, own time. And as make healed men be the world of the wounds do, may even and misunderstood, vision, be greater may the given lives. their in order setting own themselves by with peace has time world, of the and are the movers they yet martyred,

a way of vindicating what they have said and done, even June 11, 1944.

though it may have cost them their lives to say it and to ultimate the toward on world moves so the do it. And

it, all those of unmindful who Copyright, 19H. created of him purposes who

flail their arms against the eternal tide of progress and who cast stones at those who see beyond their time.

June 25, 1944.

Jke Jsnevitabie <UJa TThese are anxious days for all of us—days

in which the most cherished things in our lives are at stake. Seemingly there

is scarcely a home but what awaits news of someone, somewhere, somehow, involved in the issues that

AUGUST, 1944 APOSTATE FACTIONS roliCowlna the artwrdom

of /Joseph J)m,ith

IV A few years later, Adams and Orson should establish a colony so far away

Hyde were called on a mission to Rusfrom these quarreling sects that they George J. Adams—A Branch sia. This was one year before the could never contaminate his disciples.

Transplanted to Palestine Prophet's martyrdom, and there was so He likely recalled that he had been asthe of elders Church the of this it. attempted. never fulfilled mission a was opgood not was Now ability executive possessedMany much pressing business to attend to that signed a mission to Palestine and had who as a misto go, not merely portunity the the before martyrdom few days A their power to magnify sought the successor, Strang's as sionary, but his in journal, "Elders recorded Prophet martyred. Such leaders their werewhen church. the restored president of George Grant and Jedediah M. J. George wasa man J. Adams. in the at preached house at his Jonesport, standard Adams erected my He

3 of first the message heard he 840 In 1 evening."the "strengthen to and began Maine,

the restored gospel. The following cords"which his king had failed to do.

week he was baptized and within a year ( eorge J. Adams was selected to leave After a few years of missionary work

organized the Brooklyn Branch. From "* Nauvoo soon after the martyrdom his plans were complete for a pilgrimthat time forward his name was on the to find the apostles who were engaged age to Palestine, assuring his flock that

roster of the prominent leaders of the it was now time to rebuild Jerusalem

Church, Few names, except those of and that in the Holy Land the church the general authorities of the Church, should be established.

appeared in the publications of theChurch more often than his. &f ILJe succeeded in persuading 167 per- * * children, to sons, including many preacher and a dramatic a was He

Palestine. he with to him Though go scriptures. the of studentwellinformed L-ecit C-. fp/cLjai/Cn to to with refused go Orson had Hyde his brotherin- occasion he and oneOn

before, he a years that would land few HISTORIAN'S CHURCH OF THE performput a Lyne, on A.law, Thomas

erecting reparation a by make in Philadelphia ofance Richard HI in OFFICE now in the Land, to which standard Holy to hire raise with toorder money which1 all gather. to Saints the he expected He preach. to two These in whicha hall

men took an active part in dramatics in considered himself a man of destiny his small to would give new life whoNauvoo.

the in missionary work in the eastern states, it to Holy colony by transplanting

Adams was fond of debating and conbear the tragic news to them, and urge Land and soon would have all the Saints ducted more debates in the eastern them to hasten to Nauvoo. Sufficient coming to his standard like doves to

states than any other of the early mismoney for this mission was raised in the window.

sionaries of the Church. Hundreds of Nauvoo, but Mr. Adams went to CinFrom a letter he wrote to a friend

people attended his public discussions, cinnati, where his journey ended. during the voyage is quoted the followand the editors of many newspapers While he was otherwise using the funds ing:

often printed his remarks in full and that had been entrusted to him for an solicited ministers to answer his arguurgent mission the authorities in NauBark Nellie Chapin, near Gibraltar, ments. voo dispatched Jedediah M. Grant east Dear Brother Lederer: August 28, 1866

The Boston Bee once said of his to take his place.

sincerity: During the storm and stress of the timeI canas youonlyseewritewe areyou nota fewfull lineshalf wayat thisto Adams George exodus Nauvoo, from Palestine. hundred and one of the testimony positive a We number He bears the to comfort on hand was not exiles sixtyeight persons, young, on board old and the mission of character Joseph Smith and

Prophet. In speaking of him he bears a posior lend any assistance to the emergency. of our good vessel, and we have had beautitive and direct testimony to the divinity of He was spending his energy in opposing ful weather and fair wind for thirteen days

his mission. He does this without hesitation, them and planning for his own selfish and nights in succession, and it still confar tinues things thus been suchave if just as he meant2 what he said and said promotion. lumber; cessful. of full load a have we meant. he so.WeAllwhat

freight, also and other and passengers He became a "potentate and sovhave

He was called to accompany Orson ereign"with James J. Strang. He was what is better still, we have already engaged

Hyde to Palestine when John E, Page chosen to place the crown on the head full freight for next year....

refused to go, but he seems to have lost of "King James"and put the royal robes September 3, midnight.—We have had

the spirit of his mission as soon as he upon him. He was the first to follow his the most pleasant voyage that men ever had

reached England. He remained in Engking into the waters of baptism in bewho crossed the Atlantic; fair wind and

hopeful, weather. are and none good We half dead. of the for land while Orson several months

faith is strong, our of us look back. Our alone. the journey continuedHyde the After high. murder of Strang, George hope

his failure the to complete Despite his disciples refused to "pool"Adams mis- J. Malta, could September Near 12.—We sion, part in missiontook an active he leaders apostate those with of other at the Gibraltar, stop not as we

in In a letter from England. ary work the planning to found Rewere who night, a fair wind. and had made Wepassedhaveit in

Orson Hyde to friends in England he organized Church and offer its presiabout four thousand miles in thirtytwo days.

wrote, "My love to Brothers Snow and dency to "Young Joseph."After being A glorious passage, thank the Lord.

Adams,"as if no ill feelings existed be- a "sovereign"with Strang he would not Jaffa, Syria, October 4.—Dear brother, by

tween them. bow his head to lesser satellites. the blessing of God and bis goodness, we

Davis. JJnez Smith The Story of the Church (ReAnd then it dawned upon him that he arrivedmarkablyherequicksafelypassage.in fortytwoWe aredays,receiveda reorganized), p. 196

2Quoted in Times and Seasons, V:322 Wistory of the Church, VI:451 (Concluded on page 510)

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA etry h

ANOTHER MISSIONARY GOES TRANSPLANTED LIKE WATER

HOME By Sara Smith Campbell By Janice Blanchacd

Sy Dottfe M. iWen

tree, transplanted from its place of Like water in a desert,'"Phis boy stands within our door, hat in A birth, Her presence brings flowering * hand Will carry on its roots the warm sweet In all the lives she touches.

And brief case packed, to say "Goodbye"; earth

A look of wisdom and of love shines through Of that loved spot, and its young trunk will

The tears that threaten. You wonder why? stand

land, nobler in a strange and newHere in the mission he has been a friend, a Taller better NOW, AS EVER forth leaves Bringing greener and brother;

fruitsEven, son; it seems, so a

it feels the homesoil at its roots. By Lucretia Penny be, could one to hearts grown hunBecauseAs only

for gry contact yellowing, green, then some Pale gospel, the whereWith he, perchance, may And so with every man transplanted far of clover Blossoms be the only one. From home, where all his friends and loved Tell of Time's hurrying

are, onesYet, than more that, he has brought the light over. seasons have To

sent into the And away to fight and sweat and toil, darkness, petals then loose buds, Tight

Brought glory, where our souls have known Serving his country on some foreign soil; Of each summer rose

but dust. He holds deep in his heart remembered Whisper that hastily

With thankful hearts, we shared our daily things Summertime goes, bread with him, That cling to him as the rich homesoil And there is a note

And he has shared the bread of life with us! clings In every bird's song

He has blessed our babies, and gone down To a young tree, giving him strength to be Hinting that summers into the living waters Taller and nobler like the uprooted tree, Never were long.

Of baptism with our children, to give them Because he knows wherever he may roam, membership and faith. Always he takes with him a bit of home.

With simple words, and the divine power of his calling, Postponed, for some, the very hour of death! A, B, C's CLOUDS

missionary goingAnother home! We part,

to meet It seems no more. By Lorraine Babbitt By Thelma Ireland

space paths our between be worldThe may tramps are jagged, ragged clouds

I party a and The went to wide. Grandmother fare. their not pay That do

threescore despite her so, I like years and think we'llBut even to And meet them breeze ride every catch a on They all, ten, again, air. the of Hitchhikers

that popularity unguestioned pray them, the Grandmother'sAnd know on we may other side! Left me just a wondering wallflower again.

* When we were at home, I asked her secret;

OLD BROWN HOUSE WithThis advicea kindlyshe twinkleoffered me,in her"Theeyealphabet of BROOK STONES

Moore By Janet Ethel Hopper By "double 'you's'but not a single CharmV has Daniel set out plum and apple mountainWhile trees, in the sun BY Sparklinga flashing—stream,

The row of walnuts by the garden fence, IT IS WRITTEN Brilliant stones, a precious find,

Harriet planted lilies, peonies Treasures every one;

And yellow roses, soothing recompense By Linnie F. Robinson I dug them from their mossy bed

eyes long prairie beautystarved for byTo them took my own, And plain level the the horses go Across dearth. the beautify walk garden To seed; the soil for furrowed Smoothing theyThese rooms to pulsed tinted planned have stone. lovely Each

is this fastness there peace mountain Within of brides, joy

A daughter's tragic death, a grandchild's And planting time to meet man's need. Next day my stones were not the same,

all dull gray; and looked birth, this fertile They men, somewhere And who love pried not up them I hadTheir golden wedding and five more annual soil, them away! tides. AndI wishcarried Battle hours; patterned to save these

"Built forty years and cheaply builtat They feed the roaring cannon, man the that, tanks—

A house that few would even care to own, They who were born to fruit and flowers.

it WORSHIP NIGHT price flat."atI would thousand two it is that will the written Yet day come

falls appraiser's verdict as cold asThe share, will turn his to gun man stone. When A. Carter Manfred By little inlaid worth? so This houseOf deep fig lasting in vine. dress peace, And, a and

colorsWith is now, ended camp summer waiting there. which gain new lustre as seaFilled with the wonder OUR fade! sons prayer; yields to twilight laughter And m youthful future stands hands with The

BRIGHT MOMENT FOSTER FATHERS TheseBetweeneager,the rainwashedcircling boyspinesand andgirlsair.

in their fagots a fire, Drop By Elaine V. Emans By Marcia Nichols Holden

the dark, to prayers saying And, desire; bright kindled and They've warm at the long day's are the gentlehearted end, THESE

the shelter sky, mountains from Tall thought NowThis sweet: welcome as their own Who

still; of are the guns And rumblings I friend have of met Today departed Children ismy men

In the busy street. They have not even known. This is a sacred place of peace

Where no one has to hate or kill.

We said no more than two So moved by deep compassion Young faces glow with rising heat,

Fleeting hellos Like Joseph, patient, mild; These flames climb higher than the night

But, like a star in the blue, Espoused in humble fashion I think this sight Will live with me

The moment glows. Stepfather to the Child. When shadowed war is lost in light.

AUGUST, 1944 499 be held accountable for that which he has not been permitted to know. Legally, ignorance of the law is

said to be no excuse. But in the higher wisdom of him Editorials who knows the circumstances of that ignorance, due

allowance will be made for it. And while it is true that

Jome Kurrant r(ote6 \Jn oLeaderdkip hea mancannotcannotbe condemnedbe saved inforignorance,that of whichit is alsohe wastrueignothat

Xfl'uCH wisdom was anciently reduced to the space of rant through no fault of his own. And so, where truth has two short phrases—"as with the servant—so with been withheld from any people by the conspiracy of

his master."(Isaiah 24:2.) This statement of a fundatheir leaders, it is the leaders who will be held accountmental truth has been so often demonstrated that it able at that day when all shall be judged.

has become an axiom of history. It is to say in Nevertheless, there still remains a personal and inother words that ultimately both the people and dividual responsibility, for it is written: That Spirit

their leaders share a common lot, and therefore, to have which "giveth light to every man that cometh into the a good way of life we must have a good leadership. world... enlignteneth every man through the world

History, as it has been written, is the story not so much that hearkeneth to the voice of the Spirit."(D. & C.

of people in general; rather it is the story of a few lead84:46.) If we have not too often denied it, we are

ers and the events to which they led their people, for prompted by that "still small voice"which points the right in matters of fundamental to understanding way generals, churchmen. statesmen and good or evil—kings,

of insofar as the our living permits manner and wrong, the story of some of great good is usually The story strong individual by whom others are led to better ways. it to do so, and for our response to these promptings,

The story of great evil is likewise usually a story in we are accountable, even where much truth may, by evil which there is a leading character who moves it on its design, have been withheld.—J. L. E.

way—an arch conspirator who draws his followers

after him. This seems always to have been so, and the

first recorded example of it goes back beyond the anJke Jime id r/tow nals of time to that day when the Firstborn Son of God rPo all of us come dreams of what we intend to do, was the standardbearer and the symbol of the hosts -* what we desire to be, what goals we shall attain in of'righteousness, and Lucifer, the son of the morning, the measured span of our lives. The trouble may not lie

was the leader of those who lost their first estate. in the intentions, the desires, or the goals; the fault lies

It is a blessing beyond estimate for any people to have rather in the procrastination with which we set out to good leaders. But, as our time and all times have proved, attain these ends.

and will yet further prove, it is a prelude to tragedy for Life of the moment should be enjoyed more; should

a people to be led by false and misguided and ungodly be more appreciated; but also each minute should be

persons. more purposeful in the great stream of life that extends

It is well to know that there still rests upon all men for us as Latterday Saints beyond the present into will responsibility follow the of choosing they whom eternity. in another something cannot be year or We

all in Father the choice and for this the ways of life, of in unless another the consistent world have made we us all will hold us accountable. But, in considering the dayby-day approach that makes the next year a logical

accountability of men in choosing their leaders, we are conclusion of this year; the world to come, a logical

reminded that there are many who follow after false sequence of our achievements here.

leadership because they seemingly have no choice. They We are too prone, when we think of accomplishment, follow where they are told to follow—or else. At least to think of comparatively long periods of time when we

this would seem to be true in a physical sense. There may study or meditate and reach definite conclusions

have always been times and places in which men were concerning the here and the hereafter. We should recbowed to obedience against their will by superior ognize that time is not so generously meted out to us.

physical force and brutal systems. Circumstances oftBegrudgingly, time is granted to us, a few minutes here

times force men to follow where they would not go. and a few minutes there, from the many duties which

What a man may do when there is a loaded gun pointed press upon us in a busy world. And yet, those who have

at his head, literally or figuratively, is quite a different really learned the value of time, stress the fact that the matter from what he may do under other circumstances. value of each minute can hardly be overestimated. And

But the vital point in all this is the degree to which from them we can learn that each precious minute is a he gives consent in his own thoughts. Aside from sheer link in the steady, cumulative growth of what we wish

physical obedience, even the most oppressed of men to attain. Each hour sets us more firmly on the road to may still say within himself—"This is right and this is ultimate achievement or eventual failure. Each day is

tions—andnot right,"andthatmaywhichdo hewhatis forcedhe doestowithdo physically,those reservabut a linkEachbetweenday shouldthe presentbe completelyand the future.lived as a unit, as a

which his whole mind and spirit rebel against and single nucleus, as nearly perfect in every detail as it would not do if he had his physical choice, are not of can be. In this way, each day will be pointed until

his doing in the same sense that they would otherwise eventually we can live as nearly perfectly as it is posbe. In such cases the responsibility lies chiefly with the sible for fallible human beings to live. In each day, there

leadership that forces him to act against his will. will, of necessity, be an attempt to do our work better

But now comes the question: What about the man than ever before, so that we can merit the respect of

who doesn't know enough to choose good leaders—who those with whom we work; also there will be a period

doesn't know right from wrong-—who has no foundation devoted to family and friends, so that we can cement the

on which to base either his choice or his consent? What bonds of affection here on earth that they may continue

about the great host of humanity who have been reared naturally and happily in heaven; and especially, each

in those places where all sources of information are day, there will be an overtone of worship, a deep feelcontrolled? Where falsehood is given the label of truth, ing of dependence on an allwise, allloving Father

where directed propaganda is the daily diet, where a who is deeply concerned over what his children do.

single mind and a single will dictate not only how a This means that our periods of play, as well as our man shall live, but feed him also the food for his time of work, must be purposefully directed that we may thoughts by determining how much of truth he shall gain development in a pleasurable release. The time

know and how much he shall not know. is now to find the means of glorious release. Eternity lies

The conclusion must obviously be that a man cannot in each minute—whether we will it or not.—M. C. /.

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Of this agency Brigham Young says:

God is here: his influence fills immensity. He has his meshis hands. of all the works throughout sengers He watches Evidences and their affections, acts, their and of his creatures; every one

thoughts are all known to him; for his intelligence and power

fill immensity. Not that his person does, but his Spirit does; reconciliations and he is here teaching, guiding, and directing the nations of

the earth. %

The Spirit of the Lord enlightens every man that comes the earth upon one that lives is no

Spirit the of enlightened by the ixxxlll. *Mow <UJoed the <=?Lord Mcaue butinto whatthe world.is, moreThereor less,

Lord Jesus. It is said of him, that he is the light of the world.

Londtant J\nowiedae of tk Heperson,lightethat times,everyhasmanthethatlightcomesof theintospirittheofworldtruth anduponeveryhim.

(Discourses, p. 32; 1941 edition.)

viwerse: WLL U President Joseph F. Smith makes the distinction beTt is an established doctrine of the Church that God is tween the Holy Ghost and the Holy Spirit even clearer

in constant communication with the whole universe, and every person therein. He may, himself, as he has The Holy Ghost... by his intelligence, his knowledge, his

nature, the of influence, through laws over and and is power times, since But, appear at various to men. done God

all the of throughout works omnipresent be can and... is helpers to secure being, helps personal use a and he must lighteth in person It every is the Ghost not who Holy God.

all creation. ascomplete, contact His constant with is it light Christ, the of is world, the into but born man who

sociates in the spirit world, angels and other personages, the Spirit of Truth, which proceeds from the source of inmay be sent out to administer God's purposes. There telligence, which permeates all nature, which lighteth every

may also be other means beyond man's present knowlman and fills the immensity of space. You may call it the

edge. (See The Improvement Era, Vol. 42, p. 737, Spirit of God, you may call it the influence of God's intellicall it his of the substance power, gence, no matter you may 1943; Vol. Vol. February p. 97, 1939; 46, December

it is spirit it of intelligence that permeates the is called, what April p. 225, 1944.) 47,

to the spirits of understanding, gives the universe and men little the subject, revealed has it would been on While 88:3-13.) said. just 32:8; D. (See as 6 C. Job Job

the third of the Ghost, the appear that member Holy from be Deity emanates which may of God The Spirit is, of the divine system in charge were, as it Godhead,. fills the the air, earth to electricity, likened.. which and

of communications. It is one of his functions to manifest and is everywhere present. It is the power of God, the influthe will and power of God to the children of men. ence that he exerts throughout all his works by which he can

Joseph Smith, the Prophet, speaking of the priesteffect his purposes and execute his will, in consonance with hood, says that, "The Holy Ghost is God's messenger the laws of free agency which he has conferred upon man. By

to administer in all those priesthoods."(Teachings, p. means of this Spirit every man is enlightened, the wicked as

intelligent the ignorant, high the the the good, and well as similarly of speaks the Holy 323.) Brigham Young

his to in receive the capacity with accordance low, each and his that diffuses messenger God's Ghost: "He is this Spirit or influence emanates the light; which from and

(God's) influence through all the works of the AlGod may be said to constitute man's consciousness, and will mighty."(Discourses, p. 30—1941 Edition.) James E. never cease to strive with man, until man is brought to the

Talmage says: "The Holy Ghost may be regarded as possession of the higher intelligence which can only come

the minister of the Godhead, carrying into effect the through faith, repentance, baptism for the remission of sins, decisions of the Supreme Council."(Articles of Faith, and the gift or the presentation of the Holy Ghost by one

p. 1 60. ) Such a commission is of vast importance, and having authority. (Gospel Doctrine, pp. 6162.)

justifies the dependence on the Holy Ghost, by believers This knowledge explains David's song of joy: Christ. in God and

The Holy Ghost is a personage of spirit, and of limWhither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee

ited dimensions, who cannot, himself, be everywhere from thy presence? If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there:

present. (D. & C. 130:22.) Therefore, President Joif I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. If I take the

seph F. Smith says, "The Holy Ghost as a personage of wings of the morning, and dwell in the uttermost parts of

shall there the sea; even thy hand lead me, and thy right hand in the can than omnipresent Spirit person can be more no

139:7-10.) shall hold (Psalms me.

.. in person Son. the or Ghost Father may. The Holy

visit men."(Gospel Doctrine, p. 61.) Consequently, This divine universefilling medium, which holds all

the Holy Ghost needs must use agents in performing his things together, places every soul born into the earth in mission. communication with the members of the Godhead.

The chief agent or agency by which the Holy Ghost Through it flow the truth and power that touch the inaccomplishes his work, is usually spoken of as the Holy telligence and conscience of men.

Spirit or the Spirit of God. It is a universefilling That we understand the nature of the Holy Spirit canmedium, or influence, by which divine messages may not be claimed. Yet, its effects are well known. Only

be transmitted to man, and man's desires carried to the by analogy with discovered phenomena of nature does heaven. to of be comprehended, powers It may a limited it the understandable. somewhat become know We inventions. discoveries recent degree, in our and day, by their effects nature or magnetism, but of electricity

Any one of us may send messages by wireless or teleyet far from human comprehension. is

graph to persons far distant, or actually speak with written the gospel students of have Many thoughtful far distant telephone. devices, the radio over them By

Spirit. example, P. Parley For of the Holy in their controlled directed objects and be moveeloquently may

ments, in the air or on land or sea. Pratt writes:

This agent is also called the light of truth, as in a This leads to the investigation of that substance called the revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith: Holy Spirit.

Which light proceedeth forth from the presence of God to As the mind passes the boundaries of the visible world, and fill the immensity of space—the light which is in all things, enters upon the confines of the more refined and subtle elewhich giveth life to all things, which is the law by which all ments, it finds itself associated with certain substances in

things are governed, even the power of God who sitteth upon themselves invisible to our gross organs, but clearly manihis throne, who is in the bosom of eternity, who is in the midst fested to our intellect by their tangible operations and effects.

of all things. (D. & C. 88:12, 13.) (Concluded on page 527)

AUGUST, 1944 501

Melchizedek Priesthood

Tfci i Tftii ffh i %n *%ii iffhi ltfti TWlHn m> Tffitii Hfrn "ffifri TBTi "% "fVi T "B6?**?ffh Ifth fflfti fflfti JtffFTr iTPfhii fflftij

Plan to supply social functions in the 1. Every individual should, to the extent

early fall, remembering always that as of his capacity, provide for himself these you serve each other you love each necessities.

sustain 2. families should of Members is this love more, other and what more should of be a quorum memberpVERY

another. to one needs old of ours world *—'good now to his respect for with accounted in discussed principles were (These two bring happiness. to stability us back and activity. well workedoutChurch A this issues of in the April column and June

program based on the completed inthe Era (1944), under the captions "In the dividual card file will reveal the true Sweat of Thy Face"and "Am I My Brothconditions of a quorum. Without such er's Keeper?"respectively.)

it is difficult proceed with toinformation The Priesthood Quorum in the their3. Priesthoodquorum membersquorumsandshouldthe rehabilitatefamilies of service. Church Thea plan to inspire

inactive members should receive conChurch Welfare Plan their quorum members.

storebishops'4. the bishop, through is the committee personal welfare The '"Phe classified accordattentionstant and be

*- the will during that see program, house the Melchithrough agency which to willingness their toing and essential rehabilitation the needs of period responsibilquorum's Priesthood zedek study capacity. in Church somework fitnessA provided. his are of members ward

is discharged. ity in welfare Church individual underbe cases should theof

taken and the conclusions arrived at reAmong the objectives of the welfare The attention of personal welfare ported at the meeting of the quorum plan are the following: committee members is called to the

presidency. Problems of a general na- (a) To see that the essential necessities third step—rehabilitation by priesthood

ture should come before the monthly of life are made available to all worthy quorums. What is being done in your

leadership meeting at which time sugChurch members, and (b) to rehabilitate, quorum in this matter? Have you folgestions for the quorum's betterment spiritually and temporally, Church members lowed through on the suggestions made

should be discussed. participating in the program. in this column in the December 1943,

The primary aim and purpose of the There are some very definite steps to Era?

Church service committee is to promote be taken in accomplishing these objecThe Church News of July 1, 1941, activity of the members. It is a respontives, which may be set down as folquotes President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

sibility that requires patience, prudence, lows: (Concluded on page 522)

and persistence. Results are obtainable

on a large scale if a concentrated effort can be made and followup methods instituted. Me!chizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, October, 1944

The war has removed many bearers Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

of the priesthood from Church influWritings and Discourses of John Taylor ence. They have become inactive and

reluctant to often areindifferent and CallPriesthood. Priesthood Melchizedek 37 LESSON their place former with quorumsassume ings: of the Presidency High PriestThe Priesthood of Nature The organizations. other andand Ways hood.

(major): 129134. Topics Text: pp. given reaching should be of themmeans Discuss: Melchizedek? was What Who Priesthood? the is Priesthood? What Why laid for planscareful consideration and is jurisdiction the of the presidency of the in the Priesthood. in Labor the Callings

their rehabilitation. Priesthood. high priesthood? Why should the Twelve

of is the meaning Discuss: What

of God"? as "the government hood Howpriestis alwaysPresidencyundertakeas has beento reorganizedone in thetheeventFirstof

act of the president? the Twelve May developed? Does death to be the kingdom of GodSDriaL&Whj&UanMiitL, of the First Presidency? in the absence How? to anything priesthood do with human have

TLTow inviting are the hills? Down in affairs? Is it intended merely for spiritual Is it right to oppose "the voice of God"? Is

it right to the of the people"? "voice oppose * ** is statethe ordinances? meant by crystal crevices the What the deep where

in to First the the counselors happens What calldifferent are that there 132) ment (p. therewaters spots are flow where the the of president should Presidency rekeys, the powers, and in priesthood, ings during gatherpriesthood can quorums to resign, anything him? occur or Church it is the sponsibilities, govern- "but same usingthe hot too without months much "ramificathe of are ment"? some What

the cool gloriouslygas, evespend and this 40 life"to pertaining world? tions of To LESSON

nings, picnicking, playing Softball, pitchthe world to come? The Apostleship

living, gettinging horse shoes,—really 143146. Text: Topics: Twelve The pp. 38 fellow LESSONacquainted with our priesthood Seers, Revelators. Prophets, and The The Naturemembers. to Seventies Calling. Assist of Priesthood (continued) Apostolicas

What is your quorum doing for these Text: pp. 134138. Topics (major): Twelve. The Twelve and the Seventies.the

hot months? And what preparation is Priesthood and the Welfare of Society. Duties of the Seventies. The Seventy and

of Restoration Manifestations: Spiritual Priests. the the High will for thatbeing the fall months made

of the Priesthood. Responsibility Priesthood. all presithefollow too soon? Have the Bring Suggestion: Doctrine and Covediscern priesthood Discuss: can the Howdents of given the assignments quorum the aposnants to class, looked having up sinsaint difference a the "a and between

tolic of the therein index. calling means socialto the by miscellaneous commitand corruption purge the priesthood ner"? Can

the calling seventy. the also of Comparetee special they of nature wherein some difference? the determining without What

for the general plan of section 107 (See in function "to of the blessingcan be partakers 134) whole does it (p. mean

group? other men's sins"? Is it proper to expect repriesthood organization.

As cool weather and long evenings markable manifestations at all times? Is the Discuss: What is the apostolic calling?

all blessings? to the priesthood key What the should be proposed and Twelve Why planned us, have for ourcome upon we

"kings to and become 138) (p. does it mean seers, "prophets, revelavoted as and upon excursions? thinkingtemple Are we

still this tors"? function they have Wouldahead or priests"? and have ready names we the if they not voted proposed so were and

are we working on the missionary names LESSON 39 upon? What is the calling of the Seventy?

that have been assigned to the priestThe Melchizedek Priesthood What is the duty of the Twelve and the hood quorums? Arrange for excursions Text: pp. 139143. Topics (major) Seventy? Wherein do their callings difas soon as the summer outings are over. Melchizedek and the Melchizedek Order of fer? Wherein are they similar?

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA c,

End of France by Gustav Witner, it is alcohol before September 1st to satisfy

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO pointed out according to The Voice, a the trade. The human consumption of

temperance journal, that at the Munich this liquor will not bless but curse those COLUMN by Conference in 1938 between Hitler and who drink it. ''Tis sad but true."Conducted

ministers and of England the prime Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

played alcohol an Challenge of American Civilization apparently France important part. It was at this conUnder this caption The Voice for

What's the Lesson? ference that Hitler put over a great one May prints a brief summary of a report

F.B.I. director of Hoover, Edgar the recall that out of is interesting to ItTt is said the by prime ministers. on the

* the Justice. of Department U. S.J. From Italy, two Africa and after in North negotiations war began an exactual

names have emerged that are now on cellent lunch at which the French minreport we learn the F.B.I, examined the

arrests in as 1943 records of 490,764everyone's D. ister to acgiven an opportunity Dwight was lips—General print finger cards. Of by supreme American AlliedEisenhower, of evidenced himself the full range quaint with

commander of the western Europe inGerman intoxicating beverages, so that these 411,642 were males and 79,122 vasion and General Sir Bernard L. when he sat down to the conference were females. Of those arrested 26.9%

Montgomery, British, next in rank to table he was not fully equal to cope were under 21 years of age. Arrests of

General Eisenhower and commander of with his scheming partners. It is said persons under 1 8 years increased 26.3%.

Allied ground forces. Readers will rethat he did not fully recover a state Boys of 17 years dominated in

member the brilliant successes of these of complete sobriety until he was on number arrested, with 18 years second.

two men in driving Marshal Rommel's the return journey home. In 1 942, age 1 8 dominated in arrests and

forces out of Africa, Sicily and southern Hitler, it is said, does not drink. The age 19 in 1941. Arrests in 1943 of boys

Italy. But a very interesting thing to us rumor is widely current that the attack under 18 for drunkenness and drunken

is that both of these brilliant generals, on Pearl Harbor came after a night of driving increased 25.2% as compared

emerged from a list of generals, are revelry by many of its defenders. with 1942.

reported as nonusers of liquor. Liquor has certainly been largely reIn 1943 more girls of 18 were arLikewise Admiral Raymond A. Sprusponsible for the downfall of nations, rested followed by 19. In 1 942 arrested

ance in command of the U. S. Fifth the ruin of homes, and the curse of infemales over 22 years predominated.

Fleet under whom a quick and decisive dividuals. In 1943 girls arrested of 18 years

victory was won over the Japanese fleet increased 54.3%, at 19 years 52.9%,

Monday evening, June 19, sinking or More Whiskey and under 18, 49.4%, as compared with

damaging fourteen Japanese vessels, is The announcement that alcohol dis1942.

also reported to be a liquortobacco abtilleries of the country will be perWartimes result in a moral letdown stainer. Admiral Spruance had also won mitted to lay off part of the summer all along the line, particularly among

previous brilliant victories over the from making industrial alcohol used in youth. This condition is a serious chalJapanese navy. synthetic rubber manufacture, etc., lenge to the home and to our civilizacall is activity for increased to have passed without a tion. making The that seems thrilled read when we We were

distilleries are permitted to the forces of all agencies working stir. The and broke 23, I. Bong, Richard whoMajor

the record by shooting down 27 Jap make fifty million gallons of beverage for moral and spiritual uplift.

planes, refused Captain Eddie Rickenbacker's gift of a case of Scotch whisdrink."Gen- "I don't remarking,key, L.D.S. 1943 THE MISSIONS STAKE FOR OF air REPORT of our eral Arnold, commander

the First Council Apostles to the Council 0/ the Seventy Made by of the Twelve cases several forces, Bong sent Major of delicious fruit juices in place of the Missionary Activities 1943 1942 whiskey. Number of times out doing missionary work 145,260 125,545

In striking contrast please recall that NumberHours spentof homesin missionaryentered forworkthe first time.*. - 310,62188,428 272,03873,720

an American general was sent home Number of revisits 86,260 80.151

from England in disgrace because he NumberNumber ofof gospelinvitationsconversationsto return 225,924139,764 119.678199,754

talked too much at a liquor cocktail Number of Standard Church Works distributed:

party.;.. Copies of the Bible. Loaned417 1.018Sold

Yes, there is no question but that Copies of the Book of Mormon 2,213 4,874 the use of liquor and tobacco, acting CopiesCopies ofof thethe PearlDoctrineof Greatand CovenantsPrice 316291 1.2851,163

nerves, the detrimentally, on works 11, 8,081 designation....511) (No TOTAL. 3,237 8,340 of distributed 8.594 12,414 other books Number body, the of organs, and brain muscles,

tracts 170,399 143,268 of distributed pamphlets and Number influthe under handicapping anyone 4.001 hall 4,641 of missionaries meetings held by Number

of 8,051 cottage meetings 10,253 missionaries held by this Number narcotics. of Proof these of ence

of hall missionaries cottage 27.657 attended meetings 32,967 and Number who withestablished times truth been has 21,922 at hall investigators cottage 25,917 present meetings and Number of

as of baptisms a result missionary work: out by careful observation number and Number of1. of years over people 850 age 15 Of

scientific experiments. Smokers almost 2. of years people 15 under age: Of

a. of parents are Both whose members 798 fall nonbehind exception without

b. years of 488 15 under Others age physical strenuous and mensmokers in Classification 62 not designated

tal tests. Nondrinkers in flying training TOTAL 2,158"2,028

inactive of of the Church as pilots. members preferred Number are crews A fine Latservice stake 2,509 brought.". into activity through 2,937 the during missionary year Saint so chosen, terday was boy, when in 143 of stakes 146 the Church Number

told by his officer that a bomber plane Number of stake missions organized 143 141 cost too much to be trusted to a pilot Missionaries who drinks. Number of stakes reporting 107* 101

districts 347 397 of liquor that and Number said has The Lord 276* 340* Elders for man. are not Does tobacco good 886* 864*..... Seventies

249* 351* High Priests total abstinence that from anyone doubt 822* 637 Women all in S. the these armed poisons U. by

2.114+ TOTAL 2,473+ shorten lives services and save would

687* 876* missionaries the requirement making minimum Number "I, the the Lord, when war? am bound 911* less missionaries requirement - 1,048* making Number ofof than minimum

I not 468* 482* say; ye do but when of inactive missionaries ye do what Number

what I say, ye have no promise."(D. & Number not classified - 67* 48*

C. 82:10.) TOTAL (Agrees with total above) 2.473* 2.114*

*Average for the year.

Sad, If True +Includes 96 missionaries not classified,

In a book entitled This Is Not the Includes 66 missionaries not classified.

AUGUST, 1944 503 s & )

Genealogy i p>w$> 'wwwww -B.TitTfe,-.Ta.-|w--1fc.1>yyyy jr ip jp jp r jp IWfc.-B,.-*...-Vr IFJTM& r'&rvri *yyww vn&

be more certain about my work. This recently at a family reunion—my first,Testing Your Own time six errors were found in the 104 because I'm one of the newer inlaws.

sheets. I was puzzled as to. why I had But in those same laws they are now

Accuracy not found them before, so I decided to my family. And if you don't belong to

go over them again. In the fourth proof- a family that has reunions, you are missBy Nellie F. D. Hanny reading no errors were detected so the ing much that was meant for you. Here

sheets were mailed to the Index Bureau. are a few snatches:

think like to generally not does censor? Well, the pass they did How little ofOne quiet at the town met We life, but in makes mistakes the he of on colored marks few there a were uncle. pioneer for a Benjamin, named and research genealogical of studenta back. those which came little in the old his grave see can You them. for carefully looksrecordmaking It about two took time? about How killed hill.... the was on cemetery He it find is to is detected,If happy he anone but checking, had for each hours '85.... in They team runaway a by is it. that he realizes corrects the researchand He to individual had other I lightning.... wonfrightened by were of the for good things thesepreserving acceptit and complete to records make. '84... like in he You der was what if Latterday a and, generations, itfuture might Lord, the of sight in the able the behind back, house, old the see can for that informed been itSaint, has he did than me longer taken him have..... it.. built father trees. They His sight of in the acceptable to bethe me. work before everything was while there that hollow the from scooped mud acit complete and as must be Lord,the account you asking, do how you Are... it.. and covers now the meadow it. it to is his make in power ascurate times so many proofread to for having their.hands. bricks the with own shaped selfwriter a the made time ago the Some record? correct At a making before is fayour where smaller house The determine to of checkingtest work health and I in poor this was of time work from back he lived ther came when famin out errors making of afthe number health had perhaps thought my and lived hands had farm The Mexico. the to Index sent sheets toily I be applied group recently but fected work, my hands. Your the had farm there when sheets four had hundred thatBureau. a One learn to selftest, only another in it feet its again. And father on put rebeen one typed. had Eachbeen on errors were made of similar number Allen brothers, and your that house written sheet just the as waschecked sheets, and of the number same about

... little Elon and born Paul, were like quite I felt that was work time fourthand my the I proofread to again had eyes, lovely child such with the May, have sheets would original.the The errors. finding before no her there on pneumonia with died who mail to ready I considered beenordinarily thinking. to set test second This me crumbled has one. porch birthday The however, Thinking, Bureau. to Index theto ability try improve to my must for a the house use they and away, making instructions on lesson ourof correct work: produce in and wander chickens granary. The as correct and complete asour work wheat. of grains scattered for The out the to given 1. be must thought More that confident rather althoughpossible,

life, love, that and avoiding once copying, knew rooms and typing while work I to decided written, well weremine... first place. serving out are in the they but mistakes death and task again. sheets the Theproofread merely done cannot be by 2. Proofreading age. useful old a error until was an begun hardlywas atthorough work. Give the over glancing

found. Of course, it probably was the tention to proofreading. The second proofthis corner. lived on The Eve Aunt sight another errors. came into one! find Soononly should no reading

... is Eve. now. gone is Aunt So advantage in having house for an it possible be me 3. There to think may beganand I

faith."the of "out proofreading. married the She person do another little later I found mistakes.to make A to do has one It best 4. where might be husbands of names there werethat two picnic, the the program, and The the put to away work proofreading his own out of instead that making..the and same all the to. these are secondary swim it out again get then and so for or a week one only had sheets... family grouptwo I the people to see reunion. went rested. is the mind day when some

tofamilies joining the two made,been It like turning present. past was and

gether. What a serious mistake! Recently I decided to check over through the old family album, with all

As I rewrote two family group sheets eightysix sheets which had been waitthe funny little stories being supplied a feeling of thankfulness came over me ing nearly six months (they went by the allknowing member who interbecause I was able to correct the misthrough the above test) to go to the prets the pictures from over your shoultake. I felt it so keenly that I stopped Index Bureau. In this rechecking of the der.

in prayer, mistakes were four sheets eightysix head and bowedworking my so pages ever there many were Only omitted, to date help to marriage was do theasking found: Lord my one me full vital of missing. be must They of the the thanking places different him correctly, in name and more twowork alive the stories love and with and

off, error, left a death I the detect able to son's been and wifethat been had had of that the breath are labor pathos and of the happiness two recorded. affected not datewhich was life us. to passed they have down carefully? or carelesslyfamilies. you work Do

I these pages found have Wherever it see. rate? out and checked been sheets then Fifty had Try you do How

I fascinated. There been have was of it record a to decided makeso was

the errors found on the remaining fiftyAdam, who forsook the luxuries of the his lovely to of with garden be Eden surseven: afour sheets. There were

rear a family. Noah, wife and... And 1921 written date omitted, a birthname Family Reunion earth half the around who floated way the date in death of 1821, oneinstead

...wrong column, a death date left out, one By Ova Pate Stewart to give his children a fresh start.

first the inherited Abraham, who And another wrong, in datefigure marriage a is tree a Family Surely of The to with covenanted and God Holy Land birth error, with and a date andeath the boughs planting. divine Some of

.. faith. in his children raise the. Then have should 1903 written whichdate are broken, some and are now his four tent village the in with Jacob, half hours a 1902. and two Aboutbeen fruits, but unholy with low bowed his sons. twelve mothered women who in checking. the making spentwere survive, surely will the for Tree the with can even Joseph, go We for mailsheets the ready... now it. Were is root the of God prosslavery son, to eleventh... through errors been seven hading? No. When

found in fiftyfour sheets, I thought it /\ur little branch of the family has perity in Egypt, and back to slavery interesting twigs. I met them ( Concluded on page 522best to recheck the full 104 sheets, to V some

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.:

Priesthood

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP little more in the teacher, we say: "Oh,

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY well,boys ofnottoday."much sticking power in the yoidL SpswduL.

SEPTEMBER 1944 3. Do you know why boys go to sleep

in class?

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS 1. Lack of interest due to half'baked

teaching.

Chapter XXI: The Mechanics of 2. Lack of ventilation poisoned air.

Class Success 4. Many epidemics start in stuffy, close,

crowded Sunday School rooms. And

Quotations from the Text: a boy has a right to a decent, reasonably pleasant, cheersunshiny, warm, 1 living in age. are nervewracked a We ful, wellfurnished room! terrorizing a and demanding Speed

5. this topic. ever mistaken about Don't be find serve or ourmust demon whomis we

is side necessary mechanical a There far selves of behind the out wholly and to successful teaching. Bible teachAnd is picture. result as high tension a And

ing deserves that the best generosity the of the order day. anybody And

bring! thought can and all foolishly this thinks that has who

I 6. ten before years spoke For Chautauis affected for the not state youth ready VON in audiences coastto-coast qua and It affected asylum. insane has ATKINSON boys

I / could posCanada. But not know it us, the affected mature. has than more

sibly livewire class the hold under a is is sensitive. less more boy He A that the conditions confront average is like formed. a photographic He

teachers of classes. boys'but Nothing of is the of president Second Quorum Von instantly that plate images imevery

special dispensation of Pocaiello a First Stake, Providence Pocatello Ward, Deacons, this, pression. school the Knowing day delivered following before address the a sesand avail! could

is for him. are ready high Windows sion quarterly recent conference. stake of the 7. sane. Let's Progress depends be upon his lighting that the head over be may

fixed certain laws. cannot amend We slanted correctly that.not he and may are them. they permanent and They sit is draft. in built to seat His give a IN LIKES A BOY A WHAT if is that intelligent are physilaw One less of bodily to weariness and him LEADER PRIESTHOOD cal for surroundings retards equipment incorrect against habits of posguard

seeing, hearing, comfort, then bodily ture. his sings songs screen from a I He leader, priesthood choosing Tn my is full the response heart and mind of

* his right in position the so head be may following like to the have him would blocked. the necessary mechWatch for production. are a tone only These qualifications will anics success be and more much of for preparations few made many certain. I for, habits, in clean to him want be schools. youth modern dayby Some

schools equipment. are miracles of educational Helps for the Class Leader: of"Habitit everyis a day,cable;andweatweavelast wea cannotthread

1. your do.. How it."along come!. propose reap classrooms rate in the break a thought, 2. Then we you and "Sow We

this light of discussion? it or, well, But, to teach boys. is only a habit; reap an act; an act, and you sow

a small class group at best. Let's stick 2. If they are found wanting, begin some sow a habit, and you reap a character;

last those project, for of their 'em here two imback on and rows now, character, a a desreap and you sow little is the auditorium. learn provement. purpose And There when we in tiny."

little interest, that the this the or time to spending boys subject study no show kind, but be stern having should He It is class the see action. take low needed when go in numan we unless we

bers, when we find no signs of loyalty important factor and is too frequendy complete control of the boys at all times.

on the part of the members and very overlooked. (Concluded on page 506)

SOUTH LOS ANGELES STAKE CELEBRATES 100 PERCENT STANDARD QUORUM AWARD ACHIEVEMENT

Thirtyseven Standard Quorum Awards were presented during a Victory banquet happy, with a resolution that even though the Standard Quorum Award would of the South Los Angeles Stake in celebration of Aaronic Priesthood achievements be more difficult to obtain during 1944, South Los Angeles Stake would still for 1943. This marks the third consecutive year this stake has qualified all achieve one hundred percent in this activity."

quorums of the Aaronic Priesthood for this recognition. Stake President John M. Iverson, and Counselors Noble Waite and George A.

In summing up the celebration, Karl Miller, chairman of the stake Aaronic Baker were in attendance and participated on the program.

Priesthood committee, writes: "... All in all the boys went home tired and

AUGUST, 1944 505

Ward Teaching

'.'= y jtff>jgr>;*AAaa>iji>gagasagmsaas *

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER

d UiwuL J&achsA. #&l WARD TEACHERS

SixtyAbe IfoaAJu The teacher's duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and strengthen them;

And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the members do their duty. ( D. & C. 20:5355.

lA/ara UeacheM rvle55aae for September, 1944

FAST OFFERINGS HYRUM ALLEN Dresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., describes the fast and fast offerings as

follows Each member is asked to fast for two meals on the first Sunday in each month,

Another unusual record in continuisandusedto givefor theas supporta whollyofvoluntarythe poor. contribution the equivalent of those meals which* ous service as a ward teacher is

reported by Bishop Howard Lance, How conscientious are you as a Latterday Saint in the keeping of the

Moab Ward, San Juan Stake. fast and in the payment of your fast offerings? How do you determine the

Hyrum Allen was ordained a teacher real cash value of the two meals each month which you do not consume?

at the age of 16 years and was immeWould you be willing and satisfied to subsist on meals of the cash value diately appointed to serve as a ward determined by the fast offering you pay?

teacher. That was sixtysix years ago The person who pays only $1.00 fast offering per year makes an inand Brother Allen is still active so far voluntary statement to the Lord that the cost of his meals during the year

as his health will permit. averages approximately four cents each. On this basis, such person, allegedBishop Lance reports: "For several ly, lives on three meals per day with a cash value slightly over 12 cents, or

years Brother Allen had a ward teaching a total food cost of $3.75 per month. Undoubtedly, the pangs of hunger

district extending eight miles from his would be very real to many of us if our Heavenly Father were to limit our home. Frequently he made his visits on "daily bread"to the standard of value we voluntarily set thereon in the

horseback when no other transportation payment of our fast offerings.

was immediately available. A young family of three was asked how its honest fast offering was

"One winter, when other ward teachdetermined. The head of the family replied:

ers had difficulty in making their visits, The total cash value of our food averages $40.00 per month. We estimate that

he volunteered to assist the bishop in an additional $5.00 per month is spent in spices, fuel for cooking, etc., making a

total of cost per are ninety $45.00 month. There family meals prepared each month his toaddition During own district. cents. that costs which each such refrain meal 50 means Since meals from two weeach of the he succeeding months, two is fast fast offering day, our period $1.00. of a on the twelve Over months our

visited sixty families."offerings amount to $12.00, or $4.00 per capita for the year. fast

Brother Allen has been a ward teacher during the administration of twelve In the above instance, such a fast offering is full and, therefore, honest.

bishops in three wards. If, however, the same size family has a smaller or larger expenditure for

food each month, then, of course, the fast offering should be adjusted accordingly.

Some have asked: "How does the gardener or a farmer determine his

fast offering?"The answer is obvious—it should be gauged by the market

Youth Speak: value of the food not consumed on the fast day.

Some have said, "But I can't afford to pay such a fast offering. I pay

{Concluded from page 505) my tithing and other donations, and it's just too much."This is only another

Kind looks, kind words, kind acts, and way of saying, "I don't believe in fasting,"because the fast offering is simply warm handshakes are what we boys that amount of money which would have been spent for food anyway if need. the person had not fasted. The observance of this principle is not an extra

He should have faith in his works and drain on the family budget.

in his class members, for faith and Latterday Saints, live the law of the fast and be blessed physically works are like the light and heat of a and spiritually. Enjoy the satisfaction that your obedience blesses the poor

unfortunate. the joy of Experience being tangible of and the some real separated. cannot be Hecandle,—they to substance, Give of yourselves someone else. your and and God is value forshould be honest, an honest man

the noblest work of God, and God looks will give of himself and his bounties to you.

only to the pure.

He should be cheerful and smiling, for what sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to boys. me in my class work and give the same morning prayer is the key that opens to

I want him to remember me when I cheery smile and hello on the street as us the treasure of God's mercies and am sick, and, when I neglect my meethe gives me in my class room. blessings; the evening prayer is the key

ings, to be interested enough in me to I want him to be a prayerful man, one that shuts us up under his protection find out why I was not there, to help who prays morning and night. The and care.

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Durkee's Troco Margarine is made by an improved processdiamine that churns the pure, nutritious vegetable oils right in with the

Molotov Cocktail? foodsfresh, pasteurizedand ON them,skimyou'llmilk.loveIN

the flavor of Durkee's Troco is a homemade Margarine.*""*A Molotov Cocktail

job and one of the most destructive weapons the Russians have used in this war. They use it to blow German tanks

apart at the seams.

Better than one housewife in every fivehome—keepshas a Molotovit in the pantry,Cocktailtheinbaseher

ment or on a closet shelf. If it explodes,

it will blow her house apart at the seams.

What is it?

It's a can of flammable or explosive dry cleaning gasoline,the National Firefluid—probablyProtection Association and the National Safety Council

said recently in a joint statement.

A Molotov Cocktail as used by the

Russians is nothing more than an empty beer bottle filled with gasoline, with a makeshift fuse a soldier can improvise in the field. Its counterpart in the American home is any bottle or can, filled

with gasoline or any other explosive dry cleaning fluid. Such a fluid, if used indoors, needs only the pilot light on the

gas stove, the hot coils of a toaster, a urning match to set it off.

The fire protection association and the safety council, recognizing special wartime angles to the hazards of home dry cleaning, made the following points in a joint statement: Enjoy more "back yard"picnics this summer

1. Before the war, a survey revealed that

one out of every five housewives confessed to using gasoline for cleaning in the home. And remember... the delicious taste and longWith people being encouraged to do their

own dry cleaning at home to take the burlasting freshness of Royal Enriched den off overworked commercial dry cleaners, the scarcity with of carbon and tetraBread will make your picnicchloride safe cleaners, other probably and resorting persons than ever aremore to sandwiches a huge sucsol-gasoline or other cleaning hazardous vents. 2. A few cents'worth of gasoline is cess.

enough to demolish the averagesized home.

The latent destructive power of a pint of gasoline has been likened to a pound of dynamite. ROYAL BAKING CO.

3. gasoline conditions should Under no

cleanersor explosive used Salt Lake and Ogden commercial be for dry cleaning or even kept in the home More Than Fifty Years of Service and at any time. Progress

4. Gasoline itself does not burn or explode, the it evaporates, but vapors when

do. readily evaporates Gasoline when exListen to "Sam WednesdayAdams. Yourand HomeFridayFrontat 9:30Quartermaster"a.m. over KSL. every Monday,

as zero at asposed a temperature low degrees F. and when this vapor is mixed

with air, forms an explosive mixture of more than one hundred times its original volume. The fumes, being heavier than air,

for travel the floor or ground alongmay a IN FIFTY YEARS For OVER OffER USE WE distance, remoteconsiderable reach some A COMPLETE fire furnace simple of ignition, as orpoint such of Canker, in treatment a Aids gas stove pilot, flash back to their source sore throat and other minor mouth ENGRAVING SERVICE and cause an explosion. and throat irritations. FromCataloguesMissionary Portraits to the Largest

5. Even a tiny spark, such as is caused Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

by rubbing a cat's back or rubbing two fabric ofpieces CO. ENGRAVING UTAH together, is enough to set Hall's Canker Remedy

St. Salt Lake City, Utahset off gasoline vapor. City, Utah 113 Regent 536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake

(Concluded on page 508) AUGUST, 1944 507 (Concluded from page 507) The joint statement made the following recommendations:

1. Send soiled materials to the cleaners.

cleaning the If necessary at home, use to do will fluids neither he them last... cleaning that burn nor

solvents, sold unchlorinated hydrocarbon—so your wool blankets will always feel like new explode, such as carbon tetrachloride and of trade names. der a variety

2. If these cleaners are not available, the

That fluffiness you like to see and feel in a new wool blanket is there for a householder can use a specially refined purpose. It keeps you warm and comfortable, serving as insulation against petroleumbase solvent which has a flash

point above one hundred degrees F. These

nighttime cold. Here are a few suggestions onblanket care that will protect special products do at satisfactory job of

the fresh colors, the fluffy newness, as well as add years of serviceability. cleaning, but dry more slowly. The danger

in their use, which has a fire hazard similar to kerosene, is that persons believing they have an absolutely safe solvent may negHOW TO li St. Reverse your blanket with each change lect ordinary precautions which should be

ofbed linen. Like fine rugs, frequent changing of position observed with any combustible liquid. Maprevents constant wear and soil in the same location. hungterialsoutcleanedto dryininsucha safesolventsplace, preferablyshould be

outdoors. Hanging them near a stove to

hasten drying or ironing freshlycleaned fire invites or explosion.

cleaning Select a materials CLEAN. is recommended. Dry HOW TO

3. the cleanwith noncombustible Even

reliable cleaner has especially designed equipment who fluids, is essential to ventilation ing good to clean fine blankets. carry away objectionable fumes.

4. A distinction should be noted between

the use of "spot removers"applied from a bottle or can of only a few ounces capacity

HOW TO WASH. Like all fine woolens your blankets and larger scale operations where the cleanmust have extreme care, in -washing. Ifyou must wash them, er is used by the gallon. The absence of any

leave them in lukewarm water for no more than five min'trouble when removing spots, using only a liquid, of drops shouldn't the few mislead utes. ample mild soap Use by hand. up Douse and down

into believing that the same liquid at least if three times, necessary, suds. Rinse more safely gallon. the DO housewifecan used be by

NOT WRING! Fold smoothly over two clotheslines 5. It is better to clean a large amount of

(in the shade) where surplus water can run off freely. soiled material in several operations, than

Stretch blanket while drying. Shake occasionally. To re to use a large quantity of solvent at any

store fluffiness use clean whisk broom or angora brush. Let ducedtime. Thedependsamountuponof theexplosiveamountvaporof liquidprodry. Use warm, iron on binding only, do not iron blanket. exposed.

6. Any quantity of combustible cleaner

should be stored outside the house in properHOW TO STORE. Clean blanket first, then protect ly marked tight containers.

against light and dust. Use the box that came with your

blanket or wrap securely -with wrapping paper and

string.

balls moth In areasgenerously—where mothaboutpreventiononequarteris important,pound Odoruse Handy Hints

is easily removed by airing outdoors.

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted* the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

When purchasing or knitting a new sweater, either knit a piece to fit over the elbow or baste a piece of light weight goods the same shade, inside the sleeve over the elbow which will prolong the life of the—Mrs.sweater E.andH.avoidM Alberta,stretchingCanada.it out of shape.

If you cannot unscrew the top from a jar it slip around bottle, rubber band or a wide beautiful civilian is the The featured virgin wool Vogue—will with at the ease surprised be and you

blanket to the bear label the while Wool O'West war if are hands it unscrews. your which Even

first call get orders mill. at this Into our is all the blanket I. T., this will Angeles, A. wet, Los work.

woolworking craftsmanship of the men and women who California.

won for Wool O'the West the prized ArmyNavy "E"for excellence in war production. See The Vogue at all If you are cutting blocks for a quilt, put

good stores. Loomed in four harmonizing colors: Green, several pieces of cloth one on top of anBlue, Peach, Dusty Rose. Lovers of jacquard patterns, ask other, pin on your pattern and cut all at

see the Wool O'the West Netherlands blanket. once.—/?. S. T., Elmira, New York.

We all know how unhappy we are when baking a fish for company and it breaks in pieces. This can be avoided. To keep the

fish whole when baking or frying it, first

PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS. PORTLAND 3, OREGON squeezeclean, dryall cloth.the waterMrs.outP.of V.the S.,fishBuffalo,with a

New York. 508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Honey Corn Relish Cook's Corner 39 cupscups choppedfresh corncabbage 3 cups chopped celery 2 cups chopped green peppers Josephine B. Nichols 1 cup chopped sweet red pepper

3 cups chopped onion Every jar of garden fresh fruits or vege- 3 cups chopped unpared cucumbers this tables at sugar home you put up cup year Y2

It will duty. help to keepwill salt do double cup 34

your family well fed, and it will help the 1 tablespoon dry mustard nation by easing the load on transportation 1 tablespoon each of turmeric and celery and commercial food supplies. seed

Use the following recipes to add variety 1 cup honey to your canned fresh fruits and vegetables. 1 cup water

3 cups cider vinegar Boysenberry Jelly Mix vegetables. Add remaining ingre- S&-TASTU

to Bring given. in order dients combined boysenberry3]/2 cups

in hot, for juice boil; Seal a sandwiches: 15 minutes. cool slowly M.C.P. pectin

jars. sterilized sugar cupsAy21 package

Wash three quarts of fully ripe berries, Sweet Mustard Pickles juice. in juicecrush Place out squeeze and

1 quart tomatoes green chopped well, Stir pectin. kettle, to bringlarge add

1 quart cucumbers chopped to too! do, All easy So need you sugar, boil, constantly. stirring mixa Add

is 1 a bottle of Durkee's onions quart Famous chopped full rollstirring towell, bring continue and dressing, the delicious Dressing... peppers, red ground 6 boil. minutes.ing Boil exactly two Remove flathat so and adds pep much in small sticks 2 celery cut carefully, tomato to boil sandwiches, pieces vor subside. meat heat. Let Skimfrom

1 in flowerets cauliflower cut head all sandwiches, sandwiches—egg jelly glasses. the with intopour Cover

sugar cups 3 goldof sandwiches. kinds Rich, paraffin.melted

easily, en, Durkee's pours mellow quart vinegar % tang! plenty has of and body quart water Pickles % Pear for easyto-DO Write NEW, salt cup 34 to Durkee's, RECIPES sandwich

7 pounds pears ]/2 cup flour 2900 5th Street, Berkeley, Calif.

turmeric 1 teaspoon sugar pounds3 J/2 mustard ITUPi tablespoons 6 1 pint vinegar 1 ounce ginger root Combine all vegetables except celery, add ounce whole cloves vinegar and bring to a boil. Make paste

'1 ounce whole allspice of flour, sugar, turmeric, mustard and water, 2 stick cinnamon ounces thicken. boiling vegetables. Let add to FAMOUSM h h h fc f celery. fc.rttffl aMBV add ready from heat to remove of syrup vinegar and sugar. Lay When Make

spices in a cheese cloth bag and drop into Pour into jars and seal while hot.

paredcooled syrup. and quartered Add PRESSiNG

boil five minutes. syrup, Let mixPepper Relishpears to

ture stand for several hours. The pears are 2 cups minced green peppers

then removed and the syrup boiled for ten 2 cups minced red peppers minutes. The pears are reentered and boiled l/2 cup sugar

until tender. Let stand for several hours. 2 tablespoons salt

The pears are then removed and packed into 2 cups vinegar jars and covered with the boiling syrup that Combine ingredients. Boil 30 minutes.

has had the spice bag removed. Pack into jars and seal.

The containers are sealed while hot.

Peach and Maraschino Cheery Preserves PURE DELIGHT 2 pounds peaches By Jennie Rawlins sugar poundsVA nice; petunia's a red think cherries maraschino pound Y2 I It's flower. such a friendly into the pits, cut Peel peaches and remove

I grass fresh the smell of green love sugaroneinch pieces. peaches and Combine After shower. a summer hours.in to eight layer. four stand Then Let

stir while heating to boiling. Cut maraschino I like a lazyburning log

cherries into pieces, add to boiling mixture. To tame a winter night,

Boil rapidly and stir until desired consistBut most I love a baby's smile, ency. Pour into jars and seal. For that is pure delight.

;, -.j GOOD: atIDEAS

This picture of the Saenz Pena Branch Mutual group was snapped in front of the Argentine Mission

Home. Responding to an invitation from President and Sister Barker, the young men and women

gathered at the mission home for an afternoon luncheon. Following the serving, the talented members of the Mutual class entertained with piano solos, vocal selections, readings, and typical guitar rhythms.

Notwithstanding family opposition, these young people continue faithfully in their Church work, many serving at the present time as local missionaries.

AUGUST, 1944 509

Sardinian Chapel THE CHURCH MOVES ON of Latterday Saint soldiers A group {Concluded from page 495) City, who is ninetynine, was the oldest stationed at a B-26 Marauder base in

Utah: Thomas Winterton, Kamas.Sarah Van Wagoner reothers, efforts to recently Sardinia present. These, combined and Ecman Grant Nevada; Vegas, Las Myers,Gay business build Salt chapel ceived a brick in which to Worgifts from Lake Hemet. California;cles, Elmer MaxDelbertJensen, Monrovia.

Arizona; Snowflake, Smith, Junius RobertCalifornia; tileroofed building brick ship. The Ott firms. Elizabeth Tropic, Hannah Frost. Utah;Marion thirty, of seating capacity has a which Abbott, MesEdward Utah; ThomasFrost, Tropic, New Wardquite, Nevada. is first Saint the Latterday edifice to be

Salt Pendleton, Keith Melvin SpanishAmerican: island. built Mediterranean North Davis on East Layton a Ward, HPhe Lovell, Asay, Harris WyoChester City, Utah;Lake

L. Utah; Draper, Raymond Baird, Parkerming; Alma 25, * Stake, formed by a June was

Salt Chipman, Wendell Idaho; Holbrook,Blaisdell, Charles the division of Layton City. Ward. Salt Lake Schugk. Percy Utah; John City,Lake

Utah; City, Salt Lake Walker. Elwin LelandUtah; sustained as bishop was P. Maughn Duane Maurice Utah; Olmstead, Roy, GeorgeHarold of Apostate Factions After the Elder Stephen Skeen, new ward. Ellison L RichRichard City, Utah; Salt LakeDalton,

Duncan, Richardson, Bernard Acel Utah;Ogden, of the Council ards

Arizona, of the Twelve was the Martyrdom of the division. charge of Utah; in Spanish Fork, Hughes, Grant Kenneth Texas:

Winston Lyle Benson, Trenton, Utah; Preston Wilbert Bushman, Provo, Utah. Emerald Gardens Joseph Smith

the redecorated "Emerand enamed "D (Concluded page 498) from DirectorsWelfare Work roof the garden aid Gardens,"all in kindest the manner, everybody and of by G. **"Marion of Elder signature the Building, the F.Over Smith Memorial Joseph first rate. things are going as on now, And the Twelve, to assistant Romney, Street, Salt City, 80 North Lake destination, at Main the arrive place of our we we of the director managingand assistant all his for the Praise say, the can goodLord bimonthly dancing became summer

welfare program these instructions have spot of the Mutuals of the Salt Lake, ness and Loving kindness towards us! Not

been sent to regional welfare program Riverside, Ensign, and Emigration one case of sickness—except the usual seaship our to on boardchairmen It is stakes. available the year round sickness—occurred

bless you! damp our cheerful hopes. God for reserved be any This is to advise that by unanimous action Church and may

of the general welfare committee, taken at group by contacting the M.I.A. general Your brother in the hope of Israel,

its regular Friday morning meeting held superintendency. G. J. Adams*

June 9, 1944, at which the First Presidency that it a determined Dedications represented, waswas is transplanted of this But little known be should presidency stake the incounselor Orchard South it Davis Ward, in the after arrived colony Holy that a HPhe stake in and director eachthe work "Stake, chapel dedicated considerable raised was June Land. had Adams the should work be the bishop tocounselor

1 President for 1, by undertaking the O. David had and McKay. money in ward. eachdirector

Of course, you already know that the Elder Ezra T. Benson of the Council taken what he considered sufficient supstake president is to be the chairman of the of the Twelve dedicated the Utah plies for a prosperous industrial colony

stake welfare committee in each stake, and Branch chapel of the Duchesne Stake in that land. Yet his plans were based

the chairman be bishop is tothat the with knowledge, of the June 24. upon his own limited

... ward. in each committeewelfare little of for the special needs provision

Stake President the country. SupervisorService Men

B. Harris and Joseph President in their after arrival that choice Soon of Albuquerque, L. Bushman *Bliss counselors Leland and Redd difficulties W. arose land which numerous appointed been has Mexico, New R. released been Hurst have from Guy control. powerless Misforto he was in service men of L.D.S. supervisoras the presidency. Stake San Elder Juan sickness followed; tune attended them will labor area. He Mexicothe New sustained been as has president Redd redissatisfaction defection and and HarCoordinator of direction theunder with Elder Hurst and Karl R. as Lyman failure in sulted of the a complete exry Clarke. counselors. periment.

Relief Society New Independent Branches Taking what money the colony had leaving England, to Adams went announced has Relief Society,HE PortlandrP Stake, Branch, has left, the Vanport fate. the colonists to their United The * the of home topics discontinuance with been organized formermembership

course beginning with the coming work ly of the Northwestern States Mission, with States government brought most of year. Hereafter sewing is to be the Ferris Eugene Maughan as presiding elder. them back home on ships subsidized for

major activity on the second Tuesday of Lockerby Branch, San Juan Stake, has the purpose. A few refused to leave the

each month and the meeting will be been organized with membership of HorseHoly Land and face in America the grim known as the "work meeting"rather head and Lockerby, Utah, with Travis M. realities of despair and failure."

than the "work and business meeting."Johnson as presiding elder. Many of those who returned to their

later united former homes in Maine

Advisers Bishops, Presiding Elders with the Reorganized Church.

T)leasant Ben View Lomond Ward, Fielding Smith and Joseph"pLDERS the In preachmeantime, was Adams * *-*'Stake, succeeds Rhees George Reuben the Council of E. Petersen Mark in organize ing England, to attempting L. Jensen. as adHenry been named the have Twelveof the revelachurch based upon a new St. Grantsville Stake, John Evan Ward,

visers to the general presidency and Vaughn Arthur succeeds Willard Sagers. tions given to Joseph Smith. He never

board of the Relief Society. Previously Lavan Ward, Juab Stake, James P. Chrismentioned Mormonism, yet tried to inthe Relief Society was counseled by the tensen succeeds Erastus P. Peterson. clude many of its teachings in his new

Presiding Bishopric exclusively. Other Spring Lake Ward, Nebo Stake, Don E. organization which he called "The

succeeds Menlove. Leo W. adTaylor organizations have hadauxiliary the stressed of Messiah."He Stake, T. Church Arthur Ely Nevada Ward, the the of Councilvisers Twelve from fact that the soon be gathwould Jews succeeds William Morley J. Hemingway. years. offor a number Palestine ering to Saints that the of and Falls Stake, Idaho North Ward, Osgood

Old Folks'Day AlvinMontebelloE. MorganWard,succeedsPasadenaJohn W.Stake,Rawlins.Stantheplacelastanddaysassistshouldin rebuildinggather toJerusalem.the same

oldsters five thousand ley succeeds Herbert C. Kimball Bingham. A pproximately J. failed this in miserably undertakHe

Stake, Roosevelt Herald the L. all colors Myton Ward, enjoyed** creeds and of finally ing to returned a America, and

S. Frederick succeeds Musser. Crapo in Folks'outingsixtyninth Annual Old in old heartbroken man, obscuridying Stake, Branch, Bernardino Redlands San the guests of as 21,Liberty Park June dishonor. ty and died Porter President Rancie as a Hans Salt the Bishopric LakePresiding and

forces. of the armed member Instalment'. {Next Wight) Lyman stakes. CathMrs. andCity Anna wards Stake, Wells T. James Ward, McKay

Sandy, Utah, erine Rasmussen, was Clarence succeeds E. Jones. the Buddell

is one person in attendance. Sheoldest Stake, Whittier Wells Ward, Leo A, Church'The Saints'HistoryHerald( Reorganized(Reorganized). 111:599Church), April

hundred. Joseph C. Manning, Salt Lake Jardine succeeds Fred W. Schwendiman. 20. 1935, p. 16

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I1S1C rWWW wy"-w.wjrjrjrjrrwWJWMWWWWWW1th 3fc3k33fcJh3fc5fc Tfc "TfcTfc i Ji >r- w MlyWWWah 3hJfc Jfctp wwwwwJl JJh >lfh TfttlhwJrjrjrTfri "fc BhJhJbwwwwwwwwww\Tlh i J Ifc Th Th. THi.Th <<<<<<<

CONGREGATIONAL SINGING nowBlessingssing, Flow,""PraiseorGodonefromverseWhomof "PrayAll a5 a ode of lA/ordfilp erof IsanytheotherSoul'shymn,SinceretheDesire,"organistortakesone his seat, and plays the proper chord,

By Alexander Schreiner the spirit of the text which is being during which time the chorister motions

Tabernacle Organist, and Member, sung. The organist and chorister must for the audience to rise. No books are

Church Music Committee remember that the blood pressure of the necessary for the singers, and perhaps people in the congregation is normal not even for the organist. This one verse

and relaxed, and that on the other hand, is sung for sheer and complete delight

Part II it is the blood pressure of the chorister and devotion. Try it sometime; we recorganist first risen and use. it for efhas which frequent in the ommend The the nature discussed month T ast we fort is of appearing before inspiring one. the the congregagenerally verse most '-'singing as congregational of a mode tion, is therefore and this singing abnormal. verse from And memory We feel of worship. subject This is a we advise to contain feelings, reign yourselves gives you complete the to beand

it affecting, does, one, as important very lead gently wisely. disof the of and cause absence mechanical

faithful souls of the the hearts and who lift 3. Leading Out. This brings us now tractions. services to to the sacrament come

their hearts to their eternal creator. to a delicate point. The organist should 6. The organist's services before a

The discussion last month was from keep his playing of a hymn just a very body of the faithful are best in quality the point of view of the chorister. This slight amount ahead of a relaxed conwhen his music helps the spirit of wortime let us consider the contribution of gregation. This is merely to compensate ship. Here we do not approve concert

the organist toward sacred congregafor what is known as "acoustical drag,"music, or the "prettypretty,"or anytional singing. which acts to slow down the singing. thing that is distracting from the great

But always lead out gently, and if the gospel theme. Devotional music is a

1. Organ Registration. The organ congregation insists on slowing down, modest but influential help in preaching

may be played loud enough so that it then it is wiser to follow the congregathe good tidings of everlasting life to the will balance approximately sound tion it. than to take issue with After all, those to worship on the come who

should of the the organ singers. That is, the tempo have been may begun too day. week's one holy

not be drowned out by the singers, nor fast. One very important director has

the reverse. On a reed organ, the octave said that the best conductor is one who

couplers on both sides may be drawn, follows the congregation, keeping them the one for brilliancy and power, and gently together in one united singing the other for strength in the bass. The body. It is the height of bad taste to Burley Second Ward Choir

right knee swell should be pushed comdrive a congregation against its wishes, preorgan, pletely open. either On a pipe baton by or of by means

in sonority. singers pare a similar The the orHThe*- Stake,choirhasof hadSeconda continuousWard, Burleyexistlead gan. But gently, out shepherd as a

the body of the church enjoy hearing does his flock. ence of fifteen years. Nine charter memthe organ enough so that it will be real 4. Interludes. Congregational singbers still belong to the present organizais usualthem. support "support"to tion of fortytwo By members. some ers require a the moment between

gives the ly that the out organ least special meant are programs two At verses of a vigorous song, or the when is to help tune. the pitch such This of a director, planned the Eleach year by verses long. are of custom Our providsingers liott not are lay always eager these Budge. who been have Among ing short interludes, is therefore, quite

pitch. their the Also, hear sure to of "Yuletide Memories,"Christmas a appropriate. interludes However, are

is is the not tune a comfort organ cantata Ira when B. "VicWilson; by and not absolutely necessary. They be may tory,"too well known. cantata Easter an Wildeby if dispensed with desired, so a and

off solidity for the tremolo and mere. Leave moment's pause observed between

It sings. the congregation dignity the regular services, the For when weekly verses. This pause should be a natural

interludes. for softer used choir uses Leave be the mostly following: may "Chapone, the congregation generally having

all in off el the 1 6- right also foot tone hand Anthems,""Fes- "Temple Anthems,"its a fair sense of proper value.

it in off tival organ, leave reed both on and a the Anthems,"green and hymn hands on a pipe organ. Its use, except 5. Single Verses. It seems to us that book.

for bass, obscures clear tone quality. our worshipers would often enjoy singEdna Church and lone Grange are

For that reason, also, avoid using the ing just one verse of a wellknown the organists; Jay Barrus is choir presileft knee swell on a reed organ. Now, hymn. For instance, while the anouncedent, and John L. Holyoak is bishop of

if you wish to have really full power ment is made that thecongregation will the ward.

out of the organ, then use all stops, including those of 1 6-foot pitch, and play the hymn bodily one octave higher. The

congregational singers will be grateful to you for the power which you are then able to draw out of a modestly sized instrument.

BURLEY STAKE, 2. Tempo. Here we offer the same SECOND WARD,

suggestions as contained on this page a CHOIR month ago. We favor medium tempos,

according to the character of the hymn.

In the last analysis, the congregation as a whole is the best judge of the best tempo. This best tempo is the one at

which the singers gain the most out of

AUGUST, 1944 BOISE STAKE HONOR BEE HIVE GIRLS

ELIZABETH BOETTCHER

CAST OF "L/TTLE Youthful Organist WOMFN"PRODUCED pLlZABETH Boettcher, eight years of

BY age, of Brooklyn Ward, New York

SPRINGVILLE in is organists Stake, of our capable one SECOND

WARD the Church. She plays the pipe organ

M.I.A. regularly for both Sunday School and

sacrament services. When she plays the

prelude, the members of the congregation know that it is time for the services to begin, and the presiding officers quietly take their places on the stand.

She is a living example of the song,

Left to f/ej/if: Lulu Leichty as Hannah; Lois Bartholomew as Mrs. March; Bishop Selvoy J. Boyer as Mr. "I'll Serve the Lord While I Am

Christensen as Beth; Childs Connie as Laurie; March; Kelsey Gordon Simpkins Marjorie Erma as Amy; as Young."May she serve as organist for Merlin as John Brooke; Fox Eugene as Professor Miner Bhaer; Robert Dalton Lawrence; Meg; Nell Jean as Mr.

V&ne as Jo; Emily Miner as Aunt March; Jessie J. Dalton, director. Those not shown in the picture are: many years to come!

Karen and Kay Cook as Daisy and Demi Brooke.

CHICAGO STAKE

GOLD AND GREEN BALL

Queens: Eleanor Reese, Orma Claire

Whitaker, Julia Waldvogel Pages: Joan Barker,

Marilyn Wheeler

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A.A.F. contingent that invaded Pantelleria

and later participated in the original action near Salerno.

The Mormon services he now leads is the second he has organized since arriving in the

Mediterranean theater. A year ago he established facilities for Mormon worship in

GUARDIAN Algiers.

BEE HIVE GIRLS AND BEE KEEPERSomewhere in England

PARKER WARD, Yesterday I went to a district conference

YELLOWSTONE STAKE of the Church, and I had a most enjoyable day with a people whose faith is very strong and whose works are mighty. President

Andre K. Anastasion [then acting mission

president] is a marvelous man and is carrying on the work in a fine manner. I marveled

at the spirit of the people. To see the way

they carry on you wouldn't know that there was a war on. During the noon recess instead of the usual banquet that we are accustomed to on such occasions, each one

opened up his bag or purse and started passing around the three or four sandwiches he had. The few sandwiches went

around, and everyone was just as happy as if he had had a table set for a king. Seeing this made me think of the words of News From The Camps Christ: "Man shall not live by bread alone,

<<<.<C<-<4<*<-<-<< ggemascBmmmgaa but by every word that proceedeth out of

the mouth of God."No, they never came to

of feast partake a of to nor food admire in Italy though,"said. Somewhere he "But along passed word other's clothes each because they had

fast. pretty Corporal Claude Sunday morning, the as of our boys And off, Every belief neither to to they but hear show came

rest for Falls, come periods the front, from Idaho, of Idaho down J. Burtenshaw of the word God.

they usually to his fighter duties the of leaves under come."where a know wing Saints blessed. greatly been have The

is married Burtenshaw to the long a high to conduct 12th A.A.F., school enough of has without to them gone None enough

English dramatic teacher and service the at Cross has a and weekly Red Mormon... eat wear. or officers ten American About

building, approximately ten miles away. daughter who was born two months after he and enlisted men were present at the conHis job as spiritual leader of the weeklywent overseas. ference.

assembled congregation of Latterday Saints Burtenshaw has taken part in two initial Sergeant Alma Virgil Whipple, did not come by official army appointment. Allied assault actions. He was with the U.S. Signal Corps

Furthermore, he explained, "I am not a minister by profession—no Mormon leader is.

CU&O "GOD'S COVENANT R AC lt'. r by James H. Andersor,

... An able interpretation of

the history and destiny or God's chosen people... an,

important collection of interesting and stimulating lecSOMEWHERE IN ITALY tures. Price, $2.

Claude J. Burtenshaw conducts weekly L.D.S.!

service THE BOOKCRAFT COMPANY My business is farming. But it is a man's 1465Salt LakeSouthCityState4, StreetUtah

duty to be square with his God, while he is Please send the books checked squaring things with his enemies. And if it below:

is within my power to assemble others who The Gospel Kingdom $2.25

practice the same religion as I do, then I By John Taylor must do it."God's Covenant Race $2.00

H. Anderson James By recent a gathering, the soldier At

$2.25 Standards called Gospel for theon spontaneous, "inspirationweekly President Heber By J. Grant

al talk"Infantryman was Pfc. John D. Fret- D Life

well, a former By ofJosephJosephFieldingF. SmithSmith....$2.50 Mormon youthleader from THE GOSPEL KINGDOM

the Hills Idaho, just compilation $1.50 Unto ofUcon, returned had the a from who—awritings L. Richard Evans By discourses andtour of at duty bridgehead. the Anzio Beneof Taylor, third John Always-$1.50 Day... and [3 Thisdiction rendered, at service, the was same by president of the Church. L. Richard Evans ByCorporal textbook The for priestCity, Leo Walker, Brigham Utah, or Check order enclosed money hood a23year-old carpenter the with Serv- A.A.F. quorums—andof C.O.D. spiritual wealth Send readice for organist the Regular servCommand. for ing the home.

ice is a member of the W.A.C., Pfc. Erwana

Buck of Grants Pass, Oregon. A primary

in teacherschool civilian days, she was THE BOOKCRAFTactive in COMPANY Church work at home.

1465 South State Street, Salt Lake City

Burtenshaw has a weekly attendance of (Office in Travelers'Motor Lodge)4, Utah about fifty, now. "It wasn't that good at first,

AUGUST, 1944 513 or Peace In War Expert service can be given only by those who have made adequate preparation. Whether you need vocational or scientific training, the best

preparation is most rapidly made by attending college all year.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY offers you quality instruction every month of the year. A highly trained faculty, interested also in your character and spiritual development, gives personal help and advice.

f

Registration—September

FOR AUTUMN of the sixtyninth 44Friendly

\41 YO 514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COURSES OF INSTRUCTION

Accounting and Business Administration Home Economics

Agricultural Economics Horticulture and Landscape

Agronomy Journalism Animal Husbandry Library Science

Art Marketing Bacteriology Mathematics Bible and Modern Scripture Mechanic Arts

Botany Modern and Classical Languages

Chemistry Music Church History Physics Church Organization and Photography

Administration Philosophy of Education

Elementary Education Psychology

English Radio Broadcasting and Technique

Finance and Banking Secondary Education

Geology and Geography Secretarial Practice

Health, Physical Education and Speech

Recreation Theology and Religious Philosophy

HistoryZoology and Entomology

29, 30 and October 2 THE QUARTER academic year at the

School''

VJ ITY, STO

AUGUST, 1944 515 Golden Gleaners HPhe Golden Gleaner plan has gained * in popularity and members since its birth in 1940, now attaining to 447

Golden Gleaners. This number represents the Gleaners who have through

study, work, and service filled the requirements in each of the four areas, thereby achieving this recognition and the right to be called Golden Gleaners.

The girls wearing the Golden Gleaner pin have a responsibility to the

Church as well as to themselves. They

will continue giving service and enjoying the fruits of their gleaning.

Ward and stake leaders, will you help these girls who have attained this achievement to carry on? It is also your

responsibility as well as your joy to encourage the girls of Gleaner age in your community to work toward this SHE'S THRILLED achievement.To date there are ninetyeight stakes

represented in this plan. By this time

TO KNOW THAT nextGoldenyearGleanerwe arein everyhopingwardto findin thea

Church. Now is a wonderful time to

the HE THOUGHT OF Gleaners.encourage Whengirls theto becomeM MenGoldencome

home, it would be grand to have hungirls the wearing dreds of Golden pin, indicating thus that QUALITY WHEN Gleaner they are living the highest of Church standards. HE THOUGHT OF The following is a list of the new

Golden Gleaners who have received

HER! their awards since December 1, 1943:

Alpine Helen Greenland, Lois Shofter, Ladine L.

Strasburg, La Rae West Benson Nelda Van Dyke IF IT'S ClAOIt IT'S 600 Big Cottonwood

Mary Grace Allen, Faye Baker, Helen

Erekson, Shirley Ottley, Lucile B. Pack.

Mary J. Ricks

Big Horn Marthane J. Gardner

Boise Dorothy D. Goshen

CHOCOLATES BonnevilleLa Rae Anderson, Anna Margaret Cameremu eixor cohpanj su um tin, in* on, Mary L. Hart, Marjorie McDonough,

Beverly J. Pond, Nadine Watkins

Cache La Ree Lamb, Mardeen Saunders Carbon Helen M. Brubaker

East Jordan Ganna B. Kelley, Ireta Jackson

TWO GREAT BOOKS OF OUR TIME Emigration

Dora Dutson Ensign Mary Pett, Mary Louise Skidmore GOSPEL STANDARDS Granite

By President Heber J. Grant mer,EdithRettaArlt, Brammer,Helen Bitter,RuthDorothyBuehner,BramVera

and Cahoon,rington, GraceAlice Crosland,Cannon, ShirleyBessie F.M. CherDon-

elson, Lucile A. Espenchied, Shirley J.

Fellows, Wanda Mae Green, Mary Alice

Hamilton, Ina C. Hatch, Marian HeyTDE GOSPEL NET wood, Elsie H. Johansen, Barbara Jeanne W By Dr. John A. Widtsoe Meakin, Maxine Moulton, Margaret

B. Nilsen, Melba Peterson, Norma S.

Schofield, Afton Smithson, Margery T.

On Sale at Bookdealers Everywhere Sperry, Marie B. Stout, Merle V. Stout,

Barbara Weidner, Norma V. Wilding

(Concluded on page 519) 516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA when we buy. There's no

shuttling around the country—no time wasted.

And we watch the condition of the crop straight on through until our store customers take it home.

For some 27 years now Safeway has been cutting out "waste motion"and needless costs.

The Safeway method has helped increase the farmer's share of the conGiPETTING PERISHABLE foods to market tionsumer'sanddollar.offeredItsavingshas boostedto consumers.consumpin good shape is hard these days.

To start with, a lot of wartime 2 WAYS OF GETTING CROPS TO CONSUMER harvest and packing help is green. Poor

nandling is likely to hurt your crop THE SAFEWAY METHOD h a straight Highway to market before it leaves field or packing shed as well as on the way to market. Delays

in transportation don't help any.

Such problems only emphasize the need for saving time in between the producer and the consumer!

On this point, compare the Safeway method to the old method.

Under the old way of getting crops to market, your farm products be may efficient This more food distribution sold to sells a buyer to who them is system today strong national asset. a

. another buyer. in turn. who a makes In peace, or war benefits everybody by

... dicker with else somebody so and straightest, the quickest possible road line. the on down

between farmer and consumer.

But no one outfit is responsible all the way for the condition of your crop—that responsibility changes with ES. Over a third of all Safeway cusevery sale. tomers are farm folks. Trade with

Even more important, all these sellyour Safeway grocer for one full month—and see what you save. ing transactions use up valuable time.

Our Safeway method is different.

There's only one transaction. We buy

from you—or your broker, your

cooperative, exchange or association. The neighborhood

We buy only for sale in our own retail "1 grocery stores grocery stores. We buy regularly and

know exactly where your crop is going

POKE THE "MASTER RACE"RIGHT IN THE FACE—WITH EXTRA WAR BONDS!

AUGUST, 1?44 517

Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Old Testament Characters

"Remember die days of old, consider the years of many generations: ask thy father,

and he will shew thee; thy elders, and they will tell thee."Deut. 32:7.

SERVE DESSERTS

WITH BILLOWS

OF WHIPPED MORNING MILK

It's so easy to whip when bowl, beater and milk are thoroughly chilled. And so delicious, too—

ACROSS thanks to Morning Milk's finer 1 "Pharaoh's daughter took him up, and 24 His portion was the smallest of the sons flavor. But be sure it's Morning nourished him for her own son"Acts of Jacob Josh. 19: 47

7: 21 26 Found in the ground

Milk you use—for Morning Milk's 5 The intended victim of Abraham's great 27 Definite article

sacrificial act of faith Gen. 22; Heb. 28 The first woman

finer flavor makes a big difference. 11: 17 29 A porter of the ark 1 Chron. 15: 18

10 Grandson of Esau Gen. 36: 11 30 Grandfather of Saul 1 Chron. 8: 33

11 Bird related to the ostrich 31 Projection on a wheel 13 Bantu person (sing, of Warua) 32 Old Testament book 15 Nephew of Abraham; Luke 17: 32 bids 37 City of Judah Josh. 15: 32

us remember his wife 38 One of David's rulers 2 Sam. 20: 26

became 17 The wife of 15 across 26... 4039 Prima"... itdonnanot in Gath"2 Sam. 1: 20 Gen. 19:

the heavens 42 Ahab rideth that upon him 18 "extol

. me,.."Ps. 68: 4 saidO mineto Elijah,... "Hast?"thou found name by his

of in the law book read in the they suffered from gout 43 "So of king Judah 21 This.".. the distinctly, gave and God 2 16: 12 Chron. old when

Neh. 8: 8

DOWN

1 Volume 18 Patriarch for whom one of the Old

The Life of Joseph F. Smith 2 This king of Israel built the city of Testament books was named

By Joseph Fielding Smith 3 ThisSamariaking 1of KingsIsrael 16:said23,to 24the witch 2019 ExistSon of Zephaniah Zech. 6: 14

Learn about the sixth great president of Endor, "Bring me up Samuel"22 That woman of our Church in this authoritative, 1 Sam. 28: 11 23 Meteorite

interesting biography. 4 Relating to an epoch 24 Numbers expressed by tens

6 "yea. I judge not mine own..."25 The king of Assyria brought men from

17: 24 2 Kings this place 4: 1 Cor. 3 CO. THE BOOKCRAFT a widow's son where of Galilee of prophecies 33 Village a Dook wrote 7 He Offices at Travelers'Motor Lodge) (New

1115 7: raised Luke was 14S5 4, Ut. Philippines State City South the of St.. Salt Lake 8 Negrito

9 Copper 34 "My son,... me thine heart"

his mother was of Jerahmeel; covenant the sealed 35 Son of those who Name... 12 One

26 1 Chron. 2: Atarah 10: Oh, he 24 Neh. with Nehemiah

Address shall! (anag.) 36 Another son of Jerahmeel, but not

14 "in the... of his folly he shall go Atarah's child 1 Chron. 2: 25

From 39 5: 23 Prov. astray"Your order will receive prompt attention.

. Left end.."Ex. 29: 36 41 for offering 16 "sin

518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Golden Gleaners (Concluded from page 516) Highland Mary Louise Cummings Idaho Falls Edna Conrad, Alice Egbert, Jo Ann Elkpl***\ ington, Thora Erickson, Helen Frongner, f$$

Madge Carol Jenson, Gretchen Dee Johnson, Beth R. Olsen, Betty M. Otteson.

Kolob Eileen Felix, Ina Beryl Haws Lethbridge FRILLIT LAYER LOAF Hazel Hyde, Rula Johnson, Irene Ruth Cook FRILLETS 6y2 minutes and drain. Blend

Mercer one egg into one pound of ground round or leftover meat. half of Arrange in FRILLETS BeachLong

a layer the on of loaf a pan. bottom meat Cover Maurine B. Boyd, Betty Jo Caldwell, Lula with layer deep using half of blended meat. Top Cammack with balance of another layer and FRILLETS AngelesLos of meat. 45 at minutes Bake 350 leftIf degrees.

Sarah O. Mortensen over meats are used, less baking time required.

Maricopa Garnish with parsley, halves of pineapple rings.

Shirley H. Palmer It's guaranteed to keep your friends for life!

Montpeliev Mary Parker Mount Jordan Clara Smith Order a supply Nebo GOLDEN Melba Jane Madson EGGNOODLE DavisNorth H. Flint FRILLETS Ruth

North Idaho Falls today Flora S. Johnson

Oakland Maurine Christensen Oquirrh Bernice L. Anthon Read the story of "faith under

Park Elizabeth Kirkham, Marjorie Ludlow fire"in this thrilling book about

Pioneer the boys in blue on Battleship

Camilla Flowers X, thefamous South DakotaPortland

Leahlin Mattson Rexburg Anna M. Luke, Lois Ripplinger

Sacramento Ruth DeWitt Salt Lake Adelphia S. Andrew

San Diego Mary Campbell, Iola Gale Hildebrand

Seattle Ella Mae Andrew, Margaret Ellen CopBattleuiacjot) ley, Betty Margaret Harper, Janet J. BY CAPT. JAMES CLAYPOOL

Somerville Chaplain, U.S.N.R., as told to

Wiegman Shelley religion to the tribute fighting are Reva Baird Aof stirringgallant Carl who men South Ogden UTAH our war of the sea.

Geraldine Bingham South Sanpete Leora C. Bird, LeOra Cowley, Ruby

Hoggan Hospitals, with their modern methods fluoroscope, X-ray, the of diagnosis—the Sugar House indispensable the electrocardiograph—are Josephine Harvey state's welfare. the to

Summit We of Overland Greyhound are making

Afton A. Hillier a different, but vital contribution to the

welfare of the state. To picture the state

Taylor without buses is almost as difficult as imJune A. Anderson, Geraldine Bridge, agining the state without hospitals.

Nadien Dow, Hope Harker, Gladys Holt,

Melba King, Alma Grace Mendenhall, AIR CONDITIONED BUSES

Eva Palmer, Hazel Redd, Vivian Scoville, Wilma Sorenson, Gean K. Wheeler. OVERLAHD

Utah THE JOHNSt.,C.PhiladelphiaWINSTON7,COMPANYPa. it 1006 Arch Luana Porter REYHOUKD

Wasatch Operated by APler.seBATTLEWAGONsend me copiesat $1.50of GODeach. ON

Geneve Rasband INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES NAME—

Jordan West Naomi Holt ADDRESS Postal Northwestern States Mission. Unit No.

Helen J. Murray

AUGUST, 1944 519 White Sister 9*l (xJml j0t /P&cuul- {Continued from page 486)

B,'rown Tule was breathTHERE'S A PRIORITY ON TRAINED less when she rushed into camp with

OFFICE WORKERS herher asfind.she Thetold aboutpeoplethegatheredstrange aroundtracks,

and gave them the beads to pass from

Place yourself in line for important war work hand to hand.

—or for postwar business opportunities—by There was a glow of pride in Brown

enrolling for day or evening classes at the Tule's eyes as she meditated on her great discovery. wait until Just

tracks about the heard and L. D. S. Business College—one of the finest 'Efficient School secondBow String

schools of its kind in the West. saw the beads.

As one of the men offered to hand them back to her, she said, "I don't want them. Give them to Bow String when L. D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE him."you see SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH With a pleased smile, she watched

FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON FOR INFORMATION: her people hurrying away to see the

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE tracks themselves. She sank to the grassStreet 70 North Main shore stared covered vacantly and

Salt City Lake across the lake while sun the drooped Please send 1, informationUtah about your courses of study, methods of instruction, free employment service, rates of tuition, etc. lower in the sky.

Name "Brown Tule, see what I have,"she aroused reverie from her was finally by trilling little Bird's Address Mocking voice.

"Someone gave these to Bow String, and he gave them to me. See! They're

FINE FOODS TO FEATIREFI1VE FOODS TO BUY! theBrowncolor ofTulethe lookedclouds atup sunset."to see the

Some foods just naturally have what it takes to please the beads she'd found, on Mocking Bird's majority of people. Royal Gelatins, Royal Puddings, Royal strand—one on each side of the pointed

Baking Powder and Fleischmann's Foil Yeast rate high in tooth!

popularity because they're superb in quality and goodness. Never in her life had Brown Tule

These Standard Brands Products are fine foods to feature felt such a disappointment. Those beads

... fine foods to buy. were hers; that is, they had been until

FLEISCHMANN'S FOIL YEAST she told to had give to someone them V-8 VEGETABLE JUICES String. Bow DESSERTS GELATIN ROYAL sob, to Tule but inwanted Brown BAKING ROYAL POWDER

ROYAL SALAD GELATIN stead she heard herself saying, "You

ROYAL PUDDINGS should go see the strange footprints,

Mocking Bird."

In a few moments she watched the other girl leave, and she was glad to be alone. She would walk awhile, and

maybe that would help the misery that had suddenly come in her heart.

Brown Tule went along the shore in the opposite direction from the upper bend where the tracks and the other people now were. She had done everyStandard Brands Incorporated thing that should have made Bow String like her—she had discovered the wagon

train, the footprints, and the beads.

There was nothing else she could do!

The Advertisers and Where You Will Find Their Messages Nothing else? Why, she might find

the queer white person had who made Beneficial Life Insurance Company M.C.P. Pectin Company

tracks! those idea! an Brown What Back Cover Inside Back Cover

Bookcraft Company Mrs. J. G. McDonald's Chocolates..526 Pule smiled at the sarcasm of it.

513, 518, 522, Inside Back Cover Morning Milk 518

Brigham Young University....514, 515 Mountain Fuel Supply Company....

Daynes Music Company 523 Inside Front Cover J,ust then a sound of a sob

Deseret Book Company.. 478, 523 Overland Greyhound Lines 519 came to her ears. Then she saw it

Deseret News Press 522 Porter Scarpelli Macaroni Co 519 the strange person from the long, white

Mills Portland Dressing 509 Durkee's Famous Woolen 508 caravan.

Purity Biscuit 475 Mayonnaise 473 Durkee's Genuine Company

Durkee's Troco Oleomargarine 507 Royal Baking Company 507 A bluechecked dress on a huddledFaultless Starch Company 478 Salt Lake Tribune 527 up, sobbing figure was what she saw.

FelsNaptha Soap & Soap Chips 480 Safeway Stores, Inc 517 Wavy hair, the shade of the yellow bird

W. P. Fuller Company. 475, 509 Standard Brands, Inc 520 that sometimes warbled among the

General Insurance Co. of America..521 Standard Oil of California 524 reeds, tumbled over the person's bent

516.477 Milk Sego Glade Company Candy up. looked the creature head. Then Hall's Hotel 507 Utah 525 Canker Remedy gazstood in dumb silence Brown Tule Engraving Hillam Costume Shop 523 Utah 507

L.D.S. Business College 520 Utah Oil Refining Company 476 ing at a palefaced girl that stared at

Levi Strauss Company 476 Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer 473 her out of eyes as blue as the morning

Loma Linda Food Company 477 John C. Winston Company 519 sky. But in those eyes were fear and

a lost look. Ah, this girl was lost from

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHITE SISTER her caravan! Exultance leaped up in became aware of a third figure that

fell, and a star came walked with them.Brown Tule. It would be easy to take Dusk

out. They captive!her Asatsister!there Brownwhile otherTule arosestars Bow"I'm String!taking her back to her people,"next moment she noticed that appeared. The

around the girl's neck was a thick strand and helped up the other girl who now Brown Tule murmured.

of beads like the two Brown Tule had talked very fast in a strange tongue. The chief's son only nodded and

found. Beads the color of the sunset Brown Tule tried to lead her down the strode on with them. They came to the

glow on light clouds, set between eyes hill to the camp, but the other girl held river that ran from the lake. It looked

her ground. Tule became Brown girls swift, hesithe sky! as as blue a dress and and very deepand the two A face

angry, a scuffle. and there Then was String oflike ridge the bank. tated the mountain on Then on its snow Bow

evening! suddenly the girl in the checked dress picked up the white girl and waded

Brown Tule had never seen such struck Brown Tule across the face. The across the river, carrying her in his

fury. pale Indian girl turned with sister. for before. The arms.beauty A sister A

girl sobbing the white next was moment happiness great surgedBrown Tule! Brown Tule waited and watched on A

up in the Indian girl's heart. Soberly again, and Brown Tule forgot her anger the bank. By the light of the full moon,

she stepped forward a step, holding out and stroked her yellow hair. As sudshe saw the two emerge from the water

her hand to the white girl. The girl denly as the white girl had struck, she and climb a hill on the farther bank.

arose to her feet, and smiled. The next now stopped and picked a wild flower She saw them stopping on the crest of

moment she had taken Brown Tule's that bloomed alone on the hillside. With the ridge and Bow String pointed his

hand. Now the Indian girl knew she a pathetic smile, she put it in Brown hand toward the caravan that lay behad a sister. Just wait until she took Tule's hair. yond the hill. For a little longer she saw

this prize back to camp! Brown Tule knew now that she had a the two linger, then the white girl turned

She would not say, "Give this to Bow sister—and something new and great and waved to her; to Brown Tule, her

String,"as she had done about the surged inside her. Could she make her sister. Now that one with so much

beads. The captive was hers! sister unhappy again? No! beauty was gone over the hill and out

Questioningly, the girl in the blue As she stood looking at the white girl, of Brown Tule's sight forever; and

checked dress stared at her as though she knew there was only one way to Bow String was recrossing the river.

well,"asking what she intended to do with make her happy—take her to her own "Brown Tule, you have done

her. As answer, Brown Tule led her people in the white moving caravan! he said when he had returned to her on

forward. Falteringly the girl followed, But Brown Tule must keep her a little the shore. "Our people do not need a

until just captive."white the at sundown two stood longer. on a longer a little yet—only

little knoll the tepee that overlooked one "That sister,"Brown Tule is my glistened in the darkskinned A tearvillage softly. in very graywhite massed murmured, peaks

girl's the other she turned as eyes downalong that lake holdthe shore. the she bluethe saw was Then man Now

hill, this leading side the the time of girl in his of hand. uning farther. the to refused somethingeyed palm go any She

girl vilfaltering tepee the from away Stringstopped, and, beads! was though pulled Tule BroWn Bow The Now

girl lost lage. the take She would gift hand, placing she heron neck. her about not anthem would move A the of lake the southern around bend step. sisterother she her never from would whom

train. the her and show wagon for frightened, again; see the caravan the She tomorrow was and Apache

girl saw the fear in her eyes and felt it Bow String must never know of this. would uncoil itself and hasten on westin her tightened hand clasp. So Brown He had given the beads to Mocking ward. But a new joy began to creep

Tule sat down on the ground, and the Bird! So why should Brown Tule care? into Brown Tule's heart, for Bow String

other girl sat with her. A sister! Brown Silently the white girl and the brown was leading her gently—so very gently

Tule's heart beat fast with happiness. girl strode along. Then Brown Tule—back to their village of tepees.

NO SECRET—Just Common Sense!

The GENERAL Insures Preferred Risks only—Saving 2 0% on Fire Insurance

This commonsense practice means that the GENERAL has fewer losses. Fewer

losses have made it possible to return a dividend of 20% on fire insurance costs to owners of preferred risks. Preferred risks are found among business and resiGENERAL dential properties—both are eligible. Can YOU participate in this saving? Can INSURANCE CO

YOUR property qualify as a Preferred Risk? OFAMERICA

Ask your GENERAL Agent TODAY!

CAPITAL STOCK INSURANCE. AT ITS BEST!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. OF AMERICA INSURANCE FIRST NATIONAL; iSENERAfe SEATTLE...Home Office: H. K. DENT, President

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

AUGUST, 944 521 -X * -K -* -x -K GENEALOGY {Concluded from page 504) dred and fifty years ago... a gap of

again when a new Pharoah arose who 3500 years!

"knew not Joseph."And I'm curious about the people in

people... I'm between. Not only my find the leaves there But from we

too.... Because yours, curious about... of us out. and most torn been have

have left our fathers there, in the dark we are all twigs on the Family Tree.

catacombs of Egyptian idolatry. True And when we have perfected it to the

the Lord delivered them after some two last branch, twig and leaf, we can exservitude of years hundred tfcnberd fathers in the.. company?. but can morepect tofavorablebe transplantedto growth.into conditions your you name

is latest there one is the In son, the of a lot meantime, Joseph's Ephraim, The you much of ERA gives leaves this to do. are of a lot There no effort through work I can (and name

current the best CHURCH find. of to revelation a glorious.won't.. it be the But mine, Famiof through but

LITERATURE. Within its covGod) from then clear down to a hunly Reunion!

ers you find each month authoritative material written or spoken by our church leaders. MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

it occurred what Has to you their for condition. bishop cares wants The 502) (Concluded from page

of priceless theology gems the priesthood ready quorums make of the while recent meeting at a poetry downto-earth and their in rehabilithe to of assisting duty meet Region: Welfare gosNorthernas saying Utah to tation into these of get members, them yearby- pel in the you have

year volumes of this magaThe bishop's problem of providing for permanent employment, where they can prozine? porarythe needsone,ofsothefar peopleas the isindividualalways isa temcon- videbuild forthemthemselves,spirituallyandandthenin theirhelpcivicthe bishopduties

Why not preserve them for cerned. It is not intended as a permanent and responsibilities.

your future reference and your children's edification? We urge you to do so. PALESTINE IN THE DAYS OF THE SAVIOR

(Continued from page 485) And he fenced it, and gathered out the it the thereof, planted with andSingle (12 numbers) volumes bound at stones foretold, and had prophets whom in built the midst choicest vine tower and a sang angels of choirs coming cloth whose attractive,in blue durable, it, therein: also of winepress a and made

center the was joy. Bethlehem for aloud it forth bring that looked should and he $2.25binding, in gold stamped of the idyl of Book beautiful of the it forth grapes. wild grapes, brought and

each plus postage. Ruth. There was Nazareth not far And now, O inhabitants of Jerusalem,

from the Sea of Galilee and Mount and men of Judah, judge, I pray you, bevineyard. twixt and me of my our scene the to be supposed Tabor, at time or volumes oneTen more

to done more could been have my What a Nazareth transfiguration. was Lord's

in I it? wherethat vineyard, not done have the postage. of in the plus days $2.00 each beautiful little town

it I forth bring that should fore, looked when opens valley the "Gradually, Savior. it forth grapes? wild grapes, brought to in or mailBring them them hills,"of amphitheater natural us into a I will tell I to; will what you go And now

says Canon Farrar, "and there clinging do to my vineyard: I will take away the

to the hollows of a hill which rises to hedge thereof, and it shall be eaten up; and

trodden down: in be full pearls it, lie of 'like hand a above YloJ. the height of some five hundred feet break down the wall thereof, and it shall it shall it not I will be lay waste: And flat roofs and the emeralds,'of goblet a

shall there come digged; up pruned, but nor Here Nazareth."streets of narrow o the will I also thorns; briers command and his of thirty years nearly spent Jesus it. rain rain that clouds they no upon

mortal life. There were the towns of For the vineyard of the Lord of hosts

the shores on Bethabara, is Israel, and Cana and the the of Judah house of and menJke <*L)e5eret r/eu/6 fredd cities for judgplant: ancient his looked the he pleasant the Mediterranean and of

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City of Tyre and Sidon. Jesus, returning one ment, but behold oppression; for righteoustime from Tyre and Sidon, "visited the ness, but behold a cry.

cities of of Decapolis,"famous Sften all surrounded are Like people who* X- X- * >f the most imporwas which Damascus lift mountains, they up their high by tant.

eyes to the peaks and their souls to God.

Nature Inspires the Prophets spiredIt is saidthethatSwissthe peopleAlps haveto thealwayshighestinThe living. SAINT of freedom and joyful GAY in nature lovely growths,rpHE

Bailey Paul By is innot which our hymn Have we write. * inspired prophets to the oftenWe ideals life this of the novel Read of Sam Brannan, the spired mountains? by harvest find in hunting the Bible and of characters colorful of Morthe most one

mon history. to reference has been made and mountains high, where the ye "Oh $2.50 songs,

It is in the the shepherds. clear, of the songs sky."blue

Israel to mountains, the looked ORDER NOW

AVAILABLE author 121st must of the Psalm WHILE STOCKS ARE historyfolk songsof anythatpeople,we readso itmuchis withof anthe andSothe

Israel. sing at their cient people When felt the spirit of the everlasting have CO. THE BOOKCRAFT folk, as a rule a they are work, happy hills: at Travelers'Motor Lodge) (New Office

1465 South State St., Salt Lake City 4. Utah working as they do for the realization of

$ Check or money order an ideal. One of the finest of the songs I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills,

enclosed. from cometh whence my help. is that of the vineof the Old Testament Please send CO.D. from help cometh the Lord, which My: in Isaiah 5:1-7 found

earth. heaven and made NAME yard,

ADDRESS Now will I sing to my wellbeloved a song He will not suffer thy foot to be moved:

of my beloved touching his vineyard. My he that keepeth thee will not slumber.

Your orders will receive immediate attention. wellbeloved hath a vineyard in a very fruitBehold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither

ful hill: slumber nor sleep.

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Palestine in the Days of the Savior The Lord is thy keeper: the Lord is thy

shade upon thy right hand.

shall sun The not smite thee by day, nor MIAnight. the by moon

The Lord shall preserve thee from all evil:

he shall preserve thy soul.

The Lord shall preserve thy going outand thy coming in from this time forth, and Reading Course Books ever for evermore. 194445

Courage Officially adopted and enthusiastically recommended or* (Concluded from page 478) Moreover, her educational life has these inspirational books:

been a full one. She was primary supervisor of Millard County School District, Utah, for five years; and elemenExecutives—"THE GOSPEL KINGDOM"$2.25

tary supervisor, in the same district for Writings of PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR four years. Then she returned to school,

attending the Utah State Agricultural

College from which she graduated with Special Interest—"THE CHURCH IN WAR AND PEACE"...$1.00

a B.S. degree in 1932, and an M.S. in By STEPHEN L RICHARDS

1933. During 1933, she was also reading demonstrator of the GatesHuber $2.75 and Utah for M MenGleaner—"THE ROBE"Readers through Montana

the Macmillan Company. In 1934 she By LLOYD C. DOUGLAS

registered at the University of California. Junior—"I WANTED TO SEE"$2.00

Her life has been a full one, a life By BORGHILD DAHL of work and satisfaction in seeing work welldone. And now she has successfully launched into a new field in which Senior Scout—"FAITHPROMOTING STORIES"$1.00

she is having as much success as she Compiled by PRESTON NIBLEY formerly enjoyed in her educational i field.—M. C. /. Bee Hive—"TRAVELER'S CANDLE"$2.00

By FLORENCE M. UPDEGRAFF

$2.00 WHISPERS"i\etiaioiA,5 Afttitude5 Scout—"CANYON OF

By L. A. WADSWORTH

OF NOTED MEN By LEON M. STRONG DESERET BOOK COMPANYr

44 East South Temple Street... P. O. Box 958Camuel Hardin Church, president Salt Lake City 10, Utah of the Carnegie Institute, Pittsburgh,

Pennsylvania: "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"

Do I believe in prayer? Yes, I do believe

in prayer. I was brought up in a praying

family.... I think I have a way of approaching God as if he and I were on terms

will that equality. Perhapsof absolute shock

it to. that THE MOST COLORFUL AND BEST but I don'tyou, mean The GodI pray to is a God of wisdom, and love.'COSTUMES, Wigs. Tuxedos, for MUSIC!We Specialize for

The list of quotations could go on any and all occasions are from Churches and Schools indefinitely. The above may indicate

that many, if not most of our greatest HILLAM'S COSTUME SHOP Vocal and Instrumental characters in the world's history, out34 So. Main. St Solos, Choirs, Bands,

field religion, ofside of the immediate Orchestras Salt Lake City, Utah felt devout been havehave men who Also Victor, Columbia the need of divine help in the problems and other Records confronting them.

of discontinuance Notwithstanding Government if best, the the not Undoubtedly only instruments, manufacture of pianos and band informafor full stocks. Write have limited terrific solution, to thepermanent probtion.

is sincere,lems but of today a a raTHESend "ERA"we tional return to the worship of our God for inspirational reading all. Father of usand CO. MUSIC 12 issues $2.00 DAYNES

City 1 with a letter the present writer. on file 'From Salt Lake 47 So. Main St.

AUGUST, 1944 523 LUCY TAYLOR ANDERSEN (Continued from page 493) years an active member of the Y.W. the L.D.S. Business College. In it she

unusual ancestry, for her grandfather M.I.A. General Board. Mrs. Taylor represented the Spirit of Womanhood.

on her mother's side is President Heber says that her daughter was of great help Sister Andersen graduated from the

J. Grant, and on her father's side she to her during those years, giving her L.D.S. High School and went on to the

claims President John Taylor as her the reactions of the girls to the various University of Utah, also acting as a greatgrandfather. Her father is John programs planned for them in the M.I.A. parttime secretary for President Grant

H. Taylor, one of the First Council of Sister Andersen remembers vividly her who was then the president of the Counthe Seventy, and her mother, Rachel experiences as a Bee Hive girl, especialcil of the Twelve. In 1923 her parents

Grant Taylor, was for twentyseven ly a pageant held on the front lawn of were called to preside over the NorthWfi D 1M

Metal VentTube Keeps BEARING PROTECTION ASSURED

Old Squirt Cans in Use to There's need throw no an away SELECTING GREASE CORRECT BY oil the because can snap has gone full is is to in harvest called swing, your equipment perform on When of in the out Solder bottom. a tube

full tasks. extra lanes, pull loads Trucks and dustchoked on many oil control of the flow and holdby

jolt fields. rough, over dry it. tractors ing finger over your the of end

in perfected greases has season, Standard any gun them To protect filled several cans, with all for requirements. your Here Oil Zerolene, or Motor RPMKeep

about your farm. Use RPM Motor Penetrating Oil Loosens Oil or harvesters, Zerolene on

Rusty Bolts and Nuts You can avoid twisting off rusted bolts by squirting on a few drops of Standard Penetrating Oil before removing nuts. This specially

made oil creeps into the tiniest crevices and loosens rust. It seeks

out and stops squeaks. Order from

Standard in onegallon containers.

Dip Poultry Safely in MAINTAINS

TEMPERATURES.BODY MINIMIZESAT AU OPERATINGWEAB

NonBurning Insecticide pumps, engines, shafting, impleTry this sure way of getting at are the proved favorites of many ments and other machinery. bloodsucking fleas and lice on experienced farmers.

For truck and car gasoline enpoultry. Submerge each fowl (exChassis Grease RPM is gines, Oil AmeriMotor RPM cept baby chicks) in a Standard

chassis For all greasepoints all equipon oil. finest ca's It sticks wearto

it resilient, ment. Extremely adhesive and all points Its under temperatures.

sticks bearings shocks. on and cushions

attraction for reunusual metal duces wear, makes cold starting RPM Tractor Roller easier and guards against rust. Lubricant

roller For frame, idler bearings in on and a wide Motor Oil is made RPM

Its tracktype tractors. film tough stands up selection of grades. Standard Ask

tons of Resists under weight. heat, dirt and for for engines recommendations water.

in your cars and trucks.

RPM Universal Joint Grease For oldtype Spicer and BallTrunion UniHear Popular Newscaster versals.

RPM Waterproof Grease on the Air at Earlier Time For truck and automobile water pumps reTo give you world news coverSheep Dip 1 to 100 solution. After quiringhot or coldgrease.water.It's not affected by boilingage at a more convenient time, dipping, keep them out of the hot

Standard now sun until they are dry. Let your local Standbrings you Lowell Standard Sheep Dip, used in the ard Man help you with

Thomas at 7:15 proper dilutions, will not burn the your lubrication prob-

P.M. (PWT) on skin of poultry or any animal exlems, or obtain for you

Don LeeMutual cept a cat. Ask for the free Sheep the free service of a

Network and at Dip Folder. Order in barrels, 1- Standard Fuel and Lu-

9:30 P.M. (MWT) or 5-gallon containers. bricant Engineer.

on Intermountain Network. Consult the radio program in your paper for stations. STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ern States Mission and Lucy went with Sister Andersen is unusually gifted in them. Her brother, Heber, who was on many lines—one of which is the field of

a mission in Holland later joined them. art. Her water colors and deft brush

In Chicago Sister Andersen worked full have created many unforgettable scenes time for over two years in the office as which brighten countless homes. Last

her father's secretary. Later she traveled Christmas she sent original paintings as

as a regular missionary throughout InChristmas the right size for cards—justhanging in a choice spot.diana and Wisconsin. While in Chiframing and

cago, she met Waldo M. Andersen Some of her lovely work hangs in the

whom she married in 1926. Two years General Board Office, Bishop's Buildlater they moved back to Salt Lake ing, Salt Lake City, Utah. Also two of

City. There the couple's son, John, was her paintings are in the president's office

born. They have lived in the Ensign at the Logan Temple.

Stake ever since where Brother AnderReally to know and appreciate Sister sen is at present in the stake presidency. Andersen one should know her innate

Shortly after her return to her native love of people and her sincere desire to city Sister Andersen was called to the help them. General board work is strenfinds as best, to Stake time sheEnsign but Y.W.M.I.A. board uous at help AN AVERAGE ol 300 pounds ol representative. reguwell her carry others as asLion House The folon

lowing year she was appointed to the lar duties. When a recent board meetfood per person is wasted

Bee Hive committee and still later to ing was held, she brought some of herthe Gleaner committee. It was while delectable lemon chiffon pies for one every year in this country—almost

she served in the latter capacity (June of the members to take home, knowing 1937) that she had charge of the M that because of sickness in the home, one pound per person every dayl

MenGleaner banquet held at the Lion the meeting and extra work, this memto prepare time it ber not have hadHouse would family. delicacies the for her suchcame When Every time you clean your plate, duringM MenJuneandconference.the Gleaner presiTo

dents or their representatives from the proofreader of the current Bee you boost our wartime food supply every stake in the Church. Keepers'Handbook found it almost

In December 1937, she was called to impossible to meet the press deadline—help make sure you and yours

the general board of the Y.W.M.I.A. because of home responsibilities, Sister

and was made a member of the Bee Andersen immediately and eagerly ofwill continue to be well fed... also

later children clean chairher committee, tend fered to becoming andHive her you help, in a vitally important that forward. the might time of her recent of house go work it. At theman

appointment she was also a member of Thus you may readily see that, way, to win this war.

the visual aid committee. In addition, coupled with her outstanding talents and

for the past two years, she has served abilities, is a lovable human being who as a regular missionary on Temple as an executive will be a distinct asset When eating at home, starve

Square. and help to the M.I.A. in every respect.

your garbage pail. In our popular

Coffee Shop, Starlite Gardens or at

PIONEER SHEEP some other favorite eating place, (Continued from page 489) Utah territorial legislature made sheep order wisely. Don't order more

of delivery. At the same time, the Caliexempt from taxes. The 1852 legislaturefornia gold rush and the thousands of also appropriated $2,000 to promote the than you can eat—then eat all you

mills factors, industry. Such woolen travelers thewestern provided Morthe boost provided phenomenal by order. their with for marketmons with a "boom"

own crop and livestock products on a the California gold rush prosperity, scale that developed Utah far faster made possible Utah's rapid advance as than it otherwise would have grown. a major sheepgrowing region.

the great necessity, being woolCentral Pacific Uniting the Wool and the raised. sheep type man, were One Utah Pacific railroads at PromontoryUnion

on the north end of Great Salt Elisha W. Van Etten, brought 246

into the territory Spanish Merinos this industrial boosted in 1869Lake in A WAR MESSAGE until predominated type 1853. That theprogress still more. About same

time, new woolen mills were established about 1860, when French merinos, orat Provo and Beaver, following conRambouillets, began to come in. The BY

struction of the first large woolen mill Rambouillets possessed three qualities at Ogden in 1867 and 1868 at a cost of to a better degree than any other breed:

$60,000. These industries greatly ex- ( 1 ) fine wool of exceptional spinning

panded the market for wool which was quality; (2) a hardy, longlived sheep,

being produced in rapidlygrowing and (3) gregariousness to a high devolume throughout Utah and in Morgree.

mon colonies in adjoining states. It was the advent of woolen factories

Utah's sheep population in 1867 was about 1870 that awakened Utah people estimated at 1 67,000. This increased to to the need for improving wool quality.

450,000 by 1883, when all available This became one of Brigham Young's rangelands in the territory had been hobbies—the importation of improved

taken up for livestock. The sheep popubreeds and encouragement of better

lation continued to gain steadily, reachtype animals to meet the fastgrowing ing 2,214,000 in 1894, one report shows. stature of the sheep and wool industry.

This dropped in the next year or two, Only a hardy, vigorous type of sheep but in 1901 reached 2,882,000—probcould thrive under those early Utah conably the highest number ever recorded ditions, and the Rambouillet over a

for the state. period of many years has proved that

So important was the wool and liveit does thrive. Some flocks must travel

stock industry in the beginning that the ( Concluded on page 526

AUGUST, 1944 525 PIONEER SHEEP (Concluded from page 525) twentyeight years at Salt Lake City, up to three hundred miles between sumunder the leadership of F. R. Marshall

National of the as secretary Wool and winter range in Utah and mer time, for Association a long Growers Nevada.

has centered worldwide attention on first registered sheep came The center. as a sheepbreeding to Utah

it 1890. is believed, about Utah, Two of 1943 sheep population Utah's

years later, John H. Seeley of Mt. about 2,471,000 head produced 21,000,-

Pleasant established the flock of Ram000 pounds of wool and 1,500,000 bouillets which he built up into one of lambs with a combined value of $15,- the greatest sources of Rambouillet 000,000 or more. This was larger than

breeding sheep in the world. He made the 1941 crop, when it was estimated

sales of foundation stock all over Amerthat the year's clip of more than 20,000,- ica, and in 1 91 8 he established a national 000 pounds would clothe 4,000,000 peorecord price of $6,200 for a single ram ple at the average annual consumption at the national ram sale in Salt Lake of five pounds per capita in the United

City. States, or 15,000,000 people at the

As muttontype sheep have gained world per capita average of one and popularity the last few years, many fine onehalf pounds.

herds of Suffolks and Hampshires are Other comparisons could be made to being established, with some Panamas, show the vast growth of Utah's sheep

Columbias, and other types for crossand wool industry during the ninetybreeding. The Suffolk breed in particuseven years since that sturdy pioneer

lar is gaining popularity there, and a widow—Sally Murdock from New new state Suffolk organization has been Haven, Massachusetts—drove an emiformed to promote these sheep as an grant wagon slowly down the western

important breed in Utah. slope of the Wasatch Mountains, trailThe national ram sale, held the last ing her "three dumb sheep."

PENICILLINTHE WONDER MOLD The fresh goodness of Mrs. J. (Continued from page 487) depending on the process, the mold is

peniand the Chocolates off and discarded, G. McDonald's study with strained further undertook is London by using from the broth cillin recovered Foundation. the Rockefeller at every step to bring guarded the help of

tricks, mostly chemical a good many with but promising, results were these worldfamous chocolates Their between and forth back did not transferring England of war, the outbreak to you at their most delicious seem the place to obtain the quickest solvents, from one as ether or chlorogoodness. They go to your faresults. Therefore, in 1941, the coopform, to water, in order to extract it

vorite dealer factory fresh... eration of American scientists, indusfrom closely related organic substances,

chocolates in which only the try,soughtandand governmentobtained. Of agenciesthe large numwas havesuch similaras certainformulasyellowbutpigmentsno bactericidalwhich

best ingredients are used. Each ber of people who made important conaction. After further processing, the

pound is carefully packaged. tributions, Dr. Robert D. Coghill, chief penicillin is vacuumdried at a low temsodi- as the dry packaged and of the perature division of the fermentation And your dealer cooperates by in the present acids organic Laboraum salts of Regional Research Northern

his own care in display and tory of the U.S. Department of Agrioriginal broth. The powder contains

handling. culture, deserves special mention for his eight to thirty percent sodium penicillin.

role in making commercial production There is an extremely small amount of broth, about drug efforts of five penicillin in the original Pioneering reality. That's why it's as true today as a percent Merck, companies, of one to sixthousands chemical two and

it was more than 80 years ago: Squibb, Pfizer, Abbott, and Winthrop, about as much as the concentration of

Mrs. J. G. McDonald's Chocowere mainly responsible in producing bromine in sea water. The problem of

not the penicillin penicillin is due the used concentrating making available and lates are, truly, the BEST of its in clinical its importance concentration but establishing in only to the small good chocolates. practice. instability with acids, alkalis, heavy

reagents a chemist other metals, and have production of methods Four oi the continued Because for It is like looking use. like to would in the our demand men the are: tested. carefully These been

service, not always ofwe in haystack."needle a an "unstable the process, the bran process, trickle civilall our can supply

fifty percent is lost in the condeal- your ian demand. About process, submerged and the oi surface er is out temporarilyIi process. centrating is the process. method The surface chocolates, these famous

please understand. oldest and consists of growing the mold Production has increased over one

on the surface of a quiet medium under hundred times in the past year. When

sterile conditions in flasks, milk bottles, the tentative production schedule is or trays. The yield is good, but the reached, the twenty million dollars

labor costs are high. A slightly different worth of plants that have been erected,

strain of the mold can be grown in huge twenty in the United States, two in tanks of several thousand gallons capaCanada, and one in Mexico, by the end

MrsJ.G.McDonald it.cityThiswithsubmergedsterile air beingmethodblownrequiresthroughlitofof pure1944 penicillinwill producea day,aboutor twoninehundredpounds

tle labor and assures a high output at a billion units per month. This amount

million serious treat of a a quarter relatively low cost. willChocolate Company proincreased cases a month. With

Salt Lake City—Owned and Operated by TLTow is the penicillin obtained from duction, in addition to armed forces'

Mrs. J. G. McDonald and R. Neal McDonald * * the mold? At the end of the growneeds, one thousand hospitals have

ing cycle of from two to eleven days, been allowed to buy generous monthly 526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PENICILLINTHE WONDER MOLD

quotas of penicillin for distribution to the presence of blood, pus, or tissue in patients and other hospitals as they see contrast to the sulfa type drugs which fit. The Salt Lake L.D.S. Hospital is are less effective when these materials

one of the distributing centers. are present. It is nontoxic in the highThe cost for a treatment is about est doses needed for its most effective

$3.25 for one hundred thousand units, clinical use.

depending on the method of production. The eventual total needs will depend

If the treatment requires a million to a on large scale clinical tests of humans million and a half units the cost would and animals. The value in animal disbe up to $50.00. The price, although eases has not yet been tested. There is

reduced eightyfour percent in the last a good possibility that other valuable year, will probably go lower. and perhaps more effective substances

At present, penicillin can be adminmay be found from the hundred thouistered intramuscularly, intravenous- sand other molds and fungi.

ly, by lumbar puncture, directly into One of the most intensive and secret joint and cavity spaces, and locally. By of war research projects is the attempt

mouth is not effective since the stomach to fix definitely penicillin's chemical acids destroy it. Since penicillin is formula and then to build it with chemirapidly excreted in the urine, doses have cal building bricks. There are good

to be large and frequent. The action of prospects of determining the formula of

penicillin in preventing bacteria from this tricky, unstable compound, known multiplying, in actually killing bacteria, to be a watersoluble organic acid of or making the bacteria easy for the low molecular weight, but synthesis body defenses to kill is not lessened by may be very difficult.

WYOMING BOY (Concluded from page 476) a small shop which has since grown into ELECTIONS1944 which he can cause a flag to be raised the large one he now has. It is so orand a gun to be fired. ganized that, as Charles says, "I can Candidate speeches and debates;

In addition, Charles finds time to be work on one hobby without disturbing issues and platforms, and their scoutmaster for Troop No. 80 at Lyanother."man; to service cars and test milk in a Charles intends to become a research interpretation—all these are an

cream station. scientist. Science is, as Charles says, integral part of the American

When he was eleven, Charles built "my first love."system of popular election.

of nation our

politiof rise EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS Withand thethe inevitablegrowth [Concluded ordained page 501) from to serve his purposes, (pp. 160, cal complexities, the newspaper

161.) these subtle, inare several of There

visible substances but little understood as In summary, the Holy Ghost, a perhas replaced the "stump."has asyet by man, and their existence is only sonage who cannot be everywhere at sumed the responsibility to preeffects. their ofdemonstrated them by Some invisit at will time, the any same may of all election sent all sides issuesare the several electerms, recognized under

in universedividual person; but by thetricity, galvanism, animal magnetism, magvoter, his that the drawing own filling radiating influence from God, spiritualnetism, spirit, essence, magnetism,

etc. often spoken of as the Holy Spirit, or conclusions, may cast an intelliThe purest, most refined and subtle of the Spirit of God, or the Light of Truth, gent, conscientious ballot.

all these substances, and the one least unthe Holy Ghost may be in constant all creatures. In reading with recognized,derstood, the less touch or even by the In this most important election

is that substance mankind, deterscriptures,informed among should carefully one called the Holy Spirit.... mine whether the writer has in mind the year, the Salt Lake Tribune, as

This Holy Spirit, under the control of the person of the Holy Ghost, or the means always, will provide its readers great Elohim, is of the grand cause moving he performs his mighty work by which

.. with a complete, forthright, unall intelligences, act.. they and by which men. among

In short, it is the attribute of the eternal It has caused some confusion that the biased presentation of all of the to and Godhead. Theology, (Keypower Spirit, terms, and Ghost, Holy Holy issues, personthe the pledges, Fifth Edition, pp. 3840.) Spirit rendered of as by Bible God,

will alities votes which our upon imperfect translators with knowledge an his in E. Talmage, wellknown James

be cast in November. to the gospel, of be interchangeappear Articles of Faith, speakswork, The of

the influence that radiates from divinity able. In common speech, also, the tenloose- these terms to use has beenin clear words dency

definition. has ft exact This ly, without

In the great purposes, execution of these has students of the gospel; and confused

the directs the controls and Ghost Holy the resquestions. led to frequent With forces of nature, ofvaried indeed a which

few, and these perhaps of minor order wontoration of the gospel, this confusion derful as even the least of them appears to vanished. We can now better under- 1

man, have thus far been investigated by stand the words of the Prophet Joseph mortals. Gravitation, sound, heat, light, and Smith, that, "The place where God

the still more mysterious and seemingly suresides is a great Urim and Thummim, pernatural power of electricity, are but the... where all things... are manifest,

servants of the Ghost in Holycommon future."present, his past, and C. (D. & agencies, operations. and mighty These

is, in place 130:7, our poor 8.) This

still the mightier to. ones.. and unknown, man

many, perhaps, to the present condition of human words, the control station of the human mind unknowable, do not conGod's allpervading stitute the Holy Ghost, but are the agencies influence.—/. A. W. NsX

AUGUST, 1944 527 Your Page and Ours

No Hurry

Christmas Mail Month Conductor: "Sorry, madam, but we have learned that the

to station to the qet off intend has been burned where you Office Mail "Christmas says Department Post The ground."

15. will 15 to run from September October Month"all they'll right; it rebuilt "That's probably Lady: have by

disthat points with out Office Department Post The the there."this train gets time

this year, operations widespread vast so tances so and every effort should be made to mail early in this period in order to assure delivery of packages in the farthest $ign$of theTime$ outposts. Emphasis is placed on the necessity of addressing packages properly. The Army Postal Service "What, only eighteen hundred dollars for that car? Man,

and the Navy Mail Service call attention to the followyou're crazy! I paid fourteen hundred for it, new."

ing rules: Christmas gift packages will be accepted for

limitations of weight the present within only mailing in length in weight, and 15 inches 36 Too Foggy 5 pounds and size;

in packcombined. length inches such one Only and girth who had traveled were comparing their ideas about Two men

the to will person from accepted the same age be cities. same foreign

addressee during any one week. Perishable articles will "London,"said one, "is certainly the foggiest place in the

not be accepted and every effort will be made to discourworld."

age the mailing of fragile articles which cannot survive "Oh, no, it's not,"said the other. "I've been in a place much

transportation to war zones. foggier than London."

For further information about Christmas mailings, con- "Where was that?"asked his friend.

sult your post office. "I don't know where it was,"replied the second man, "it

was so foggy."

Lowry Field, Colorado Lucky Circumstance

Dear Editors: Friend: "And aren't the bombings in London terrible, Mrs.

LAST Sunday I visited the Soldiers'Service Club in downPeters?"town Denver. I was well pleased to notice that one of the Mrs. Peters: "Ah, yes, dearie—they do knock things about.

L.D.S. families had donated each month's Improvement Era But again, they do take your mind off the war for a bit."

to the reading room of the club.

Pvt. Don C. Archibald

Army Air Corps Different -#- Dora: "What's the difference between a fort and fortress?"

Marine: "Well, a fortress is much harder to silence."

This Younger Generation Letter Man Jones: "After all, I don't think we need worry about Junior.

His teacher says that he's still trying."Albert: "So you claim you were a threeletter man at college.

Mrs. Jones: "Yes, but his last report card says he's more What were the letters?"

trying than ever."Filbert: "Well, most of them were I O U."

Private Affair Suffering from minor stomach ailment the soldier reported at The Memory Lingers the dispensary for medical attention: "Have you ever been Jackson: "I noticed you got up and gave that lady your

bothered by general debility?"asked the doctor. seat in the tram the other day."

"No, sir,"replied the soldier, "only by Sergeant Picklepuss."Hackson: "Since childhood I have respected a woman with

a strap in her hand."

Photo Finish She had begged her husband for months to have his picture He Found Out the but agony, through when decided last he to go taken. At friend, think Derelict: you, nothing "Like I used to young my horror, in Joe, you "Oh, exclaimed arrived she the proofs

impossible."have was coat."button your on only one sad! Friend: happened?"Young What "How last."noticed it at replied, "you've heaven,"Joe "Thank revolving to through "I tried Derelict: door wearing go a

a pair of skis."

Dear Sirs: Farragut, Idaho Call the Guard!

to express my thanks for The Improvement Era, which WANT written in reports should be Colonel: such a manner "Your I today. I received that ignorant them."understand even the most may

Never in my life have I enjoyed a magazine so much. I have Sergeant: "And what is it, sir, that you don't understand?"

wandered away from the Church more than I realized until I received the Era. It has opened my eyes to many things, which

I was completely blind to. Care Does Much

those heart of the bottom who from thank to my I want bathing a neighbor's her baby, mother a was young While first It is the the.Era. receiving for magaresponsible were my little girl in child process. the watched and came The was the and from received Church that kind I have of zine any doll I holding a arm minus knocked and an leg and about much

it last. isn't the pray and hope generally.

like magazines service in the need fellows We long have you had your baby?"she asked the mother. the Era to "How Christ. Lord, Jesus the our work of "carry on"help us months.""Three

Edward Theodore Worley, S 2/c "My, but you've kept her nice!"exclaimed the little girl.

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOKS... FOR THE HOME LIBRARY

History... romance... ON'T adventure... inspiration

... entertainment

BOIL AWAY BRIGHAM YOUNG THE COLONIZER—JAM and JELLY

An account of the Mormon conquest of the

Great Basin; one oi the

world's great stories, vividly told. By Dr. Milton R. Hunter. Price,

S3.00.

m;.

stirring novel A based Jij w A on dramatic career Wtgfflft "'Jt*'''ltm oi Brannan theSam lllaltv>—

lead- I }-.'Mormon 7"tiw*IMF er in California's gold

rush era. "* great *1k|w* A MAKE COSTLY FRUITS GO FARTHER amazingstory, excellently told.

By Paul Bailey. Price,

$2.50.

WITH S... ORDER NOW M.CP. PECTIN check 2 orjnoney order enclosed. ji D of jam and method oldfashioned sc Please P THE Life The extravaand is wasteful jelly making U

By of your it "boils so much away"because gant, Brigham juice—or the fruit costly most ingredient—DavB:1 the same This glasses from get fewer that you

The Stor, ** **'P. PECfruit. M. C. Modern of The amount bv.

Saint $2.50 I The Gay of glasses J D more produces many method TIN Bailey Paul By J so are jellies which jams the California Brannan energyrich Sam and and JJi D 'uO J H* $1.75 Mormons J J r/j relieve wartime the in helping important Bsiley Paul By J J

For $2.50 This S Glory etc., My save eggs, and butter, of meat, shortage D J

I Bailey Paul By J "points"precious Hills the $1.50 DUnto J J

L. By Richard Evans J J juice fruit jells or more PECTIN M.CP. $2.25 Gospel Standards J J D

J. pectin By can Heber Grant other buy you than any sugar and J J

In the $1.25 Gospel Net D J }

... short boil a too to spoilage prevents due A. lohn By Widtsoe J J

3 $1.85 Reconciliations Evidences and...... always n and J time saves and work you

A. l'n Jo By Widtsoe J finetextured of jams tender, clear, the Signs $1.25 assures, Times JJ you D J RECIPE THISUSE Fielding By Joseph Smith fruit berry jellies true, natural and with and to Perfection $1.25 J5 J3 Wayfor FRESH PEACH JAM Folding Bv Joseph 3 Smith flavor. JS $2.00 God's 3 Covenant Race n Peaches Ground Cups 4 H. By 3 Anderson James j Sugar 6 Cups Gospel $2.25 3 Kingdom J

Taylor By John 3 Juice Lemon Cup lA JS Great The $2.00 3 Answer I Pectin Package M.CP. Bv 3 Margaret Lee Runbeck J

Apostle The $3.00 3

pits peel, from remove andWash, Bv 3 Asch Sholem JJ 4 pounds fully ripe peaches; grind 3 Abraham Lincoln $3.50 3

Bv lames 3 Dougherty level fruit. exactly 4 Measurethe JJ Surgeon $3.00 Burma 3 n the (add peaches of groundcups S. I By Gordon Seagrave, M.D. J

if fill last necesThunderhead cup, out to $2.75 Cwater

IJ i By O'Hara Mary kettle. the large in asary) Add J Long, Long $2.75 Ago

juice, Pectin lemon andM.CP. Alexander Bv Woollcott \

Jf to stir- $2.00 boil, See I Wanted tostir a bring well and D

? Boghild Bv Dahl the constantly. addring NOW, Traveler's J $2.00 Candle previously has (which beensugar t Florence Updegraff By Maude

stirring, and continuemeasured), boil. rolling to BOIL a fullbring 5 SP \ CD. THE. BDDKCRAFT Offices at Travelers'3 Lodge) (New Motor i%\W Re- 4 MINUTES.EXACTLY JS 1465 State 4, South Ut. City 3 Lake fire, let subside, boil frommove 5 Please the send above: St.,booksSaltchecked 3 $&- 5 for minturnsstir skim by and JUICE FRUIT OR JELLS MORE J J Name aljars, sterilized intoutes. Pour OTHER ANY THAN SUGAR AND? Address J for sealing space Viinchlowing - BUY CAN PECTIN YOU <? paraffin. freshwith attention. 1 will receive orders prompt $ Your

S AV E F O O D-B UY WA R B ONUS?s.i'--""-*-ss

Salt take City,*!